c97eefcd9317f4fbb88afd653cf63b62
it's a shame how fast your money goes now a days     !
"feelin kinda blah today  rain got me out of the mood to mow the lawn, and i really need to  lol!"
"         people never behave the way you e playful ect them too     ahhhhh     sweet loneliness, our on off relationship continues     "
"dreading radiography program      school loans taking forever to come in     so far have spent over $400 on school prep and tuition hasn't even been paid yet     still have to buy navy blue scrubs, white anti-slip shoes, books, and student health insurance      i am so broke      but it's a means to an end, and as long as i can see the light at the end of this 2yr tunnel, i'll be ok "
"feelin kinda groggy, don't know what it is  tried to take a nap, but couldn't really fall asleep  gotta work out tonight  i really need to stop procrastinating      "
"think i gotta pinched nerve in my upper back, been out of work for 3 days now, going on 4  1st available doctor's appointment is on tuesday, sux to be me!"
<propfirst>                     i can only be me  that's the best i know i can be  hopefully there is someone out there that's gonna like me for being me 
"got a 100 on my chest <propfemale> and lat  simulation     yeah      congrats to everyone that did great, and an early congrats to everyone that's gonna do great "
"hmmmm     bored, bored, and more bored     jus' finished washin' my car     she's lookin' all sparkly  i need to get a life lol     "
"can't sleep, gotta go to work tonight     argh! daily grind gettin to me a lil, no time to really relax except for holidays  again, gotta do what i gotta do  lol, startin to sound like a broken record      aight then, slap!, back in the game, just needed a wake up "
"man, i can't feel anymore alone then i do now!"
"we're in for it now     <propfemale> won, i can't believe it  i'm a state worker, and now my job is at risk  selfish northern jersey, all they care about is their property taxes, even though our educational system has improved  new jersey is in for it now  we really have a crooked governor this time around, and i doubt he'll take the one dollar salary     "
"just installed my skunk 2 short throw shifter and shift knob with my energy suspensions transmission bushings last night  car shifts way better  totally excited, want to do more mods  need more money     i am so siked!"
"slightly tired, not really sleepy, tryin to figure out what to do     been runnin around like a headless chicken since college started, now that i've had two days off, don't really know what to do with myself      lol, but can't wait to sign those full-time papers  ben-e's!!!!!"
"thinkin about going to clinicals tomorrow, not sure     decisions decisions"
happy new year to all  be safe and have fun!!!!!
"got my new whip for the new year fb, lovin it  time for me to get right for myself, and to start takin care of myself  let's bring in the new year right!"
"just checked my school grades, straight a's fb, straight a's!!!!! yeah, let's do this \new car, straight a's, looks like i gotta work on getting back in shape and takin better care of myself  then i will be <propfemale> fb!  laugh \8-)"
"come on snow  start comin down so i can't make it to work      getting stuck there again, it's kinda getting old  i should be taking a nap, because at this rate, the roads will still be driveable by the time i have to go to work "
"gotta work tonight  i guess it's time to go back  i was getting a little cabin fever, and i'm tired of shoveling  back to the grind stone "
"happy v-day to everyone, even we single people    ! go spoil yourself   "
"ahhhh, got class tomorrow  gotta try and get some sleep lol, i am the enemy of sleep, not intentional though  blah blah blah, blah blah blaaaahhhh      lol!"
"feelin good, today was a good day  went on a date, felt all nervous and amateuristic      lol, think it went great      hope to go on many more, but anywayz  time to take it down  must learn how to go to sleep!"
"really feelin ne-yo's albums     i know it's kinda late, but just been in the mood lately to hear it     luda still be bumpin in my car the, lol    "
"i can't believe the catholic church     now they are trying to say that there is some kind of hate campaign against them  well, duh, they are protecting pedophiles!"
"ahhhhh, just got out of work  tired, gonna try and get some sleep, hopefully  gotta study, test tomorrow      argh!"
"hah! life is so funny  sometimes all i can do is just sit back, look at everything and laugh! not just at myself, but also the situations i get myself in     "
"i yearn to make someone laugh and be happy, but alas, perhaps the one thing i think i'm good at is destined to evade me forever more     perhaps someone can find value, in a simple soul "
"hmmm, what to do today     might go see date night, looks funny  laugh "
"i am so tired, and kinda tired of everything    "
"takin my first steps to better taking care of myself  feelin good after a break in workout  nothin special, but i do feel good  and i have the weekend off! lol, now what to do for this weekend   ?"
"at movies, waitin for my pizza to and see kick ass    "
hmmmm    i didn't know death at a funeral was already out    
"today is a new day, and the start of me takin care of me     feelin good, let's see how class goes  gotta buckle down and get the sh*t done  no more distractions, must focus  bein tired is no excuse lol    ! everyone have a great day today!"
"@ work, tired, got a headache, and my heart is throwin me for loops  man! when are things gonna start gettin easy?"
"@ clinicals, tired, can't wait for the day to end  even though i have to work tonight     would like to have someone i can go home and talk to that'll distract me from my long day  communication with another human being is so underrated and under-appreciated   "
"oh how fun it is to be at work     well, at least i'll be gettin some studying in  time to ace this test, bright and early!"
"day didn't go as well as i planned it, but there were some positives     most focus on positives and try and figure out how to remedy my shortcomings of the day  i will do better next time and excel at what i set my mind on  hope everyone elses day went well "
past the halfway <propfirst> at clinicals     can't wait to go home and relax  just a lil bit tired    
"well, off to see oceans, happy earthday everyone!"
"hmmm, tryin to give this facebook app a shot, lol  work is boring as usual  tryin to have an idea of what to do this weekend besides study, lol    "
"uh ohh, 360's facebook app just got a million times better  bout time, lol!"
"just got to work, and my dumb behind made sure i barely got any sleep, lol  don't know what i'm gonna do with myself     had an okay day though "
"wow, night is already startin off interesting  clients already actin a hot mess!"
"so bored     so, so, so bored"
"ahhh     gonna relax, take a nap, and then study  long day ahead, lol  then when i go to work, gonna have to do some more studying  my life is so exciting "
"uh oh, slept right through my study time  oh well, guess i'll have to make it up at work  sad "
tonight is gonna be a long night  a very very very long night!
"on the real, eminem is my favorite rapper  just heard a his freestyle, and damn! wow     anywayz, time to go beddy bye and take a nap before work  laterz    !"
"got a horribly huge and hard test in the tomorrow  no amount of studying has me feelin like i've covered everything i need to know  oh boy, i am not gonna like this one    "
"well, i'm still alive and breathing, lol  but i could have done better  gotta get back on the ball  but i'm tryin, and i guess that's all that can be said for now  now, what to do     got clinicals tomorrow, what to do for today     my life is so exciting! (psssttt    can you sense the sarcasm, lol)"
"@ work, tired and i feel a lil beaten up, lol  not sure if it eas from layin on the table in class today  but i do feel like i took two to the kidneys, lol  anywayz, whatever     wish i was in bed right now, and i have clinicals in the morning "
"just got home  oh the relief  there is nothing i have to go straight to  no college, no clinicals, just home to relax  feels good, feels real good  4 days straight of back to back work school, work clinicals  sometimes it's like there is no end in sight  and i'm off this weekend  yeah! hmmmm     question? who's gonna see the \nightmare on elm street\"" remake today  i might go  (sinister laugh!)"""
"thinkin about tryin to get a temp job as a census taker  but i don't know  if i work ot at my job, then i can easily eclipse that payrate  decision, decisions, decisions      oh well      lol, it was just a though "
"lol \mr  nice guy\"""""
"well, still bored to tears at work  but i think that is a good thing, lol  hmmm     what to do, feelin restless    "
<propmale>' want to go to sleep yet  tomorrow is coming too fast  i don't want to take a final      can't stop time i guess    
"the final wasn't too bad  i have confidence in that i think i did well  but let's not count our chickens before they hatch  i just feel good about it, that's all  tomorrow's clinicals, in which i'm in the or  sad , but then another test on wednesday  whoah is me, lol "
"guys and gals, i think i have it all mixed up  this whole time i've been lookin to the movies for how relationships are suppose to happen  the thing is, i think thats's the rare cases  i'm gonna have to start being more pro-active with how i go about getting the attention of the opposite sex  so much work needs to be done    "
"so hungry, don't know what to eat     thinkin about havin some <propfirst>'s burger     but i don't know what to eat with it  lol, decisions decisions decisions     "
"had me some quiznos today  and it was good     yeah! hmmmm    now i need to take my ass to bed  lol, i have to work tonight      sad "
"@work, tired     wouldn't or should i say couldn't go to sleep  8hrs can not come any faster! i just want the night to be over, quick!"
"wow, how refreshing a shower is after you do some yard work     especially with a puffy afro, lol  dirt just seem to be attracted to it like a magnet  but now i feel good and clean  and i did a very good job on the yard i must say (not tryin to toot my own horn, lol )"
"let's do this dance again     @work, hopin the night goes fast  gotta see iron man 2 @ the imax tomorrow! can't wait  everyone enjoy your weekend! feelin complacent right now     lol, could really go for some relaxin music right about now "
"iron man 2 today, ftw! anyone else goin to see it today, shout me a comment!"
"happy mother's day to all the beautiful ladies that are mothers and the ones soon to be  enjoy your day and take a load off  rest and relax because tomorrow, we'll be back to nagging you for everything under the sun, lol (laughs sinisterly) \\j k!"
"well, have a test today  i hope i do great  wink \\good luck and best wishes to all that are taking tests and finals this whole week  we can do this! good morning and good day!  laugh "
"wow, did pretty good on my last test  feelin good right now  tryin to relax, day off tonight, but got clinicals in the morning  tryin to get up the courage to do something i don't normally do  gotta tell myself, i can't prepare for everything and every result  there has to be some unknowns in life (aka risks )"
it's gonna be a long night  got pulled from my <propmale> to the all female  have to monitor a suicidal patient  and gotta try and study for a final and a hard test  it's gonna be a very long night 
"on\\\mr  nice guy\"""""
"well, did pretty good on both my final and test  one more final to go and one more day of clinicals  i can do it     lol  now all i need to do is take a long hard gulp of courage and start living a lil  and first thing on my agenda is to start taking risks!"
"all done with clinicals for the next 6 weeks  yes! i am so tired, lol  but i'll miss the people there  now tomorrow is the harder final, and i can finally relax  i can make it, i can do it      i think i can, i think i can, i think i can     lol      too much disney on the brain  think i'm losin it     lol!"
"overslept for work  got there 2hrs and 45min late! damn! but my supervisor still let me go in so that's what's up  guess my body is tryin to tell me somethin  well, time to study!  sad "
"yeah! finals done, aced all 3 of them  feeling good about that  not so great about that big gulp of courage i was suppose to take  i passed scholastically but failed developmentally, lol  couldn't do it, brain talked me right out of even attempting  don't know what i'm gonna do  well, with another day comes another <propmale>  here's to the future  hopefully i can surmount my reservations and just do the damn thing  lol!"
"had a great night out with some wild people  havin been to the club in a long time  had fun though  @<propfemale>, thanx for the invite, had a blast  @everyone esle, thanx for being awesome company! we gotta do this another time "
i'm really feelin like goin to applebees to try that southwestern burger  it looks good!
"@work again  oh the boredom  but it felt good not havin to get up early for school, lol  oh yeah, this break is comin along nicely  i'm tryin to enjoy myself for these 6wks  because after that, when 40hr wk clinicals start up  i'll be dead to the world, lol "
"ahhh, work, work, work     kinda feels like that's all i do, lol  well, can't wait to go home    "
"work is already startin off crazy, but that should be e playful ected considering where i work  probably gonna be a long night \\everyone out havin a good time, take a shot for me  wish i could be out havin fun my damn self, but if i don't work then i couldn't afford to go out, lol  laterz!"
"omg, it's gonna be a long night  it's gonna be a very very very long night  damn patients! smh"
"i need to take my ass to sleep, but i'm not really that tired  i must have borderline insomnia, lol    "
"<propmale> mars is aight     not bad, not bad at all "
"oh yeah! one more night to go and then i'm off  imma be loungin! gonna try and enjoy myself tomorrow! now time, while i'm still here, hurry the hell up  i gots to go, lol!"
installed facebook for windows phone
man that travie mccoy and <propmale> mars song is infectious! got me groovin'     
"what’s on your mind?@work, night moving along gradually  gonna be a long day today and i'm so tired  didn't get any sleep, lol  but i had fun for the most part so it was worth it  looking forward to completing some much overdo tasks    "
"hmmm    what to do today? lol, any suggestions    "
ahhhh     gotta do some yard work  oh how troublesome     but gots to do what you gots to do    
just got to work and the night is already goin bad  it's gonna be rough for the next couple months i guess  man this sux!
"work was horrible last night and this morning  i mean a complete and utter mess  not only that, it made me not able to see my brother before he goes back to the army! i was so pissed off today  i don't know what else to say     laterz!"
installed facebook for windows phone
@work and the night is on a steep ass downhill slope  got this pain-in-the-ass client  and a uncooperative co-worker! i really feel like goin home! is a smooth runnin night @work too much to ask!?
"i can't go to sleep, whoah is me     i don't know why     "
just got home from work  one more day to go and i'll have a night off  yeah! now let's see if i'll be more successful at getting some sleep today lol     night shift is hard on a child of the sun (<propfirst>)  how am i suppose to sleep when the sun gives me energy    (superman) lol!
night is halfway done     4 more hours to go and i'm free  oh how sweet the taste of freedom    
"lol, passed out for several hours  now i'm up    "
"stalking the ups truck     waitin for a package  next agenda will be to get my ac hooked up in my car asap! yeah, things are comin along nicely    "
installed facebook for windows phone
"@work, and that's all i can say about it, lol  oh, and that this job is a mess, lol  time to start the countdown     can' wait for morning "
"@work again, back to the grindstone  had a great day though  got my eat on, got my sipp on, and got my ice cream on     all in all, \today was a good day \"" lol! there is nothing like hangin with quality people """
"@work, again, lol     starting to get repetitive, lol  anyways, looks like i'm gonna have a boring night  but i guess if my days continue to be as good as they have been, then i can deal with 4 lame hrs    "
"argh! woke up with a stomach ache and headache     don't know why     kinda passed out last night, lol! hmmm     what should i do today? the world is my oyster, lol  maybe i should work on my car, but then what     hmm     any suggestions    ? lol"
"got my car fixed, now my baby runnin smooth  had to take apart most of the exhaust system to do it, but now she is purrin      no police is gonna pull me over for some noise ordinance bull     lol  feelin good about a job well done "
"back to work again     had a good day though  got my car runnin right, tried some mexican food (pretty good, by the way), and communicated with some good peoples "
"just got home, finally takin advantage of my dental plan  made an appointment for the dentist tomorrow  never had a cavity, so here's to crossing my fingers for the same results     might get some <propfemale>'s later though     smile "
"aight fb, today was a good day  didn't get much sleep, but i got my dentist appointment tomorrow at 2, i should be getting my car parts tomorrow also  as far as today, i got my <propfemale>'s on, yeah (green apple + vanilla custard + vanilla waffers = delicious ) plus got to watch the sunset, see the <propfemale> rise, a planet, and get told off by a frog toad, within the company of good peoples  good day fb good day!"
"got drake's new album via my zune     it's pretty good  not a super fan of the guy, but his album is pretty good  i'm only not a fan because of the stuff comin out of his mouth when he not rappin     but i think it deserves a listen if anyone is on the fence about it  can't wait for em's new album though    "
"had a great night last night     lol, and then i passed out    think my body is tryin to tell me somethin, lol     i was fightin it though     kinda didn't want the night to end     well, here's to more good times  smile "
installed facebook for windows phone
"gotta try to behave myself today and take my ass to sleep, lol  i was way too tired last night at work  not a good thing  hmmm     now what to do, lol  i really can't help the fact my body responds to the sun, lol  must learn discipline     later!!!!"
"rested most of the day, lol  but got to see a lil one dear to me step up and move on to the 5th grade  congratulations jazzy! it really feels good to be there for others, it makes me happy "
installed facebook for windows phone
listenin to em again    this album is gonna be da sh*t! man he a beast!
"happy father's day to all the fathers out there doin that damn thang  it takes a real man to raise a child, and to all the real fathers out there, we appreciate you and all that you do "
bored at work  think it's gonna be a long night  boredom! argh!
"whoah, burnin up right now     just finished my workout  no more procrastination (i hope)! and i got em's new album, yeah! i'm gonna be so sore in the morning, lol  but it's gonna be the good sore, lol (i hope) lol  anywayz fb, wish me luck, everyone have a great night!"
"as usual, bored @work  which again, is a good thing  lol, but unfortunately the only thing keeping my sanity is em's new album, off the chain! other then that, bored to tears  wish i was elsewhere, lol  later fb, i know most of you are sleepin, lol  night shift!"
"jus finish workin out! yeah! i think i might just stick with it this time  feelin good, even though now i'm exhausted, lol  now, i'm gonna stretch and try to relax  one more night of work  crying \oh well, gotta do that damn thing  this makes me feel somewhat good, outside of the dissappointment i had today in regards to my car and her ac "
"had great weekend  <propmale> out with my mom and my grandma, had a blast  my grandma is so funny  then today, saw my classmates (kinda missed them), and got to <propfemale> out with some afterwards  had a blast, got to play in a pool, and ate some great food  it was a great weekend!"
"day ended great, well atleast before i got to work, lol  but i got a <propmale> to <propfemale> with my pic, who i haven't seen for a lil bit so i kinda missed her, and got me some <propfemale>'s  mango + vanilla custard + vanilla waffers = delicious, and + my pic = fun!"
"yard work kicked my butt yesterday  i know i do a lot, but wow  i was so tired, lol  i guess that was my workout for the day, lol  hmmm     might see avatar: the last airbender today  let's see how the day goes "
"well, gotta scrap the plans for avatar, but i might go see knight and day     heard it was pretty good  today is kinda blah now     what to do, lol    "
"can't really sleep, don't know why, lol  hmmm     i don't know, maybe it's time to find something to do     let's see    "
"back to the daily grind, i swear my days go far too quickly  crying \\i can't wait to be heading home    !"
"gonna see avatar: the last air bender today, at the imax! yeah! the imax e playful erience can't be beat  goin to the one in <propfemale> hill, i don't like the tropicana one for some odd reason, lol      everyone have a great weekend! enjoy the holiday if your off! and if you work, try to enjoy the holiday, lol    !"
plans just got smashed! >:-{
guess i'll just have to find something else to do      not happy right now 
"saw knight and day tonight  it was pretty good  had fun! had me some company this time  unlike my \solo\"" adventure when i saw grownups \",c97eefcd9317f4fbb88afd653cf63b62,"uh oh, workin ot, tryin to get that money, lol     got some things i need to take care of  but now i'm still bored, lol  everyone have a safe and enjoyable 4th  happy bbq-in, lol "
"it's gonna be 99 degrees today, 99! gotta get my ac in my car runnin! that's priority numeral uno in my book!"
"i got ac! yes, i just might survive this summer, lol "
"can't sleep, could be because of my late night workout  now i'm up and have nothing to do  i should've worked out earlier, then i would've been tired by now  what to do?"
"now i'm frustrated  ac still not working  tell me, why even take your car to the dealership if they don't even know what they are doing  you'd think it would be pretty easy for them  man, i am so angry right now "
"horrible day fb, horrible day! but my evening was better  got my bicycling on, got my eat on, and a really great friend extended a hand to help me out of my crisis  all-in-all, i can't stay mad  let's hope my clinicals in the morning run smoothly  gn fb, everyone have a great night, i'll be workin  crying "
"well, 1st day back at clinicals and i'm not dead yet  actually pretty proud of myself  i haven't forgotten much  smile  (whispers, i'm a genius, lol) now i just need to find out the status of my baby (my car, lol)  she better be ready  dealership did me dirty yesterday  well, here's to hoping everything goes well     everyone stay cool okay, and becareful with this heat  it's nothing to be messin with! laterz!"
"i'm at work  crying \didn't get an ounce of sleep  went immediately from clinicals to dealership  picked up my car, got some possible bad news, but my ac works! that's right, you heard it  my ac works, i am so happy  my baby (my car, lol) is back  not as cold as the newer cars, but i am comfortable  well, i have clinicals right after  work again  don't know whhat kind of energy i'm runnin on, but i'm still makin it, lol!"
"back at clinicals, had a long night at work too  pain in the butt clients  hopefully i can make it home okay     i have a feeling it's gonna be a long day "
"clinicals almost done for the day, i can doit (make it that is, lol ) just a couple more hours and i'm home free    "
"@clinicals, gettin kinda tired (seeing as i only got 2hrs of sleep between today and tuesday), can't wait for the weekend  i'm off! 2 1 2hrs left in clinicals and i work tonight; then i'm off     yes! maybe i'll go bike riding or something, lol     any suggestions   ?  wink "
"might check out predators today, hopefully    maybe the 12:45 showing  hmm    let's see how this day pans out   "
"well, it's back to my hellish schedule  clinicals in the morning and work at night; with only 4 1 2hrs inbetween to run errands, workout, eat, and sleep (not neccessarily in that order, lol )\\whoah is me, but self-improvement takes some sacrifice     later fb!\\everyone have a great day, and wish me luck  smile "
"clinicals goin okay i guess  can't wait to get home though, so i can relax (for 4hrs) hmmm, but there are some things i need to buy     uh oh    "
"no clinicals in the morning, yeah! was about to start losin it  i'm just tired  at least i can clean my room, haven't had the time during the week    "
"today was, for the most part, a good day  got some sleep, questionable on how many hours i might have gotten, lol  but after that, i played some videogames with some good peoples online, and then went to a bbq (which the food was slammin by the way) and they had a pool  and i can never turn down a pool, so i jumped in even though i wasn't exactly dressed for a pool, lol  all-in-all, not a bad day  now i'm at work  crying "
"well fb, looks like i got a positive on sleep apnea  sad \but, at least now i know and am doing something about it \on a brighter note, saw eclipse last night with my pic  the movie was actually not bad, better then the 2nd one  and i committed to my workout before i went to sleep  doin good fb   smile \well gotta go @clinicals  wink "
"looks like it's gonna be another one of those fb  one of those long nights @work  crying \then got college in the am  kinda happy to go and see my classmates again  smile  missed them, but then we have to take a test  not exactly lookin forward to that, lol  anywayz, back to the grindstone fb, everyone have a wonderful night  smile "
"the sorceror's apprentice was pretty good  today was kinda blah, had a hard ass test that sucked  and work in the am sucked  so right now i'm gonna try and take a nap before my workout and when i have to go to work  let's keep it movin fb; left, right, left, right, left, forward march      lol!"
"@work, somewhat rested  took a nap and then did my workout  my plans kinda backfired on me  used the ab wheel yesterday, and then when i did my ab workout today, they were killin me  but i guess that's a good thing  so, what up fb? i'm feelin kinda good  let's see how this night pans out; then i have clinicals in the morning  crying "
"@clinicals, dancing around in my head fb  that's not a good thing for me, i'm suppose to occupy my mind as little as possible  it's a very dangerous place, full of over-analyzing and the sorts  help! oh, and i'm still sore, lol     ow! can't laugh, lol (a less enthused, lol)"
"well fb, upon the recommendation of some concerned family and friends, i gave my body a much needed break  no workout tonight, not even one pushup, lol  still, sore everywhere though, lol  but i think it's the good sore  wink \on another note, back to the grindstone, lol     @work, hopefully the night goes quickly  anyway, i will be up, so anyone wanna tag me up, feel free to do so  wink "
"that was an awesome; monsoon, hurricane, tornado we had today  was stuck at bj's when it happened  saw the whole thing buggin out with my peoples and this nice lady from verizon  i didn't kick verizon's back in as hard as i normally do, because she was nice  well, back to the grindstone tomorrow  clinicals first and then work "
"aight fb, home sweet home, lol     now what to do with the little time i have, lol  feelin like gettin some <propfemale>'s though  smile "
"okay fb, work night is already startin off rough! hopefully it smoothes itself out  on the other hand     i don't know, sometimes i'm just confused     oh well, guess i don't feel like sharing this one, lol "
"don't know what it is fb, but every so often the ol'ticker gets a lil perturbed  just sometimes i guess i miss all the lil things like; a kiss here, a hug there, a random call to see what i'm doin, a smile because i'm here     all those things that usually get taken for granted are the simple things i miss  and whilst i do get some solace from the friendships i've created, sometimes there's jus a lil piece missing "
"@clinicals     day is going by, not faast, but not slow either  it's just goin  gotta busy day after clinicals, and i'm tired     well, gotta do what i gotta do     "
"what up fb!? @work again as usual, and definitely wishin i was doin something else (as usual, lol ) woke up tonight for work kinda confused     guess i gotta become more dissciplined and use my time to the fullest and most beneficial  that means i need to sleep for that lil bit of time i have between clinicals and work  no more playing lol  i think my body gave me a warning today  so i gotta be good  wish me luck  smile "
"had a good today fb  done with my sleep study for now  saw \despicable me\"" with a great friend and some crazy childrens  wink \",c97eefcd9317f4fbb88afd653cf63b62,"had a good day today  had lots of fun in the am, then took one of my best friends lil ones to the national dance day celebration over at dixon dance academy and had  some fun  then had lunch and goofed off for the rest of the day until i passed out, lol  yup, today was a good day  smile \now i'm at work, havin a crazy night, but it won't get me down  coolin fb, lol, can't stop, won't stop!"
"had an interresting night yesterday fb  my love horoscope was creepily on point  kinda scary and exciting at the same time  i have an interresting future ahead  smile \also saw halloween 2 and ummmm, yeah he was just mirkin people without prejudice, lol  kinda looking forward to find out where this new path i'm on is going to take me  smile "
"what's up fb, hadn't been on in a couple of days  kinda been pre-occupied in a good way  it's funny how things turn out, and i'm liking it  lol, i'm liking it a lot  smile \well fb, wish me luck on my new endeavor  i know i can't wait to see how things develop  smile "
installed facebook for windows phone
"not feelin to good right now fb  kinda feels like there's a one ton elephant on my chest right now  not liking how i'm feelin right now  brain is a mess, i just don't get it!"
"what's up fb, sorry for that momentary lapse in thought processes  but now i'm back, and happy being just me  clinicals is goin pretty okay  can't wait for the day to be over, sadly i do work tonight  anywayz, hope everyone has a great day, take care! i'm out!"
"well fb, knew this day was coming  last day of clinicals  at first i couldn't wait for this day to reach  kinda sad and happy at the same time  sad to be leaving, but happy to know they really cared about us   i'm going to miss everyone at my site  there are some very special stand outs that i will definitely miss  but i hated to be leaving it was an awesome site full of wonderful people  i love living life!"
"argh! feelin mad lazy today    and i have to work tonight     really feel like callin out! but i must behave myself  it's just that my vacation starts tomorrow! broke vacation that is, lol  well, let's see if i can at least get motivated to check on my car     been neglecting a nagging issue with my baby  hmmm    "
"had a blast yesterday  went to see my grandma, she is so adorable  i love her so much  then <propmale> with some really cool people at the pier in ny  it was pretty cool, watched a movie in a park on a big inflatable screen, then chilled and had drinks afterwards  cool as day     and i got home after 5 in the morning, good sh*t!"
"chillen, chillen, and chillen  oh me oh my    "
"well, back from lake apsagami  had mad fun, jus chillen, then swimmin, and then more chillen, lol  this vacation is turnin out to be not that bad  now there are some things i have to take care of  but all in all, doin well  sadly, and happily, i have class bright and early tomorrow  uh oh!"
"uh oh fb, i've stepped in it this time  picked an online course assuming that it will be easier  i am and will be sorrilly mistaken  oh well, gotta man up and do what i have to do  gotta just do it     (sighs deeply)"
goin to wildwood to check out the bike show  man i want a bike so bad!
"first night back and i'm already irritated  oh well, why complain, pays the bills  hmmm on to something else fb  school year is starting off okay, let's see how it pans out  being as optimistic as i can  time to pick my head up and keep it held hi! let's do this!"
"got my halo: reach legendary edition, yeah! time to get it in!"
"work, work, work; school, school, school; work, school, work; school, work, school     omg  it's kind of funny, with all this self improvement, i've kinda lost time for myself, lol  (sigh's heavily) gotta get my grind on    "
installed facebook for windows phone
"@chilli's wit my good peoples, bout to get my good eats on!  sad  don't want to go to work tonight    "
"had a wonderful day today fb  having great friends and great people in your life just makes it greater  wink \just, really had a nice day     thanx to everyone that made my day \great \"""""
"very interesting day today fb  got to say somethings i've been meaning to say, and recognized how powerful the english language can be  words can really move mountains  always value what u say fb, stand by and mean what u say  and you'll have no regrets "
"can't believe fb  gonna have a long and rough night  not cool! not happy with english assignment grade, and had a big test today! think i did okay, hopefully  feelin the weight of things fb "
"clinicals today     oh boy, then gotta work on my english assignment and have to review for my test tomorrow  let's hope the day goes smoothly fb  everyone have a wonderful day, later!"
"@dmv, and they've gotten slower  argh!"
"almost done work! yeah! hmmm, now what to do"
"@work now, been battling a cold for almost a week now  i think i'm on the better half of it now  smile \been doing good in school too fb  gettin as on everything, except for english  sad  been gettin mostly bs  but i guess i'll take'em and try harder  smile "
"i need to make a change fb  gotta discipline myself more  my body is sending me warning signs about my lack of sleep  i gotta do better  can't hurt myself or the people close and dear to me  i need to be around for a very long time  gotta do better! will do better! aight, motivation is at 100%  i know i can do this!"
"ahhhh, blah, blah, blah, and blah  hmmm, and blah! nothing else to say really  playful "
yeah! eminem was crowned #1 on the greatest mc's list for 2010  much deserved!
"i can't stand dishonest people fb  i've been taken to the cleaners by a thief  someone stole my ez-pass and it has now blew up my account  and now i'm stuck with the <propmale>  it's not right fb  i swear, life is tough when you are a nice person  well, i won't let this bother me too long  time to find a solution to this mess and get the ball rolling!"
been thinkin about it for a while now fb  this political mess  we really need to make sure we go out and vote on tuesday  not to be fear-mongering but things can get worse  that whole idea that you don't like any of the candidates so your not gonna vote is a load of crap  just go out and vote  be accounted for!
"ordering me some domino's! yeah, let's get it!  love  luv me some domino's!"
"tired and exhausted fb  and i'm so tired of bein tired  clinicals in the morning, joy! (can u sense the sarcasm) oh well, gotta do what i gotta do  gotta keep pushin on fb  everyone, enjoy your night "
"movie day today fb, rockin it solo  but i'll be alright  enjoy your weekend everybody! laterz!"
"thinkin, thinkin, thinkin, and more thinkin  sometimes my own mind can be my own worst enemy  thinkin, thinkin, and thinkin     to be continued fb    "
"oh boredom fb, really don't feel like bein here  oh well     need a break fb, from all the madness    "
happy turkey day everyone! be safe and enjoy yourselves!
"to everyone that contacts me via my cell phone, it's actin up again, so i might not be able to respond to your texts or answer calls  i'm tryin my hardest not to break this phone  sprint really needs to hurry up and get those new windows 7 phones out so i can buy one  i don't know how much more of this i can take!"
change your profile pic 2 a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till mon dec 6th join the fight against child abuse!!! copy & paste    
yes! my favorite motorcycle brand is not down for the count! happy days!
installed facebook for windows phone
"fb, really excited  bought my new car, sadly i don't physically have it yet, but i can't wait! it's a beautiful car too  will be posting pics as soon as i get it  yeah, so excited! it's time i start taking care of myself, and doing more for myself! let's do this!\in the words of a good friend, \never settle!\"""""
"i'm really starting to dislike politics  look what those selfish, self-centered, egotistical, non-patriotic hypocrites are doing  instead of focusing on job creation, they are trying to repeal the healthcare <propmale>  the  same <propmale> that protects children from being denied hc for pre-existing conditions   "
"wow, it feels good to have \real time with <propmale> maher\"" back  i need my daily dose of reality and competant discussions  it is reassuring that i'm not the only one with all these \""wtf\"" moments when it comes to republicans and politics   laugh \",c97eefcd9317f4fbb88afd653cf63b62,"yeah, i can't be beat, i dare anyone to beat my solitaire score     anyone!"
"come on, let's see who's good at solitaire  oh and by the way, there's a 5min timer, so do try your best and do it quickly     let's go!"
"oh, the unpredictability of life    "
"you can't live your life for the sake of others, because in all actuality, are you really living your life  not everything is gonna make sense, not everytime your gonna know if you're doing the right thing, you might hurt others, you might bring them happiness; but if they love you, then they will understand  you come in alone, and leave alone, but the relationships we make with others help us enjoy our time here  smile "
"great day today chillin wit my radiology crew  we wild out, ate well, and had fun  and we all made it back safely, i'd chill wit them anytime anywhere! we all crew  wink \thanx for the great day\\p s  that includes our great teachers  laugh \yall crew too  wink "
"hmmm     bored, bored, bored, and bored     @docs, don't see much entertainment happening later today  oh well, i'll just chill then    "
"uh-oh, time to start workin out and takin better care of myself  not liking the <propfirst> at the doc office  sad \time to shape up!"
installed facebook for windows phone
"one more night of work, then the weekend off  i'm gonna relax, kick my feet up, and jus chill  gotta try and get some things in order (in time) over this weekend  everyone have a nice night, take care and be safe  smile "
loving this internet e playful lorer 9 with the hardware acceleration for webpages they really are comin up fast and look far more impressive     
"you know what fb, i was gonna delete my myspace account today, but i didn't  it still has it's usefullness with music and videos     so i'm gonna keep it  laugh \that's the revelation i came too, lol!"
happy <propfirst>'s day to everyone  laugh 
"friends make life that more bearable, especially the sincere and important ones "
"i really don't like republicans stance on what's best for the country! how is cutting the budget for nutrition for low birth weight babys gonna hurt this country!? sick and tired of how they think, oh and let's not forget they want to cut the education budget too! seriously!?"
"good day fb, good day     saw two pretty good movies, and <propmale> wit my roll-dawg <propmale> and her bestie  it was pretty chill  wink \well, back to work, not gonna let that bring me down, lol  wink "
"tired, so tired  4 more months to go  tryin to not lose sight of the light at the end of this very long and arduous tunnel      everyone have a great night and sleep well  smile \i'll be at work, stayin on my grind     8hr clinicals in the morning     oh well, gotta do what u gotta do  wink "
"got my evo, couldn't take my phone anymore, it was so busted  had to stop myself from break-in it! let's hope this phone does me better"
"i'm so terribly impulsive     just ordered insanity beachbody 60 day workout dvd's  well, gonna do it  no excuses!"
"first day of spring break and no work! yeah, time to relax, chill, and recuperate my energy  especially since monday i start the insanity workout dvd's  it's gonna be insane! let me get some crazy drive music!"
"time to give blood, we must all do our part    "
"omg, there's more, i gotta break this up into two sessions  know when to push and when to take a break, lol    omg!"
"i guess this ass beating i'm taking is going to be a daily occurence    it's named \insanity\"" for nothing omg!"""
"re-quote: <propfirst> s  hue\ whatever you give a woman, she will make greater  if you give her sperm, she will give you a baby  if you give her a house, she'll give you a home  give her groceries, she'll give you a meal  give her a smile, she'll give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges whatever is given to her  so, if you give her any crap ~ be ready to receive a ton of shit \"",2011-03-19 15 smile 2:10""",c97eefcd9317f4fbb88afd653cf63b62,"stuck in philly, and not for the good reasons, dumb job     so much trouble    "
"so tired, gotta push through     gonna try and sleep real good after work today  so exhausted    "
real time with <propmale> maher was great     <propfirst> cohen and <propfirst> sanders were great guests  great show!
