9753045bf3de9c4165f4f67c617f0b3b
whoa   i need to update this thing   so don't know my way around here   been myspacing too long  lol
aww it was good to see everyone last nite!!!  so who's got the group pic tho  i sooo want one!!!!  lol   
"lmfao   dumb gurls just gotta jump into my life, and now with my families lives    that's when i step in and say something   glad u recognize tho  haha"
"my babez just got his first bloody nose   we cried together   i don't like feeling helpless when my baby is crying cuz he got hurt, he's my heart!"
i swear i go through <propmale>'s clothes every month and it's so sad to get rid of his cute old clothes  lol   i cant believe my baby is a toddler!!!
chilling at v's   finally tryin to move past the drama everyone creates just cuz they see us together   funny shit!!! luvs it!!!
"today was a beautiful day on the flathead rez   plus me, tyty, and <propfemale> went on walk  made my sis too   lol"
"had a great mornin    mmhhhhmmmmm   lol, glad all my boyz are back in my life and i can have my man too, this could work lol"
geez i soooo thought we were dunzo with the snow   ugh   lol   i'm goin back to bed then  lol
awww i'm startin to realize that he better realize how much i care for him since im dealin with the law that i try to avoid at all times  hes an awesome man tho lol
i luv today!!! lol   guna have a good one just cruzin and luvn it!! woo hoo!! haha
sitting wishing waiting hoping    can't wait to see my lil man dance his lil moccasins off tomorrow!! luvs him
"ugh   tired, tired, tired, but these dreams i've been havin are crazy!!!  too much on my lil mind probably! lol   so glad i'm a strong woman and can do everything on my own!!"
"i'm soooo in love with my son, he amazes me everystep of the way every single day!!! hes da bestest!!  i'm okay with my decision but having to stand alone can be tough sometimes, at least i have a family that will be here for me to make me feel better!! thankful beyond words"
"i want nothing more for my godson <propfirst> than for him to have his mommy til hes grown  my sis in law needs prayers for strength, we just cant lose her!!"
i could really use a wish right now  wish right now    *lyn*ern*aust*alex*
"headn to pabz frm zoo, these last couple days hav been tough so im tougher!! <propfemale> needs prayers for her kidneys, thats all i wish n hope for!!"
"yay    she's soooo strong and the news is slowly gettn better!!!  i just want to hear her her laugh, <propfemale> has such an amazing laugh!! lol   *<propfemale>*ern*aust*alex*"
"seeing my dad and aust and ern tonite in that hallway made me realize i better brace myself for whats to come   lord please, we need that miracle, because i'm starting to lose my faith, hope, but not my love!! or my memories   sooooo empty-like!!!"
"im soooo freaking happy!!!!  omg   <propfemale> is our miracle!!!  isn't it funny how when you give up hope and feel so helpless, god steps in and gave us our <propfemale> back!!! thanks for all the prayers for <propfemale>, now we need prayers for a speedy recovery!!! <propfemale>s the strongest person i know!~ true fighter!! luv my sis!!!"
so i guess im jus guna follow my heart in this one   lol   its lead me wrong before  but this time    hmmm i jus dont worry lol
"ugh, cant stand how it seems nothing changes but my ruthlessness, i think i get colder and heartlss once i see just how awful l i f e can be, i need a <propfemale> disposition to kick in!!!"
"awww   it makes me wanna cry when i look @ my sons swollen head and eyes, @ least he can open his eye now!! im glad i have such a good intuition  even tho psychos who dont kno anything about kids says im paranoid its glad i know im right!! haha"
"sitting in msla at the hospital   wished i could go back in time  i just want my sis inlaw to be healthy again, just like when i was a lil girl and she was always so crazy and full of energy, laughing constantly    lord please   i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now!!! *lyn*ern*aust*alex*"
"ugh   my phone   lol, no charger and no contact with anyone   oh wells i guess  breaktime   but i really just wanna sip and <propfirst>!! uhhh ohhh"
"missin that one   and the one, lol, but i know it will all work out how its meant to be!! yay im so excited to see the next chapter cuz im over this one, oh and fyi in the next chapter <propfemale> is better, soooo prayers plz, cuz their workin!!!"
"my son and i are havin a heart to heart in the middle of the nite lol, hes the bestest babyman in this world and has really changed me into someone im proud to be! luv my son and being a mommy!!"
"already missing my family as it was     thanks for all the prayers for those that did, means a lot to us   and now just prayers for my brother and my nephews, and that <propfemale> has a safe journey home!  rip <propfemale> moran!!"
my head hurts something bad but it stems from the brokeness of mine and my families hearts i luv u <propfemale> moran
"ugh   im finally coming out of the shell ive put around me   im alive and i will do my best to be the best mommy just like <propfemale>   whew   one of the worst weeks ever  thanx sharinda, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, n grace   u guys helpd me thru ur words luv u guys!!"
i luv my family and closest friends   glad to get rid of those people i see cud careless bout me  good riddance bitches lol   luv this life 
"somedays are good n somedays are bad, hate these days cuz i wished more than anything things were different   luv my family and i cant seem to get over this sadness   "
"mmmm had an awesome dinner with my dads old boss (before dad became theboss) lol frm portland n it makes me wanna move thers  good to them, theirlike grandparents   now me n <propmale> watchn upside down show   luv hims my heart!!"
"up n att em early   lol   jealous of who my moms gets to c allday   lol   be still my little heart lol, tytys soooo not budging yet   he luvs sleepn in  lol"
camping   luvs sleepn wit fresh air blowin thru my hair lol   well thru the motorhome that is   luvs my sun sun cuz he luvs me so much hes squezzd next to me on a cushion barely big enuf to fit my ass haha
"everytime i see my son, the world makes sense, i luv workn but i miss him sooo much <propfemale> i hav to work doubles, wheres my sugar daddy, & not like the lastons, i want one i actually like haha"
"just wished i didnt hav this flu, my poor belly, and i hate not having ty ty next to me, cant sleep without my munchkin"
"okay, over being sick n over this couch, but im likin losin the lbs cuz i cant eat lol, ugh work tomoro, shud i feed ppl <propfemale> im this sick? lol can viruses transfer to foodplates?"
"ugh im so over this flu    i jus wanna eat, layn on the couch watchn my fam barbeque, not cool, but the hail was awesome   been yrs!"
"just watchd kort n kloe in miami   n i dont see y its hard for women to leave   i always do  at the exact moment i wont accept bullshit, it only hurts a week @ most lol   then its, on2thanext1"
hmmm   so shud i just go for it   cuz im thinkn those lips look irresistable lol   mmmhhmm
that one    thats pretty much all thats on my mind lol
yup yup   i knew i would luv this feeling   uh oh!! lol   
mmhhmmmm   luvn this life   now off boating   ugh its bad cuz i think bout him   ugh gotta stay focused lol  
jus bein next to him is amazing    hes the most beautiful man alive   
"whoa lol    i think it was the shooting <propfemale> we both got to see   luv makn these memories, scaredjusalilbit"
"how can one day be sooo good than the next be icky, ugh, my hearts sad today   the thing i hate most about losing people close to heart is the days u really wanna see them or talk to them n u cant, oh but i cud almost hear what u wud tell me lol : } gunamissourtalks tilwemeetagain"
hes about all thats on my mind n hes right here   lol   mmmhmm
"k so ive made all the bestest choices, but now im left with sum more lol    but so far im finally luvn life   n everyones that come into it   stoked! n i luvs this perfect time n place"
"yay, on r way to shoot, luvs it, but this fall has been the best, well besides sum messd up decisions ill never let go but my hearts finally happy"
monday    enough said  
y is it jus bein here is the best feeling in the world? never felt this but i like its consistency lol
"awww   luv watchn him w  his bff who jus got bak but i miss  ashlee like crazy!!!  sad  gotta luv his smile tho, it will get me thru lol"
"lastnite was nice   jus like everynite i guess   we need new hobbies lol   i cant wait for him to get bak so eat,cuddle,sleep"
"so much for the sleep    lol  @ least i got breakfast lol   bein the third wheel w  him n his bestie, wheres my girl time? lol"
"xcitd for this wkend   first time in a looonnngg time, everything is the perfect fit, jus <propfemale> i became cynical lol"
"moody nite lasnite lol   but i guess thats wats bound to happen <propfemale> we hav been together all the time   but outa the last month, only one pissy moment, thats sweet   but afterwards its the bestest lol   yup yup"
"lmao   had a great nite, besides lack of fundage lol, it was either work or stay in bed w  sexy, well duh lol   livn off luv n enjoyin pizza hut in bed, this is y wer inseperable mmmhhmm yummy"
"glad to say good riddance summer 2010  luvn my fall time tho    lol, gotta luv these best moments of my life after the shittiest summer <propfemale>"
"so apparently ppl luv to make up rumors when their wondering what im really doing, crazy the stories i hear bout my life   lol what u kno bout that"
havn an awesome nite    mmmm homecookd food   the bestest!! had a blah day but now    mmm  holdn it in as we speak   luv this life
"yay, were havn an awesome day   but just wishd every day cud be this good lol"
"so loss is somthing u never lose    we will always <propfemale> our luvd ones n hate the day we lost them, sooo dont understand  life or death    ugh"
"layn on couch watchn movie   the <propfemale> went bak to sleep lol hes so crabby w out good sleep, im starvin, cravn sum banana peppers n hot dog lol"
"layn down while lilchuck naps lol, boys r gone n i get a lil bit of mandy time then off to msla!!"
"yay i got to see my ash tonite, needed a hug from my bestie, its horrible i needed gas money jus so we cud meet ash   hate money n need a job or a hustle of sum kind"
relaxn watchn movie while boys get things ready for trip   yay im happy to hav a change of scenery
geez im so ready for a change   god plz answer my prayers   cant struggle like this nemore   need to focus on me
"havn an awesome day w  hottie, surprised we havnt argued lol 24 7 w  sumone can b stressful, but we glide thru    gets to see my babyman!!"
i hate apologies yet ive never apologized more in my life   lookn to my future tho cuz my past has been good but the futures guna define me
ugh over dumb ppl who just cant realize their problems yet have time to sit around pointing out others
i don't really feel like letting any assholes ruining this beautiful day   lmao   so i know it's guna be a gooood one!!! lol
"layn in bed w  the handsomest native boy ever   myty ty lol, he just crashd n im still wide awake   ugh bein a good girl is boring lol"
ugh i soooo wished my itunes workd!!! i need new cd's burned    n i hav no idea how to go about fixin it   hmmm  jus go watch kardashians i guess lol
happy birthday madre!!!! thanks for bringin me into this crazy world and enduring these past 30   (no i'm not 30 yet!!!!) years as the best mommy i cud ever ask for    even if!! lol  jokes luv u audrianne moran!!!
enjoyin this cloudy day   lol  especially when the people in it make me happy!!!
"mmm   nothin like sum <propmale> harper in the morning    lol   luv his voice   but i wishd there was a beach outside, not the brush of <propmale> lol    "
"ive realized ive made some bad choices, done things i shouldnt have, hurt people i care the most about, @ the same time though, my honesty still stands almost as tall as my pride, and at this point in my life, i wont make promises anymore, im going to prove to my doubters how good of a person i can be   and \actions speak louder than words!!!!\"""""
yay   my bestie ash is coming home today!!!! can't wait to see her and <propmale> and ky lol!!!
"m i a  and off the rez i go      smile  oh but ash, as soon as u touch base call lol"
had a good weekend just chilling with my handsome son tyty   n thankful ash came to town   miss my sanity when she's gone lol
"i hate it when ppl flip out on me,even worse when i didnt do anything to deserve their psycho-ness lol ugh sometimes i wishd i could disappear  sad "
finally feelin a lil better lol   guna veg out w  the fam!!
if it makes you happy    it can't be that bad!!!
"i sooooo need a new phone, so if i'm m i a  u kno where i can be found  lol   and as for this legal system, how can no one at that courthouse know whats really going on   ugh  double jeopardy"
"cant sleep   got something on my mind   ugh lol, tytys snoring away n i wishd my phone wud ring lol"
layn next to my baby realizing hes a toddler   i want a newborn agn  smile 
okay one down   one more to go   ugh i hate seeing so many people in uniform in one day!!
geez already accomplished all i had set out to do today in one stop on one trip  nice!! lol  laundry time   ugh!!
finger crossed    plz plz pretty plz    !!!
"i wonder why i can't just be honest with my self about things, and the things i wished i could say   i would just say them!!! ugh lol  but as for everything else   at least it's all perfection!! lol  guna be a good weekend!!  smile "
"friday nite and i'm chilln with babyman   he's such a sweetie, but i sure as hell wanna do something tonite   im feeling in the mood lol"
chilln in bed w  sum yummy hot chocolate!! mmmm n watchn a movie   being a good girl gets boring lol   but worth knowin i'm stayin out of trouble   just lonely  sad 
at home realizing a lot about people and who is really there for me and who just uses me for their benefit   fukkemall
"up n at em since six   like whoa, teach me to go to bed before 7 lol, ive realized im over tryin w  people cuz they do nothing but make me learn to hate!! fukluv lol"
yay    my music is workn on itunes finally!!!!  now i gotta make a badass cd so i can go on a c&b cuz lord knows i need it!!  broken hearted   as always   grandparents just luv to steal the luvofmylife!!! and then i end up lonely and sad w out him~~ lol
yah    i'm realizing what i really want   had a great cruise!!  smile  now chilln w  my babyboy!
ugh court   n if things dont seem better afterwards   then fukitol   over this
"i know what it is that i want, now it's just going about getting them, and in the exact way i want them!! lol"
k this is the most irritating thing    i guess my only choice left is just get back whats mine right now then    
"glad i got see you one last time last wedns  first time in a long time ended up being the last   & to kno that old drama does end, my heart breaks for the kiddos but most of all cuz its so wierd knowing your someone i'll never see again      sad "
"hmmm    to follow my heart   yupyup stem a'spus   happybday onna, i remember the day you were born and i got to hold you 2nd   im such a proud auntie!"
"felt horrible saying my final goodbye then having to go to anger management (lol) and walking by where i last seen you    rest easy, thanx for the memories   sum of my fave stories lol craziness!!!"
in a better mind frame today   like whoa!   but now jus realizn i quess i can't try to pretend w  ones that know me so well  they jus get the game i'm playn  hmmm   happy girl!!!
"geez, we gotta carve those pumpkins today   papa keeps buyn em and none are carved   ugh n a i guess meemee wins, <propmale> will be a cowboy   i really wanted a boxer, next yr i guess   lol"
lmao   wow that relieved sum stress   haha
"its been an e playful erience   n ive enjoyed it, just rolln wherever the wind takes me    good times  smile "
the rain feels perfect    
had an awesome day shoppin    cept pickn stuff out for my niece sky n my great nephew bummd me out cuz i totally want another baby!!
"ahhhh   my beds never felt sooo good, thats wat i get for stayn out til 7 this morn lol   too old   time to get serious haha"
i think <propmale><propmale>'s hugs are the bestest medicine!!!  i asked if he was mommy's baby <propmale>? no toddler <propmale>?  no mommy's lil man! he's sooooo cute!!!
"bakin sum pumpkin spice cookies but after this, my dad's eating only healthy!!  whippn him back in shape!! cuz i just hearts him sooo much"
"tyty got a new horse, not alive, but it sounds like it   and he's scared to death, runs to the room at the other end of house and slams door shut!  lol  gotta get him not so scaredy cat-ish lol"
had a good day w  all my favorite people in it somewhere through out the day!! lol  but my lil tyty is the main one who makes me feel like a million bucks   but geez chasing him around the bleachers at the game   not so kewl  lol
yes!!!  the bestest day   now finally relaxin eatn sum bubblegum ice cream frm the cove and watchn mean girls   havn't seen it in forever!!  mmm  n mexican food is on it's way home!!
the tragedy of life is what dies inside us while we live 
"just luv chillin n listenin to music while tyty finally naps,    geez he's a stubborn lil guy! lol"
finally got a phone that works   but its takn forever to figure out    luvs how cute it is tho   oh yah and yay bobcats
today was a good day cuz tyty was the happiest lilman   he played basketball all day tho   lol can't wait until spring already    ugh snow
those roads suck    everywhere!!!  i actually had to pay attention and use both hands   
using this touchscreen with gloves is not possible   ugh its too cold 
so far 2010 has been the worst so of course thanksgiving sucks too   ugh really   
yah   so not the way i wanted my friday night   stuck in a snowy ditch    brrrr   and it totally brought flashbacks of hwy93 wreck  ugh   where's my towtruck
yum i finally get to eat leftovers   then nap time w  tyty he's such my lil heart  the only true love and happiness i've ever felt
really   my back again    ugh this is lame    
i knew with my family history and with the way i treat my body that i would eventually have to care   but im not even 30   
geez tys only 2 and he kicks my butt at basketball and golf    he better realize he best pretend to lose at golf to make mommy happy lol
"lmao   i think its ironic when people criticize others on here   talk shit   etc  when in all reality, they look stupid for even saying anything   lol"
"well    today calmed my mind a bit    at least we caught all of this early enough, maybe i won't have to get as bad as my mom and aunties!!!"
much better   i guess not following my morning routine wasn't smart   lol    
well i'm still super full    good dinner meimei !! i just love my family so much!! now some me-time lol
omg   just watched teen mom on dvr and isaiahs family is the worst <propfemale>  supportive family ever  especially being that their all women  hateful women
awww i love my adorable baby boy     he amazes me every day    my heart
yay     half way done beading tyty s <propfirst> emblem     made today go by fast    mmm    now some a&w  smile 
&& i  love  my life today cuz i'm reminded of what's really important    my son son  love 
finally watching eat pray love     and <propfemale> is just snoring away she's so cute   my bebegirl is 10 in human yrs but acts like a spoiled pup still
i havnt eaten all day so dad picked us up mcdonald's    all i wanted was a <propfemale> pie   they were out   but mmmmm   holiday pie is awesome!!!
can't sleep   i was ill all day and now that i feel better i'm amped lol i guess ill bead until i crash
"i feel extremely content today   tyty just crashed out and time for me to get beautified for <propfirst>'s game, just in case t l o m l  is there  love  lol"
awww  alex did a great job   nice 3 pointer after stealing the ball!!! proud god mommy  auntie now time for msla!!  & still lookn 4 t l o m l 
debating on staying up until 3 just to watch eclipse    wished i lived in msla i'd just go buy it now   lol i'm sooo excited to see what happens     team <propfirst>
woah   super lazy today   shouldn't have stayed up all night   && i switch to team <propmale> lol   
yay i love lazy days    made some oatmeal for faja and ty ty and i'm craving a big juicy cheeseburger   lol   then a nice hot bath!!
&& my lil hearts sad again   
there's not a lot of people who truly have good intentions with everything they do   people who are truly good people are rare to find   much  love  <propfirst>  sad 
&& he makes everything better   everything    love  myty
mmmmm trail mix with raspberries is the shitt!!! i luvs it!!
lmao   cranberries   
went and got ty ty and he says   mom i want hamburger  hamburger fries and chocolate milk    lol   and i don't have the heart to say no    lol   
roads are horrible   black ice scariest thing ever    omg   right where we wrecked   ugh thank god for answering my prayers!!
aww   the best thing is watching my dad tell me a story about ty ty   his eyes light up with love and admiration   
ugh  sometimes peoples words hurt me sooo badly  especially when they come from family  i guess i don't have anyone around this rez  let's go <propmale>!! hatemigraines
 love  live && let live  love   * shake me down*   not alota ppl left around*in my past bittersweet   tasted blood ;broken dreams lonely times indeed*even <propfemale> cloudyday
yay    get a mini vacation   lol  need a break from this time & place     mmm and good food!!
fresh out of pool   ty ty had so much fun swimming   his happiness and joy on his face during this trip gives me a better outlook on life   thanx baby boy  love 
what a good weekend    wished they could all be like this one lol    i  love  my ty   he's the bestest !!!
"i wished i lived in a big city where when i go to store and gas station i don't see anyone i recognize  i miss that feeling    here i'm like \ugh their in here\"""""
i couldn't sleep all night   i'm so excited for my daddy   another half hour and he will have one of the biggest  stories of his life   i want a pic of them!!!
awww    tyty used the big potty     yay   now to get packed for a weekend gateway!! luvn life w  my boy
travel prayers for my dad plz    coming back from d c  after attending the second ever tribal nations mtg w  president obama  very proud of u faja!!!  love 
swam all night and all morning   now for some yummy food    brrrrrrr outside
not only was it awesome to have my family all wknd in this suite   but it felt great never having to worry about time  in fact   were all still up!  love 
mmmmm   a lil taste of pure bliss    love  *my*monday
on my way to get my lil man   yay!! he cheers me up lol   but ugh my gas lights come on 3 times today   hate being broke   
ugh court    n i forgot bout construction    yah i'm late
"i guess i knew court wouldn't go good on today       love  azeria faith, luv u my heart, and that's where u should stay  love "
oh my gosh    so much wrapping to do    later lol
picked <propmale> up and he says    i wanna see alex   yesterday it was colecash  as <propmale> calls him  he must be missing his cousins  love 
up w  a sick lil man   just out of e r  and he's at least keeping things down now   *fingers crossed*
mmmm   finally eating madres indian taco  what a good christmas <propfemale>  tyty opened his first present <propfemale>r on his own  he's getting so big  thanx auntie lene n fam
<propfemale> christmas everyone   i feel blessed and wish everyone a good day w  loved ones!!
sick       n i hate it     
"on my way to get babyman n mcdonald's, then back to couch   i'm still illin  sad "
i sooo want to follow my heart   it misses him   but my pride always keeps me out of trouble lol
i thought this was a two day flu   i don't think i can take this
anyone want two dogs   now  i can't stand lookn at them cuz they chewed ty tys horses up!! ugh  
lmao   i wished i only had brothers    their all awesome caring people   so is lene tho  thanx to the family that has been there!!
went to bed at nine hoping to sleep off this illness    but seriously i'm sick   i havnt ate since xmas   what's the longest anyone's had this flu?? i'm worried
moran christmas tonite   hope i start feeling better  miss all the loved ones that used to share xmas w  us
still sick   my nephews are all guna be here    awesome first time ever!!  love  u <propfemale> miss u!!
i  love  my family    with all of me!! now time for lyns sticky buns recipe  love seeing u in <propfirst> n aust tho!!
good bye 2010    worst year ever   i have nothing to celebrate til midnite   then yay  2011!!!
i guess i'm never supposed to be happy   n i guess everyone can spout off their opinion   as if i don't feel bad enough already  giving up!!
ugh     a state line or just the other side of the state   choices lol
i guess i e playful ected way too much again because 2011 is even worse  now i have one less family member becuz apparently accidents make me worthless  fuck everythin
awww   tyty has a way to make me smile no matter what    my lil  love 
i'm sooo over this   every bit n piece   ugh but !!!!
mmmmhhmmm   sooo much better   that shower was amazing   tyty <propfirst> a horse in the bath too!!
finally had a good day   watchn some katt williams   hilarious!!
ugh   the most gorgeous smile ever   my lil  love 
had a good lazy day   and feel blessed meeting <propfemale> today!! my bff is the best mommy  love  !!
omg   watching unsolved mysteries and ronan mt is on here  crazy
blessed w  the sweetest son ever   without him i'd go crazy cuz i might actually care what people think of me   but probably not lol
i'm craving escargot sooo bad   i can almost taste it lol
ugh why can't i get in contact w  these insurance ppl   seriously im getn frustrated
having a nice lazy friday night at home alone w  tyty!! it's amazing how good of a team us two make  smile 
"searching for the thrill of it   say that its love, but to me, its fkn counterfeit  i get done w  one and move right onto another one"
watching ponyo w  tyman n i have no idea what this movies about but he lovers it lol
i need a change in my life   now  lol   mmmm but for now mickyds then a nap
aww   thank god for my dad   who else wud bring me gas when i run out!! bestest faja ever! n i think i'm trading this truck in!! gas!!!
my baby is sooo sick   again!! first time ever he fell asleep watching a movie   n its only 8!! usually he's up til midnite lol
mmmmm    <propfemale>'s!!!
stayed hungry all day so i could pig out at dinner   ricciardi's here we come!! i  love  crab!! lol    
mmmm asparagus   lol then hopefully some sleep  
music      love    love    love   heals me in some way   and my favorite songs will tell u more about me than my own mouth will   
mmmm   i love bubble gum ice cream from the cove!!!
would a b b  gun kill a cat?
"its been a good nite   cole playd good, saved a dogs life on hwy, and now w  my sonshine"
stepping off the rez to get some shopping therapy   lol  gotta get tys <propfirst> for school  smile  luv msla
these strong winds are keeping me awake    so guna rent some movies then   
awww   thanks u guys   all of u lol   it made turning 30 easier   that n shopping in the zoo all day lol   thanks again!!  love 
how can i order netflix directly to my tv?? or it even possible lol
yay    after 8 hrs and two trips to town and 3 almost huge flip outs   netflix is hooked up n i  love  it  weeds season 3 here i come
bummer   roads r shit so no trip to billings today  sad 
ive been up w  my sick baby since early am and now he's snoring but worried so i'm laying here watchn him breathe lol  love  myty
if ex's are still friends their either still in love or never were   
yay   gets to finally watch season 6 of weeds   and vegg out on mustard seed and bubble gum ice cream
sad   my sassycat is missing 2 days now   
me n <propmale> are getn stir crazy   lol   6 days locked up in house  i think tomorrow he'll b 100%  love 
upnattem   watchn <propmale> <propfirst> w  my lil man  love 
i need prayers for my tyty plz   bad fall to head
me n tyty watching our fave movies   all the open seasons!! gotta take it easy today     love  bein lazy w  my b s f  lol
had a great day w  my family in msla!!!  love  shopping for <propmale> more than i do for me!! lol  now to chill n watch love&other drugs   
i want my next vacay spot to be portland!!! haven't been in ten years!!! my favorite city on earth and i'm missing it! badly! best everything ever!! lol
awww   chattahoochie is on radio  seb ur always in my  love 
i luv my heating pad   it does wonders for my back!! guna watch burlesque n see if its worth buying
mmmm   its been a day where i deserve lots of bubble gum ice cream!!    playful 
just missing you uncle <propfirst>!! and i know ur always watchn over everyone!!  love  u!! can't believe its 3 yrs  miss u and luv u uncle!
a person can only take so much before they walk away   after all   why put up with shit when no one should have to!!
ugh my dish keeps losing signal and its beautiful out    wishd one of my bffs were here   lol
 love  having my sonshine w  me 24 7   ordered lunch and now he's watchn chuggington and i rentd the switch  cmon satellite plz work lol
when i finally get done doing something really important like todays paper   i get an instant migraine   strangest thing   but it sucks   
leavn msla finally   lookd everywhere n nothing stunning anywhere  lol  i wanna go shop in spokane!!
ugh   my head hurts    too many thoughts lol  ready for bed   its been a looonng day
"omg i'm in love!!!!!\\i swear starbucks green tea frapp is the bestest!!!"
falling in love with this ipad   i think i might have to get one this weekend!! i hope the ipad2s are available now  
"awww   my lil man is really my  love  , he's cuddled up super close while we watch <propmale> and the chipmunks lol  here's to him watching quietly through it all   haha"
having a family night watching yogi bear w  <propmale> and glued to this ipad lol
watching campus pd's reminding me of 8 yrs in university n skc i never dealt w  them even all the crap i did  lol lucky i guess  thank goodness  the one time they tried to get us i made ash run from them lol memories
thank god for honest people  i hope that random man is rewarded in return  he taught me a lesson   what's right  is right! <propfemale> works in good ways too!!!  love 
awww   tys first words when i grabbed him were i like your hair   he's the bestest lol
crazy how much two months can make me sooo strong and confident in myself   glad to see who and what is important    playful 
k i'm ready for bed already   lol
i'm getn so excited to go see my family in <propfemale>!!! already got tys and my niece alyonna's baskets made  love 
nothing better than my famous asparagus before bed   cures my hunger cuz its so yummy lol
