0af4bf95d90318f7b0d7675a34a2d9a7
"when you lose somethint, you try your hardest to get it back or find it; but what if you lose the love of your life? and cant get it back? then i guess you never regain that little part of you ever agian; or could you? 2nd chances were the bast lol  just a thought?"
"and your a hot mess, and im falling for you  and im like hot damn let me make you my boo  cause you can shake it shake it shake it, yeah you know what to do  your a hot mess and your really hell yes!  laugh "
"kiss me, i'm contigious "
my terrible night was turned upside down with just one phone call  (a two hour phone call   )  smile   im feeling better thank you   smile 
"so turn the lights down lite, turn the lights down i gotta movie we can watch it til you fall asleep on my chest  so tell me right now, tell me right now is there any place that you'd rather be, other then here, lets forget the rest  and i swear i swear when i first saw you,a nd talked to you, you gave me purpose with every single word you say  you took my breath away  so high by the follow through"
"in my mind, blood drips from your eyes, a beautiful last goodbye "
i played guitar hero and on one song i got a 310 note streak!  laugh 
"i need more interesting people in my life    so    if your interesting, talk to me! =p"
"we're getting higher everytime that we love, a little closer to the things we fall back on  if you come over together then willing we'll take over the world   ---no one can touch us by sing it loud"
cut the connection and delete facebook? =p
   to all the people who's phones arent werent working    my phone is working  =p its good to have att at the moment i guess  
"cry your heart out kid, cause you know it wont make a difference "
"i am now a child of light, your earthly money has no appeal to me "
so tired  use lunch time to sleep?   i think not!! =p
<propmale> thorn lolololololololololzzzzzzzz
"dear orchestra, i hate you"
<propmale> lahti lololol  smile 
watching weeds 
aqua teen hunger force
eating whales and watching season 5 of weeds 
episode 1 of season 6 of grey's anatomy  ='( sooo sad
"\i didnt know you were bringing people  i wouldve trimmed my antlers!\"" -grandmas boy!"""
grow up  if your gonna fight with someone dont do it on facebook  thats stupid   drama is stupid!
i miss you
"if\you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me, put a heart ?  if i\am a good friend, put a  smile   if you miss me, put a  annoyed   if you ever had\acrush on me, put a  laugh   if you wanna date me poke me  if your brave,\put this as your status   "
<propmale> lahti was here  laugh 
"angel: \what dio you want for christmas?\""\",0af4bf95d90318f7b0d7675a34a2d9a7,i love eyonas boobies!
i miss my blonde hair    lots on my mind  too much to handle  plus finals! oh joy
"im just a mean girl, and you should know that    smile  im not going to try to impress you with my \niceness\""  ha!"""
i really hate these map testing things
"it reallyyyy made my day yesterday to have 28 people post on my facebook \happy birthday\""  thank you to everyone   smile """
second week of the new term and im already failing english  well i have been failing     annoyed  who fails their own language?
 annoyed  your lovely  
