af4bbdc0bc4ab7dc4c23de483cba4d9e
who wants to split a chocolate cupcake with me?
"first you try to fuck it, then you try to eat it  if it hasn't learned your name, you better kill it before they see it "
hey! hey! listen! hey! sheva! sheva! sheva! <propfirst>! <propfirst>! come on! come on! this way! break down! blast off! i need a <propmale>! chaz it up! i am not a freaky fish guy!
"break down! blast off! screw the rules i have money! pikachu, i choose you! zug zug! <propfirst>! <propfirst>! <propfirst>! sheva! sheva! come on! come on! chaz it up! keep your feet on the ground! where the fuck are you <propfirst>, god damn it? rolfmao! niyeh! niyeh! brooklyn"
"is tired of complete strangers being total douchebags  seriously you internet fucknerds, get a fucking life  midjet hax out "
"god damn it, i'm pissed  but you guys always rock  thanx   hug"
"<propfirst>! <propfirst>! sheva! out of the question! hey! hey! listen! big brotheeer! shut up, mokuba! charmander! bidoof! augmon, you can digivovle any time already! roflroflrofl! lulululul! use the boost to <propmale>! zugzug! for the horde! for the alliance! for your "
i don't feel like paying the rent anymore  so i'm not 
"\battling evil forces with children's trading cards   it makes one feel so alive!\"""""
autism: because sometimes being an asshole is a disease!
"if people are gonna send me stuff, sne dme things on mobsters 2 and farmville  atm they're the only things i use right now "
likes this 
can't wait to work again   laugh 
for the horde!
i went to arby's for a job interview e playful ecting the manager to sit down with a  list of questions for me to answer  instead he threw a w-4 in my face  sweet  laugh 
wants to get fallout 3 and knights of the old republic   but which first?
is a samurai pizza cat 
level 80   now what?
a day without wow is a boring day indeed 
the grudge is one excessively fucked up movie 
"<propfirst> is sick    d,,,:"
"blood and thunder! zug zug! stfu i keel you! blast off! break down! <propfirst>! <propfirst>! sheva! <propfirst>! out of the question! loktar o'gar! your mother plays card games in hell! let's get down to business, to defeat the hun! your overconfidence is your weakness! (your faith in your friends is yours!)"
"i think anyone who bitches about an update on facebook should be killed  if you're too fucking stupid to figure out how this news feed works, or find it too emotionally straining, just gtfo instead of wasting out time making us look at your pathetic groups  because you know what? facebook doesn't care what you snivelling babies want  end of story "
"oblivion take you! shoop da woop! why must i cryyy? hey! hey! listen! i should probably cut down on the drugs! <propfirst>! <propfirst>! sheva! botherbotherbotherbother! you're like a constant downer, huh? i love lamp! dr  <propfemale> doesn't take your shit  one step over that line and he'll   fuck you up! pantalonious poopicus!"
"two months out of college, and i want to go back for something completely different than what i originally went for  i wanted to never go back to school, but the thought of working with only the degree i have now depresses me  horrible situation or opportunity for something better? i'll go for a walk and then decide "
"two months out of college, and i want to go back for something completely different than what i originally went for  i wanted to never go back to school, but the thought of working with only the degree i have now depresses me  horrible situation or opportunity for something better? i'll go for a walk and then decide "
misses her laalipopper    d:
i like to think of jesus as a mischievous badger 
for the horde! (because for the alliance takes no skill )
"just for shits and giggles, 'i will be completely honest for 24 hours and you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question - no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is - and i will answer honestly  i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get!'"
is going to rape <propfirst> loi 
this is the first time i have gone into alterac valley fighting for the alliance    interesting   smile 
i'm here to eat food and be cute  and i can multitask  **munchmunchmunch**
"\suche gut gebauten 18-30  jährigen zum schlachten \"" -der metzgermeister"""
i hope i stop feeling terrible before work on monday  so glad for a three day weekend 
"anyone who liked district 9 is fucking insane, i never wanna watch this movie again "
i never thought snippin coupons could be so fun!  laugh 
i'm feeling quite accomplished   smile 
"azerothian physics is very intriguing yet impossible, especially when compared to the physics of our world  for example, if i were to shoot at a guy in azeroth and it misses, the projecticle whizzes by his head and then out of existence  if i shoot at a guy in real life, it would whizz by his head and engage the mob behind him  the moral of this story? i hate worgen "
"i’m as eloquent as an elephant, about as headstrong as the mighty <propmale> kong  on a rampage throwing airplanes  i can’t believe you haven’t gone away, gone away   "
why do they call it heartburn? everything in my torso but my heart is burning from all this rogue stomach acid  i have a theory: it's cuz people are fucking stupid 
"narwhals, narwhals, swimming in the ocean causing a commotion cuz they are so awesome  laugh "
"i love the kind of things i see when i misread text, it makes life more fun  for example, 'how to rabbit-proof your house' is hardly as exciting as 'how to bullet-proof your rabbit' "
"it seems like garrus has finally pulled that stick out of his butt, but now it seems like he just wants to beat guys to death with it "
"garrus: we're a little e playful osed out here, especially if someone's on that elevator  grunt: we should hide behind   stuff "
"i don't know much about world peace, but i can say for sure that i'm finally at peace with myself, the end of a long road out of hell "
"harbinger: preserve shepard's body, if possible  shepard: wheee, they wanna stuff me!  laugh "
"\metapod use harden! you're much harder than that other metapod!\"""""
"i want life to change, but i don't know if it can for a man or machine or whatever the fuck i am "
would totally do <propmale> 
about 80 percent of our stuff is in our new apartment!!
hates it when she makes a milkshake and all these boys show up in her yard 
i had gone over a decade without feeling like beating someone up  that was until i met <propfirst> costic 
made 15 dollars in pure commision tonight!
one time at bible space camp   
i'm taking up a collection for a good cause  anyone who has a few bucks to spare should send them my way 
"if you play petville, i'd love you if you sent me social butterfly cupcakes   love "
is a tard and left her phone by her boyfriend sow now
i feel bad for this chex mix  because it's fuckin' dead 
"everybody wants to be a master, everybody \wants to show their skill, everyone wants to get there faster, make \their way to the top of the hill  each time you try you're gonna get \just a little bit better, each step you climb is one more step up the \ladder "
"\like\"" this status and i'll post on your wall \",af4bbdc0bc4ab7dc4c23de483cba4d9e,"this self discovery, redemption taking over my mind, a serenade of haunting voices calling me away to feast upon the night "
please send yard supplies on petville!
"\your boyfriend's a real asshole \"""""
i love it when work feels like a carnival 
"i want my innocence back and if you can't pacify me i will break your bones  you think i'm bluffing, just try me "
waiting patiently for replies and hoping she didn't forget to write one herself 
yumyum dinnerrr
"well, <propfirst> is off at work being a bread winner  i wonder what kind of contests they have at his job that he can win bread from     wish i could win baked goods  i'd win cupcakes  cupcakes are sweet and delicious and slightly better than bread  like if you liek mudkipz "
rawr!
note to self: do not give cat milk  makes him vomit 
"i have a fuckinf droid x now, and it roooocks!"
haxed!
i love it when going for a walk sounds more appealin to me than ice cream 
"i easily get wrapped up in farming  i mean, all of a sudden, i've spent three hours doing it  then i sell it all and it's like a very relieving shit, so i do it some more \ --me on why i farm instead of doing dailies """
"i'm very bored and if i don't find something fun to do now, i'm going to murder someone's child "
please talk to me  i swear i'm going to kill something if i don't get amusement somehow 
i love it when going for a walk sounds more appealin to me than ice cream 
this  is   larry! *punt*
i love it when going for a walk sounds more appealin to me than ice cream 
this  is   larry! *punt*
"no matter how tried he could not break free, and the worms ate into his brain "
i love it when going for a walk sounds more appealin to me than ice cream 
<propfirst>'s lovin' the belly rubs 
"at a ballet shop so my friend can get her daughter fitted for new shoes and leotards  for serious, it makes me wanna grab shoes for myself and get lessons lol"
haxed!!!!
<propfirst> (my cat) just got high and fucked my arm   good times 
only glass seperates heaven and hell  what happens if i fall through?
"my cat attacked me and then mounted me  yeah, i'd consider it rape too "
"thank god i'm pretty, the occasional free drink i never asked for, the occasional admission to a seedy little bar, invitation to a stranger's car--i'm blessed"
"i have peach chardonay, wow, the best cat and most adorable boyfriend in the world  what more could i ask for?"
"pay no attention to me dancing with my girl, we have every intention to be failures in this world "
"if i'm pissed that i can't log into my company's website to work at home, does that may me a loser?"
"i was dead then alive, she was like wine turned to water then turned back to wine, you can pour us out we don't mind, a scratch around the mouth of the glass, my life is no longer mine "
"so <propfirst> got me the most loveliest, wonderfulest breakfast and lunch today, and he even wrote me a note!!! i loves me a him   love 333"
i quit my new job and went back to the old one  i feel good about how today went   love 
i'm shocked at how stupid teenagers can be  really you guys   do you have a fucking death wish?
buying <propfirst> a gaming laptop  suggestions would be wonderful   love 
like this status and i'll tell you something i like and dislike about you   smile 
i like it on the floor next next to my computer 
i love it when employers remind their employees that shit rolls downhill but are surprised that the shit starts to come out in how we work 
"lying in wait, blind i suffer knowing i'll never reach your heaven, it's unattainable, please teach me how to dream, i long to be more than a machine "
"\our top story tonight: nasa sends probe to uranus; people everywhere giggle \"""""
general tsao's and veggie lo mein for breakfast   how does it get better?
"ha ha i forgot to log out on <propfirst>'s computer! i wonder what trouble she could get me into  wink    ah well, she'll be nice today and just log me out  doh!"
8 inches
herp  derp 
"they're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you because they sleep with a gun and keep an eye on you, son, so they can watch all the things you do, because the drugs never work, they're gonna give you a smirk 'cuz they've got methods of keeping you clean, they're gonna tear off your heads-your aspirations to shreds-another cog in the murder machine "
you cannot sedate all the things you hate
like this status if your duel disc brings all the nerds to the yard!
i just found out that my cat is deathwing  all i can say is it's a really good thing we have a full cache of weapons at our disposal for the imminent boss fight 
mollusk!
"\you find the perfect man the way <propmale> found america: on your way somewhere else and completely by accident \"""""
my <propfemale>'s being a sweet little sweet potato right now   love 
"dear black friday, \what's the death toll so far?\love, <propfirst>"
the steelers are 9-3 and about to play a team thats 2-10    e playful lain to me how that's even remotely fair 
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is to get revenge and watch everyone burn!
"  and then i realized using my hand was way more effective, and it saved me money on toilet paper "
good riddance holiday diets  hellooo rice and vegetables!
i already took a five hour nap and i feel like i need more sleep  > >;
"life is my passion, and what is life but <propmale> unwrapped?"
the hardest thing about writing fan fiction is starting it   
playing elder scrolls iv: oblivion!  love 333
watching hannibal rising again  i love this movie!!!
"six a m  christmas morning, no shadows no reflections here, lying cheek to cheek in your cold embrace   "
"so many people online, yet i feel like there's no one to talk to  what the hell is that shit?"
