e9bcd477ead6a3948e17fe27a57cd477
"\like\"" my status if you would vote for me if i ran for president """
im in florida bitchez!
3 more months until seattle! : d
"lost and insecure, you found me, you found me  lying on the floor surrounded, surrounded  why'd you have to wait? where were you? where were you? just a little late  you found, you found me "
i wish bubbles could make different shapes  that would be so dope 
"wouldn't life be perfect if sweatpants were sexy, mondays were fun, junk food didn't make you fat, girls didn't cause so much drama, guys weren't so confusing, and goodbyes only meant until tomorrow?"
"i'm sorry to say but the 90's did it better in terms of music than now in days  the very, very, early 2000's were one last call for good music "
please pray or whatever it is that you do that i can pass the test on friday  i still need help with my parallel parking and backing into a parking space  i hope that i'm not like brother and have to take it 3 times 
<propmale> <propmale>'s birthday? who is <propmale> <propmale>? isn't he that black guy from stargate sg1?
"\procrastination makes perfect \"" - dom fera"""
i just want you to know that i am a good person and that i've made mistakes and i'm not perfect 
"i just want to take my clothes off, crawl into my bed, and listen to music "
"when the day comes where i prove you wrong - very wrong, don't try talking to me again like everything is all peaches and cream "
i wonder what it would be like to smoke poisin <propfemale> 
i seek guidance in fortune cookies
i only know how to set myself up for another fall 
unwinding the day with a little dubstep 
i passed my road test!!!!!!  laugh x100
"drove from newport news, va all the way home in one day  washington dc has the worst traffic i have ever seen!"
"you know what? this world has many issues and i dont give a big fuck to fix them for everyone, do it yourself! i'm making nachos - out!"
leaving for seattle on the 19th!! i am so excited!!  laugh 
"a month ago i weighted 150, now i'm at 130!  smile "
