63f6e0cdc24322414671862f5feb0303
neutiquam erro 
1st new years resolution; no pot for 2 months
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now 
"aha gettin home at 2 smile 0, not fallin asleep till like 4, getting up at 6   let the good times roll  laugh "
"to push forward threw anything,everything with a smile on your face and hope in your heart even if its a lost cause,does that not make you strong?or does that make you a fool, someone who never learns?to push aside your feelings,making yourself feel nothing so you feel no pain,becomeing a monster,does that not also make you strong?or does that make you a coward?i believe it takes a very strong person to do either "
atomic wings from wingstop are soooo fawking da-rish-ous  laugh  i have heartburn naooo tho  laugh 
"to exist in this world by betraying everything, the pain of a wounded heart takes hold of further distress "
"noones online here, i txted like everyone and i take it noones awake  laugh  cant sleep, too much thinking going on to slow down  so yeah maybe i'll take a walk love "
likes rainbow kool aid  laugh 
"there wont always be a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, someone else may have already reaped the rewards "
gonna go hangout with toki and <propmale> today  laugh 
your a heart breaker and shes a risk taker and if you hurt her i will gut you like the pig you are and shove your face into a meat grinder >=[
"forget the freak, your just nature "
"?????????\???????????? \????????? \????…????…\ without a trace   "
"true, i talk of dreams, which are the children of an idle brain, begot of nothing but vain fantasy"
"wow, such dorks with your world of warcraft obessions  laugh "
wishes it was sunday so trueblood would come on =[
"?????????\????????????\??????????\????????\????????????"
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
think ima go to bed now  goodnight  smile 
"even the blooming flowers will eventually fade \even our world is not eternal, the deep mountains of vanity, cross them today and superficial dreams shall no longer delude you "
sooooo   when does school start? <_<
love will light the way  love 
running from the cops for fear you will be fine'd for being at the park after hours    goodtimes  laugh  i bolted and everyone else got carded  playful 
"i don’t need anything else! even if one day i’m reborn again i won’t forget you, so now…\within my reincarnated soul i weep and cry out\a true love that echoes with a farewell,\this body will break and scatter, become sand, and the memories of you, my greatest love, will fade away"
pfff!!! even if pot doesnt get legalised ima still be smokin up a storm like a boss  laugh 
so im feeling all hyper  playful  whenever i get hyper i have little outbursts of giggles < < its kinda strange lol  laugh 
"had fun tonight  laugh  went to the movies, arcade and had pizza  smile "
"you were born in sin, you will die a sinner    laugh "
even the shedding drops of tears can become the unfading blessing of the rain
"cheater, cheater, vagina eater, cheat again and you'll loose your weener  laugh  lulz  laugh "
so cops are outside my house <_< i freaked out cuz i thought they where lookin for me (knowing my luck with cops  laugh ) but turns out 8 bitches where throwing parties and dog fights in the house next to us  laugh 
"ima take a walk, be back in a bit  smile "
"gotta go, byeeeee  laugh "
i miss getting up at 7 surprise 0 on saturday morning just to watch pokemon?
"going to bed, nighty night "
"had fun at gameworks  laugh  did nothing but play ddr for like 4 or 5 hours  laugh  blisters on meh feet and my body aches soooo bad  laugh  but, it was worth it  smile "
and you will shed tears of <propfemale>     
"i submerge both eyes in the beauty of rotting and crumbling, only in solitude can i smile     "
"rotten roots disturb the water’s surface, like the ripples i too shall return to nothingness "
"might play some more ddr tomorrow, dunno yet  and looks like im getting a ride to anime vegas with <propfirst>  smile  at least i will have <propfirst> and chibi at av"
so i just threw up after watching that video with that chick throwing puppies in a river  i hope to god 4chan finds her stupid ass 
t3h gam3
ihop or wingstop     _  they both sound so yummie right naooo
"intoxicated with the madness, i'm in love with my sadness \bullshit fakers, enchanted kingdoms,\the fashion victims chew their charcoal teeth "
"i pebble in the water makes a ripple effect, every action in this world will bare a consequence "
subway sounds soooo good right now =o
"i'llbe completely honest for the next 24 hours  you can only ask me one question (only in my inbox )  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked "
"i never thought i'd walk away from you \i did \but it's a false sense of accomplishment,\every time i quit \ anyone can see my every flaw,\it isn't hard \anyone can say they're above this all \it takes my pain away!"
great   dark thoughts are resurfacing    damnit
lol dude myspace just keeps getting more and more retarded  laugh  no wonder everyone goes on facebook now  laugh dd
"my <propmale>, cost a late night fee, yo <propmale> got da hiv"
jaejin's comming back to vegas =o oh snap
"i didn't want to forget again the belief that nothing could make me shiver \the habit of averting your eyes, your ambiguous answers and your unlaughable lies \ if i cannot be next to them, then even meaning goes blur "
"quentin: so    e playful elled?\ 'young' carl: that's right \ quentin: what for?\ 'young' carl: i suppose smoking was the clincher \ quentin: drugs or cigarettes? \'young' carl: well, both \ quentin: well done! proud of you  so your mum sent you here in the hope that a little bracing sea air would sort you out?\'young' carl: something like that \ quentin: spectacular mistake \\i fawking love pirate radio  laugh "
"things arnt going to change, they will only fall back into the same fucking routine that started part of this mess in the first place "
"i wanna see <propmale> potter soooo badly!!!  troubled  on another note i've had a pretty awesome day  smile  <propmale>, mailsa,  megin and i threw jaejin in the pool  laugh  hangin out with gabe and <propfirst> atm   stupid fucking trolls  laugh "
"jaejin made me ditch school to see <propmale> potter on friday,funfun  smile  lifes pretty fucking great right now  laugh  got me some grams  playful  probably won't last long though  sad  bleh "
i love the gloomy weather but the wind is a bit too much x x
he's so cute! x3 what a flirt  laugh 
this is the best pot ive had in a very long time and i cant remember the fuckin name!  laugh 
"i speak in verses, prophecies and curses "
cant wait till newyears  laugh 
why is all the rum gone?
split an 8th of shrooms just so i could see the universe
i got 99 problems and they all bitches 
"feelin like a kid again, playing toontown online lol  laugh "
everyones got such big fucking ego's  why does everything have to be a fucking popularity contest?
the sky might fall but i'm not worried at all 
"all them backstabbing foes,\standing in my way, always stepping on my toes,\stealing my style even wearing my clothes \fuck all them haters, fuck all them hoes "
well dont i feel like a bitch  damn 
i havent had any pot in over a week and its making me bitchy <_<    damn i
i swear i never meant to let it die 
"has anyone gotten ahole of gabe? i called him and sent a txt and he never got back  sad  somethings up, i can feel it, im worried "
"people take life way to seriously  stop trying to control everything, all you do i put pressure and stress on yourself  stop caring how others look and see you, life isnt a popularity contest and in the end what others think wont matter anyway  and stop living life in such a hurry! life is to short to just rush threw it "
its christmas <propfemale> and im sober   damn  laugh 
"believe in yourself  pick a path that you, deep down in your soul, won't be ashamed of "
"small, simple, safe price, rise the wake and <propfemale> me with all of my regrets "
all you need is love  smile 
"yeah your right, im not the funniest, the smartest or the coolist person in the world  but i certainly am the most loyal and loving and people like me are a dying breed  so pardon me, im sorry if im not fake enough for you  stupid fucking tool"
"i miss going out with friends, late nights doing pretty much nothing productive with ourselves yet having a great time  *sadface*"
your ego makes you a narcissist and you've build it up so high that you yourself dont even know who you are  how long will you continue to lie to yourself?
the naked truth is always better than the best-dressed lie 
"in the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true "
my newly realized dream; i want to be a suicide girl  laugh 
"sentencing ceased, sentence decease and watch them bask in the <propfemale> of their holy disease "
hoc est praeceptum meum ut diligatis invicem sicut dilexi vos 
im too young to feel this old x x
puffin puffin pass 
your just as weak as me but not as strong  just as imperfect but twice as flawed!
cool story  b ro   
some girs just really dont look good in <propfemale> wigs   but its funny to watch them fail
and so it begins    
"today was so fun!  laugh  went to gameworks, ate some fatty fastfood, went to ceaser's palace and prayed at the buddah shrine and laughed at two old fat lezbos making out and giving each other head on the top lvl of a double decker bus thinking we couldnt see what they were up to  laugh  fun fun fun"
giga puddi   how i hate you so  laugh 
i love wondering the strip love 
"\i wanted to create my own world  a world full of color where everyone could play  one big party that never ends \""-party monster  wink """
sanity is the trademark of a weak mind 
"10 years ago   \\when i grow up im gonna be a pokemon master!\""\",63f6e0cdc24322414671862f5feb0303,"if your life had a face, i would punch it "
we have to succumb to the feelings we can never face 
your beauty is only a skin deep disease 
what a shitty day   and its only begun      well at least i get to go see the green hornet tomorrow and then sunday i get my tattoo  joyful 
"like a good neighbor, state farm is there with some asprin & vodka   and maybe a bag of dorito's, i dunno "
ugh   i really dont feel like taking the fucking bus back to northtown just for my fuckin id 
vidoll disbands    god damn it! why are all my favorite bands starting to break up?! ugh   *is a very sad panda*
"this whole fucking week has been nothing but bullshit! i cant get my fucking tatto because the one fucking weekend i want to get it, the place is closed    and all the other tattoo shops are really far away  dude, fuck this   i just want to buy an ounce of pot and smoke my fucking anger away   "
ive got nothing to do today now   ugh im bored
"so i went from 1 to 5 piercings in one night  now i have 2 lip piercings(snakebites  laugh ), gauged my ears and pierced my belly button  laugh  woot woot ^^"
"i shall call him 'squishy,' and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy   laugh "
indeed i am a troll  i live under your bridges and devour yo' bitches
so i just saw the green hornet in 3d and i don't care what any of you fuckers think  i fucking loved it!
first <propmale> i get im leaving this fucking country and never looking back 
hope is waisted on the hopeless 
lol i love pissing little kids off  laugh 
so i got another jury summons in the mail    it hasnt even been 3 months since my first 1 and ive got another 1  mother fuckers
the youth of america   *sigh* you all just keep getting more and more stupid with each passing day hour min  stupid people need to stop having children o o
"she dreams of corruption, decay, and distruction love "
had a great day yesterday   except for the last part of it t t im so sorry
you remind me of a time when i knew who i was 
ah meh gawd! liek fer reel  b ro
"the song\if it means a lot to you\"" by a day to remember is hardcore stuck in my head  laugh """
"now everybody's singing\la, la la la,la la la"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? ? if you have an amazing mom, put this as your status ? ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
~~~?(???)?????
"let the bridges i burn, light the way "
"okay so next week, i feel like doin shit man! its been awhile since ive had any crazy social time  so who's down?"
i have a feeling this is going to end badly   i await my demise 
what the hell do they think they know?
"so i found some pics of me like way back when i was in 8th grade  all i can say is damn, i changed alot   and i was like so ugly back then  laugh "
your the hiko to my waka love   laugh 
"im a fool for love, i cant help who i have feelings for so don't badger me! its my choice to make!"
i wanna cosplay as waka from danger gang! i think i could pull it off  laugh  pretty sure   maybe  laugh 
i want a pet flamingo t t they are sooo cute  laugh 
your smile is engraved in my heart love 
happy valentines day  hope you all get pretty flowers and hawt sexy times  laugh 
so what has everyone been up to today?
"your a two-faced cunt, but ill always love <propfemale>  laugh  love "
so ive been speaking to cleverbot and the first thing it said to me was the game 
my mood just went sour  im off guys  bye love 
shit just hit the fan  someone please do something to cheer me up even if its only a little 
i think i need a hug ttatt
"so i was lookin in the mirror when i got out of the shower and i just gotta say damn, i have a nice ass  laugh "
i go naooo!!! baibai  laugh 
i find it funny how misinformed and unintelligent most american's  are   their ignorance along with their arrogance will eventually be their demise 
"everyones so quick voice their own opinion's, so much so that they never stop to actually listen to others  its sad, maybe if people weren't so self centered they might actually learn something "
bullshit   utter fucking bullshit   
sounds like everyones just looking for something to argue about to fuck it  im just going to keep my mouth shut 
"and hey sweet-aye, \well i need you here tonight, \and i know that you don't wanna be leaving me\yeah, you want it, but i can't help it  \i just feel complete when you're by my side, \but i know you can't come home till they're singing\la, la la la, la la la"
just got the $60 00 hyperdimension neptunia game box that comes with the <propmale> book love  ^ ^ im sooo happy >w<
cant   stop    playing this game    omg *w* im in love  love 
"so this kid put a picture up with blood dripping from his arm and a razor blade to the left  im sorry but thats funny to me, knowing that people care so much about getting others attention that they resort to such retarded things  pathetic "
baw   ;__;  love 
"lulz! its hyperdimension neptunia tiem again guys!! yushh, indeed, half naked chicks who kick ass   mmmmm"
"friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like <propmale>    it has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival "
im getting so sick of the same old shit  im thinking of getting rid of some dead weight   it would probably be for the best
had hella fun with yama and gabe today  went to the park and trolled this druggy bitch that was trying to start shit  laugh  ate shitty pizza and did nothin but bullshit  good times mate love 
"stressful events \pot sounds oh so very nice \too bad i can't smoke t t\^w^\three more months <propfemale> go!\ah, anywayyyyyyyyyyy, how is everyone tonight? \whats everyone been up to?  laugh "
"i love how easily people get defensive and angry, it adds fuel to my trollish fire > laugh \haters gonna hate  laugh \ahhh, anyway i just got done playing hyperdimention for like a billion hours straight,\i think my eyes are going to bleed from staring at that screen for so long x x\so im off to bed! \goodnight everyone! sweet dreams  laugh   love "
kinda wanna learn to freerun for real=o
"off now  goodnight everyone  laugh \sweet dreams love "
"goodmorning everyone  laugh  how is everyone today?\so im wondering who all is up for going to see sucker punch with me next weekend?  laugh "
<---is pretty sad that danger gang has yet to make a music video after all these years ttwtt
soooo bored x x
so i got banned from 4chan  o o i dunno even know what i did =o
once again i find myself lost    annoyed 
i wish i was a teddybear  a cute fluffy one with big adorable eyes  cuz then you would all be tempted to hug me and i would always feel loved  laugh 
trance love 
i just wanna dance!
"sex shops are my favorite places to go now  laugh  i luled so hard at this huge horsedick dildo they had, i guess its common for girls to be that loose?  laugh "
i miss you guys  all of you 
"smokin pot, drivin around at night, windows rolled down, music blasting  fuck i miss thoughs days "
"im thinkin of working at a sex toy shop  laugh  i think that would be a really fun job actually \x3"
its soooo <propfemale> and cloudy *w*i love it  love  my favorite kind of day  now if only it would rain ^w^
saturday = sucker punch!!!! whos down?
"whats everyone up to tonight? \ laugh "
to mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone 
"dont look to me for word of approval, i won't be held responsible for choices you make   you can't pin your bullshit on me!"
im so sad i missed out on going to that carnival ;w; 
"strawberry's, how i love you so ttott"
i want portal 2 so f-ing badly yo!!! >o<  i can't waittttttt!
louder than god's revolver and twice as shiney  wink 
"i am beyond god i am human i am the razor blade on the communion tray\i am a freak in control not a control freak, i am the sheep that got away,\i am burning but never consumed, determined with nothing to lose\i am who i am who i am who i am who am i?"
i hate your empty words   empty promises
in sort of a poopie mood atm  annoyed  blahhh  a walk under the night sky might make me feel better ^w^ bbl love 
my gut feeling is always right   maybe thats why i dont want to listen this time   
