603a34788cc9fbce23f74af1c997ef27
happy new year everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my account keeps logging out on me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think my dad's gonna go to court over the house
aerosmith is awesome
tejano music sounds so good to my ears in the morning
so excited for glee season premiere tomorrow
finally my account is letting me on
new glee episode is starting!!!!!!!!!
is listening to an ozzy osbourne cd
the political idealogy quiz -- my result: very liberal  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 14397 referrals status?aid=100001505744004
i shouldn't be up it's to early
the dems must win the senate!!!!!!
happy holidays everyone
"and i'll see you my friend over and over again  \who can we get on this case?\we need <propfirst> <propmale>\someone to put you in place\calling <propfirst> <propmale>, again, again, again, again"
my throat burns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so much unrest in mideast hope the new democracies will work
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you please post it for 1 hour? do it for all!! there are too many to mention who fought and are fighting  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
love the 1911 button on youtube
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven  this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this  just copy and paste   no shame here"
0 days 12 hours 30 minutes 0 seconds
best  concert  ever
is going to be very sore tomorrow
is dreading tomorrow
"is predicting he will get 1,000,000 birthday punches tomorrow"
