2283a3492f208de46b802a253998ed5d
no school fuck ya! you know what tha means   
just tired as shit from the game  ready to kick parkersburgs ass
tired as crap had a great night though last night
"goin to bed, exhausted a can be"
just chillin
   soccer
"just got back from work, gettin ready to talk to <propmale> and then sleep haha"
lookin forward to skiing  getting ready to talk to <propmale>
sitti around chillin if ya feel me  maybe hittin up winterplace
what a night  happy motha fuckin new years!
just got back from snowshoe  fuckin school   
just chillin    
everyone must listen to feeling alright by rebelution   do yourself a favor and download it
well looks like im off to alternative haha
just jammin to some tunes
just gazing at my tank   wasting time haha
"working on my application to coastal <propfemale>, jammin to some tunes"
just watched a cool video of a waterfall in my closet  jammin to some excellent rebelution tunes
just layin in bed after a good ol dinner
just kickin back and jammin to some tunes
just chillin  
jammin to a bit of rebelution
some good ol rebelution
just some good rebelution as usual
thinkin about the world cup already
"i dont have school tomorrow, alternative   eh, cant complain"
off to snowshoe for a skir race!!
"chillin up a snowshoe, hittin the hay"
"tired as hell, listening to some chill music"
strenous thinking isnt enjoyable  
"eating a bowl of cereal and then goin to bed, aint dat the truth?"
thinking of which to choose between the three b's
jammin to some raggae
hittin up winterplace with tp
the pollination station
music is the medicine of the world
"tired as hell, kickin back"
just watching road trip   a classic
at work bored as hell   
"just chillin at the house, munchin on some food  jammin to some tunes  nice"
some girls are dumb as hell   u cant help but laugh
jammin to bassnectar   a genius
going longboarding!
had an epic wreck on my longboard  no school for me tomorrow  smile  or any other friday that is   
jammin to some pandora radio  
hell ya daylights savings time evan had a sweet longboard wreck  nice
make the rain go away
pumped for st  <propfirst>'s tomorrow
feelin sick  f this noise    
hell ya sunshine   longboarding
waitin to kick off saint <propfirst> celbrations
typing a letter for college  then some quality <propfemale> gazing  no school tommorrow as always hell ya 
theres a storm-a-brewin
best day of longboarding ever  
discovery life! hell ya!
just chillin watchin the ol fish tank  no work tomorrow = stayin up and sleepin in
fuck thiis shit
ready for some warm summer nights
packin for <propfemale>
"broke my e playful ensive fish tank light, hell ya"
off to europe   cool
just watched eurotrip before im off  
"in europe, now in <propfemale>, to the leuve mutha fuckas"
finally home europe was dope  pounded that brew of course  a good day of longboarding to follow!!
takin a nap and then ice cream wat a day!
i love a broken cellphone 
got my phone workin hell ya  contemplating how to spend the last day of break
no school till monday hell ya
had a dope weekend  motown for the day tomorrow hell ya
gettin my daily liquid carbs in
"finally got a working phone again, hell ya"
hittin up the good ol n64
da lasst one standing
"screw this rain, bring on the sun!!!"
just a good ol bonfire is where its at
downloading some high quality bassnectar if ya feels me
f'ing a cotton
"boarding out in the sun, check "
beach and beer!
"back from the beach, summertime"
"wate, wate     what??"
where is my mind?
just got the iphone 4  hells ya
down at the obx gettin my beach on 
go netherlands!!
to the bitch!
fuck this noise!!
back home in wv finally
fuck work in the morning!
inception blew my mind 
summertime   and the livins easy
iphone4 otterbox is sick!
when it hits the lips it's just so good
ganja babe   
motown bound  
luda and super mash bros threw down in motown
to salisbury
"i'm trying to find a balance, i'm tryin to build a balance    "
      bassnectar 
ready to ball tonight in some soccer
country roads take me home   btown bound
on the stairway to heaven    
im a lesbian 
the truth is simple  
studying   fuck me
i love cock
is ready to rage all night
a clean 5er for breakfast   
bassnectar mixtapes    what more could you ask for??
thirsty thursdays   o ya
lez go mountaneers!
just got my macbook pro! chika chika ya       
super mashin it up
finally out of the bury!! ready to get back to btown
finally back in btown  oh yea
  good first day out at wp
solid night out at wp
iphone4 + water= fuck me
wvu    wow
yo appreciate all the happy bdays! just another good year
just crashed my fuckin jeep   fck!!!
iphone+saltwater= fuck my life
"no iphone4, no contacts, no jeep    fuuccckkk"
so long dub v   until next time  feels good to be whippin the jeep again
lez go jets! fuck the steelers!!!
good to be back in the bury
r i p  the 5er
got a new iphone4  o yaa
lezz go celtics!
"alrightt green bay, fuck da steelers"
letz go dubv
first calc exam down o ya!
maxn and relaxinn
alll gooodd!!!
studying=mission impossible
sts9 at all good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
quenching my thirst
mountaneers!!!!!!!!!!!
"wow that wasnt good at all, fucking damnit!!!!!!!!!"
getting my morning dose of dubbbbbbbb
nice ass day for some frisbee tossin ya digg
alarm didn't go off and now my car battery is dead wtf
thank you situation for makin yourself look like a fuckin idiot and showin just how gay the jersey shore is
bvegas bound   o yeaa
