9dd0e833f23a7d74bb2eacb22a89af64
has moved on from a <propfirst> driving mom to a cooler suv driving mom  picked up my 2010 gmc acadia yesterday and it is sweet!
had a very relaxing but productive weekend off   today we had a family movie day watching terminator salvation and  relaxing in th hot tub 
"is having a good bday so far  i slept late, saw a movie(my sister's keeper, good, but the book is better) and will go out to dinner with my family tonight,"
"had a nice time today in the greater freeport area  went to church, family reunion, sat by the pec, went swimming, and ate marias pizza with my family  very busy!!"
is getting ready for vacation     three more days!
"had great time in branson with all the pick family  it was warm, <propfemale> , summerlike, and an awesome time overall with family!"
just got done  organizing some things for the fhs 25th reunion tailgate  looking forward to seeing some old friends this weekend!
"is getting excited for her next va-cay with mike,dom,and the kids  kalahari here we come!"
"is mentally preparing for a back to work thursday! after a few days at the dells, that  will be a hard task!"
"is getting in the back to school mode, for her kids that is!"
is enjoying her faster computer! amazingly i was able to upgrade my ram  by myself and i did not break my computer!
"feeling semi- domestic  i  made cookies for the kids to eat after school  ok, i am sure i will have some too, and they were the kind that you just bake in the oven, but still i  am impressed with  myself!"
enjoyed attending the high school marching band competition at harlem tonight  the bands were awesome!
"had a bad mommy morning  sad    i overslept and my 6th grader missed his before school band practice  hey, at least he made it to school in time!"
is thinking it will be cold at the huskies <propmale> tackle game today! it is snowing here right now!
"is still trying to thaw out from the harlem homecoming game  brrrr!  the huskies did a-salt the  pretzels, but i am secretly still a pretzel on the inside  smile "
is enjoying some  bananna bread fresh from the oven  yum!
is loving the warmer weather and sunshine!!!
is enjoying her day off and looking forward to watching glee tonight!
is kinda feeling  christmasy  i did put some lights up outside since it was nice and warm today  the tree will definitely have to wait until after thanksgiving!
"saw the post to go retro on the profile pic  this is about as retro as i have readily available, but  i think the hair says it all!"
"saw the movie avatar and liked it! thanks for the positive review <propmale>, i was unsure about seeing a movie about blue people on pandora, but it had something for everyone "
is looking forward to watching her niece mccall and the rest of the fhs poms do their halftime routine friday night  did i mention they are having their dads dance with them??? can't wait to see what moves my little bro has out on the gym floor!!!!!
"had an enjoyable mccafe <propfemale> frappe today   it was was both yummy and free,since i found a coupon in the sunday paper  smile "
got caught up in the olympics for the past few weeks and now am trying to get   into american idol 
is still trying to catch up on her sleep after a overnight in chicago  thanks <propmale> for hosting all of the cousins at you awesome grill and bar the boundary  looking forward to doing it again!
"is loving the beautiful weather and seeing showtime 30 @fhs  i am still in disbelief that i saw the first showtime 29 years ago, i certainly don't feel that much older!"
is enjoying the high speed internet while i get my oil changed! it is rather sad that i have to go to <propfirst> bachrodt to enjoy the speedy internet!
"is preparing for her trumpet concert debut  actually it is my 6th grade son's band concert and part of their assignment was to teach an adult how to play their instrument  i found out that it is hard to get a good tone , but i think i can play hot cross buns tonight!  smile "
ready for some fun in the sun with my family!!!!
"thank you all for the awesome birthday wishes!! summertime weekend birthdays are awesome, and i had a busy weekend  working  @ the lc, celebrating the marriage of <propfirst> and <propfirst>( great party <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!) and capping it off with some yummy fajitas at chilies with my family  tomight  sorry  dom and mccall that i missed the reunion, but there are only so many  hours in the day  smile "
ready to celebrate with my college bestie @ her wedding!!! congrats <propfirst> and <propfirst> on your new life together  smile 
"tired from the 12 hour drive home, but had an enjoyable time with all the picks in the smoky mountains!"
looking forward to having a great day  1  watch the carlson huskie football game  2  have a wonderful dinner @ the rafters in <propfemale> with all those leopold cousins 3  try not to embarrass myself bowling with the afore mentioned cousins @ spare time lanes ( had to mention it for you for you steph!)
congrats to my niece <propfirst> and her new husband <propfirst>! looking forward to celebrating your marriage today!!!!!!!!!!
papa dels= yummy!!!!
thankful that all appear unharmed in todays tornado  thinking of my husband and his coworkers as they begin the long cleanup required to get their grain elevator put back together and functioning again 
"will the christmas shopping be completed today??? probably not, but i am hoping to get close!"
back home after a foggy ride home from champaign urbana  it was great to see the campus with my kids and reconnect with my old friend <propfemale>!
loving my new <propfemale> laptop!!!
excited for our big day in chicago tomorrow and wicked!!!!
"had a great time @ fhs last night watching my niece mccall and brother <propfirst> do their thing at halftime during the father daughter pom pon  halftime show  a special  surprise was seeing  my high school bff <propfemale>, and  remembering memories from back in the day!!!!"
