3460ba8e5b00bfbef258ff993bd4cf12
what happened!?!? wonderful     
"grad partay and younger brother saturday and singin' some tunes sunday at misconduct!  sausage fest, oh yes - no, really, a festival of many sausages, check it out! 4-6      this is gonna be a great weekend     "
phew
breathing
rub-a-dub-dub
"zombie prom sunday, phillies game wednesday, and who knows what in between!!"
doesn't have a clue as to what to be for halloween!!! help please?
halloween!!!! philly bloco @ word cafe live - dance your life away - what a beautiful holiday!!!
"there weren't as many dinosaur-sized players as i thought there would be  i met one, 7'1'', from slovenia, primosh: great w  details, though his man hands could wrap around a bowling ball  <propfirst> is lacking certain critical skills, such as staying in the lines, but i guess that shows creative potential  wyclef should have <propmale> out and painted, but he's still pretty real  excellence check?  overall, pretty effin' cool!"
robotics competition today      let's go students of the high school of the future!!!
"\it's gonna be a beautiful day      \"""""
had a dance dance dancy weekend!!!  love 
"oh, dearest l-day, glad to partake in some delicious cranberries with you on your day 'o' birth!   love love!!!  love "
dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance your ass off
"home sick and headed home sick for the holiday, but definitely not homesick     "
"not too bad today, i do have to say"
tonight?  perhaps a stroll in the lovely night air a few blocks down the road to the blue banana for some creative blabber 
bruises are fun
has decided she's going to be lady gaga when she grows up     
"is sick again!!! wow, over thx break, it was strep throat, upper respiratory infection, and sinus infection, now sinusitis! eff this     "
???????????????!!!  make it awesome     
"philly bloco, thank you oh so much - you rock my world!!!  feliz cumpleanos to my brother, <propfirst>, and auntie <propfemale>!!  too much love      xoxoxox"
 love 
just got an interview with the jet program in nyc!!!!!!!
jet interview in nyc the 22nd of februaryyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!  so pumped     
less than a week!!!      better study up on some more ?? culture so i don't look like a fool        so excited!!!!!!!  ><
nice day for a day of birth for once!!!
"come back, nice weather!!!"
has been accepted into the jet program!!?
"in a few months, i'll be working in kochi-ken, japan      wooohoooo!!!"
"yasuda-town, kochi-ken, japan in one month!!!  smile   smile   smile "
"it will be nice to be away from the i-something and mc-whatsit world and get some good, clean, japanese country air      one last week!!!  surprise "
"last <propmale> to <propfemale> out!!! what shall we do?  fox and hound, $2 pints & karaoke?  lunch sometime?  tuesday or wednesday is good, not sure what is happeneing after that!  i'd like to see everyone before i leave, so let me know!  agh!"
"fox and hound, as usual, tomorrow (tuesday) night!  please come out and have a pint or two (or whatever) and chill with me before i take leave of this country   give me a call if you can make it!  i'm sure i'd love to karaoke it up one more time philly style before my journey! i know i'd love to see your pretty face     "
made it to japan safe and sound   i don't think it's really hit me that i'll be here for a year   i miss my love      xoxoxox
"wow, what a <propfemale> place with big personalities!  this is going to be a tough one      looking forward to the challenge! wah!"
missing so many things and people   enjoying my new e playful lorations and e playful eriences every day   sweating and sleeping   living and loving   don't think i've quite come to terms that this will be life for at least one year       surprise 
"working on driving <propmale> on the other side of the car, on the other side of the road, in a <propfemale> toy car, with a great instructor!!!  tough work, haha"
aaah      the most perfect beach i've ever e playful erienced
days are getting loooonnnngggeeeerrrrrrrrr     
"there's going to be a calligraphy exhibition at yasuda-cho boe  bunka center, where i work      you should come and check it out if you can (if you're in japan)!!!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ofd-szgweto&feature=related
all it took was one nice rain for this moss to turn green and come alive and squishy again!
soooooo excited to actually be teaching now!!!
"they like me because i am \strong with drink\"""""
http annoyed  www accuterm com 15-truly-bizarre-mental-delusions html
so glad the rain finally decided to join this party     
when will time be on my side again?
"body      beat      the f*@% up      ugh      good times, though!"
"almost stepped on a huuuuuge snake coming down those shrine steps to go to work      i cannot remember the last time i screamed so loud, such a nice surprise!  x~x"
it was nice to have to bundle up for once      welcome back sun      i suppose      ?
boom boom shakalakalaka?boom ??????????????????
now the proud user of internet at home!!!  after two months and three days       holy hell     
so it's the medicine making me zonk out      wow       sorry in advance to everyone who comes in contact with me for the next 3 days   didn't even feel the earthquake     
fuzzy spider as big as my hand in my toilet room      not cool       sad 
"yes yes yes!!!  me, too, please!!!!!!!\http annoyed  www geek com articles geek-cetera wingsuit-skydiving-2010107 "
"man refused to adapt to his environment so he adapted his environment to suit him  he built cities, roads, vehicles, machinery, put out power lines to run his labor-saving devices  but, the more he improved things to make his life easier, the more complicated he made it  now his children are sentenced to 10-15 yrs of school just to learn how to survive in this complex and hazardous habitat they were born into "
"today, i filled my first car up with gas for the first time   i felt so proud!!!  i know      what a loser       playful \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008"
paid in two days        i wanna know who said it was ok to get paid only once a month!!! booooooooooo     
"woke up feeling hungover      snuffy nose, sore throat, cough      damn it!  i refuse to use any more of my days off feeling crummy!  needless to say, i got attacked when i came to school by a swarm of concerned japanese teachers      asking if my armpits were hot     "
"so, i'm definitely missing a fish   had 9   now there are 8   one of the big ones (there were only 2 big ones)   no remains left in the tank   no sign that it flopped out and died   nothing   no effing anything to tell me what happened to my poor little fishy!  kinda creeps me out     "
"i'm a little rough with my car, but i think she likes it  wink "
"on the walk home, i've noticed the giant spiders have now become heaps of little spiders      then i got home and realized the same was going on in my house      congratulations, mama spiders!  if i'm feeling nice, i might let your children live! mwahahahaaaa!"
"my wrist still hurts from archery, bah     "
aaaaaaaaand they put me back in the mask     
some typhoon this ended up being!
dear halloween      you are my favorite!
could probably punch the bones out of someone today      >?<
"if everyone is cold in school, why are the damn windows open!?!?"
sick of being sick
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wbexi45wnyq&nr=1&feature=fvwp\\hahaha, sorry, just watched mortal kombat"
??????????
"no class until 2 smile 0 and i'm stuck in this office with little to nothing to do until then because my japanese co-teacher is a workaholic, as usual      bah!!!"
"before i forget, if anyone on the east side is interested in going to a japanese chorus concert in muroto the last weekend in november, please let me know!  my elementary school's vice principal in singing in it and she's selling tickets   i told her i might go with some friends, so please let me know!"
taiko blisters
"??      i'm in love      \http annoyed  www tippermusic net "
"new couch?: check\new carpet?: check\new bag?: check\love in japan?: check back in about a week!!!"
"http annoyed  www jaffamood com unbelievable-restaurant-wc-in-japan \\jesus, japan      it's not even cute anymore     "
"anyone in east-side kochi want to go to the chorus concert in muroto tomorrow???  i'm going hitori if no one else comes      which is fine, but      let me know!!!  laugh "
"in two days, magic will once again stream into my soul and life will once again be blissful      yeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!"
and so begins my odyssey  love 
winter is so much warmer now       love  ! ! !
"in inaka (japanese countryside) for the holidays      sorry, philly, maybe see you in the spring or summer?  much love, brother!  love "
"pay it forward in 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must, in turn, post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must\be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 \\i'll try to make something good for you, haha     "
"two socks per foot, two pairs of tights, four skirts, four top layers and my giant gaijin feet just can't seem to stay warm over here!  teachers gave students a ton of work to do over winter break and now students have half days so teachers have time to correct it all      i don't get to correct papers   not much else to do but think about how cold my feet are      well, at least it isn't snowing!  happy 2011!   laugh "
probably the coolest vice-principal ever      just handed me a 2-3 liter jar of plum wine      sweet!!!   troubled   free boozes from the boss man!
"my <propmale> might just have a job in kochi      life just got 1,000,000 times more exciting!!!  love   ???????"
"yep, that was definitely an earthquake      wooo ????? troubled "
i guess they could call me      accident inevitable?  sheesh       why does everything break around me?!?
"ok, knee - surgery scheduled for the 18th of feb   a possible detatched  torn ligament and medial cartilage damage that needs orthoscopic surgery   too complicated now   very minor, small cut, put to sleep during   hospitalized from the 17th to 24th   until then, crutches and booze are good friends  thanks to <propfirst> for putting up with shit through it all   glad you could take care of me       love  ???????"
don't be angry about <propfirst>'s day      just think about the people you love and the people that love you      whoever that may be!!!  love 
?so excited to be walking in the next few days!!!  surgery is in the next hour or so      eeeep!
fuck japanese pain meds!
"?i have climbed mountains, hiked great big trails, ridden a horse, played with numerous martial arts and dances, repelled off of buildings, skydived      and taken a shower on two feet for the first time in a month   that was one of the most difficult things i've ever done!  [iminent rb=anim]walking so soon!!![ rb]  troubled \\_____________\i have just posted some super text fx! to see them, click here: http annoyed  go im koldpq2"
what a bad time for rain and clouds       sad 
"just tasted some bread i made      whoa damn, delicious!  first time bread-making!  wooo!  is yeast vegan?"
"how nice it is to have this whole place to myself!  this whole bed, the whole couch, meals all to myself, all the clothes on the floor mine, all the dishes mine,       now please excuse me while i choke on those words  sad   come back now, please!"
"don't worry too much, baby!  something good will come our way soon!  xo  love "
i'm so flipping flustered today that i left for physical therapy 2 hours early (14 smile 0 instead of 4 smile 0)      just walked right out of the boe!!!  should have stayed there      idiot gaijin lady     
"tsunamis and earthquakes all over japan!!!  kochi-ken is ok, though      tsunami only got to 1 meter   ????!?!?"
"if you are in japan, some websites have been blocked      if you want to see what has been going on      \http annoyed  www bbc co uk news world-asia-pacific-12709856"
"sucked out all the color     \\http annoyed  www abc net au news events japan-quake-2011 beforeafter htm\\i'm trying to keep my mind off of things with movies   pineapple e playful ress was a lot better than i had e playful ected     "
"thank you all for your birthday wishes!  i have been safe here, no worries   it was an ok day (cold) teaching middle school followed by a lovely night and a <propfemale> sip of <propfemale> liqueur      yum!   troubled   happy st  <propfirst>'s day!!!  get you green on!!!  love "
"days are soooooo loooooong if you have little to nothing to do      why don't they use me like they should?  when you're busy, time flies!!!"
who wants to come with me to okinawa for <propfemale> week?  from april 29th to may 7th?  any takers?  i'm dead serious and ready to get my ticket now!!!
nice      http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=u6xapnufjjc&feature=player_embedded
