a5dfbdbd94385336c3d40d4df7aa7e78
happy new year everybody!
this sucks  i forgot my lunch and i cant pee  weak 
almost out of minutes again  sorry everybody! maybe someday i wont be so lame  and poor   laugh 
hates the grand rapids bus system 
sooooo close! yet still so far away! i will be so happy when this day is over!
freeeeeeeedom!!!!!!!
smiling  laugh 
waiting for the hours to go by
is very hopeful
my back hurts
"saw <propmale> potter last night  my review: extremely entertaining but as a die hard nerd, i was disappointed  the half-blood <propmale> is not a romantic comedy, so why did i just watch one?"
needs to get more sleep  and plug in another alarm clock so i cant sleep through the two i have again   
"hey, would anyone out there with a car be willing and able to give me a ride to the train station on wed july 29th at 10 pm to pick up my darling friend <propfemale>? i'll love you forever    !"
graaaahrrrr! im feeling loopy today ;p tehe!
you would thinking sleeping 12 hours would be enough but i want to go curl up in my bed again!
has a love hate relationship with humanity
played magic the gathering for the first time yesterday and thinks this good be the budding of a very fine friendship indeed
i love my family and my friends  i wish there were more time for me to be there for all of them all the time  to everyone- i love you!
heading down to the mustache gallery later for the gr8 show  if youre in town you should go! its gonna be awesome!
"wish i didnt have to work so i could be at home, snuggled in bed  rainy days in the bookstore are so dull   "
apartment hunting blows 
just waiting things out until i can breathe again
forgot what miserable felt like
feeling much better today  sorry for being all melodramatic   
"built a better, faster deck  tehe!"
"heard a rumor that disney is making a play to buy out <propfemale> for 400 billion dollars  my gad, what will happen to the universe?!?!"
sick of smoking  i think it might be time to actually call it quits 
shocked and appalled  when did <propfemale> go so awry?
"its almost over  please, please, let it be so "
"calling all persons with a vehicle and or a little extra storage space! here's the deal: my lease is up today, but i cant move into my new place until oct 1  presents a problem doesnt it? if you can help me move some stuff or have some some space where you wouldnt mind me stashing some things for up to 2 weeks, pleeeeeease call me  (616)666-4490  much love! thank you!"
ouch  gwar kicked my butt 
feeling blue  or maybe bluish-green   
"wants to know if whistling at a woman has ever, ever been an effective strategy for picking up women  seriously, why do they do it? i cant imagine that working on anyone  ever "
only one week to go!
"suddenly e playful eriencing a localized headache twinge on the left side  god, i am boooorrrrrreeeed! ill be at argos for another hour, if anyone wants to visit me    laugh "
"is feeling really stupid  foot in mouth, kick myself in the butt, pitt in the stomach, stupid "
is stubborn  and always will be  take that to the bank!
only 2 days to go! i am so excited for <propfirst> and i to have our own place!
seriously disappointed 
"is trying the whole push-up routine again  thus far, i have increased by 2 push-ups in the last 4 days  go arms, go!"
moving tomorrow evening if anyone wants to put their bodies to work to help me        
hates the drama  the lack of honesty  and that my apatment still isnt ready  can this week end already?
bowie is the man!
feeling the rain a little too deep in my bones and soul 
loving my new apartment  finally!
was never eligible for the <propmale> foundation  *sigh*
i wish i were a squid 
lost my really nice fuzzy gloves my mom gave me  i have no idea how this happened but it makes me sad  sad 
anyone in eastown feel like being a good samaritan to a <propfemale> in need?
"please, please, please, tell me i leant one of you my copy of the alchemist and that my aweful ex-roomate didnt steal it  i unpacked my books last night and it is missing  that book means alot to me!"
had no idea caring for someone could backfire so horribly  hopefully this all turns out ok 
discovered more books gone missing  so not cool 
"it is not my day  why? why???? i popped a tire on my bike riding through gravel which i thought a mountain bike could handle  god knows when ill be able to fix it, so now im bikeless "
"immediately afterward i get an accusatory voicemail about things that were not even close to my fault, and now im at work and dont have any cigarettes cause i forgot them at home along with my bike lock  hopefully no one wants to steal a bike with a flat tire "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate today  i hate it so bad 
"sorry for being so dramatic, people! im doing better today  smile "
is denouncing my friendship with red wine 
"feeling anxious  like ive forgoten something really important or a storm is brewing that i ought to be aware of  what is it? im listening wind, what are you trying to tell me?"
"my loathing for <propmale> cage has just grown deeper  \big daddy\"" from kickass?!?! you've got to be kidding me!"""
 annoyed 
i wish it werent raining so we could run about town for <propfirst>'s bday  hopefully the rain will stop later for the zombie walk  sad 
what a busy day! i cant wit to go back to sleep   
cant wait to see my chicapay!!!!!!!!
feeling very twisted sister today 
anyone in gr have extra seats to tc over thanksgiving?
sends all my love to tj and <propfemale>  <propfemale> in there you two  im so very sorry  love 
sooo very tired and sad  not to mention disappointed 
"needs to stretch my body and mind  flex, flex, flex!"
turning over a new leaf and finding myself beneath it  i won't lose you again 
"is it possible to quit smoking and lose weight at the same time? if i gain wieght in this process, im gonna be pissed  i do not have money for a new wardrobe and if it comes down to giving in to my fat or my cigarettes, those rotten cigs might win  i wish i had a treadmill    "
"still trying to figure out my ride home for thanksgiving  if anyone is heading north tomorrow after 3pm, pleeeeeeease take me with you! i want to see my family!"
what an intense day!
has the cutest nephew ever!
anyone in grand rapids able and willing to teach me how to crochette this week?
no! bad <propfemale>!
"come on family!!! i need you lists, or i cant send them out! i guess ill send out the meager four ive gotten so far  hopefully ill get the rest soon!"
when do i get my nerd badge? i feel like ive earned one at this point and i want to sew it on my vest   
is not 
"still likes you, she's just totally out of phone minutes  no hard feelings please!"
so i finally bought minutes for my phone only to discover i have misplaced it  where the **** did it go?!
what was lost is now found  thanks you <propmale> and tj!!!!
had the most pleasant surprise this afternoon  laugh 
"hey peeps  if anyone is heading up north next tues or weds, please let me know! i need to take as little time off work as possible, but i also need to get home to see the fam! if you have space for one or two in exchange for gas money, please let me know!!!"
i wish i were crocheting   
is so very female  *sigh*
not very awake and getting anxious for the comics to arrive so i might be able to take a lunch at some point today   
"one hour to go time  hey family, here i come!!!!"
sleepy 
finally won a game of mahjong  booyah!
whew! made it through another one! love you guys! thanks for everything this year  laugh 
just me and the juneau dog
sometimes i realize im a jerk 
splenda is gross  never again  i want the real thing!
"had an intense morning of dreams  wow, i alamost didnt get out of bed today "
light blue
tired  and super sick of not being able to use my phone  sad 
"gonna donate some blood then drink some <propmale> beam  once im outta work, today is gonna be awesome!"
"hates that people would actually steal from this small bookstore  we barely survive and this community needs us  if youre going to steal books, steal them from someplace that can afford to loose them  sure they might have cameras, but that just adds some thrill, right? i guess we just dont scare people well enough  if i catch him in the act, ill never let him back in this store again  jerk "
"eager for the sexual revolution to take the next step and make it socially acceptable for men to wear dresses and skirts  given their anatomy, im sure they would be much more comfortable   "
i feel like a piece of mud on my own shoe  how low 
cant not be feelin this? i am soooooo not feelin this   
monsters?
what a fool
what does sex have to do with golf? i dont understand   
"oh to be amphibious, that would be the life!"
"yelling \relax!\"" at someone is bound to produce the opposite effect """
beer fest! whoo hoo! bought the last 2 tickets at hop cat  playful  anyone wanna drive my drunk a**?
needs to have more fun  but also get more work done  can i accomplish both these things at the same time?!?! only one way to find out   
<propfemale> little raincloud 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"sooo, im taking stock of my comics, books and graphic novels  if i have ever lent you any of the above, could you please return them to me? i keep discovering more of them missing and i just want to know which ones are in the hands of the trustworthy and which i will have to repurchase  thanks!"
is just trying to do whats best for my life 
sometimes whats best makes us miserable   
so tired  so mystified  so hungry 
is not the monster you want me to be in order to absolve yourself  it takes two to create an unhealthy relationship but it only takes one to recognize it for what it is 
might actually eat some food today  smile 
 love  comics
"sometimes when people sucking at their jobs negatively affects my life, i wish i could sabatoge their employment so they could be replaced by someone competent  if only i were more vicious!"
my plans for the night have been cancelled so hit me up if you wanna play!
peggle? what a fantastic game! who knew i would ever have skills at a game other than katamari?  laugh 
i think im due to bake a batch of brownies tonight  i better do it before i eat all the dried apricots i was gonna bake into them! yum              !
scratching at the walls   
g-nomes
i think i forgot to turn off the coffee pot when i left at 11 smile 0 this morning  uh-oh 
never gets the jokes people make about history when im at work  i always have to play along and it always leaves me feeling stupid  stupid history!
"wants to know why there is no <propfemale> emoticon  if you have any leads, please let me know!"
this is a book  a what? a book  a what? a book! oh a book!
needs to buy a notebook  i feel inspired in everything lately and i think i would like to write a book 
life is heavy   maybe i should start pumping iron   
"cant find my little book of pictures including my 7 year old self in a harness on a beach with a pinwheel  its such a great photo   where could it be? this little album had a picture of me from every year of my life, some of them totally priceless! i hope it turns up    its been buggin me for days now!"
needs someone to crack my back   and give me a massage? there's something not quite right happening back there  *ouch*
im at the library and some $^@($ has his head phones on so loud next to me i cant think  jerk 
could use a hug and lots of chocolate  maybe ill go for a long walk when i get out of work today   
had way too much fun yesterday!
i feel like a clog in a sink today  im not sure what that means but for some reason i feel it is true  anyone have a plunger to get me movin?
do you think im dishonest? honestly  please respond   
donate blood today for a free t-shirt! happy earth day!
is now a registered marrow donor 
just came across a photographer named f-stop fitzgerald  tehe   
"i think i burned my lip with cleaner at work   ouch  and they say youre supposed to be able to consume it cause its \non-toxic\""  yeah right """
i  love  u 
is happy and proud to be a woman  so there!
free comic book day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
headed for <propmale> tomorrow night  best  birthday  ever 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! im having a wonderful time out here in <propmale>, but the celebration will continue when i return!"
"feels <propfemale> rejuvenated! im back in town peeps, so hit me up whenever, i still e playful ect birthday drinks  wink "
"furniture officially rearranged, soul at peace  next step: decorating  anyone wanna help me make sure i <propfemale> things straight?"
"if you see me today, im bound to be smiling  smile  what a gorgeous, <propfemale> day!"
"someday, i wish to conquer my fear of heights via hanggliding  or skydiving  or something else so very high up and terrifying that nothing else could ever scare me ever again  ever   smile "
misses hangin in the cemetary with <propfirst>   sad 
i love my friends  thats you guys! thanks for everything  smile ))
i think i slept on my arms all night   i cant feel my fingers and ive been awake for several hours now  annoyed 
"im at the library and i just had to kill a <propfemale> hoping insect that i sincerely hope wasnt a flea  ewwww, i need my own computer "
 laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
sometimes i feel stupid   so i read a book  smile 
thank god its wednesday 
"sometimes you have to make a fool of yourself to realize that, in fact, you are a fool, so you can stop taking yourself so damn seriously and kick back and laugh  smile "
"life is full of beautiful surprises  i  love  you, <propfemale>!"
i sprayed my hair with bathroom freshener today  mmmmm    fresh!
my new life goal? aquire a pet penguin 
"i love these summer rains, they make everything feel so alive "
has the cutest nephew ever! i wish i could stay longer  sad 
"aww shucks, life, i love you too!"
"my awesome little sister is in town tonight if anyone wants to see meet her, call me up!"
could use a serious float in zero g
i hate readers who dont understand the concept of alphabetical order  didn't you learn the alphabet before you learned to read?!
"i need a seriously awesome back, shoulder and neck massage  anyone out there owe me one? or just want to do it cause you love me? ill give you candy   or something, maybe a beer?"
"crap  the fire department just came in and told me we have to do all kinds of things to get this building up to code  my boss is out of town so i guess i better get started   \they suggested a huge sale to clear out the inventory blocking the aisles  i wonder if i would get in trouble if i upped the sale for bizarre bazaar tomorrow??"
your face  is beautiful  smile 
needs more bowie if anyone can help her out with that   bowie!!!
"damn you kickball, you suck me in everytime whether i want it or not!"
"a dead cornfield would be more exciting than this  anyone wants to get a\ drink with me, ill need one when i get out at 6  call me!"
"feeling under the weather and going home early  if anyone want to come over to cheer me up or give me presents for my guts, that would be awesome  smile "
things are gonna happen  big things  smile 
san <propfemale> perhaps?
\women and cats will do as they please, \a5dfbdbd94385336c3d40d4df7aa7e78,i hate it when bad news is charming  seems it usually is   
"looking forward to a clean apartment, just not the cleaning itself  wink "
3 days to go! yesssssssssssss!
"is not as deep of a sleeper as i once was   thanks for the random early morning hello, <propmale>  smile "
hey folks! im almost out of minutes and cant buy more til next friday  feel free to stalk me if need be!!!
"hi everyone! just so you know, i am alive and well and not robbed or hurt in any way  thanks for all you love and concern, sorry for the scare  love "
no kickball on sunday makes <propfemale> a very sad panda  sad 
when good things happen to bad people
so very excited to see the lovely miss saira schutza  love 
"ie yie yie  life is so weird  gotta love it though, it sure keeps blood pumping through my veins  smile "
im i done yet?
my brother is awesome  i love you jabin!!!!!!!!!
 love   love   love 
"hahaha! there really is a group called teenage boys!!! too funny  i have to \like\"" that out of sheer hilarity  rock on """
struck with sudden melancholy  where did you come from?! go away!
"hey peeps, im out of minutes again  i love you, im not ignoring your calls  you know where to find me  love "
is about to loose a toe or 2   
still out of minutes  still love you  still not ignoring you   love 
one can only be oneself and follow one's heart   even if it leads straight to trouble  playful 
would anyone want to house a fat beagle who loves chocolate milk for a month or two?
really? i need to make some <propmale> and do laundry  just try and stop me!
"oh, oil paint, lets never stay apart this long, ever again! i have missed you so and this just feels so right  love "
"so someone says, \you're such a 'traverse city girl '\"" what does this mean?"""
things are looking up(start)
i feel in a fog  come to the bookstore and help snap me out of it  please?
you're so ugly! why would i lie to you? why would i lie?
peachy 
"oh  well, that sucks    oh well "
"if you see me anytime soon, i could really use a hug and or a strong drink  thanks  love "
koumpounophobia is real  so there!!!
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried \but never met, or those we have held but could not take home  make this \your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a\ baby the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is \still    a   taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all the \angels "
someday everything will make sense  its just got to 
word of the day: pussyfoot 
the last 24 hours have been full of interesting and pleasant surprises 
another day of something
could use some instant enlightenment  have they processed that in cans yet?
attn: stealing from small businesses is wrong 
"send the good luck vibes my way, i could use them today  smile "
down to 5 mins on my phone  ill be working and at my house alot so come find me  much love!
is  i guess thats enough for now 
happy birthday   outlook unsure 
boss mustangs!!!!! tonight at mulligan's  free  kick ass  rock and roll  be there 
"argos is now accepting resumes applications for my replacement  for all of you who have been jealous of my job for years, here's your <propmale>! im outta here!!!"
someone hasn't been minding their own business  i am not happy and i will find out who you are  thanks  thanks a lot  jerk 
"things are gonna change  i am growing all the time  even if it isn't obvious, its happening "
needs to stay up all night working on arts stuff  anyone wanna come over to keep me awake and on task???
"you think so?    maybe   maybe not   i don't know \but i try "
street fair!!!! come buy some <propmale> and stuff!
today is going to be okay  so is tomorrow  i have things to look forward to  laugh 
"another successful day of breathing  god, i'm good!"
juke's website say the boss mustangs show saturday has no cover  i really hope that's true  booooo prospecto costing $26! booooo!
was just asked to paint a companion piece to one i sold on saturday! thank you street fair  laugh   laugh   laugh 
anyone with a prospecto pass should use it to see the boss mustangs at jukes tonight  they rock  go  see them  do it!
i wish this month was over  too much to handle these days  anyone out there have all the answers?
this is not my crummy house  this is not my hideous wife  how did i get here?
too many great things happening this saturday night! how do i decide????
"im done at 4  i want to do something  i just dont know what  im almost out of minutes  if someone wants to come to argos around 4 and spare me from myself, that would be super cool  i love you  love "
"oh life,you silly little nixie   "
keeps getting startled by this mannequin   
"if you think you know what i'm doing wrong, you're gonna have to get in line"
"my day just went from bad to worse  sayonara productivity, hello drinkin  anyone care to join me in a toast to one of my favorite relatives, now deceased?"
i wanna thrash
i wish i had days to sleep away
needs to sort through my apartment today  strongly desires company for this to keep me awake and on task  any takers? call me! please?
i will only be in town for 3  more  weeks  and i need company tonight  think about it  do you have something better to do?
found my little photo album! let me know if you wanna see goofy pictures of me as a wee one  smile 
*
you're ugly    but not as ugly as the things i wanna do to you   
was pooped on during my lunch break today  seriously  thanks little <propfemale>!
"bought my ticket to texas yesterday  take that, doubters! i am outta here!"
cleaning out 
things are just too real 
well  i still have too much stuff and i need a carpet cleaner  f  could things get more complicated? anyone who isnt too <propmale> over to help out a friend in need tomorrow: i need you  thanks 
"hey traverse city friends! i will be home all of next week before i move to <propfirst>, tejas! hit me up!  love "
"ok guys  my phone is dead and my charger mia  (everything that can go wrong will, right?) \but tonight is my last night in town before i head out for a week with the fam, then off to texas  ill be at mulligans around 11 and you should be too!!!!!!!!!"
i love you guys  love 
life in the fast lane   too late to slow it down
t c folks! im headed to the loading dock  come have pints with me  laugh 
i  love  the boss mustangs
clearing the dust from my past and rockin out!
"safe and sound in tejas \to those of you i didn't get the <propmale> to say good-bye to, im sorry  i love you and will miss you dearly \to those of you i did get to say good-bye to, im sorry we couldnt make it last longer \i love you all  love "
"wants to find a \grown-up\"" job but is completely intimidated by resume writing """
just had real texan bbq  yummmmmm  smile 
70 degrees and <propfemale>  watching sargeant kabukiman n y pd  and painting  what a good day  smile 
"yay! my new glasses are in the mail! finally, ill be able to see!!!"
oh yeah   i really miss my friends
yaaaayyyyyyy!!!!!! sairas coming to see me!  love   love   love   in 2 1 2 hours i will be the happiest girl in <propfirst>  laugh 
de da <propfirst> da doop <propfirst> do   ine playful licably awake 
i actually almost miss the snow   
my friends are playing attending my dream rock show  not fair  i wish i had stuck around mi a little bit longer  sad 
wow  my life drawings skills a <propmale>   
"i am still (and always) wishing it were easier to translate things from my head into reality  but   i started what seems to be a very nice painting today, hope its stays that way   "
"god, please hlep me get on the right bus and make it to hobby lobby  thanks, i need it "
of course one of the rare overcast nights would fall on the eclipse  lame 
had a terrible morning of life drawing  just have to remember every bad drawing brings me one step closer to a good one  glad i didnt give up halfway through even though i reeeally wanted to 
who needs sleep when you can make cool stuff for your loved ones?
my first green christmas turned out pretty excellent  love 
ack! grrrr  rrrrowl  *pulls at hair*
yay! i actually got myself out of bed before noon ^__^ things are looking up!
is once again employed by <propfirst> <propfirst>'s  haha! i am so happy to have a job  smile 
oh dear  sad  how do i choose from so many great albums?
thinks <propfemale> reinhold and <propfirst> w  <propmale>  are just the best!
"spread the word: a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book with personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age  remove yourself by searching your name, find the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy button to remove yourself  copy & re-post so your fb friends are aware "
"first night back to work and we were super slow   not what i was e playful ecting for a friday night on 6th st  oh well, heres to tomorrow!"
eek! can i beat the <propfemale> to sleep??? im gonna try!
"pay it forward, 2011! i promise to send something handmade to the first five people who leave a comment here  you must in return, post this, and send something to the first five people who comment on your status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your five people sometime in 2011"
is gonna be good enough for me 
o0h no! im not ok with that 
today has been a waste- and not in the cool <propfirst> <propfemale> perkins sorta way 
"woohoo! a day of sandwhiches, wire sculpting, drawing and rock 'n roll! sleep? pft, not today!"
just saw tons of live snails on my walk home :: annoyed uper grin!!!:::
"i really wish i were one of those people who thrived on very little sleep  or at least slept at reasonable hours to make up for the fact that im not one of those people  oh well! im off to bed to read, then be miserable when i get up for work in 4 1 2 hours  cheers!"
needs rembrandt pussyhorse   if anyone is feeling generous and wants to send me a present   
"mmmmm, buttercream frosting  laugh "
"feeling great  a long, but good day  thank you <propfirst> <propfemale> for making it so much easier "
my ipod has completely frozen and will not be reset by the toggle method  any suggestions? im dyin here!
"stupid national storm, detering my friends from coming to see me! good job snow- couldnt make my life directly miserable, but you had to find some way  grrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
had a very nice evening night morning  whatever you want to call it  laugh 
"this book is so so goo! thank god (well, thank <propfirst> w  <propmale>, actually) i have the sequel to read when im finished  smile "
so much for a snowless winter for <propfemale>! boo! although it was really cute to watch a woman plop down in the middle of the sidewalk and joyfully make a snow angel at 4 in the morning  smile 
i didnt have to work this morning  thanks snow  smile 
i have lost 25 pounds and a ton of baggage since this time last year  go me!
another great night for <propfemale>  fingers crossed i wake up in time for work!
"love is supposed to be simple yet somehow, rarely is "
i have a fiery hatred for credit cards  never again  never never never!
its like a nice summer day  i wonder how long it will take before it gets so hot i melt out of my skin   ?
part one of my long awful wait is over  laugh 
beautiful poisonous dream snake 
now has super short bangs  how cute  too bad i dont have a camera so youll all just have to imagine it!
aaarrrrrggggg!!!!!!
"crap  please, please, oh please dont let my debit card and i d  disappear the same day! how will i ever replace one without the other! i have no way to prove my identity to the state of texas, i am not in their system  crap "
