9fa6f6aa9658c7029b008be186fc94e3
"don't hide yourself in regret, just love yourself and you're set  i'm on the right track baby, i was born this way "
when you look with your eyes everything seems nice  but if you look twice you can see it's all lies 
"oh security words, you amuse me "
loves i love charts with a fiery passion 
can't stop listening to retro physical   surprise 
i just caught myself tapping out the rythym to kleiner <propmale>  ffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuu-
ukulele tabs is back up! yeahhh!
"i forgot how much i liked blues  thanks iphone for failing on me, so i could listen to my old ipod   smile "
msg gaga audio= pure amazing  i can't wait to be one of the people screaming for her 
"this beat is so funny, we made it with their money  ha ha ha ha ha ha   "
note to self: buy you love you before you e playful lode from need 
gagapalooza is official!!!
busy busy week ahead of me    busy but epic   laugh 
can't get enough of instrumental covers tonight   
all these all-nighters cannot be good for my health 
cleaning out the basement  i didn't know my dad had a pulp fiction poster   
hmm    i'm thinking palladia>fuse now  they're playing the v fest and glastonbury streams next week  -hits record-  laugh 
thirteen (sixteen counting video phone) nominations? mind=blown 
"gaga i'm coming for you! gagapalooza here we come! counting down the hours, absolutely cannot wait "
"gagapalooza! don't have many pics or vids but i sure as hell have all the memories  what a day, what a day  wish it never ended "
you gotta love how on my irl facebook i'm getting hate about gagapalooza but on here it's nothing but love  monsters ftw
is listening to some <propfirst> thile  i'd love to be able to play the mandolin like that man 
i own one of the sweetest dogs in existence now  how is this possible?
-eyeroll- i forgot how annoying the anime fandom can be   
spending my last day of summer babysitting  wonderful 
"think i need a <propfemale> ale, that was such an epic fail "
"dear busdriver,\i hate you  \-<propfirst>"
so my school's marching band is playing poker face and bad romance this year  looks like i'll be going to at least one football game this year     laugh 
running on an hour and 40 minutes of sleep    cool 
it is 3am  i have to be up at 6 smile 0am  what the fuck is wrong with me?
"they're doing a story on turtle island quartet\ on npr  bitchin "
"louder than sirens, louder than bells, sweeter than heaven and hotter than hell "
living on the radio! -dead-
"stone river eyes and a lonely heart  if i'm living on the radio, they won't tear me apart "
what kind of sick fuck throws puppies into a river?!? i hope 4chan finds this woman and destroys her 
"everything was everything, but baby it's the last show   "
so my mom has to use my laptop till she buys a new one     annoyed  *locks folders*
"i can't decide whether you should live or die  oh you'll probably go to heaven, please don't <propfemale> your head and cry "
ap euro is going to kill me  i'm absolutely certain of it  ><
so i realized it was september today-which made me think that there will be no farmer's market soon  where does the time go? d:
i see you driving downtown with the girl i love and i'm like fuck you  (ooh ooh ooh!)
close reading essays can suck my <propmale>  > annoyed 
hiding out in the bathroom because i couldn't be bothered with doing cardio today  blech  > playful 
glad my grandma is leaving tomorrow   any more of her cackling would make me go insane  > annoyed 
"can't post the actual link since i'm on my phone   but this is sickening \\http annoyed  minnesotaindependent com 64047 anti-gay-group-organizes-in-anoka-schools-as-community-deals-with-gay-suicides"
i like school  minus the homework and the stupid people  so will i enjoy today? no  probably not 
all nighter for no apparent reason  yay for bad  decisions!
sitting in the school library  so much shit to get done  d:
"passion in brooklyn, painted green watermelon  that guys ride is good lookin', good lookin' "
i love you corgi 
"it would take 2,826,206,643 42 of the word \helvetica\"" in helvetica font to reach the <propfemale> and back """
"whether gaga is performing or not, she's going to \a  look fabulous\b  win a shit-ton of awards\c  pretty much pwn everyone else  \so there   laugh "
i never thought i'd be asking <propfemale> to hold my meat purse 
so i was writing notes and putting them in awesome books last week  i put my twitter in there-someone actually tweeted me!  surprise 
<propfirst> ruiz i got the lipglass! thank you thank you thank you!  love 
creepy old dude in my neighbor's backyard  he just caught me looking at him  he's gonna climb in mah window 
going to call my senator soon    what should i say?! i'm nervous   annoyed 
on my way to my grandparents   yippee 
gaga added a chicago date! holy shit  holy shit  i could go to a real monster ball! -dead-
gaga meant business up there  what a powerful speech  it was amusing to listen to imitate homophobic soldiers and make all those meat analogies  here's to tomorrow!
pulling an allnighter  why do i do this to myself again? d:
god dammit 
"so many people became activists for the first time because of this  whatever hopeful ideas of change they had were rejected today  thanks for making us feel more worthless, senators, really "
skipping spanish class  i feel like a bad kid 
it's nearly 8pm and i haven't started on either of my essays  this is going to be a fun night   
not as fucked as i thought  the girl who sits across from me in ap euro is really pretty  (thank god for my monster fb!)
"does anyone have any suggestions for \senior-friendly\"" songs? i'm entertaining my grandma's nursing home soon and i need to be able to fill up at least 30 minutes     playful """
so i just got a response from my republican senator about dadt 
"it certainly is britanny, bitch "
fuck the haters  glee is amazing-this episode reaffirmed that for me 
"\brittany is like the teen-girl <propmale> wiggum of glee \"""""
the only exception has to be one of the easiest songs for the guitar ever 
prosody  http annoyed  ilikelimes com 
5 publicized teen bullying suicides in the past 3 weeks  way too many-ever 
gaga wasn't on tinychat  that is all 
the only thing i have learned from religilous for certain is that <propmale> maher is a giant douche 
there is nothing on for the next hour  time to watch <propfemale> on glee again   laugh 
listening to gaga at lolla (minus you and i) instead of doing ap euro    remind me why i'm taking this class again?  playful 
"and i don't want to be afraid again, it's just that i could use a friend to get me through these changing skies "
(un)happy two months since lollapalooza  i need to go back 
you know how bad i can get   
"there's something, something about this place "
my bio teacher looks like a frog   annoyed 
"you look like an angel, talk like an angel, walk like an angel  but i got wise  you're the devil in disguise "
is making cupcakes  fuck yes 
listening to ditd live makes my little heart hurt  post mb depression anyone?  sad 
some person that runs an artistic cat blog just followed me on twitter  *dead*
"i'm so lunar, yeah, when i get to him, run him over with my rocketship"
"ugh, i keep thinking all of you are talking about the cher   not x-factor <propfemale> <propmale>  (that's her name right?  laugh )"
it's official  dead rising 2 is going to be amazing 
everyone in my family is crazier than i am   
my cat=hoe 
fuck you with something hard and sandpapery 
you know what would be awesome? punching my bio teacher in the face 
together we'll write the greatest story ever told 
there is a problem when i can hear you over my heartbeats-and it's not with the headphones!
"\i suppose we can have a conversation about my very very naughty relationship with beyoncé knowles \"" -lady gaga"""
holy hooker 
"the emas are such bullshit, it's not even funny "
get off my stage! i love her   love 
conan  love 
"if i ever have kids, they're going to be raised on <propfemale> "
"omaha mb is up for consideration with my parents! i'm trying not to get my hopes too high, but    omaha monster ball!  laugh "
played guitar for too long  my poor fingers  d:
the amas are a joke 
"i like how my mother and i have just gotten to a point where she just calls me to tell me to do stuff, even if we're less than 2 rooms away "
we got toms toms over here bigger than a monsta 
"gee, with this new profile pic, it's going to be awkward when i post something depressing   "
"lady gaga is currently suing nbc, claiming law and order are trademarked names for her left and right legs "
"going to see guys & dolls  gaga was in this once! (extremely nerdy, obsessed trivia)"
i got my hair cut yesterday  going to get it dyed a nice warm brown tomorrow night  excited   laugh 
born this way-february 2011  prepare yourselves 
"<propfemale> christmas to all of my wonderful monster friends  may your day be <propfemale> and bright  thank you so much for being so loving, kind and putting up with my general awkwardness   love "
i can't stop listening to pink friday  she really is the best bitch doing it 
i don't sympathize cause you're a simple bitch 
gaga's official facebook doesn't have a profile picture     surprise  was it the btw promo and did it get taken down?
these girls fall like dominoes 
people's flop awards  shouldn't have e playful ected any different   
"smile, you're so fucking famous "
you could be the <propmale> but watch the <propfemale> conquer 
i feel like utter shit  damn you winter sickness 
i don't speak <propmale> but i can if you'd like 
scheiße
"give yourself <propfemale>, and love your friends, subway kid rejoice your truth  in the religion of the insecure i must: be myself, respect my youth "
happy international lady gaga day everybody!  laugh 
i can't believe she wrote this in 10 minutes  it's so amazing 
today was a successful day  yes indeedy 
subway kid rejoice your truth 
the only downside to fantastic weather is screaming children all around my neighborhood 
so basically i was healthy for 2 days and now i've spiraled back down into the pits of illness  i hate life  d:
i'm stunned  born this way is everything i wanted and more 
"i took my love and i took it down  i climbed a mountain and i turned around\and i saw my reflection in the snow-covered hills  well, the landslide brought me down "
<propfemale>'s lament  love 
would it be wrong to call perfectionist nearly perfect?  playful 
