3c529842559d2dc6f512fb8ba7358836
"home again, home again, jiggity jig    "
is hangin out with the nephew  woot woot!
is captain oblivious! prepare to be hero-ized!!!!!
just adores <propfemale> stanwyck  that kinda acting just doesn't exist anymore!!!
"is in tennessee  arkansas, here we come!!!"
is in indiana at a hotel  soooo sick of being in the car 
"is home again, home again jiggity jig-tastic!"
misses her peoples    come back to meeee!!!!
is increasingly anti-edward <propmale>  jerk 
wants to make a law  nobody ever lets me make laws     
is proud to announce the creation and implementation of her new law   later 
needs a hug 
oh i hate <propfirst> <propmale>!
just put <propfirst> to bed  hanging out with rigg watching wrestling 
watched <propmale> drool from the eye balls
's eyes are a desert of sadness     
's feet hurt!
all we need is some ice creaaaaaam         and a hug 
thinks that people who are people are definately people except when they're not 
"from this day forth, good and food shall rhyme  i decree it and it shall be so "
"dx is back, baby!!!!!!!!"
grawr!!!!! i am the terror of <propfemale> town!
is unbelievably sad at <propfirst> young
"happy sabbath, everyone!"
is watching clue! what a hi-larious movie 
is under pressure  da da da dadada da 
cm punk is just so darn cute!
"knows that the nfl channel must be a torture device sent straight from the deepest, darkest pits of hell to torment poor, unfortunate sisters "
needs a diet dr  pepper now please  now  please  now 
<propfemale> latifah is hi-larious! i am soooo amused 
so yeah   that was interesting   
the battle was long and hard but atlast   lukus has finally lost the war and is sleeping peacefully  i am an amazing aunt!
wants a private store of bomb ombs    think of the possibilities!
"give it up, mojoke!"
"is gonna be alright now  everything's gonna be alright! get down, stay up all night  now let's do it one more time  everything'll be alright, alright!"
you never know when i might get the urge to play backgammon again   i'm a fiend!
hey hey hey    sick of football  wow  so amazingly sick of football  the word makes my heart hurt  but whatevs   i guess i'll go   read a book or something    
has gotta go to work in the mornin'! super yay 
grawr-go-naut!!!!! anger!!!! anger!!!! rawr!
needs a two minute monologue from a movie  a funny movie  any ideas?
starts her crazy new semester in the morning! time to get my learnin on!
woot! goin to gettysburg tomorrow  family camping trip!!
*sniff*   i bruised my artichoke heart     *sniff*
tragedy! is there no justice in this world?!?
my prayers are with you!!!
alriiight    i'm back!
"two days til we invade gettysburg  hostile takeover, yes?"
could it be?      h1n1 flu?    duh duh duh
i     am      alpha!
so    sleepy     
doesn't quite know if she's angry or sad or an intense mixture of both  either way    she's not happy 
needs eggs!
is getting happy!
happy thanksgiving to you!
watching me <propfemale> trek again! i'm so excited  it's finally miiiine!
it's the christmas season!!!!!
christian owns this crowd     
my house is so pretty!
one more paper to due before 6 o'clock     i thrive on pressure!
this is soooo cool! so much snoooow!
just watched kota write his next beacon article
i just asked <propmale> where uncle kota's muscles are and he punched poor uncle kota in the crotch 
"happy new year everyone! except you  you know who you are, you! merry-joyous new year to you!"
i don't want to be bedecked! i like to do my own bedecking!
bru ha ha!
"i, sir, am a blackguard!"
you know how you feel when you don't know how you feel? that's how i feel 
don't worry-- i'm not a myth 
somethings are never gonna change    bing is always gonna be the man for me despite his unusually large ears 
     *sniff sniff*      my poor poor car     
"shut up, <propfemale>! and put some pants on!"
i think i would like some buttered toast   but the toaster is so faar away    
must    clean     
cannot believe how sick you can get in one day   (liking this status would be a very rude thing to do) 
my poor denny    always getting hurt 
the cars are beginning to emerge from the pits of the fluffy depths of shoveling hell
i do not care to belong to a club who accepts people like me as members    ~julius <propfemale>
"i don't know which is worse, outsiders messing with the family or insiders messing with the family  all i know is that it's gonna stop now or i'm gonna have to get involved "
is watching sherlock jr  nothing like a good silent comedy to make a good day better 
i would like to go to the movie house   
break is over   back to class 
dude   that was 44 ounces of slush on the floor of my car!
do you know what i didn't put a razor blade in? this orange!
please vote: who's more awesome   robert arrogant womack or me?
it's my mama's birthday! yay mama!
just use a splash of lemon juice!
power's out  boooring  entertain me! cell phone is active 
"my parents have a facebook   my grandmother has a facebook   i didn't even know they could use the computer  actually, i'm still not sure how proficient my mother is  lol "
must   play   fable   
"give me a slice of apathy cake, ninja lassie!"
i'm a di-genarian! yay me!
"domain, function, rationalize the numerator, radical e playful ressions   why doesn't this count as a foreign language?"
   i really outta consider a new computer 
i wanna bring saw to my city!!!
is okay!
he may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you  he really is an idiot 
can we have fast food everytime we make the bad guys go away?
"beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetleshoes!"
i'm so glad i don't live in the real world 
i wanna be a 9 year old prodigy   
looks like the screw-up <propfemale> was here again 
oh no     got smitten by a angry gang
god is the supreme commander of the ultimate justice league!!!
had a great time but is glad to be home 
my mama just told my  brother he doesn't walk with his buttocks extremely tight  i guess that's good news   
"one project down, two more and 9 tests to go  yay finals!"
"your reality, sir, is lies and balderdash and i'm delighted to say that i have no grasp of it whatsoever!"
just seriously fell in love with a pair of shoes 
this is kinda stressful   
needs a new dollar  or seventy 
don't stop belieeeeeevin'   
need   coffee   
"just applied! maybe something will happen, maybe not  it's not in my hands anymore, but in the hands of the one who will never put a mountain before me that i cannot climb, the one who promised to be with me always, and the one who has only the best planned for me "
i have decided that yeti is an odd hybrid between a cat and a ferret 
so i just registered for an online pe class  i think i have achieved a new level of lazy 
bout to take my math final  i feel like crying   and then throwing up  and then maybe a little more crying
starts back at school on tuesday 
remind me to thank my parents for not naming me <propmale> beaver  just a note 
my new goal in life is to reach the same level of sanity as h m  murdock 
"busy day tomorrow, but it'll be very exciting!"
so   i was drinking a frappe   and i looked on the table and in a box was doogan squire 
making gnomes unhappy makes me very happy!
dakota    seriously    not a good idea    
"the only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not  - <propfirst> twain"
yay! yay yay yay yay yay! that's all i can say! just yay!
monkey-tailed skink!
46 1 2 hours to go!
organ's broke at church   so we have clown music
"twenty, twenty, twenty, twenty-four hours to go!"
leverage!!!
she only follows one rule; the rule of the sea!
   power's out   
aha! baby's asleep! score  just an hour and a half until she gets picked up  this is fun!
only one more week of summer classes!
wooo! leverage tomorrow!
"gorillas, huh? sure nice to be the skipper "
"<propfemale> needs to sleep    like now  help me put a baby who doesn't want to sleep to   well, sleep "
last day of government! wooo! summer session rocks 
bout to watch the a-team!
"that was such a good movie! i have some qualms with it, but it was pretty great "
need    to play     sims     
talk nerdy to me!
company's here! woooo!
leave tuesday for pre-con  i've got so much to do before then!
my mama just told me that crack is income  hmmm    
woo! 68 <propmale> outta mo 
i heart everyone  except that guy  and her   and that thing 
hannibal meeeeans!
"apparently, my mother has been on a safarai e playful edition   "
is <propfemale> the water dragon's biggest fan!
wooo! conference has officially started!!!
i am of the opinion that all presentations should be done through interpretive dance 
you all need to be proud of me   i just walked  alot  lol 
initiating sequence    sabbathizing in 3   2    1
this is a sad time  *sad eyes*
ahahaha! i have finger tape!
list for the mentors have been posted! please talk to me if you didn't get it!!!!!
does anyone know where davonne <propfirst> is from?
i am purple-headed!
ready for his day 
"sunday, roast beef!"
you'll survive!    or not 
every day is random accent day!
so my pastor just told all of the young adults to make children for the
so my pastor just told all the young adults to make children for sabbath school 
school starts tomorrow  just reviewed my schedule and it looks even better now  yay me!
"well, my days of not taking you seriously have certainly come to a middle   "
i've got a good mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it 
i'm not gonna let a machine steal my joy
"no matter what i do, no matter what i try, no matter how inventively i finagle, 'food' and 'good' just refuse to rhyme  and that hurts me "
my laziness is being carefully and tenderly nurtured in this learning establishment  so glad i took that on-line pe course last semester 
"what's on your mind, curse you?!? must you always nag me with the same question?"
"i really ought to be doing homework, but i have zero motivation right now "
i need a big ole scoop of ice cream   and then a massive hug  and then a cupcake  and maybe another hug  but mostly the cupcake 
time flies like an arrow  fruit flies like a banana 
harry's alive!!!!!
"lukus is gangsta, with his pants on the ground "
had so much fun tight rope walking around the town center tonight 
<propfemale>'s version of <propfemale> in wonderland is the best ever    partially because i'm in it    
just finished my math test with 32 seconds to spare 
"apparently 'nd' stands for notre dame, *not* north <propfemale>  whatever "
there's no shame in being in hufflepuff 
"   apparently, my name is nothing "
"i'm not afraid of you! or your silly bracelet    okay, it's not silly "
lol party! wooooo!
makarai is a cookie smoosher  shaaaaame 
is in a relationship with sleep 
so my e-mail was hacked  sucks  it sent out a bunch of probably tainted materials  please don't open anything from that e-mail address  i have a new one so message me if you want it 
does not have a back-up unit for her existence 
does not have a back-up unit for her existence 
i think   for the first time ever    i have a favorite football player    it's the first sign of the apocalypse
had an amazing time today hanging out with the metro churches! we need to do stuff like this waaaay more often 
i love grocery shopping with my mama  she makes everything so funny    and odd 
my mother's a bully 
"it's 106 <propmale> to chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses  hit it "
grawr! the beast has awoken!
hey people! how's the continuing going?
god works in the weirdest ways   seriously 
"i hope they're all looking non-chalant, or i'm gonna have to kill them    "
hey! there's a point-of-view monster heading right this way!
revenge is sweet    and so is caramel 
insanity is just a state of mind 
i feel like a kentucky-fried idiot 
<propmale> museums    what did i do to deserve this?
tired    so tired    need   nap 
my mama is so high right now   cough syrup and her should never mix  ever 
it's like i'm only capable of ironic attacking   
it's national smack a twilight fan day!
is in salem for my cousin's wedding apple butter festival 
   sunburned 
getting ready to watch my cousin get married!
i iced a fool and i liked it!
guess what?!?
"the thing about <propmale> interviews is that    you kinda gotta know what they're talking about  or else, they're laughing their faces off and you're just kinda   confused  very, very confused "
"the boar's head it hand bear i, be decked with bays and roooooosemary!"
"noooo, <propfirst> maine! no more drinks! you're breaking her heart    waaaaaah!"
    i seem to have misplaced my common sense    
ihop! woooo!
cabin can be in danger in more ways than one 
this baby is so gross   how could a parent let their kid stink this bad???
they're just making stuff up now!
"\i see pride! i see power! i see a bad *<propmale>* who don't take no crap offa nobody!\"" disney dubs are the bestest """
"oh, <propfirst> <propmale>  you silly, silly man "
all the things that i've missed! the black plague    the spanish inquisition    the <propmale> bunch reunion!!!
"there are pandas   crazy, angry pandas   "
i got ebenezer ii back today! woot! and i'm going back to high school in the morning    don't know how i feel about that 
is having an amazing movie week  just   amazing 
why is it so hoooottttt? *whine*
i think i'd make an amazing villian 
is cleverly disguised as someone else   
"curse you, <propmale> gates! stand closer to the dilapidated building and have an \accident\"" already! why must you taunt me with your continued existence?!?"""
"for those of you in <propfemale> who have not voted, please please please vote <propfemale> spach for governor  she'll kick face! and, thus far, she has one vote   "
wow   this is   awkward
has a new philosophy for life! ask me about it!
"never in my life have i had occasion to fear <propmale> bears but the time has apparently come  i'm scarred   possibly for life  thank for that, <propmale> "
what isn't troubling me?
"was in a car accident  poor, poor peanut  *sad face*"
"we no longer say yes, instead   we say 'affirmative'    unless it's in a more colloquial situation "
faaaiiiillllll for life! argh! how could i be so forgetful?!?
oh my gosh! my scarf matches my pajama pants! it's <propfemale>! fate! oh joy!    and i have no idea why i'm so excited about it    but i am! woooo!
had an amazing time hanging out with <propfemale> cruzan this weekend!!!
what a beautiful sabbath day! praise god from whom *all* blessings flow!
movie marathon!!!
"hello, feet  imma draw you   "
grawr! this is maddening!!!
"i wanna be the very best, like no one ever was!"
my mama just bought me and now for something completely different!
<propfemale> says i don't need to change my status every twelve seconds   so i thought i'd give you all that update 
sometimes   these guys are just    creepers    i don't know if insane creepiness was attractive in the 20s   but it was certainly abundant 
i have an addiction    
"so my nephew just made me walk all the way up the stairs to give him a kiss  and then, he looks at me and says, \fall down the stairs\"" and points to where he wishes me to fall to my doom  that's what i call love """
money isn't everything  but i like to have it around until i can choose a misery that is more agreeable to me 
"tuna <propmale>, tuna <propmale>, i sing praises to tuuuuunaaaaaa maaaaaaac!"
my commitment to grow my hair out has failed miserably 
"now that we're done with all that silly thanksgiving business, i can focus on christmas properly and exclusively!"
first hot chocolate of the season! woot woot!
first week of advent!
is ready for a christmas movie marathon  gotta get scrooge from <propfemale> first    what am i saying??? all of december is a christmas movie marathon   
"mutiny! it's mutiny!!! mean spirited, angry, angry mutiny! my white christmas dvd is missing    *sniff*     "
"i love the great dictator    so very, very, very much"
why doesn't dominos show the slaughter houses on their commercials? that'd be intense!
"dakota   i'm so very, very, *very* impressed   let's watch the muppet christmas <propfirst>!"
news flash: icp loves their mommies!
"so busy! i got a ton of stuff to do by wednesday  not getting stressed though, cause i'm having fun!"
so i'mma need help planning <propfemale>'s campaign for county executive 
every semester i tell myself that i'm not going to procrastinate   and every semester ends up in a mad dash to get everything done the day before it's due 
"you better watch out, you better not cry *wipes imaginary tear*, you better not pout    why?   i'm tellin you why!!!!"
"finished my final with four minutes to spare! phew, that was close but i feel good about the test "
one last assignment and then two more finals   and then finished! woot! 3 5 classes finished 
4 5 classes finished! one last test and a presentation   
"woooo! one more <propfemale>, little, itsy, bitsy, teensy, weensy presentation and i am finished until <propfirst>  25!"
finished!!!! woooooo!
i have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it!
"professor, y u no post grades?!?"
rockin out at me other house!
had a great christmas! praise god for family and friends!
new phone! woo!
my phone is smarter than me   
is struggling to sign for these classes! but i get the feeling i'm doing what god wants me to do and know he will bless me for sticking to his sabbath 
watching the very first episode of snl ever with my mama and <propfemale>!
never realized <propfirst> <propmale> was so amusing   
so voyage of the <propfemale> treader was a perfectly acceptable movie  i could see myself recommending it 
you'll never know when i'll want to play backgammon again  i'm a fiend!
is feeling throughly disenchanted  sad  but i'll be okay 
is so very proud of her baby brother!
watching some pre-codes
you've got your <propfemale>- now buzz!
happy sabbath!!!
everyday's a birthday when i want it to be!
i gotchu fo life
"thank you, god, for reminding me that you are sovereign!"
why is it raining??? it's snow time    anger   
just found out one of mama's coworkers is the niece if <propmale> pride  geekin out!
sang wonderful grace of jesus in church today  now i'm ready for conference
pokeballs don't work on people   
"happy sabbath! different speaker this morning and we're singing \be thoui my vision\"" """
"god will turn our mourning into joy  thank you, abba father, for restoring faith despite my faithlessness "
i miss having a radio in my car  i'm really sick of singing songs to myself over and over in different voices 
final semester at the cc starts tomorrow!
last semester at the community college    i feel like such a big kid now
"i have nothing to say to you, <propfirst> frampton "
<propfemale> spach i figured it out!
the trouble with birthday cake is that you can really only have it once a year 
"boys, you got to learn not to talk to nuns that way "
is at i'sha's baby shower! so excited to see my other sister!
i really need to do this homework   but i'm having a super hard time focusing 
i'm going to ireland! woooooo! *happy dance*
"happy birthday to my homie, <propmale> <propmale>! happy 164th, dude! thanks for movies!"
i feel that reality is severley lacking   
"so i dunno if this is weird   but whenever anyone calls me <propfemale> (with the exception of my dear papa), i feel like i just got yelled at   "
i love when it rains  free car wash! especially when there's no washer fluid  laugh 
i really love <propfemale> corn 
"no thanks, i prefer to bask in my ignorance "
gah! i can't get motivated!
"i love oreos  i think they are, quite possibly, the love of my life "
"<propfemale> spach: did you really take both chairs?\<propfemale> ckt watt: yeah, does your tookus really need two chairs\makarai stone: *yells really loud* yes, <propfirst>, my tookus needs two chairs!"
just took the praxis  passed math and reading  waiting on writing results but i feel confident!
i think a <propmale> would be amazing right now   
"fatal attraction is one show i never, ever want to be on   cause it would mean i was mauled to death by yorkies "
rewatching invader zim!
i thought i had an assignment due tonight  but it's due next tuesday! procrastination ftw!
so i have no clue about actual sizes from the metric system  anyone have any idea about objects that might hold a mililiter? be a square meter? cubed centimeter? cudbed meter? any help would be much appreciated!
"your reality, sir, is lies and balderdash and i'm delighted to say that i have no grasp of it whatsoever!"
"happy sabbath, everybody! praise be to god for his day of rest!"
is now to proud owner of an official us passport!
"as of now, my spirit is no longer wearing pants "
"is having a terrible, horrible, no-good, very bad day     er, evening  sad "
i really just need some ice cream and a hug
<propmale> <propfirst> even makes horrible flops worth watching  man's got some maaaad acting skillz!
happy sabbath! day of rest like woah!
