6507f0531f1c38dd4b29385c47001979
living and loving my husband and life!
listening to the rain and thankful for my life 
"late night, doctor appointment in the morning to get test results   "
"found a pair of baby socks that have carter\s imprinted on them    it sure would be nice to see my grandson or even hear how he is doing!"""
"is amazed anyone would think they can be anything less than completely honest with me and not get caught  even if i don't call you on it, rest assured - i know"
"there is an ancient, time-tested and time-proven <propmale> for success in life  it is the bible, and we can advance our lives in ways that are pleasing to god and prosperous to ourselves by following the teaching of this book — just as others have done who have gone before us \why not give it a shot and see what happens?"
we went to a funeral today for a 4 month old baby  it was sad and sure made me think how much i miss being able to see my grandson   
thank you all for the birthday wishes and the beautiful memories we've all had together   hopefully a whole lot more!
"god helps those who want his help, need his help, and ask for his help  but, being responsible, he e playful ects us to take the help he provides and become the best we can be in whatever it is we are doing  knowing at all times, and in all things, that all the <propfemale> belongs to him \need some help today? ask god    and just watch what happens!"
"never undertake anything for which you wouldn’t have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven \~g c  lichtenberg"
"the one thing that christ asks of any of us is that we should follow him  whether we can walk, or need to be carried; whether life is young within us, or waning, let us follow him, love him, obey him, and he will turn back our backslidings, and never mention them again "
"when god wants to make us larger than we have settled for being, what do you suppose he does? he introduces distress into our comfortable lives, and thereby invites us to ascend to a larger place "
"i'm a handful!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed,independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes,i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful, repost! i dare you!!!!"
please pray for the children and families that are being withheld from each others company because of the selfishness of those who claim to be adults 
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this   i do and did"
we need transformation and not condemnation 
happy birthday to my sister <propfemale> !
thanks to all the veterans!
"happy thanksgiving to all my family , friends, and  those of you i've never met    and a special shout out to my grandson,  <propmale> <propfirst> flowers!"
what are you prepared to do today to become the answer to the prayers you have been praying?
"it is one thing to love the ways of the lord when all is fair, and quite another to cleave to them under all discouragements and difficulties "
<propfemale> christmas  <propmale>!!! we love you!!!
"prayer: dear lord, help the parents who withhold their children from the other parent to learn to love like you and open their hearts and minds to your understanding "
"thank you lord for my life, the lessons i've learned, my family, friends, and your son jesus above all!!!"
what you put your effort and time into shows who you are now   is there anything you want to change? then read god's word and pray and do your part for the changes to begin 
"to my my handsome husband, beautiful daughters and my handsome sons, and grandchild     hope the new year brings you every thing you wish for,happy new year and no matter what ever happens in 2011, my love for you will never end"
"lord move in a way, that i've never seen before cause there's a mountain in the way and a lock on the door   "
"the problem with \helping yourself\"" and asking god for a little assistance is that you're the one still calling the shots — keeping all your options open  few things are more insulting to god than for a man to come before him while holding onto other options    just in case the \""god thing\"" doesn't work out """
do not ask the lord to guide your foot steps if you are not willing to move your own feet 
