ce09548935abc5f0e0e4dc15a5c9ce54
is still planning to update photos   eventually
doesn't want to work!!!
friday!!!!
is procrastinating again!!!!
is tired 
desperately needs to go swimming this week(but definitely not earlier than 10am)
can't skype until ethernet is fixed  sad 
slept for 2+1 2 hours!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
cannot skype until ethernet is fixed in a week
has ethernet!!!!
doesn't actually have ethernet cus ethernet is actually still broken  must fix > sad 
thanks to everyone for the great bday and bday wishes!!  laugh 
loves snow days!! must be 2 ft of snow and counting  laugh 
wow i cannot survive without 9 inch nails!
just played n64 legit  laugh 
back from j-tree with many bruises and good memories
got 2 on room draw!  laugh   laugh 
is in the mood for chevelle and deftones and nine inch nails   i watched you change   into a fly  laugh 
<propfemale> boxwala is a sweeeet p
coffee's my poison tonight   long night ahead
colour should be spelt with a u!
i think tomorrow should be international sleep day
"fire alarm at 3am! so much fun, i just love it when the fire alarm goes off two nights in a row  at least i was still awake"
"3am and am hysterical, insane, hyperactive, and hallucinating, must be the <propmale> effect "
i miss pandan cake!
leaving tmoro to see my mummy  smile 
starting work today   
aussies took a beating 4-0  sad 
"switzerland 1, spain 0 amazing match!"
lightning storm tonight  beautiful  make me miss singapore tho   
"the end for u s , but ghana keeping africa alive, way to go!"
is going to do some <propmale>  really soon   promise
adt will be here in 3 days  laugh 
happy international gracmar day everyone!!
"uruguay vs  germany! what a match, almost foiled <propfirst> the octopus"
up at 5am after a late night    i need to paint
vermont is so beautiful in the summer! why can't it be like this all year round?
mound of peanut butter + <propfemale> oil + tamarind concentrate + soy sauce + ground chili = <propfirst>'s special interesting peanut sauce!!
good food = i love my life  laugh 
anyone want to borrow my fridge for the year? i already have one in my suite 
have lost my phone for anyone trying to contact me
found cell phone! and got 4 packs of timtams and mega pack of weetbix!! i'm in heaven  laugh 
guava paste with cream cheese on cracker    happiness
orgo don't kill me!!
i like it in my closet
3am   how am i still awake?
in boston!!!
first snow at middlebury   here comes winter  sad 
ridiculous facebook quizzes make it so easy to procrastinate  laugh 
"angry and listening to bucketheadland, possibly a bad idea   "
isn't it wonderful when bannerweb crashes?  sad 
"ra ra rasputin\lover of the russian queen\there was a cat that really was gone\ra ra rasputin \russia's greatest love machine\it was a shame how he carried oooooon   "
goodbye orgo muahahaahahahaha > laugh  at least for now   
learned to surf! how epic is that?
goodbye sydney   goodbye summer and ocean  sad 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!
trudged through 2-3ft of snow at 7 smile 0am because middlebury college never cancels classes
