3b4c49f93712f1fd5b51957cde420894
is still trippin on lil mama and kanye last nite!! gotta get them few extra mins of fame i guess!! lmao 
is wishin my lovely sister <propfemale> mitchell-rogers a happy and blessed birthday!!!! love ya!
"never put ur trust in man for he will let u down everytime  trust in god and he will never leave u, disappoint u, or steer u wrong!"
im a <propfemale> in the rough right now   god is not thru wit me yet!!!
similar minds think alike   but great minds think 4 themselves!!!!
is ecstatic   about 2 start school again! thankin god 4 a new start!!
"i'll admit i'm a handful  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best  that's why it takes a real man to be able to put up with me!     repost if you're woman enough "
is e playful eriencin technical difficulties with tha cell phone so if u text n call n i dnt reply or answer   its a man down code 10 situation  so jus bare with me til im up and runnin 
is ecstatic!!! takin trainin classes the rest of ths week   classes start monday!!! dnt they knw im comin bck swingin 4 tht a**(in my <propfemale> minaj voice) 
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, you're slightly mental at times, you can't keep a secret, your house is a mess, or your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  re-post if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ?"
"i might not be the most beautiful or the \sexiest    nor have the most perfect body  i might not be anyone's first\ choice, but i am a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone else \because i'm too good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the \things i've done   but i am proud of who i am today, and who i am \becoming ~ take me as i am or don't take me at all ~copy and post if u love ur life bein u!!"
"is thankin god for bein alive this mornin after last nite! when god shows up and shows out blessings, please do not put the things that u were blessed with b4 him, he always has a way of bringin u back 2 him "
ths was ur nite pierce!!! get ur shine on!!
"???sisterweek!!???ifyouhave a sister, whether biological or spiritual, who has made youlaugh,wiped your tears, prayed for you, hugged you tight,watchedyou succeed,saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong; copyand paste this onher wall??? smile "
"september\ is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member &\ friend who has lost their battle wit cancer & in honor of those who\ continue 2 conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if u love someone who has\ or had cancer  many won't copy & paste, i did    will u"
roll tide!!!!!!!! lets get it!!!
roollllll tiidddeeeee!!!!!!!!!
"wow! so my bday is next monday and one of my favorite uncles jus passed!!!!! but tha part tht makes it suck is tht we share tha same  bday!!!! wow, now my 25th bday wnt b as happy  but god is a mighty god, and he will c us thru!!"
is thankin god for allowin me 2 see anotha year    25yrs old   wow!!!!
"happy birthday uncle nate!!! u were jus buried friday, but i am celebratin ur life today with mine on our day, so r i p !! u will be missed!"
