20941ee934cc9ed4663e189b975b1a58
i got a facebook account! finally right!?!?!
is that really rain coming down from the las vegas sky right now??? wow! great timing on this 3-day weekend!!! ugh! hope it doesnt last too long   
"shout out to the people working right now! yea   its las vegas people! while most are off--this city runs 24 hours! \to tha heavy grind!!\"" yep   now to my 12 hour shift ahead of me   ugh!!"""
9 19 09 aite   this is not cool  i guess those last night triple shot e playful resso hot choc 2packs sugar mix (x3 i might add) and freggin fredo sharing his xcience bullsh^t wit me is not helping with my zzzzzzz time  im still up   on fb and i got work at 6pm!!!! wait    6pm to 6am i might just add!! ahhhhhhh (in my head)    thats 12 hours people!!!!!! and stilll nooooooooo sleeeep   hello tylenol pm  smile 
watching the 6 smile 0 showing of avatar in 3d tonight with <propmale> at the red rock theaters   yes its a big deal!! haha ij is super excited and ready for his xtralrgxtrabuttered popcorn   i told him we'll share this time!
on channel 13 president barack obama here in las vegas (green valley high school) town hall meeting! open discussion    he's in the hot seat! watch it now    
"very \optimistic\"" for what's ahead of me  until just recently i didn't think i was capable to do the things i now do  now that i'm doing what i do---i can't even imagine anything i can't  i remain dreaming   still standing   staying strong   being me   blessed and thankful   wink """
@sahara library on facebook 
off to work   feeling good about it too  about to get on sahara 204 down to convention center  on a beautiful tuesday   and im actually working! haa 6 day work week here i come  blessed  -->music is #3  have a great week people!
(r f m  01 09 33-08 11 10) hello home(bay)   im back   how have you been?
"finally got a phone with internet capabilities  702-272-9494, same number "
whats <propfirst> deveyras number? i need to talk to him asap   
"is watching abdc cuz my son isaiahis watching it   wow! i just saw his cousin baily on tv! hahaa thats so cool! wow! really,   , barb and ferd must be so proud  im speechless! he s so grown up now "
"hello morning   today i will speak into existance, stand in my truth, face my facts, see past the untrue and unruly, only to reveal the undeniable meaning of the definition of me, which i refuse to let anyone define, but me  its all i can do, and will do "
congrats <propmale> good job today!! choose your pitches and be patient cuz a walk is just as good as a base hit   
6iants with a w is a good day! lets go lets go lets go vcu!!!! ha make me some money!!
"to my one and only brother who turns 16 today   happy birthday <propfirst>! yeahhh! whoohooh! whoot whoot! haa    born on 4 10 95 in hayward, ca   "
happy birthday <propmale>! daddy loves you!
quit asking whats going on this weekend please!!! lol you know its a fight weekend in vegas   which means everything is going on and everyone is here  as for me im on way to the beauty bar in downtown to support my people 
