8d62f9410bae0aa9f31c375f03385efb
tryin oh so bad to get a god damn job!
brother fried my charger to my laptop so im fucked til then
i love windows 7
my first tri classes are decent except for the absolutely boring first block of english 12  its an good class but it's packed with the preppiest kids i could name in this damned school 
pink <propmale>  dark side of the <propfemale>  smile 
nothing like hitting off the new years with a few drinks and some friends  smile 
new years party  fun! zero sleep so headed home to pass the fuck out!
ugh! feeling dead  dead and very cold   
talking to people  text me 
"going into the military is not an automatic death sentence  the mortality rate for soldiers is much lower than most would think  so as much as i enjoy people caring about me i'd rather you not try to stop me from doing this \\*cough* <propfemale> and <propfemale> *cough*"
is it weird that when i think military i think of biggie's song ready to die? lol jk
so i'm up  anyone wanna <propfemale> out my last day?
anyone trying to chill today  just text me 
tired frustrated and gotta go to school    this should be fun
im feeling good
workin to build a computer without blowin my budget(under 3000) and it's frustrating
happy valentines people 
been to damn long (done with myspace)
we win!!!!
video upload wouldnt work fuck!!
it's really hard tolerating a drunk fuck in your face clueless about the world around him
well i finally got the spirit week prank up and i'm getting tired gotta long day ahead of me
watching t v  somewhat tired but that's what happens when your bored out of your mind 
relaxin cuz there is nothing else to do here
waking up this early with nothing to do is a fucking curse!
in my own world with my favorite music 
is anyone doing anything tomorrow because i need to get out of this house!! i cannot deal with my dad for a whole week!
out of the house yay!!
turned a great day with friends into a near fistfight with my dad thanks dad!!!!!
now he's gonna try to apologize i'm not in the mood to hear my dad's bullshit apology again
well today shouldn't be horrible  i guess   
bored and parents ain't helping so thanks
sleepin time!!
having a decent day with some bad news
i have come to the conclusion that it is near impossible to tie your shoes with a hard cast on one hand  man i feel shitty 
hoo-fucking-ray for broken knuckles!
going to sleep got school tomorrow
got school which seems pointless because of this arm 
off to sleep  one more day til i visit the orthopedist!!
feasting on an awesome pizza
fuck yea i don't need surgery!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yesterday was fun 
<propmale> out for nearly 12 hours
found out the fourth kind was fake and claimed to be real  still scary if you dwell on it though 
let me know if anyone wants to <propfemale> out
how in the hell can people watch mtv reality shows!!!! or that 16 and pregnant jersey shore retarded shit?
really really tired!! going to sleep
i like to remain neutral when there is drama afoot so i don't pass judgement 
text me i'm bored!!!
i think i'm growing out of some of my bad habits yay! well off to <propfirst>'s tomorrow!!
mmmm nom nom nom popcorn  smile 
bored  text me (if you dont have my number ask) 
in order to survive you gotta learn to live with regrets - jay-z
ughhh tomorrow i gots to pay for <propfemale> prom ticket!!
jammin to my docerse music
jammin to my diverse music
had fun hangin with my friends (and texting one too)  laugh 
let me know if the war is still happening
zzzzzzz    
"just woke up no clue what's happening today, text me "
sleeping time!!!
knuckle feeling awesome i can make a fist (still no punching) now its my wrist buggin the hell out of me  if it's not one thing it's another huh?
jammin to music
bored  rain doesn't help     someone text me please!
no more rain    still bored text me lol
great more thunder ~ ~
and some lightning woooo!
going to sleep got schools in the mornins  smile 
good morning michigan!!!!
"got home  military ball tomorrow, it's gonna be really fun  smile "
can't sleep  sad 
holy shit!!! military ball was actually really fun!!!!  smile 
back home healing these welts
donated blood  really tired 
got back from kickball leg cramped up and sleepy
going swimming today!
still debating whether i should shell out $25 for <propfemale>'s  well text me 
"awake, blasting music  smile "
i didn't swim yesterday  dare i attempt again?
yea i'm gonna try to swim again  not gonna run laps and it's raining so yea 
thank for killing my mood dad 
thank god for granting this moment of clarity!
tried on my prom tux  in feeling pretty snazzy lol 
got <propfemale> sadies ticket  thanks <propmale>!!!
anyone know when 2nd block starts tomorrow?
pissed because the cp trip is canceled
"sleep, prom, afterparty fuck yes!!!"
best friend for last night's name was porcelain 
anyone know what's happening tomorrow? text me 
sleep   
"bored out of my mind, let me know if anyone wants to <propfemale> out (text me)"
"bored, really really bored "
bored out of my mind  about to play some 2010 demo (ufc)
that was short lived    need something to do  suggestions anyone?
fuck!!!!
"pissed off, bored, want to punch something (or someone) in the face "
argh! i want taco <propfemale>!!!
"it's a long road to ruin      takin this bullshit a day at a time  \\running through hell, heaven can wait \-foo fighters  playful "
wanted to go to the awards ceremony    that didn't happen 
no point being pissed at my dad    hell i e playful ect this shit by now 
going to sleep with some things to think about 
"bored, text me "
home alone    time to make some spaghetti!!
       fuck!!!
uuugghhhh………
"this goes to everyone i texted at lunch  i want you to not tell anyone about \it\""  i'd rather not have everyone knowing and someone taking credit for what we came up with…thank you """
god parents be so difficult!
finished watching both of the boondock saints… fucking awesome!
"     gotta get some sleep, swimming tomorrow  smile "
let it be known that you cant get permission and consider what you did a senior prank 
anyone want to <propfemale> out before i go to <propfemale>'s  if so text me 
"tired    gonna sleep for a while before i go to <propfemale>'s, <propfemale> out? text me    i'll wake up lol  smile "
sadies was alright glad i had the few friends that was there otherwise i wouldn't have gone 
     bored anyone want to text?
     bored anyone want to text?
extremely bored 
goin to sleep 
whoa i'm up early  anyone want to <propfemale> out?
goodnight facebook 
need to talk to recruiter then trying to <propfemale> out 
time to go to sleep… goodnight people 
anyone wanna <propfemale> out later? i actually have a ride now  laugh 
……june 4th…… counting down the days 
so apparently i found my musical soulmate lol  now i need to download some more songs  laugh 
ok what seniors are going to the war?
fucking awesome        
who's house!!!!!! our house!!!!! sen10rs!!!!!
"if you have a car and are willing to pick me up for some \things\"" call me i need the pickup around 11 smile 0ish"""
everyone bailed! everyone except me and gluba  so screw the rest of you
sleep yes!
"well, i'm up really early  anyone wanna <propfemale> out later? sometime after 1?"
"ok so i have maybe 5-6 grad party invitations  so far there's <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>'s, <propfirst> #2, and eliel <propfemale>'s  anyone else? i haven't chosen who's to go to, but i'm going to at least 3 "
     anything but a thunderstorm! dammit it it's gonna last til 9am
ok everyone who's having a grad party can i get a time and day? i really wanna go to all of them 
so      who else couldnt get to sleep? anyone lol
"cleaning my room, shower then boredom  does anyone want to <propfemale> out?"
gotta wake up in the morn 
i'm done  after i do th walk i got a good six months til i'm gone  between people pissing me off  i only have maybe 3-4 true mature friends 
fuck  glad i was sleep  dammit i hope all if you guys are ok 
"six-to-seven months, that's all i have til i'm gone "
bored     someone text me 
still awake  i don't even know if i'll go to the farewell assembly 
congratulations to the class of 2011  kennedy is your hellhole now  make sure that sipriano doesn't forget you guys at the end of the year!
<propmale> smith is graduating!
<propmale> graduated!!!
bonfire!!!!!!!!!!!
fun day  tomorrow is my day of rest sooo yea 
"it's official fuck june, 19th!!! that day sucks ass  there's like 8 grad party's that day that i'd like to go to!!!!!!!!!!!"
"the pretender\     -foo fighters"
get him to the greek funniest shit i've seen in a long time hilarious!
what am i going to do today?
toy story 3 midnight  anyone?
cant go to see the movie tonight  fuck!
everyone who is going at midnight to see the movie were going to emagine in canton that or imax let me know which 
toy story 3 awesome!  smile 
grad parties! hell yea!
ok yesterday was fun (all of it)  playful 
is anything happening tomorrow?
anyone wanna <propfemale> out today? cedar point tomorrow!  smile 
gotta get some sleep if i plan on waking up early tomorrow  see you all later 
dammit the dragster is down  i'm 6 people away!
oh man job interview today!
midnight premiere grown ups  smile 
anyone want to <propfemale> out today? i'm doing nothing all day today so i'm open 
bored does anyone want to <propfemale> out? i'm free 
"gotta wake up early tomorrow for an interview  boy 'o' boy, let the good times rool  playful "
cold wind blows
bored  grad party today around 4ish 
was gonna go to <propfirst>'s party tonight but no ride  chilling at <propfirst>'s having a bonfire 
application done sleep time now!
anyone want to <propfemale> out today? just text me 
why is everyone afraid of these storms?
bout to <propfemale> out with <propmale> all day 
mom taking a long time  - -
battery dying finally left 
bored can't sleep 
batteries are about to die    don't know what to do lol 
"wow so my brother us beginning to show some    \signs\"" of instability    mentally """
interview today   
"i'm bored, and this \job interview\"" is starting to piss me off """
bored nothing to do      i guess i'll hop on my 360 
bonfire at gluba's!!!
gotta wake up early tomorrow for my contacts     anyone wanna <propfemale> out afterwards?
ok i gotta get some sleep   
om nom nom chinese food  smile 
chinese was tasty  smile  now i'm bored    anyone want to <propfemale> out? just text me 
kinda bored  text me if you want to <propfemale> out 
bored   
putting 4 0 jailbreak on my ipod hopefully it wont fuck me over lol 
noooo! can jailbreak it with 4 0 yet! time to downgrade 
listening to music    
      i'm done! fuck this!
tapout is fun 
my neck hurts like hell!!!!
a <propmale> bit bored    and sore  text me 
"ok i just looked up this nice little week in seals training (the 4th week)       hell week literally      132 hours (5 5 days) with 4 hours of sleep        i will attempt it, in due time "
ok im sleepy g'night
bored     someone text me  anyone want to <propfemale> out?
bored   
predators tonight at midnight yea!
bored    anyone wanna <propfemale> out til the movie starts? text me 
predators was the shit 
bored    cant way for tomorrow night! gonna be waaaay funny and too stupid 
sooooo  it's official  lebron <propfirst> has become public enemy #1 in <propmale> lol 
grad party today!
cant sleep    
going to sleep  waking up early later 
too bored! anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
ughhh bored out of my mind  my 360 just wont help anymore   
bored anyone wanna <propfemale> out today?
grrrr my ps3 broke and i'm starting to miss it 
bored hot need a job     isnt life great!!!
anyone want to <propfemale> out today? text me 
restoring my ipod then i dont know  two days til my buds grad party! shits gonna get crazy!
anyone else feel like they deal with a lot of shit?
party tonight gettin the hell up out of here 
"      bored, let down    i know there's a lot of other people feeling the same "
"tired, have to get some sleep "
"alright i guess i should get some sleep  so i'll leave you guys with some words of wisdom\\a friend is someone that will come and bail you outta jail, but a best friend is someone that will be sitting right next to you saying that was freakin awesome!"
"wakin up earlier, what the hell am i gonna do with this extra time?"
sleepy    
"bored, anyone want to <propfemale> out?"
gonna watch public enemies then sleep  text me 
power went out what fun!
ugh! went to sleep at like 4-5 am! no sleep what so ever! i feel dead   
"   not even remotely tired, it's been almost a month of this insomnia     i'm just gonna drop from exhaustion eventually  playful "
i should probably attempt to get some sleep 
"bored, anyone want to <propfemale> out?"
ugh    4 hours of sleep again      
wow    well now i know who i can trust 
"well, problem solved  i just hope i can avoid further     complications  smile "
bored out of my mind  insomnia sucks ass 
well i should attempt to get some sleep 
"sooo i was woken up from a nice sleep with business that had to be taken care of, i say \business\"" can burn in hell """
anyone want to <propfemale> out today? just text me 
watching the colony     it's definitely    interesting 
well the colony isnt that bad  laugh 
"just realized it's 3 am, shouldnt i be somewhat sleepy?"
anything happening today? just text me 
need a ride tomorrow 
oh man i got zero hours of sleep  it's bad when you can recall everything that happened over the past 5 hours when your supposed to be asleep  a possible party later today too… oh fuck 
insomnia better not get in the way of my sleep tonight    
stay away from patron!!!!!
"well i had fun, anyone else?"
god i taste patron in my mouth blegh!!!
shit tired enough and these contacts need to come out so shit i'm out 
ok i'm actually sleepy  maybe my insomnia has gone away  playful 
ugh! cant sleep 
"nice, zero hours of sleep "
kickball! later today!
woke up sleeping pills are great for insomnia 
anyone trying to buy an ipod touch 8g 2nd gen?
alright gotta see my recruiter in about 6 hours    should get some sleep 
anything happening tonight?
tired - -
ugh well i'm up now… what the hell am i gonna do now?
ugh well i'm up now… what the hell am i gonna do now?e
ugh well i'm up now… what the hell am i gonna do now?
bored argh!!!
going to sleep   
bored    meh i dislike rain -_-
updating my ipod then doing nothing    again
i told myself i'd go to sleep we see how well that went   
it's 4:45 a m  damn i'm glad i have no job because it looks like i'm pulling an all-nighter 
so my phone has been turned off and i can text with my ipod… lol well who's so bored that they can strike a random conversation with anyone right about now?
in case anyone has texted me my phone has been turned off for about the past 3-4 days so i havent gotten any yet  i'll pay the <propmale> when i get the money (next thursday maybe) 
the e playful endables midnight anyone else?
"the e playful endables: 20 minutes of talking, the rest e playful losions and ass-kicking!"
"so far    from some of the problems people have been having i recommend listening to a song  dream on, really makes me think "
i think my time has come  cya -_-
bored  well at least i gots my ipod  smile 
going to see <propfirst> vs  the world 
ugh! i'm up    i feel dead time to get ready for the day 
downloading some more music then who know's afterwards  any ideas?
"listening to music, lol everytime i hear bohemian rhapsody i think <propmale>'s world "
having a friend come over and chill for a bit 
tired  must sleep -_-
uhh  finished signing up  now i need contacts references for a fbi background check  anyone want to volunteer?
yes! i finally got my phone turned back on! anything happening later then? text me 
need references for a fbi background check  it's required for the navy let me know if you'd like to be one 
woke up early  ugh -_- i know i'll fall asleep in the middle of the day  text me 
random conversation    thumbs up  smile 
taking conversations with people you normally dont talk to till 3am    also thumbs up  smile  night 
shit  i need a ride and 5 much needed dollars anyone feeling generous?
"not going to the party  no money or ride  shit,"
i need a ride if i'm going to this party 
<propfirst> police are the shit nough said!
ugh feel like shit  <propfemale> headache tired as fuck  also as a side-note: when a cop gives you a break (with anything) most people are rather thankful  text me 
"well last night was    \eventful\"" gotta find something to do for the time being and finish up some paperwork """
i figure i should get some sleep now   playful 
ugh  you know what sucks  living <propmale> away from your friends with no car 
bed at 5am not feeling too great being awake in all 
going up to <propfirst> lanes  it'll be nice to get out 
"ugh such a fulfilling life  i need to get a mic, then i need to get reach  then a whole day (not night 24 hours!) of gaming  fun!"
"a vision, division, revision, recognate, an action, a reaction, distraction, question the fate \\oh no don't talk about it, no please don't talk about it, oh no don't talk about it, it goes away \\we made these promises, you made these promises, erase, replace, erase, replace\\we'll make more promises, we'll wait for promises, erase, replace, erase, replace "
thumbs up for insomniacs! lol
"my lamination of narration\hit's a snare & bass in a track fucked up rapper interrogation\when i declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing\i turn the stage into a barren wasteland   \i'm infinite"
just what i need rain  -_-
ignorance is not bliss  that's all thank you 
bout to go chill and watch some movies i put on my ipod 
restoring my ipod to make some room then sleep 
and so my ipod finally finishes  goodnight!
is getting really pissed off  i need to get out and chill   
dear god <propfirst> bieber performing    turning this off 
tomorrow going to an mma gym with <propfirst> then going for reach all night at midnight!
two queers waiting for reach face pressed against the wall and drop over $400 for the legendary    sad 
i found out my little brother wants to punch me in the face because i won't let him play a game i bought what a whiny bitch lmao!
a thousand suns album is alright  i only like wretches and kings and the catalyst   
boredom strikes again    i will defeat it once and for all eventually!
my recruiter finally managed to get the proper documentation for my knuckle (it's about damn time)  now he needs to get the paperwork i finished then i'm on the waiting list lol 
join my pack on dogwars! http annoyed  bit ly 9blwcu
pissed when i found out cudi's concert was sold out!
sooo the month of october will literally murder my wallet and any form of currency inside it    between fallout new vegas and the shitload of movie releases i'm fucked 
for now it's whatever til i end up deciding on what i'll do later  message me or im me my phone's out 
anyone trying to go to halloweekend at cedar point?
any suggestions on a name? i'm being serious so i'd rather not hear anything funny  i'm too pissed off to <propmale> through all the bullshit today 
not in the best mood  actually want to beat someone's ass  i actually need a drink  pissed off 
nothing to do  tomorrow i'll be saying hello to <propfirst> personally  it's been a while since i've seen him  should be fun  i'll also be paying my phone <propmale> finally!
later today chillin with mr  <propfemale> and a bunch of friends  should be a good time 
alright i gotta get some sleep feeling like shit
to stress over things that most people would consider minuscule is not worth your time  just move on with life  understanding is one thing but if you keep dwelling on the things that get you down you can never progress 
yyz live with <propmale> peart's drum solo    fucking amazing!
uhh my eyes are dilated and i feel like shit 
i just got my hair cut! i haven't had it cut in a good 3 months! thank god!
is the 8 o'clock just high traffic hour for facebook? damn everyone's online!
"ugh    i hate being 17  jobs aren't exactly easy to come by    at least my paperwork is finished, i just have to get my physical and wait for an opening and i'm out this bitch!"
"two songs    where'd you go and right now \\<propfirst> shinoda believe it or not is a good hip-hop artist  i wish he released more work for fort minor "
wow i really passed out  i woke up at 4pm    damn!
a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 1 year a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to defend their country; a soldier actually    keeps that promise 
yea i should get some sleeps      playful 
i actually woke up before 12  that's a good sign!
<propmale> <propmale> mmmmm  smile 
nyj for the win  vikings aint got shit  farve is losing it 
jets win horrible int  throw from farve sealed it
i find myself a bit happier than i usually am nice night 
cedar point halloweekend the 23rd  anyone else down already got a few people going 
feeling like shit right now   
my brother is listening to waka flocka… may god have mercy on his soul 
i feel like i should get some sleep    i'm not tired though  -__-
"in fact i can't see, or can't imagine\a man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam\plus the man who never had a plan b\be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit\i'm tensed a bit and tempted when i see the sins my friends commit   i'm infinite"
well i had a pretty good morning  i got meps this monday yay! then i pick which job i want  it's about time 
finally paid my phone <propmale>!
i'm not sleeping anytime soon   playful  i took a nap and just woke up    not the best idea lol
sleep!
woke up a bit late -__- well text me phone is back on 
just outta curiosity    what is sweetest day? i know for a fact that only like 3 states celebrate it and i never have (probably because i never lived in a state that has celebrated it)  i'm just curious as to what started it and who actually celebrates it and how? lol
well  i would like to thank <propfemale> for shedding some like on this shitty hallmark holiday 
i need to get up early tomorrow  not gonna enjoy that 
had to wake up early great!
at the hotel  buffet!!!
at the hotel text me    vikings vs  cowboys
man why are so many of my friends feeling like shit? i gotta wake up at 4am but i'm fine lol
i can't sleep and i have to wake up in roughly 1 hour  fucking great!
as if 4 a m  couldn't come any sooner  tired as fuck
"and, so i'm finally fucking done with meps  i'm shipping out january 4th  yea that soon  let's try to make these last 3 months fun "
i'm gonna go ahead and lay down  i've been up since 4 am so i'll eventually hit the ground eventually  why not hit something soft? like a bed?  smile 
bored  long day good to be home though  text me phone is back on!
so i'm thinking of doing something like a laser tag lock-in before i ship off  let me know if you wanna go  if you have a better idea let me know  i just don't want to spend my last few days doing nothing before i leave 
"i would like everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and they have lost 9 marines in four days  they are the true heroes of this great nation  repost please """
so after over a year  i finally get a single from the lasers album  the album's been complete for a year and atlantic releases one single  great  i like it but it's waaaay overdue 
holy shit! i woke up early! i went to sleep at 4 a m  i am fully prepped to pass out later in the day  smile  i guess i'll text some people  hopefully there not working 
bored    itunes and chatting on live should remedy that  smile 
bed calling    sleep is beginning to sound good right about now 
i have roughly 32 hours to memorize a paper  literally   
"memorizing a paper with a 32 hour deadline is not doing well for my head  gonna lay down for a while now  text me, i guess "
pt ran my ass into the ground  fuck 2 mile runs!
guess i'll be running more often  a lot more often!
tired as fuck and i gotta run in the morning so that's my cue 
tired  gotta get some sleep  more pt sunday after i go for a swim 
gonna try to run a mile and a half later today  swimming and more pt tomorrow 
going swimming tomorrow  after that it's pt with some spec war guys 
gonna get some sleep  i got a loooong day ahead of me 
everyone is play cod black ops  it will suck ass in about 1 month  that's a fact 
so  my brother is a liar    why i have my suspicions but those are unrelated  he has no logical reason for me to actually believe in his lie and the timeframe on which the lie is based upon is so skewed there's no way i could even begin to believe it 
so my brother @<propfirst> <propfirst> smith whines about me calling him out on some lie  then he removes me from facebook  way to go tough guy 
well i'm about to go on a run 
"argh  feet sore as shit  cant run today, need new shoes now   "
"man on the <propfemale> ii: the legend of mr  rager  one of the last few remaining artist that dont release songs based on material possessions, money, women, etc  rather than his life  props to kid cudi "
"man on the <propfemale> ii: the legend of mr  rager  recommendation? definitely, but only to those who can understand the lyrics and the message in the album "
blasting kid cudi and chillin
would anyone want to tell when did this question answer shit became so damn popular that everyone is doing it?
sittin at the recruiting office  putting in a few hours for the month 
"he'll probably mention how he punched me in the face, but he'll forget to mention me choking him out if he doesnt even acknowledge it, but i'm sure you can guess the number of fucks and or shits i give about what the guy says anymore "
"my brother listens to crap rap at it's worst  the music he \blasts\"" might as well advocate the ignorance of your average black american  damn """
need to get some more upper body strength  i got the cardio and lower body locked  if i get this shit straight i'm getting a new contract  fuck yea!
as nerdy as it sounds  i'll be waking up to see the leonid meteor shower at <propfemale>   playful 
gettin a little bit of sleep before the shower  night 
so <propmale> just told me he couldve made more money with a contract for the navy instead of the marines  lol i made a nice choice then 
watch like 4 episodes of south park fun 
"there once was a boy that grew up on the west side of chicago \liked his hat to the left side\wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang doing his thang' doin' his thang'\\mean and vicious\-<propfirst> fiasco  smile "
"well there was a \situation\"" that blew over pretty fast  i guess i can thank <propfirst> for reminding me of what i represent """
bored as shit  cant wait for my ship date 
"you can even talk to everybody that i live with maybe you could tell me why everybody’s so distant is it me or maybe, when i look around daily i don’t even know the people i can put my trust in lately people that i used to <propfemale> with now their actin’ to different "
"bengals are going to be thoroughly disemboweled, then the patriots are gonna watch as they witness what will happen yet again at the afc championship if they survive the beating they'll get "
home alone til further notice 
tonight we feast!
getting sleep after destroying three plates 
"my plan tonight?\the walking dead at 10 gaming til i fall asleep "
walking dead
ugh sleep  recruiter's office in the am then more sleep 
"beat ac brotherhood  to say the least, i hate fucking cliffhangers!"
i just checked my mail  i got a random letter from the senator of mi about a letter i sent about a proposed ban on violent video games  apparently my voice did mean something   smile 
just realized i have 4 days to find someone to go with me to my dep meeting  anyone?
god <propmale> peart's solo in yyz is a fucking beast 
gotta leave early  fun  indecision 
i'm at deps til sixish  great 
back from dep  pt was cool  i actually managed to keep up even with pushups (for the most part) 
alright  what the fuck is with people magically turning into a pokemon?
alright i understand this pokemon thing (thank you <propfemale>)  i just want to say to anyone who is going to pick a pokemon if you choose a legendary you have no creativity!
alright  i'll bite  only because i'm repping the original 150 though  i give you #059!
"i decided to try and sit through the a thousand suns album and found out that the album isnt that bad if you can actually understand the theme  the wisdom justice, and love intro into iridescent does that song some good despite how much i dont like it  it's decent "
i've been putting a shitload of comics on my ipod  something for me to read  listen to me    i'll be sure to stop this shit before i ship out  til then x-men here i come lol 
i just woke up… wow today's gonna be one lazy ass day for me 
well if i decide seals is not for me for whatever reason then swcc is 
well the cartoon character thing is true so yea 
i guess i'm crashing at maki's
ugh i fell asleep  now i'm starving  i'm going to destroy the fridge in a conquest for food 
what the hell is this number thing?
alright  before i ship off i'm gonna have a private lock-in at zap zone  it's gonna be the 23rd  inbox me to let me know your going  i'll let you know how much it is  the more people the less it'll cost 
i guess i'll get some sleep    finally got the iron man 2 dvd 4 fucking gigs  i'll watch it in the morn when i wake up 
"got a \surprise\"" meeting with my recruiter  no clue what it's for but i gotta be there at 8 smile 0 tomorrow  i'm not too enthused to be waking up that early """
i checked how much a private lock-in would cost  it's $30 per person 
alright  i'm gonna be nice and do it this one time 
22  your a friend who has no problem having fun  it really doesnt matter who's there  you have a way with keeping those around you happy (in my eyes)  you'll be one of those people i can trust when i leave and when i come back 
007  i'm not too surprised you'd chose this number  in reality i dont <propfemale> with you much but i know why now (grounded)  your a cool guy who says what he wants  i have witnessed this  your really dont seem to give a flying fuck what they say 
421  your really one of the first friends i really had  i consider you a brother and you know that  we need to <propfemale>  i better see you the 23rd when i have that lock-in 
6060  your family  that should be enough but noooo  i really did not want to move out of new york but i'm sure you know that  it's been a long time since weve seen each other but i'll be sure to visit when i get some leave from the navy 
see how easily i got sucked up into this 
99  the last time i remember seeing you waas at the military ball  perhaps a few more times in school  you were always outspoken  i'd like to actually <propfemale> out sometime before i leave 
66  i've seen you around kennedy from time to time but never really met you  you seem really cool and you and <propfemale> are practically sisters  it wouldve been cool to get to know you better 
sleep   
30 day notice  i leave in 30 days  where did the time go?
gonna go up to the school tomorrow and visit some teachers 
sometimes i wonder how the hell i can just stay on facebook for hours 
i'll be up til 4 am so much for visiting kennedy 
so much for visiting the school  having to stay up til 5 surprise 0 isnt to great when you have to wake up 30 minutes later  fuck that 
i think it'd be in my best interest to get some sleep 
bored may go lay down 
never again!!!
i need to start waking up earlier than this 
music is my vice  i now realize i have to go to basic without it    great 
need to start waking up earlier than 1 smile 0   
finding something to do besides raid a fridge is becoming a menacing task all in it's own 
"6 days til the lock-in \10 days til i'm finally 18\17 days til i'm gone \\how exciting"
i now realize that when i type or im i do everything in my power to make it as grammatically correct (punctuations included) as possible or else i wont post it  if i don't i just reword it 
nothing going on today  it's one of those relaxing days i guess 
did a count on how many people are in for the lock-in  23  not including people who are bringing others like <propfirst>  need about 7 more 
oh how i love to be underestimated 
sometimes i wonder what the hell there is for me to do at 3 smile 0 am on facebook   
lol well after march when i ship it wont be all boring  apparently some friends want to go to florida for a bit 
   sleep     
just woke up  yay
fml lock-in is scrapped 
i should probably get some sleeps 
today's gonna be on of those stay at home days 
being home all day sucks  did i mention that?
finally got my hair cut!
alright i'm gonna get some sleep 
just a bit more sleep!
"well  i'm up  no thanks to my brother who screams \get the hell up\""  guess i'll listen to music  revenge of the nerds mixtape here i come """
i realize i have this <propfemale> little scar on my eyebrow and now everytime i look in the mirror i'm gonna wonder where i got it lol 
hands held high  awesome song!
talked with my gf  love you <propfirst>  gonna get something to drink then off to bed 
sleep    now!
so much for sleep 
i don't smoke but god i love khalifa's kush and oj mixtape 
"dear brain,\\go to fucking sleep!!!"
"dear brain,\\thank you for fucking me over and saying \no alton\"" your not sleeping not tonight!\", laugh 62f9410bae0aa9f31c375f03385efb,haha! <propfirst>'s hair is done lmao! he's complaining about pain already
wow for a bit    the sad part is i can feel my soul slowly leaving my body  before long i'll be an empty shell lmao 
i hate daylight savings time  i think it's like 9-10 pm then i check my clock and go wtf!
pizza needs to get here fast!
pizza here finally omnomnomnom!
devoured 4 slices in about 10 minutes!
as much as i hate kanye he knows how to make a sweet album
sleep  talk to my babe tonight  love ya <propfirst>  night 
sleep i guess  hope everyone's christmas is special 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  hope is more than mine  which is very average  my best gift? talking to my girl  love you baby 
i'm gonna enjoy waking up to these happy birthdays  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  laugh 
madden 11 then sleep    probably
i should be asleep  this is what madden does to me  i havent played in so long
well it's the 31st  tomorrow is new years and the 3rd is my last day in michigan for about 3 months 
i just woke up  pretty lazy i know 
i'm too lazy to cook and i'm way too lazy to walk 5 minutes to have people cook for me    sad 
well i'm off to the hotel  text me  god knows theres gonna be nothing to do there 
cant sleep and now i'll be up for roughly 24 hours  fucking great!
well i guess i can tell everyone who has my number saved to just delete it after today 
and now i play the waiting game 
finally getting on the plan  then i wait 5 more hours  anyone going into the military be prepared to wait!
finally in the air  phone off 
i'm in chicago! about damn time  i'll be back in march 
facebook!!!
its been so long since i've seen a computer!
how's everyone doing in the wonderful world of facebook?
i need a phone!
finnaly bought a phone!
finnaly bought a phone!
inspection today    great just great 
ugh muster then sleep
i need a laptop or a 360 either would suffice
ugh    duty  nooo!
i miss xbox live!
3 months here    then i hit michigan again  st  patricks was wild as shit  too many drunk marines and sailors  i hate phase 1 and being 18 
"last day on the weekend  then emi tommorrow, at least i miss muster because of it "
might hit the beach later today 
i've been waiting in the sun for an hour now    great!
lunch break!
played football    our team got literally destroyed  way to go captain who can pick a qb   
i'm finally off!!! now i have nothing to do   
yes! this friday is the 1st (payday) i'm hitting the beach
   good night pt in the morning
i guess i can consider this a good day  i'm not gonna be here for inspection so i dont stand around for an hour  nice
fuck yes not mustering outside during a thunder(lightning included) storm!!!
ha! got my ass out of barrack support
starcraft ii til <propfemale>
well my friday has been officially fucking ruined!
since my whole weekend is fucked  i guess i'll do a shitload of volunteer work to get this aggravation off my mind 
no reals plans today  if you wanna do something my friends in nattc chances are i'll be in my room 
bored  i have freedom and nothing to do with it right now    text me 
well my day has gone much better than i e playful ected  a vending machine decided to triple my order and gave me 3 bottles instead of one! awesome!!!
chill  gonna find my neighbors or break their damn alarm clock pretty soon 
bout to head out and find something to do hopefully  maybe beach 
i cant wait til i come back to michigan   
guess what this guy is doing tomorrow since he hasnt started school yet!    barrack support!!! -_-
<propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!
lunch break!
gettin some sleep  bout to go out the weekend 
why has a perfectly good saturday been ruined? because i have to go and watch drill from nrotc!!! meh 0700-1900 fml 
need sleep   
"gonna listen to dark side of the <propfemale>    then rolling papers    then    umm the rising tied?, i guess "
feeling particularly like shit  gonna get some sleep hopefully it helps 
inspection!!!
steam can suck ass!!!
supreme commander!
no clue what's going on today got some more clothes!
getting some sleep now 
back to class    fuck  mortal kombat tomorrow 
curse spring break! girls out in town and my ass is gonna be on base this weekend  anyone want to swap duty for the weekend?
inspection over on <propfemale> fuck yes!
guess who has duty this weekend    this guy!
"i love how being black means that when i white person says \not trying to be racist\"" there's a 9 10 <propmale> of that guy saying nigga or some variation of the word """
like my status and i will tell u: 1  how we met 2  my first impression of u 3  what i like about u 4  favorite memory of u 5  but if u like this u must put it as ur status
finishing up homework   
trying to see when i can get out of here asap! the weekend is mine bitch!
just ate  i feel complete 
i love how people are worried about a retaliation like their the target if they do retaliate    no bitch your not active service members we should be a bit more worried than you 
on another note i wouldnt suggest celebrating his death like it's a damn national holiday  that stuff tends to anger affiliated parties i e  <propmale> qaeda 
sleep  for i have pt in the morn 
pt was good  my legs are dead    just like they should be 
ahhh! guess who's ass is outta pt this fine morning!
i'm finally off for the weekend  hell the fuck yes!
