f47f283d23fae2090826491f422f9fb7
2 a m  jog? puttin' in work on this resolution fo sho   
needs 1 more friend on farmville to upgrade farm haha
doesn't know 
"\the true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination \""   ~albert einstein (he had alot of both)"""
what is new about facebook?  laugh 
"\i'm not tripping    i just don't wanna get sucked into the wall!\"""""
release the kraken!
grapple juice is badass 
"g-force was sweet and all, but it's over and that much closer to summer!  smile "
lmao! http annoyed  www youtube com user juliansmith87 pretty much all of his videos are hilarious   
"it never works out  always happens the same way, doesn't change "
"the <propfemale> is like a big wheel of cheese tonight! by the looks of it, some kind of cheddar-swiss mix "
survey: what's a good song that just makes you appreciate life?
can't make the first day of rookie camp because he's sick   sad 
"so i just got a letter from the national society of high school scholars, sounds kinda like nhs, is it worth the 60 bucks?"
"woop-woop!-that's the sound of da police!\woop-woop!-that's the sound of the beast!"
zach de la rocha is a badass 
"if you have never shot a  45 in real life, go do it  5 rounds 10 seconds, go!"
"your real friends will serve you long\your car and clothes will fade\your real friend wont do you wrong\real friend don’t change eh"
chyea!
"1  why were we assigned 3 essays in the first real work week of school? 2  why did we have homework over the summer? screw english    im fine just knowing the language, i dont think ill find myself using vignettes in my everday life "
if anyone has an old verizon phone they dont want anymore    haha
can anyone tell me what optic stands for pretty soon? haha im doing the analysis but i dont have my folder   
just got a free military ammunition box after a pistol match at the gun range!
lol im on facebook at school  smile 
"\fast don't lie\"""""
"epic scotsman outfit beaten by a panda, this is a sad sad day for mankind "
completely satisfied with tonight  alamodome performance=success!
yet another fantastic night at the alamodome!
yes 
"92 out of 660, hell yeah "
it's already dark outside?
"spit yo game, talk yo shit, grab your gats, call yo cliques"
everybody do the brahma rumble    yes 
when i look at you - emalkay
you can't wu-tang better than me!
all of these old cartoons are freaking nostalgic   haha nickolodeon used to be the bomb 
"hello darling, nice to see you, it's been a long time   conway twitty get out of my head!"
does this day seem unreasonably long and warm for late january or is it just me?
dubstep  love 
playing in the snow! i'm on a mission to have the first snowman in my front yard   smile 
snow ball fight!
<propfemale> <propfemale> colbert  love 
hooray for friday birthdays!  smile 
"amazing birthday weekend, mostly thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> colbert, the best girlfriend in the world   laugh "
space jam on cartoon network-score 
taco cabana- breakfast of champions 
wild'n cuz i'm young 
new york! but i miss my girl  sad 
@<propfirst> hoover just farted all over my kitchen 
