e0e855ccc11c7356afe54ffcca32319a
the future is now
needs you to help find compromising photos of celebrities in the bathroom 
hates barking dogs   on many levels 
<propfirst> winkler is my spirit animal
"bitch, you ain't no cheetah "
pudding 
2010: the future 
"dear life,"
fell behind     jawsome!
   like a phoenix from the ash 
minotaur plays games with little children   only in my dreams 
foot: broken in two places and too swollen for a cast   weather: fucking beautiful  me:  sad 
is moving tomorrow  smile 
   i guess i'll go eat worms
thank you everybody for the birthday wishes!  i had a great one 
all alone in my house this weekend   what's shakin'? (save me)
wario's woodz  
goooooodbye kennedy!  love 
sesquipedalianism
thinks her car has gremlins
ipatch nv
<propmale> vanderpool is facebook
my dear <propfirst> may never catch another disc again  sad 
if <propfirst> swayze and paulie shore mated it would be our ghost
<propfemale> child just beat out <propfirst> pattinson 
"is really, really terrible at statistics  "
what this world needs is a little more jive in it's step 
dim the lights and break out the haikus!!
stats   i am finally through with you  so eat it  xoxo
has developed a taste for blood
it is in times of silence that i find the mexican hat dance is always playing in my head   
anyone want to play frisbee with me?
damn it 2  love d you do it to me every time 
i start finished 
the internet is the scariest place in the world 
what's the shape of god?
this friday let's tip a glass to the sagitarius people in our lives  there are so man you in my life   come to my house and celebrate!
i don't want to jinx it   but i think i may be reaganing     
i'm an apathetic
"i wish, i wish i wouldn't have killed that fish"
ugh  where are you??
stumple's birthday jamboree tonight!!! hope to see you ladies and germs there 
gravity  who knew?
i highly encourage all women to put stupid girly decals and stickers on their car   this way when your broke ass loser boyfriend has to drive your car he has reason to be embarrassed 
am i the only one who think that <propfirst> bieber looks like a lesbian?
i'm a puma and i hate other pumas 
death by flu
"\last night i had a dream that a hamburger took a bite out of me!\"""""
who gets to watch aliens at school? this guy 
babies having rabies 
cyborg feminism
thanks to everyone who came out to see me last night   i'm sorry i missed all the goodbyes  
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!! it has been a fabulous weekend!
