86b688c6a736507d9eb27cb08e15c91d
"i  love  this summer   it's like no other, and that's good    smile "
"work monday   hopefully work tuesday (now that i received a contract with double the hours   rock on!)   then [tent] camping wednesday, thursday, and friday   anyone want to join in on that one?  so far, only 4 of us going to turkey run or shades in centr"
"off to do some reading before bed   (thanks, <propfirst>!)"
"late night reading made me oversleep   i turned the alarm clock off instead of snoozing it   i got up 37 minutes late, which makes me that late for tutoring   but damn, the story really sucked me in!"
"i have a half hour before we head out to the drive-in   i'm gonna play with my new tent, seal it up and let it dry before we head out on wednesday   yay!  camping!  (still no additional takers???)"
the tent is sealed and sitting in my garage   i'm off to the drive-in!  oh!  it's been soooooo long!   smile 
tutoring and coffee until 1pm    smile 
how is it that the human body can smell sooooo bad when it's not even decomposing???  damn hot field house   thank god for cool showers!
"so, throwback jamz on comcast (channel 707) is awesome!  hey there, high school!   smile "
i just submitted my application to the intense interventions program at purdue   reviewing of applications begins on friday 
"it's time for politics and empathy   it's time for global change on so many fronts   it's not just the threat of things being in our back yards   it's the fact that those things are in our families, our friends, and in us   not sure which issues to tackle"
i'm back from camping and thinking that i need to install my window units   it's hot out!!!
thunder and lightning means my computer takes a nap 
it looks like i will be interviewing for the purdue program soon!   smile 
heading out with the mo's    smile 
window unit #1 installed   one more to go 
all of the air conditioners are installed   yay for coolness!   smile 
i love new people    smile 
"\i'm not who you think i am   i'm scattered and unfocused \"""""
i'm smitten with a stranger    smile 
"still up because i'm nervous excited about the 9am interview for <propmale> county education interlocal in the morning   it's what portage schools use, like nisec in lake county "
"it's about that time to make my strawberry smoothie, put on some mascara, and get out of the house   *fingers crossed*  it's interview time!   smile "
"the interview lasted an hour   it was a tough one, lots of hard questions, but i gave a lot of good answers    smile "
tofu for lunch and then off to tutor 
i have my hopes up   i don't like that   it makes me vulnerable   aaaaahhh!
sooooo exhausted!  nighty-night!   smile 
smiles in the morning   wonderful!!!   smile 
oh so giddy   smile   happy dreams and a smile when i wake for sure!!
i love visiting st  <propfirst>!  seriously!  this needs to be a vacation spot a couple of times a year    smile 
st  <propfirst> pride was fun but hot   i love vacations with friends   i also have a certain someone on my mind    smile 
"i'm \the intelligent one\""    smile """
sthupid boob   sad 
"getting rid of the gray and red   sthupid hairs   (if you are confused, i have not been misspelling my word there   sound it out and you can hear me pouting, lol )"
"dreamed about pregnancy for two nights in a row now, and neither of them were good dreams    sad "
"butterflies have a construction crew working in my stomach!  i'm so excited, but so nervous for this day-date   damn!  it's been a while since i've had this feeling   i wish i could just enjoy it and not rush to make it go away   i really like this one   "
i am charged with the energy of change!   smile 
"oh, for those following the story somewhat    the date was fantastic!!!   smile "
"it's amazing how the mind can replay events like a movie, rewinding to just the right part as many times over as you wish    smile "
i will give up my bed any night for a friend that is visiting   it's such a small price to pay for the treasure that it yields    smile   happy 4th and good night!
"interview at purdue cal today   hopefully, i'll be attending classes as a student in the fall!!!   smile   *fingers crossed*"
so excited about tomorrow!   smile 
the workout was much better tonight    smile   dinner at <propfemale>'s was awesome!!!  i wish i could fast forward through tomorrow so it could be saturday already 
"really, really likes the girl    smile "
she's all mine!  i got the girl!   smile 
"this is, by far, the best summer so far!!!  i said it weeks ago and i say it again    smile "
sneha time!!!   smile   brought fruit with me this time 
it's official!  i'm a grad student!!!  i got accepted to the intense interventions program at purdue cal!!!   smile 
"all i need is to get a money order, fill out my license application, and get a criminal history background check done   then, i will have my proficient practitioner's license   i passed my portfolio!  it just took a long, long time to find out!   smile "
"um, could today get any better???   smile "
date day in chicago with the girl    smile   planetarium then house of blues   then just her   could i be any luckier?   smile 
my parents met dietrah tonight   they really liked her!  they sent me a text after dinner telling me   i didn't even ask yet    smile 
tutoring at the blue room 
happiness    smile 
"not strep, but in same family   got meds from dr already   thank you (to everyone who offered), but i don't need anything   well, rest is needed   i've called off of work for the past 2 days    sad "
i'm hoping my girl taught me how to make the caramel correctly   scratch that   i hope i listened correctly   we'll see within the next few minutes    smile 
the caramel was great!   smile 
gonna see if i'm any good at this surprising thing    smile 
"so, i'm not so good at surprises, but the end result is always good    smile   at least i got to pretend that i was surprising the girl since she was kind enough to not call me out on it before it happened, lol   i think i want to buy an all-in-one printer scanner copier soon   any recommendations?"
"mmmmmm    step-mom made fried green tomatoes and showed me how   sorry oaks, looks like you have competition!   wink "
"back in the quote game   yay!   smile   i think some have wandered off on me   eh, there's always new wisdom to stumble upon "
to laundry i go!  *arms out like superman*
i'm heading to mom's for a bit   then home to get ready for a fun evening with friends    smile   p s  my throat hurts again  i'm afraid that the abscess is returning 
"the movie \defiance\"" is definitely worth watching!"""
"stupid, stupid throat "
"shower, sushi, and <propfirst> chapman tonight!!!  woohoo!!!  she is one of the very few exceptions to me spending money on a concert   i can't wait!!!   smile   (throat, please go on hold tonight   advil, do your thing!)"
<propfirst> chapman was amazing!!!  wow!!!
so so so so sleepy   *yawn*
"please, dr , tell me you can fix me so i can have a fun weekend   *fingers crossed*"
i  love  lake county public library for having audiobooks that you can check out online and download and burn to a cd for good driving literature!!!   smile 
"i got to mom's around 8am   she wiped out last night and is a bit banged up   she probably has a broken ankle (along with a cut above her eye from the sidewalk and a cut up knee)    again   but, the woman is too stubborn to go to the er   so, here i wait until she decides she wants to go   i love my mom, but sometimes, i wish i could just drag her to the dr "
taking mom to urgent care 
busy busy aah!   wink 
"i decided i'm staying home today to get stuff done at home, like clean the garage "
"back to cleaning the garage soon, but lunch first "
aaaaahhhhh   bliss    smile 
"i love being in the house with the windows open on cool, rainy days   i napped in a hoodie today and it was wonderful!  however, this is why i am still up now "
"i hate that i can't \hide\"" comments on my friend's walls that were made by people that i don't want to see or be reminded of """
so sleepy today   i'm hoping to get in a nap before class    either in my car or my classroom   campuses should have nap rooms   any suggestiosn?
"did i mention that i love my new job???  i  love  my new school!!!   smile   i kinda need a nap though, or maybe just a gp and thyroid meds "
"hey look    real facebook   i've missed you   but now i have some homework that is due by midnight and a <propfemale> to watch   tonight is the first night of potty-training   yes, i am attempting to teach my cat to use the toilet    smile "
"i'm almost done reading   then, onto the written assignment   can i make it in by midnight???  *fingers crossed*"
yay!  my assignment was due by 11:59pm   it was submitted at 11:40pm   i rock!  woo-hoo!  procrastination triumphs once again!   wink 
"i'm sick   i think i have the flu   the moms brought me soup and company   i'm quite miserable   i have a field trip on thursday   i want to go   blah   i'll be at home on wednesday   hopefully, the only trip out will be to the dr   p s  my friends are awesome!  <propfemale> brought me meds!   smile   <propfemale> made an offer for soup tomorrow   i may be taking her up on it "
"oh, and i've gotten 2 a's in my thursday night class so far    smile "
"i'll see the dr at 1 smile 0pm   really, i just want to stay in bed   what happened to house calls?"
i  love  z-pacs!   smile 
any comments on windows 7 yet?
"1:12am and i am done creating a tutorial for go talk for my advanced assistive tech class tomorrow night and with most of my lesson planner for this coming week   monday came too soon    sad   tomorrow: work, do device comparisson for class, puc bookstore for ms office enterprise 2007 for $31, class, mom's, maybe laundry, then home to pass out "
yay!  i was surprised with the gift of a sub today when i walked into my classroom   i get a no-students work day today to put my lli kits together    smile 
yay!!!  93 9fm is already advertising the time for all-christmas music!   smile   i'm guessing hoping for november 9   christmas is 63 days away 
"i hated yesterday   but, taking everything into account, it was my first bad day this school year   not too bad   today is a new day    with unresolved issues "
"i read some of the most poorly written iep goals today   for you special <propmale> teachers, one actually said \fluency skills\""   this was the entire goal on the iep!  wtf???"""
modern family cracks my stuff up!  i love watching it on hulu during my lunch breaks at work   smile 
*yawn*  bills are paid   bed is calling 
"students are so entertaining sometimes   they really made me smile today    smile   i also had a wonderful night with friends   i've missed nights like this   oh, i can't wait until christmas break "
"i heard on the radio this morning that tinley park, il was voted the best city in the country in which to raise children by a business magazine   arlington heights, il and somewhere else nearby came in 2nd and 3rd   mount prospect, il was 1st last year   hmmmm   "
i  love  1 point soup!
i'm losing motivation on the homework   maybe a nap and then back to work?
"classroom discrepancy assignment done!   smile   now, onto the start of a power point presentation on klippel-feil syndrome   research, here i come!"
i had a great first thanksgiving with dietrah   i learned to play dominoes and we tracked all of our food   i came home with 11 points to spare!   smile 
"so, i finished putting up my few christmas decorations tonight   a few minutes ago, <propfemale> walked into the bedroom, hopped up next to me, and tossed one of my new snowflake ornaments into the air and onto the floor   i looked at it for a second and deicded to let her keep it   maybe she'll leave the tree alone now, lol   my classroom is waaaay more decorated right now   i need to catch up here    wink "
"to my mda camp family, there is bad news   if you want to know, call me   i've tried to reach as many of you as i could by phone already    sad "
"christmas break is off to a great start    smile   dietrah's family christmas was saturday   we watched movies and played rummy for the rest of the weekend   tomorrow, i help mom clean grandma's house some more   then, some last-minute shopping "
does anyone else video chat on skype?  it's so nice to do over the holidays    smile 
i need to get some motivation to get off the couch and out from under the heating blanket so i can shower and go to my dentist appointment   can't i just play <propfirst> for wii all day???
"so, my cell decided to ask me for my smart card   it's already in there   it doesn't care   it's a cold, heartless piece of metal   it asks for too much  if you need me, try me here or my home phone "
"phone is still out   i'm going to at&t today to have a look   *fingers crossed*  ummm, i don't have a lot of your phone <propfirst> right now    sad "
"happy new year to all!  be safe, tread gently, and live boldly   be the change!"
"i'm finally starting to feel better   i ate for the first time in a day and have kept it down so far    smile   but, still no work tomorrow    sad "
"ok - i'll play - how did we meet? copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!!! before you do that, answer for me      please participate! this should be fun & in some cases scary!!!!  wink "
"for work: remember that worry is really your fear of not knowing the end of the story or situation you're in the middle of   but, the truth is, you've already written that ending, one that will ultimately benefit you and help you reach your greatest good "
this weekend was great!  a fun time   a beautiful girl   a couple of tickets to see rascal flatts and <propmale> rucker in february   a heating blanket on a couch while watching movies   the weekend ended all too soon 
i love a freshly made bed just before i go to sleep   but i am getting to hate the nights when i am the only one here to enjoy it   i kinda really miss my girl tonight 
"\grazing the cheek    grazing the cheek   \"""""
once upon a time   
"seriously, my schedule was ordered to change less than 2 weeks ago   today, i get called out of 3rd grade math to talk about (can you gues???) rewriting the schedule   i am so tired of this    paying so heavily for administrative mistakes   grrr "
"thanks to everyone for your birthday wishes!  after a long day of work, then an rti meeting after work, then class until 8pm, i came home to a wonderful woman, cheesecake, and control of the remote!  my birthday had a wonderful ending   part 3 picks up this weekend with a trip to ohio to see rascal flatts and <propmale> rucker!   smile "
"so, i'm typing and <propfemale> stretches her neck out ever so slowly and bites my ring finger "
i'm ready for vacation   now 
the number of days that my schedule lasted before being changed: 4 the amount of time that i was notified of such change: 0 the number of attempts made to reach me for consultation of said change: 0 the number of lies that one adminstrator can get caught in: countless
"<propfirst>'s day was good    saw mini marathon the night before and then dinner and a movie the day of    smile   i love my girl that much more everyday, <propfirst>'s day or not "
"dear depression, what are some alternative employment options for former teachers?  i think the burn-out <propfemale> paid me a visit   what now?"
-1 2 lbs today    smile   i'm 0 8 lbs away from losing 10% of myself   *crossing my fingers for next week*
tomorrow: torture students with day 1 of the state standardixed test    sad 
"oh, istart7, why isn't your server bigger?  when a lot of the special <propmale> teachers in indiana are trying to do iep updates, you freak out   really, we won't give you anything you can't handle "
"hello, my biology science people   do you have any tips on where to get some short-and-to-the-point info (like cliffnotes) on cellular biology?"
scheming and planning    wink 
happy birthday to the most incredible woman in my life!  i  love  mom!
"just finished a late breakfast of frech toast made with 3 slices of 35 calorie ea bread, splenda, all spice and 3 egg whites for a grand total of 3 ww points    smile "
"i  love  that i can have my very own \kate peterson\"" station on pandora radio!"""
day 1 of spring break: very productive!  breakfast with friends   country drive   shopping for a much-desired object of secrecy   rearranged livingroom with dietrah   took the christmas tree down    smile   cooked dinner   watched a movie   got an assignment done 2 days early   whew!
"so, i'm seriously chickening out of this whole snoring surgery (partial uvulectomy, correction of deviated septum, etc   )   i only just now looked it up online   doesn't look too beneficial or comforting    sad   i may be checking in tomorrow morning just to ask questions and turn around to go home "
it's after 3 a m  and i'm still up    watching cheaper by the dozen 2 on comcast on-demand and eating cool whip free from the tub   yep    it's spring break    smile 
"hello blustery rain   i was just wondering, how long will you be around?"
"that's what the elves call \justice of the unicorn\"" """
"homework submitted   laptop scanning for viruses   dishes in the sink can wait   now onto an email reply to my love   then, shower before sushi in south bend    smile "
"dear body, i know we have a <propmale> past, but can we call a truce?  i'm giving in and taking meds today to take away the headache and allergy symptoms   but, can you please let them work soon?  i promise to reward you later with veggies and yummy stuff    smile "
"is there any topic in which you prefer to remain ignorant? if so, why?"
surprise trip to lake <propfemale>! i love towns like this!  smile 
"pay it forward for creative people: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update  they must in turn, promise to post this and send something to the first 5 posters on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010 "
i do not  love  homework    sad 
"good news:  i spoke with the dr  some more and the surgery is back on   this time, i'll have to take a few days off of work, but it'll be worth it   (sorry, <propfirst> )"
we move june 10th! yay!
what is was your favorite <propfemale> tale?  why?
"i put some bread in the toaster, opened my laughing cow cheese and got my plate ready   i sat down in the livingroom to type   i heard strange noises, but couldn't tell where they came from   decided to ignore them   went in the kitchen to get my toast and cheese   where's the cheese?  i look down and see <propfemale> licking her lips   she ate my cheese!"
"the new principal candidates were interesteing today   one was just scary   two were good   only one mentioned special education   guess who i gave my 1 100th of a vote to?  (yes, the entire crowd counted as one vote in the end )"
have you cleaned up your friends list lately?
dietrah got a promotion! and another raise!  smile 
"yay for the weekend!  but boo for having to spend it all doing finals type homework   but then, the semester is over!  tick   toc   tick   boom!"
"i hate finals time   i forgot how terrible it was   but, this puts me 1 2 way through my master's program    smile "
browsing through high school yearbooks    giggling at <propfemale>'s picture    smile 
"a: \this isn't funny \""  b: \""everything is funny   and everything is sad \"""""
got a 5 <propfemale> massage in the teacher's lounge for teacher appreciation   smile 
yay! for teacher appreciation week   the pta is awesome!  i wonder if administrators realize what's going on this week 
"i crave something to read that is not required, something that inspires me to underline words for a collection "
&#9774
& #9774
#9774
"fyi:  obtaining a master's degree is not enough to renew a teacher's licence   teaching a college course is not enough   getting published in a scholarly journal is not enough   do it all, and you get close   but, then you have do do it all over again and more a few years later "
i'm really looking forward to after-saturday   i want to read a book for fun   i want to come home and have nothing more to do because i've already done my work at work   i want to pack and sort things for donation   i want to not have homework to do   only a few days left 
"why is it that i have always been the most motivated and productive in the middle of the night?  it worked in college, but not now when i have a real job that has me up early every morning "
"\i just love how he fits in with out group   it's not easy   people hate our group \"""""
because you have a 1 1 2 year old    smile 
one big weight off of my mind today related to my master's program   one more big weight still pressing down 
"unplanned homeowrk break: ming-ming decided she wanted some of my freshly poured coffee   since she forgot that she doesn't have opposable thumbs, she dumped it (are you ready?) in my purse, in my shoes, and all over some of my notes   grrr   back to work    with a fresh cup of coffee and a cat that's now hiding "
"as i sit here on the couch finishing my last paper and drinking copious amounts of coffee with sweetened condensed milk because i ran out of creamer, i am reminded how much i like the movie spanglish as it plays on the tv in the background "
"if you could be back in one of your previous ages for a day, which would be it and why?"
"1:40 a m  and i just made myself a spanish tortilla (potatoes, eggs, and <propfemale> oil) b c i'm still up working on my final paper and dinner was 7 1 2 hours ago "
i don't remember all-nighters feeling this yucky   good news: i'm done with all of my semester work   i now have about a month before i have homework again    smile   i'm off to sleep now 
final grades already in (including the paper i submitted at 5:59:58 this morning!)   a in both classes    smile 
"i'm about to go to bed in my old bedroom at my mom's house   strange, but not   she'll be taking me to the hospital in the morning and i'll be with her all day tomorrow until dietrah comes to take care of me    smile   i love both of these amazing women!"
"surgery went well   after 3 injections of fentanyl into my iv, i learned that i can now add that to the list of pain meds that don't relieve any pain for me   it was back to my trusty tylenol 3   i'm hungry, but can't really get much past the ailing uvula   i'm also being cared for very well    smile   oh, and talking is bad    very bad    sad "
"the sneezing has begun, but i'm not allowed to blow my nose for a week   sad  not good "
"i want to lie down  i want to lie flat, fall asleep with my mouth closed, and drift off into silent sleep  i want to stop complaining, really i do  sorry "
i've discovered that i'm allergic to my antibiotic  i'm also calling off the rest of the week   sad 
"so, i'm off of work until monday   i only wish i could be more productive at home, but no strenuous activity or allowing my head to go lower than my heart   i'm off to sleep in my chair   g'night "
"it's time for a new cell phone   i currently have at&t and want a smart phone   this means that i'm also considering going over to verizon (droid)   any personal e playful eriences, recommendations, etc   ?  i'm also really looking at prices of phones, data packages, etc   "
i  love  the way the <propfemale> chicks e playful resses wanderlust  makes me smile   smile 
i am truly more miserable today than i have been all week   sad 
ah  finally starting to feel better   smile 
"dietrah and i have now purchased our sofa, love seat, dining room table, and memory foam bed  we are ready to move!  smile "
"\your position has been eliminated \""  not want you want to hear when requested to attend a meeting with the head of hr and the top union guy """
"8 more days of work unt summer break   hopefully, i will know where what i'm teaching in the next couple of days   i'm not worried though   i know i have a job, and that's good    smile "
"um, i think i'm in love with chicago magazine    smile "
"i plan on painting a little of the new apartment on friday, june 11 (which is also when furniture is being delivered)   the next day, i will be moving boxes and stuff from my hobart apartment to the highland apartment   if anyone would like to help, it would be appreciated   lunch and munchies would be on me   oh, and there are no stairs at the new apartment    smile "
"so yes, my hobart apartment will be available in july   if you're interested    it's a 1-bedroom apartment in a converted 3-unit house for $575 mo   you pay all utilities   attached 1-car garage (great for winter!)   plenty of storage space   great window a c unit included   great neighbors    smile   let me know if you're interested and i'll give you more info and or the landlord's contact info "
one week and no news at work  getting nervous 
"by about 4 surprise 0 p m  tomorrow, i will know where and what i am teaching next year   until then, i am attempting to fight off the fear of the unknown   on a happy note, i received my first yearbook today    smile   (they didn't have one for the school i was at before )"
"it's official   i will be teaching 1st grade, gen <propmale> next year (at the same school) "
"iwww   what's with \friend collectors\"" on fb getting all crappy when you don't accept their friend request?  not nice """
"after a strange week of strange pains, i am, yet again, on antibiotics   i'm kinda ready to be done with meds right now   but, i feel better than i did this past week   onto a new and better one!   smile "
are there any other teachers who are still not out for summer break yet?  is my district the only one who doesn't finish until this coming thursday?
stupid bladder   annoyed 
"baked a loaf of gf bread from scratch tonight for my love   it was yummy!  gonna try gf cookies from scratch tomorrow  (shhh   don't tell her )  made camping reservations for ohio  had a busy and fun weekend with different groups of friends   now, i say, \ah\""    smile   life is good """
*big smile* my girl is awesome!
"i have to say, i actually really enjoy reading the text book for my advanc<propmale> <propmale> psych class   it was written by my professor and i have to read approximately 75 pages two times each week   but, it was written well and i'm learning a lot   bravo, professor   bravo "
<propfirst> for wii + summer break = happy <propfemale>   smile 
i proposed to dietrah while canoeing this weekend  we're getting married next summer!  smile 
"i have an internship observation today, but all i want to do is be home and do wedding things    smile "
what's on my mind?  romantic songs and green thinking    smile   what's on your mind???
anniversary dinner tonight - the only one before we have a new anniversary date   *squee*  tupperware tomorrow   love for the rest of my life    love 
'tis the season for love    smile   i feel so lucky    i get to see the woman who will be my wife every day   she is such an amazing individual   *imagine dreamy look here*
2-day business trip begins early in the morning   *yawn*  i still have to throw some clothes in a bag and then hit the sack 
lady gaga concert-goers are cracking me up!  smile 
"after attending a beautiful wedding yesterday, dietrah and i are inspired   we are off to visit some venues to book for our wedding    smile "
dietrah and i checked out some nice venues today   we even got some hiking in during the process   niiiiiiiice    smile 
"i  love  this whole wedding planning stuff, lol    smile "
"ok techie friends, i have a situation for you   i wouild like a read receipt for my emails from my gmail account (like what is possible in outlook)   looks like gmail does not offer that feature   there are downloads available online that say they can do this in gmail   but, i'm hessitant of them   any advice?"
the work picnic was fun   nice atmosphere    chill   some players were missing   i think it was a good thing    smile   i'm looking forward to getting back into my classroom 
"would anyone be interested in joining me for a <propfemale> bowl sound healing session on sunday, aug 1 from 10am-11am?  it's in highland and costs $15 "
"if you could be made, what would you choose?"
"i  love  vinyl wall <propmale>!  i had super fun putting up our new decoration and pics that we hadn't gotten around to putting up yet   tomorrow    breakfast with the parents, an awesome garage sale, homework, and clean house    smile "
"so, the peer pressure must have gotten to her   dietrah has a facebook account now   good job everyone!   smile "
"*grumble* this is normally when i go to bed lately, not when i wake up for the day  need to be in indy for part of internship today by 7 smile 0am *grumble*"
"awesome day at <propmale>'s yesterday   but totally exhausted by the time i got home   now, homework until it's time to get ready for class   only 3 left for the summer "
in the morning: easter seals autism center   now: off to a bed that's already warmed up    smile 
i have some pretty cool new jewelry on the ring finger of my left hand    smile 
homework   homework   homework   focus   focus   focus 
distraction:  i can't stop looking at the <propfemale> sparkling on my engagement ring    smile   i want my love to come home 
"ok, i uploaded more pics and created an engagement photo album    smile "
http annoyed  www stilesandweber ourwedding com 
"to the tune of <propfirst> had a little lamb: i ordered my new phone today, phone today, phone today   i ordered my new phone today so i can play with apps    smile "
"oh, focus, where have you gone off to?  i need for you to return   pretty please???"
"i'm looking for cheap phone accessories online   any recommendations?  (i've already looked at amazon, overstock, supermediastore, buy, and some others )"
hey texas!  can you hurry it up on my phone please?
"\oh ya!  who's the big dumb monkey now?!  paint daisies on it   i don't care \"""""
"done working on papers and studying for preliminary midterm tomorrow    well, just for tonight   more studying and printing on campus tomorrow   then, only a few more days to get all of my assignments completed and submitted   vacation!  i see you!  i'll catch you!"
made notes from several chapters for the prelim final today   off to shower   then squeeze in a bit more study time   then off to class   *wish me luck!*
i love my new htc aria!
just finish<propmale> most difficult exam of my life   46 synthesis level questions in 3 hours for advanc<propmale> <propmale> psych  i seriously have a headache 
just submitted another assignment    smile   5 to go 
good morning connecticut   smile 
"9 states, a handful of state and national parks, real new england clam chowder, a lobster roll, camping on an island in maine, and we are home   i wish it wasn't over yet   but i'm happy to still be in the amazing company that i have had the pleasure to keep for the past few days    smile "
"checked my grades online    two a's!  with 4 classes and 1 internship to go before i graduate, i've still got a 4 0 in my master's program!   smile "
any tattoo shop recommendations in valpo?
i hate you <propfemale>! grrr!
"*chi-ca-go, chi-ca-go, da-da-da-da-da, i-don't-know-the-words*  weekend in chicago for a friend's birthday fun    smile "
"hello, fb   i haven't seen you in a week   now, i say goodnight   off to meet the new principal tomorrow who had already broken his word   small word broken, big action revealed "
"would anyone be kind enough to help me in my classroom today tonight?  the kids arrive tomorrow and i have a lot to finish   i can be here til 11pm, if later is better for you   pretty please???"
"i've been a working like a maniac!  been at work until after 7 smile 0pm every day!  one day, i didn't leave until 9 smile 0pm!  i really hope i get this together quickly   classes start tomorrow, too   on the up side, the first days with students went wonderfully    smile "
"bloomington's 4th street <propmale> festival was fun this weekend   i always love being there   the weather was perfect!  <propfemale> with a slight chill in the air   ahhhh    smile   then, we went and registered at our first store   yay!   smile "
"sick   soooo sick   please, i want one year where i don't get sick at the beginning of the school year   blah "
what's your purpose on this globe?
happy mexican independance day : http annoyed  some ly 9g8int
honeymoon plans in the works   *giddy*
"um, have i mentioned that my wedding dress is ordered?  i'll get it in the middle of october   yay!!!"
"<propfemale> fell off of the couch, bounced off it the table, and got stuck in a dvd rack   after lots of scary growling and cat noises, dietrah freed her, but not before she sank her teeth into my arm    sad "
i love this fall weather!!!
amazing news!!!  my dress is ready and is being shipped early!
i've got my wedding dress   i love it!!!
i'm getting married the month after next!   smile 
"ah, weekend full of fun    smile   all is good when <propfirst> is on the cd player and the air is crisp   my love has something up her sleeve   i love surprises!  kids were awesome today, too   i'm just happy    smile "
"accomplished this weekend: friend's birthday dinner at hooters, bought our wedding bands in indy, dinner with family and some great kids, a yummy crock pot, laundry, graded papers, and watched the first disc of oz   awesome weekend    smile "
supported <propmale> running in the ing new york city marathon 2010 by making a healthy commitment in the subway(r) commit to fit sweepstakes 
"after a 14 hour day, i'm finally heading home for the night "
my first open house was awesome!  i really liked the parents who challenged me to challenge their kids   they got to see my high and low differentiation and asked for more   rock on!   smile 
"is a lesbian and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly cmkwnr "
an episode of my fair wedding is filling me with emotions that are making me feel all swollen inside my chest and smiley on my face   i'm getting married in 66 days!  the countdown began a week ago in the kitchen    smile 
the children have lost their minds today 
"so, during a conversation about with my students today, a student told me (and the whole class) that his mom is a film maker   when i asked what kind of films, he replied, \adult ones   she makes lots of them \""  hehehehehe"""
big thank you to eveyone who helped this weekend!   smile 
"\be genuine without being hurtful or brutal \"""""
excited about a curriculum mapping workshop tomorrow    smile 
"christmas season is here!  well, in my classroom, it is!  aol radio, you rock!  the christmas tree is up in the apartment   i'll hold off on the class tree until december   i love it!!!  now, off to have some dinner from the crock pot with my happiness on the couch   do i hear movie?   smile "
"dear <propfemale>, i know it's early, but can you please bring my 1st graders a functioning pencil shrpener?  it's kinda difficult to only be able to sharpen about 2 each day when i have 23 students who break pencils like they're made of wafers   thank you, miss stiles"
"3rd trip to dr in 5 days  bronchitis, new allergy to antibiotic, blah  sick day tomorrow "
thank you to everyone who helped us celebrate this once-in-a-lifetime event today! it was appreciated more than you know   smile 
"lots of wedding stuff this week   squee!  checked out the room renovations and picked out tablecloths and napkins for the ceremony on monday   play date for hair and makeup with <propfemale> tonight   maybe pick up final alterations on friday   boys' suits on saturday   i think i'm forgetting something   eh, lol   i love it all!  it's so close!!!   smile "
thank goodness for old friends who have seen your patterns and can bring you clarity because of time and e playful erience   you are priceless!   smile 
my dress is ready to be picked up and we are adding a new furry member to our little family!  yay!!!!!!
just realized that i'll be married one month from today  smile 
i really don't like <propfemale>'s right now  sad 
i got test-ended on my way home from work today  *grumble*
correction: rear-ended  *more grumble*
our newest addition to the family is here!
"oh, the new <propfemale>'s name is niña (pronounced neen-ya)    smile "
"<propmale> potter fans, call this number 413-497-0167 to call hogwarts and find out about attending hogwarts   (the only charges are regular long distance, so it was free on my cell and comcast land line )  it was cute and i plan on calling back to select other options to listen to    smile "
"? i will be walking down the aisle to be married in 3 weeks, 13 hours, and 24 minutes  ?"
to those of you who recommended the walking dead    i'm hooked   darn you!  *shaking fist at you*
"2 weeks, 5 days, 23 hours, 29 minutes   smile "
"crazy parents (of students) these past couple of days   thank you for being here, weekend    smile   the polar e playful ress field trip at south shore arts was fun   kids were great there!"
"my classroom is frigid!  please, <propfemale>, bring a heater, or at least someone who can make my vents stop blowing cold air instead of hot air   seriously, it's cold, especially if i think it's cold!"
oh happy day!   smile 
and the day keeps getting better    smile 
   and better   smile 
i'm a mrs !
"anyone want to write a lit review for me tonight?  the topics are positive behavior support, functional behavior analysis, and applied behavior analysis   peer-reviewed within the past 10 years, please and thank-you "
"parent-teacher conference day is half over   we still have until 7 surprise 0 p m   wouldn't it be a great evening to be at home, cozied up with my wife, drinking something warm?  well, \lunch\"" is almost over   back to my cubbie """
"please, i need coffee!!!"
"microwaving the coffee    tired of this paper    need to sleep, but not going to happen for a while   i hate that i procrastinate, yet i do nothing to change it "
"watching white christmas on amc   thought i never saw it before, but i have!   smile   maybe i'll switch to the next episode of the walking dead "
wedding weekend has begun!  house guest - check!  pedicure - tomorrow   rehearsal dinner - tomorrow   mineral wrap - saturday   mania - check!!!   smile 
"rehearsal went well, after i got a little bit of crazy, lol   dinner went more than well   thank you, our loved ones!"
"mineral wrap was awesome!  time to finish up some favors, then wash up, head to see a beloved friend, then home again to pack for mom's and the honeymoon, call in some final orders, and head to mom's   oh, and some shopping in between there somewhere, lol "
i'm goin' to the chapel and i'm gonna get ma-a-a-ried   smile 
the keg  i get it  wow!
christmas was great!  wedding was wonderfu!   honeymoon was life-changing - we already looked at an apartment there!  goal for 2011: move to seattle!  who's coming with us???   smile 
"some new obsessions and deeper appreciations: grey's anatomy, house hunters (seattle areas), sleepless in seattle    smile   oh, the clock is already ticking down "
how did you make this world a better place this year?
woke up thinking about the magical oatmeal machine  ahhhhh 
"yay!  the work day is over!  home to my wife and a night weekend of fun!  (hey, anything is fun when i'm with her )   love "
"got to say \she's my wife\"" to a total stranger today  she just smiled and said ok  that felt great!"""
"proud of my eco-friendly self    smile   i just purchased my first college textbook for kindle   no more e playful ensive, tree-killing, (eventual) dust-collecting outdated, one-time-use books for me!"
"nice to meet you, p f  <propfirst>   :-"
hehehehehehe   smile 
? singing happy tunes in my head ?
homework and laundry   shout-out to multitasking!
outdoor recess today means i get to take my whole lunch hour!  yay!!!
"ok, i can only stay at work for about a half hour more to get awards ready for tomorrow and lesson plan   then, i must make myself leave for class   i really just said that for myself    smile "
"i almost made my time limit   i'm on my way to class now   have a good evening, all!"
i absolutely ?love? mo willems and his knuffle <propfemale>!!!  i am inspired!!!
finally leaving work    smile 
knuffle <propfemale> show-and-tell day!!!  yay!!!!!
not feeling well    sad   ears and throat hurt   slight headache 
"so, dr  says i have tonsilitis strep "
"temp still over 102, with intermittent chills  crawling out of my skin  grr "
"so, i'm sitting at home on a work day calling around to find a new gp for a follow-up   temp is down (but don't think it's gone), throat is less swollen   my wife has taken excellent care of me    smile   honestly, i wouldn't have even gone to the dr  if she hadn't taken me   she even left work early to take me on saturday   i'm so thankful to have her    smile "
my adventurous wife and i just finished making our first batch of laundry detergent <propmale> la duggars   10 g<propmale>lons (5 g<propmale> 2x concentrated) for about $2 00 and 20 minutes of easy work 
"oh my, am i sore! but i love the cause - just dance was so fun last night! hoping a hot shower will help   smile "
"i love most of this song, but the black eyed peas need a new hit "
mmm    (almost) midnight musubi   smile 
"sometimes, when you don't know what to do, it's easier when the decision is taken out of your hands "
"help needed: where can i find a free streaming video online that e playful lains to little ones (1st grade) what veterans are?  i would prefer an animated video?  (i've already looked on youtube, learn360, and teachertube "
just dragging lately!  so sleepy   really want to take a nap instead of go to class   hmmm    dunkin donuts is on the way   will i stop?
note to self: my car keys don't lock my classroom door 
happy <propfirst>'s day!!!
possible strike in the future  sad  just left union meeting 
haven't gone to bed before 1 smile 0 a m  all week   sooooooo tired 
"i love this class, but please let the time fly tonight  i just want sleep!"
indiana dems walked out 
mmm    my wife made awesome veggie tacos 
i just can't help myself   i must move furniture!!!  it's a compulsion    wink 
mustering up the balls to go to the post office to pick up a package - with my name on it  damn <propfemale> 
"i think we've all become the characters from \how i met your mother\""  can you guess who's who?  smile  clue: season 2 episode 10"""
"dear past, know your role "
late evening at work finishing report cards  anyone wanna come entertain me or help grade papers?  smile 
late night at the bmv went well - name changes on drivers licenses complete   smile  on to dinner 
"just finished a 1 hr, 15 <propfemale> conference with a dad   went great, but man, i wanna go home!   smile   p s  i really admire great dads   kudos to him!"
budget cuts hit    hard    sad 
