607db58e0eabc714a3667b1378fb2f11
wow i never get on here do i??
no more boys i can't take this    
im sore    
one day off (friday) what to do for fun?
got dome new clothes   well new to me anyway   smile 
i meant some  
is excited for san <propmale>!!! but tomorrow will be more fun yay   and then saturday
really needs to stop spending money
wedding to go to!!
is wondering about why my mind never seems to to blank when i want it to be
tomorrow is <propfemale> <propfemale>o close  friends moving everywhere  am i ready ???
"work, school, eat, breathe, shower, and wake up to a cat spooning me  - my life"
comic con 2010 already sold out  sad     going to be stuck getting one day passes 
"i swear i'm becoming more so pale everyday     need    sun!!!  just got over the flu at 2 smile 0ish (well, broke the fever at least) stuffy lil hampter  regaining energy and strength  happy thanksgiving  smile "
finals done!!!!
pissed   i missed a wedding (3-7pm) because i have to work  then my boss calls me on my way to work saying she didn't need me at 556pm        
communication can be such a beautiful thing  smile 
so ready for you 2011  try me  wink 
"sorry love, all you do is turn me off  smile "
need      va  ca   tion 
just finished w  family christmas party  smile  so fun!
serious insomnia    maybe im just stressed
"im not really sure what to say today   oo austinites, for organic grocery delivery to your house, apartment, dorm etc   go to greenling com"
one of these days i'll learn not to be so stiff around people other than <propfirst>
can't control the curly!!
"sigh, laundry   "
already friday again   ?? semester almost over?    well then   off to work
what a day off?? and out of class early?? at this point i really dont know what to do with myself 
"oh btw, the fluffiness is coming   prepare"
"couple more days ahhhhh      get to start moving in tomorrow  having one of those moments where i was remembering \ i've still got 3 5 months to do this\"" psht"""
obviously i've been playing waaayyy too much cafe world
"so having one of those moments    i had a can opener, checked everywhere but the pantry for food, then when i found the foods     it had one of those easy open tops  ugh"
so sorry for spaming you all with my cafe worlding  i love you though  smile  i adjusted the privacy settings specific to all non cafe-worlders being free from 8 million posts a day  let me know how it goes
la di da
sorry   i dont read gangsta!!!
enjoys food so much that     hmm
doesn't want to see toy story 3    it'll ruin he classics for me
hungry hungry hampter!
life is so odd    why??
"so     phone is wet, start sending me your <propfirst> so i can have them in my new phone  playful "
still need your <propfirst>   my lil brother is the only one that's sent me his hers so far      burn!
new camera!!!!!! bwuahahaha im excited now  smile 
happy independence day ;p
bleh *squeak* rawwwr
likes food  laugh 
"going to do laundry since lovely dryer doesnt work, at least i'll finally have time to read bone while i'm waiting  laugh "
hmm    havent put a pic of new hair up    pretty sure it'll take a few days lol
 laugh       playful        ;p        wink 
3 days!!!!!!
kitteh es crazy!!! may not zive thou teh nigt
2 days!!!! comicomicomicon lol
im back
"so ya, they did pre-registration for con 2011 this year at con  i believe all the 4days sold out already unless they set some pre limit  preview night   gone  kinda unfair to the general public"
 laugh 
hamptra needs food   jus sayin
i squeak sanity   
"bought shoes online, went to pick them up before work and didnt really \have time to check them  just got home      i have 2 right shoes, \different sizes and laces ones black and the other black ones got \twilighted ugh,      "
now has a left shoe to match the right shoe!! and they're the same color   smile  i love my xxhi converse  laugh 
so close    so far away ugh
absolutely loves sonic happy hour  laugh 
he's the pirate to my ninja  smile 
 laugh  such a happy hampter  one day i'll figure out how to do a hamster on this keyboard      
doesnt mind drinking but hates drunks     sad 
"totally freaked out when she spit blue, then remembered eating jelly beans     "
it was like a nuclear e playful losion went off in my brain and ended the world of thoughts - <propfirst> lol
nice 3 hour hike on the greenbelt to make up for all the sitting i'll be doing tomorrow  playful 
"no work, no class,      no fooood ???? ugh"
dude   if i ever posted my dreams i swear half of you would send me to a mental institution lol
 smile 
ugh really?? <propfemale> snot on my glasses
any one moving need a roommate    trying to stay in the southwest <propfirst> area
early     what is this early you speak of?
just want to move already     
 sad 
i feel like a hollow wooden juggling ball
sooo ready (kinda) for that spanish test tmo  smile 
greenbelt!!
"oh also, stopped at a stop sign today and waited for the light to turn green      "
i feel like being a mischievous hampter   
i feel like im losing more of my mind everyday  i dont know what i need though ugh  x(
pretty bad when you think of food being in the window from someone texting you with the phone on vibrate    love hyatt
"ah, gotta love writing  finally a peaceful mind"
must     have    mini fridge!!
oh and im free thursday night      anyone bored  want to <propfemale> out???
<propfemale> trekkin - the firm    ah it's been too long  playful 
facebook makes me feel like a stalker at times     
one hour til skating!!!!!! i'd go bored out of my mind on this computer without it 
omg! so much fun  i believe it's music and bubblebath time for the little hampter
"ight folks, class in the morning"
hampter still up for thursday (after 235  playful  when class is over)  takers?
"so sore  lesson of the day : no squats before work    oh, & moving in a couple of days  playful "
it's truly awesome when people that you've been missing  hunting for have been missing you too  playful 
"jogging, more exercise + work = trouble right?? ha!   playful  wish me luck"
good luck to disturbed in their concert tonight  playful  cant believe i missed them ugh 
"idc what anyones says  i'm excited for april \6th  gaga concert!!!!!!!!"
reaalllyy want to watch inspector gadget at the moment   
doo do do do do inspector gadget           go gadget go!!!! *music plays*
ok here goes    who doesnt like <propfirst> <propmale>??????
"i hate asking for favors but is anyone available friday afternoon (10-2 ish, im flexible) to help move a couch??"
"gees    split my forehead open on a drawing table, then hit it on a cabinet door while throwing the bandaid wrappers away     yet still no luck finding my camera charger  *sigh*"
skating was epic tonight!! so much freedom and peace in the flow
"groupon says : can skipping your morning coffee destroy your friendship with <propfirst> \clooney?"
"wow that nap attacked me    i had a dream    in it i was <propfemale>, loca was playing while i was running from a blue muppet werewolf       "
"really wanna go to ren fair this year, but i'll wait until next year"
about to go move stuff and maybe meet my new roommate!!!!!
finally all moved in!!
just got the internet set up   playful 
music + skating= hamptra in undefinable place of happiness
paintball + busy at work + skating = sore  but it hurts so good  laugh 
i really want the new gorillaz album  laugh 
so       once i get my new skates ima try going to the veloway regularly if anyone wants to exercise  skate with me let me know  smile 
really wanting at least one day of complete nothingness
so i've got a shrimp lasagna and a regular lasagna if anyone's hungry   smile 
speakers finally set up  laugh  and deftones sounds sooooo smoooth
it's all just kittens and snowflakes
cant sleeeeep!!!!!!!!!!!!
flowers of coffee  smile 
"halloween outfit picked out, now the hair      "
"playing with make up for tuesday, now i remember i dont have make up remover     "
"really\sick of being used, rejected, and blamed lately  it's so frustrating\and i'm really trying not to e playful lode, but seriously  i need a fucking\break! worse yet most of the people i want to say this to either wont\read it or cant see it    ugh, just warning the people that do care    \dont push me with stupid shit right now  "
hamptress is back to herself with everything thought out  ready for life again  laugh 
midnight showing of the blob    twas awesome!!!!!
hampters ride wolves lol
"\in the next room\"" - neon trees"""
you know   just zoning and knifing
halloween skate night!!!!!!!!!
wow  smile 
home  smile  long exciting day tomorrow
still offering darkstalkers for nov 13 i need to buy tickets soon      
"im thinkin short dreads, with red and blonde maybe?"
that's like the entire lotr trilogy with all the deleted scenes and loving hobbit moments
cereal!!!!!! geez i really do love kix  laugh 
"so when a friend comments on your wall     you have the option to comment, like, and \see friendship\""   lol"""
"\heartbeat\""- <propmale> iglesias"""
my body never ceases to crave chick-fil-a on sunday ugh  playful 
"just wanted to say thank you to all of those who texted, facebooked, emailed, blimped, grafittied, and said happy birthday  laugh  i love you guys  i have a short story coming by the end of tonight for you  i'll put it on the left of the fb <propfemale> if it's short enough otherwise     it'll be in my notes"
and so it begins  playful 
hamptra epic posted in notes lol
woot! darkstalkers twas awesomeness!  laugh  i love my izzy and rage j
"im not conceited, i just enjoy being me  smile "
"oh darling, the plans i have for you  playful "
"ha!, you thought     that was the first mistake"
sigh*  fail
"so   if i disappear, and you visit <propfemale>, and you see a truck near the eiffel tower that sells tacos and muffins            it's jeffs fault   laugh "
fooooood!!!!!
gotta love  free food  laugh 
so many amazing weird quotes today that i cant remember grrr   
mmm quiet peaceful day  laugh 
someone gave me this awesome noodle necklace today  laugh 
is it dec 3rd yet????
"night was filled with toothpaste, chocolate mashed potatoes, and <propfemale> for friday's tso concert  laugh "
done crying myself to sleep over assholes  the slate is erased and it's nap time!  laugh 
the one time i dont handwash my bras and i get myself stuck in a dryer for like 10 <propfemale> trying to get one out     laugh 
"friday lineup : veloway, spa (i've never been, kinda nervous but excited), and tso concerrrrrttttt!!!!!!"
yes  i snort when im really happy or find something really amusing    didnt know it was a mystery
tso was effing amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the needle turned into a sword  next thing i remember was seeing my beating heart  i was alive after all 
"ugh, farewell 4 0 i'd need a 100 on that last test to keep you  grrrrrr you ethics       like 5 more overall points, a slightly more e playful lained research paper, and i wouldnt be worried   crying "
one banana! lol <propfemale>
shit    kill shot
2 laps at the veloway!    almost   wink 
really miss all the pics lost on my other comp esp my cheetah arm  sad 
id very much so like to die right now    wayyyyy beyond epic fail 
"sorry everyone, im going through a serious identity mental crisis  nothing in my head adds up or makes sense anymore  yes, i am going to see a doctor or therapist soon  it's getting too out of control    hopefully they dont just give me drugs         "
*sigh* boys boys boys
"just checked my grades   idk how, but i'm still a straight a student  im still stunned that i got an a in ethics, i thought otherwise   laugh "
just wanna be part of something legit
"\oh no she's tryin to get free hbo!\"" - pigeon in cats and dogs revenge of <propfemale> galore  playful """
"\for you i'd bleed myself dry\"""""
"i know some assholes, some hermits, some drama queens, some stoners, and some intelligent shy peeps     i'd have to say, they are all the most amazing people i've ever met  i love you guys  laugh "
gonna stare at tits while i eat food at twin peaks  playful 
my duck minions shall overcome any flock you send  laugh 
mmmmmmm pistachios!!!!!
"alright  who wants to feed hamptra?  laugh  i could set up a fence petting zoo style with a sign \ please do feed wild animals\"" but idk how well that'll go over   """
really in the mood for some techno and sleep  odd enough combination
"\i'm not the same kid from your memory  well now i can fend for myself\"""""
"can i borrow a bottle of \drama b-gone\""? i'd love some at this point"""
great amazing day so far  smile 
"new show \being human\"" not bad so far"""
so my professor has the most amazing beard thing ever    i'll try to get a picture or draw one   it is its own limb has it's own personality i swear
"yes, my boobs are \huge\"" but my heart is bigger  laugh """
"always love how organizing a room becomes an all day venture and leads to a different mess of \organized\"" piles"""
"mmmm deadmau5 \fml\"" = new favorite song   laugh """
"dear <propmale>, i havent met you yet    but i love you to death  laugh "
"almost to a point where the idea of being fired seems freeing  warning to friends, i wouldnt even try to contact me at all from wednesday night to friday morningish   i'll be so effin tired esp  thursday  longest day i'll have had in a while  i didnt miss 16 hour days and homework crunching ugh "
"i feel a little better, but im sure the tp <propmale> is using me as a snot factory grrr    doesnt he know i am hamptra? !!"
life's a journey  why can't we all just relax?!?!?!
"since you wont accept canada for an answer    i am switzerland; neutral, leave me out of this "
i really wanna go out and play tonight  smile 
just finished cutting my hair & finally found a nice reddish lipstick  i feel like an absolute fox right now  laugh 
i honestly feel like a turkey being thrown in the oven after being covered in a <propmale> hearty failsauce   tasty  sad 
