240df44a9384d208ee3c3d6b5ded098c
had a very special day monday   a very wonderful girl i went to school with but hadn't spoken to in years invited me out to lunch   still can't believe it   i've pinched my arm so much it's starting to bleed   just hope it ain't another 15 years before i see her again   where's kristi   she's always got great advice for these situations 
"ok, i've officially started writing chapter 1104 of my life story   be sure to reserve your copies today!  not only is it going to be a best-selling novel, it's also a combination paperweight, foot stool, booster seat, and add a little gasoline and you'll have the perfect fire-starter   you'll never need another book!"
"well, i must return to \cow town\"" this afternoon   i will miss everyone and will try to stay in touch and check in whenever i can   this was a very special visit this time   i should be back in huntington before the end of the month """
"has been smoke-free for nearly two weeks now, thanks in part to <propfemale>'s smoking-cessation program   i can't disclose many details, but i will say that i haven't sustained any injuries or ass-whippings yet "
just finished first full day of work at new job!  i can't remember the last time i felt this tired   in a good kinda way 
does not feel like going out and facing the world today   maybe working 9-close will keep me busy enough today to get my mind off things 
"does anyone know if there's a word for \irrational fear of ducks\""?  long story   i had a very disturbing dream last night """
"feeling so much better about my job!  went in today half-way hungover and marched into mgrs  office and \reminded\"" him that my 30 day evaluation is past due   he said \""evaluation hell   you've proven yourself   your raise will be on this check or the next \""  totally made my day!!!!"""
"ok first, and seriously, i apologize to the few friends, ex-girlfriend, and possible strangers i may have annoyed more than usual the past couple of nights   secondly, and on a lighter note, i am currently rigging up a breathalizer machine to my computer's power supply   ha!  really   gonna behave better, i promise!"
"hope work really flies by today   my #1 fan and love of my life is coming over to stay with her daddy this weekend   never thought i'd be so looking forward to dolls, spongebob, and chocolate milk, but i can't wait!"
"finally feeling better   rhinovirus my a**   i think they should call it \hiroshima-virus\""   or even \""mad elephant flu\"" is more fitting """
"thinks i need to find a new hobby   my friend and i nearly got fried and set fire to a small storage building with a \homemade-modified\"" tesla coil   maybe i should just stick with cooking \""der goord spaghit\""!"""
i was abducted by hippies wednesday morning   it's been a good thing;  i needed a break in the routine of work and sleep   slowly coming back to reality now 
really wish i had a good functioning mountain bike   payday + 1 5 days off!!  i should be pedaling to beech fork!!
i'll attempt the 'ole tesla coil again today   if you're in the highlawn east end area and your lights flicker tomorrow afternoon you'll know i'm laughing like a mad scientist somewhere   hahaha!
"day started out great   got to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend and go out to eat, but eventually ended up getting called in to work on my day off : p   but i can't complain 'bout the first half   work couldn't take the smile off my face!"
"enjoying my day off   did my good deed for the day and cut my sister and bro-in-law's lawn   mom had to go to hospital this morning over a cat bight!!  i've heard of cat scratch fever, but this is crazy   they're actually keeping her there for observation right now   don't know if she'll be staying or coming home tonight   family can call me for any more details   probably gonna go see her in a few "
thank you!!  everyone   bestest friends & family for the birthday wishes!!  i'm sure this bash will spill out into next week   but all's good here in wavy-land!!
first time on fb in over a month   all's good here   working 7 days a week   getting things accomplished though  : )
"just spent an eventful week dealing with a couple troublesome kidney stones   hopefully it's over now   i've tried to find some humor in my situation   as my late mentor (god rest his soul) <propmale> de <propfemale> once said \you don't know what pain is!\"""""
