4cc2a75028a0e3e582562958eaad4995
happy new year to all 2010    break it in wink 
"my turkey turned out so good,the whole thanksgiving dinner was perfect "
going to sleep     i am having a little insomnia    lol
getting out the dang quick sand yo new year ahead  lol
happy new year      could be our last???
how very very blessed i am      for many things       thankful for each one they only keep getting better 
feeling really blessed and if i may not deserve it but my kids surely do!
"for this has got to be the most amazing time my life has ever e playful erienced in all my 35 years , i for the first time feel complete and whole and really thankful for everything and everywhere     it took to get here      cause i am really in the place i always wanted to be     but looked where i didn't see any place to be      "
"leaving little pieces of me     behind    running blind,in the world so unkind     hoping to find what i left behind yet just has all seemed to come to an end     no where left to blend      !"
all this left to mend    so i close my eyes to what it was going to take to make my life what it just all the sudden has emerged into      and with everyday seems to continue to progress forward faster     never did i think through it all i was gonna end up here      happy
how the world hides from life and live in a false world to protect there sanity    or perhaps only the strong ones are those who choose to see the truth??
really stoked and still in shock i have found my long lost brother! smile 
"you and your family are welcome to come and stay at my house anytime i live in <propfemale> ana,ca in orange county , mom lives in sb her place is very small  but my house is always open whatever i can do let me know  smile "
life is slapping me in the face with blessing after blessing     like waves crashing over me one after another      it's awesome!   just when i think it couldn't get better crash another wave  (blessed)  wow!
"wodering why life is such a wonderful life,and how it happened idk    just did    thank you jesus   amen"
"if people are starving then this is the cause to donate anything to, helping people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=21b1fc16"
why noone has said happy birthday   wow   well i am saying happy birthday to me     lol!
lol   it isn't until 2marrow      oh mothers day   2      double up     and happy mothers day !!!!   all u mothers
why not treat the problem instead of the symptom     we need to help people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=468f1348
happy mothers day!       and i am 36 today       smile 
why not treat the problem instead of the symptom     we need to help people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=468f1348
why not treat the problem instead of the symptom     we need to help people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=468f1348
why not treat the problem instead of the symptom     we need to help people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=468f1348
why not treat the problem instead of the symptom     we need to help people help themselfs  http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 318559?m=9d55c687
714 543 3135     lol
some people just live in a fantasy world         lol      where the life they live is as fake as them         get real you will find yourself getting slapped by reality soon (love)!        i am waiting close by with popcorn         coming to a theater soon      lmao!
my mind has too much on it !!!!     so i won't bother posting it! lol
mom is back in the hospital! grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"i raher not say what is on my mind      but i will make a public announcement        i am singe and on the rebound any gentlemen with manners , respect and cognitive ability only please   lol"
can't we all just get along?????    muther fuckers always trying to get on or over indupt under       and then       wtf???? 
"i haven't alot on my mind       and i think things work out better, and go smoother that way   ******"
just being lost    bored and unproductive    but life keeps moving on and sooner or later i will crash into the right moment  http annoyed  bit ly bygmjh
to all those wonderful friends who poke me       lmao    thanks now i can cut back on poking myself!!!!! much love lol   wheres the stroke me button?
"too much thinking causes wrinkles and hair loss ,,, so why not cloud up your thoughts with meaningless madness of meditation, and kick your shoes off stay awhile, until the pressure builds than run back to the thoughts ,,,, lol i promise they won't seem so hard and difficult will be a breeze "
"i am skeeerrreddd of he things that get on my mind , when no one is around to annoy them or i start to get bored       yikes!! lmao"
everyone don't forget to turn your clocks back    fall is here!
just gonna get some rest    but i will be back muhahahaha
"on top and feeling good , and im going to enjoy it!!!!  f t w no~one is going to mess this one up! no~one!!!!"
is it too early to be hitting the bottle?
"well i am hitting the relaxing chair now ahhhhhhh is how a clean house feels, now everything else follows ahhhhhhh to mmmmmmm ! lol"
w t f? ? ?      o m g !!!       lmfao!!!!!
"does anyone have any idea when the train to a positive place comes by, cause all the negative dumb shit is getting to my head and it is starting to get sharp pains in the central nervous system, making life hell for anyone within 25 <propmale> of me "
"just got my thanksgiving dinner over this weekend , and i have lots of left~over's anyone hungry?"
gobble gobble      wobble wobble        ok is everyone ready for jingle bells?   lol
how many times do i ask myself why????? how many times????
mmmmm the cold <propfemale> weather makes coffee taste so much better!
o m g if i don't get off this damm computer i will never get to the store ! the store the store the store      store            store  lmao
"the first time i have ever cooked salmon , and  had no idea what i was doing , but i do know i will do it again, all good! i am proud of it too!"
wow this freak just had me roflmao he was seriously a facebook loser mr  jaymes wyse beware he will have you roflmao look him up and ask him why he is so funny ??  lol i will give you ten dollars he is not worth more than that!
where is everyone?
"omg      i feel like such an  asshole , i lost my son's christmas money from his grandma!"
whats on my mind???? lmao  at this time i have to say overloaded and over ~ worked           and it is time to stop worry over people who don't !
picture me rollin        lmao         sorry it's the b-friend 
idid not see anything its a virus       i did not cry either!
how people can only judge people who do things to help there ungreatful and bitter soul  i will never know and thanks to a certain someone makinq me aware of the inconsidirite scum they truely are helps me toughen up the concern about the shit he is
this is going to be a new year       battles that have been won will be a celebration to enjoy! happy holidays and live the new year of 2011 like it's your last!
"so they say the world will fade away by 2012 , rather it's true or just the begining of the end  this new years to be lived better than the ones before it       like it was my last ! wishing everyone a year of all that you deserve and more "
who knows a good movie that i can find on the internet?
going to pick up my new car in the morning!!!!! yay!!!! thank you free <propfemale> cars org
i love my new car!
my mind has many things     on it            in it              and i must say people will have to pay to have any peice of it   !!!!!!!!!!
