9d085fc103847e247b66af3aa36e3ef5
"thought i was watching tv with my dog, but turns out he left  so bored!!!!"
"if you could harness boredom, and make ine playful ensive fuel out of it, i alone could cut american dependancce on foreign oil "
nobody's online tonight    i feel lonely 
"for some reason, i'm wondering what tonsils look like   "
"in the past 2 weeks, i've lost almost an inch on my waist  in the past 2 days, i've lost about 2 pounds  feeling pretty good about myself  laugh "
"spent about an hour and a half napping with the dog on the bench on our porch  then, my allergy medicine decided to wear off   "
"last night, i had a nightmare that my 'stache grew out of control and i had facial hair like <propmale> burnside, but with an equally big and fuzzy beard "
what's the proper reaction when a <propfemale> actually takes the time to fly by and spit on you?
sick and tired of staying at home on the weekends with nowhere to go and noone to <propfemale> out with!!!
who can resist this face? hahaha
i think i just bruised two bones while sneezing   
only thing fun about renegames is hanging out with friends without those pesky classes getting in the way  playful 
"in the past six months, i have seen more newspapers than most of you will see in a lifetime "
my mom is compulsively vacuuming  playful 
"operation: tidy nest\progress: 33% complete\stress level: 85%"
"i learned two things taking out the trash today annoyed 1  force flex bags can, in fact, spring a leak \2  chili can support at least 5 different species of fungus  playful "
i remember 9 11 like it was yesterday  mostly because my memory sucks and i can barely remember yesterday 
"passed my permit test! next up, 6 hours of driving school "
"at 12:14 this afternoon, i will officialy be 16!"
school's out!!!!!!
summer solstice: summer has officially begun!
just watched gremlins  good movie 
beach today!
never underestimate the hidden power of a lawn sprinkler 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored!!!!!
vacation!  laugh 
"back to that future   thing   the one that hasn't happened yet?\a united nerds media production\coming soon (relatively speaking)"
"note to self: when pinecones are tossed into a fire, they have the potential to e playful lode, sending fireballs up 30 feet into the air "
this just in: <propfirst> doesn't know the difference raisins and prunes 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored!!! dx
last day of freedom   
stupid budget cuts
"just when u feel like you're done with school, you suddenly find yourself sitting in that hard desk seat again, yawning so hard u nearly dislocate your jaw "
today i ate lunch with a grasshopper  noone else  i hate my lunch period 
"i  can sneeze up to 17 times in a row, but when i need to sneeze, nothing  go figure "
ugh  english homework  save me 
95 7 fm just rickrolled it's listeners -§-
"you ever wonder what the \q\"" stands for in <propfirst> q  urkel?"""
i think i'm ready for my 15 minutes of fame to be over 
"another day of school, another 8 hours we'll never get back "
youtube video of the week: official premier on 9 24 2010 on <propfemale> tv during the renegade morning show
frustration level: critical
youtube video of the week: official premier this friday during the renegade morning show
i'm dissappointed with how the <propfirst> bit my finger episode of youtube video of the week turned out  annoyed 
"hot funk, cool punk, even if it's old junk, still rock and roll to me "
i hate rain  annoyed 
how exactly does a dog get his tug-of-war rope stuck to his collar?
"my sister is playing fetch with the dog  i walk by right as she throws the ball and i get hit in the crotch  after a few minutes of pain, i have to walk by again  this time, she manages to wedge the ball between my elbow and my body "
psats in the morning  playful 
fire alarms: the most annoying invention in the history of mankind 
wow  i have never seen fog this thick 
can't wait for the next episode of youtube video of the week to go on the air next week  laugh 
*the fire alarm goes off*\\nmr  booth: everybody wait! i have to give you your homework!
i want to be the grinch who stole halloween 
i saw an old man in shopright who bore a striking resemblance to he who shall not be named 
happy couples are the #1 cause of hallway traffic 
diversity day = boring
happy thanksgiving!!!
"to love without being loved back is a part of life  it sucks, but it's a part of life "
always pay 100% attention when shaving  always 
you know you're screwed when you can actually hear the static charge build up 
i have seen cheez-its  i am distracted by cheez-its  i can't stop thinking of cheez-its 
how is it that this bizarrely vicious bedhead is on the right side of my head when i sleep on my left side? add that to the mysteries of the universe 
just watched outbreak  awesome!
power outages: no fun when you're alone or everyone else is asleep  playful 
i hate seeing happy couples  it's depressing  annoyed 
i'm updating my status   from my new ipod touch  smile 
so      the dishwasher threw up   
slipped on some ice and got a small cut on my hand  winter: 1 ; andy: 0
"never work with children, animals, or children who act like animals "
heading to my little cousin's birthday party that i literally just found out about this morning  nobody tells me anything -§-
yet another <propfirst>'s day spent alone  what else is new?
stupid wind  trash can rolled down the driveway  why can't the trash take itself out of trash day?
just realized i'm wearing my sweatshirt backwards   
"i shall now call chairs \sittable objects\"" """
you don't quite realize just how uncomfortable a bus seat is until you've been sitting in one for over 2 hours 
"dear storm, shut up! some of us are trying to sleep!"
<propfemale> black sounds like a dying cat choking on a hairball with it's package in a vice 
i must have burned off the energy from my breakfast by sneezing today  i freaking hate being sick  sad 
"anybody ever fall asleep in the middle of the day, wake up, and think it's the next day?"
i hate making storyboards! but they're a necessary evil 
