632fd3e74207906f51b962b027027a2a
gay jesus
"laughing at stupid whores who think they know what love is, hahaha  little kids crack me up "
"i got a perfect score on my college english placement test, and i\literally can not think of any words to describe how i am feeling\now    life sucks right? lol"
i need more gay friends  lol
*pumps fist* and <propfemale> and i move one step further into our relationship! thanks everyone who's been supporting us (you know who you are)  smile 
"so i am thinking i am single again, haha  imagine that   playful "
pickles    is a funny word 
"i woke up crying from a nightmare    almost had a panic attack,   and my girlfriend put me on hold when i tried to call her  "
nintendo 64 pwns!!
\do not slander pairings thou does not like \,632fd3e74207906f51b962b027027a2a,"uugghh, i can not sleep"
"silly woman, i have the penis, you make the sammich "
loves how as a little kid a nutty bar becomes completly inedible unless all the layers are taken apart 
single  found out girlfriend was cheating on me with 2 other guys and a girl  fun right?
"ugh, been so bored, can't wait for work today "
in a horrible mood 
where the hell are the nail clippers??!!!!!!!
"oh my gawd i just got to talk to <propfirst> lush on the phone!!!!!!!!!! i am the most amazingly happiest super special boi in the entire world that ever lived, ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"a marriage shall be considered valid only if the wife is a virgin   if the wife is not a virgin, she shall be executed - deuteronomy 22:13-21  us gays can quote the bible against marriage too, damn christian bastards "
"it has finally happened, farmville has officially taken over life   people are using college computers to play   guys and girls both     why???!!!!!!!!!!!"
"so had a customer complain because a gay guy took his order  apparently \them gays get away with way to much \"" fucking douche """
marijuana 
it's my birthday!!!!!!!!!!
"to everyone who whished me a happy birthday yesterday, thank you so much!!! i had a great birthday!  love   love   love "
pre-ordered xbox 360 250gb kinect bundel and naruto ninja storm 2 today  am so pumped to get them 
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed 2fu2vgvylm\ i would go straight if i could get this game before it's release   laugh "
"zomg got a new haircut and i am sooo loving it, check it out and tell me what you think!!!  love   love   love "
"i am the first one in the entire branson hollister area to own naruto shippuuden ultimate ninja storm 2!!!! i was totally first in line, woo"
"got my 42in hdtv for my room today, it is pretty sick not gonna lie"
"as my stress increases, my life seems to get simpler    very weird, but not complaining, i like simplicity   smile "
"one of the few times, i am glad i have the day off "
i hear sometimes giving up is the only way to win?
"okay this is why i hate facebook, i am on for 2 seconds at it is already fucking up   annoyed  bye bye people for like a week again "
"really tired, and   lots of other stuff   thank goodness for a sunday off "
it's fine 
"\don't make decisions when you're angry  don't make promises when you're happy \"""""
<propfemale> is the most awesome girl in the world   love 
"oh my gosh, <propfirst> just made my entire night! first time i have really smiled all week, aha, awesome!"
do not dis the cone cups!
"bacon wrapped corn dogs, for a sin this sweet, i'll gladly go to hell "
disney -  love 
"lol some straight guy thinks he has more girls to talk to than me  silly child, i am gay, i will always have more girls   smile "
"what's up people?? msg me or txt me, i need some entertainment!"
just got my ipod touch     that's about it 
"dear facebook, today i was assaulted by horseradish sauce  yes, i am bleeding "
you are the ultimate disney fan  you can probably name all seven dwarfs without blinking an eye  polish up your mouse ears and <propfirst> yourself on the back - you're the ultimate disney fan 
went looking for ghosts and found sex 
so bored 
"mother told me to \grow up\"" because i still like pikachu  does she not understand that he is adorable?? help me out here people!!!"""
"\dying like trash    never ending hatred    pain that never heals    that is war   \"""""
why are so many guys total jerks? *sigh*
