899cefc117188cc82ed9d8cd3f181c0f
"as much as i love the cold weather and snow, it hacks me off when it keeps us from having church !!!   aaarrrrggghhh  !!!"
yeah !! we are having church at 4 !!  see y'all there    surprise )
back to the daily hum drum of life      kinda hard to get a move one after such a great weekend !!
i'm off  in 52 minutes !!!  and counting
"i'm free, i'm free !!!  i'm off till monday     yeah  ;o)"
my 'turkey' man's birthday is saturday  !!  they just grow up to fast
"turk is so excited about his birthday, he wants a scooter and to go see the new transformers movie   daddy will take care of the first one and grandma sent money for the second one !! hehehe"
"my boy is 7 today !!!!  we are having a great day spoiling him, and he seems to be enjoying it so far too !!"
"hey, thanks everyone who wished ehren a happy birthday !!  i let him get on and read them all, which he thought was really cool   ;o)"
last day of work this week !! yeah !!    just about 4 hours and 17 minutes  ( not that i am counting )  ;o)
"zip-a-dee doo da, zip-a-dee ay !!  i am off woohoo !!!"
"hi ho, hi ho it's off to work i go !!! hehehe"
silly stupid meeting this morning !! some people should not be allowed coffee and awesome should be ripped violently from all vocabulary everywhere !!!!
is totally ready to enjoy my awesome ;p new porch !!!  the kids even put their handprints in it !!!   <propfirst>     it is my favorite song   cause awesome is my favorite word !!!!!!!!! hehehe
had a great 4th with friends and family ;o)  little ones even did a few sparklers and got on the roof with daddy to watch the fireworks in town !!!
"here we go    starting a new week !!   busy busy busy, as if i would change that  ;p"
"counting down days till my whole family is getting together for the first time in 4 years !! just had a reunion on <propmale>'s side a couple of weeks ago, this is an awesome summer   ;o)"
slight change     had a fantastic time with <propmale>'s family over the last month and now my family is having a reunion in a couple of weeks     what a spectacular summer !!!
ready for a great weekend !! getting ready for family     ;o)
"finally cashed in my mother's day present yesterday, 4 hours at a day spa       it was great !!!"
as turk keeps counting down the days till he gets to see his other 3 cousins     <propmale> and i are keeping busy getting ready   surprise )
turk and <propfirst> say 4 more days !!!! they told me they get to go to <propfirst>' house and only 4 more days till they see their cousins !!!  oy  ;o)
yeah !! i am starting my vacation !!!!    y'all be good ;o)
vacation is here !!!!   ;o)  surprise ) ;o)  surprise )
we are back and it is already time to slip back into the normal routine     oy !!!!  ;o)
yeah !!!  i didn't need a root canal after all !!!! yeah !!!
can't wait for the youth meeting this weekend !!!!   woo hoo !!!
now that was a great weekend !!! what a meeting  surprise )   to top it off  i only work wednesday this week  hehehehe
"oy, back to work, and wouldn't you know my computer decides to have an attitude this morning !!"
ready to go home ;o)
getting myself motivated to go into town    really dont want to go anywhere  ;p
fixin to head outside and work on the yard   
"we are taking the little ones to the drive in tonight     i can't wait, it is going to be so much fun    "
"we had a great time at the drive in !! it was really cool, the littles one loved laying in the back of the <propfirst> while daddy and i sat outside   surprise )"
"<propfirst> is excited for her first day of school tomorrow, just not happy that ehren gets to go to mrs  <propfirst>' house without her    surprise ("
<propfirst> is off for her education and ehren is at mrs  <propfirst>' house getting spoiled !!  and me    well i am at work   whoohoo !!  playful 
fixin to go pick up <propfirst> and see how her first day of school went  ;o)
<propfirst> had a great first day and really had fun  surprise )
"woo hoo,  laundry day !!   surprise )   surprise )   surprise )    then off to work later"
really loved spending the day with my turkey !!  now i am ready to go and play with my family   surprise )
work work work      oy !!!
is thinking i ought to get to work and stop fooling around on here   surprise )
gotta go pick up my turkeyman from school     then back to work
fixin to close the office and enjoy the weekend with my family !!!    surprise )   surprise )
enjoying a relaxing weekend !!
"headin to church in a bit, goin to enjoy this evening and get ready for the busy busy week that starts tomorrow promptly at 6 am   surprise )"
"got the little ones to school and made it to work on time,  whew    now to work  surprise )"
fixin to get the little ones from school and boy am i ready for church !!!  need the fellowship with normal people  surprise )
"today is off to a much better start, praise the lord !!!"
just 45 minutes till my weekend starts  surprise )  surprise )  surprise )
woo hoo  i am outta here !!!  now to get the kids and have some fun  surprise )
monday monday !!!  work and school     here we go again    
"thank you lord for cloudy & rainy weather !!  we slept in till 9 this morning and now the boys are off to work   <propfirst> and i are cleaning house, gettin ready for our meeting !!!  just one more week  surprise )  surprise )"
"the boys are off to work, and <propfirst> and i are doing stuff at the house   just 5 more days till the meeting !!!"
our meeting starts in just 4 more days !!!!   woo hoo !!!
"3 days !!!   friends and family are coming, plus unbelieveable preaching     does it get any better ????"
2 days !!!  family will be here tonight and our church family is ready and more friends will be on their way tomorrow    woo hoo i am so ready !!!
"now that, my friends    was a meetin !!!!  family, friends and a church family that just way above and beyond      wow !!!"
"hi ho hi ho, its off to work i go !!!   surprise )"
woo hoo !! i am outta here   time to go and play with the family !!
here we go again      surprise )
we had a great weekend and i put up my harvest display in my front yard !!!!
almost done with the work week !!! woo hoo   surprise )
just waitin to see if the school calls to go get turk !!  he wasn't feelin to good this mornin   but he wants to go to kansas city so bad to see zepplin he just had to try to go to school !! what a trooper  surprise )
fixin to get the little ones and my work week is almost done  just a couple more hours tomorrow   surprise )
"okay, ready for the weekend   surprise )  gotta get stuff together for the father son trip the boys are taking !!"
"the boys just left, so <propfirst> and i are going to piddle around the house and maybe do something special later   surprise )"
"well, we left the house, went shopping ( yes i said shopping, and no    there wasnt a gun to my head)  we are going to meet up with my oldest child for dinner  surprise )"
hi ho hi ho its back to work i go    dropped of the kids a their schools hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho !!!!
"the sun is shining, it a cool 58 outside, turk gets out of school early today so i am outta here at 12 smile 0 !!!  surprise )"
"it's cool, rainy and a just a dreay day    hehehe    i really  miss oregon on days like this  surprise ("
we have company coming and so cleaning is the name of the game today    just taking a break to tend to my farm   surprise )
"what a wonderful fall day, it is a cool crisp 52 outside !   surprise )  now we just need the leaves to turn more colors"
"it's 51 degrees, it's raining     and this is the type of day you light a small fire in the fireplace and cuddle up on the couch with a good book  ;o)"
"sitting here at work, while <propmale> is home with a unbelieveable headache     praying he gets to feeling better "
"i am going to get the kids, go home and baby my husband    praying he doesnt have the flu    any flu    sad when your praying for it to just be a migraine     "
"<propmale> is feeling better  surprise )  i am home today, and cleaning out closets and getting out winter clothes"
"the kids closets and clothes are all done, had a great sunday and now it's back to work !!  both kids have a field trip today  surprise )"
"keep the <propmale> family in prayer, our friend <propfemale> went home to be with the lord yesterday at 3:40pm   keep her husband, <propfirst> and two daughters , <propfemale> and <propfemale> in prayer "
"thanks y'all for the great birthday wishes !! had a fabulous day, the husband and kids pulled out all the stops and now i can't wait till next year   surprise )"
"ready for the weekend, helping a friend get ready for her wedding"
"busy busy busy week, so many things going on   just 8 more days till we leave for tennessee !!   surprise )"
"one day down, 7 more to go !!   surprise )"
2 days till the wedding and only 6 more days till we go to tennessee !!  smile 
"the weddings are tomorrow, the bonfire is saturday     and just 5 mores days till we are bound for tennessee !!!"
"the weddings went great, the bonfire was fun and we leave for tennessee tomorrow !!! woo hoo !!!"
"on our way to tennessee, made it ti kentucky !!  almost there !! woo hoo !!!"
we had an amazing time in tennessee !!
"back to the hum drum of \normal\"" life   hahahaha  well normal for us anyway   surprise )"""
"looking forward to the thingy have to go to tonight !!  \have to\"" cause <propfirst> said so !! hahahaha"""
"church was fantastic yesterday, and got me ready for the week ahead !!!   surprise )"
woo hoo !! my silly in-laws surprised us and came in last night !!!!  yeah !!!  so now i am playing in town with my mother in law and we went to bath & body works !!
"ready for a busy week, and glad <propmale>'s folks are here to help !!  surprise )"
"i am so looking forward to thanksgiving !!  we are having turkey (not ehren lol) ham, sweet taters, mashed taters, green beans, gravy, hot rolls, cow slobber, pumkin pie and apple pie !!!   see why i can't wait !!   surprise )"
woo hoo !!  tomorrow is the day for the feast !!!  i hope everone has a fantastic thanksgiving day !!!
"ready for a day of great food, family and just thanking the lord for all he has blessed our family with   i hope y'all have as wonderful a day as we do ;o)"
ready to enjoy the weekend !!   surprise )
"had a wonderful thanksgiving, and a terrific weekend !!!  even got my christmas lights up outside   surprise )"
back to the routine of school and work !!  already counting down the days till christmas  surprise )
oy !!  ready for the weekend   surprise )  do me a favor when y'all say your prayers before bed    pray for my sister in law - they had to start dialysis yesterday and she is still 6 months away from getting on the transplant list   thanks ;o)
"back to the grind of the week, counting down the days till christmas !!  18 more to go !!  ;o)"
"okay, only 16 days !!!!  woo hoo !!! kids are outta school in 10 days   surprise )"
"this is my favorite time of year, it is a breezy 22 out side with wind chill factor of 7 !!  hehehehehehehe  kids have 9 more days of school   surprise )"
i am ready for the weekend  !!!  it even warmed up to 27 degrees outside     heat wave   surprise )   kids have 6 more days of school
back to work !!  the little ones are outta school in 5 days !!!
woo hoo !! just a few more days till christmas break !!!   i don't know who's more excited  turk or <propfirst>   surprise )
jojo bean's last day of school is today !! she is so excited about her christmas party !!  turk is ready for his tomorrow   smile 
"turk's last day of school today, and it sounded like it was going to be a party all day !!  jojo had a great party and now is ready to go to mrs  <propfirst>' house    surprise )"
we are offically on christmas break !!!  yeah !!  i even got all the christmas presents mailed on time this year     woohoo !!    get ready <propfirst>   they are yours in just 3 days !!!  ;o)
"getting ready for church, my poor husband has such a bad headache     figures it is time to preach  ;o)"
"praise the lord , <propmale> is feeling a bit better   thanks everyone for praying for him   today the kids off to mrs  <propfirst>' house and they were bouncing off the walls with excitement at 6:45 this morning !!"
"well, i killed my computer at work yesterday    praise the lord we head to texas tomorrow      surprise )"
today is the day !!  weather permitting we leave for texas today     yeah !!
"woo hoo !! we made it to texas !! would you believe it is snowing here  not just the little stuff either, the big snow flakes snowing !!!  insane   surprise )"
"this is just wrong    the wind is 40 mph, there is an inch of snow on the ground and we are in texas !!!!  this is what we were suppose to get back home,  totally insane"
<propfemale> christmas to everyone !!!
"well, i should get my computer back today      surprise )"
church last night was such a blessing    since we didn't have church last sunday the fellowship seemed even sweeter 
happy new year y'all
turk is bringin in the new year with a fever of 102        praise the lord for advil and cool wet towels  ( a little topical prometiazine is nice too )
my daddy's chicken noodle soup is comfort food in it's truest form        and it works miracles on sick little ones !!
the colts & titans        good game so far       praise the lord turk is feeling better   smile 
"yeah, the kids are back in school   i got my computer back at work   and the roads aren't that bad   even if it is only 14 outside, it is beautiful !!"
suppose to get couple more inches of snow and be really cold tonight and tomorrow   any bets on school closings tomorrow   lol
school is out and it is -8 outside !!  can't even go out and play in the beauty around us   sad 
"so i am driving the truck this morning, flipping through radio stations cause there is no cd player    i heard the most hilarious song ever     mr  mom   it was great !!  lol"
"okay    so i get home from work yesterday   <propmale> has my laundry room tore up, our water heater leaked   it went under the wall , soaked <propfirst>'s carpet, buckled the flooring in the hallway and even went into turks room !!  oy !!"
"okay, so we have the carpet pulled up in <propfirst>'s room and we are drying it and the padding out   the laudry is mostly put back together    but the silver lining to this cloud has to be     the driveway up the hill to the church is clear enough that we can have church tomorrow !!!!  yeah !!!"
it was so wonderful to have church today !!  bro <propfirst> and <propmale> were in top form today   praise the lord for fellowship   surprise )
"okay, so not only did my dearest friend take me for a medical test, she waited, she didn't make alot of fun of me while i was under the influence of drugs, took me to get a big <propmale>, fries and coke afterward (since i hadn't eated in over 24 hours) then she made my family dinner     she is the greatest    thanks <propfirst>   surprise )"
"today is my friday !!!  yeah    my christmas decorations are unfrozen so i can take them down,  i probably ought to take down my harvest display too !!!  hehehehe"
"yeah, didn't get those lights down or the harvest display put away either   hehehe  lazy weekend     no school for turk tomorrow so he can help do it   surprise )"
"today is the day, taking down christmas lights and stuff !!  got a really good report back from one doctor and just have to get one more test result back !!!  even though i will have to take meds    i am a very heathy woman !!  thank you to everyone who was praying for me   surprise )   it worked !!!"
"yeah !! i got all my decorations taken down, cleaned and packed away for next year !!  the kids got to ride their bikes for 2 hours yesterday    what a great day it was !!!"
oy !! our house phone has been dead since friday    it came back on for a bit yesterday   but it is gone again     sometimes att really stinks !  ;o)
yea !!  woo hoo !!  they fixed our phone line !!    surprise )
"oh boy, here comes more bad weather !!  got the propane tanks filled, extra gas for the generator, pantry is stocked    okay we're ready     surprise )"
"the weather kinda skipped over us, so we didn't get that much ice & snow   having fun with the hubby home from work and both kids off of school    smile "
it really stinks when the beautiful snow keeps us from having church !!
"<propmale> is feeling better, the kids are back at school and i am at work     is this normal ???   i forget      hehehehehe"
if  'duh'  were an appropriate professional response to a stupid question     i would have used it numerous times today !!!
praise the lord it is wednesday and we have church tonight !!  i need the fellowship   surprise )
today is my friday !! woo hoo !!
turk's school won the reading competition against carterville elementary !!!  next friday they have to wear carthage tiger colors and the principal of turk's school is going over to take a picture    surprise )
monday is over with and praise the lord it wasn't to bad   we didn't get the 6-10 inches of snow either !!    surprise )
today is my friday !!  gotta get ready for <propmale>'s folks coming in and the preacher coming on saturday 
had a fantastic anniversary yesterday !!!  wow  15 years !!!   surprise )
oy !!  meeting time    surprise )
cooking dinner for 16 tonight    with help from the other ladies     and then off to church !!   love special meetings   surprise )
"some days you just wanna crawl back in bed, because you know if you could just start over and hour later    it would be okay   surprise )   praise the lord for church tonight"
i am heading home now   think i will crawl into bed till time to pick up the kids    the meeting was wonderful     now i am tired and getting sick  oy !!
"my weekend has begun    laundry, tidying up the house and frequent naps !!  i really dislike being sick    keeps me from doing stuff    sad "
"starting to feel better,  my dear husband has been so sweet and taken care of stuff for two days !!    smile "
stayin home takin care of two sick ones   poor hubby came home early with an extremely bad headache and tummy issues   then <propfirst> is achy and stuffy and had a really rough day at school   light dinners     medicine    baths    and then bed and prayers they feel better tomorrow !!
sitting here at work    listening to the new celtic thunder cd on my computer while i am working     then the new celtic woman kicks on     ;o)
my poor babies are startin to feel better    just waiting for the fevers to stop coming back    
my little ones are still sick   at least the fevers aren't so high !!  no school for them tomorrow and no work for me
the little ones are back at school and i am back to work    oy    this is as normal as it gets    surprise )
yea !! the weekend is here     the weekend is here       smile 
come one   come all to ehren's musical program at his school on thursday evening at 6 smile 0 pm  !!!
two more days till ehren's 'fish of the ocean' music program     he is so excited    bet i can sing all the songs along with the kids   surprise )
today is the day    turk woke up singing his shark song !!!   invitation is still open if anyone can make it       program starts at 6 smile 0 pm    surprise )
"turk did such a great job last night   best blue shark i have ever seen !!  thanks <propfemale>, <propfirst>, cherokee & <propmale> for coming  !!!"
my baby turned 20 today    oy  i am starting to get that 'old' feeling      surprise )
happy saint <propfirst>'s day to all !!!    we had a fantastic vacation !!  the kids are still on vacation cause they get to <propfemale> out with their mrs  <propfirst> !!!   surprise )
"hi ho   hi ho    of to work i go   surprise )   the little ones are still on vacation   their big sister is hanging out with them today !!!  between the trip, mrs  <propfirst> & gang, and their big sister and then tonight the boys might put up the tent in the backyard and go 'camping'  !!  that's okay   <propfirst> and i will sleep in my big plush bed, eat bon-bon's and watch looney tunes   surprise )    lol"
it is the first day of spring and there is at least 4 inches of snow on the ground and there is more on the way !!   that is just wrong   smile 
if y'all <propfemale> tto see pics of the snow   they are at the end of the spring break album     enjoy       it is so wrong to have this much snow at this time of year
"it was such a beautiful drive to work this morning    i am gonna miss the snow, but; i am looking forward to the blooming flowers and trees   smile "
wow   you know sometimes work     is well  work !!!
"the weekend is here !!!!  after the snow last weekend, even opening up the house and doing spring cleaning is fun    what a beautiful day today !!!"
taking a  break from cleaning    <propfirst> and i are watching her all time favorite      yep   'phantom of the opera'      again   surprise )
what a beautiful day  !!!
hey everyone    just finished creating a facebook <propfemale> for the churhc    send friend suggestions or just message them to check it out !!!
"what a monday !!!  <propmale> had a rough one too !!  oy   when i got home   i got on the treadmill, turned on the dvd and went for a walk in ireland !!!  then the hubby took us all out for dinner     what a sweetheart   surprise )"
woo hoo !!!   it's wednesday   church tonight !!!
the velder's get here tomorrow and then a day of preaching and fellowship on sunday    i am soooooooo ready !!!
yea !!  the velder's got here earlier   and everythng is set for in the meeting  !!!
what a great time yesterday !!  great preaching   great food   great fellowship    wow !!
wednesday wednesday !!!!  yeah !!!   cannot wait for church !!!
today is my friday    today is my friday !!!  yipee !!!
getting ready for <propfirst>'s birthday party tonight !!  praise the lord my in-laws are here  ;o)   then tomorrow she is having pizza and cupcakes at school  !!!
<propfirst> turns 5 today !!!  she had an amazing little party last night and today she is having pizza & cupcakes at school !!!  ;o)
yippee   almost the weekend !!
work work work   and it doesn't help that two walls of my office are windows and it is a beautiful day out !!!   i wanna go play !!  hehehehe
"enjoying the day off    just me a <propfirst>     had lunch with <propmale>   now we are doing laundry, cleaning and then popcorn and tinkerbell !!!    smile "
okay it is 50 degrees out   and wet    it's it just a lovely spring day ???   lol
whew !!!   all 37 tornados missed us yesterday      but keep those in prayer who weren't as fortunate    
busy busy busy weekend    we have a missionary this weekend and <propfirst>'s school bbq on saturday night     woo hoo !!!
what a hectic crazy busy week (for me and <propmale>)      praise the lord for the girls & boys academy's meeting   i need the extra preaching and fellowship !!   lol
what a great weekend !!!!   fantastic meeting     wonderful weekend and ready for my new summer hours to begin !!!
"we took the little ones to springfield to play yesterday, and had a blast   then i started a new book ( the hunger games ) and finish at 3 am !  <propfirst> and cherokee's fault !"
the little ones are so excited    cannot wait for grandpa & grandma    <propfirst> told turk that she gets grandma and he can play with grandpa      hehehehe
enjoying a visit with the folks    
relaxing weekend    gearing up for a busy summer    poor <propmale> is booked almost every weekend    
busy busy busy  week    turk turns 8 this sunday !!!   happy father's day too !!!
the air went out at the office during the weekend     oy !! it is hot !!!  the cannot get the part to fix it till tomorrow !!  still    <propmale> has it worse    poor thing    he is in a big metal building    <propfemale> !!
they fixed the air at work    but now it is home home home    and we have company this weekend !!  yeah !!
i am wondering how my dearest <propfirst> is doing at camp   hehehehe     day off tomorrow and looking forward to a little down time with the little ones      oh   and <propmale> came and knocked down the tree by the house    yeah !!!
"hi ho, hi ho   it's off to work i go     smile "
ready for a fantastic 4th of july weekend !!
enjoying a very relaxing weekend     if anyone sent me a friend request over the last couple of weeks   send another one   my computer had an attitude and deleted them all
off to a stupid meeting    but then lunch with <propfemale>    the little ones got up at 6:45 the were to excited since sis is babysitting today   smile 
while the boys are away    the girls will play !!  hehehe
i miss my boys     so glad they are coming home tonight   surprise )
great day at church     but missing my turkeyman
looking forward to my turkeyman coming home this weekend    added bonus     my nieces are coming too !!   oh and all the in-laws     a house full and i am ready !!
my turkey man comes home tomorrow !!!!
my turkeyman is home !!!   he brought a few cousins with him and a set of grandparents     now just waiting on <propfirst> & <propfirst> to get here !!!
okay    murphy's law is permantly attached to my sister in law !!!  they should finally be getting in around 11'ish today    after <propfirst> and <propfemale> went to oklahoma city and got them !!  oy !!   surprise )
they are here !! finally    18 hours of driving   broke their car in oklahoma city    had to have the folks come and get them    but    they are here !!!   lol
already missin the little ones      glad they get a little extra time with their cousins   then they get to play with their other cousins in a couple of weeks !
busy busy busy at work      missing my little ones     but looking forward to the weekend before they come home    
"the kids and i made it home around 7'ish,  and <propfirst> & <propfemale> just made it home safely        praise the lord for travel mercies"
the boys are gone again         time for the girls to play    surprise )
"let us see     made a batch of peach & mango jelly, mowed the yard, and did 4 loads of laundry   i am tired now and i think <propfirst> and i are going to watch phantom of the opera and make some popcorn   smile "
my boys come home tonight !
my boys are home !   the sun is shining and it looks to be a beautiful day for church !
hi ho hi ho    off to work i go !!!    just a few more days and more nieces for me to play with !!
"i am done with tomatos !  i made salsa and more stewed tomatos than i can use   praise the lord mom & <propfemale> will be here in a few days, i am sure i can 'share' a can or two or three with them   hehe"
"well, <propmale> is on his way to camp   <propfemale>, mom & the girls shoudl be here about 5 ish       busy but fun week ahead for all of us    surprise )"
"great day at church, my nieces had a blast  !!  <propmale>, bro  <propfirst> and the kids get to camp tomorrow   they have had a great time so far      surprise )"
keep a dear friend and her family in prayer for me please    dilbert & <propfemale> <propfirst> (our pastor in tn) lost a beloved nephew on sunday evening   he was only 13       he was rushed to the hospital due to a blood sugar issue is all the info i have right now  he was saved and loved passing out bibles and street preaching    keep the <propfirst>'s in prayer please     
"well my mom & sister got off at 2:45am this morning,  ehren was not happy they took his cousins with him      hehehe"
ehren <propfirst> got saved tonight !
it is friday !!!   it is friday !!   yippee !!!
remembering 9-11 with a prayer       and why we can never forget !
oi !!   monday     enough said !!
raindrops keep falling on my head        i love the rain !  it is going to be a nice day   laugh 
i started teaching the 'pee wee' patch the pirate with the 4-7 year olds at church tonight        it was great !
okay    <propfemale> & <propmale> are at the hospital     so it begins     updates as i get them   keep her and kailyn in your prayers
kailyn <propfemale> made her apperance at 4 surprise 8 this morning at 7 lbs and 14 oz   she is gorgeous !
fixing to take the little ones to see their new niece    they are so excited and actually thought they were going to get out of school this morning   laugh 
enjoy the pics of my darling gariníon (granddaughter)
took turk to the dr  this morning    oi  !!  he has a lovely ear infection   the dr said he could go back to school but recommended he take the day off and rest    so he is hanging out with me at the office   surprise )
"turk is feeling better, and off to school   i am so ready for this weekend   we are going up to independence for a church meeting and fellowship with dear friends      laugh "
"turk cannot wait to see his \bestest\"" friend zepplin tonight  !!!"""
"great preaching, tasty vittles, fellowship till 1 smile 0am, and the kids had some serious play time  = fantastic time in kc  !!"
yea  titan's !!   woo hoo !  29 to 10 @ giants home field
monday monday   annoyed      completely ready for next weekend  smile )
two days off and  there still may not be enough time to get everything done        but i am sure going to give it a try         laugh 
woke up with a stuffy nose       that figures !   the meeting starts tomorrow   annoyed 
yeah !  the meeting starts today !!
"wow !  what a great meeting !\poor <propmale>, he is so sick   gave him meds, a dose of oj and hopefully after a good night sleep he will feel a bit better      "
what a fantastic meeting !!!  now time for recovery and getting <propmale> back in good health 
the boss is back !!!   which means i get to leave early today !!  yippee !!!
why does the beautiful weather always mean allergy flare ups !    troubled 
"great day at church yesterday, the titan's won and the kids do not have school        that is a great start for the week !"
hi ho      hi ho    it's off to work i go !!!
yippee for friday     going to the <propfemale> leaf parade in the morning with the family    then playing with the kiddies from church at the house of bounce in the afternoon   smile )
"wow !  what a fantastic day !\totally wiped out and off to bed   laugh "
what a beautiful crisp clean cool  mornin !
ready for two days off        lots to do   but still ready  !!!
thank y'all !!   i may be old    but    i make old look good     smile )
"thank you everyone, i had a great birthday !"
it may be monday but it is too beautiful outside to not enjoy this gorgeous day !!   laugh 
oh what a beautiful morning     oh what a beautiful day        i got a wonderful feeling     everything's going my way !   hehe
okay so <propfirst>'s tummy does not like mexican food !  ( i hope that is all it is )   praise the lord her tummy is still little         annoyed 
my poor <propfirst> bear !  she has the nasty tummy bug that is going around   sad 
"<propfirst> is feeling better    laugh   thanks for the prayers, as always      they worked !"
"worked out in the yard with the kids all afternoon, the kids cannot wait to see how surprised daddy will be when he gets home   laugh "
"we surprised daddy, and he surprised us !"
a fantastic day a church !  we are truly blessed with a great church family    laugh 
"<propfirst> is sleeping in the back office, turk is happily at school, and i am here at work with a 32 oz coke and the boss brought chocolate frosted donuts !!  it could be a lot worse   surprise )"
do not forget to vote today !
i just voted !!  have you ??
ready for church    laugh 
what a beautiful day !!  i cannot wait to get home and play with the little ones outside after their homework is done   smile 
100 %  ready to play with the family this weekend   laugh 
what a beautiful fall day !
"the driving range changed to winter hours        oh well, guess we will have to hit a bucket or two on saturday !"
yipee !!!  it is the weekend    we are taking the kids to the driving range tomorrow   weather permitting !!  yea !!!
"spent the day out and about with the family, even went shopping at the mall !  then went to the driving range and batting cages !  lol"
the perfect start to a new week        going to church with your family   smile 
"work, work, work this week        play, play, play next week !"
oy    praise the lord for church tonight  !!!  cannot wait to get to my pee wee patch class   smile 
yipee !  time to play !!
"church was great this morning and it is nice to be visiting with my older sis !!  lol\while my oldest daughter enjoys my house   smile )"
"daddy & <propmale> are golfing, mom is playing aggravation with the kids and i am playing here   smile )"
"just want everyone to know, i have the coolest sister in the world!!!!  she is totally awesome!!"
happy thanksgiving to all !!!   we had a great time in florida and begin our journey home tomorrow     
sitting at krispy kreme in pensacola eating a fresh toasty warm glazed donut !!   we showed the kids where daddy used to fish with sister in tow   smile 
"what a fantastic thanksgiving !  we were able to see my entire family !  <propmale> and daddy went golfing, i was able to spend some quality time with my mom, my sister opened her house and cooked for all of us, and i played the wii with my brother and his wife, not to mention playing with my nieces !  now after 2500 <propmale>, it will be good to be home   laugh "
"the best way to end a great vacation, is being back home and going to our church !"
"was i really gone for just a week    this stack of work, pile of phone messages, and filing waiting for me     makes it seem like i was gone longer   annoyed "
"ever had one of those days, where you feel like you rode the short bus   then forgot to get off  ????? lol"
"aaaahhhh    the weekend !!! we put the tree up last night, the rest of the decorations go up this weekend    "
"grilled steak, mashed tatos, green beans, fresh steamed asparagus, cheese & butter noodles       after that lunch and a chiefs victory, nap time   smile "
i hope everyone remembers to take just a moment today to remember those who fell at <propfemale> harbor in 1941   and for those who continue to protect us here at home and abroad   
"whoo hoo, i have the next two days off work, i am going to try and redecorate the nursery at church during those two days        i think i can, i think i can         smile "
yeah !! it is friday !!! we are off to go hear some good music tonight and then up to kansas city tomorrow !!  ehren cannot wait to see his <propmale> zepplin and of course <propfirst> cannot either       smile )))
"we are kansas city, and we got here just in time for the snow storm  lite snow, but winds of 20mph and wind chills of -10 !!   bbbrrrrr"
we had a great time at the meeting !  <propfirst> has a new friend to visit  now too !  we left an hour ago and turk says he cannot wait to see zepplin again and  <propfirst> cannot wait too see <propfirst> !
hehehe   just got done talking to the oldest child    hahah  yeah    that apple did not fall far from the tree !!!  lol
"i think, the lord lets you get sick, to remind you to have compassion when others are sick \i'll remember      \i will remember !!\dear lord, may i get better now ??      annoyed "
funny        i do not remember volunteering my tummy for someone's punching bag       stupid stomach flu
"praise the lord, i am feeling better today   i may even try moving up from crackers to toast         laugh "
feeling better and actually looking forward to finishing up our christmas shopping tonight       smile ))    and who knows    i may even try the whole eating thing    laugh 
monday says \ ready or not, here i come !  (evil sinister laugh )\899cefc117188cc82ed9d8cd3f181c0f,"i love winter, i love snow and stuff  smile \i do not like the sickness that comes with the cold   sad "
work is really interferring with my holiday preparations !!   smile )))
"i miss tennessee, where a dozen cars was a traffic jam !"
last day of work and then time to really enjoy the christmas holiday  !!!
<propfemale> christmas !
oy !  is it monday already ?
"we had a great christmas, and my family all got home safe !!  now getting ready for an new year   smile ))"
today we are putting away the christmas decorations and cleaning the house  i fully intend to break the child labor laws too !    smile 
"the little ones & i are going to town this morning to run errands, then havin lunch with the hubby and finally hangin out at home this afternoon     smile "
where is my snow    it is dec 31 and it is 64 degrees outside ????  i want my snow !!!!    that is just messed up when you have a tornado on the ground just 25 <propmale> from us     in december !!!
"turk is feelin much better, thank y'all for your prayers   now it is back to school for the little ones, and work for the me & the hubby         laugh "
yippee !!  i am almost outta here and i have the next two days off !!!!    smile )))
"relaxin on the couch, watching the cotton bowl        what a great game !!"
"ok, so the first half was good   texas seems to have left their game brain in the locker room    "
"what a great day at church, as always        it is the best way to start the week   laugh "
"it snowed !!  i love it, it is beautiful outside   laugh "
yeah !  no school tomorrow which means i do not work        the little ones want to build a snowman !!
"wow !  it is 3 degrees outside right now, with a wind chill of -8  !!   the little ones and i are playin indoors today   wink "
"there will not be any services tonight, you cannot get up the driveway     i will try and call everyone, but just in case"
the kids are excited that school is back in session tomorrow        no more sleepin in    sad 
"i love saturday's !\sleeping in and playing with the family all day       laugh "
"got the grandbaby sleeping against me, and daddy & mama left to deliver wood        laugh "
quite ready for the winter weather coming in tonight !!   smile )
i know his head is not really e playful loding       dear lord make the excedrin work so he does not feel like it is        please !
i am completely ready to enjoy the weekend and play with the family   smile ))
"just got done watching 'despicable me',  hehe        all i can say is  \what ?\"""""
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this tidbit ;\if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, the knife did it not oj and the spoon made oprah fat !\remember        hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize "
lovin' my day off   laugh 
"ok, so the kickboxing class is probably not for me,  lol  next week i am trying the aquasize class, i am looking forward to that one      it is in the pool !!   smile "
work work work        just a few more hours and then two more days off    again !!  cannot wait to take the kids to the circus tomorrow    smile ))
"spent the evening on the trampoline        literaly !  spread out sleeping bags, watched a movie with popcorn and drinks,  that was fun !!"
yea !  more snow on the way tomorrow   smile )
the winter weather is due to make a personal appearance this afternoon and stick around for a day or two !!  yea !!  let's hear it for a foot of snow    smile ))
"wow, now they are saying a 1 2 of ice then up to a foot of snow !!  yea !!  i am so ready   smile ))))"
the snow is here  !!   smile 
"well <propmale> made it to work, it was so nice having him home the last two days        it is -11 outside   surprise "
"so that is what the sun looks like        wow, it may get up to 34 today !!"
"there is no way to get up the hill tomorrow for church\  sad ("
that was a really good superbowl game !!
"grateful for another day home with the little ones   they already have a routine, crawl in bed with me and sleep till 8 smile 0, eat breakfast, get dressed, do chores and then schoolwork    laugh "
snuggled in bed with a little one on each side         smile )
blessed with another day home with the little ones   laugh    i do have to work on friday and i told <propfemale> i may be droppin her siblings off with food   lol
"looks like no church again tonight, but ; lord willing, we can clean this up friday & saturday for church on sunday   smile )"
turk has his first basketball game today        pics will follow later   smile )
turk's team won their first basketball game today        20 - 14 !!    laugh 
"it was so great to go to church this mornin !!  as much as i love the snow, i really missed church"
goin to miss stayin home with the little ones tomorrow      
oh what a beautiful mornin        lol
i am missing the snow days with the little ones      
"if you go online to book package deals in branson    do not use the website  'bransonshows com\  their customer service is awful !!!  you would be better off booking the deals yourself !!!  spread the word     """
"if <propmale> was not doing 'donuts with dad' in the morning at the kids school, i would be asking him if we could leave for our little trip tonight !!!  oy !! it is just one of those days         annoyed "
"'donuts with dad' was a total hit !  my kids can really move in the mornin      lol\i have the house cleaned and now i am washing the <propfirst>, them grocery shopping for <propfemale> & the little ones   smile )"
gettin ready to go to work        y'all sure there is no snow in the forcast ?   smile )
ready for a day off tomorrow   smile ))))))
gettin my hair colored        wondering if it really is going to be that warm brown we pickf out        ( a prayer or two is most welcome       please )
"it will tone down,  it will tone down !!"
"well ok, now i am a deep warm dark auburn        goodness   lol"
okay   this color is definatly going to take some geting used to !!  lol
have to say    getting my new celtic thunder  dvd & cd yesterday did help with the whole hair ordeal !!
the little ones were completely surprised to find poppa & pino at <propmale> evans tonight  !!  it was great
"being lazy, <propmale> is at work, <propfirst> & turk went to get coffee, <propfirst> went upstairs to snuggle with pino   i have a cup of coffee and listen to  'buachaill on eirne' in <propfemale>    laugh "
oy !! monday      enough said   smile )
"to my dear friends  annoyed when you are upset, i will jump the person who upset you like a spider monkey jacked up on mountain dew       smile )))"
"another little tid bit for me friends  annoyed when you smile    i will know that you are plotting something that i must be involved in !!"
looking forward to some time off and hoping it is as beautiful tomorrow as it is today   
ggggrrrr        i know why companies keep you on hold for so long       they want you to give up and just pay whatever <propmale> they send        thank you lord for the <propfemale> you have taught me over the years !!   smile )
"i know why i am chubby, the shampoo that runs down my body is for 'extra volume & body'   going to start using <propfemale> dish soap, it  'dissolves fat that is  difficult to remove'   lol\reposted from a friend, you know it is cute   smile )"
thinkin of spendin some quality time outside gettin my garden prepared for spring      
"when you have kids, it amazing how your entire days plans can change before they even open their eyes "
"salary of house senate   $174,000 \salary of speaker of house   $223,500 \salary of majority minority leaders   $193,400 \average us salary   $33,000 to $77,000 \maybe our elected officials should make an average salary too   it's a time of sacrifice after all   pass along, post on your own <propfemale> if you agree "
surprised is an understatement !  our good friends from minnesota showed up at our house today !!
"i am making a black <propmale> 3 layer cake ( with fresh strawberries instead of cherries )  as a suprise for our friends, who suprised us from minnesota    laugh "
"what a \awesome\"" weekend !!   lol"""
rainy days are beautiful days too !!
spending my day off cleaning and listening to my <propfemale> lads    laugh 
turk's team won their basketball game last night 25 - 12   they have one more game on saturday 
"turk's team won their last game, 27 - 17  !!  and he did great at his first karate sparing this mornin   laugh "
"snuggled up to the hubby, going to sleep to the sound of rain and thunder        good ending to a great sunday !"
yea  yea !!  i passed my exam !!!!  got a 96%  !!!!  woo hoo !!
lá náomh pádraig <propfemale> !!
"there is a d d  (attention deficit disorder), a d h d  (attention deficit and hyper-activity disorder)   and then there is  a d o s  (attention deficit     ooohhhh shiny)"
"the boys had a great time camping last night, turk woke up <propmale> at 2am and asked it if was time to fish yet     lol  they are both out and it is only 8 smile 0 ish    "
"we had <propmale> church outside this morning     that was so much fun, the kids were acting out how <propmale> & his armorbearer killed the phillistines and send the whole army runnin !!!   they could not make the ground shake like the phillistines did    smile ))))))"
i made it past 9 smile 0     wow !!  okay off to bed and sweet dreams   smile ))
"lazy evening   day off tomorrow: little school work with the kids, dr  appt and then who knows     maybe a wee bit of swimming at the y    "
"i spent the morning in a flood training class, put on by fema    i now feel fully trained to handle baby kailyn and her drool    lol   smile ))  this baby has got to be teething again"
"got the hubby off to work, the little ones are still in bed           zzzzz   hehe me too !"
what a great day !  oy          back to work tomorrow   annoyed 
rain + thunder = a wonderfully relaxing day   smile )))
"optimism is frowned upon and pessimism is accepted, how screwed up is that ?!"
"seriously       i mean come on really        monday, again ??"
"5 deadly terms used by a woman  annoyed (1) fine - this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are right & you need to shut up \(2) nothing - means something & u need to be worried \(3) go ahead - this is a dare not permission, do not do it  \(4) whatever - is a woman's way of saying forget you  \(5) that's ok - she is thinking long & hard on how & when you will pay for your mistake "
ready for a couple of days off     tomorrow is turk's big day   smile ))  testing for his next belt at karate   smile ))
loving the day off and doing chores at home   smile )))))
"had a great day at work, but i am looking forward to the weekend   smile )))  hoping to at least glimpse my granddaughter  ** hint hint daughter **   laugh "
ready for church !
'tangled' is the best animation disney has  put out in years !
