dabfd9fe842898063ceeff23a1ff7d1f
so tired 
really needs more free time during the week 
in case anyone is wondering   today is not my birthday  smile 
loves this year's show  laugh 
really hates being sick  sad 
had an amazing time at reginals and can't wait for new mexico!!
"tso was basicly the most amazing thing i have ever seen, and now off to bed  getting home at midnight was the only bad part  smile "
"ugh i think i did bad on my audition, i messed up in places i have never messed up in before and i didn't have my good mouthpeice  sad  aw well at least it's over   "
everyone wish @<propfemale> a happy birthday!!!
"has been practicing 1-3 hours a night for the past week or so and i think it is showing, weird how that works   "
"finaly got to florida, after a very very boring 4 hour delay in <propmale>     "
soooooooo excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"even though i was incorrectly placed in the ensembles, this past week was well worth it and i learned a ton, it feels like i just plowed through that wall that was holding me back from getting any better "
my feet hurt     a lot      but today was still awesome!
grand champs at dcmi!!! and now grand champs at pomona!!! i love our show this year 
i am going to be really sad tomorrow after finals    and even though i didn't say it in my speech     i am going to miss everyone when it's over  sad 
i couldn't ask for a better ending to such an amazing three seasons of band     what an amazing show put together by some amazing people!!!! i can not describe how i felt walking off that field with my closest friends last night    thank you everyone and i will truly miss this so much    p s  (state champs!!!!  laugh )
clarinet is actually not that hard        
just got a new phone and lost all my contacts so please txt me your number and who your are  smile  thanks  719-244-8716
please stop flooding my news feed with your superbowl feelings  please?
"i am planning a trip to d c  this summer  if anyone's interested in going, talk to me  it'll be fun!  smile "
ok  i am now officially against having only 3 people on night shift  not fun    
