f4436c47dd6da6339e5ed9ae578007c0
"it's nice to be able to use big words and not be met with blank stares of ignorance   goodbye highschool, and good riddance!!"
   surrounded by ignorance   
"why is it that every time things look like they're working out, something goes  wrong?"
the only dependable thing about the future is uncertainty 
i cannot wait to go to college and have my own house 
"the pen is sharper than the sword, but a quick wit and sharpened words conquer all "
not in the best of moods today and my work supervisor is getting on my last god given nerve  will today ever end?
"can't believe i'm actually saying this, but i'm ready for school "
wow! just went through my friends list  turns out i didn't know half of them 
i think i subconsciously like the letters m and y   hmm   
is it august  yet? someone make it be august!
why is it that when good thoughts and dreams come along we wake up to bland reality and the dull monotony me everyday life?
why is it that when good thoughts and dreams come along we wake up to bland reality and the dull monotony of everyday life?
power outage in the middle of an online test                                        > sad 
one day the letter x will dethrone the vowels and rule the alphabet! that is a fact 
"sitting in a dark room, listening to music, trying to think of something to write in my book   this is true relaxation "
ready for school to be the only thing on my plate 
"it's official, i suck at falling asleep!"
ready for school to get here  hope the next three weeks fly by 
it's official! as of july 31 i will on longer be in the employ of braums!
two and a half years of employment and the thirty-first marks the grand finale!
"enrolled in school today, and i am ready for august to hurry and get here   the suspense is killing me!!"
"three and a half hours of sleep, working with the world's oldest pessimist, and the myriad number of physical injuries sustained at work, coupled with having to take a final that counts for sixty percent of my grade is making my day simply -wondrous-!"
"i'm in a better mood today by far, but i seem to be sick now sad  oh well, better sick and happy than grumpy at work i guess"
"two weeks from now i will have fallen to the rank of the unemployed, and risen to the rank of scholar   hmmm   "
turns out i'm not quitting   sad  but i'm only working one day a week on the weekend for has money   smile 
nothing better than finding a good song on your mp3player you didn't know you had until this morning
enjoying my day and a half off
"well, looks like i'm quitting braum's after all   turns out i don't get to do the job i was told i could, so in leu of going back to dipping ice cream and flipping burgers i will just work with family throughout school   plus i've been in a good mood for the past two weeks and everyone at work seemed to dislike it sooo        "
"this is it, getting ready for my last day working at braum's and man it feels good! sorry braum's ppl but i'm out!"
"i am no longer a prisoner, ahem, employee of braum's   it feels weird, but oooooooooohh soooooooooo goooooooood!!!"
"wow, my first day of not having to work and what? i end up dreaming i'm at braum's working   i\m gonna need to get over that really fast!"""
"thank god, no working dreams tonight! maybe that's because i spent seven hours just hangin with friends at braum's yesterdays   "
"yesterday was just a good day, didn't do much, but it was good nontheless  still can't wait for school though "
ready for school to start 
just got back from wichita falls and realized how little altus has to offer in the way of clothing   would it kill anyone to put in a hot topic?
well i just biked nine <propmale> and am ready to incinerate my bike  went garage sale shopping with my meme today and found a totally kickass bag and some really cool books   this was a good day but now it's time to kick back and relax
ready for school to start  gonna go help my mom in duke tomorrow 
"school starts monday! i just found out that two positions opened up in the bookstore, so i may get a job after all   i hope i get it"
got my schedule figured out today and i even get to take a piano class! now instead of physical science i'm taking physics at 7pm    sad  but it's not offered in the spring so there's not much choice    piano!!!  smile 
always thought i would be taken out by some unknown disease or a man-eating plant or something  turns out it may be physics class  hmm   
college is great! except physics  i love all my classes  except physics  piano class starts tomorrow and i've already taught myself a lot of stuff about how to play   i think that is going to be my favorite class this semester  and the rest are pretty easy  except physics 
i have finally figured out who i am
"feeling tired today, wondering what the point of going to school is, and really wishing i could just go somewhere other than deserted southwest oklahoma "
"i feel better today, still don't want to go to school, and i really don't feel like dealing with stupidity today"
i am ready for some employment here!!! let loose the flood of applications!!!
"rue21, here i come!"
apllied at rue21  they said they weren't hiring yet but that around november they would have some openings and that they would keep my application    so now all i need is for someone to set an orphanage on fire when the manager is around so i can save the burning children  i've already talked two people into faking seziures while shopping there while i'm around  i am determined to get this job!
"applied at rue21  they said\they weren't hiring yet but that around november they would have some\openings and that they would keep my application    so now all i need\is for someone to set an orphanage on fire when the manager is around\so i can save the burning children  i've already talked two people into\faking seziures while shopping there while i'm around  i am determined\to get this job!"
just applied at walmart  i hope this one goes better than that other application 
"finished reading another great book by <propmale> riordan, so now i can work on that homework that's been piling up    but seriously, if he doesn't quit writing the first book in a series, then write the first book in another series without finishing the first, i will hunt him down!! !"
this is me trying to think of something positive to say   
physics test tonight? research paper due tomorrow? no problem! i'll start here in a little while   
yes!! everything is done! nothing is due!
"today is the last day of finals!! ! after 7pm tonight and an essay turned in, i will be free!! !"
"had my birthday yesterday, which was great because my family was together, turning in my last final today, ahhh life is goooood!! !"
"ready for school to start again, this is gonna be the fun semester at wosc because i am done with physics, which i got a b in! time for botany and piano!"
i am once again employed!!!!! i never thought i would be so happy to hear myself say that 
i feel rather melancholy today
"i am feeling very well today  school has started, and this is the first day back to work for me, so today is going to be great!"
"more school today, started work yesterday, man! i got used to sitting down when i felt like it!  got a lot done yesterday though, so it was worth it"
"back to school this week, got a monologue to perform this morning, but i finally got i memorized   no work today so maybe i'll get a nap in during geology   monotone teachers who talk about rocks     "
"another great day!  it's warm  and <propfemale> outside, i'm off today, and i have a zoology lab today   microscopes are very interesting now "
going to weatherford to look for apartments   class was great today and i'm going to get a friend to make a painting for my new house for only 25$
   where did all this homework come from?!?
"two hours till work   not ready to go in yet, maybe tuesday   "
"i apparently did very well giving my speech for class today, even though i had just finished at three in the morning, and those dramatic pauses were unintentional, and that i forgot my cue card   i'm thinking there were some pretty low standards"
"i am great today!! !  i'm off work, bout to go take a test in trig, one of my favorite classes, then i'm gonna write a lab report, go to said lab, and go home!! !"
"i think i did well on the test,  there was only one part that i was not confident about   just got my report finished, so bring on the lab!"
