42117d52762ed37f4e1f17f9900eac8d
"just supported 2,524 milliseconds of cancer research! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!"
just saved 10 square feet of the rainforest! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
just bought 82 calories of food for animals in need! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
just bought 6 square inches of blankets! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
"it's 2 smile 0pm    i'm tired, cold, annoyed, and confused   i think that's everyday "
just bought 38 square inches of blankets! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
fighting with the washing machine   it hates my clothes
about to go see shark-bait (mom) and tate 
tired    annoyed
going to gma's    very soon 
dropped my phone on my face while trying to answer it 
neck-roll brown is a mean mutha!!!!
just funded 40 seconds of peacekeeping in troubled regions! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
just supplied 970 cups of clean drinking water! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!
i cannot find my shoe    and i refuse to walk without it 
about to talk tate into going to sleep  i love afternoon naps 
i'm putting on green tights and a hat with a feather  who wants to come to never-never land?
to tate and stephanie:  like morticia all you want    but remember    she's mine!!!!
off to nap    i'm really tired 
"just bought 23,876 grains of rice for the hungry! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!"
i want it to be tomorrow  today is a bust  hmmmm    bust    hmmmm    maybe today wasn't so bad 
"just removed 1,194 ounces of co2 from the atmosphere! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!"
"just saved 1,108 square feet of the rainforest! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!"
today was a success 
"i listened to both versions, and i found--i liked hers the most "
"just bought 1,214 calories of food for animals in need! (http annoyed  apps new facebook com lunchmoney ?ref=st) -- play free games to save the planet!"
having a staring contest with a small pineapple flavored gummi bear    
who knows my favorite color?
tate! scratch my back!
"tate refuses to scratch my back, now   :mumbles: it could cause severe skin infection    blah blah"
utterly    exhausted 
relaxing    why is it so hot?
woooo! it's my b day!
feels terrible this morning    has to go have blood work done 
distance is a safety mechanism for when you just can't take it 
is wondering how long i can hold the fever off  
you could have    but you didn't 
i'm very tired of wasting my time and emotions  this chase    is over 
body    i'ma need you to stop hurting 
this is khrys's sister <propfemale>  please continue praying for her  once again she's not doing too good   sad  please khrys make it through this  
"khrys, i love you so much  you have no idea  &hearts;"
*jumping up and down* ahhhhhh     i forgot my legs don't work 
i want my old life back 
i think i just f***** up 
"had this weird dream where people were getting rid of conway with alligators, and i doing bike tricks "
"man, i'm gonna be on \cane-status\"" soon """
"i'm on cane status, baby!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"woooo    she done brought that blood pressure down   get it, baby "
"i love you, mysti "
"you know, before my life changed    dramatically    i had friends   now, no one seems to be around anymore   that's really nice guys   just walk away when i can't party anymore   lesson learned "
 annoyed narls:  what in nine shades of shit is wrong with you?
happy birthday tate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my girlfriend is hot  i wonder how i managed that 
had my perm cath removed  it had grown into my skin and had to be cut out    i look like i have been shot 
she says very strange things when she is sleeping    on my side of the bed    with her hand on my back    laying on the blanket    being uncooperative
"i'm sore, need a shower    but happy "
added some older poems in my notes    would like a bit of feedback if possible
i hate you so much right now 
looking for some pants to go out in the kitchen    damn pants 
