ac129c631e66a8c7f04337a95d55ad69
enjoyed the start to a new year!
thought june had arrived in illinois     
is thankful that god is on the throne and i'm not     
wished she had money in her pocket to give away to the 3 people who told her they thought she was at least 10 years younger than she really is      
is enjoying a quiet house     except for the pesky mosquito     
is now regretting having let her 3 year old fall asleep at 4pm     it's 10:45pm and she's wide awake     argh!!!!
is tired     
loves when the clouds part and things become clearer     
"loves it when there are no dirty clothes in any hampers and the washing machine is empty and clean clothes have been put away--somehow, it feels like an accomplishment of sorts   "
is thankful to be in colorado springs     
"did not realize what was truly involved when she offered to assist in the cleaning up a sewer damaged basement purge process that was postponed--it is now a e coli, mold spore mess     gross     i feel sick     "
loves how the swimming pool wears out her 4 kids     
returned the off she bought at target thinking she was still in the midwest   love this colorado weather!
see what happens when you are an only child     you get to go fishing with your daddy     
is looking forward to this long weekend     
can't believe it already friday     had sooo much i wanted to accomplish     
is making marinated and grilled portobello mushrooms for tonight's bears vs  packers game     (actually <propfemale>'s making it and i'm standing watch)
loves this weather!!!  is this really the midwest?
is figuring out how to do keynotes and not mess up the ones already made for her   
loved southern hospitality     
"is heading back to the cold, cold weather of the north"
is heading out to breakfast with her hubby and dear little chloe   who came in at 6 smile 0am to snuggle     
needs to get off the couch and do something productive     
finally off the couch     but still not so productive
is wondering where the week went     and still curious about the conversation she had on the plane with the nanny for <propfemale> spears and <propfemale> <propfirst>'s kids   
is er central tonight--chloe is 104 7 and <propfemale> and <propfemale> are trying to catch up--and my dad headed to the er tonight     feel free to pray for us     
is glad the house is back to normal     if there is normal with 4 kids     
spent 4 hours at the <propmale> store and came out with a new <propmale>book pro     free!!!! and a printer     wow     love those ryans at the apple store!
has now watch the movie g  i  <propfirst> four times this weekend   
needs some peace and quiet     
"hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know "
"just got 4 award travel seats to bangkok     now, we just need 2 more to open up so their parents can travel with them on the flight     or maybe not  surprise "
"is heading out for shopping, haircuts and passport pictures     "
is      
is     so thankful 
spent the day in the car driving to wheaton and back--am now pooped 
"has a 13 year old in the house     happy birthday, <propfemale>!!!"
snow     snow     and more snow     10 more days and we're on the beach   
"     7 more days     yes, i'm counting the days--it's too cold here    "
"still thinks it is too cold     2 more days and we're off to <propmale>, tennessee (then florida)--yippee!"
is overwhelmed packing     
"loves christmas     but, so glad it's not the end of the story     just the beginning!"
"is home, unpacking from florida, washing clothes and repacking for a flight out to colorado--this is a marathon christmas new years     "
here's to a new year of knowing our stories and giving it away--and then discovering the deepest meanings in out lives! praying that i will discover the author who is embedded in my story and yours--and know the <propfemale> he has for each one of us to reveal!
     is wondering if we'll survive this snow day     
     has the most awesome daughter in the world     came home from date night and the house was cleaned up and counters wiped down     
     thinks she likes the ipad     
thinks it's amazing how much things can change in 15 years in a little village in northeast india--wi-fi at the bangla     wow!
     is working on a 4 minute dvd for the gospel centenary celebration-- 1910-2010   a little concerned the song may be too short that goes with it 
     still trying to cram 100 years into a 4 minute dvd     
     had ribs and salmon on the grill tonight     soooo good 
     love the excitement of a newly turned 7 year old taking gourmet chocolate cupcakes to school!
   missed her calling--should have been a molecular gastronomist   
     is thankful
"     earth's crammed with heaven, and every common bush afire with god, but only he who sees takes off his shoes--the rest sit round it and pluck blackberries     "
     like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea  we are far too easily pleased     my discussion for the day with my 13 year old 
     waiting by the phone to hear news and celebrate the arrival of a new cousin for the keating kids!
"     welcome to the world, <propfirst> r  pudaite!"
at ord   delays all over the united terminal   had my bubble tea so am happy   
"     if i didn't have these 2 heavy carryons, i'd head back to argo tea in terminal three for another mango coconut bubble tea     new plane coming due to broken toilet--another hour at ord"
"    just had my first cheebuger at <propfirst> goat's   i think it would have been better in the city   and to top it off, i just learned there's a shortcut to the bubble tea store   and now we're delayed bcuz of lightning strikes   "
"     snowing, lightning and thundering in colorado springs     "
   back on illinois soil   missing my new little nephew    
"     what a great day     yummy homemade pancakes, lunch, arcade games, a hike and <propfirst> malnatis pizza     and kids in bed early     "
     finally got to take a shower this evening and my 4 year old decided now was the time to swallow a <propfemale>     
   just went through the drive-thru at culver's and asked for mayo with our food--she handed me one packet--is there a shortage on mayo that i don't know about?
   needs a pick me up   
"     even with this blasted migraine, i love the sound of my four year old singing worship songs     "
"   wheaties, check out the yahoo post below!"
   off to a great morning-- xrt playing the furs
"is purging, decluttering, call it what you will--it's no fun, well sort of no fun--i like the end result, though "
excited that <propfirst> made the chicagoist!
<propmale> power outage in antioch   it's been 2 hours   arghhh never bought the battery bacjk up for the sump pump    
so glad power went back on!  just in the <propmale> of time!--already had started hauling water up
     thankful for my dad today     
"on the way to ovengrinders for dinner   i can't wait   salad, their yummy bread and the best pot pie pizza!!"
just finished a the best bubble tea on the way home from the city   a nice way to end my day!
loves that all my cousins (and friends in <propfemale>) are 11 1 2 hours ahead--i get birthday wishes early!!
heading out for birthday dinner--japanese style!!
   had the best vegan cupcake from <propfemale> in <propmale> <propfemale> for my birthday!  thank you for all the birthday wishes!!
stopped at a rest area in iowa and ran into friends--how wild is that!
loves colorado weather!
     can't believe the <propmale> sisters are out of doubles!
off to <propfemale>'s <propfemale> for some yummy mexican food!
off to rainbow gulch for a morning hike with my mom and kids
wonders why i live in illinois   this colorado weather is intoxicating!
   being still and doing nothing are not the same thing   
"   the little boy sitting next to me at the lego store keeps looking up at me as he dips his hands into the pile of legos and says, \my treasure   all my treasure!\"" """
   is hanging out with her old suitemate from college   hmmm what prank can i pull on her today for old time's sake!
enjoyed the most scrumptious pecan scone and coffee this morning from marigolds   oh the little things colorado springs offers 
exited for creative arts camp today for 2 budding artists   
"     is dreading coming home to the humidity of the midwest--but, thankful for the past 3 weeks of fabulous weather in colorado     "
  enjoying breakfast with the eldest daughter at <propfemale>'s    
   sitting in a pew waiting for my up and coming worship leading 7 year old sing!
"is in kearney, nebraska--road trip home from here is going to be a long day tomorrow     but the short drive day was worth it after having dinner with my bff from high school "
     is missing the colorado mountains and weather 
is trying to get motivated
"is thinking about jazz theology   it is what happens when we e playful ress the basic elements of jazz in our relationship with god--syncopation, improvisation and call and response "
is having breakfast with <propfirst> dungy!
"enjoying a do-nothing day (except, 4 loads of laundry to wash, fold and put away) "
just enjoyed the best vegan red <propfemale> cupcake for breakfast 
is hoping this rain has warded off people from  great america   since i hate long lines 
off to have bubble tea with <propfemale>
first day of school!
     survived the day with an empty house in the morning 
i just gave my friend vinegar for her birthday today -- mind you it was aged balsamic vinegar-- hoping she doesn't read into it nonetheless 
"   thinking about cs <propfirst>' quote as i stand in the rain   \we're not necessarily doubting that god will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be \"""""
is off for a morning walk---love midwest fall mornings (just wish allergies were not a part of it )
"i am restless--restless, until i rest in you "
"my favorite one liner on my caribou coffee cup this afternoon--\max out your passport\"""""
"   is thankful for her sweet husband of 15 years!!!     a dozen red roses, turtle coffee from caribou, a cinnamon muffin, a fabulous book and card to start my morning!"
out for anniversary dinner at my favorite restaurant -- crazy water -- de-lish!!!!!!
   is headed to the south!
mote <propfemale> this am and fishing in the afternoon   
pure pandemonium with all rods hooked up with mackerel and ladyfish--dan didn't get a <propmale> to wet his line unhooking so many fish!
reality has just set in that i am no longer in florida--it just started snowing!!
"on the train to chicago--spending the day with <propfemale> and maren--argo tea, christmas trees around the world and michigan avenue--here we come!"
"today is my baby's birthday!! can't believe she is 14!!  happy birthday, <propfemale>!!"
book is at the press--check out our website!  www anglinglife net
amazing christmas music tonight at the christmas <propfemale> service at <propfemale> creek!
school's out   heading for the mountains!
     but you came like a winter snow
off for a hike at rainbow gulch 
     i smell the snow coming
disappointment with the bears     at least steelers will redeem the evening!
is looking forward to the blizzard!
   is ready for change 
unsure how much more of this lack of sunlight this girl can take!
happy ? day!
i had the ac on in the car     we're moving in the right direction!
whoa!!!! i am amazing!!!
ahhhh   saturday   what does this day have in store for me   
snow today   seriously?
picking up my parents at ord in 5 1 2 hours-yes that's right--4am--doesn't american airlines realize that is sleeping time? at least the roads will be free of traffic 
