19a08f0a8bfc7411ab8786e3060f1622
happy new year!!!  2010 here i come!!!
here comes the sun little   
<propfirst> byrne concert was killer   i love red rocks!!
happy solstice everybody!!!
life sure is funny   
good morning world  it is going to be a beautiful day in colorado!
ahh payday and it's already spent   i hate bills!
"bored, wondering what to do tonight   "
happy 4th of july everybody!!!!
sunday   where is my football games   go pack go!
happy birthday to my beautiful daughter <propfemale>!!!  11 today!!! holy crap she is starting to get close to scary age   
ready to enjoy a day off!
i hate sundays   
not ready to start my work week   
never ever get married to a crazy person!!!
finally!  and end to the drama of my life is near   i hate loving evil people   
yeah! it's saturday!!  only 5 days until some good time off!!!
one more day of work until some much needed vacation!!!!
7 more hours til vacation time!!!!!
filing for divorce today   the time of darkness is coming to a close   
can't wait to go to pueblo tomorrow!!!  partying with old friends   nothing like it!!!
vacation time was good!!! love hanging with old friends   
scored tickets to depeche mode at red rocks next thursday!!  being single again is cool!!!
i'm tired of being sick!!!  this sucks   
depeche mode tonight at red rocks!!!!  heck yes!!!!
depeche mode was sweet!!!!  special thanks to my wing girl and bff <propfemale> for shelling out the cash and hanging with me through her hangover   you rock girl!!!
not feeling like working today    oh well   
it was a beautiful day!  life is good sometimes   
movies with a friend  what a great way to spend a day off   what's everybody doing tonight?
thursday is the new friday!!!!
labor day weekend here i come!  to bad i'm working while all of you are chilling   anybody got anything fun to do sunday or monday night?
anybody but me have to work the entire weekend?
ahhh   finally friday for me after 7 in a row   looking forward to some good r&r   maybe the rockies tonight   yeah!
"ah a day at the spa   massage, skin treatment, and the all important sports pedicure   a day of bliss and relaxation!"
"ahhh, a second day of doing nothing   i love my weekends!"
happy autumnal equinox all you pagans!!!!  may goddess bless you all!!!
ready for some needed r&r this weekend   and a sunday off   football!!!! go pack go!
leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you 
anybody want to go see nitzer ebb on nov 25th with me?  tickets are only like $20 or so at the bluebird!!!  any takers?
monday   what else is there to say   
great to have great friends   i just want to say thanks for all the support that you all have shown me in my time of distress   i love you all 
"woke up today, and for the first time in a long while, i was thinking about somebody other than my soon to be ex-wife!  still miss the shit out of my step kids though   much love to <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!"
a little <propmale> over today   not sure how that happened   
my feet are cold!!!
another sunday of work   next weekend san <propmale>!!!
thursday night 10 15 at 7 surprise 0pm please meet me down at the park tavern on 11th and ogden to help me celebrate my 37th birthday   leave a note if you want to come so that i have an idea how many will be attending!
thursday night 10 15 at 7 surprise 0pm please meet me down at the park tavern on 11th and ogden to help me celebrate my 37th birthday  leave a note if you want to come so that i have an idea how many will be attending!
first day in beautiful san <propmale> was great! tomorrow promises to be better   miss you all wish i could have brought you all with me!!!
back in the land of work   no fun but the time off was nice   a shout out to all that attended by bday bash last thursday   thanks for helping me get cut off!!!  yeah   i love all of you!
brrrr   cold is not good   
tired of being inside!!! anybody want to make snow angels with me?
about to start another long work week   hope this one goes by quick!  i'm ready for another day off!
"funny how just when we think we know where our life is going a new fork in the road appears!!!  i am greatful for the new options presented to me!!! thanks, to she knows who she is   "
it's my friday and i am ready to party!!!!
"a shout out to my friends <propfirst> and saphyre   congradulations on your nuptuals today!!!  i wish you both the best of luck and a long life of prosperity and happiness!!  and to the rest of you   howdy, and i love you all!!!"
"got all my new stuff for horse back riding lessons!  new boots, helmet, grooming supplies    yeah me!!!"
"yesterday was no fun   went to divorce court for preliminary hearing and it went faster than if i had a speeding ticket!  i was in there 5 minutes   no kidding!  it's a sad statement  about our society when we can disolve a marriage faster than we can pay a traffic fine   i'm bummed that it seems like the only person my marriage was important to was me   oh well, what did i e playful ect   sympathy from the government?"
all work and no play makes me a dull boy   
good morning world!!!  day off tomorrow just in time for the snow   anybody off and want to go see a movie?
"hoping i get to see my kids for, or around, the holidays!! keeping my fingers crossed   "
"loving life, having a hell of a day   so far!"
friday is here!!!  <propfemale> with my horse and chill tonight   oh yeah!!!
are you ready for some football!!! go bronco's!! go packers!!
brand new computer compliments of my big brother <propmale>!!! holy freakin early <propfemale> christmas!!!!  i am blessed!!!
yeah it's friday!!! sort of   
day off   yeah me!!!
"today i am thankful to be alive! i have wonderful friends and family, a great job, and many many blessings   thank you all for being part of my life!"
hope everyone has a safe and family filled thanksgiving   i am looking forward to seeing my kids in 2 short weeks!!!
so are you ready for some football!!!!
one week until i get to see the kids!!! can't wait!!!
i am getting tired of the snow but because it makes work for me very slow   
"can i get a \go pack go\"" from anyone?"""
off to see the kids in oregon!  yeah for a little early christmas!
trip to oregon was awesome!!! had a blast with the family!!!
i have a new cat and it won't shut up!  do they make muzzles for cats?
avatar in 3d tonight at 7!!!! call me if you want to go and see it at arvada old towne theater   number is on my profile!
<propfemale> christmas to all near and far!  i love you all and wish you all the happiest new year possible!!!!
glad christmas is over   looking back on the last year of my life i wish i had done somethings differently   mostly though i wish i had to miss fewer people    to all of them that i do miss i love you all and wish you where near   happy new year!!!
ready for a new year and new beginings!
happy new year!!!!!
anybody want to buy me breakfast and bloody's?  i'm broke    smile  happy new year!!!
one thing to say for today   go pack go!!!!
"i am offically announcing that i am moving to <propfemale> san <propmale> towards the end of april   my offfical last day at work is april 15th and i'll probably be leaving within a week of that   some of you may wonder why i'm leaving my home of the last 30 years   i'll just say this, for the first time in a long time there is nothing to tie me down "
"with my divorce final tomorrow and the kids living in another state, i need a c<propfemale>e!  the depth of my grief is greater than even i imagined   i love all of you and thank you all for the support that you have given me over the last year of my life   i will miss all of you and hope that some of you can come out for a visit   so if anyone wants to <propfemale> out the clock is ticking    you have 3 months to catch up with me!!"
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  ? so love the people who treat you right  ? forget about the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  post to your wall if you agree "
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
"a day off   tonight, a gathering of old highschool friends!  shaping up to be a fun filled great day!!!"
just had a great time catching up with old high school friends!  looking through year books again   oh god did my hair really look like that in the 80's! lmao!!!  thank you <propfemale> and <propmale> for putting together that fantastic gathering!  cfahs classes of 88-91 great times remembered 
day off today!!!  it might be time to reallt start working on this move to san diego   or i could just be lazy   
a night off and feeling some power lounging coming on    
buying tickets to go and see the kidos   yeah!!!  i miss my girls   
"i owe, i owe it's off to work i go   "
valentines day   yet another holiday that your loved ones can totally disappoint you on   
"ahh, it's friday   sort of    yeah!!!!"
a day off!!!  sushi for lunch   yum     shaping up to be a nice day   smile 
"chillin like a villian   yep, i'm original!"
life sure is funny     wink 
6 days off!!! heck yes!!!!
home from a trip to see the kidos!!!  great trip!!!
"i have set the official launch date of the move to san <propmale> for april 17th   if you all want to <propfemale> out let me know, but remember i'm poor until i leave so if you want to go for beers or such you are buying    wink  i am going to miss you all bunches!!!"
"friday night, with a snow storm in the air and nothing to do   suggestions?"
if anyone is really bored today and wants to help me move my stuff into storage give me a call at 720 341 2675   we are starting early!  many hands and trucks makes light work!!!  thanks in advance to all that respond!!!
move out complete! now just waiting for the road trip to begin   
"i am looking for a new home for my cat jinx   or at least someone that is currently petless and willing to cat sit for about 2 months   he is a good 10 5 year old black cat, but doesn't do well with othe cats   dogs are probably okay if they are of mellow disposition(not hyper)  call me if you are interested or would consider long term sitting   720 341 2675 thanks all "
"well all, my going away party is officially scheduled for friday 8pm rialto cafe on 16th mall   anyone that gives a hoot about not seeing me for awhile should attend     let me know if you plan on dropping by so i can have the party number right for the restaurant  thanks "
4 days to launch!!! socal here i come!!!
may last day at tmi!  man i'm going to miss all my people!! less than 48 hours to launch   not going to be able to log on for a week or two but i'll shoot out a note when i get landed   love you all and will miss you all tons   here i come california!!!
"have driven 1100 <propmale> and and visiting my wonderful stepmom <propfemale> in quaint little genoa, nv   <propfemale>'s oldest settlement!  miss you all already!!!"
going to seattle today!!!  going to have a great time this weekend!!!  half way through the road trip 
leaving seattle today to go back to oregon for 2 more days then on to san <propfirst> to <propfemale> with an old friend  yeah me 
oregon was great!  the kids are good and everything turned out as i e playful ected   awesome!  in san <propfirst> today   going up to san <propfirst> for my last day before landing in beautiful southern california   miss you all bunches thanks to all for the positive thoughts and good wishes!!!
"attention!  the eagle has landed   i am now in and at where i will be for a while   beautiful san <propmale>   it was a balmy 75 today with lots more of that e playful ected in the future   good road trip!  not what i hoped it would be, but it was what i e playful ected it would be   you all need to come and visit   soon!"
got my first job interview tomorrow at 2 surprise 0pm   wish me luck and think employment thoughts for me!
cinco de drinko!!! might have one or two today     supposed to be a big deal out here     not sure why though   
one face to face and two phone interviews since yesterday   another face to face tomorrow!  wish me luck guys   i really need to start working soon!  think big money to just cause that never hurts!
"okay i'll say this    san <propmale> is beautiful but i really miss all my friends    to all my peeps, \what up from the west coast!!!\"""""
3 interviews between now and moday morning!!!  yeah me!  please think good thoughts for me!!!  i need a freakin job!!!
i'm starting to get a little frustrated with my job hunt   lots of interviews but still no offers   starting to get scared i'll never find anything   
starting to wonder if i made the second biggest mistake of my life   
"got my first official offer, for a part time supervisor position   have a couple of more interviews for today and next week   i keeping my fingers crossed for a better full time job but if no one says anything i'll take the part time to get by   maybe things are starting to look up!  i need to get working because i'm broke and more importantly i'm bored silly!"
"went down to newport beach today to check out the young people scene   cool place  lots of bars, shops, etc   and amusment park rides!  would have been nice to have a wingman or two but still nice to get out and walk around "
"i think i'm going to get a good job offer tonight at 6pm   they are calling me back for a third meeting interview, and they already spent the money on my background check   pretty sure that means a job offer   pray for good money for me!  i need this!"
well it is official   i have a job and start next week!!!!  yeah me!!! i'll be working at a place called acapulco's   it's a mexican restaurant with a night club part as well   it's located in san <propmale> so i'll i'm just 15-20 minutes to the beach!  i'm so happy i could pee my pants!  thanks all for your outpouring of support and all your positive thoughts and prayers   i am so grateful   let my new life begin!!!
good night all   spending way to much time on computer lately    can't wait to start working   
i got the house to myself for a few days then up to la on monday to start training at my new job   i am starting to head in the right direction   
"start training at my new job tomorrow up in la for next 7 weeks   not sure i'll get to use a computer much in that time, so i hope you all have a fantastic week  i know i will   p s  got invited to a bbq today   my first social event in southern cal!  i'm excited to meet some new people!"
"one year ago today my whole life changed   still not sure if it was for the better for everyone concerned in the long run    i miss so many things, and some i don't miss at all    funny thing, time   all i know now is that i'm glad to be alive   and to have the best friends anyone could ever ask for!"
in la training for the new job   not sure if it's my dream job but it beats being broke   thanks for all the nice notes folks   you all the best!  i pick em good!  love my friends!!!
one more day of work then back to good ole san <propmale>!!! yeah me!  training going very well   
chillin at the casa enjoying a beautiful so cal day    i think this place is starting to grow on me   
"it is a sad day in <propmale> today   my friend had to put down her horse <propfemale> today   the old man (27 yrs old), as i called him, was a wonderful beast   he brought joy to my life and the lives of my kids, my ex-wife and many many others in his time   he helped me to discover that i have a deep love of horses, and he carried me on my first trail ride a week or so before i left <propmale>   he will be very missed   "
hotel in here in la doesn't have showtime    no true blood   i'm pissed!!!
tired    just one more day of work then rest   
back in san <propmale> for a couple of days   nice to kick back and chill 
"two more days and no more kitchen training   heck yes!  back to the front of the house where i belong!  mewbourne, don't say a word   "
"last day of kitchen training and i got to talk to the kids! a good day, but somehow i still feel   well lonely   miss my friends, my ex, my kids    no comments needed   i'm just saying cause i'm feeling "
a couple of days off   nice!
i think i hate my new job   
i have lost 17 pounds since leaving colorado   20 more to go   california body here i come!
"back to work! my last 8 days of training in la, then back to san <propmale> for good!  about damn time i say   now my life can really begin to take form here   "
well i thought i was going to be allowed to go home to san <propmale> for good now that training has been completed   but no  my boss in his infinite wisdom has decided to stick me at another store for 2 more weeks before letting me get my life started   i'm so sick of sleeping in hotels   
"well it looks like they are trying to keep me in moreno valley for a bit longer than i e playful ected   this is not making me happy at all   yes at least i have a job, but i rather be unemployed in san <propmale> than employed in a place that seems to have let the trailer park send all it's rejects to them   the quest for a new job begins   "
yeah back to san <propmale> for good on monday!!! finally my 9 week road trip for training and all that is over!  yeah me!!!!!
"start at my new home store today in san <propmale>   finally, after 9 weeks of sleeping in hotels and training and lots and lots of other emotional trials, i'm back where i wanted to be all along   time for the hard work to start paying off   "
end of week one at the new store   okay so far   headed to <propfemale> <propfirst> tomorrow morning for a wedding    yeah!
headed to <propfemale> <propfirst> for a beautiful beach wedding!  this is going to be a great weekend!
went to <propfemale> <propfirst> for a awesome wedding over the weekend   california sure is beautiful   met some very wonderful people to!  the only thing that would have made it better was a date on my arm    oh well those things will come in there own time   
let see here    65 hours in the last 6 days and still two more days to go   this job sucks and i miss <propmale>     and people there   
someone give me a sign!!!!  what am i supposed to do?!?!? with my life   
"moved back to denver   in case you hadn't heard through the grapevine   guess i just missed of of you to much!!!  i did get to do some cool things though   beaches, zoos, wedding, hanging with my dad    nice place i just wouldn't want to live there unless i made a lot more money   you never know until you try   "
moving in to my new place on friday   start my job on thursday!  good week ahead!
anyone want to help me move friday or saturday?  if so give me a shout 720 341-2675   trucks and vans are helpful to!
moving today!  yeah back to my old stomping grounds!!!
"move complete!  just a few things to unpack   love being back in capitol hill!!!  to all my friends out there, call me lets <propfemale>!!!"
got internet again    back on the net   yeah me!!!
have this coming weekend off   any suggestions for something to do that is cheap or even better free!!!  anybody want to join in?
good morning world!!!
so are you ready for some football?!?!?
looking for suggestions for something to do next saturday night or sunday for my birthday   anyone????
so hi everyone   my birthday is this sunday and anyone and everyone is invited to join me at choppers sports grill at 80 s  <propfemale> st  in <propfemale> creek to watch football and get a nice buzz on    please post a comment if you plan on showing so i have an idea of how many people are gonna come   thanks love all   and if no one comes i still love you all!!!
to all my friends out there thank you for the birthday wishes!!!  i was home passed out by 6 smile 0!  birthday mission accomplished!!!
the start of the last week of october   where did the month go???
hey all if your downtown today or you want to see me i'm bar tending brunch at the <propmale> mountain diner at 18th and stout   come down and visit     have a bloody <propfirst>    yum!
hey to my people!!!  i'm bar tending tonight at <propmale> mountain diner at 18th and stout   come on down for a visit and watch some monday night foot ball with me!!!  1 2 off apps from 4-6!!  see ya!!!
one more shift and then 2 days off!!!!
must be monday   
just saw the rockette's christmas show at pepsi center   very entertaining!!!  i guess i'm ready for the holidays!!!  thanks to my friend <propfirst> for the tickets!!!  you da man!!!
holy snowy weather!!!
short day at work today   anybody want to buy me lunch this afternoon?!?!?
bartending tonight at the <propmale> mountain diner   come on down tonight and have some pan fried chicken and beer at my bar!!! 18th and stout downtown 
"if anybody is bored tonight, come on down and watch the bronco game with me   you will have to sit at my bar and watch me work to but if you have nothing better to do     <propmale> mountain diner 18th and stout !!"
finally an end to my 10 days straight working   looking forward to spending time with my family tomorrow 
<propfemale> christmas!!!
i hope everyone had a great thanksgiving   i know i did   glad to be back in colorado with friends and family   wow can't believe this year had gone by so quick   mission accomplished    i gained 5 pounds yesterday!!!
sick as hell today     have the lung crap from hell!!!  makes me feel like dying   ugh  sad 
still have the lung crap from hell!!!  i'd like to thank <propfemale> at work for this wonderful gift   can't miss any more work!!!
trying to get better!!!  now my lungs feel better but it's moved in to my sinus cavity     arrgh!!!  sickness sucks!!!
just had three days off with nice friends   thanks peeps!  you guys made it a great weekend!
the warriorr's way   not to bad of a flick if you like violence for the sake of violence    and i do!
hey everybody!  come on down and have a drink witrh me tonight at <propmale> mountain diner   i'm working the bar until 10 surprise 0   good food!!!!
hey all i'm headed to the pub on penn (13th and penn) to watch some football   drop by or shoot me a text if you want to <propfemale> today!!!
"to all my facebook friends !!! will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24    hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
does anyone have a steam cleaner that i can borrow?  my <propfemale> apartment is to big for one of the rentals     if so please let me know!!! thanks!
<propfemale> whatever!!!
"to all my friends, happy new year!!!  may this one be better than the last!!!"
i can't wait for things to start popping in the new year   just have a good feeling about this one!!!!
work at 5 then on to try some new things tonight   yeah new things   
went to <propfemale> ranch tonight     wow!!!  it is all true!!!
go pack go!!!!!!
"need a new job   not making money   love the people i work with but, a man has to eat   "
doesn't want to work today   he just wants the money   
off to the slave pits!  pray the money gods smile on me!!!   ohm   
go pack go!!!
"thanks facebook for once again helping me find and get together with and old friend!!!  had a great breakfast and have a good start on catching up on the last 20 years!  i love the \social network\""   """
"been divorced for a year now     boy has it been a interesting last 12 months     i still miss the kids and even the ex wife to   probably always will a little, but i'm in a much better place in my heart and mind now   thank you to all of my friends standing by me   i couldn't ask for a better group of \chosen family\""   i love you all!!!"""
"how many of us really know all of the people on our fb friend list?? here's a task for you -i want all my fb friends to comment on this status or message me of how you met know me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed what people remember my turn give it a go"
all my praying has come down to this!!!!  the super bowl!!!!  go packers!!!
