1f48a7181513b4a0587b8b9dcc00e9e8
got her birthday present early! a canon eos rebel xs with 10 (+) megapixles and attachable detachable lens <propfemale>! basically one kick but <propmale> camera!
"i believe in my ever evolving faith, not in the faith that which i am told to believe in  faith should be an emotional feeling, not a comand "
"if climbing mt  everest were a simple task, it would be a worthless feat "
"'s shoes are still wet  darnet yeng, lol  i also think everyone should eat all meals with chop sticks "
"ant's everywhere! they were in my bedsheets, they're crowding up the kitchen and you can't see the bathromm floor!"
"jaming to celtic music, i'm such a rebell : p"
"is in south <propfemale> or somewhere in between, ah who knows where i'll be this week! cya!"
left south <propfemale> i'm in wyoming!
i'm back! i'm back! but i found out something astounding when i came home  my responce: 'what! <propfirst> jackson's dead!'
loves <propfemale>'s parking job! parking break! : ) lovya <propfemale>!
wate!? <propfirst> maze died too!!!!!!!!??????????????????
waffles 
"virgin alarm, get her dirty mits off her! i'm still progamed you know! -spaceballs"
sole books from a hotdog stand with <propfemale> and loves guns n' roses: eat that chaz!
"fantastic cabin gettaway! slolum skiing, wakeboarding, fireworks: all in all great times!"
"just left for <propfemale>, cya guys soon!"
had a fantastical day!
"off camping, cyall in three days! wow it's been non stop lately!"
take a book leave a book? count me in!
"fyi: \do you play hopscotch\"" is not a vail pickup line   freak"""
<propmale> potter at middnight    lots of screaming girls   and some dushes sitting behind us  totally a fantastical night!
"festa italiano! magical times ten p s  as of today <propfirst> has one and a half front teeth   fillin and novakan, ibeprofin and pain killers   get well soon   "
 playful ersonal reminder   i'm on <propfemale> seven(ish)
just finished her rough draft for her into the wild essay   maybe i sould work on finishing the book now   
repeditive success establishes the e playful ectaction to succeed   
<propmale> means protection in germanic lol lmao!
"everyone should take an epic trip three times in their life  once as a child, once to take their children, and the third so their children can take them   "
"i'm out camping i'll be back on the first, see you all then!  p s  my phone is off srry"
offically loves santaclause mellon and the thrift store : )
so   my glasses are pritty much gonna brake in my face   
epically failed her driver's exam  fml
new shoes!!!!!! : ) : ) : )
thinks ur really hot! call me!
"waring a smiley shirt makes you smile, even if it makes your face hurt "
ate her bowl of cerial with juice this morning  mom please go grocery shopping!!!!
so i want to buy a <propfemale> mini 10v   who do i break that to mom and dad    does anyone have any advice on getting a computer?
100 dollars yesterday  i love working with the quartet! awesome wedding job guys!
is almost done with tomb raider   again  need a life! : !
got extremely lucky scedualing her dmv test! august 13! wooooo yeah!
uploading photos leave me alone!
hello
open <propfirst> poetry at harmony   not as terrifying as i thought   
<propfirst>'s out galivanting in california  baby brothers grow up so fast   cya next week <propfirst> 
passed her driving exam! currently celebrating with a jumbo delux salad from festavals!!!!!!!!! yeah!
"took my first solo drive, too bad i went down town right when all the stores closed   "
"got a b-day present today, *coff *coff long hair, lol--i friggen love making people squrm with antisipation!---is that evil?"
"how do you learn what you've been trying to figure out for 16 years  you have a moment like i had today, and it's all different  never agian, please god  never again make me have to go through with that "
"i love new haircuts   unfortunatly i can never get it to look like it does the first day, any other day   "
"shit happens, it's the best and the worst part of life"
amazing what you see when your walking in the dark
"when i feel like reading music i sit down to the piano, when i feel like writing music i pick up my guitar, and when i feel like having a headache i stare at my <propfemale> in it's case   "
"dad made me change my fb pic, thought the other one was too wantabe mysterious   "
"chcuk noris doesn't moe his lawn, he stares at it and *dares* it to grow    "
"so, the <propfirst>'s been offically totalled by the repaire people    shines light on my day"
robbert patterson is playing <propmale> dali? mistake dude   
10 days till school! what? that cant be right! way to make me cry <propfemale>!
"amazing party, up till five in the morning twice in a row    i'm not the person that comes out of that not being crancky, lol  hope i'm not mean at the barbaque!"
"just drove the satern on the highway, first time driving sence the acident saterday  feel    a little better"
"love's playing myst, best video game ever! ( and i beat my dad in batmitten!)"
so how many poeple are actually done with their essay right now?
"how can people possibly be thinking or homecoming already  honestly, it's depressing   "
is working on her essay's final tid bits     please don't distract me!
finally 100% is completed with her into the wild essay! yeah!
i have 69 friends exactically! lmao!
about to set off for party hardy!
silly string fight!
"made fridays with <propfemale>, because it's not sunday yet"
so why is divorce legal but gay marrige isn't?
today is evidence that fall is coming   
gensis ultimatim leave me alone!
it's rainy ~ it's wet ~ it's cool ~ it's dark ~ i like it   
i can put my hair in brades again yeah yeah y-e-a-h!
strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes
school    remember the days when it wasn't complicated  crayons in your nose and nap time?
really wants dread locks    maybe  help me out here guys    
feels like ap ca is really going to make me think   
fox valley family picknick fun day! hope your all coming caues your all invited! it's at city park this sunday from 1 to 4  you better come cause i'm painting faces with <propfemale>!
09 surprise 9 (and 09 seconds) pm on 09 09 09 wednesday september 9th 2009 [realize this moment in history won't repeat for exactically 100 years *in 2109]
free starbucks? <propfemale>'s in the pit?! <propfemale> is going to be on american idol! this is going to be a good year!
you are never lost as long as you have purpose
"recap: uu o w l s  sexucal education lockin, sleeping mosh style outside, five hours of video games, mingling of the water's morning service, fvffp <propfemale> picknic running, driving the satern, reading 'running with scissors' being a nerd and loving my english paper topic     this has seriously been a fantastical weekend!"
"working conccessions for the east patriot game (swapping change for food), i've offically been through math hell "
off to the first pit orchestra rehersal : )
use to think only beautiful people fell in love
"best day ever, octoberfest, with <propfemale>, xula, <propmale>, cullen, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> : ) came home and there was confusious chinies take out waiting on the counter, and we watched wolverine to top the night off! wow!"
just went to an imagenary career fair with <propfemale>!
i called your boyfriend 'metero' and he hit me with his purse
tried to yawn for five hours yesterday    why did that take me so long?
"court date today    all went    accordinaly, it's still a $175 30 burn in my pocket  it was so silent you could have heard a pin drop, on the carpet"
i'm finally done with the <propfemale> letter! time to pile on the dracula!
it's really hard to cheer when you can't spell   
omh! opra's at perkins!
"listening to blackeyed peas, watching <propfirst> and is friends play lbp: talking games with <propmale> and boys with baobi (ryan    yeah just stop)"
"i thought it was so beautiful, that it couldn't be passed up and had to be passed on"
"second time total was at v s   cullen, baobi: way to be \what a fantastical time\""!!!!!!1"""
"that was the most exausting pitt practice, come saterday and i'll be dead   "
it's wednesday!
"we thought her dying whilst she slept, and sleeping when she died "
just made the best video ever!
loves her family
"can't wait to see \deb on ice\"" you write that   promise me   """
<propfirst> ruled! opening night! completely amazing! we couldn't have put it on any better!      now    every night will have that much engergy right?!
i miss my pitt orch buddies : ( jerrmmmmmmeeeeeyyyyyyy!
broke her g-string today    twice
i saw you jermey *te he
passionate drama between all        it's getting to the point we're i think our group thrives on it   
luck; poorman's prayer
two more shows!       but i think i'm going to cry when it's all over
"loves the white stipes, they go great with some spoon and e playful essially cake  exept when you have a taste for <propfirst> talent, and can only wash it down with ratatat  i'll just go classic today  ac dc, and rush, with some styx and of course the police! good day"
"i've got so much time it's rediculous     you mean i get to watch tv again? fringe, the office, and 30 rock look out here i come!"
"my little secret, it wasn't cold in that room  and you knew it   love "
can't resist impulsive creative surges of spastically drawing ravens     poe i blame you 
the new <propfemale> treck is freakishly rediculoulsy outstandingly compulsivly amazingly spectacular!
figured out why they're called teletubbies
recovering dorkaholic
"great friends, great times, great pizza, great movies, great night----only missing one thing"
teric you bruised my foot
"i may not make the prittiest omalets, but dam are they the tastiest!"
"looked myself up on google, found mr  <propmale>'s old recording <propfemale> for our tkm tib's  (to kill a mockingbird, this i believe easys) trip down memory <propfirst> : )"
"no, you don't undersand, you can't listen to white stripes without pumping base"
"shoes are powerful articles of clothing, they're the only atire that's been with you every step of the way"
"i'm not an idiot, i'm a genius in training!"
"what if i don't want to plan my life? it takes away the suspence, the surprise    the fun "
my place is the placeless
posts too much
baobi thinks it's funny when white girls make stir frie     
"yes dad, i love it when you smudge cake splat over my mug, histerically cackling like a mad man"
packers suck    hopefully i get to change this staus by the end of the game
my family is getting good at holiday's  it's like we're in this well rehearsed play that we put on constantly throughout the year   
"was attacked by a white fluffy dog while searching for high <propmale> at <propmale> and noddingham     does it get anybetter--oh yeah, <propfemale> was there : )"
"spray paint fumes guittar hero, taste frutis, and notebook i love time with the girls"
"i still smell like pain, loltime to get my hair cut : ) bangs   or no bangs?"
paint not pain lol
loves it when the car blinker clicks to the music : )
"love alliance, picked up baobi, <propfemale> for gblt, <propfemale>'s for awesome dresses, ran to walmart to get those <propfemale> hats, peed my pants the whole time with baobi    i'd say i've lived a full day"
loves <propmale> presley way more than she should
has been waring her <propfemale> hat for five straight hours    and it's only dec  2nd
"200 degrees thats why they call me mr  ferenhite! i'm travelin' at the speed of light, don't stop me now!"
"raddison gig went swimmingly, hopefully tomorrow goes just as well, i need the christmas money for all you wonderful folk : )"
<propfemale> vangay hey baobi?
"don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened"
just realized how much she loves <propmale> mathews  smile 
floggin' <propfemale> $4!? r u for realz?! i might of well been born *holding* this cd! i'll take it!
i've offically fallen in love                with the half price book store  smile 
1 plus 2   plus 1    plus 1 plus 2   
you're simle will keep me lit till christmas   and sparkling passed easter  smile 
has discovered how short a snow day really is   or maybe i just overslept
9 am- 2 pm   molly's basketball terniment   
"sledding till my ass was wet, then off on a rivertrail to find narnia"
"nhs letter yeah!   whats that baobi    sign up for a drag show   charity    cool, i'll do it "
"man do i love the sifi bookclub, that's completely my month's fix! concert went gerat, go helpers, go choir!"
found her dad's intense basketball glasses from highschool
saw <propmale> <propmale>'s sleepy hollow for the first <propmale>e last night---offically infatuated!
we won we won we won! first place in the drag show!
can't stop eatting <propfemale>'s <propfemale> (so good!)
my parents got me three unsolveable puzzles  either they think i'm a genius of they love laughing at the strange frustrated faces i make    
refuses to conform and replace her face with pokemon
"rolling blading, hope i don't kill myself  smile "
"can't find my unsolvable puzzle book, hey my headache's gone  smile "
"nicked my ankle up pritty bad, broke my ass falling down the stairs  please no one ever let my handle a razer, or walk down stairs ever again  thanks "
can i punch him with my feeest?
"bye bye bangs, hello face"
new glasses! my new facade is complete  smile 
just wrote a poem to my grandmother   
wants to know if you can figure out the puzzle i posted
"hello new year   oh and dear grass, hide ur ass! snow better be comming!"
anyone else get a 6:1 ratio in chemistry?
silly me thinking they're'd be guys   spent two hours dressed up at barns & nobles   
shouldn't be this hot for nerdy guys
"there was the existential moment, when we saw the couple in the comma, and-it was-we were the cliche, but-we carried on anyway: <propmale> folds, you don't know me"
"epyphony moment: you come form the first form of life  for you, whether that means <propfirst> and <propfemale> or the first particals of the big bang, that's exestential "
"yeng   please, just dont "
"i'm done with finals, i'm skiing!   well, by friday i am    todays the fun car ride "
"back from skiing  went snow boarding, broke my ass, skiing--felt great to get back on them after two years  37 degrees was rediculous and the storm coming home was a nailbiting e playful erience  smile "
drag in tales
"nowadays, it's seems only a poor man's alowed to have dreams"
just realized that life in terms of money is about as useful as shit flavored chewing gum 
"hitting the slopes, hope i don't break anything, cya on tuesday guys  smile "
"woke up in michigan, tonight i'll fall asleep in wisconsin   "
feels like i need to make another smart video
made that new vid  smile  hope it's okay---and currently working on my iguowl for anthro--turning out spectacular  smile 
"you took my breath away, and i don't even want it back"
i guess i really do hate spending money    i think they have a condition for that in girlworld   
is a wingless fly called a walk?
fickle facebook
"<propfemale>'s basketball terniment, 6 smile 0 am- till 9 surprise 0 pm    long day"
"<propmale>! warhol and i'll we'll call him up every time we go to <propfemale>! lol, right liv?"
you can't hum a drum
"music should be food for the soul, not the blockade between you and the real world"
"popsicle toes, there's nothing like a good smooth jazz fix  smile "
is rediculously confused
people just want to know you know them
there's nothing more fun than bowling at the mall    well    maybe putting <propfemale> sunglasses on all the manacan's at shields   
life begins the first time you stop breathing 
i guess i didn't know drama was so dramatic
i'm afraid to let you in becuase i'll loose my independence
lol its adam   im on katies fb   lol
the most magnificent dance of organized chaos  ever  i'm gonna love this 
wishes her hair could always look like it does when the salon gods tease it  smile 
go appleton east whooooooooo state!
well    i still think east is beast   
"astro boy, you let me down"
wants to shop at the asian grocery store 
"disorder of written e playful ression: symptoms include: poor or illegible handwriting, poorly formed letters or <propfirst>, excessive spelling errors, excessive punctuation, errors excessive grammar, errors sentences that lack logical cohesion  apparently i have an actual problem  smile "
doesn't think life gets any better than tec
thinks tuna is the worst exuse for food in the world   prity sure it smells like ass    yeah
likes it when people call her complicated
find random people in our photos   makes me wonder who's photobook i'm in   
i hate waiting
i'm sorry i can't be with you   all i want is to be there   
"goodbye wisdom teeth, hello inflated chipmunk mouth and inibility to make words "
wishes she could go out in public
almost beat her dad at chess   i feel like there's a girlscout bage for that
is directionaly chanllanged   it would make sense that i dont' know where i'm going in life   
whooopaa!
dramatic people don't know the deffinision of drama
done with act   so much for college
you make me happy
"yeah, i saw that meteor  smile "
"day of silence, shhhhhhhhh"
the bond fire was amazing! thanks for an amazing night <propfemale>!
"<propmale>, if you say the words 'terric craving' one more time, i'm gonna make you eat your own face, lol"
painted her shoes black today
last show   totally balling in that silent way
fell asleep in your arms today
omg i forgot yeng!
join your band? sounds like a friggin blast!
"watched <propmale> for the first time last night, wow is that a fantastical show!"
"totally jellous of people goin to ny tomorrow, <propfirst> and <propfemale>!"
"work on my paper    naaa   well   okay, maybe i should"
reedism: all preps are vampires
"marshmellows for dinner, three cheers for my cooking abilites"
blackouts make babies!
happy birthday mom!
loves the smell of fresh cut grass  smile  makes my toes wiggle  smile 
"listening to bohemian rapsody, possibly the most fantastical musical creation on the face of the planet"
thinks mr  smits needs his own tv show
finished my apca paper--and had time to cut the grass and eat a massive burrito! eat that world!
going to get my sexy senior pics done! i feel so great about myself right now! i wish i could look and feel like this every day!
going out with terric today  love  then we're going to see <propfirst>'s band play  smile  can't wait for the day to start!
happy mother's day!
facebook stop being dumb! i'm just gonna start calling you wastegook erg 
"pray, cross your fingers, ware you're lucky clover, do anything to avoid having to study for your ap exam!"
face
he plays classical guitar  smile 
<propfirst> i got you good!
"everyday, a woman is her own season "
<propfemale> la <propfemale> last night was so amazing! i love the places music takes us!
go to google's home <propfemale> now! wiat for the game to load!
"there's just something about yard work  that summer smell of fresh cut grass, the creepy crawls that just find their way to your arms and hands, accasionally a gustful breeze picks up swipping your hair in your face  i love yard work "
great date  smile 
"come to the benifit concert! 7 surprise 0 pm commons, 2$ thanks!"
"rain rain go away--wait who am i kidding, i love the rain!"
how do you cut yourself on a guitar? you'r name is <propfemale> mccarthey
a humming bird feeder?
"no, i'm pritty sure there wasn't a fish, lol"
"final days seem longer than normal days, e playful ecially the semester before summer"
"rains gone, i'm in my best dress and shoes two inches too cumbersome  senior pictures here i come "
"dressed as a priest, today i gave away a baby  (no joke  laugh  )"
thanks to everyone who made the river party a fantastical 2010 summer kcikoff! i love you all!
lovesick puppies?
i'll do it for a carivan
you like dags?
"mission <propfemale> countdown, t-12 hours!"
stop rapping: there's a tornnado!
aiap: as insane as possible
eating red posta in a white shirt   livin' it up  laugh 
going swimming today   before it starts pouring again!
the wind is a girl's worst enemy
just beat her dad in backgammon   that like never happens  laugh 
the second sentence is true  the first sentence is false 
nice day with terrick : )
"headed downtown maddison for the second week in a row, uncle <propfirst> i can't wait to see you! hope it stops raining, love you all, bye bye!"
"back from <propfemale>, hangging with baobi tomrrow, can't wait to see you!  smile "
"guess i'm workin' on my story today  oh, and later picking up my proofs!"
"officially has over 11,000 words on her story  smile "
here comes the camping
mom   i don't want to pack  i wish i was a wizard and could charm my clothes to float into the luggage 
my sprit guide has rabbies   
gone camping leave a message after the beep  smile 
i'm back i'm burnt and i smell like campfire!
job?
loves the <propfemale> la <propfemale> video from the the choir concert!
"dear summer: you're not suppose to make it rain  \senserly: <propfemale> mccarthey"
"mom, i love your spegettii (wish i could spell that)"
tryed to read treasure island and failed  i don't understand the pirate lingo 
http annoyed  www livbit com article wp-content uploads 2008 12 cube-puzzle jpg
terrick's at the house in t- 1 5 hours! not that i'm counting or anything  smile 
off to milwakee to visit the family! back monday love ya'll! (maybe back sunday)
back! can't wait for next weekend to see my cousins again!
started writing memiors   yeah i'm that board
justed mixed welches grape juice with minute made lemonade  life is good  smile 
"helping <propfemale> move, then it's painting time!"
a cookie monster hat! mom i love you!
no <propfemale> no no no! don't   cook eggs in that pan   damnit  ur cleaning it up 
"ran those bolts back to <propfemale>, dropped off a cinimon bun, ran back those games <propfirst> and i picked up (the new <propmale> of persia is epic) then partyed at charlee's! happy b-day girl! tororrow, it's off to the cabin!"
eating pbj paying assasins creed
just watched v for vendetta for the first time god was that amazing!
this is the first weekend this summer that i'll be home  smile 
is going to start eating and writing with her left hand 
<propfemale> just found a baby bunny   and dad's making her let it go 
"remember remember the fifth of november\gunpowder, treason and plot \i see no reason why gunpowder, treason\should ever be forgot   "
"rain rain go away\please don't blow down\my house today"
nothing to type but the word nothing 
"at one point in their lives, all great people have been to prison   though jail is not a collection of greatness itself "
i  love  ennays
"workin' on my story, close to 20,000 words now  smile  30ish extended pages  yeah, i've got no life  lol"
bought a crazy old beautiful copey of pride and pedjudice for 3 dollars  i  love  1 2 priced books  smile 
all dressed up and nowhere to go
had a blast a paperfest! i smell like somke though    
off camping with the girls : ) can't wait for the fun to take my mind off thins  smile 
"back from devil's lake  all i have to say is use the loofa! loo-fa, loo-fa, loo-fa!"
must it rain every day this summer?
i'm back and i'm tired as hell! hello appleton!  smile 
"was greeted like a <propmale> last night, god do i love my friends  smile "
swimmers itch twice within ten days   i sure as hell must be tasty  smile 
icecream boy didn't have kiss on the menue   damn managerialness    
had a spektacular day with <propmale> and <propfirst> yesterday!
has effectively finished the first book of her life  now i'll i have to do is write the sequal  smile 
"eating red cherries and fuge cookies, listening to fleetwoodmac   desperately trying to wash our fight out of my ears "
so        i offically work with attic now? yay  smile 
jungle of love  it's drivin' me mad  it's making me cray-zy!
"i need a huge favor! any tec crew person open the 7th and 19th of aug  from the times 5-10 pm i need a sub at the attic  i need to know if you can sub by 3 o'clock tomorrow  please, anyone that can, help me!"
"go on, take the money and run "
"just got back from the wedding, off to dress rehersal  smile  <propmale> what did you get me into? lol"
"just listening to <propfemale> talk to her dolls, and do her dolls choires  laugh  i miss having that much fun with inatimate objects  laugh  lol"
"can't wait for the radison job to be over today, don't know why i'm so worried about this gig  maybe because we have two subs, and everyone seems to have different binders  *crosses her fingers* we'll need plenty of good luck for this one "
"opening night tomorrow, i can hardly wait!"
"within the last couple a' days i've: acted drunk with happiness, almost kissed a skateboarder, tec-ed carsell with my shadow, watched little <propfirst> spew water all over <propmale>, dropped 40 at b&n, was nijia at telulah, made 50 at a f'ed up wedding, made 100 at the country club  living a year in about a week  smile "
off to attic! can't wait!
"love's <propfemale>, e playful esially when she yells at child actors for telling the tec-ies to shhhhush  smile "
"'s leg was so asleep this morning that when she got out of bed, she literaly fell to the floor  talk about a 'love my life' moment  smile "
"<propfirst>; you've taught me all things in life are funny, almost rediculously so!"
went to town with inking my shoes  smile 
really wants her senior photos to be done
delux bacon cheese burger from hardies   next to a double chocolate mult shake    i love my matabalism  smile 
the daughter of a soliger told the fallen priest it's a cold cold place in the arms of a theif  and reachin' out to touch the stearin' wheel she said leave me alone but just  dont  leave me  here 
dear person who directed wrote 'the book of eli': i love you
goodwill hunting: came back with quite the catch(es)  smile 
i  love  the broken bells
life is epic  smile 
just got the best id pic of her life! guys that was so much fun!
"just went running for the first time sence nineth grade, i feel great! and slightly nausious"
"i'm uploading photos, if you try to chat with me, i won't be here to talk back to you, lol"
"just got back from twin cities minnesota yesterday, really loved the campus! (oh and <propfemale>'s offically on her trip to jamaica!)"
it is extremly difficult to put a banaid on your ear 
"renasaince faire was amazing! hot men on stilts, hot men on horses, hot men in costume, hot men in character, hot men hot men hot men! lol"
"tec again, lol  one day of break  troubled  bring it on happy days!  smile "
this is the part in a musical where i spring off the park bench and bust into a catchy melody   singing to you that life really doesn't suck ass   troubled 
<propmale>'s icecream    mmmm  mmmmm  good  smile 
thinks she's really sick
had her first papple! (apare?) w e you call a genetically modified pare apple cross breed  best thing i've ever eaten in my entire life!
feeling better! joy of joys!
zonkies you scared the cuss outa me!
"we don't have school tomorrow, what are you on?"
it's too early for this
wait   this is the book? but    its small    and disk shaped  laugh 
"people of the earth can you hear me? \everyone felt the sound of their heart beat  ever man  every woman--every child! and on the journy of a million life times, the children of the sun--they started to cliiiiiyyymmmmb!"
killed her home phone  srry mom and dad 
it was like a strike of lightning  <propfemale> mccarthey just realized how much the facts of life scare the living cuss out of her!
"no longer my prison, i'm finaly free of you "
penut fight!
"i hate drama  i've had my share in the past two days, practically and od "
just killed her notecards       and possibly what's left of her social life 
tec is such a good release  made me feel happy for the first time in days now 
"so close, yet so very far away "
"if you want it back, i'd give it to you  (foo fighters)"
"just spent two hours on earthsong forums: <propfemale> koland what the hell have you gotten me into, lol "
want to relive this day  smile 
"<propfemale> is a shortname for pure exstacy? lol, that e playful lains a lot "
's pocket mp3 recorded the last three hours of my day   weird to re-listen to convos i had a few hours ago   
"styx, rush, rolling stones, iron & wine, arctic monkey's, radiohead, <propmale> folds, white rabbit, shins, and <propfemale> spektor   my morning's gone (lol)"
"moonlight and you, fantasy come true "
dear ap psyc   i'm sore from the ass-kicking you gave me today   hope tommorrow your essay goes much smoother   it's revenge time  smile 
homemade pizza night (offically every wed now)    love  my family  smile 
goodluck tonight terrick! wish i could be there tonight! i know you'll be great!
game?
october fest 12 surprise 0 city park  meet me  smile 
wished my windows were dirty   maybe then i wouldn't have to watch a bird die in my hands today 
"dear mom   always make your delishous chilli  love, <propfemale> "
dear undercooked double chocolate cookies   you're just what i needed today   but i wish i'd found you in the freezer yesterday    i needed you way more then x)
"wishes the powerpuffs had capes   i wanted to ware one for superhero day, w e: i'm totally bubbles on a day to day basis anways  smile "
wonders if owl city is featured in the gardians of gahool    x)
"e playful osion of homecoming pictures! have a feeling my home wall will look like this all week, lol   and probably a month afterwords for all you procrastinators out there!"
remind me never to ware an old person onezy again  smile 
dance dance dance!
"homecoming dance here i come! but first, lets do this right and party it up at tianah's!"
free texting from my ipod! terrick ur a genius!
loves paint clothes
we should jam  smile 
"lost: my freetime  often short, includes multipule things at once, may also encompus a numerous amount of friends  if found, please return to this number 1-920-555-2130 "
i  love  fiddle toons  smile 
going to visit la crosse 2day! yeah!
it's seems like everywhere i go  the more i see the less i know  but i know  one thing  that i love you 
"now a proud melting teenager, dazzled by love songs and and gazing eyes  oh long be gone the days of my sanity, of my mentality  there's only a new heart and the one that keeps it from dying "
take me to the water
wait   hell week is   next week   
no more act pre classes! hoot yeah!
"dear act, we can no longer be  you keep me up late nights, with my parents i get into fights  don't bother calling me, cause you i don't really care to see  goodbye you headache act "
secretly loves detail painting 
paranomal tonight? i should certianly hope so  smile 
"turns out regal is offically a dush about rules  get there 6:50 and it turns out the show doesn't start till 7:45, we round everyone up and finally get to buy tickets, then we need slips and liences over 21 and an adult accompionment   and screw it  inception at <propmale> was way better! you loose regal, we'll take our business elsewhere!"
"so, my mom doesn't know how old she is! thought she was 43, went in for a shot   nope darling ur 44!"
e playful losion brain! happy thoughts <propfemale> happy thoughts    after all the show is happy days    smile 
"i change shapes just to hide in the place, but i'm still, i'm still, an animal  nobody knows it but me yeah i slip, i'm still, an animal!"
"opening night, jumpped tianah's car, dropped off a plasic pink play kitchen set with techies, chilled @ perkis w  the coolest peeps <propfemale>' happy night!"
"so, between the two of us terrick and i probably walked out of the library with over 30 cd's    i love how the library doesn't question this "
"i'm such a nerd, i can't wait to go to the library tomorrow and buy new old books with terrick baboi and <propfemale>! so much fun!"
i get a life?! but   happy days    i already miss you   
restrictions are gone!
slow week    moving like a snail   yet still enjoying every moment  the world in slowmotion    
four extra points on her newest act! whooooot yeah!
dad made me a delishous toad in the whole sandwhich  i love my family 
"awesome night! got to see terrick's band play and meet everyone, ended up running into burney and jamming with her  so much fun!"
"paraide was fun  smile  watching from warm cozy <propfemale> cafe, maybe laughing a little at my band friends  laugh  lovyall!"
the <propfemale> brothers were communists? right? lmao! love you uncle <propfirst>!
was just accepted to uw fox
"loves this newly discovered fact that life doesn't happen in some magical order: it's different for every person, because every person is different "
<propfirst>! get better quick! i want to see you riding those slopes in no time!
zinc is a dense massive metal that can only be created in the dynamic atmosphere of a supernova  meaning the zinc in your blood is the remnance of a <propfemale> 
life does occasionally suck 
faf: thats you 
just bs-ed the whole last half of her math: bring on tomorrows quizz!    not
"long day   i knew today was gonna stink a big one   but it's always worse than you think  oh well, i've got people to rely on, those who make it better "
"went to terricks today, ate pizza, played tag with him and his sisters, and watched christmas charole  love you hun  smile   love "
"haven't been sledding in an eternity, even it i went down once on a sled and once rolling bare  playful  had an epic snowball war with terrick and his awesome friends, then spent five hours having a kill <propmale> marathon  successfulu ritcious day  check!  laugh "
snoooowwowowwwwww!
if your job was to think no one would higher you    feel proud
was accepted into uw- stout last night
can't wate to watch you play guitar tonight!
"<propmale>, ur a mexican burrito!!! lol, great party jessie: happy birthday!"
<propmale> <propmale> is a god!
apartment? sounds lovely  smile 
do you really want that?
"thanks to everyone for all the creative, sentimental and beautiful gifts! have a <propfemale> holiday! lovya all!"
"is listening to fiddler on the roof christmas eve   i   you know what, never mind, i'll just drop it  playful "
"u've memorized my phone number!!!  smile  my god, i love you "
i miss you
every time you say spice i want to shout and everything nice!  wink 
i wonder if there are people that have last names without vowls in them   
now offically owns her first real pare of converse  laugh 
"i do not have a stub fedish! lol, nope, nope, nope!"
"tea for the tillerman, you are a minute long cat stevens song, and i could listen the he'll outta you all day long!"
really?! and now the texting thing? this is endless guys!
"shouldn't i feel joy? elation? at least happiness coupled w  excitment none of these emotions welcome me  i am plagued by all their evil siblings  fear, regret, sorrow, pain "
"catwalk kiss, checked off my list "
just bought the cutiest shirt-skirt combo <propfemale>!
"re-stringing my guitar, helping my mom with christmas decorations, making cheese raviolies   i love being with you in my house  smile   love "
i remember that non existent word i've been trying to remember sense newyears! dramotional! i'm totally gonna start using that on a regular basis!
he would never ask me to choose 
"use to be afraid of changing, but am starting to realize that it's inevitable, that it's happening already, and that i'm loving it  theres so much power to a new you "
"accepted to twin cities! i'm gonna take a bite outta life, dive ito the unknown and just go for it! i'm soooo excited now!"
accepted to la crosse  smile     don't know where to go  smile 
"partied with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, boabi and xu  had an awesome time with terrick and his family then had a great time at meave's b-day party, got to see alumni and techi friends  got my fafsa and housing started today and worked on my trig final notes   smile "
turns out old school headphones make great earmuffs  laugh 
"last day in physics tomorrow, can someone say pure joy!"
"if my ipod caunks out again   i just might <propmale> it against a wall! had fun at <propmale>'s pizza with terrick, tiannah, <propmale>, and <propfirst>!"
skiing in -21* weather  smile 
"i've been feezing all day, and how's when the waterheater tanks! oh <propfemale> and ur ironies   "
as <propfirst> would say: yeah pink eye 
"r u kidding! i had this  piece of music on rush order and it was suppose to be here friday  it's monday, i go to pick it up and it's not there! what is the packaging shipping world coming too!?"
"bord and need something to do after school today? there's a mural going up in the special <propmale>  room right after school  feel free to pop in a little late, bring paint clothes  it's fun, it's free, it's fantastic!"
"\life is one big stomp\"""""
mural club went great yesterday! i'm so excited to paint!
"back from mitchgan had a <propmale> to board again for the first time in a year or so, felt great to be back on the hill with my family! happy birthday dad! [oh and syd shout out to you too, happy belated b-day!]"
"calm easy tech, yay world map the size of a small car! ps: how do you tag people in status updates?"
"my orange juice taste like nail polish allyie <propfemale> wickert lol, lovya girl!"
thank you spontaneous mother for randomly taking me to khole's and helping me find an awesome dress in 20 minutes flat!
mural done! a bitter sweet conclusion!
party!!!!!!
can't wait for people to get here!
"had so much fun with terrick, <propfemale> hood <propfemale> czappa xu la <propfemale> baobi <propfemale> allyie <propfemale> wickert <propfemale> gebert stevi <propmale> parmentier <propmale> carmona delgado <propfirst> mauthe i love partying with u guys!"
like flies to a light   
who ever invented rag curls is deff my hero 
children's theater was an amazing e playful erience: bitter sweet moment to realize it's now over 
the pictures are comming the pictures are comming!
moag!
"my pysc book just compared sex to sneezing, lols "
i'm afraid to be an artist 
finally got those pics up!
"hates being sick! hope chicken noodle soup, orange juice, and the <propfemale> bride will cure all "
http annoyed  www insideoutproject net 
"voice?! voice!? i seem to have misplaced my voice    \poopsicles   i think i'm gonna need that today   "
wandering minds draw <propmale> daydreams   
tech-ing with terrick is on my top 5 list of funnest things ever!
"ate lunch at telulah park with terrick down by the old railroad tracks, we stopped at the library and rented movies  i love simple days  smile "
watched over an hour of thrid rock from the sun  smile 
you bs that paper! do you what you do best!
dear snow    i have to bike to school with you for the next week! you suck   that is all 
<propmale> ulbrich was my best friend in kindergarden  i was going through old stuff and found a picture of him from an eternity ago  i'd completely forgotten 
clue  smile 
had a kick but night! talk about 'life scaring' movies! lol
sals pizza +'coolio friends + cute boyfriend = awesomeness!
"fell asleep with a billion rags in her hair, i hope these curls turn out today  smile "
<propfemale> spent the night at terrick's last night   insert playfully jeallous emotocon!
failed epically at a spelling turbo twister leapfrog leaning game  go me   
"awesome night galactic bowling with baobi, <propfemale>, <propmale>, stevei, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!"
it's just a harmless game of fox and wolf   
there are two types of women in this world: the strong and the stronger 
has strong people in her family  so happy everything is good now 
duck and cover!
"four tech nights left? piffff, we can get it done, technicians unite!"
feeling akward without you   can't wait to you get back tonight
just deleated about 100 people from my friends list
shorts shoping today   ironically it snowed this weekend   
"no, all u people r crazy, it's friday, not monday"
"the show lives on  you guys, you've changed my life  i've never felt so good about myself as when i'm around my tech family  you all will always be a part of my life "
happy mother's day!
man can't make a flea out of thin air   that didn't deter him from making god(s)
"love's going to concerts  played in the orchestra one two thursday's ago, went to the band concert this thursday(?) went to <propfirst>'s symphonic concert at lawurence, and went to terrick's recital in harpper hall  can't wait for commencement!"
"i had great time at the banquet! everyone looked beautiful and had a fantastic time   \i'm gonna miss everyone so much "
"dear tech, you hurt my toe   but i still love you "
"   mmmm <propfemale> ice-cream mocha  mmmmmm   lounging with terrick, yeah relaxing, tasty,  night "
"prom and commencment in the same weekend! hells to the yeah! oh, did i mention it's suppose to be the end of the world today! go myan calender and ur silly legends!"
best  night  ever 
so glad my family came to the commencment concert it means the world to me! <propfirst> mccarthey <propfemale> mccarthey <propfirst> mccarthey <propmale> carmona delgado <propmale> snow graves
can someone please shoot my math final?
dropped 50 at the mall   yeah that so should'a went in the bank   bit i totally got some smokin' hot dresses!
today was nice  pointless schoolwise but   yeah   really nice
servived high school  smile 
officially an alimni!
skappleton was super fun! thanks to everyone who invited me and made me feel welcome!
"loves storm watching, and her little sister  smile "
"wrote my first song, lyrics and tabs"
"did i mention stevi's bondfire party totally rocked? cause it did, totally!"
<propfirst>'s grad party was fun! i love haning out with my cousins! then i came home and got to watch terrick's band play   i'm such a sucker for a guy with a bass guitar!
"las vagas here i come! be back monday, cya!"
back in appleton!
left my camera in granma's bag! shucky darns!
heading out to summerfest tomorrow morning! can't wait to see <propfirst> <propfirst> in person!
<propfirst> <propfirst> + new blood orchestra= mind blown!
"back from the cabin: burnt, sore, and happy as a clam  smile  [ <propfirst> mccarthey <propfemale> mccarthey ]"
   so friday   some creep offered terrick and i drugs   
"random asian business man got arested in my front yard   wish i was kidding, lol"
eating and drinking a ton (of water) so i don't pass out donating blood today  troubled 
"thanks everyone for he birthday wishes! i'll see a bunch of you tomorrow and i can't wait! btw: bought a lighter and lottery tickets today \hot diggity dog\""!"""
"srry for the delayed responce, but to everyone who came to my grad party, thank you so much for giving me a wonderful send off!"
just got back from my two day orientaiton @ u of m! feeling tons better about next year and picked out so awesome classes!
save the enviornment (shower with a friend)  laugh 
"and thus, <propmale> potter pictures invated facebook"
just won 60 dollars in the lottery! hoot yeah!
rip cfom ur last show was awesome!
"finally home from big bay! <propmale> jumping was a plast, and i'm deff gonna miss those <propfirst> white beaches!"
just spent over two hours writing thank you cards  joyful 
just found a rasin in my peanutbutter   and i'm not eating rasins   
turns out that raisin was just dry jelly  joyful 
had an awesome time yesterday at <propfemale>'s and <propfemale>'s grad party  smile 
"loves her guitar lessons, thinks her teacher is epic at this job, and wi fully admit to referring to her guitar as \baby\"""""
dear wacky legal system: i can't do the dance with no pants with this charming young man (@zeeke payne) but i could with a forty year old creep  laws are pathetically messed  sincerely: horny fresh young adult 
"had a fantstic day  ran at seven am  started a color grid with her knew acrylics  spent some quality time with zeeke payne  wink  chilled by the river and <propfemale>, then capped it all off with the wonderfuly <propfemale> farin at half price books! loveya guys!"
awsome party <propmale> farin i had a spectaular time!
"yep, it's official, i love my new bike  smile "
"yesterday, a random guy on a bicylce gave terrick and i free <propfirst> johns  smile "
"has to cut up banana's before she can eat them, otherwise, she can't stop laughing  joyful "
"if <propfirst> hendrix can make a dancing white girl feel cool, he must have magical powers  joyful "
giving a shout out to the world from my new computer!
had a fantastic time at stevi <propmale> parmentier's grad party!
funny how we met twice today and they didn't even know   
turns out i saw everyone today lol <propfemale> smith <propfemale> hood zeeke payne <propfemale> conklin yeng <propfemale> <propfirst> auden <propfemale> clarke i wan't even planning to leave the house today lol
needs to name her guitar  it's a fadded rippling blackish green and i sometimes call her baby   any ideas?
forgot she wanted to see everyone at dance camp (fml)  sad 
you can always tell it's late in the summer  when you're spending more time on facebook than you do on sleep    
god i love pinback
it was both nice and sad to be back in theator  break a leg to all those getting ready for susical  smile 
had a fantastic time with zeeke payne  smile 
"katie: \is this show from the u k ?\""\",1f48a7181513b4a0587b8b9dcc00e9e8,can't wait to have a great date with zeeke payne!
"boy, you are magic  a night like that, is my definition of freedom "
sing us a song you're the piano man   
had a fantastic time at <propfemale> juzenas birthday party! happy 19th birthday girl!
just had my last guitar lesson with david: one of the best mentors teachers i've ever had   i'll miss my lessons so badly   
and i suddenly have a bunch of stuff to do!
"personal reminder: milo82198 city born in? [appleton] yeah anyone reading this, dont' even ask me why   i just need to leave myself this reminder note and wasn't sure how else to do it   "
personal reminder: august 30th promptly at 10am at the pioneer hall dining room
i love ponies and rambos and sdkjngdkjnbsfdikfrjubnsr;bjtu blah blah blah
"love is letting go: when the person you care about needs it the most  have an adventure in my absence, i'll be waiting to swap stories and shares lives "
offically moved into my dorm! it's amazing how quick everything feels like home!
"spent over an hour looking for water, so i could look for a key, so i could look for a kitchen to try to make tea   and then concluded this helarious catastraphy by burning my hand  spectcular fail <propfemale>!"
picked out about half my textbooks and met an amazing new friend!
just got home from the craziest target run of my life!
"got over my public workout fear by using the rec center today, deff worked up a <propmale> sweat! also saw a black guy with an english accent today: totally love my knew school  oh and yeah: came to the realizaion that i'm offically part of a giamongo cult! and i'm loving it!"
's frig hasn't worked sence when she bought it four days ago: can anyone say spoild milk!
"seminar seminar seminar yeah, and class hasn't even started yet, lol"
"there was free <propmale> materials out at a gopher's after dark p<propmale>y tonight, so i grabbed everything and broke off into that familiar trance  peopled stayed to watch me work, they st<propmale>ed taking pictures, and asked for my contact information so they could commition peices from me  what these stranger's didn't know was that their support got me out of a self-haiting rutt and made me feel like anything is possible   smile "
going off to mall of <propfemale> to see the sea life aquatic center: <propfirst> and i are going to sketch the animals  smile 
my arm won't stop spazing   
no more freshmen orientation! yeah whoot whoot!
really <propfemale>?! is there no end to your imature indecision   
just tried ballroom dancing for the first time  smile 
we'll i'm off to my bio lab! cya 'round noon  smile 
has a class in the football stadium tomorrow   yeah did i mention i have no idea how that's suppose to work? lol
"has a m-w lecture with 400+ kids  joyful , discovered that food is like currency in a dorm  playful , and accidentally took a vegan wheat sandwitch for lunch  sad "
peace
"got a functinoing frig, fixed my broken e-book, got two job interviews (yudolf costodial and a coffman audio visiual tech) and managed to take two delishious naps in the last two days  smile "
kix's cheese and chocolate pudding: breakfast of champians lol
got a letter from stevi today and almost cried i miss her so much!
twilight is not english lexutre maturial u dunce in the back row!
hates it when fb tweeks out at really important moments in a convorsation
feels a lot like <propmale> farve right now   
so   this nine o'clock lab is actually an eight o'clock lab    brilliant
had my interview for the a v tech job! hope <propfirst> and <propfirst> liked me!
got ur note allyie <propfemale> wickert and i totally love you for it!
"zipping in and out of scampering campus goers my bikes travels a million times the speed of light, and ignoring their overmature yellps, i imagin i'm a starwars strom trooper! \omg <propfemale> ur such a dork!"
"well, at least he told me i was cute?"
"one tangent of a day: spirital talk with <propfirst> at smith hall, then hard times cafe, met a guy name carn who took me to mapps where i met deven and <propmale> (?) then sex world with <propfirst> and <propfirst>antha checked out the mississippii river and have breakfest for dinner at <propfirst>'s house  yeah randomly good day!"
"yeah, if you have a dream like that the day after you meet a girl, you deff don't tell her, it's like a ten on the creep scale"
"dear sober people, you were a rare commodity at today's football game, never the less, i love your soberness  sincerely <propfemale>"
"aparently fait didn't want me to go to that party, tangents led me to playing pool in the centen basement with the rotc unit  totally awesome way to end a night!"
sunday loaded with homework    at least friday and saturday was a svweet time!
"for all you people who don't think you deserve happiness: the best way to earn it, is to make it "
"no please mr  police officer! don't impound my bike! i promise, i'll never lock it there again!"
"hello? i'd like to get my hair cut!\-_- this is a barbershop mam"
"family photo came in the mail! plus i finally got my hair cut, got a totally awesome u of m sweatshirt, and got a privet tour of an old movie theater turned music venu! got busy sketching in dinky town then went to a house gathering for the big ban premier! love my life!"
"yum, boy ur pretty fine! why don'tya come into this dorm o' mine  smile "
soooo   being in an orange onezie    and running down dorm halls    and sober lol
just played zombie appoclypse with centen on the super block!
quit cold turkey   took over a month to finally let you go 
homework party in my room   all my hallmates working away diligently   and i'm on fb lol
missing the starlight   
