c598e62eb9b9ede2590e0815a603816f
getting ready for tonight  
hanging out  
bored   work tomorrow 
long day    sleepy 
little things in life make me laugh the hardest 
trying not to fall asleep  it's not even 10pm yet  wtf  
eating sweet and sour chicken    smile 
"at work, not a busy day  annoyed "
it's too cold outside!
tired   work tomorrow   playful 
had a bad day   getting shwasted  
 smile 
finally going to sleep even though its almost 4am 
watching the snow acting insane outside  
snow  
"probably going to sleep early tonight, i don't want to sleep half the day away again "
yawn  
at my grams for the superbowl   smile 
"at work, so tired from the weekend   annoyed "
going to get my hair cut  
"hit my foot on the steps, now my pinky toe feels like mush and hurts  i feel like i broke it   annoyed "
tired  
doing laundry  
"i was just on chatroulette, it's discusting!!  annoyed "
watching the jersey shore marathon!  smile 
"watching the olympics,  smile "
working on my <propmale> paper  ugh 
"oh my god, 2am and can't sleep   annoyed "
"this is a waste of time, working on my <propmale> paper  "
busted and broke-down :<
ready to just say eff it to this whole <propmale> paper!!
snow!!!   smile 
pissed!! i hate you 
in more of a happy mood now!  playful 
"thankfully i have amazing friends to pull me back up thru anything - <propfemale> spyker , your awesome!  wink "
facebook is boring me at the moment so i think i'll go outside a stick my head in the snow to celebrate kwanzaa 
i want to actually get some sleep tonight so im taking enough tylenol pm to knock out an elephant  
sleep  goodnight  smile 
"feel down the stairs, now my ankle is twisted and my leg is bruised  hooray   annoyed "
stayed up all night working my paper  annoyed 
"stayed up all night working on my paper only to find out school is closed!!! oh well, i'll sleep now "
"my sleeping habbits are messed up, i have to take two tylenol pm and two benadrly just to get to sleep "
"birthday next week, 17, although i wish i was 15 again  playful "
can't sleep again  annoyed 
"oh, it's my birthday  what am i getting for a gift?       a <propmale> from the insurance for the accident that i got into this morning, hooray   sad "
sad  sad 
can't wait for the weekend; birthday weekend = partying non stop  smile 
had a good birthday weekend!!   smile 
"just woke up from a weird dream, that seemed so realistic :b"
"just dyed my hair, and i must say i do like it   smile "
got home finally from going up to cabela's and bass pro shop and ate at the cracker barrel :b
"eating a stromboli, yum  smile "
i forgot to wear green today  sad 
ke$ha on american idol?
"ke$ha's performance was cool, too bad she had to change most of the song   annoyed "
"4 surprise 0 cannot get here soon enough, work is going so slow today  "
i want a sheetz iced coffee!  smile 
"i guess i should go to bed, work tomorrow  annoyed "
the most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet 
"still up, after 2am  buying itunes, lol"
gonna try the sleep thing again  :i
feeling sick fom all the chinesse food i ate  annoyed 
sick  annoyed 
<propmale> and i are setting up the ps3!  smile 
"i missed supernatural,  sad "
my cat caught a baby chipmunk   :{
"easter yay, tonight it's the club   smile "
having some drinks  praise the lord   smile 
i have sunburn <propfemale> bad!!
it feels amazing outside   smile 
got to spend most of the day outside    laugh 
i can feel the heat radiating off me    annoyed   i hate sunburn!
"at work, appt  at 2; getting a shot  ; "
"pssa tomorrow then going back to work,  annoyed "
going to bed  long day tomorrow 
fell out of a tree   annoyed 
just got home from seeing clash of the titans  it was good 
i like the rain 
"watching team <propfemale>, and trying to fall asleep "
watching avatar 
really liking my imac    smile 
bed time  ;}
lol  smile 
"wow, after 5 and im still awake    insomniac?  yeah  annoyed "",2010-05-29 09:12:57""",c598e62eb9b9ede2590e0815a603816f,sitting outside watching the lightning 
leaving for ocean city tomorrow morning 
those who criticize our generation forget who raised it 
should be a good day at work  no sleep and still sick    indecision 
love me or hate me - i swear it's not going to make me or break me 
"had a great 18th birthday! thanks again mom for the macbook pro, amazing gift!!  ( wende glenny )"
