5fb4483cb113164f5e298389586bd530
^<2011>^ lets make it a good one
"needa find a ride to work tomorrow bout to crash in a few, something on my mnd gotta think shit over"
"there is nothing better than good weather, meat cookin on da grill, family, and cold beer      fuck yeah"
"got a day off tomorrow, gonna go clubin tonight and get fucked uuup, yeah <propmale>"
i got me a shiney <propfemale>
"workin doubles for the weekend, still goin out on sat  though  club chrome get 'em"
5 dollar spot today baller   i'll see yall there
getting my college application done
works a bitch!! have to do 38 hours in three days
"last night was a trip, don't know whats poppin tonight"
mahn i am just frustrated with these fake ass bitches n the world
"work today till 9, after wards it's what ever  prolly gonna go out n chill with da people, get drunk"
<propfemale> & ashums are the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit!!!! wooooo!
lol my homegirls are funny
day off ttime to kick it
"gonna go make some quik money, yall hit me up round 4 if ya talkin bout chillin"
got an idea? don't know if ishould but i got an idea
bad idea but ima be happy
"mayn my boi <propfirst> thowin a party next friday (da 9th), keg, bottles, <propfemale>    snacks? haaa let me kno we gonna do it big"
my stomach hurts
4th of july time to bar-b-que n all     goot a new phone so yall hit me up with a name and number 210-273-5158
hurt my fuckin back
"chillin, gotta go to sac tomorrow"
"chillaxin, kicking it"
"tierd, working 9 to 3"
"big party tomorrow  all girls are cool, men well pay at door unless contributing, erthing starts at 10  hit me up for info"
it's goin down tonight
"heading to work, textin with <propfemale>"
at work
work
chillin at <propmale> millers munchin !!!
off work gonna go home and chill
"work all day, sleep  all nigt"
"tryna clean up, but its a slow process"
cleansing
chillin bro
life?
your such a effin luuser
"some people just dont set any standards, and some just dont see what they got o have    i do both"
"at da clinic, might need some stiches"
port aransas in 2weeks
enjoying a beast ass breafast crossant before work
ready to get off work n chill
workin and getting paid
"finished  at sac, bout get on some pollo loco"
you be up on erthing other hoes ain't ever on it
i think i done fucked up
"college, ell yea!!! im doin it"
sleep-work-sleep    that's my schedule for the weekend
court today
"<propfemale> sea, then home"
loving my life right now hahahaaa
do work baby!! all day sohn!! 6flagin
no mas aqui pasando el tiempo
"clean   no weed, no cigs, no drugs    cutting the alcohol"
"gonna hit the work out, eat, then the  mall"
"nothing really as it seems, yeah i shouldve known that  thought i called an angel, devils had my phone tapped"
"confused on a certain subject, don't kno bout it to much"
???
getting my head correct
this shit was all i knew
"i good bein 1deep and these girls be liking a meskin, but mayn what's up with her, she just cut yur boy off??"
7days till first day of college
im bored
"goin to work all day today, 9 to 11"
break tyme
"back on, workin till 11"
"working on the car for a minute,,, hit a meskin up"
mayn school starts on monday! i needa hit the bunny-room n get throed this friday
"trying to be better for me, them, and you   "
"just finished cleaning the car, bout to hit the bank"
"lol courage the cowardly dog and chowder all day, chillin with my people later"
i hungry
"needa find a ride to like chuy's or salsalitos, ihungry"
"motivated for greatness, ambitious to succeed, determined to accomplish    i will proceed to leave an impression on this world so that i am never forgotten "
"off at eleven, ready for school tomorrow"
"first day of college goin good, so far  goin to spanish now"
"already got my text book, payed part of my tuition , now to figure out how im gettin to sac tomorrow"
"college is goin good  so far, just need to make sure evrythinng gettin paid for"
wtf where did this rain come from no where
"out off kickboxing now headin to s\\panish class    feeling good doin good"
"where are all my people at, no1 hits a meskin up nemore"
"mayn fuck my car, its a waist of money mahn  i need to sell it n get myself a truck"
"at last time to get home, work at five"
work till 11 tonight
clean-up my act write a few violent song but they wavk like <propmale> rice with new balance on    sober life is fuckin wack
i got a puppy
pit-huahua
"brass monkey, that funky monkey"
bout to give my puppy a bath
my puppy better  than yours hahahaaaaa
"named my puppy rascal, my lil s a  gettin dewormed"
"heading to school, up a lil to early but i got tacos"
"headinborn back to da crib, can't wait to see how much rascal shit in my room >:{"
free pitbull chihuahua puppies lookin for homes
mayn!!! bout to be 20years old  thinkin bout throwing myself  a badass party like in the past but shit    im gonna be the only 1 sober
classes got cancled
"got math next, i need like a cup of coffee, a monster, some aderal and a line    i'm tired bro"
"we thinkin river, barbque, n party this monday for my birthday"
bar-b-que
"workin all day redy to go home, got 3 more hours    gonna chill for tonight"
outta work gonna go buy some supplies for tomorrow
"gotta work till 3, then of to culebra meat market and get the grill started"
goin to the heb store for some grocery
found something    hhmm
"thank you everybody for makin today so good, really enjoyd my bday and thank ya'll for showing me love"
"mayn this is some bullshit, ima have to catch the via in the rain"
"mayn fuck this rain,  i got fuckin soaked"
so i have a hour to burn so i'ma go donate blood for a shirt lol    gotta go get my puppy his shots today
holy shit! 4th kind just tripped me out    life will not be da same
maury or chowder?? what to watch lol
"wtf!!! they're makin a yogi bear movie, ahh ell yea lol"
"so i'm the fake shyste punk huh, how bout <propfemale> i had to get your back back when, how bout when you got in my face but backdown when i got hype  i swear these peons need a lesson taught to em, or maybe they just need to remember who's real n who's fake"
aa class is some funny shit
"ran into some pictures that had me thinkin a lot, just took a minute to sit down and remines    mexico, middle school, my lil bro n sis    new ohleans  ah funny thinking bout the bs i seen"
mayn usher got em! lol
"if being a scrub is the new cool, well i guess i'm just  luuser"
"i don't need no friends, i don't need no brawd    i can do bad on my own"
feels like my mind is playing tricks on me
"see it, want it, buy it, own it    this is the i ball"
college made meskin
i just hope that you miss me when ever i'm gone
"i wanna send a mad kill yourself to all the peole that don't hit me up anymore just because i don't be buying beer for yall or drinking with yall    no need to mention names, weak people kno they wrong"
"i wanna send a kill yourself to these guy's tongue-kissing stripper, kill yourself"
kill yourself!! lol
"got a new bed, who wanna  come check it out"
"do work baby!! all day baby, all day!!"
"out of school, time for work"
my car is shit    ima get me a truck
coach done got em!!!! haaa
"fuck that ranch party, i'm a go party hoppin with my  girls"
am i the only 1 up this early
"got class at lakeview today, then gotta call the recruiting office  afterwards got some money to be made"
chillin gettin tipsy haa nigguh to early for thish but fuck it    money
boh-bob-bobby bushay
sushi go hard    gotta get back to da crib cold outside
"clases at sac today, the weather goin hard"
"stay up ut, every1 going there keep your heads up n be safe  god will be there for yall"
hooka bar
"chillin like a mug, no work no school, gonna go hard on em today"
chillin with my dog
mayn im a be late for class
"mayn ya boi almost missed his bus, lol chased this mufycka down to the next stop haa straight chopped it n caught it lol"
sleep
"my puppy chewd up my phone charger, no phone until i get a new 1"
yea <propmale> got a new charger phone back on
tierd need some sleeps
"today was  good day, on the real    chilled with my people n my puppy, good weather, super nachos(ell yeah), n basketball    mayne!!! to good to be true"
tacos then off to my last class
"if crunk was a  44, id be a pump    yeah they mad cause im on my own agenda, but i say fuck'em"
my soul is on firyaaaaa
"walking my dog, watching the lightning"
you better stop talkin before you get  drop-kicked in the chest and stomped in the nuts hoe
mayne i hate thursdays  but i love cheddar bacon wedges from jac-n-box 
class     
"mayne i need some sleeps, for real"
power nap and then gonna finish this double
gonna give the pup a bath n  clean the room
"yea im dog, but shit dog's get lonely too    and although im gettin me im still tryna find her, ya dig"
"dear lord oh jesus, please protect and care for <propfemale>, <propfemale>, n the children"
"mayn what's good with everybody who wanna get down on some sports next week, basketball, football, kickball, n baseball next week? holla at me, tryna get like the whole northeast  together"
feels like time is slipping away
"you're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got (sex) sexy lady drive me crazy, drive me wild   \ (and i just can't believe this shit)"
"we don't have to worry bout the money, to have us a real good time  if your cool then i'm cool, and we're cool"
midnight dig walking
"gonna shower, power-nap, then go out later"
zro or drake?
"ok ok ok, popeyes or church's chicken"
"we are built to conquer environment, solve problems, and achieve goals    we will find no satisfaction or happiness in life with out obstacles to conquer or goals to achieve"
got punched in the nose by some chick lol fuck that hoe
gotta do community  service at animal defense  league
"i love haters, they make me look better with they bitchin"
serving the community    4 more hours
"bout to open a can of whoop-ass on your candyass jabroni, i am the peoples champ"
i smell success
"fuck mayn, rangers mahn   rangers"
"smelling success, taking in the <propfemale>, shittin pefection"
"i gave a homeless guy a 20, told em to go buy beer n have a good day    he bought a chicken sandwich smh"
"time to do work baby, yall hit me up later"
"lost my heart in louisiana, sold my soul in texas, found my head back home but no love for a meskin"
what's goin down tonight facebook
i think outside da box
i ain't hearin' nun of that
"what type of games is being played, hows it goin down? if it's on till it's gone, then i got to know now  is you with me or whar?"
"i'd like to send out a\kill yourself\"" to the world  world kill yourself"""
on the real sometimes i think im goin crazy   
"getting to class, then to the recruiting office, make some side money, n kick it with my girls    world kill yourself"
12:45 bout that time   this shit crazy   lose my mind
"12:45 bout that time   this shit crazy, lose my mind"
"good morning everybody, ya'll have good day mayne"
i think ima need 2cans of whoop-ass for this one
"always wondered what e playful ensive champagne bout, so ima go get  me  a bottle o 2, se what's up"
milk n cookies?? i want  some stake n shrimp! this ish not satisfying
"i love girls, girls, girls, girls  girls i do adore, so put your number on this paper cuz i'd sure loved to date ya"
"jerkin?? look a bit like retardation, that o i don't get it    nuck it though im good with bein an asshole"
lol i don't kno how but big red n peanuts got rid of my hangover
pacquiao vs  <propmale>
"mayne <propmale>!?! manny done got em     pacquiao a beast, had to watch the fight on the internet at home but glad i got to watch it  shout out for my <propmale> fans"
you ain't gotta lie to kick it booboo
"ya'll don't understand, i ain't scared of you mufuckas   "
attention females looking for work! we are hiring at la <propfemale> off 281 &1604
"girls lookin for work go apply at la <propfemale> in northwoods, we're hiring"
"complement the women around you more, low self-esteem is the lead cause of hoedom    i see it all the time    but no really compliment them, most females deserve to feel good about themselves"
"made some sweat tea, got a big cup, gave my pup a scoop of peanut butter, went outside n just chilled    taken time to enjoy the lil things can be more productive than watchin tv or bsin with everybody "
"takin' trips, and buyin' gifts, i'm sorry i'm not on that tip\if you want romance you should just stick to who you are already with\if you in that mood you can hit me on that late night tip"
sleeps
yeah i go hard
"working all day baby, all day!! chingao"
"good morning everybody, yall have a good day naw"
"got my work out done, liking the results  week 3 abs gettin more define n arms n chest seem slightly larger, sore as ell though"
body is worn out time for some rest
good moning everybody    why dont you make someones day n complement somebody 
bout to get some shoes
no work tilll sat
food!!!!
"do not seek the cause, you will die seeking the cuase, die seeking the cuase not knowing that the cuase is you   "
"good weather n sweet tea, \like\"" this if you can dig"""
writing
"i'm supposed to stop but i can't (uh-huh) i'ma dog (yea!), i love    n im addicted to money cars n clothes"
i just want the paper
to get on your level? i'd need to step down more than a few steps  if anything you should be on my level    i'm just sayin though lol
"the absence of evidence, is not the evidence of absence"
"wish i could go back in time n enjoy they're company again  friends that are gone, friends that have moved, n firends that have moved on"
is it cartoon day or what??? why is everybody putting cartoons as there defualts???
"alright this cartoon started something, looney tunes or disney tunes???"
out my face
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb til monday, dec  6  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
run with it or fall behind
no need to stress
"what if heaven was hell n vice versa?(yeahh!!) if i told you to go to ell, would you say that i cursed ya?"
needa sleep got finals tomorrow
good mornin everybody  it's cold outside
taking my finals today then go do something prolly hit da mall
i think i compliment these females too much    lol they kno they enjoy it though
hold em up whats with this number thing??
girl the back of your head is ridiculous!
i believe the lords most beautiful creation is the human female body    in most cases (not tryna be mean) lol
already!! done with all my finals
my puppy lost his first milk tooth(baby tooth)
haaduuken!!
"nothing <propfemale>t through today, i hate <propfemale> plans don't follow through, got some new shoes though"
"hop up out of bed, turn the light on  take a look at the toilet, take a pee  yeeahh!!!"
"im not conceited, im confident  not emotional,  passionate  give more than i take, love more than i hate  smile now cry later  shawty love me now hate me later"
i do me no matter n whenever
"hate me now, you kno what go ahead and hate me twice"
ginobili!!! got em again?? ell yea!!
"i don't kno bout yall  but i like bein original, ya dig"
"last night was fun with da fam   congrats to my sis and bro-in-law <propfemale> and <propfirst> ardila, yalls weding went hard lol"
buuuuurrrrrr!!!
"if i was pookie, id help you burn this mutherf**ker down"
"sometimes you just gotta wait for it, instead of tryna rush everything, ya dig"
having myself a blue christmas
"sometimes it feels like i need a superwoman to help me save myself from  myself  to help a dude correct himself, ya kno    sometimes life just seems like it would be better if you had a partner, ya dig"
"alright hypothetically, who would you fight? who would you f**k? koolaid or sweet tea??"
"bout to get cut up  get a fresh fade goin, then money time, uh ya dig"
bdough get em!!
"jaa my lil primo from mexico, no speak english, lol likes the song \slob on my nob\"" lmao"""
its like a pancake wrapd around a sausage link playuur  its a breakfast corndog and they go hard!! go get you some balluur they're only a $1 for 2 at da heb 
"lol back to sleeps, every1 have a good morning ima sleep thru it for once"
"right mu'fucka, ikno you have that pic for the girls n all bro    but don't be sending a meskin a request with you in chones as a defualt  lol that ain't cool bro  i don't think any dude in da right mind could dig that  idc how good you kno em, that ish just ain't right   smdh"
hate it or love it  the underdog on top
"try n keep up, ya dig"
i ain't scared    plain n simple
bravo!!
"get da fade up, jog back to da crib, n then wait on <propfemale> n <propfemale>  money time is always now   "
burrr!!! lol <propfemale> outside
"\man i get so many girls in my bed they should call me bitches!\""    \""wtf?!? i ain't callin no grown man bitches! whats wrong with you\"""""
"taking the family dog to da vet here in a few, he isn't lookin to good"
"having to put him down wasn't a surprise, hearing the words hurt n threw me off  but what bothered me more was the fact that i couldn't  do more for him  i wish we were less negligent and treated him the way a family member should have been treated    i'm going to have our dog, trooper, put to sleep this wednesday   "
im just in it to win
throed off meskin swagger?? lol what yall  kno bout that
ny or da heat?? let me kno
"man i get so many girls in my bed they should call me bitches!\    \""wtf?!? i ain't callin no grown man bitches! whats wrong with you\"" lmao"""
a f*cking shark ate me!!!
the almighty moose!!!!
mayn!!! 50 piece mcnugget for $10 and big dipper pizza for $12 ?!? whats with these deals lol
ishit perfection
popeye the sailor mayyyn!!! lol
time for work    
chillin with da nephew bout to eat some macaroni and cheese with ham and pimparonie lol icook beastly
"gotta love da fam mahn   monterrey to the duece-dime all the way up to funkytown, we are connected, ya dig"
"fresh off work, idk what ima do tonight   "
damn son!! the house down the street burned down   got off work n there was like 3 fire trucks
"\lol you dumber than nails\""   \""like a hammer\""   ??? lol what??"""
"dvr baby!! cant watch the game today, cause you know some of us work for the money, so ima record that ish lol"
"watchin da cartoons n feasting on some peanut butter n oatmeal cookies sandwiches, with milk  bout to hit work up in a few"
time for work    bout to cook the f**k out some crepes and sandwiches!! bout to hit wally-world first get some juice
"yeah im pretty cool\ lol"
"4 words of wisdom for you midnight eaters or late night drunks, \bacon cheddar potato wedges\""    """
"\even if was jumped by abunch  of barbers i still couldn't be faded!!\"" bout to get fade up n hit da scene"""
"drinkin a bottle n bumpin some music, some project <propfirst> n three 6 mafia"
p w a
cutting down on e playful enses and planing out some moves
"i only eat the red crayons, cause they taste the best (yeah!!)    lmfao"
"good morning every one, hope ya'll have a great day  be productive and have some fun"
bout to see whats good with this security job tomorrow   today just chill n get my money booboo
"damn i just wreckd shop on some ihop! chicken fried steak mashtatoes n brocoli, banana strawberry pancakes, and a pickle!!!"
"im not good at bein normal, just can't do it   "
"extremely unnecessary, but completely worth it lol    i aint scared!!!"
"large 2topping pizza for $5 99, ell yeah"
\twisted off the urb," kush got me lefted like some hands up in church\"" - jayrock \"5fb4483cb113164f5e298389586bd530,"you don't understand, i ain't scared of you muf**kahs"
"i wish i could say all the right things, but that just aint me  annoyed "
"<propfirst> sheen is my boi, i dont care what they say    that dude go hawrd lol"
short cuts are for slackers
la t night was wild!! lol got throed  partied hard n i didn't even open my bottle! yeah!!!!l <propfemale>
bout to get me n my nephew faded up at rodneys
damn it got a double tomorrow     but at least i got some parties n things planndd out n all for da night
"wish we ould be there to welcome our new addition to the family    aubree <propfirst>, my new born neice"
"say who ever got da xbox live on 360 send me yalls name things, just copped me a membership thing"
\rock n roll ganstahh (rocknroll gangstah)\,5fb4483cb113164f5e298389586bd530,"f*ck all the rest man  i swang the <propfemale> toy, \i hate you jodi!!\"" watchin babyboy!!! -- lmao fat b go hawrd"""
you just a lil too special huh? lol
"bout to hit da pool, then nack to the damn fence"
"army maybe, navy probably   idk yet"
"<propfemale>, real people got it real talk    but of course theres a moment, limit, n line in which it well be lost   ignorance, everybody got it"
all that and a bottle of <propmale> p
"got a lot off love for ya, but sometimes the ish you say annoys me   "
