de7323117b8ba2e100ca19da5c1430ff
"is geared up for stillwell's shine fest!   and <propmale>, you will be pleased to know that i decided to take your advice about pitching a tent and camping all weekend--but not b c camping is practical, easy, and convenient, but b c it should strategically put "
"shinefest 2009 was awesome!!! not sure how he did it, but stillwell managed to make it even better than last year!   or maybe it was b c i was with such good company "
"whoo hoo!   headin to music city, usa this weekend!"
had an awesome time in nashville!
"taking a brief nap, then off to the gym and tanning-bed before working on some research "
"is thinking that it is an absolutely gorgeous saturday, but for some reason all i want to do is to chill-out w  my cat (<propmale>) and sleep! oh well, that's what summer is for i suppose "
"bhwc director interviews, mexican food and margaritas, and then the gym   it is definitely going to be a good day!!!"
"is gonna need a bottle of wine, a bottle of rum, and a few <propmale> jars of moonshine just to make it through the end of this week! (and this is not including what mm and i are gonna need to make it through sat )"
whoo hoo!   i'm an aunt!!!
sushi w  <propfemale> at 7:15  yum!
cannot seem to stop laughing and smiling today   must be something in the air water!
"could really use a secretary   oh wait, i have michael--my humble servant--miesner for that "
"is thinking that a clinical psychology phd program is like \graduate school on steroids\"" """
is doing absolutely nothing at the moment 
the single most remarkable fact about human existence is how hard it is for people to be happy   
go titans!!!!!!
"is trying to get to the gym, take a shower, hit a couple of different stores, and get to <propfemale>'s by 4pm to cut-up fruit and party   and i'm already running waaaaay behind!"
"promised myself i would go to the gym today, but i'm not so sure that's going to happen after last nights--not getting home til 5 surprise 0am--halloween fun "
thanks to our veterans!!!
"if you and i woke up in jail together, using only 4 words, tell me what you would say to me  copy and paste to your status and see what replies you get!"
"only 2 more days till a much needed thanksgiving break! the best part is, all my christmas decorations are already up (thanks to <propmale>), so i can enjoy them over the break!"
"only 1 more day until i get to head home to sylva, nc!!! whoo hooo!"
weather forecast for <propmale> city:  4 more inches of snow e playful ected by thursday night!
i sure hope we get all that snow their predicting tonight   
i get slightly disgusted (and feel the need to roll my eyes) when people write 'lovey dovey' crap about their significant other(s) as their facebook status  really?    
"\i'd rather be in carolina   \"""""
wednesday afternoon can't get here soon enough!
looking like a good night for some front porch sittin 
thanks to everyone for the awesome and amazing birthday wishes!!!
"a little disappointed that <propmale> didn't win entertainer of the year at the acms, but he still looked good "
so tired of looking at community assessment grant stuff   
"mexican food, margaritas, <propfirst>, and mfm   going to be lots of much needed laughs!"
is looking forward to the <propmale> stillwell show tonight at 9 surprise 0 in nashville!
camping    
5 days til shinefest   and i'm already pumped and making plans!
"although i had a few accomodation issues w shinefest, things are figured out now (thanks to a great friend in bryson city, nc) and i am still excited about the event!"
shinefest 2010!
presenting at the international society of traumatic stress studies (istss) in canada on thursday  should be exciting!
i am two fist-pumping excited about seeing <propfirst> tomorrow!!
thanks to everyone for the sweet 'happy birthday' wishes!!!
looking forward to the awesome weekend i'm about to have with <propfirst> parris!
"heading to fontana, nc and shinefest 2011 this afternoon!"
