334fa53b53de0278ceb345a158de66e7
it's official!  i'm done at uis   i have my ba with summa cum laude honors   that sounds dirty 
i'm bored at the skate shop   someone come buy something!  if anyone has taxes to do and is a cheapasss like me who doesn't want to pay anyone to do them check out freetaxusa com   word 
infest discography cd is coming out soon    this makes me very happy   the thrash gods are smiling upon us 
"bought the penetration \live demos\"" lp today   good stuff """
the world could use more d-beat 
sinus troubles + coffee withdrawals + not enough sleep + work = not cool 
needs to stop buying crap and start selling stuff   anyone out there want to buy some stuff?
my trip to minneapolis can't get here soon enough!
feels like dirt   going to see the doctor person soon 
severe sinus infections can suck it!
my computer is dead  this upsets me greatly  luckily i had everything backed up  r i p  2002-2010   it lived a good life 
printing these shirts is kicking my ass!
feelin good for the first time in a week!  being sick is lame-o to the <propmale>!
it's 6:45  time to go garage salin'!
"working the sign shop today  had to make some \no skateboarding\"" signs  i feel so dirty now  gave my boss a lot of shit for it though """
so many haters 
leave for minn  this saturday!  wish i was leaving right now 
just took one of the giant sinus pills the doctor perscribed me   every time i take on it's like i'm swallowing a $5 <propmale> 
almost to wisconsin  it's <propfemale> as hell up here!  still it is a singalong kind of day 
minneapolis is rockin it 
sorry to my veggie vegan homies but i just had a kobe burger and it was fucking amazing!
time for fantastic mr  fox and <propmale> and cheese from scratch 
peanut butter and <propfemale>  the best food combination ever? it's a contender 
"on my way to columbus,oh to help <propfirst> miller install a show  its a long drive "
a snickers bar and two packs of fruit snacks    the lunch of champions  how am i still alive?!
someone come clean my house so i dont have to do it  my cat will help you  please?
why oh why did i decide to do yardwork today?
"nothing like a little metalacolypse before beddy time  \there's no such thing as trolls \"" \""then how do you e playful lain the dead unicorns?\"""""
feeling so good today im printing shirts barefoot 
<propfemale> marathon    go!
busy battling my parents flooded basement  the fun never stops over here!
"dont get me wrong, it was worth getting up early for garage sales today, but this dude needs a nap bad "
new shoes = not a bad day 
we are having a big clearance sale at the skate shop if anyone needs anything or knows anyone that does  monday will be the last day of the sale 
my legs are going crazy  i just want to sleep!!!
time for a treasure hunt  arrrggggg!
time to give some fish a new appreciation of life 
greatest picture ever    coming soon!
is very bummed out and discouraged 
just won $20 on a scratch off ticket and had a bomb ass salad  today is going to be a good day 
"get him to the greek = pretty damn funny  \my house is gonna look like a fuckin' werewolf!\"" """
i  love  lightning!  but tornadoes can suck it 
so who wants to work for me so i can go play outside? anyone?
i love you steak n shake breakfast bagel! (ps please dont make me barf) 
"im feeling very optimistic right now  too bad this feeling wont last, it never does  get it?!?!"
hornet in the print shop = im out!
"right now there are hundreds of critters around the light on my front porch including - a tree frog, the smallest mantis i have ever seen, and a little bug spinning around in figure 8s (i assume trying to get some action)  nature is rad "
be careful  there's a lameness pandemic sweeping the country  i think it originated in springfield 
i think im dying 
who wants to go to the dentist to get a wicked crazy filling so i dont have to?
i think a bat just flew into the print shop!!!!
todays goal - get <propfirst> trout arrested or so drunk he cant move or both 
this trout is on its way!
got home and sat down on my couch then my cat promptly jumped in my lap and fell asleep  my <propfemale> rules 
off to st <propfirst> with dr  <propmale> on the hunt for rare punk vinyls  oi oi oi
fell asleep about 4 woke up at six and now i cant fall asleep again  this blows 
"printing some shirts for a local band  the design is a picture of brocolli that says \horrible things\"" over  i am uncomfortable printing these because i am a firm supporter of brocolli """
blah 
"hangin with dr <propmale>, listening to some chumbawamba  good way to end the night "
feels like he was hit by a truck  i blame dennys food 
i have heartburn and im about to eat taco <propfemale>  this could be a rough night 
ponyshoe!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone elses facebook app messing up?
my phone is dead     big time  sad   so no texting talking for me for a while   i guess hit me up on here if you need me   lame!  anyone have an iphone they want to sell possibly?
attention!!!  i have a new phone but i lost all of my contacts!  please either text me w  your name so i know who's number is who's or message me on here with your #   thank you!
apparently some prankster hacked my profile and changed a couple things  didnt notice til just now  hmmm 
feels like my brain is trying to force its way out of my left eye socket  going to see inception tonight  afterwards ill post the ending on here and ruin it for everyone who hasnt seen it 
"found a discharge shirt at chatham goodwill  random  nap time! (for those who dont know, discharge is an old english political punk band) "
"at work by choice on a saturday night  what can i say, im a lame ass "
"mamas, dont let your sons grow up to be screen printers "
uber dorks unite!
"found a mountain goats lp at the ol record shop, found a dollar in the road, and sold a painting  a pretty good day besides the whole feeling like i was going to die part "
we now have a c at the print shop! its just a little window unit but i  love  it!
feels like he is st<propmale>ing to accomplish some things  gotta keep it up! maybe some new <propmale> soon? hmmm 
sweatband craziness!
how i met your mother = legen    wait for it    dary!
my cat is the moth assassin 
<propmale> potter til i pass out 
just because you can doesn't mean you have to 
big bang theory season 3  hellz yeah!
black metal screen printing session!
one hour of sleep   awesome  today i am going to be zombie <propfirst>  not as cool as it sounds 
for anyone who doesnt already know     i have an out of date website for my <propmale>  www jflick info   check it out and feel free to offer me tons of money for the ones you like  ha!
<propfemale> baron cohen to play <propfirst> mercury in upcoming film about the band <propfemale>  interesting 
will someone take a nap in my honor?
ah <propfemale>  thanks for keeping me company at work  (referring to the band if you couldn't tell) 
<propfirst> kart has warped my brain  on the way to work i swerved to avoid running over a banana peel 
its so beautiful outside!!! who wants to skip work and go play?!?!
nothing's ever easy 
arms       falling      off         must       finish       facebook        p   o    s               t
bummer dude 
"today i was at goodwill and walked by the halloween costume rack  the one in front could be described as \sexy border patrol officer\""  seriously?! its at the one on 11th if anyone wants to go get it """
nephrons rocked the house  literally 
totally rad 
"cant sleep, this blows "
"to everyone i havent talked to in a while     things have been crazy busy, i miss you all, i will get ahold of you when i have a decent amount of time to talk  hope all is going well for you! things have been good here  later!"
3rd floor festival at hoogland  come show your support of local music and <propmale>! we can make fun of my paintings together!
sweeeeeeet 
dead on my feet  gotta keep moving  so worth it 
is crazy 
"peanut butter bliss\as a cookie you arrived\you left too quickly"
so far away     lame 
i think they really need to do something about improving driver education around here  and people should have to pass a class before they are allowed to walk around in public 
who's going to be returning to springfield for the holidays?
"\you're gonna love by balls!!!\"" - n o """
this weekend = road trip   lots of fun with my awesome gf   record store madness   radical!
