e7c2f13e673492a7e9b541c65a14077f
"possibly my last facebook post of the year    but i gotta go, cuz the computer light is making my head hurt  good bye '10  let's hope '11 doesn't suck"
new year = new hair!  laugh  pics up soon  gonna be weird to get used to  but you never know   
wow  i'm so glad that <propfemale> wing has a <propfemale> on facebook now  it's impossible to navagate myspace anymore 
zombies for the win!  laugh 
happy fucking valentines day      
"i can't belive it's only 6 smile 0  nobody's one, noone's tlaking to me  i'm so tired  it feel like 10 already    geez"
i feel empty  there's a hole inside me    if only she knew  vivica by <propfirst> off <propfemale> is the sound of my mood right now  go listen  it's awesome
i just want to fall off the face of the earth right now    bad day    this was a bad day
i just want to die right now  why is this so hard for me?! fuck my life
"to all my facebook friends who arn't used to my mood swings: i often talk of dying, i often want to fall off the face of the earth, i often complain about things that noone knows about  this is normal! i'm not gonna go off myself or anything  i'm just a giant buzz kill  thanks for your concer, but this is normal for me "
"dear die-ary: today i realized that i love to hate, i hate to love, and people are still stupid  no real revelations there, but somehow i'm still surprised"
"dear die-ary: \now i am alone\""  that is what the notation said    curiouser and curiouser  i notice i'm only content when i'm angry? let's all hear it for teenage angst  lolz000000000000"""
i didn't catch the reading assignment for frankenstein  anybody have mr  <propmale>? chapter four through   what?
so today was a pretty good day i guess  back to the ol' grind tomorrow  p s  robot unicorn atack owns my sould now!
"almost completely memorized for shakespeare  just need to learn my last two lines, then i'm done  bleh   too tired to stay on here anymore  good night people i'm talking to right now!  p s  my language is now set to <propmale>  fun times for mich  laugh "
"knife, knife in my hand, who's spookeiest in all the land? live, love, die  kinda want to write some poetry, but i just don't have the inspiration     annoyed \"
"dear die-ary: i don't feel like posting anything today, sorry  wow  can't belive i went all day with   out   posting         dammit"
"happy birthday to me!  laugh  holy hell, i've had, like, a million people wish me happy brithday today! first time in forever!  laugh  haha it was a pretty good day! thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!"
"so i had a great time with <propfemale> yesterday (and this morning) and i'm kinda sad it had to end  oh well  i love sitting by a fire watching the stars come out  laugh   well, i'm off to the park with <propfemale>, then i'm working later today  seeee yaaaa  wink "
"i'm looking for some 18 to almost 18 year old actresses to play some zombie nurses in an upcoming horror movie! there are two spots to fill, but there's some stabbing with knives and syringes and stuff so that's cool  but the only catch, is that there's some kinda provacative stuff that goes on, and they'd have to be willing to be a little awkward for a scene or two  nothing serious, but still "
"i hate taxes   i'm so tired right now, but it needs done  oh well  lol  tax times is serious times d=<"
so weapons training was fun today  got a new hole in my shirt  thanks alot tybalt  lol  i got the gingerbread boy song learned for the enchanted <propmale>   hmm    i miss <propfemale>   annoyed \
"sword fight=blocked! two cuts on finger, two scrapes on neck, one cut on neck, one hole in my shirt  it was an epic fight!  laugh  tybalt, ily   p s  kisrin means nothing to me! i  love  <propfemale>!!!!  laugh "
"so i'm sending the information for the horror movie now  if any other 18 to almost 18 year old girls wanted a shot, better let me know soon, cuz they're gonna be filming soon"
"i havn't posted anything here today! ahhh! there, problem solved  geez   keeping up with a depress-ed <propmale> is way harder than it looks  hahah, glad that <propmale> isn't actually pissed at me though!  laugh  hahah funny stuff man   funny stuff"
"it always amazes me  no matter how numb you think you are, no matter how appathetic you think you are, something so little can still be so painful  well, blood drunk by children of bodom sounds like me mood right now  off to read my script"
"so, i'm gonna go shower, cuz noone's talking  boring boring boring day  shakespeare needs to hurry up and get here, and we need costumes, cuz i'm tired of real clothes  k, so eff you, i'm out"
"so i'm about to leave to go audition for the enchanted <propmale> summer comedy theater  i'm soooo nervous, but i got this  i got this  hahah it's gonna be awesome! lol wish me luck    er   a broken leg? the hell?  laugh "
"so, auditions are over for me, now i've just got to wait for today's round to finish so i can see the call back list  i'm so excited!  laugh  hm   what to do today? maybe <propfemale> out with <propfemale>? yeah   i think that sounds nice! lol  we'll see!  oh well, off to play super <propfirst> wii!  laugh "
"oh to die  the moment when you discover who you really are  the blackness cloaks your eyes, and you slip into cold numbness  sometimes i wonder what it would be like  then i remeber that chocolate is good and i couldn't eat it if i was dead   sooo here i am!"
"omg! so <propmale> and i made call backs! for the same part! oh nos! lol well, we could always hope to both get it    smile  know what else is weird?!? my manager who recommended me is auditioning at the same time i am!!!! hahaha it's gonna be so cool weird! lol!  laugh "
"so, callbacks were fun today  was there for 5 and a half hours today! i actually kept track this time! lol  11:15 to 4:45"
"so, callbacks were fun today  was there for 5 and a half hours today! i actually kept track this time! lol  11:15 to 4:45  great time with <propfemale> afterwords! lol good day   good day!"
"so, i didn't make the cast list, but strangely, i'm okay with that  <propfemale>'s so sweet  she makes everything better! lol  i'm so tired   off to bed  ps, god's still not talking   "
ghandus freakin' rocks   just saying  smile 
"let me start the morning off by checking my messages  what's that? i have 72 unread thingys? weird  i never have this much   lemme see   hm? what? huh?! gods! ugh!!!! these are all stupid comments on the freaking anoying pink tell me truthfully thing! oh my god!!!!   true story  now, let me begin the morning by saying \i freakin' hate that stupid thing!!!!\"""""
"so besides the stupid pink thing, you all know (or should know) that i hate my name  i really really don't like it and i want to go by somthing else for a while  ideas? i've got <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale> <propmale> (kinda like <propfemale> <propfemale> lol), e v  (like the pokemon!), or ev (pronounced \eve\"")  i dunno  i'm bored and i really have nothing better to do  so  oppinions?"""
shaving   so much more trouble than it's worth  > indecision 
"god, i'm so pathetic  no matter how hard i try, i keep slipping back into my same old rutt   god   meh, school's almost out  hopefully things will get better   hopefully  lol  know what i just noticed? i love to complain! whaterver    lol"
omg!!!! omg!!!! i just had a musicgasm!!! cyfer just showed wrote this awesome industrial thing and it sounds amazxing!!!!  laugh  hahaha was teh sex !
"so, do i really need a guitarist for my band? cuz i do vocals and guitar, and i've got cyfer on synth, so i don't know that i really need a third guy   what do you think?"
"does anybody have a game boy advance that they arn't using anymore? cuz i really want one    soooo    hit me up if you got one!  laugh \p s  medabots rule!"
so   i'm car-less now  it really sucks lol  so i'm looking for a new one now  not much else going on in my life  haha
i have three bugbites on my shoulder arranged in a perfect triangle   i'm starting to think i'm the chosen one
"just found out that the only thing standing in the way of me and releasing my music will only cost me about $50  that means that if i can make a worthy album, i only have to sell 10 at $5 a copy to make my money back!  laugh "
"yuck! now i remeber why i quit smoking!  laugh  lol but on the bright side, i've got a delicious slurpee right now! lol"
soo    i'm thinking a new tattoo   laugh  haha  maybe even some branding  and possibly a peircing  yeah   i'm kind of a mess right now!  laugh  haha
so we're back to this again  lol  anyone got a gameboy advance that they arn't using anymore? cuz i'd like one  lol
"so, i'm almost convinced that i know what tattoo i want, but there's just so many little things that i can't make up my mind on! lol so many cool ideas    hahaha"
"soooo, i think i'm off to go get my new tattoo     laugh \pics up soon i guess! lolz \this gonna be spendy $$$"
"sooo    my tattoo is gonna be amazingly epic!!! just saying! <propmale> does beautifull work, and i'm so excited to get this done! since <propmale> isn't done working on the design, i've had to improvise on the design  look at it in my pictures!  laugh "
"so, i'm sooo excited to actually get my tattoo done  smile  won't be for a while though, but omg!!! if only you could see it! hahaha"
"omg!!! i need to be saving money! haha  i'm looking at a $300+ tattoo, and i just found something i can't live without!!! omg, i found a physical tarot deck with artwork based off of baroque!!! ugh!! lol i think that's a justified $75, don't you think?! lol"
"why is everyone posting song lyrics in their status tonight?!\she's got a date at midnight with nosferatu  oh, baby, <propfemale> munster ain't got nothing on you!"
"so, at least a week and a half untill my new tattoo  that's okay  i can wait  have you ever had one of those times when you don't really feel like living   but you don't really feel like dying either? cuz that's kind of how i feel"
"so, i'm completely obsessed with baroque again  i love talking about the story line in public places, cuz if anyone overhears, they probobly think we're part of a cult! it's awesome!  laugh  hahahaha"
"oh my god   i think i'm gonna die  not in a good way  i'm going to see the birthday massacre, but they're coming with otep, beneath the sky, and the agonist  birthday massacre is so the odd man out  i'm going to a mainly screamo event to see a rather ambiant gothy band    what the fuck?!"
"okay  i'm off  i hate people way too much to be sitting on facebook right now  whatever  maybe i'll be on later tonight, but as for now, i'll see you idiots later"
death certainly makes you think about life  but whatever  that's all deep and crap  i'm just in the mood to waste away listening to music  peace out
"i'm on the outside, i'm lookin' in  i can see through you, see your true colors  cuz inside you're ugly  ugly like me  i can see through you, see to the real you    "
"i'm so excited to get my new tattoo! hopefully on saturday! ahhh! lol it's gonna be awesome  but i just need to decide weather i want to do full color, or a cool grey scale (black, grey, white) and red!  smile \hmmm?"
"alright!!! twelve hours from now i'm gonna be getting all inked up! lol i'm gettin' my tattoo at 12 smile 0 today, so i'm gonna be a little sore but super excited for the rest of the day! haha ahhhh! i'm <propfemale> excited!"
"well, i'm off to go get my second tattoo! i'll hopefully have pictures up soon! haha wish me luck  this is gonna be long and painful!  laugh  like, 70% of it is right on the bone! haha"
"soooo   my new tattoo is freakin' amazing! <propmale> packed so much detail into it!  smile  i love it! gotta go back in in a few months and get it touched up and finished, but it's still amazing as it is!  laugh  yaay! lol  pics up soon!"
"the birthday massacre was amazing!!! i love how they weren't even the headliner, but they were still the life of the show! hahahah omg! chibi flashed me a little heart with her hands a few times!  laugh  yeah, i was pretty much geeking out! lol"
"bleh! i'm just so cynical right now  meh  well, i'm working today and tomorrow, and i'm probobly gonna get my tattoo finished up in a couple days  so we'll see i guess  whatever  keep voting for those of you that are"
"so i spent forever trying to get something nice for ash's birthday, but i failed  miserably  it kind of issued a big fat \f-you earl\"" at me  so that sucked    but i was able to download a couple songs from the original baroque and i found out one of my new skirts has a pocket!!!  smile  so it's not all bad"""
<propmale> pippert is one cool kid  just sayin'
frikkin' idiots! d:<
"okay, it's official  myspace officially sucks testicles "
"i got some amazing new instruments for my industrial music! as i'm typing this, i'm writing this beautiful ambiant industrial peice  it's got some soothing strings backed by the harsh drums  it's strange   but lovely   smile "
"i wish technology wasn't so retarded    i'm trying to e playful ort some stuff to put on my band <propfemale>, but it's only doing the drums, so the spooky awesome strings aren't coming though    d': so sad     "
"every time i look in your eyes, i get that feeling inside  every time i think of you, i feel so very strange  every time i see your face, i know just what i want  every time i look in your eyes, you make me want to die "
"so i've got some awesome new music demos, a new car, and a roll in an upcoming movie! hot damn! lol things seem to be doing pretty well!  laugh "
so i think i want to make a line of stuffed dolls based off the <propmale> arcana of the tarot  i've drawn some scetches and they're starting to look soooo cute! lol  maybe i'll make one and see if it's worth the effort! lol  hand stitching takes time
"if i were to make some <propfemale> wing t-shirts, would anyone want one?"
"the first <propfemale> wing t-shirt is finished, and i don't mean to brag, but it's preeeety sweet!  smile  i'm so excited to wear it tomorrow! haha hopefully there should be some for sale soon!"
really feels like he needs to take the advice of the hanged man  i'm just too caught up in everything to enjoy anything right now  i just need to go and do just because i can  ugh    maybe i'll climb a tree tomorrow   
know what my favorite thing about religion is? how easy it is to find loop holes that just make me hate people even more 
"aaaahhhh!!!! i'm writing lyrics, and it's turing out really good so far! d= i'm almost done, but i'm not sure what to write! lol hahah\but hopefully i'll have a new song ready soon!  smile "
"hey there facebook-friends! i just wanted to let anyone who's interested know that <propfemale> wing t-shirts with unique, one of a kind designs are available upon request! just send me a message for more info!  smile "
"i got jipped! i bought a 14 gauge barbell with these really awesome spikes on it, but when i took the spikes off, the end of the barbell was taperd to a 16 gauge, so i can't use the spikes at all!"
holy crap  how hard is it to find a freakin' floppity two-tone jester cap?!
"<propfemale> needs to make up her mind! all she ever talks about is wanting to become one with me, but when i give her my idea sephera, she freaks out and admits she's too scared to go through with it  geez   women    "
"know what it's time for? writing music! that's what it's time for  i'm thinking some moody synth bass  you know, that super cool detuned legato that does the lowpitch slide that sounds super awesome? yeah  that's what i'm thinking"
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  will    you make this your status for at least one hour and support the cause?"
"i discovered my personal baroque today: \people are filth \"" now all that's left is the destortion   hm   """
"<propfemale>, your right   i do have a problem    but on the bright side, i got some really cool black and red dice!  laugh "
"so far so good, i guess  i took a forty-one card started deck, then used my booster packs to beef it up to the 60 card minimum limit  this red black deck is faring pretty well against my white blue deck  best two out of tree, next match is the tie braker!"
"the birthday massacre is coming back to portland!!!!  laugh  i'm soooo excited! sure, they may be coming with bvb, but whatever  i'll gladly stomp on some trashy 14 year olds just to get close to the stage when birthday massacre plays! p s  dommin's gonna be there too"
don't you love finding out that hours of your life were wasted for nothing     cuz i don't
"\who am i?\"" \""you're a jerk \"" \""who are you?\"" \""i'm a jerk \"" \""we're perfect for each other!\"" \""quit picking your nipple and hug me!\"" \""what?! i'm not!\"""""
"i love the birthday massacre soooo much! their show was amazing! such a great night, despite black veil douchebags  hm   i hope chibi found the <propfemale> we left for them      laugh "
"when i said \i wanna do something that makes today feel worthwhile\"" i didn't mean getting pulled over    """
i don't think i've ever had to execute five consecutive eye rolls just to come close to the appropriate intensity that was required for such a rediculous statement untill yesterday     
"\here comes the thnikka maaaan!\""\",e7c2f13e673492a7e9b541c65a14077f,i have reason to belive that eluveitie is one of the best bands on the planet 
"yeahh!!! again!  laugh  i've finnaly figured out how to use the rest of the drumatic drum <propfemale>! hahaha i only hat one <propmale> at first, but now i can use the whole damn set!  laugh "
happy birthday <propfemale>  sad 
i hate christmas shopping  but i did have a good day with my bug!  laugh  so i guess it's not a complete waste! haha
"i know i've got a problem, but magic is just soooooo fun!  smile  and it's addicting  i just gotta keep buying more boosterpacks! lol but hey, it payed off! i got two mythic-rare cards and a holographic card!  smile  yay"
"\there's a flying hooker watching you hug       goaway hooker!\"""""
hill house seems so long ago      sad 
is it shamefull to say that i was partially inspired by j-beebs at work today     annoyed \
"wow    i just woke up  haha\long night last night"
"\i don't know what    rhubarb    iiiiiiiiiiisssssssssss\"" *sob sob sob*"""
"why is christmas always in need of saving? anyone else think it's odd that christmas is always in peril? you never seen anyone trying to steal halloween  sure you get your obnoxious christians, but it's just not the same  hahaha maybe i'll make a halloween special where i save halloween for everyone  laugh "
thank <propfemale> i don't have to work tomorrow! hahaha i'm deffinately ready for a break  but it's all good 
khara <propfemale>! khara rath amah!!!!
ugh   not so sure how i feel about today   
today was   interesting  but over all i think it was a good day  now i'm sitting here listening to devil music and wallowing in my one thoughts    <propfemale> christmas ev   
"wow! what a crazy night last night! to make a long story short: i ended up traveling to the north pole and had to save chrsitmas! it was crazy business, but got it done for all y'all  your welcome  and am i gonna get a christmas special about it? i don't think so > annoyed \ well whatever   merry giftmas errehbuddeh"
spooky half steps <propfirst> by awesome syth instraments backed by crazy double kicks!? what is this music coming to? pure awesome  what's what 
"mormons    i was attacked   by mormons! wtf! here i am just trying to pay my freaking car insurance and these mormons knock on the door! i didn't even know we had any of those arround here! god, and i was too stressed out to mess with them any   damn  today sucks"
"well, yesterday deffinately got better  it was kind of stressful, but all in all it had a pretty good ending  i made a phenominal necromantic magic deck and watched lord of the rings: the return of the <propmale>   smile  good times"
i almost got stuck behind the same train twice on the way home from work  and that was after already sitting and waiting for almost 15 minutes! haha
"once upon a time there was a little necromancer named ev  he was very lonley because he didn't have any friends  no one wanted to be his friend because he was far too scary  this made ev sad, so one day he dicided to make himself an undead friend  but the zombie wouldn't play with him either  it just wandered arround killing people  this made ev even more sad because dead don't make good friends  so he died alone   smile "
"i don't know why, but i've seriously been considering writing a play   smile  how cool would that be if i ended up a famous playwrite?!"
"playwrighting times is serious times! >=| lol\i hope it turns out as good as i imagine it!"
"me: i wanna bite your lip off!\kirstin: i kinda need that to kiss you with\me: but if it's in my tummy you'll be kissing my insides!  laugh \kirstin: only until you poop  >=|\lmfao"
so i'm working on a song that sounds like soemthing the birthday massacre would write!  smile  i think it's spiffy! lol
"no, computer  i know what i'm trying to type  this is my play  stop trying to help"
"the boys next door is on tv  i'm not happy about it  sure it's got <propmale> <propfirst>, but know who it doesn't have?! <propmale> mcdonald, braden pippert, <propfirst> griffiths, and <propmale> smith! unless it has those guys, i'm not interested!"
"so, my play is coming along great! it is one of the strangest tales ever told  it deals with the two great misteries of creation  life and death  i think it will thrill you  it may shock you  it might even   horrify you   smile  lol"
i thought my frankenstein reference was cute      
loves <propfemale> vury vury vury much!  laugh 
yumm! icecream and songwriting!
