ca96d7315d8d5342b50d95ce0d464fba
"is pretty bored, blah "
can't wait for this weekend - i've missed my mexican!
is chillin' at home 
says screw it 
"is working all week, then getting drunk this weekend!"
"rain rain, go away!"
is in mourning  my betta & mini fiddler crab are both dead   sad    i'm leaning toward murder - suicide 
is working til 3 today  i definatly like working nights better 
thinkin' about another tatoo   i have a couple of cool ideas 
"anyone want a kitten? there's seven at my mom's, all very cute, and all but two have extra toes!"
"had a good weekend, went trail hopping in <propmale>'s new truck, got stuck twice & muddy as hell, but had a blast!"
"is pretty pissed  more than pissed really, but it's close enough "
"going to mom's to ride my horse  he's getting fat from laying around all the time, since i'm hardly up there anymore  sad    i hate not having them right outside "
"wants to go camping!! maybe next weekend? i do so love trout lake, but i hate the dnr  they will sneak up on you like ninjas out of the darkness "
heading to gladwin this weekend  maybe i'll be able to sneak a ride in  laugh     then to houghton lk  for a b-day bash & some jager bombs!
i need something to do this weekend    hmmmm     
"i love summer! i also love my friends, and had an effing awesome weekend   smile "
got a new <propfemale>! i still need a name for her though   
"\tomatoes dried by the sun  do you hear me? the sun!\"" that commercial makes me laugh every time it comes on  like just now   laugh """
speed show in mt  p tonight!   laugh 
"ugh, i'm an effing lobster after kayaking this weekend "
so there is a remake of red <propfemale> comming out in november   wtf? why can't they just leave good old movies alone? and you just know it will be nowhere near as awesome as the original  =|   not impressed 
"going tubing later!   laugh   i've never actually been tubing down a river before, so it should be fun "
"well, tubing was fun, except for the fact it started to rain about an hour into our four hour trip, and continued to storm for another two  and our ziploc bag got a hole in it,  so <propmale>'s phone is toast and all of our cigarettes got soaked  other than that though, it was great!"
"i miss my friends  the old ones, the good ones  the ones that are so far away   sad "
" laugh   good times, good times   "
"can't wait for tomorrow, tubing down the cedar river!  laugh "
ugh    will the drama never cease?!?
"tubing was a blast, exept i didn't think to put sunscreen on my legs, so the fronts of my legs up to my mid-thighs are pretty burned  and the backs are still pale as ever  hmph   "
oh i just can't wait for this weekend! camping with the horses & the family  laugh 
"curse my amazing abilities of procrastination!! since yesterday was not the most productive, i have twice as much stuff to do today  you think that would teach me something, but it doesn't "
"camping was a blast! exept mom's stupid horse kept getting loose, and it stormed like crazy all saturday night and sunday  so when we woke up sunday, all of our stuff was soaked & there was like four inches of water in the firepit  still awesome though!"
"so i'm watching \fistful of dollars\"" and i've come to the conclusion that young <propmale> eastwood is pretty damn sexy  though i always did have a soft spot for cowboys  wink """
all thoughts & prayers to the padella and govitz families  a real tragedy   
"i remember when i used to sleep in   like 'til noon, 1, 2  now i'm up and awake, and it's 7 smile 0  lame "
"charter cable, you will drive me to kill  these damn pixels are laughing at me right now, in their glitchy way  why can\t you just work?!?!"""
"i've become a coffee drinker  it used to give me migraines, but for some reason, it doesn't anymore  weird "
"waiting for <propmale> to put his new [huge!]  tires on the truck, then going for a little trail ride    laugh   hopefully we don't get stuck! then it's up to gladwin for a bit "
"going to the midland fair, so hopefully it quits raining soon!"
"so my mom, ever the horse trader, is going to alpena on wednesday to trade <propfemale> for an appy gelding + 400$ and some hay for delivering her  she hasn't had to pay any money for four of the ten horses we've owned over the years! i hope he's nice, i  love  appaloosas!"
"yesterday, on the way home from work, <propmale> realized his radiator hose was completely off, and the clamp was loose like someone unscrewed it  we're both pretty sure it couldn't have come off by itself, because he just changed that hose like two months ago  so idk  if anything else happens though, <propmale>'s gonna be pissed, and so will i "
"new horse!  laugh  he's a big fat appalosa with a bit of an attitude and pretty rough looking feet  he reminds me of cherokee in a way  idk, hopefully he works out!  love "
why does everyone want to plan stuff on the same weekends?!? i can't be everywhere at once people!
"it's looking kinda nasty outside     i hope it doesn't start storming, since i'm home alone  surprise "
ugh   who knew being a grown-up would suck this hard?
this weekend will be fun  going to ride my horse  and drink  and <propfemale> out with some people  what more do i need?  smile 
"dear <propfemale>, i will be in gladwin friday or saturday, and i promise i will call you  furthermore, i will also take you riding  promise   love "
the stupid weather man this morning kept using the f-word  pretty soon they'll be using the dreaded s-word  i am not looking forward to that 
 love  's her man!
"kickin' it old school this morning with some good <propfemale>  smile  and it always seems those little things, they take the biggest part of me  and i know that those little things make the biggest part of me  break down "
grrrrr  i was hoping my hair would turn out lighter than it did  guess i'm stuck with (slightly less) dark hair unless i get some hardcore bleach 
"is bumming  it's a lot of little things, but put together it's a lot  and i hate the way i feel right now "
"so i need some anniversary ideas    october 12th will be three years, and we want to do something, we just don't know what! hmmm   "
"how\ many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a \task for you! i want all my fb friends to comment on this status how you\ met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the \same to you  you'll be amazed at the results you get  hmm   lets see \who's gonna comment "
"i'm so happy, 'cause today i found my friends  they're in my head  i'm so ugly, that's okay 'cause so are you, broke our mirrors "
"today is <propfirst>'s birthday, and it makes me feel old to have a seventeen year old little brother! lol"
summer is over  officially   sad 
"every time i see the fushigi commercial, it makes me want to order one  then i would hunt down those people and beat them to death with it  and act like it's super amazing magic   smile "
"got my bow sighted in! my inner left arm is just one big bruise  you think i'd learn to quit snapping it, but not yet  i also went squirrel hunting and cleaned one for the first time ever  i had a very redneck weekend!   smile "
is sick   sad 
"i'm still sick and it sucks    last night was the first night i felt good enough to go sit in my tree stand, and i didn't even see any deer! but i''m determined to get a deer with my bow, even better if it's before <propmale> =p"
"is soooooo exited!! ahh! trying not to get my hopes up too high, but damn!  laugh "
ahhhh!!! we finally have our own place!!! i'm so amped!!  laugh 
is going over to the house to start cleaning    hopefully we'll be moving in by next weekend!! i am sooo exited!!  laugh 
"is waiting for this weekend, so we can move into our new place! i just wish i had a place to keep my horse "
holy crap it's nasty outside    i hate being home alone when it storms    annoyed 
can't wait for the weekend!  smile 
 smile 
"i never get on here anymore, so if you need to talk to me just text me, or send a postcard, or even an owl  that would be pretty cool, so if your really my friend send a post owl "
"ahhhh!!! so guess where i will be saturday  at the dow with korn, disturbed and sevendust that's where!! i am beyond amped!!  laugh "
"my ears are ringing, i'm slightly deaf and i have a sore throat from hell  that was the best concert ever! korn was the best, they just rocked  but disturbed was awesome  sevendust was good too "
i wish i had some flippin ice cream  like cookie dough  mmmmmm 
preparing for a night of call of duty thanks to the guys  thank god there's a computer lol!
