6f1fa744ebdf769ff49e1f341b3937a0
likes clean slates  let's do it better   smile 
-- it's the final countdown!  smile  [21 hours]
is finally done!  laugh  yessss 
is a little creeped out by her schizo neighbor who keeps riding by her house on 4-wheeler   at 10 smile 0 at night  
"-- oh, did i mention i love my friends?  wink   love "
is kinda starvingg 
 smile 
answer: too much 
"--my ingredients for stress relief: une playful ected sunshine, spontaneous kickball, a couple spoonfuls of cool whip, and <propfemale>   smile "
is in portland  smile 
"is in wilbraham, mass for the week!"
"is home, but can't upload any trip pictures because the computer has a virus  sad "
is excited about the school laptop that unofficially belongs to her  smile 
"was completely thrilled to see all the awesome cylt people this weekend in her hometown, and wishes them all the best this coming year as they lead us with their faith and awesomeness  wink "
"-- \and i wonder if i ever cross your mind   for me it happens all the time \"""""
is fine 
is really scared  
is thinking how she needs to go harvest food shopping     playful 
wonders why what isn't said sometimes hurts more than what is  
is harvesting 
-- school? tomorrow? really?? *sigh* that's so uncalled for 
"thinks chocolate-covered rice crispie pop rocks is a really weird idea, and probably something you can only find at marden's   playful "
"-- \the heart has its reasons which reason does not know \"""""
"-- you are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here  and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should     love "
"-- you are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here  and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should  ?"
"-- carrot juice? carrot and beet juice?? um, no thanks   "
-- i'm not a doll  (gotta get this song out of my head!!)
"-- \everything makes sense when you're with me \"" i like how relient k always makes me feel better  smile """
is thinking november is going to be a good month  smile 
let's see how honest fb friends are   leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting smile  please keep it going 
"doesn't see the point of writing an article about grading policies, because nobody cares   indecision "
"-- soooo, who's pumped for journey??  laugh "
dislikes politics 
asks too many questions 
missesmissesmisses her friends!  love 
"-- as i lay me down tonight, i close my eyes, what a beautiful sight   love "
"-- i will praise you in this storm, and i will lift my hands, for you are who you are, no matter where i am   love "
"-- \stupid     \""  \""who?\""  \""me \"""""
-- mmmmarshmallows  smile 
"let's see how many people on facebook aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior    we need to get god back in <propfemale>    if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status   i am thankful that god is in control of my life   love "
"-- even when the rain falls, even when the flood starts risin',  even when the storm comes, i am washed by the water  smile "
-- piano = stress management   love 
-- happy turkeyday! gobble gobble  smile 
"\twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do  so throw off the bowlines  sail away from the safe harbor  catch the trade winds in your sails  e playful lore  dream  discover \"" ~ <propfirst> twain"""
"-- back from edmunston, nb, one of the stops for the winter olympics torch relay on its way to vancouver, which awesomely happened to be 15 minutes from my house!  joyful  was entertained, got souvenirs, saw the flame, failed at taking a pic of it, got lost in the crowd, froze my hands off, all that good stuff  wink "
"-- cool word of the day: sublime - adj  of such excellence, grandeur, or beauty as to inspire great admiration or awe  for example, i think you are sublime   wink "
"finally got her license!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   ah, life is good   wink "
adores <propmale> groban   smile 
"-- christmas spirit, soph, christmas spirit  "
is the most last minute christmas-shopper ever!
-- <propfemale> christmas to you and yours!  smile   love 
"-- \i hid under your porch because i love you \""  smile """
"-- \boys are far and few between    that is a saying right?\""  playful """
-- gone to see sherlock  smile 
-- gooood times  smile 
"- all in all, it's been a good year  smile   love "
- this life of mine    it's gonna be a good one   smile  watching the buried life  love 
is ridiculously gullible  thanks <propfemale>   playful 
"loves homework assignments that involve drawing, colored pencils, and very little brain strain   smile "
--beige 
-- pray for a snow day!!  smile 
is amazed at how much there is left for her to e playful erience 
"- ah, thank god! for now, fraser's gonna make it  laugh "
"- snow sculptures tomorrow and thursday, skiing on friday, bangor orono saturday! what a cool week   laugh "
"- <propmale> avenue, all i can say is woww   love "
"- yes ma'am, there's nothing like lemon popsicles on a rainy february day when you have a sore throat   smile "
"- look at the stars, look how they shine for you, and all the things you do, yeah they were all yellow   love "
loves her music   smile  - don't waste  your time  on me  you're <propmale>  ready  a voice inside my head   
in a hotel room in <propfemale>  smile  crime lab tomorroww!
- p s  girls talk 
wants to go to rome   smile 
is apparently an infj personality 
- dead poets society  love  carpe diem! ?  smile 
- 24 days!!  laugh 
- always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much  ~oscar wilde~ [23]
"-- \sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve because feelings don't last forever \"" ~a very wise friend  love """
-- no one really ever wins in heartbreakk warfaree  [10]
is on board!!! sooo flipping excited!  laugh 
"hopes everyone had a fabulous easter!  smile  working 6-9, state math meet tomorrow and tuesday  shoppingg  smile "
just got back from playing monopoly in a hotel lobby  because she's that cool     smile 
wishes she could skip right over tomorrow and the concours and just go to convention already!!
"- \say no to crack \"" ~ <propfirst> francois  smile """
"- joy, peace, love, excitement, hope, faith, enthusiasm, exhaustion, etc  = all products of a weekend at convention  love   smile "
"got into the keller bloom program at bigelow labs!!!!! aaaahh, really excited!!  laugh "
- new goal in life : learn how to play moonlight sonata and fur <propfemale> on the piano   smile 
"thinks she's had quite enough, thanks "
"- i don't understand, i don't understand the plans that you have for me, but i know that they're amazing, amazingg   love "
- tf 6-9 ~ portland tomorrow and all weekend for <propfemale>'s dance competition! cell's good   smile 
"-and i, had a feeling that i could be someone, be someone   smile "
"- well juniors, it looks like we're all gonna be in the same boat tomorrow     good luck on those sats!"
is beginning to stress herself out 
is home and missing her bigelow buddies   what an awesome week!  smile 
"- <propfemale> getting ready, visiting people, eating, taking pictures, parade @ 7, aaaaand prom!!! it should be one heck of a day  laugh "
hates how her new favorite song has to be kept a secret   wink 
"- goodness gracious, thank you so much everyone for the happy birthdays!!  smile  love you guys  love "
"- i throw my hands up in the air sometimes, saying ayoo, gotta lettt go   smile "
"- everything rides on hope now, everything rides on faith somehow, when the world has broken me down, your love sets me free   love "
"-- shine down, light it up, wash it over, waitin 'round for my mandolin <propfemale>   smile "
"- you can catch me  don't you run, don't you run   smile "
- acts prep tomorrow and then teen acts retreat all week!! so pumped!!!  laugh  pray for us? thanks!  love 
had an amazing time this week!!! thanks to all the acts team (old and new!) for making it beyond incredible!  laugh  miss you all already  love  god is good!
- #47 ride on a motorcycle  check!  smile 
legit wants to learn sign language   smile 
is chillin' like ice cream fillin' with <propfirst> ouellette   smile 
"is leaving for engineering camp tomorrow? woah, that came out of nowhere   visiting bowdoin after, then back thursday  cell's good   smile "
is finally home from the most supermegafoxyawesomehot week of her whole summer   smile 
feels like a nerd 
"-- sooo, would anyone be willing to lend me a projector, if they happen to own one? it would be for an outdoor showing of casablanca  we would take very good care of it  and you would totally be invited   smile "
"- even when it's dark before the <propfemale>, i will feel your grace and <propfemale> on  and with every breath of me, you'll be the only light i see   love "
"and her sisters realized today that when it comes to marriage, they need to find men like their pepere ouellette  nothing less will do   smile   love "
is not fond of having her picture seriously taken  so naturally she's getting her senior pictures done today   should be interesting 
feels like a million bucks!  smile  so what if school is right around the corner? senior pictures went fantastic! and new york tomorrow for <propfemale> mavor's wedding!! sooo excited  love 
- \oh man! there is no planet sun or <propfemale> could hold you," if you but knew what you are \""  \"6f1fa744ebdf769ff49e1f341b3937a0,out to dinner with <propfemale> ouellette!  love 
"- there are two ways to live your life  one is as though nothing is a miracle  the other is as though everything is a miracle  \~albert einstein"
"had a sweeet weekend, and is missing her totally awesome (humbly, of course  playful ) fellow cylters already!  love "
- tf 6-10  come visit me?  smile 
"- wake me up, when september ends "
-  love -shaped cookies  that's right   smile 
- tf ploye night? def   smile )  love 
"- now the days are so long, that summer's moving on, reach for something that's already gone "
is unavailable at this time due to endless potato harvesting  please leave a message after the beep  *beeeeep*  smile 
- harvest tends to put everything into perspective 
"- out on the road today i saw a blackflag sticker on a cadillac  a little voice inside my head said, 'don't look back, you can never look back '  smile "
"climbed a tree and drove a 4-wheeler for the first time today with <propfemale> bernier! better late than never, right? list item number 27, 74, and not to mention 75: check, check, and check!  smile "
is donedonedone harvest forever!!!!! wow  that's kinda sad   
celebrated oktoberfest with her neighbors last night  completely awesome!  smile 
"- and so i'll try to understand what i can't hold in my hands and wherever we are, home is there too "
"- \you can't play on broken strings \"""""
is going on a boat  back tuesday night 
is home from the coast  it was sweeet!  smile 
- spirit night with some cool people   smile 
"- \i am the captain of my soul \""  smile """
"- please put this on your status if you know \someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  \dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they \can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because \they have been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers  "
"- in this life you will have trouble, but take heart, i have overcome the world  ~john 16 smile 3  love "
just got a phone call from her sister across the world in spain  talk about awesome   smile 
- stop      journey time!!  love 
feels so blessed  what a weekend!  love 
- spirit night tonight   love  text call comment if you need details a ride  kthanks   smile 
"is wickedd impressed by the absolutely fantastic play she saw tonight! respect, fort <propmale> drama peeps, respect   smile "
"- baby you're a firework, come on show 'em what you're worth   smile "
- meese!! at my house!
"- when i find myself in times of trouble, mother <propfirst> comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be "
"- <propmale> potter, for the win!  smile "
just had a fifteen-minute episode of insanity  normal? not quite   playful 
"senior - noun: a state of awesomeness that allows \you to mysteriously wear dorky hats around school and do the \macarena in the library  \ <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfirst> picard"
"- first rule: never let 'em change you  rule two: do you, to the fullest   and never be ashamed to  you're just good at what they can't do, and they hate that  they wanna paint you, in they color, put you in another  but what they don't accept, and what they don't see: the best thing is what you already be   smile "
- it's beginning to look a lot like christmas    love 
"- we're getting stronger now, from things they never found  they might be bigger, but we're faster and never scared "
just got accepted to umaine!!!!!!!  laugh ddd
j-gro christmas music? i think yess   love 
"- a thrill of hope; the weary world rejoices, for yonder breaks a new and glorious morn   love "
needs a vacation  now     please?
"- say everything you've always wanted  be not afraid of who you really are  'cause in the end we have each other, and that's at least one thing worth living for  and i would give the world to you   love "
- snowball ce soir avec some cool people   smile 
"- let it go, let it roll right off your shoulder  don't you know, the hardest part is over? let it in, let your clarity define you  in the end, we will only just remember how it feels "
is super pumped about getting her wisdom teeth out tomorrow   should be a grand old time 
"- in this life you will have trouble, but take heart: i have overcome the world  ~ <propfirst> 16 smile 3  love "
- it's never too cold for ice cream   love 
- all you need is love   love 
"- with you right here i'm a rocketeer, let's flyy   smile "
"- want to have a ton of fun and learn more about your faith, all while living it up at a big classy hotel with a pool in portland? then the cym convention on april 29, 30 and may 1 is for you  if you are in grades 8-12 and would like more info are interested in attending, please let me know  have a nice day   smile "
"- dear facebook: \it's been fun, but you're just so needy  i mean, do i really need to spend so much time with you? i'm sorry to say this, but i think we need to take a break    take care of yourself for these 40 days and 40 nights  \with love, <propfemale>  love "
