dee474eef6d21fd74eabcbe87af737cd
happy new years lets hope we get to see the next    dun dun duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun lol
is watching the loony tunes marathon on the cartoon network
too bad school starts tommorow
lol?didnt think ud remember me
ugh   gotta finish up a project
finnaly done with my project!!!!!!
"so, hows all my buddies doing?"
well night eveyone
all right!!! 3 day weekend!!!! so whats every1 else out there doin over it?
eh    so bored     
gah      school tommorow    goodbye long weekend       
so   how is every1?
well    got a guitar quiz comin up for the song day tripper by the beatles     hope i dont fail epicly lol    
well got a playin quiz tommorow        
well least i didnt fail epiclly on the quiz today
ugh   workin on homework
whew well another day goes by   
ugh  just got done with a project
woooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no school tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lets all get up and wave our hands in the air like we just dont care!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
woo straight as on my report card            again lol
woohoo!!!!halloween is here!!!!!lets all get into our halloween costumes and do the thriller!!!!!!!
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored
well just got back after gettin a haircut and stuffz like that
ugh   it sux to be sick   even on school days
so   whats every1 up to?
omg what am i    copy this into your status and see what people rate you  : 1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5 annoyed ovable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring
night everybodyz
so   how are you all doing?
eh      so boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored    some1 tell me something good to do
"hm   so they chose beat it by mj for the song in guitar, other choice was eye of the tiger, what do you think we shoulda learned?"
"well another day passed by    i plan to do a guitar solo for guitar, dirty little secret by the all american rejects with <propmale> burns"
omg guys     you know what i just realized? in guitar    we are going to wear pink guitar shirts    and   we are playing the beatles and a christmas song     something seem wrong there?
"ok scratch <propmale> for the guitar concert, ill be going solo for dirty little secret    , anyways good day pretty much"
i love this cold weather    so much betta than warm weather cause you cant wear ice packs or something in summer but u can wear sweats in winter
woooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this week seemed so long to me for some reason
mornin pplz    good thing we dont have to go to schoolio today
ugh   sunday   the homework day for weekends   
"btw if any1 has skype friend me, my name is apiwit chulawan"
"everybody is unique  but then again, if we are all unique, arnt we all the same because we are all unique?"
thanksgiving break everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ugh im so drunk from ians party       lol jk, the party was fun"
ugh   so bored     what should i do?
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well soon im gonna go to uf to visit my bro and stay for the night 
well right now im in uf on my bros laptop  go gators!
"yesterdays dinner was awesome  we had takoyashi (which in japanese means friend octopus with etc)  it wasent as bad as you think  we also had turkey, friend chicken, and cheese with crackers"
"too bad the break is almost over  anyways, morning everyone"
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours  u can ask me any question (only in my inbox!) i mean any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, or personal it is  u have my full honesty!!! but i dare u to put this message on ur status and see wat questions u get! dont lie!!! now go ask me a question in my inbox!!!!!"
ugh   sunday    homework day
well its time for the guitar concert     is nervous   
phew    guitar concert is done!!! i thought i was gonna mess up on the solo lol  props to <propmale> for awesome guitar playing
bored out of my mind         whats better to chat to people aim or yahoo?
is watching part of 2012 on youtube  lol look at all those people falling
looks like facebook is hacked 
whats up with aim? everytime i click the icon it dosent freakin work   
ugh today sucked    alergies acted up all day   
ugh   i freakin hate <propfirst> <propfirst>
and another day passes by   
the volleyball game was interesting  
my big brother <propmale> is comeing home!!!
im hanging out with my bro who just came home
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!! my parents said i have the choice of opening my presents today or tommorow  what should i do?
<propfemale> christmas!!
well i'm finnaly back in <propmale> after visiting <propfemale> and supachot  yet again <propfemale> kept on hugging me      
just got back from the doctors      might have to get glasses
mrs lamson has died    may she rest in peace
gettin close to 2011!
happy new years!
oh great i have a new enemy lol
and yet again another day passes by 
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you???"
fridays and it might snow!
i wish i could bring my cat inside cause its so cold  too bad i have to leave him in the patio
ugh homework sunday   
is watching afv
is bored    whats a fun thing to do?
oh yay     my dads now watching american idol
is once again bored   
mrs skibiki was a singer in a rock band??!?!
someone tell me why im watching teen titans?
is going to make orange juice!!!!!!
well the days about over  iv made half a gallon of orange juice  is making more tommorow
is done with homework early!!!
well today was interesting     especially in guitar  guitar was awesome!!!
today seemed to go by fast 
im goin to school tommorow woo!!!!!!!!
morning
"\yawn\"" morning"""
is bored  playful  whats a fun thing to do?
for mrs  stephens project can we print out pictures?
its my dad's b-day!!
back from uf
is eating a key lime pie o o
"is starting to watch the series \death note\""  interesting o o"""
what a wonderful way to start off the weekend lol
is at episode 25 of death note  i feel sorry for ryuzakki or however you spell it  playful 
good day
trying out deviled eggs for the first time  tasty  laugh 
got back from the dentist  clean teeth  laugh 
i think i get sick more than any other kid in gotha 
i seriously need to find another table at lunch  everyone just talks about mw2  it gets so boring
good day  question: would you rather live but be hated by everyone on earth or be dead and be remembered as someone good?
so hows everyone doing? pretty good day today 
"friday woo!!!! today was cool, i saw <propfirst> at school"
my brother is comeing home on monday from college  laugh 
electric violins are awesome  guitar class  playful 
well i finished my speech  and sadly im going on to the next round 
"today was fun  we played paper base ball during 4th period  at car riders, me,arthur and a whole bunch of other azns were talking "
woohoo! spring break!
woohoo!!!!! i leave for thailand on june 1st!!
anyone willing to take a survey? lol
any 8th graders wanna take a survey? lol
super fun today! <propfemale> and supachot came over today  we were all playing monopoly and <propfemale> kept on losing money lol
happy mothers day!
2 days left to go! im gonna miss all the 8th graders though x x
awesome day! band concert laser light show and ninja with the gang! 1 day to go!
now school is out for me! just gotta wait for june 1st 
"so tommorow, i'm probably going to spend most of the day in the airport bring luggage carts back to their stalls and collecting quarters with my brother  laugh  "
"finnaly, i couldn't access my fb for some reason o o  so yeah, greetings from thailand! i'll be posting some pictures on here and give updates of wha i'm doing "
i wanna drive a plaid volkswagen and see what how the people react when they see it  > laugh 
"just got back to my aunts house from a 3 day stay at the erawan hotel  sadly though, i'm going to leave bangkok soon, in about 3 days "
"well, back in the states after a 1 month vacation in thailand  wish we could have stayed there longer "
"when zombies die do they go to heaven,hell, or nothing? o o"
thanks everybody for all the happy birthdays!
thanks again for all the people who said happy birthday!
"meet the teacher today, i wonder who i'm gonna get  annoyed  "
"1st computer samuels                                           \2nd sci  honors skibicki\3rd l a kirkpatrick\4th adv guitar veligdan\5th history delamater\6th p e akers\7th algebra honors bellamy\ \anyone get the same classes? i hope so   annoyed  lol"
good first day  playful  
so     anyone wanna buy some a 3 pound tub of cookie dough?  laugh 
made some jello over night  playful  
shut the front door! lol mr  d is awesome   laugh 
"well, when i was walking home from school today, this yellow dragon fly came out of nowhere, flew past me, and rammed straight into a wall  you could even hear the sound of it smacking into it lol  i guess the dumb blonde rule accounts for everything "
"well, my mom has a plant that is for the most part under water and we had a little mosquito problem mosquitos lay there eggs in the water, and well, we had little mosquito babies  > >  so, to get rid of the problem we got a new betta fish  he was stuck in a little small plastic container and he looked    well miserable so, now we have a new little friend swimming around my moms water plant  laugh  "
weekend woo  laugh  
couldnt stop laughing at the car loop today  laugh  
goin' to the gotha spirit night tommorow  anyone else?
startin' to feel cooler outside  laugh 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least foran hour, in-honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it ?"
happy halloween!
feelin sick  time for campbell's chicken noodle soup and hot choclate!
had a whole bunch of homework today  - -;
"well, tomorrow is the firehouse sub gotha spirit night thing  i suppose nobody else besides the njhs are going for the community service?"
happy thanksgiving everybody!
"yaaay almost christmas! although, how does <propfemale> plan to give presents to me if i don't have a chimney? does he plan to break through the windows and have the elves repair it  afterwards?"
back from tampa 
"performance in guitar tomorrow  oh god, please don't make me mess up too bad "
"man, i'm gonna fall asleep before i hit the bed today  so much homework    "
isn't it weird how gotha puts sex <propmale> in p e  right next to <propfirst>'s day?
how is it that i keep getting sick? - -;
"why do the good die young?\\because god needs our help "
"so my parents watch american idol everytime right? my dad always makes me vote for thia (only because she's asian - - wink   this time, i'm going to vote 20 times for everyone but her and see what happens "
spring break!!!!
