73938e688894975b29515bcd130e9388
"yam event coming up, friday sep 18  pool party at my house!!! ask me for more info"
the work is never ever done  there's always something else to do!
"just some food for thought  zcf needs some people to help out with the upcoming harvest festival oct  31  we'll need actors, set up, prefomers, etc  so keep that in mind and send me some feedback "
i absolutely love my job 
don't forget bout the bbq
i thank god for renewing my spirit each and every day  he knows i need it!
"fb fam don't forget about the bbq  there are a few people coming about 15 mins  early to pray, so feel free to join "
last night's bbq was really nice  everyone had a great time and also developed their relationship with god  this is the first of many great things to happen  i want to hear from you guys about ways to better the ministry and produce events that you'd like to paticipate in 
how do i feel like holding on        jesus
finally done with work!!!!!!!!       today 
"a little late for work, but still ready "
"today is the day the lord has made, and i will rejoice and be glad in it! yesterday is gone and i have to live in today(the present)  thank god for jesus and his constant renewal of my spirit "
got my bible  got my coffee  ready to jumpstart my day 
god confirming things himself is so so powerful and motivating 
"sometimes when your in god's purpose, it seems surreal  as if it's to big for a small person like you  that's the enemy  nothing is to big for god  we need to stop limiting his annointing in our lives with our selfish, worldly mindsets "
"finally! got my bible and coffee  a little late, but better than never"
we really need some people to come out to <propfemale> christian fellowship of whittier and assist in chilcare on wednesday nights 6:45pm- 7:45pm  it's paid!
time for noon bible study
stay focused and god will work it out  we have a blood bought covenant through jesus  we just have to uphold our part 
"wow   never ever thought i would be, or even enjoy to be called a man of god "
how do you know your purpose?     what do you do that helps someone in someway and glorifies god  also can you do it for free?
got my b i b l e and a big cup of coffee  ready to walk today in purpose and guidance 
"obama just won the 2009 nobel peace prize  that could be good bad or interesting, depending on who you talk to "
god has a predestined plan for your life  not <propfemale>    devine purpose!
"what is a \poke\"""""
lunnch time!!!!!
"making my self available for the needs of others, here is my new cell # 562 686 1720"
stay faithful
"im not afraid, not ashamed!"
el pollo loco!
last nights event was powerful  look forward to more exciting events from the <propfemale> young adult ministry(yam) 
praise god even when you don't feel like it or even feel worthy of the privilege 
a day off for me is the opposite  i've been dragging all week 
some one is posting stuff under my name  don't know how  but they will stop in the name of jesus!
all those stupid msgs weren't sent out by me  it must be a hacker  my apologies
got too much to do to be tired  i need that supernatural strength
7 am to 9 pm         what a day       whew
7am - 10pm       all unto god  thank him for the privilege  big day tomorrow  soooo excited!
only what you do for christ will last
when i got out this morning it was 35 degrees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who told you that!!!???      truly discern where your wisdom is coming from 
two days on the grind hard! all unto the lord  now to get some rest and start again tomorrow 
why is it sooo dificult to do things the right way 
thinking about starting a <propfemale> on pupose    would u guys participate and bounce around your opinions???
what is the big deal with twitter?
joli <propmale> need audience for real talk pilot   if you are interested in being on camera and being apart of the launch of a new talk show   come out   for more details on directions and times   email me @ realtalkg i@gmail com
good reading   daniel had a pretty eventfull life 
guess it's time to go back to school    sigh    
man! i really need to work on my social life!!!! who wants to go out tomorrow!?!?!?!?
is tryin to hold on 
"time moves so fast but circumstances seem to move so slow  all we can do is trust in god, our one and only source! we really have stand firm in walking by faith and not by sight "
"<propmale> urbandictionary com someone who's emotions are deceiving, and when angry still smiles  someone who is often confused as a mexican when really not someone who is shy but loves to coach  someone known for there smile  someone who really enjoys music and to sing but only in the shower  someone who makes up his own recipe for the perfect girl  someone who is constantly asking hey are you going to open gym?!"
goooo colts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
money goes sooo fast 
we grew up in this world  its so hard to turn from it  every day it's a battle  but i trust god 
don't be blinded by the enemies weapon of self condemnation
gn   waaayyyyy past my bedtime 
only god can change you  then with his authority you can change the wrld around you 
do you go to hell if you commit suicide?????
bout to head out on a great adventure and journey   the bus    
finally got a gym membership  so excited  time to become a vin diesle look-a-like   for real! gimme six months
went to the gym last nigh for the firt time in over a year    man! im hurtin!
work and the gym    don't mix right now    whew
where do you see youself in the future with the habits you've developed today?
"emotion is a powerful thing  but our spirit rules over all! our spirit longs to walk with god  so we need not be afraid to cut out all fleshly things, which may not be all bad, and walk with god alone!"
we are spirit beings  we are just inhabitants of our flesh  much like a car  we are inside the car and controlling it as we drive  yet we are not the car 
"should god then reward you on your terms, when you refuse to repent? you must decide, not i; so tell me what you know  job 34 smile 2-34"
too all of my old friends i knew in high school     i look at all the picks and man we are getting older and more mature  ask yourself    are you building yourself up in the ways of christ so your life will be more of an ease down the line???
"for i know the plns i have for you, declairs the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future  then you will call upon me and come and pray to me, and i will listen to you  you will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart  i will be found by you, declares the lord, and will bring you back from captivity    "
7 smile 0 in the am thru 11 smile 5 in the pm     first time sitting down in 9 hrs     i'd say im feeling pretty accomplished   all <propfemale> be to god!
peace and renewed encouragement - meditation for the day
is it wrong to get a tattoo????
verse of the day jesus christ was delivered over to death for our sins and was raised to life for our justification  - romans 4:25
do you have the audacity to love god!!!???
do you have the audacity to truly give your life to god!!!???
god is sooo good!
move forward!!!! never sit still  when your doing god's will you should be in a constant state of movement 
time for the next level!!
i think it's time!
"is god pushing you out  the nest or place of confort, or is satan trying to distract you??? seek the lord and he will reveal to you and give you wisdom on what to to next       deuteronomy 4:29"
patience   do you truly have it? how long are you willing to wait? are you open to change?    colossians 1:11
"god is good his mercy, kindness, goodness, <propfemale>, power, endures forever and ever!!!"
after you read this stop everything! take a moment to just think of all the things god has done for you and give him praise and thanks! even if you don't feel like it    there's a blessing in it!
life is beginning to make a whole lot of sense! thank god!
"self control    can you control urself??? sometimes it's hard  whats in ur spirit? you are a spirit which posses a soul and only live in a body  our spirit should have control   so again, what is in your spirit???"
"now the life, example and true ministry begins   separating the men from the boys; the eagles from the chickens    i am an eagle!"
don't loose focus   keep ur eyes on the prize  with god all things are possible! (according to his word)
i love working @ taget   what a blessing! 12am - 8 am love it!
wow   am i really????
started writting again  3 incomplete poems finished one! first poem in like 6 or 7 years!    what's your e playful ressive form? get it out  you'll feels sooo much better!
need to get away    time to start planning a mini sabbatical 
"thank you all for the wonderful birth day wishes and all the calls and texts  you forgot i worked nights   lol  you never know just how much you are a blessing to someone  your simple birthday wishes motivated me and aided in bringing me out of my little slump! thanks again soooo much  may god bless you hundred fold, in the name of jesus  i love you all!!! have a blessed day!"
im really going to school   wow!!! just finished fasfa   degree here i come!
rule # 1    holla
a good way to see how a friend influences ur life   how do they effect ur relationship with god???
im only drawn ever so closer    more and more intrigued   it is no longer a challenge it is a need   
i have discovered that i am only a one liner poet    e playful ect them to be written as post    give me feedback 
what is preception of reality   it is a blinder to what we ought to seee   the ginuiness of me on the inside   if you only knew that within me there is no lie 
"fullerton college, here i come!"
happy fathers day! a special thank you to all the men who've spoken in my life and have tought me through out the years  also my own father who has given and tought me so much more than i wanted to belive    love you daddy 
life   
life is what you make it    
"1 <propfirst> 3: 7-9\dear children, do not let anyone lead you astray    he who does what is sinful is of the devil, because the devil has been sinning from the beginning    no one who is born of god will continue to sin, because god's seed remains in him; he cannot go on sinning, because he has been born of god "
summer nights   gotta love em!
lookin @ the sprint evo 4g    can't wait to get it!
school after a 2 yr break   excited!
whose up for a 7 day  caribbean cruise next summer??!!
whats up with these facebook bootycalls!!!!! they are annoying!!!!!!!!!!
"god is sooo awsome he keeps you under his grace when you don't want it or want anything to do with it  that is how he keep us close, and continues to draw us closer    nothing can replace my god!"
would you pay $80 for a party bus trip to and form knotts <propfirst> farm? park admission payed for and all??? give me your feed back   
do what u can while you can    
"never stop tithing  or if you dont, then you need to start    it's supernatural    i can tell you first hand!"
"oh   my   goodness   \im a man who knows hows to eat  and eating i did today    hope you had a blessed thanksgiving and realized all that u have to be thankful for    especially family "
i thank god for another great day that has come and passed  i thank him for the new mercies given and another <propmale> to walk in his wisdom and live my life rightous unto him  good night    p s  remember just how much god loves you and see youself as he sees you!
god is good! wrote off finacial aid a couple of months ago because i just new i wasn't going to get it    took one sudden word from the holy spirit and ran with it  now with even bing three months late on registering for the fafsa i get all my school e playful ensed payed for with some left over    cant tell me my god isn't good!!!
"consistent \1  in agreement; compatible\2  being in agreement with itself; coherent and uniform\3  reliable; steady\4  having at least one common solution\5  holding true as a group; not contradictory"
just got off work and ready to enjoy time with the fam   <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
"<propfemale> christmas  enjoy your family, gift giving and getting    remember that god had given his only son to this world to save your life "
christmas dinner was a hit! hats off to the chef      me!
now i see why i guy who have fb on ur phones are always on
first time @ a pool hall  realized i'm pretty good
after working @ target  walmart absolutly positively sucks! they let me walk in the garden section without telling me it closes in five minutes!
"<propfirst> hart @ nokia, la live    $75 dollars     is it worth it    "
you know its cold when you can see your breath in the car!
"<propmale> 32:17   \17 and the effect of righteousness will be peace,and the result of righteousness, quietness and trust forever  #bible http annoyed  j mp gonqvi"
do the do's and you won't do the don'ts     walk in the spirit and you won't fulfill the lust of the flesh 
i heard on the news today birds falling out of the sky and fish floating dead in the rivers      read zephaniah 1    is your heart right???
if you have tickets or court issues take care of them!   trust me you don't need the hassle 
"up really late or really early watchinh friday    classic  probably seen it about 150 times, literally  \you know how weee do\""  lol"""
wanna buy one of my pix blown up and framed    let me know         wink 
"1 <propfirst> 2:11   \11 beloved, i urge you as sojourners and exiles to abstain from the passions of the flesh, which wage war against your soul "
i get to go bodyboardin!!!!! haven't gone in months!
i     am     an     amature       
first day of full time school    whooo!     free education     take advantage of it!
"1 <propfirst> 3:12-13\12 for the eyes of the lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer but the face of the lord is against those who do evil "
good deeds don't get you into heaven    your heart does 
"1 <propfirst> 4:12-13   \12 no one has ever seen god; if we love one another, god abides in us and his love is perfected in us  \13 by this we know that we abide in him and he in us, because he has given us of his spirit  #bible http annoyed  j mp dwgifn"
all you can eat pancakes @ i hop      no more pleeeease!!!
facebook is not a lifestyle       
watchin wonder years    memories memories *sigh*  the good ol' days when we were kids      
work it out   
going to the gym is a new habit that i love to have! pretty soon imma be mistaken for vin deisel   lol   i'm serious tho   
one workout  closer to my goal   
gotta change my gym habits before ther become set    home @ 1:18 am isn't workin  :-!
are you doing enough?
i'll be the example     *committed to be an example*
"proverbs 18:24   \24 a man of many companions may come to ruin,but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother  #bible http annoyed  j mp fqqpao"
