95b1b87bfd5da6bce1d848ce3c673211
"i finally did it!  i signed up for facebook to look up some job information, and found myself really popular with friend requests   i decided to e playful lore the facebook world while watching the ncaa basketball games    being a duke fan, i am happy to be watching the games "
"well now that i am officially on facebook, what shall we write about   i am thrilled that duke made it to the finally four!  as far as the family contest goes, gabbie and i are ahead of <propfirst> and <propfirst>   we have unofficially won, by at least one point "
"what's with the word limit - ugh, this so doesn't work for me!"
duke won the ncaa championship!  yeah!
"we had a great double header soccer game yesterday!  beautiful weather, happy players, and we are still undefeated   one more to go, and we get two months of rest to prepare for coaching two teams "
doing good today!  <propfirst> will be officially employed tomorrow   we only had two weeks left of unemployment   now if i could only find something part time 
one of our neighbors was murdered a few days ago by her son   it is really disturbing and sad   the woman was in her 70s and has lived in the area for years 
had a great interview yesterday for an employment consultant counselor position   hopefully will have another interview monday 
i have a second interview on monday   yay!  should know by that evening if i am employed or get the summer off 
i think the interview went well   the people in the panel were great   it is always a bit strange being the focus of so many questions   now just waiting and waiting and waiting 
"i am officially employed now   feeling a bit shocked, and happy   they even negotiated the hours so i can work part time  smile "
"c<propfemale>e in plans   i start work tomorrow   great day to <propfemale> out at home, and bring out the baby pool   i am hoping to get the big pool up this weekend even if its cold!"
ready for round 2 of the world cup   go usa   not sure whether to vote for germany or england    hmm   i am leaning towards germany 
great camping and concert adventure   finally got to see my favorite band switchfoot!  now back to work tomorrow 
i just got my first job placement (helping someone with a disability find work)   pretty cool being part of this proces and watching someone gain skills and confidence 
had two great soccer games yesterday!  great group of girls and supportive parents   look forward to more of the same!
"busy day saying goodby to our family in london, and 2 difficult soccer games   the girls all did great   way to go cougars and flaming rubber duckies of doom "
my brain is fried   having a hard time working when my brain and body are constantly shutting down   the coffee isn't working either   ugh 
"great day yesterday with family and friends   <propfirst>'s soccer team had some great teamwork and <propfirst> scored a goal   gabbie played two games (subed for <propfirst>'s team) with great stamina and ball control and her team kept going in the heat   <propfemale> and <propfirst> came to watch and have dq, and <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propmale> came over for <propmale> night   my body is exhausted, but my spirit is alive  smile "
"wow, nothing like learning who gets up early to wish me a happy birthday   thanks for the wishes   i started my celebration with a nice dinner at my sister <propfemale>'s house sunday   off to work, and soccer practice tonight    smile   i feel happy to have great family and friends, and sad that my mother isn't here to celebrate "
thanks for all the warm wishes   we will celebrate more over the weekend   tonight i get to <propfemale> out with some great kids so that will be fun 
great game aloha warriers!  way to be champions  grateful for espn3!
<propfemale> christmas everyone   i think this would be a good day to attempt some holiday baking before the celebrations 
"looking for doctor recommendations near aloha   my doctor is friendly and knowledgable, but hard to see and not too active   i need a doctor with a good understanding or <propfemale> to understand chronic pain "
i just had an interview with a time magazine reporter   hopefully i am chosen to be in the article on chronic pain!
go orange for leukemia week-- change your profile pic to orange to raise awareness about this blood cancer  the goal is to change facebook orange during
"less than fiver weeks before soccer begins   putting myself on a fitness plan, or i won't be able to keep up   coaching keeps me in shape for sure!"
"anyone able to recommend a good pharmacy?  hagaans is closing, they had amazing people, knowledgable, consistent and helpful "
