572ad3944b9074c9e47518e262b6504a
im gonna light up    some incense    got ya bitch!
feels like the deliciously yum taste of a pizza plaza pizza   
fuck work ay    im gonna go tell my boss to fuckin go back to your own country    but maybe not ay cos i wanna keep my job and you know my freedom
i love scrubs
up at 5:45 once again     my life is homo
just had a fight with his brother    like a real fight    im quite pissed off
so bored that my mind may e playful lode any minute    probs should do some assignment work ay
fuck i never come on here these days ay
i just cant believe it   
religious education is probably the biggest joke ever lol
   
i'm going to my thinking place
yehhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i fukin love not having exams! holy balls its good
almost fucking killed myself and my dad when the gps in the car didnt tell me to go to the next <propfirst> but my father did    that chick was fuckin pissed when i almost crashed into her!
so tired it hurts my rather overworked brain    although technically i haven't been working my brain at all but sometimes it seems there isn't much of my brain to work that if i work it only a little bit it gets over-worked    if you get my drift
i need some ideas to raise cash so i can go to woodford   
in <propfirst> with my baby girl  laugh 
i think facebook should go into a technical-chaotic-meltdown during which everyone's profiles dies    thus leaving facebook a barren wasteland with only a few survivors  these survivors mission is to rebuild facebook from the ground up using their powers of friend invites    (this could go on but your probs already over it)
thinkin of times gone past    it aint good
i didn't feel the first day of grade 12 to be all that great
all of this time on my hands so far has gone to feeding my animals
i was about to write some long e playful lanation for what i'm about to say but fuck it    long story short    facebook fucking sucks!
"you'll get a <propmale>, another <propmale>, one more sun"
stupid fucking car broke down as soon as i get my p's    now i have to take the stupid fucking bus for however long!!!
looking at buying a new old car
so the usual shit happened to me today    woke up still slightly drunk next to my also <propmale> over girlfriend on a single bed that has barely any room for two people to sleep on    had a coffee to try and hold my stomach together    thought about having a yack    drove to the gold coast    bought a bmw    drove to ikea    drove home    in about 2 seconds i will crash on my bed and never get up again
incredibly fuckin pissed off   
going on a chocolate date
loves studying for the largest exam he is ever going to participate in     sad   sad   sad  fuckin ancient
had no idea that ancient rome could cause so much grief and trouble
bahahaha i have no grips on time  my clock just said 1:40 when like an hour ago it was 10:40 so i thought i'd been on my computer for hours    turns out it was 11:40 but the first 1 i couldn't see
got my car back finally!
got all a's and b's on my report card    i swear i've had so much luck that tomorrow some random guy off the street will just shoot me in the face and i'll die instantly  or hell has just frozen over
sooo    i ran into the neighbours fence   
"dear brother, when will you learn that calmness of the soul will bring about much more respect then pure, blinding anger?"
"buckets, barrels, baskets, cans what must you fill with empty hands?"
"dear brisbane bus service, everytime i use your service you seem to be either always late, not coming, or on the rare occasion that you are early, your too early for me to catch  either shape up or fuck off"
needs some good songs to build up a repitoir
pullin out the awesome accents when your drunk    oh so fun
"i feel permanently stoned, this godless endeavor the only cage i've known"
hasnt got anything to do tonight
"there is no stronger drug than reality, twist and change time is nothing regret everything"
"setting sun\restless one\taste more than you can take\and leave without a sound\\shadows overgrow\mind empowers matter\given what you owe\shredded into tatters"
listenin to some fucked up shit
"fuck it, drop dead, theres too much shit inside my head"
"yes, eat shit ancient history i dominated you    finally finished at 3500 words"
aami is fucked    the people associated with them are fucked    if you want anything to do with them you are fucked    if you crash in to anyone covered by aami your especially fucked
parties?
ive said all i can and i've done nothing    why?
i just fucked my ancient history exam up the ass!!!!
eat shit school
boredddd!
can't get a good nights sleep? try morphine    better than this shit
listening to metal fuckin loudly! the only way to listen to metal
7 o'clock start    bah
so    anything happening tonight?
could do with a drink right now   
"if a moment in time is irreplaceable, then the moment i took to write this post is wasted  then why am i doing it? probably because it's irreplaceable and i'll never get it back "
finished work for the week fuck yeh! now what?
the devil welcomes you to his domain
im sick of the shit
i feel inadequate and delicate    maybe a little destitute
"so, anything on tonight?"
so anything happening tonight?
in a crazy music mood    dubstep crazy!
is bored    perhaps i should do some more recording
i heart tool
currently making a nice steaming batch of fake blood
<propfemale> got her p's!
parties tomorrow night?
im so far away  iv been changing but you'll never see me now 
a lil disapointed
"so, just been told my girlfriend might spend 6 months in germany next year   "
so just listened to <propfirst> bieber for the first time in my life     i had to purge my soul with some hardcore opeth and behemoth or else i would die
is anything on tonight?
im so effing bored!
in my eyes in disposed in disguise as no one knows
someone save me
the petals are dead!
i forgot what i was gonna say
is anyone doing anything tonight for after-qcs celebrations?
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
desperate heathens flock to sirens    guard your heartache well
holy fuckin dickcow!
not going to school tomorrow
fuck me! im a monkey!
haunting dreams and constant thoughts   
facebook is fucked!
fuck    enough said
loves his fuckin life    fuck you <propmale>!
"i wait for yet another day filled with delightful events such as rainbows in the sky (happy <propfemale>? lol), or perhaps being able to drive my car to bundaberg for once in my life  smile "
anything on tonight?
why are you so good pusa?
i really like it when i punch the devil in the face and the earth e playful lodes in the process
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient \only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as \your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of \someone who died of or is fighting cancer ?"
gym!
    and then she threw up everywhere!
sooooooooooooo fucked for maths
i got into the conservatorium  laugh  yays!!!
to all of you going to schoolies i say my final goodbyes    and also fuck you!
just changed the tyre of the <propfemale>    and now i'm havin a beer for the hard work 
im 18!!!
cheers everyone for the birthday wishes    which mainly consisted of either getting loose or getting fucked up   i shall now comply with those very wishes! i shall talk to you again when i am sober    or when im drunk i don't really mind  laugh 
wooo! debit card    now i can buy all kinds of shit online   
goin to gorillaz sunday!!
op 10 i'll drink to that    well i already have    too many in fact  
bored shitbrains
the flood in queensland    the bush fires in <propfemale> and perth    it's all a build up for 2012 guys    we are probs immensely fucked 
got the muse going and i'm finally recording some shit!
"it's not your fault, it's my own fault, i'm not human at all, i have no heart "
get out of my head
