c0e484b19e9e9fc807aefcd7d7c08e82
finally on facebook!  but it's so hard to get off   can't get my fingers to logout!
k' getting off this thing!!!!  and try to make it out to surf today   three to five feet!!!  ladies if i am not there tonight call the coastguards!!!
why is it raining?!?  it's not supposed to rain!  so sad   
e playful eriencing senioritis   why is school taking soooo long   
suffering from methylmercury poisoning
working on my thesis presentation for friday   where's my motivation?
is caffeinated and motivated   ready to finish this and be liberated!!!
"so my fortune cookie says \keep your e playful ectations reasonable\""   what does that mean???"""
presentation went great!  thanks for the prayers and keeping me in check   (like kicking me off of fb!)
uh losing!  no sheraton bowl this year   sorry june jones    sad 
just came back from three plus concert   hitting downtown!  cheeewhhoooo!
is writing about drinking toilet water
bj penn no <propfemale> 'oi!
third round submission - triangle or rear naked choke 
"\let's go i ready for a war\""!!!!!  yay bj!!!"""
"<propfirst> rogan to bj - \you've put on the best performance of your life    now eat this balut!!!\"""""
"hardest week ever, with finals and papers due at one time   stupid bottlenecks hindering me from graduating spring 2010   ready to hit up a <propfemale> bar on thursday and have drunken japanese karaoke"
can do cartwheels in her room!!!  laugh 
"\i know audacity!!!!  it's the software i use to make music!!!\""     classic lcc moment"""
"good times at <propfemale>'s kitchen   just listened to a stirring rendition of \dead or alive\"" by fiji"""
nude
give it to me straight   i like it slick and smooth   no kinkiness
separation anxiety   drowning myself in hawaiian sun 
give a hoot don't pollute!!!
why is poi purple when taro chips are white?
"three houses down feat  fiji in concert at the world trade center february 18, 2010!!!!"
time to almost go sleep    
"<propfemale> brown sugar oatmeal with portugues sausage, onions, and garlic    stick to your ribs delish!"
"gggrrrr the beaches are rained out, no surf day today   maybe some cardio kickboxing and the \the endless summer\"" to get my fix   """
"yah bra!  surf's up!  no work, so go out and play because it is (finally) a <propfemale> day! happy aloha friday fbookers!"
"jumbled up jargon of confidence intervals, p-values, and multiple-partial correlation coefficient tests   my brain feels so non-significant and accepting the null "
enjoying some sauvignon blanc with my statistics
who would want some toxicological conseling????
"indigestion from sd chinese new years festival   milk tea w  strawberry boba, sugar cane juice, <propfirst>'s coffee, pad thai, sausage and egg summer rolls, meats on a stick, sesame seed mochi balls, fried banana, coconut waffles   oh and some mylanta"
had to bury my car today   anyone has a car i can buy?
there's a tsunami warning and my dad is washing clothes    
my parents called me to tell me they're at the evacuation center   big city diner! heh!?!
thank you for your blessings lord and protecting hawaii!!!  love you!
"march 13, 2010 - fight between manny pacquiao and <propfirst> clottery scheduled!"
getting drunk texts at 2 am    
car shopping is sooo stressful   why did we do away with horse and buggy?
smooth and slick   cherry ride on my stick!!!  \\o0o 
"blessed day   caught a sick wave, watched the girls dance their booty's off for him, and clottery got clobbered (even though i didn't watch the fight)   blessed day!"
beautiful day   sunbathing in my trunk before class
menudo so good for a hangover
stop and smell the roses!
crappy   frank mir lost   guess lesnar is gonna be sitting on people for a long time
why are ufc results already posted?!?  they forgot <propfemale> hasn't watched it yet!
inspired by global warming
staring like i get problem
beautiful surf day!!!  2'-3' and glassy   a pod of dolphins wanted a piece of the action  my 7-footer was stoked   what an awesome gift from him 
"\bureaucracy is the death of all sound work\"" -<propfirst> einstein"""
don't come between me and my caffeine!
one more final and classes are officially over! double caffeine fisting with choco covered coffee beans and strawberry iced tea  where has the time gone   what to do next?!?
"\the dose makes the poison\"" -paracelsus"""
i am waiting for some hooters 
"\i gotta go and wake up early cuz i gotta go poke holes for the crabs\"""""
all our lives are a mys'try; we see not where they lead   we are asked now to trust you and we know we must believe   as our feet become christ's feet we go forth with the grace of the power and the spirit that is here in this place 
"for those of you who eat poke, would you give a piece of your hair, and take a 15 minute survey for a $3 gift certificate to a fish market?"
"so i google mapped my address from san <propmale> to waipahu, and google tells me to kayak across the pacific ocean 2,756 <propmale>   jah-larious!"
to go home or not to go home   that is the question   
my first road trip alone to vegas   pray i don't melt on my way there 
"if can, can!  if no can   "
"missin' out on <propfirst>'s with the girls, for what?  schoolwork      boooooooooo!!!!  grrrrrrrrr    sad "
president obama supports the right to build an islamic mosque near ground zero   isn't that a slap in the face to those who perished during 9 11?
"yes cousin, i'm an addict   "
\goodbyes are not forever \,c0e484b19e9e9fc807aefcd7d7c08e82,you miss 100% of the shots you do not take   
what the french toast!
go uh!  kick some usc trojans!
yay pilares!!!
damn!  salas is on fi-yah!
does anyone want homemade karekare and fried saimin?
is killing fruit flies through alcohol intoxication 
"first hillcrest farmer's market, second babycakes, third extraordinary desserts   now sleep!  good times, great friends!"
omg!  surf's up!  15 foot surf hitting all shores by wednesday!
"thank you for all the birthday wishes!  they were an exclamation point to a question <propfirst> kind of day  if i could share my birthday cake with you, i would "
<propmale> looks like a piece of steak
yay protocol approved!!!!!! one month of surf and sun   hawaii here i come!
harp on his qualities and not on the man   
"why was the wave banned from uh football games????  \because the potagee was drowning!!!!  jajajajaja (silent j) "
"i miss hearing \hawai'i pono'i\""  can someone sing it to me?"""
wow!!!  how time flies when you're doing nothing productive   thanks facebook!
"yay!!  excited to poke frogs and catch shrimp at tamashiro market   10 days, counting down!"
eight!!!
seven!!!
seven minus one!!!
"five beeg fat peeg!  <oink, oink, oink>"
does anybody have a 7'-8' surfboard for sale in hawaii?
dos!!!
one!  so excited i wanna pee!
<propfemale> christmas ading!! from <propfirst> and r-mel lol
happy birthday jesus!
