80f9703fa107490775584d3b9cc45851
today is the first day of 2010   maybe my animal sacrifices will be honored by the gods and make this year the awesomest of all (at least until next year)  may the same luck be bestowed upon all of you 
back in boca and back on my grind!
i finally have my new computer!  complete with a webcam and a 15 4 inch widescreen!  yay for ups and newegg!
"if you have a skype account, i would love to be able to contact you at some point, my friends and family!  btw, who knew you could get a cardboard cut opening the boxes your computer came in?  i just found out this afternoon and the cut hurts like a bitch"
dunkin donuts is opening on campus on august 3rd   finally!  coffee and breakfast treats for us poor people!
i am going to a family reunion where i am going to meet people i've never met before   hopefully they showered before arriving   
i is listening to <propmale> withers    ya'll young wippersnappers don't know nothin' 'bout dis here!  use dat google to gain da knowledge!  and now you know     and knowin's half da battle    gi <propfirst>!
i'm finally done with summer semester!  time for sleep!
"i finally got my new phone!  env 2!  yay!  if your number's changed since the end of april, i'll need it   email me, don't write it on my wall   i rarely check that thing anyway "
"i caught a second cold in as many months     what the hell, man?!"
going to one of my favorite places on the planet tomorrow    wal-mart!
guess who's an ra?
"no crop for the next year since i'm an ra    that doesn't mean i won't be haunting the office, though!"
damn satellite!  ruined my leverage tonight!
i have to move into my dorm in three days     gonna run like a chicken with my head cut off until i'm done with the month    sleep     such a wonderful luxury that i'll miss   
almost done with floor and door decs    and not nearly done at all   
on duty in an hour and 45 minutes     why did i choose weekend duties for training?
"<propfemale> has two term papers due on the same day      i think the professors conspire to make students heads e playful lode     their heads just go kablooey,,,,"
i'm is tired     sleepy time!
i feel accomplished     managed to get my entire <propfemale> <propfemale> discography burned in an hour and a half 
football is back!!! who else is excited?!
just saw the kanye-taylor swift vid   dude is a <propmale> of epic proportions 
i bought a camera and a new mp3 player yesterday   i can't wait for monday!  yay newegg!
"apparently, facebook hates my computer    or firefox    either way, it enjoys not loading when i click every 15th link    insanely annoying    that is all "
looks like the state of florida is having a bad weekend   
i got my stuffs!  yay!  new toys for me!
saw zombieland last night    fuckin' awesome   miss smerkal rocks hardcore!
math test in two days    not excited at all    but i got an 86 on my first test!
i guess i'ma go against the grain and say screw the dolphins and the horses they rode in on   
does anyone else find emails from the financial aid office confusing and slightly frightening?
i got a 93 on my math exam     well on my way to my first a in math since 5th grade    i am what you can call awesome!!!
washing my hair is a chore i can really do without    should i cut my hair off and make my life easier?
"looking at my facebook homepage, i have come to the realization that i have too many gator friends      if anyone knows anybody that doesn't attend florida, have them holla at me   "
why do so many people like to <propmale> their heads in <propfirst> favre's lap?  especially espn 
"nappy time for me!  btw, why is it called a nap?  why don't we just say we're going to sleep?"
"if i decide to take a class before 10 smile 0am next semester, someone do me a favor and smack the taste outta my mouth, please!"
anybody got a delorian and flux capacitor i can borrow?
don't you just wanna hit somebody in the chest sometimes for no apparent reason?
"don't you hate those \back in an hour\"" signs?  especially when they don't put up when they left?"""
"i really want to go to sleep, but i want to play ffvii and watch sytycd   what to do?  what to do?"
freaker's ball tonight!  get crunk!!!!
food then concert    twill be a good night 
saw pitbull and fabolous in concert last night (friday)   going to halloween horror nights at 3     pics and vids to come 
hhn was hella fun and pics will be posted at some point this week    if i remember to do it     somebody remind me 
"<propfemale> has no bleedin' immune system    if you let me borrow yours, i'll give you a dollar!"
well     turns out i have a sinus infection    a bacterial sinus infection    how the hell did i get a bacterial sinus infection?!
i got food and medicines    i iz happy for my recovery!   hopefully it won't take till wednesday to get better completely   
just realized that i enjoy using ellipses    a lot 
i love how my residents want their floor to look like crap   
who doesn't love ksk?  it's like     awesomeness in blog form 
i think this is the first birthday i'm dreading    fml    
i would really like to go to sleep now    but i have an exam today    and a paper due tomorrow    a paper that i have no motivation to work on     where's a time turner when you need one?
this is a fine time for me to lose all motivation to do my work    fml   
the gods of technology dislike me right now    they've disliked me all afternoon   i give up   
you gotta cop that no ceilings mixtape   it goes hard!
"i was dead asleep half an hour ago   then some jackasses decide banging on my door and running would be a good idea    here's a suggestion: if you want some thrills, go play with an alligator or some such large reptile that can easily rip you apart or go ride a goddamn roller coaster    and i was having a nice dream starring christian kane    grumbles   "
these past two weeks have been the most craptacular weeks in the history of my short life    and my birthday next week    oh joy   note the sarcasm 
going home till midnight    until later    
"working on a paper, but its like pulling my own teeth out with pliers    and no anasthesia    in other news, three more days till i'm completely legal "
"is it just me, or does <propfirst> pattinson look like he might be suffering from a wasting disease?  or some kind of physical malfunction?  the boy just looks weird to me "
i'm disgusted right now   just saw a couple eating each other's faces in the elevator    ewwwww!
got half my hair cut off today   now rockin' a <propmale> with bangs   i think it looks alright   i'll put pics up for those of you that can't wait until i get back in town on sunday night 
made it to clearwater safely   now to get some homework done 
i am 21 today   get crunk!!!
back in town    21 years old now    my grandma has more issues than the law allow    back to the grind   
who wants to try to lie to me and tell me skynyrd isn't awesome?
"i have \simple man\"" as my alarm to wake me up    who has the greatest alarm ever?  this chick!"""
kinda bored right now     don't wanna watch <propmale> potter and don't feel like playing video games    maybe i'll watch public enemies    go hdmt net!
facebook is beginning to piss me off    won't post my comments 
"what the fuck?  two fire alarms in less than ten minutes?      the hell?  are you serious, fate?  what did i do to deserve this?"
"baby shower then ninja assassin    yay hot multi-talented asian guy!     no not you, <propfirst>    i'm not trying to have a small, angry <propfemale> trying to kill me as i sleep   "
ninja assassin was great     the asian guy was a <propmale> hotter than i had anticipated    even when he was all cut up and dirty and bloody     yeah 
the fau internet service sucks balls    the balls of an arthritic donkey   
"body's feeling kinda weird    goin' to sleep   sleep well, everybody!     and don't let those little pink elephants come and attack you    them things is poisonous!"
two hours until i'm free!
i is freee!!!!!!     kinda     two more finals     then i is truly freeee!!!!!
who else has the urge to yes?
"i got my first gray hair!  at least it's because of genetics and not stress   if that were the case, my hair would be white by now "
i'm sleepy   but i'm on duty   i wanna large iced mocha latte from the dunkin donuts in the library   anybody willing to get it for me?  i'm willing to reimburse if necessary 
make your own security system @ 5 in the hpt lobby   any injuries resulting in use of your security systems is not my responsibility!  you just need to know how to use it and get away with it 
i didn't get up until 5:15 this afternoon    i feel so accomplished 
i have a taste for some jumbos    i just need the money to go 
sleepytime sounds like a good idea right now    
why won't my cafe's buzz rating go beyond 6 0?  it used to regularly reach past 36!
"why is it that some people (read:non-black) don't consider black a culture and african american one, even though they are the same thing?  curiouser and curiouser    "
"oh, january 13th      you cannot come soon enough    "
"apparently, my peers think i'm the most likely to catch osama bin laden     what do you think?"
"i slept for a crapload of hours today     i slept so long that i got up and was still tired     'twas a good day, indeed "
"anybody having any trouble thinking about what to get me for christmas?  i'll give you a hint    its $199 and begins and ends with the letter \x \""  don't worry about controllers   i have four of 'em at home """
i hate when my internal organs attempt to rip themselves from inside me and do a little jig before my eyes    
i wish i had a heating pad right about now     or some tylenol pm   
wouldn't it be awesome if burger <propmale> delivered?
yoooo!  miramar is ranked 58 in the rivals100 rankings!  go pats!
poor <propfirst> <propfirst>   may he find the peace in death he couldn't in life 
i really wish history channel would quit with all these random reality shows    most of that ish ain't even related to history!
"anybody wanna bring me a large number one, no onions, and hi-c fruit punch from the burger <propmale>?  i'll reimburse!"
deland is getting their behinds handed to them on a silver platter     that's what i like to see!  dominance being shown!
miramar patriots!!!!!  class 6a champeen!!!!  chea!!!!!
"    the saints have disappointed me    but miramar and indianapolis won, so i guess all is not lost "
who else can't wait until may 2010?
<propfirst> collins and mommy already sniping at each other and it ain't even midnight yet     glad to be home for christmas   
senella <propfemale> mackey and dwizzle chizzle don't know how i'm constantly on facebook and still doing homework   they obviously don't know the power of supermultitasking!
"yo, what the fcuk is the deal with all these dudes messing around with little kids?  pleasure p, <propfirst> sparks, and some kid in miami     people, do everybody a favor: quit messin' wit' da chilluns!"
i hope urban meyer learns to cope with stress better because he needs to get back to coaching florida   that school is the only hope this state has to be at an elite level for college football 
"why does netzero believe people will be willing to use dial-up for $10, when we can have what we want instantly for a little bit more money?"
"the colts and saints have ruined my hopes for the '72 dolphins to shoot themselves in their faces since they didn't hold the undefeated title   if the saints and colts all get simoultaneously nutpunched between now and next season, i would not mind at all "
what is your favorite line from <propfirst> hood: men in tights?
happy new year to all!!!!!
"i know now why i didn't want to see \for colored girls \"""""
shopping in walmart at 2 in the morning is a great deal less stressful than shopping there at 2 in the afternoon   i think i've found a happier walmart time 
"i think i'm either insane or someone's hacked into my facebook account   i found a comment that i didn't write on someone's profile   nothing bad, but very suspect     "
phone currently not working   can't recieve or send calls and texts   just knock on my door if you need me 
"correction: i can recieve calls, i just can't make them   the text thing is still the same though   sad "
"colonel h  stinkmeaner     awesome character, but it sucks that you probably know someone like him   "
phone is now working   text and call to your heart's content!
my watch band is broken and my other watch needs a new battery    wahhhh!!!!!  sad 
"why is it that when i'm at school, my television stays on history channel or cnn?"
i finally figured out how to get my sticky arrow keys to not be sticky anymore   note to self:  don't eat fruit cups while watching lie to me online   your keyboard will thank you later 
studying <propmale>   hopefully i'll actually fully pass a language class and understand what i just learned for more than a week 
"omg!! do this!!!!!!the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
this is easily the most f**ked up day i've had this year     this is going to be a nice year (note the sarcasm) 
<propfirst> robertson done lost his damn mind     senile old fool!
reading my life away for the next three days     ah!  the life of a history <propmale>!
"the top and side of my television screen is broadcasting in purple    i don't know how to change the color scheme or fix it   in other news, my cousins <propfirst> collins and niles collins are super awesome!  thanks for helping vault a few collections guys!"
<propmale> bomer    he's hot    i watch white collar because he's so hot     the other guy    not so much    i don't watch white collar because he's so not so much   
going to a holocaust lecture in <propfemale> 101 at 4pm   it's free to the public   come along if you want some edumacation!
i finally figured out how to fix the color on my tv     apparently my tv dislikes the plugs in the wall   had to plug it into my surge protector     at least my tv's protected now 
"c'mon, saints!  i have been praying to you, breezus christ!  show us who the holiest is!"
brittfar fails again!!!!!!!!!  eat it!  enjoy da flavor!  da flavor of fail!
do i still get my federal unsub money put in my bank account if it isn't put toward tuition?  that's almost $1500 that is sitting there unusued    that's wasting money   i could use that money for something 
"have you ever watched television with the captions on?  the way the music is described is pretty funny   fyi, the opening theme for the show, human target, is described as, \victorious music\"" """
"i just cleaned up all my apps   i went from nearly 200 (mostly quizzes) to about 43   i feel accomplished   btw, if any facebook admins are reading this status, make the removal of apps a bit less complicated please   took me twenty minutes to get done "
"where is this quote from: \i am the greetest!\"""""
"apparently, my mom thinks that i have a grocery store under my bed   i just like to have food and drink packed away in case of a nuclear holocaust    or a random closing of the caf   "
"the cloudy sky is taunting me    i want my rain, dammit!"
currently watching the grammy's and the <propmale> rumble     ahh!  the wonders of the internets!
"i love how people don't read signs that are directly in front of their faces     eyeglasses are wonderful things, people!"
coffee is the <propfemale> of the gods     that is all    
i'm glad those 10 americans were indicted for child trafficking   just because you got permission from the dr to set up an orphanage for hatian children doesn't mean that the hatian government granted you permission to remove children from the country 
"crazy sleepy     wanna watch tv though     decisions, decisions    "
get at me on uno!
okaaayyy      the new facebook layout is fcukin' lame    
"just bought a new xbox360 and got one of my watches fixed    now if i could only get rid of this monthly curse, everything would be wonderful   "
even though christian kane is my husband     i heart hardison!
i just entered my football depression     next week that depression will be compounded by my leverage depression     why?!?!?!  why hast thou forsaken me?!?!?!
"just tore my room apart    between last tuesday and today, my tape has grown legs and run away    this is me being nervous!"
"curling has to be the most dumbest sport in the history of mankind     that's right   i said \most dumbest\""   it makes me feel dumb watching it   especially when i turn to a channel e playful ecting to see a television show that won't rot my brain """
what the freak is up with all these people i don't know friending me?  do i look the type the friend some random person i've never seen before?
"watching wrestling right now and it just occurred to me that on the real world, <propfirst> mizanin, aka the miz, was one of the biggest guys there, but in the wwe, he's kinda small   this makes me wonder just how big the big guys truly are "
not feeling very well    might go to sleep early tonight    won't change the fact that i'll miss my alarm in the morning   damn sleeping gnome    always making me miss my alarm   
is it strange that my butt cheeks hurt from sitting for an extended period of time?
6 more days    
just did <propmale> homework   now i'm going to flatiron my hair and drink another cup of coffee before the beginning of my day   6 more days    
"is in a war with <propfemale> hatchett     we already agreed on the schedule with christian kane   either we work out a schedule with <propfirst> morrison, or we go to the deathmatch arena   your choice    "
this year's dwts roster is full of attention whores    i look forward to someone reeking of suck!
<propfemale> moormann: i just put up the shades of black(ness) program pictures that i have   sorry i didn't get them up yesterday!  the desk was too busy and i feel asleep as soon as i got back to my room 
i forgot to do it today     5 more days    
two more days      get crunk!
"naptime, dinner, then guitar hero!  chea!"
should i use spring break to work on my bulletin boards for next month?  save myself the trouble at the end of the month?
"4 more pages of notes to type, then gotta do deutsch hausaufgabe     that's <propmale> homework, btw   yeah, i know i'm too awesome   sucks that i can't spread the wealth    for you!"
my eyes are insanely dry   i have to use drops every couple hours   i don't have chronic dry eye   my tear ducts just don't work  very well   why do i need tear ducts anyway?  crying sucks!
"almost done with my spring break homework     who's more awesomer than you? (btw, i know i said a word that doesn't exist     you still can't correct me!  i've corrected myself! :insert maniacal laugh here smile "
found a spider in my bathroom this morning     first time i found a spider in my bathroom at school    i was incredibly frightened     it died     mysteriously      and somehow ended up flushed down the toilet    
"apparently, the people at wimberly library don't understand that when i ask to be shown where something is located (within the library) i don't want to be told that i can find it online   if i wanted to find it online, i wouldn't have gotten dressed and walked to the library   dumbasses     "
"<propfemale> hatchett: you need to get christian kane's new album!  it's only 5 songs, but we need to support our husband!"
"really debating weather i should take a quick nap, do desk, and wash my hair then pass out, or stay up, do desk, wash my hair, then pass the fcuk out   decisions, decisions   "
i have made my decision   nap time is far more important than anything else i have planned for the rest of the night 
<propmale> <propfirst> looks a lot bigger than he did when he retired 
i'm sleepy    spring break backlash is hittin' hard!
"apparently, <propfemale> fischer doesn't remember me from being a resident in hpt for three semesters (as <propfirst> <propmale>'s resident)   this amuses me    "
finds that antm isn't nearly as absorbing as it once was     why does life have to change all the time?
"where's my money, man?!  where's my money?!  i want my money!"
i just drank a 16 ounce energy drink   i'm still sleepy  might take a nap   not entirely sure 
"yo momma is so fat, her patronus is a cake  -<propfemale> b "
"\rabbits don't lay eggs?\""  whoever said it knows who they are """
cooked my mom her birthday dinner  baronessa bonano is enjoying the food me and <propfirst> collins cooked   it will be delicious!
"the if magazine stream of concon is spotty, at best   this saddens me   i hope that they put it on site or youtube later   i need my christian kane voice!"
just finished most of my homework   to read or to play video games?  what a decision to make!
"my body wants to sleep, but my brain is fighting it with all its three pounds   i also have to do a crapload of homework     homework i didn't remember until 5 minutes ago    dang it "
fau is full of morons    especially the people that are sent to housing to post notices    notices that they like to post on bulletin boards     bulletin boards that are not meant to have notices posted on them 
"zelia mendes theodoropoulos will be proud to know that i remembered what iambic pentameter is, nearly four years after i was in her class!"
"i don't know why, but ever since i saw iron man, <propfirst> downey, jr 's been really attractive to me     this is slightly confusing "
"nap time, then advising meeting, then (if time permits) homework and duty     this week is going to be crap on a stick!"
<propmale> bloom as legolas = lickable  <propmale> bloom as anything else = not so much 
i think i'm catching a cold    or some mucus creature has taken up residence in my face 
<propfemale> hatchett: don't play!  you know they belong to me!
really contemplating watching park chan-wook's vengeance trilogy      do i want to see gruesome bloodyness?  i need to find ichi the killer!
watching the last two lord of the rings then ichi the killer while doing homework    and i'm on duty   hopefully today will be a good day   residents behave!
"2waffles, you suck the scruts of a donkey   that is all "
this is me feeling like crap and not really wanting to go anywhere   damn you spring semester!  i don't even know what i'm allergic to 
"just had two cups of coffee and did my <propmale> homework in 10 minutes   yeah, today has started off pretty good "
may <propmale> <propfemale> quee jr  have the best birthday he's ever had!     at least until next year!
"why do the rest of my pokes disappear when i poke someone back?  facebook, you bastard   "
i am the desk duty <propfemale>!!!!  i have desk minions   for i am awesome!!!!
"i just saw clash of the titans with <propfemale> merkal, <propfirst>, and <propmale>   'twas awesome indeed   release the kracken!"
"spring semester, you suck somethin' fierce!"
insomnia sucks somethin' fierce!!!!!
come play cards on the third floor at 7 smile 0 tonight!
this is me working on my bulletin boards tonight     while i have a slight migraine 
"i just finished my <propmale> presentation   my professorin says i did gut   that means i have one project down, 5 more to go   within the next ten days   yay me  <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> spence must have the bestest birthdays they've ever had today   i mandate it!"
announcement: dr  <propfirst> kollander is the awesomest of awesome professors in the history of awesome professors   i bow down and bask in all her awesome <propfemale>   that is all 
the marriage ref is full of hilarity   go online and watch it   i demand you watch!!!!
cheerleaders in texas is nasty!
collapse      why you don't be working?!?!
i wanna see the losers  <propfirst> collins we'll see that too 
one nation under a groove!!!!
next set of albums for me to get: the entire discography of the parliament-funkadelic      or as much of it that i can find   make my funk the p-funk!
"slightly nauseous right now    caf, you gotta step it up!  this is the second day in a row!"
"fau wireless, you suck something fierce   that is all "
"no power and i can't sleep without hearing the air conditioner blowing   waiting, waiting, waiting    "
<propfemale> hatchett: secondspin com is where i ordered my lotr dvds 
<propfemale> hatchett : secondspin com is where i ordered my lotr dvds 
"just finished watching triumph of the will   true, hitler was one of the worst human beings to ever live, but his propaganda machine's success is alternately fascinating and horrifying "
i enjoy jeopardy 
thank you <propfirst> rogers for the delicious smoothie i am enjoying as i watch katt <propmale> and write a paper!
"\it puts the lotion on its skin   \"""""
i hate when i've been working on my computer for so long that my eyes start feeling like i have crud in them   and when my eyelashes start falling into my eyes  when i have the cruddy-eye feeling   it makes me want to not have eyes for a good second     then i look at my desktop and i smack the crap out of myself for thinking so blasphemously 
no summer classes for me!  yay!  woot!  i can finally catch up on my pleasure reading and sleep!
i'm crashing crop tomorrow!  be prepared for the return of the <propfemale>!
"i have a migraine, craploads of end of semester homework to do, i'm on duty, and i feel like s**t   time for a nap "
i wish i had unlimited amounts of money so i could get all the books that i want 
"\po' lil' tink tink   \"""""
"i love how when i make a comment on someone's <propfemale> (and they know i'm joking), someone i don't even know takes me seriously   people: if someone you don't know says something you don't like, you have two options: a) make a comment and look like a dumb f**k when you get told about yourself, or b) stay quiet and act like you have some damn sense  your choice "
i broke my rattail comb this morning   note to self: remember to buy two or three so you aren't stuck with a broken comb until you go back home 
my day officially sucks like a hoover whirlwind!  nothing has gone right   i always knew there was a reason that i hated mondays 
naptime for me!
meant to wake up at 10pm    woke up at 8 smile 0am   at least i feel better than i did yesterday 
i got my lotr dvds today!  watching all the extras before i watch the films again   today might end on a good note 
"if anyone doesn't think google chrome is the greatest browser out now, let me point you to the adblock extention!  this is what awesome looks like "
i will be almost completely stress free this time tomorrow   chea!
terrible headache as i write a paper means that this week officially sucks donkey scruts   at least i'm going home friday 
going to see the losers and clash of the titans with <propfirst> collins   release the kracken!
"meeting   ironing my clean clothes   typing out notes and studying for finals   today sounds suspiciously like it might be a relatively good day   if so, it will be the first in a long while   this makes me happy "
"facebookers: as of yesterday, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck \""allow\""    please copy & repost """
"not feeling too well right now   not bad enough not to work, but bad enough to not want to work   i thought the rain would dampen (no pun intended) the allergens in the air    nope   not for me "
"the more i listen to imma be, the more i realize, bep puts out such shining nuggets of gold    only for those <propfemale> nuggets to turn into brown turds   this is me sadly shaking my head for all the wasted potential "
rupaul drag race is the messiest show i done ever seen!
tooday is free printing day for fau housing students 8 smile 0am-5pm   visit http annoyed  printonline fau edu
"thanks to <propfemale> <propmale> for today, especially since i apparently cannot count "
"ahmadinejad is applying for a us visa    <propfirst>, <propfirst> eeeennnnteresting!"
the fresh meat challenge on mtv is dirty this season!  i love the backstabbing!
"dear fau, i am not graduating this year   please stop emailing me about being a graduate of the class of 2010   thank you "
this is me being irritated out of my f****** mind!  and i'm on duty   on a saturday   e playful ect someone to get cussed out at some point in the next 24 hours 
new boondocks @ 11 smile 0pm!  get on it!
to stay in and watch america: the story of us or go to midnight breakfast?  i won't decide until 10:59 i'm sure 
"the more i listen to la roux, the more i like them   i usually don't listen to electropop either "
got a b+ so far     c'mon feinman!  gimme my grade!
"i saw a 17 inch <propmale> bloom doll for sale   it's $300   plus $25 for shipping and another $25 for insurance   i don't have that kind of money   its only for sale for the next two days   i want it, but i can't afford it   i want to cry "
"\get da ambalamps!  call dem!\"""""
june 20th   let's get it!
can someone e playful lain to me why my grades haven't been posted on myfau yet?  this is me being annoyed 
what is the one word that amuses you for reasons you can't e playful lain?  my word: nougat 
"<propmale> <propmale>, the joy of painting   the best show from when i was little ever!  i'm watching videos of it now!"
this is me being pissed off at human life in general right now   i need to play video games 
this is me disliking washing dishes   meh   
g4 is the greatest channel ever   unbeatable banzuke and ninja warrior   watch 'em!
family feud on facebook sucks balls   that is all 
"playing oblivion and watching lie to me   yeah, tonight is a good night "
"after seeing the <propmale> of persia, i have reevaluated my assessment of <propmale> gyllenhaal   he is not as unattractive as i had initially thought   i guess two and half hours of watching him doing parkour all over morocco and sweating with long hair is a good thing "
"chillin' in the hospital with my mom and my brother for memorial day   not a bad way to spend the holiday, all things considered "
"alright, whoever puts a <propfirst> diaper on their baby needs to have their asses beat   your kid should not be walking around outside with no pants on   a regular diaper does the same thing and you can actually put regular pants on your kid   in summary: <propfirst> diaper + baby = ass whoopin'   any questions?"
"now ride    ya whip!  ride ya whip, ghost ride yo' whip!"
"i wear no pants   i weeeaaarrrr no pants   i wear, i wear, i weeeaaarrrr nnnnoooooo pants!"
going to spend a couple hours at the hospital with my mom today   she's coming home tomorrow afternoon!  i am excite!
everybody     geddan!
"yo!  if you ain't near a tv, get near one!  if you ain't got access to a bootleg feed of it online, find one!  world cup time!  o le's do it!"
i didn't know that north korea was in the world cup   huh    
epically bored right now   i'll probably watch ironman again and drool over rdj 
"has anyone ever killed an insect and realized that they're screaming \die!  die!  die!\"" as they're killing them?"""
heard thunder about half an hour ago    didn't see not a drop of rain     disappointed?  you have no idea 
all you vuvzela haters need to quit   that horn is awesome!
history of the world: part i ftw   that is all 
leverage is love!
anybody got any ideas on how to make my mom understand that when a doctor tells her to rest that means as much as possible and not just when she's in pain?
"having a rocko's modern life marathon right now   yeah, netflix is awesome!"
who else is excited right now?  i'm excited right now 
"kobe <propmale>?  kobe <propmale>?  <propmale> <propfirst>, you need speech classes "
i just realized i've seen nearly every movie <propfemale> bullock's ever made 
i'm depressed   
watching bye bye <propfemale>   depression is lifting 
cutting coupons and 'bout to watch <propfirst> rockwell is bleeding   leverage @ 9 tonight!
awesomest character name ever: vash the stampede 
what is the plural of weenis?  would it be weenises or weeni?
watching the replay of the bet awards   they did a super closeup of ti during the debarge performance   i didn't realize that ti has a hitler moustache 
"\i wanna be your lover!\"""""
my parents are crazy    never a dull moment 
i find myself becoming excited about the upcoming school year     what the hell is wrong with me?!?!?  i don't wanna go back yet!
"apparently, doctor tebow is a juggernaut on the new madden "
watching cowboy bebop: the movie   the soundtrack is awesome 
"\ha ha ha ha!  mine is an evil laugh!\"""""
"i want firefly back, but that would mean not having castle   damn you <propmale> fillion and all your awesome awesomeness!!!"
and germany continues their international rapefest   i feel bad for their next opponent 
i meant to watch the ufc fight tonight   wanna know what i did instead?  i forgot about it until about 10 minutes ago and spent the time during the fight cutting coupons and flat ironing my mom's hair   fml     
watching lotr with my mom   it's still sprinkling here 
"rain, rain, don't go away   i live on high ground so i'll be okay!"
i've just been e playful osed to the horrible horror of spacedocking   i wanna cry and rip out my brain   please don't google that term   for your own safety 
i'm liking <propfirst> and <propmale> more and more 
looks like the hoes gon' come out in droves when the nba season starts!
who wants to put down money that <propfirst> <propmale> is going to take over the team if it becomes apparent that the heat are going to win a championship?
<propfirst> <propmale> needs to man the f**k up!  he's starting to sound a little like a scorned female 
i have there goes my baby stuck in my head       damn you usher!
i just realized something when i was watching cartoons that i used to watch as a teeny-weenie   some of the things nickelodeon used to put on were completely ridiculous!
finna go see inception   i'll tell you what i think when i get back 
"christian kane sings on leverage tonight!  then, the song he sings goes on sale   i am excite!"
"the episodes that focus on eliot are a blessing and a curse   it focuses on him, but there's usually a girl with him   damn you catch-22!"
"been watching <propmale> degrasse <propmale> videos for the past half hour   he makes me wanna be an astronomer      then i realize i hate math with a passion, so i'll just settle for being one of his many adorers "
inconceivable!
i was just thinking to myself: i love peanut m&m's and i hate reese's peanut butter cups   these are things i wonder late at night 
i nearly got squeezed to death by <propfirst> collins five minutes ago   i must now seek my revenge!!!!
how many dudes do you know since 1954 that rock bouffants?  dang!  not a good look    
who wants to see inception again when i get back the fau in august?
i want the miniature giraffe from the new directtv ad   that is all 
really thinking about having a jgl movie marathon   inception got me thinking about him a lot   
nfl network needs to stop bobbing their heads in <propfirst> farve's lap   they're drooling a bit   
"\will the apocalypse come with two sides and a biscuit?\"""""
watching generation kill   <propfirst> skarsgard can gnaw on my neck anytime   
i just watched generation kill all the way through   i love war movies and <propfirst> skarsgard   this was a good 6 hours 
"me, my dad, and <propfirst> collins are having a deep discussion about who has the best receiving corps this season   my brother is saying that cincinnati has the best in the league   my dad is making arguments for everyone beside cincinnati   what do you think?"
"\opulence   i has it \"""""
"i laugh at the mormon church   money well spent, boys   prop 8 in california got repealed   why are they tax exempt again?"
back in boca   not unpacking until tomorrow   took a shower and now about to sleep till tomorrow morning   i'll holla!
i need a new security cube and the rack behind my bathroom door put up again   *sigh*
"happy birthday to <propfemale> <propfemale> barnes, <propfirst> callahan, and rakesh ramcharan!  here's to another year, guys!"
"happy birthday to <propfemale> swanick, gio torres, and <propmale> sabbagh   hope your birthday has been a great one so far!"
listening to the college dropout and working on decorations   i'm disappointed in <propfirst>'s of boca's selection of embroidery kits   i was not a happy hamster 
is anyone else not able to pull up their book list on myfau?
"i don't know what is up with the two professors that don't have my book lists submitted to the bookstore, but they need to get it up before next week   i'm getting annoyed right now "
i have way too many photos on my memory card for my camera 
"guess what?  my coffee pot turns on   it doesn't work   it doesn't make coffee   i've only had it for less than a year   cheap is not always the way to go, i now understand "
<propfirst> w  drummer is the bestest guy in the wide world!  i got a set of free shelves and will get a free lapdesk from him  and i got a free digital voice recorder   today was a good day 
"apparently, even though i'm an ra and living on campus and have gone through two weeks of training, i've cancelled my housing contract and i'm no longer in the dorms, thus no longer needing a meal plan   this is all after i saw, with my own two eyes, my name in the book of meal plans, in the ra section, in the cafeteria   fau needs more competent administrators "
"pissed off, hot, and want nothing more than to punch someone in the face right now   today has been awful and its not even 3 yet "
school begins for me in less than 24 hours   i am excite!
"instead of relaxing like i had planned, i've been watching videos of guys getting their hair cut   the things youtube ropes me into watching    "
just realized that the 2010 edition of the <propfemale> is different   i feel kinda dumb 
"this semester i am taking interpretation of fiction   when i got the syllabus, the first thing that jumped into my mind: \treat this as if you were still in zelia mendes theodoropoulos's class   you'll do just fine \""  thanks ms  mendes!"""
teach me how to dougie 
i think i'm catching a cold    and i can't find my theraflu   i have to go buy some tomorrow   this sucks the scruts of a donkey 
i can't wait for movie on the lawn on saturday!  yet another opportunity to drool over rdj!
i know my residents were born in a different <propfemale>   one of them didn't know who <propfirst> wonder is   disappointing 
guess who has a temperature of 99 6f?
can't sleep because i keep coughing and can't breathe through my right nostril   being sick is no bueno 
"if anybody is going to the caf at some point for dinner, could you come get my owl card and get me a to go box?  plz thx!"
gerhard heij is the most wonderfulest guy in the world right now!  my night is over   i'm going to pass out now 
"what sucks: iron man 2 is being played on the lawn, but i'm sick and i can't be there right now without feeling like crap   i think i'm going to watch it online   yay bootlegs!"
watching iron man 2 has made me realize that i love facial hair more than i originally thought 
i love how my professor told us he would email the rest of the syllabus to us this weekend   it's now 11 smile 6 on sunday night   i still ain't got the rest of the syllabus   this reeks of weak sauce 
overslept and missed her first class this semester   being sick sucks something fierce!
i love pandora 
"i have been jammin' usher \guilty\"" forth last 15 minutes   he needs to stop puttin' out dem bangas!"""
"i'm finally getting my stuff unpacked after 3 weeks of being here   and i'm listening to jimi hendrix, pink <propmale>, and lynyrd skynyrd while doing it   yeah, you can bow down to my awesome as much as you'd like "
"ya gurl finna be ballin', yo!"
"kinda don't wanna go to class, but i like the professor, soooooo      meh "
football is back!!!!  all is right with the world once more!
happy birthday to <propfirst> salois!  you are a year older and (hopefully) wiser!  let's continue this tradition!
"watching movies and reading about the origins of the vietnam war   yeah, i'm having a pretty good night, indeed "
i put oil in my dad's car today   i feel accomplished 
"in less than two hours, my seven month depression will finally be completely lifted   yay for football!!!!!"
who wants to find me a heating pad?  my body is rebelling against me    
thanks to <propfemale> merkal and <propmale> scozzafava for making my day!  i was stressed out and tired as hell and you guys got me out of my room for a couple hours   i appreciate it you guys!
rihanna looks ridiculous   
lady gaga looks like a goddamn peacock that got attacked by a crayola factory 
why is jaden smith with <propfirst> bieber?  they need to take their young behinds to bed!
drank three cups of coffee today    still about to fall asleep   this is me being sad 
"<propfirst> romo, you fail at life   go ram your face into a steel spike   maybe having brain damage might make you less of a choke artist "
<propfirst> derulo can't sing live   he should stick to radio and music videos 
looks like the chick from paramore and b o b  finally met   now we can quit talking about that crap!
what the fuck is up with <propfirst> shinoda's hair?  did someone put a bowl on his head and cut around it?
that laugh sounds like a jackhammer mixed with the chipmunks    jus' sayin'   
"alright, kanye    puttin' yo' taco meat on display!  rock it!"
"okay, mtv   blank out other curse words, but you don't blank out \assholes\""?     right    """
"it just dawned on me that kanye was rewarded for what he did last year   kanye, that is an example of epic win!"
"oh   my   lord    if it ain't romo, it's a lineman   damn, i feel bad for <propfirst> fans   "
can someone e playful lain to me the purpose of a language requirement?  especially since i'll never use any language that i learn beyond english?
"90% of the people that do my peer editing are morons   some think that i've used words that don't exist or used existing words in an incorrect context   and the others can't understand complex sentences   bitch get a dictionary, thesaurus, and style guide before you critique my writing!"
today started off relatively good   it is now full of ish   *<propfemale> sigh*
i just realized that freaker's ball is on a day that i have duty   ffffuuuuuu     !!!!!!!!!
three hour classes are hell on my back   that is all 
manning bowl 2010!  let's go!
i learned how to make a box out of printer paper on sunday   yay interwebs!
"get sickle smart with me and <propmale> <propmale> in the hpt mpr tonight at 8!  on a side note, should i drink a cup of coffee before the program, because i'm kinda falling asleep right now?"
i enjoy peas 
thanks to <propfemale> derienzo for giving me my christmas nails!  sn: i spent a good 30 minutes trying to figure out why my nails were giving me <propfemale> vu   they look like a christmas sweater i saw in <propfemale>'s 
"\just youuuu knoooowwww whhhhyyyy      whyyyy yooouuuu annnnddd iiiiiiiii!\"""""
"\we on a world tour wale ya man hustlin' each and every ghetto wit a <propfirst> in my hand!\""  instant classic!"""
"i'm in the library if anyone would like to join me before 6 smile 0pm   if you do come join me, get a study room "
this is me being annoyed   
"\but it was too late and she died from an angry hymen    fin \"""""
"seriously, someone find me a panda suit for halloween "
i want aminal crackers!
"     aaannnnndddd, drunk residents have massacred my bulletin board   thank cthulu i have to change it this weekend "
"i love how they're blasting \put on\"" in the stadium at the miami game """
<propfirst> sinise looks like <propmale> <propfirst> zant in <propmale> gump 
"after two cups of coffee, i'm still sleepy   i'm taking a nap after class "
<propfirst> beck is the dumbest human being alive   why he is still taken seriously baffles me   
is it me or does 16 and pregnant seem to be glamorizing teen pregnancy?
i'm glad <propfirst> o'donnell apologized for the introduction he gave <propfirst> steele   at least he acknowledges when he is wrong 
midterm in 2 hours and 8 minutes    gaaahhh!!!!
"i just finished a three hour midterm   i was the last one to leave   i didn't aim for that distinction, btw "
why do some people feel the need to rip things down?  especially when they are representatives of others?
"<propfirst> dobbs, you fail at life   that is all "
"i was kinda hoping to spend the day at home today   not happening   my mom continues to hear me, not listen "
"strange the amount of hate for alabama lately   i mean i understand wanting to see number one fail, but dang!"
"i love the cheap fog, um   save that money!"
is the sound for the game (or abc) not working for anyone else?
iz sleepy   
   <propfemale> sigh    
thanks to shanique fathead <propfirst> for the chicken she cooked last night   my breakfast was gooder than a mug!
i just ate a fruit by the foot for the first time in nearly 10 years   i feel accomplished 
i don't like the way that the chat box on the left side of the screen looks now   'tis not okay 
i have the greatest hall coordinator in all the land    i  love  <propfemale>!!!
so bleedin' tired right now 
four weeks til i'm 22 and four days til halloween horror nights   chea!
i just donated blood for the first time   be happy for me and tell me i did a good job   these are my orders   follow them!
"attention: \irregardless\"" is not a word   stop it   that is all """
"collapse    you are not saving my score this week   therefore, i now dislike you   "
the village is doing big things with their haunted house!  go get skurred!
"why is it that peer editing is a necessary part of <propmale> rule writing classes?  most of the people that edit my paper provide one or two valid, helpful comments out of twenty or twenty-five pieces of nonsense    it is basically fifty wasted minutes of my life that i will never get back   once again, my classmates prove that reading is something totally necessary in life "
i have a <propmale> of graduating next year with a double <propmale> in history and interdisciplinary studies with a minor in political science   yay for advisors!
"<propfirst> park: could you get me a box at the caf?\me: sure \ <propfirst> park: you know what?  nevermind   i'm just gonna make myself some rice \me:    you're so asian!\ <propfirst> park: actually, i'm gonna make ramen in a rice pot "
"announcement: that \no hands\"" by waka flocka flame feat  wale and <propmale> dash go hard   that is all """
f\\ns d  collins
and <propfirst> <propmale> has triumphantly returned to fau!  today is a good day!
food at the housing lawn!!!!  go!!! it's freeeeeeeee!!!!!
i hate when i go to vote and get accosted by people begging me to vote for someone \\ns d  collins
i just saw a chick with acrylic nails straight out of 1994   long and colorful   smdh\\ns d  collins
the elevators in south tower are dead    this is me dreading duty tomorrow 
i just finished my first magic draft   'twas awesome indeed 
t-minus 12 days   
"if i disappeared for a couple days, would anyone be upset?  that's what i wanna do right now "
"i am deep in \f*$# it\"" mode right now   this week already sucks donkey scruts """
"thank you, <propmale> meek, for splitting the vote and giving us a tea party nutcase senator \\ns d  collins"
"happy birthday to three very beautiful ladies: avy <propmale>, kelissa geffrard, and tempest fitts!  may your day be filled with awesome!"
   my throat hurts    and nothing else   
sooooo      i gots no voice today   and my throat hurts    and my jaw hurts    but the rest of my body feels fine    has anyone found a voodoo doll with my likeness with needles in the throat and jaw?
"who wants to go to the caf @ 5?  btw, i can only eat soup and hot tea until my throat feels better    sucks?  oh, i think so "
i hate when people schedule my time for me \\ns d  collins
"no temperature, but my nose is running and i'm coughing up internal organs   on a better note, my throat isn't hurting nearly as much as it was yesterday   what is wrong with me?!"
i just found a pumpkin and 43 cents (and 15 cents of that was a dime and a nickle) on my floor   i iz confused   
there's so many girls gettin' loose at the concert!\\ns d  collins
we got more opening acts than the law allow   luda still hasn't performed   dis sum bull----!\\ns d  collins
had a good visit with my brother   now for duty and homework    (<propfirst> park) & possibly magic?
"i've got my schedule mostly figured out for next semester   i still need to make an appointment for advising, though   someone remind me tomorrow "
today is <propfemale> fischer's birthday!  you can finally drink (again)!
i gots the bestest boss in the wide world!!!!!  yay <propfirst> w  drummer!!!!
"i'm 22 years old today!  be happy for me!  this is my birthday <propfemale>!  it also means i'm one day closer to christmas, which is one day closer to gettin' a hess truck!  yay for the last 8 weeks of the year!  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  i appreciate your remembering my birthday!"
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  the love i feel from you guys is like a warm blanket after being buried in ice for a couple hours    'tis nice indeed 
"this was a good weekend   i got good food, lots of rest, and played the new call of duty   i don't really wanna go back to school "
writing essays has become like pulling teeth for me   kill me now!
"i understand that you play football, sir, but your lycra under armour shirt should not be baggy   hit the weights a little harder before you try that look again   thanks "
make my funk da p-funk!
there's someone that looks like <propmale> <propmale> at fau   how odd \\ns d  collins
i  love  sunday   and now for something not so completely different:  i just realized i get really excited for the new england v  indianapolis games every season    and i really don't care for either team   i guess i  love  football that much 
yyyyeeeeaaahhhhh!  and yet another of <propfirst> favre's records is going to be broken!  more reason for that attention whore to retire!
wrestling is finally kinda interesting again   yay 
guess who doesn't have class tomorrow?  this kid!
i've cracked my thumbnail in such an awkward manner that i have to wait for it to grow before i can cut it at the crack   pictures of the crack possibly upcoming 
happy turkey day!!!!
gettin' a droid when the new operating systems comes out next year!
   my big brother gettin' old   that means i'm gettin' old     <propfirst> collins what happened to the cryogenic plans we made?!
i'm groovin' to waka flocka flame with my family tonight   how awesome are we?
my stomach hurts from laughing so hard at <propmale> smith's mispeaks   my brother says that his brain hurts from listening to it 
espn needs to bring back <propmale> smith to commentary and analysis   i looked forward to that on sundays   comedic gold!
my face feels like its going to e playful lode   time for the sudafed and cough meds   again    meh   
i guess he's an xbox and i'm more an atari!
one final grade in   three more to go   
my <propmale> professor is late to my final   fml    \\ns d  collins
"i just bought my inception dvd!  <propfemale> <propmale>, abbi rosen, <propfemale> <propmale>, and whoever else wants in on the watching of awesome, tonight!  text me later for more details!"
i saw a duck sleeping for the first time today   it was standing up   then i went to the village and saw two more sleeping   they were sitting \\ns d  collins
i love how facebook is glitching up right now 
this semester is officially the worst semester in my college e playful erience   this break is going to suck   
"had a good day with my dad for his birthday   now, time for some oblivion   i've been neglecting it \\ns d  collins"
<propfemale> hatchett you'd better be watching tnt right now!
i never have to take another language class for as long as i live!  all hail meeeeee!!!!!
i'm typing this from my new droidx   probably gonna be toying with this all night 
i was wondering why i slept better than i have in weeks   it's raining!!
i just spent the last hour and a half clearing out two email accounts i haven't looked at in two years   i'll check 'em again in another two years 
it's been three years since the first robot chicken <propfemale> wars special and i'm no less excited about it 
i think i might have to get that tronlegacy soundtrack 
"dont be lookin' at qunicy jones!  <propmale> jones cain't help you out!\god, i love the boondocks!!"
the great thing about desk duty in a block: i can watch two documentaries   yeah   i'm a geek   and?
headline news just spelled choked wrong   they put chocked   i didn't know someone could chocked   i dont even know what chocked is 
happy christmas to everyone that celebrates it!
me and my brother are killing my dad in monopoly right now 
i already beat my dad once in monopoly and i'm about to do it again 
rip <propfemale> <propfemale>
"happy birthday to <propfemale> brinkman, <propfirst> <propmale>, and <propfemale> <propmale>!  have a wonderful birthday ladies!"
i love hoe my phone randomly started ringing   for no reason   no texts   no calls   just wanted to ring 
am i the only one that feels like i lose all sense of time during training at night?
sunday night is football night!!!!!!!
i <propfirst> bought two new pairs of house shoes   they are comfortable   i am happy 
who's excited about school starting tomorrow?  i am!
already awake and ready for learning!
"so    i just spent $15 on a book i didn't need   yeah, it was $15 from a gift card, but that's $15 dollars i could have spent on a book i didn't need, but wanted!"
game time!!!!!!!   le'go!!!!!
"<propfemale> hatchett you better be watching wrestling right now, girl!  <propfirst> is on!!!!"
"and the sec has proven their dominance once again for the fifth year in a row   i'm a proud owl, but i recognize consistent greatness and the sec has it "
"so   i found my old owl card   it was in a pair if pants i haven't worn in a week   it still works in the vending machines, so yay!  i didn't lose $20 after all"
i want a fountain pen!
"\guv'ment came and took mah baaaayyyyybyyyyyy!!!!!!\""\",80f9703fa107490775584d3b9cc45851,"even though <propfirst> statham is, like, 40 and balding    i'd still get at him if i had an opportunity "
rakesh ramcharan made my day with the photo he posted for me!  i can sleep happily tonight!
i think fau is trying to kill me   my nose has been running all day and i've been sneezing my face off all day 
why are taxes being taken from me?  this makes me kinda depressed now     i like my almost $9 i'm not getting   
makin' this facebook official: i wanna see the green hornet   who's gonna go with me?
needs a nap   class in 40 minutes   nose still running like flojo 
<propfirst> chou is my newest asian lover!
i wanna go see the mechanic 
today goes on record as being one of my worst of the last ten years 
someone remind me why i became a history <propmale> 
someone let their dog poop in the breezeway next to the jewish center   watch your step!
the new blackboard sucks somethin' fierce!
how nice it is to know that my residents are thieves   
"dear fau,\i want my refund now   thank you and good day "
why is it that all the dudes on maury on the paternity shows are ugly?  how did they get all these women to sleep with them?
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnndddddddddddddd, my headphones are officially dead  i have to go buy new ones tonight   how does this suck?  let me count the ways   "
"i was wondering why my feet were cold in my room   its frickin' 51 outside!  time to break out the thick, purple, wool socks!"
"note to all residents annoyed your ra can hear 99% of everything you do in the hallway   just marinate on that   "
"dear fau,\you said you deposited my financial aid refund on friday   you lied   please don't lie to me about my money   it is not conducive to trust in this relationship   we're gonna be together for the next 18 months, at least   i need to trust you   kthxbai "
hhhhaaaa!!!! u mad!!!!!
i'm watching tlc and one of the subject's brothers is kinda cute   but he's automatically out of the running for anything because his brother is a subject of a tlc documentary   that means he's got some genetic mess that the doctors can't even figure out   i already have enough problems of my own   
"dear fau,\thank you for finally putting my money in my account   i was kinda sick of having no money with which to buy copious amounts of crap that i want like fire, but, in the grand scheme of things, don't need  (yes, i am aware that was a massive run on sentence; ask me if i care!)  i am still somewhat cross with you for lying to me and getting my hopes up this weekend, but the money has kinda soothed the pain "
fau's inter library <propfemale> sucks <propmale> donkey scruts!     fyi   
i'm two seconds away from telling my waitress to respeck mah athoritah!  she ain't getting no tip!
"just bought iron man 1 & 2, sherlock holmes, and <propmale> of persia   avy <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> valentin: when are we watching movies again?"
i want bacon 
not paying attention in class because my professor doesn't know what he is asking the class 
"give a larbage, throw out your garbage!"
"i don't know why i plan to do things on thursday mornings, when i know i'm just gonna sleep "
"i can't watch what chilli wants   i'm seeing all these gorgeous dudes paraded in front of her and she's finding something wrong with them   i understand you want a dude that likes kids and doesn't smoke or drink, but damn!  girl you got models tryna get wit' you!"
"watching iron man with my mom   she's keeps falling asleep   when she talks, she sounds like she drunk   i giggle "
wtf is super 8 about?!?!   i've seen ads for it for almost two years and i still can't figure out what it's about 
"guess who has a new monitor, snitches!  thanks <propfirst> park!"
i just saw the first two episodes of doctor who for the first time   now i see what all the fuss about 
"i almost smacked a trick in my class today   i know you ain't rushing me, but damn!   ain't no reason for you to get stank wit' me!"
my hell week has finally ended   time for    another hell week    remind me why i'm a double <propmale> again?
"i need ideas on how i'm supposed to die for an obituary i have to write   the more outrageous, the better "
watching bollywood movies and doing homework   tonight is a good night 
"wtf is up with the notifications, facebook?  i want to go to the <propfemale> that you've notified me about, not get a popup window-thingy   quit changin' stuff!  btw, dinner in the caf tonight?  no bueno "
"is there any way to make the standard earth day longer than 24 hours?  if so, i would like to add 5 hours   thank you person that can do this "
i now must watch wrestlemania   i have no choice   spoiler alert! #therockisback!
i just wrote my obituary   for a class   is my professor trying to tell the class something?
faaaaiiiiilllll!!!!
jus' one a dem days   
<propfemale> hatchett: watch raw tomorrow night   that is all i'll say 
<propfemale> hatchett!  <propfirst> cena took it back to '05!  he still got it!
"i hate being messaged by people on facebook telling me to vote for someone   bitch, i'm grown!  if imma vote, you ain't gon' influence who i vote for!  don't message me wit' dis bullshit!  if i told yo' ass two seconds ago that i'm not voting for student government, don't tell me to do it again   i will cuss yo' dumbass out!"
tuesday hates me and all i stand for    the feeling is mutual   that is all 
i'm freakishly tired right now   i'm kinda worried about that   
is there any female ra that wants to take my place on the fras trip?  i can't go    crying   let me know so i can tell <propfemale> 
is there any female ra that wants to take my place on the fras trip? i can't go   crying  let me know so i can tell <propfemale> 
is there any female ra that wants to take my place on the fras trip? i can't go   crying  let me know so i can tell <propfemale> 
is there any female ra that wants to take my place on the fras trip? i can't go   crying  let me know so i can tell <propfemale> 
my back is killing me right now   sometimes being a girl sucks   
who else is watching the final launch of the shuttle discovery?
what the deuce?!
"let it whip!  let's whip it, baby!"
it's gonna be tight ya'll!!!!!
<propfemale> hatchett: <propfirst> cena better quit playin' wit' the rock   the rock can't keep takin' this young <propmale> to school   he makin' cena look like a damn fool!
"apparently i have allergies   on a better note, today is <propfemale> medina's birthday!  happy birthday!"
a nap is sounding like a better and better idea 
"the more i see that ad for the movie limitless, the more attractive <propmale> cooper becomes   that's yet another movie that i will be seeing "
interview t-minus 2 hours and 47 minutes   i'm more nervous for this than i feel i should be 
well     the new countdown begins    t-minus 6 days    
my nose is itching so much and i just want it to stop   allergies suck 
"attention!  everyone that will be living in innovation north, i'm going to be an ra there this fall!  new building!!!!!"
<propfemale> hatchett leverage premiere june 26th at 9pm   set your schedule!  hubby is back!
this week feels like it might be a good week 
"am i the only one who can't wait for the wwe debut of mistico?  fcuk \sin cara\""!  he will forever be mistico!"""
am i the only one who knew that would be the miz?
did anyone else know that a new season of the real world started?
i thought this week would be a good one   lies!!!!!
"congratulation to my cousin, niles collins!  gettin' married!  i couldn't make it up to <propfemale> (school ruins my life!), but i hope you and wifey can make it down here sometime!"
is anyone else at fau having wireless issues?
fau wireless sucks   anyone else having problems with the wireless right now?
"<propfemale> <propmale> sounds like a madwoman on hln right now   she really needs to understand that although she is a devout christian, the nation is not completely devoutly christian   the nation is comprised of various religions and beliefs "
i  love  cougar & jensen   all the awesome kids know what i'm talking about 
does anyone else know what happened to the regular 150 pokemon?  last i heard there was 2365859609546345123 new pokemon 
"a very happy birthday shout out to my cousin <propfemale> collins and my fellow owls <propfirst> rogers and abbi rosen!  have a great day, u guise!!!!!"
i've been awake since 5 smile 0   someone knock me out 
ya know what?  eff march 2011   end of the semester can come anytime!
"yo!  if you ain't got the cash to go to the club tonight, get to the lobby and hit up club hpt!  people gettin' loose!"
this week has slowly declined in to a hole the likes of which i've never seen   college officially sucks 
bam!!! poison up in yo' body!
"attention those hanging signs in housing: if you place your signs on the bulletin boards, e playful ect your organization to be hated by the ras   we work hard on our bulletin boards and your crappy signs ruining our boards just piss us off "
the fact that it is raining when i'm not able to sleep is a bad omen for the rest of the week   fml 
e&c together again!!!!
why is there another scream movie coming out?  it should have stopped at the second one 
road warriors getting inducted   i can cosign that 
i'm getting excited about the new tough enough 
i still love me some rock!
"sitting here at the desk, i've noticed that fau has terrible posture "
"i just had to unfriend someone because their statuses irritated me so much   i didn't really like them anyway, so     didn't really lose anything on that front "
i hate waking up and not being able to breathe 
happy birthday to the april babies: <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propmale> thorn!  have a great day u guise!
i just had to spent the last 10 minutes replacing almost a dozen ceiling tiles on my floor   why?  what did my residents feel was necessary to look at?
the caf never fully cooks the sausage and bacon   disappointing 
tell caf was supremely disappointing today    i haz a sad 
i hate being so stressed that i can't sleep 
feel like crap right now   i wish this semester would hurry up and end 
"taking a nap   the only reasons i should be disturbed are annoyed 1  something in the building is on fire or catastrophically failing  \2  one of my residents is dying"
"sooooooooo      who wants to get tickets to wrestlemania in miami april 1, 2012?  main event: the rock vs  <propfirst> cena   let's get it in!"
