149906743b6cdbf46c7f25c1d995f8ef
"this day in history    the opening of the monterey pop festival, 1967  imagine if that had never happened    "
"sometimes city living includes standing on the balcony, having a legitimate conversation with some raccoons, and feeling the electricity of the thunderstorm moving across the cemetery and out onto the lake    "
"i don't mean to offend anyone    i respect the music and talent, but the man was a scumbag and a child molester  i hope he felt every second of that hearthattack, which we know he didn't because it was caused by chemicals  it's just a shame, all around "
rectify  simplify  amplify 
is going to california!
it's not very far from sulfur to sugarcane   
is suddenly wide-awake    
8 days     smile 
usually the thing you're looking for is right there under your nose    and you never even knew it  smile 
the universe is totally working against me today    any other takers?
that's the best thing about plans    they can change  wink 
"nothing like cutting your own hair while you're intoxicated    i think it turned out pretty good, i'll let you know tomorrow  wink "
can't wait for 2010   
"\don't walk\"" means don't effing walk!"""
"the best things in life are free    but you can give them to the birds and bees, i want money!!!!     (that's what i want )"
"people never fail to amaze me    unfortunately today it's in the bad way  how does one become so damn trashy? i won't name any names but i hate to see yet another intelligent, independent female waste her life on garbage     lame  too bad, so sad  take care of yourselves, ladies  wink "
"the \other shoe\"" is officially dead  i killed it yesterday  everyone can stop waiting now   """
34 days   
he knows what i'm thinking before i'm even thinking it  wink 
i could really use that e-mail    
the key fell out of the envelope     of course  i reeeeeaaaaalllllyyyyy need that e-mail 
so    who wants to buy my car??? i'll sell it to you    cheap  (seriously )
"lines of communication are down    apparently it's on to plan \b\""    now i just have to figure out what plan \""b\"" actually consists of """
"24 days    oh, and did anyone else notice that daylight savings time ends on halloween night? so that means i can stay at the bar until 6 am  ? chaos "
just spent 45 precious minutes looking for a parking space    i'm sure not gonna miss that!
really should be packing     going to the movies instead  smile 
"my dad bought my mom a \wii\"" for their aniversary    i think that is just about the cutest thing i've ever heard  smile """
"i am moving in 11 days and i haven't packed a damn thing    i should probably get on that  \hurry up and wait\"" just turned into \""hurry up\"" """
is probably having the best last day of work ever! love it!
made it to california safe and sound and probably a little less sane     and i will not be going to see new <propfemale> this weekend    or any other weekend for that matter  i love you guys but you really need to get out more  wink 
"happy thanksgiving, everyone  hope it's the best dang turkey you ever did eat   oh, and don't forget to support your local economy- skip the \big box\"" stores on black friday  what you pay for is usually exactly what you get  wink """
three cheers to the great lakes state    it's good to be home 
"\climategate\""? really? is anyone really all that surprised? i'm so tired of seeing and hearing news that isn't actually newsworthy """
i heart the <propfemale> girls  wink 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes! i'm not ususally the mushy type, but i'd like to say    i am so fortunate to have a life that has been filled with so much love  over these 26, oops, i mean 25 years i have been so lucky to have known so many wonderful people    you are the ones who make my life complete  if i were to die today, my life would be complete- so full and <propmale> in love, happiness, and amazing memories "
putting the celebrations to rest for another year    thanks for an awesome birthday kids!
almost just got killed! just because you drive a big stupid gas u v  does not give you the right to blatently run a red light on 16 mile! thank god i got my brakes done before i left chicago or i would be super not alive right now 
"is soooo over it  oh, and you people better clean it up a bit, i'm about ready to take out the trash, if you know what i'm sayin' "
"is \like a really good pair of shoes\"" """
so today is suppossed to be a job-hunting day    but this is apparently the cold that never ends! i feel completely awful    so unless they want a resume covered in grossness i think i better double-up on the ny-quil and hit the streets tomorrow  boo   
nude  wink 
needs to find a hobby    or adopt a kitten  not sure which 
is going to get a <propfemale> today!
i hate it when i'm up late and i know all of the people i want to call are asleep    early road trip and then hiking tomorrow    guess i can't complain!
"hiked to the \highest point in the diegos\"" today    it's finally starting to feel like california!"""
this must be one of the 9 days per year it isn't <propfemale> in san <propmale>    it's a monsoon! the wind sounds like it's gonna tear off the roof! staying inside with the <propfemale>    
"oh how i love wife swap    seriously, where do they find these people? today it's a 40-year-old wannabe swimsuit model and a granny bison lover  this should be good "
of course i have company coming tomorrow and the unused bathroom decides now would be a good time to have plumbing problems    urgh 
had an amazing time this week    love you <propfemale>!
e playful erienced an earthquake this morning    too weird! nothing like waking up to your bed shaking!
just sold her car!!!!! (score!)
will not be watching lost tonight  yay for that  wink 
why is incubus so awful on my tv right now  ?   i hate it  i weap for the future past     and nothing in between 
boy is home  smile 
"seriously people, it's just some snow  it's february in the midwest  what were you e playful ecting? remember back in the day when it really used to snow? like all winter long? (maybe it just seemed like more snow because i was smaller   )"
it's rilly awsome that you can post statis updates to facebook frum you're phone     now if only you cud lern to spell 
"survived the desert and had a pretty awesome weekend! crazy mountain passes, backwoods camping, and homemade pie   (you can't shake a stick at it!)"
and the coachella countdown begins    9 days    
let your freak flag fly!
coachella was amazing! (two enthusiastic thumbs up )
when it rains it pours    just left one interview and immediately got a call for another  love it 
when did the internet get so boring??? (yawn )
"happy earth day! did you know    the fertilization process of organic foods is actually more harmful to the soil food planet than that of non-organic foods? also, if we only ate organically grown foods, 2 3 of the earth's population would die of starvation? consume smarter, buy local, and long live genetically engineered foods    you've already been eating them most of your life anyway!"
"the lady downstairs called and woke me up at 5 am telling me to get out of the house because she mistook a bad skunk spray for a gas leak, and now the gas company is outside digging holes for nothing  what a waste of time and resources  how can you be 40+ and not know the difference between rotten eggs and skunk? crazy <propfemale>   "
had an awesome night last night! finally starting to feel like i'm in my element   
so i've been thinking i should maybe start a stand-up act  knock twice if you agree 
"feeling good, feelin' great, feelin' great, great, great    especially considering the number of beers i drank last night  wink "
i've said it before and yet it just proves itself again and again    arizona is a place where people go to die  just ask <propfirst> mccain 
"so, let me get this straight    the most interesting man in the world drinks dos equis, rides a one-wheeled mountain bike, has a robot that follows him around and changes his clothes, and has a snow-capped mountain growing out of his armpit??? what is going on with commercials these days?"
i love dipping my toes in the ocean at 7 am   
"my, my, my    the month of may is shaping up to be quite fantastic, if i do say so myself "
please take a moment out of this busy day and celebrate yourself    you a truely awesome 
that was way too many airplanes    but i made it!
"ready, set, sleep!"
"why does everything have to be so difficult? there are little pieces of me spread across the country, and i'm not sure i'll ever be able to put them back together!"
happy birthday <propfirst>! off to the beach perhaps? then it's kareoke time    not by choice 
"first night of work at a job i'm way too qualified for, however i'm thankful to have it    hopefully the stars will align and i'll be promoted in a relatively e playful editious manner  time to shine!"
"cleaning, hiking, picnic, beachy sunset "
"<propfemale> earthquakes    so many <propfemale> earthquakes  \\the big one is coming "
preparing to take over the world?
"if i were any less active, i would be dead  laziest day ever "
"that's ok, i didn't really want to work today anyway  dicks "
kind of a big day tomorrow    wish me luck!
green light on school in the fall    so excited! also    la for edc with sds this weekend  it's about damn time 
"electric <propfemale> carnival was awesome    but la is kinda gross  i don't see what all the hype is about  made lots of new friends  oh, also     i heart <propfemale> braxton "
"had a pretty huge day  monumental, even  everything is just falling into place   "
"hey whiney people    stop complaining  no one cares, and it is not making anyone want to have sex with you  save the drama for your mama  just sayin' \(be positive )"
"had an awesome time @ mgmt last night! as for the weekend     a large dose of sign-holding, some <propfirst> time, and then it's off to az on monday    yes, that's right, i wait until the dog days of summer to go to the desert "
"it finally feels like summer in sd    and i couldn't be happier! lovin' the sunshine    \ smile "
get ready arizona    here i come!
"ya know, i can't complain  things just keep getting better and better  finances are looking up, i finally have a tan, and i'm going surfing tomorrow  plus i dragged my girl back here from havasu, and she's having a blast  good times and sunshine, my two favorite things  wink "
"i love sitting in the lifeguard stand past midnight, watching the waves crash down the coast   \\almost as white as the whitest snow "
"friday just feels better \\even if i do have to work all weekend "
"loooong weekend  making dinner for my orphan, then maybe some evening beachy-time? we shall see   "
"uh-oh    i think i feel a cold coming on  this is so not a good time for it, either "
sometimes i am amazed by the sheer impact i have on people  you never realize how much you can affect a life with just a few words    
"adventurous day    tried to go for a bike ride  it was going great until <propfirst> did six flips and landed on his head  poor <propfirst>  feel better <propmale>  just ate way too much ice cream, time for some rockband and a sugar-induced coma "
"alright, orientation is over    now i just have to go buy some school supplies  i seriously feel like a kid again  at least i have a job where i can do homework  (score )"
first day of school was pretty awesome!!! i like all my teachers and i made a new friend and she made me a peanut butter and jelly for lunch  on the up and up 
my weekend is here! now i just have to work all weekend and study for midterms    but not tonight! off to the beach for a bonfire  smile 
hooray new phone!
has an intense amount of homework to do  boo 
had a busy but satisfying day  sleepytime   
"for the record, there is no obpd "
"you can put the boy in a dashiki, but you can't make him dance "
and the homework marathon begins    
today was hectic    to say the least  thank god that's over!
finals are over! time to celebrate  wink 
"brief encounter with ' americas finest', but otherwise a perfectly respectable evening    good friends, good times, good fire, can't beat it!"
sushi and mischief in ob   
just another beautiful day in sd    now for something productive to do 
phoenix concert tonight!
noodle house and portugalia with wifey!
i love my life   
yet another less-than-productive day    but i did at least manage to go grocery shopping! making dinner for my boo(s) 
"busy, busy week! back to school today, vampire weekend tonight, la for trade show tomorrow, interview tomorrow (wish me luck!), <propmale> and <propfirst> on friday    so much going on!!!"
another glorious sunset 
"first thunderstorm since i moved here- crazy! i love it! in other news, guess who is currently carrying a 4 0 gpa? that's right, yours truly! (do the happy dance!)"
lomo love at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s birthday   
"pardon me, fcc    why would you schedule me 6 credits this quarter and 15 the next???\\what's the basis?"
"too many chiefs, not enough indians   \<propfemale> hangar tonight!"
really? 3am? that is absolutely ridiculous! everyone boycott black friday! enough is enough 
"um    how is it exactly that the pokemon balloons have been in the macys parade for a decade, yet this is the kool-aid man's first year?\\that just ain't right \\happy turkey day everyone "
passion pit   
"oh money, how i hate you   \\dislike "
"80 degrees on sunday! i am definitely going to the beach!\\(yesssssssssss )"
"geez people get fiesty at the airport! san <propmale>, you will be missed, everyone else, brace yourself, here i come!"
"wow, thanks for all the birthday love everybody! next year for my birthday, i will be in a lovely room in a very tall floor at the <propfirst>, with a box of wine and a pizza, and no one is invited  love you guys "
"if you seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you   "
headed back to mc tomorrow    somebody claim me!
"excuse me, mt clemens    but what exactly is going on here? it looks like <propmale> hardy threw up and miss<propmale>  the older ones are suppos<propmale> to teach the younger ones    get it together, people! stay classy, clemminites  i'll catch ya later "
"\i believe it's <propmale> for a whale's vagina   \"""""
dinner date with weggs   
boo strep throat    yuck 
yet another beautiful day in <propfemale> san <propmale>    
american consumerism at it's grimey-est    
"is already having a wonderful day! now if i could just find a damn parking spot at coachella, i'd be all kinds of set  any leads?"
um      pillow fight day tomorrow downtown! who's coming with me?
"there really is nothing less sexy than an aging hipster \\fact confirmed \\stay thirsty, my friends "
"i really do heart <propfirst> smith   \\i think i was born in the wrong decade \\thank you vh1 classic "
sloth       
even my phone had chalk on it 
"for the record, i invented incomplisults \\see also: inventi-brags "
i love the rain   
is feeling extremely productive today! lets see what i can accomplish 
"well in that case, i don't feel so bad    i'm glad everyone had the same idea i did \\(go team!)"
oh my god i think it might snow   
"dear radiohead,\\thank you for being so amazing \i adore you \\sincerely yours,\<propfemale> <propfirst>"
"hey, san <propmale>! who wants to have drinks with me tonight?"
hey grandma! i thought you were supposed to be living forever    don't give up on me now 
"hooray for the \hide\"" button """
"amd just like that, it becomes a non-issue \\just like that "
"so    has anyone seen the show baggage on gsn? a-ma-zing  \\happy st patirck's day, dudes and dudettes "
"i love my nerd herd \\ smile "
"r i p , lcd soundsystem    it was a good run "
"i freaking love pauly shore    where did he go?\\sunday is definitely my old cheesy movies day "
