2b4280b8627ac474f70d0a5753c9218e
"finally, i'm among the employed again   was offered & accepted a position down in corpus <propfemale>, texas   now to get myself down there with all my things (a big truck & trailer, how big, the biggest i can get my hands on) "
"ok, the status is: omg how much fun a real life outside of this keyboard is   thus my delay in jacking back into the net   figured i'de just post something here for ppl to read to know i'm alive and kicking still  going fishing tonite during the incoming tide; hopefully it's fish for breakfast tomorrow! "
"nope no fish for breakfast today   didn't catch fish, fed fish shrimp   ug   did however almost put my car in the bay thou   a good samaritan helped me out with a little tow   under that nice solid seaweed is some really slick s&*$ (dosen't help to have low profile, dry weather, near racing rubber on the car either)   i'll be staying further away from the water in the future, and if i need to back up i will next time"
"dsl is finally up and running, i'm back online again "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
done getting ready for work; not enough time to go fishing  sad   i guess i'll try tomorrow   heard that ppl were catching drum under the island bridge (both black and keeper red)
"another day another dollar (ok, 65 cents after washington's cut)"
"it's friday, finally!!"
"yesterday's fishing report, nutin but those dagnabbit catfish "
"woot, no morning dew today!"
"yippee!, this makes 2 days in a week with no morning dew drenching everything "
"grandma's table top finally sanded   looks like all but one <propfirst> is going to come out  \) and even the one that's staying is hard to find   could be staining it thursday after i test on the underside """
"i like the <propmale> hall pier area, didn't go down on the beach itself, offshore wind was filling the car up with sand "
off to a bonfire!!!  don't wait up for me 
 smile  had fun at the bonfire   ready for another one!
"figured out how to not get stuck on the beach   3rd gear, 6k rpm, don't turn much "
off to fish laguna madre!   me hopes for better luck there 
"round 2 tomorrow morning, early morning  smile  my time of day "
"3 cats, one omg i have no idea ugly ugly ugly thing, 1 small red (too small), and broke my tackle   had fun anyway!"
" sad  on call, course i shouldn't be unhappy, won't be next friday!"
had a blast last nite (even being sober!)!!
"wow, 8 continuous hours of sleep, what a wonderful thing!  cept it's now 0545 and i'm dressed and ready to start work "
"i'm not tired, and i think i should be"
"tis tuesday, meter reads, inspections, fillin holes that's what is in store for me today "
"also borrowing this (from my sister-in-law):   thought for the day: some people are like  slinkies - not really good for anything, but they bring a smile to your  face when pushed down the stairs "
"made it home safely & survived my b-day weekend!  now off to work   no time for details, srry "
"ug i'm tired, painting since 7am, i think that's enough for a sunday!"
tis tuesday now and still painting
"woot, still have 2 teams in the stanely cup playoffs   would be awesome if the final was bruins & red wings "
"ok, tomorrow better not be another monday, even thou today did have it's memorable moment "
"wings 3 sharks 4,  sad   but it was game 1 on the road and the sharks had an empty net for 2 <propfemale> and couldn't manage to put the puck in the net   and now i'm tired "
"monday again, thou this is a short week for me, friday's a vacation day!"
"people need to understand that children with  special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not  contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of  you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on  your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this  is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help &  understanding"
"tis friday for me now, so the weekend, heading out right after work   everybody have a good weekend and be safe!"
"day's half over, and i'm already forgetting stuff (more than normal), the mind (what little is left) has left already "
"in <propfirst>, at my brothers, doing absolutely nothing, and loving it "
"back from <propfirst>, safe and sound, made good time, way less trafic so was able to run a little faster and not be anywhere near the fastest on the road    smile "
"yep too much sleep last nite, it's 2 hours past my late bedtime and i'm still wide awake   hehe  smile "
"friday, but not a friday, oncall this week  sad "
"omg, hockey is basically over for me    sad   all my teams are out (or never made it in)   cant believe boston lost their series "
"ok, hockey, my pick to win the cup is the blackhawks, i think they are the hottest team   should have zero issue taking on either east coast team; and should take the sharks in 5 games   i think the final will be a 7 or 6 game series   east coast will also probably go the distance as well (  smile  i love game 7's!!!! even when it's a hated team )"
"monday monday monday, tis going to be a monday for a few days "
"tuesday brings rain, thankfully it's coming after i wake today   left the top down last nite, hehe "
"sneaky fb   as of today, there is a new privacy\ setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook\",2b4280b8627ac474f70d0a5753c9218e,"ya know, since i left <propfirst>, the top has been down 95% + of the time;  i love corpus!"
"ug, the shorts i bought this morning are too big, going to have to take them back and get smaller ones    smile "
"totally figures, 20% <propmale> of trace showers, and i get a real shower on my car since i polished and waxed it yesterday "
"yep froggy outside, morning dew looks more like it rained   this i'm getting used to   at least the top comes down with the fog!!"
" smile  cleaned the clutter from my comp desk again!!!  this thing just collects crap   it's not a computer desk, it's a crap magnet "
"confusion sets in once again, but i'm cool wit it   heck if life was ordinary and predictable it would be sooooooo boring!  \\everybody remember what memorial day is for, and please stop and remember all the fallen soldiers on monday 3pm, even if only for a moment \\now enjoy the summer!!"
"back from the big easy   had a great time   saw a bunch of swamp, the french quarter, rode the old street car thru new orleans, went to cafe du monde (awesome place), the french market, a couple notable clubs   drove the lake poncetrain bridge a few times   oh yea got flashed on bourbon street   got a speeding ticket on the way there (and i for once wasn't actually speeding!)"
"actually enjoyed the storm when it was happening   yea i'm crazy love weather like that   it's the aftermath that's killin me   cleanup continues, and continues, and continues!"
"well hopefully nutin big and important is happing in <propfirst>, as i've a bunch of missed calls   off to the beach  smile  don't know when i'll be back "
"omg, just realized i haven't had socks on all weekend   i kinda like it   no stinky feet  smile   although there's lots of sand about "
"windsurfing in the morning    smile  , i'll be sore, tired, and unable to remember a damn thing on monday, but heck that's normal "
"hehe, this post is @ 0530 and i've been up over 3 hours now (i did get 6 hours sleep btw)   sholders, upper back, and biceps are sore, hands just a little tender and stiff;  and i'm liking the feeling (it's not a bad sore, more like a good workout sore) "
"ohhh noooo, i've got a company phone now   help me please!!!!  but then again it seems to have internet access:  oh nooooo, somebody save me!!!!!!  i'll fall into pixel world again   (thank god i'm not playing ogame anymore) "
i'm in trouble   already figured out how to connect to wireless networks with this new phone 
ikm in such trouble now 
runk!
"argh, another grumpy day for me "
"argh, it's 10am and only 4mph wind   why why why, i wanted that depression to come our way "
"monday morning, hopefully the week is quiet and quick "
"monday went quick, but think i'de rather have done waiter duty   tomorrow is shaping up to be quite a bit better thou, more rain     smile "
"carbon???\  actually, we'd prefer a reduction in our government footprint!! \like\""\",2b4280b8627ac474f70d0a5753c9218e,"i'm tired, collecting up all the damn trees from the last storm; all darn day, almost 12 hours of continuous work "
"i think the last time i felt tropical weather (specifically a typhoon hurricane) was in okinawa   way way way back in the early 90's   srry this isn't much, it is however for me a great time's reminder; wish i had a deck of cards and a bunch of jarheads around to play spades with for 6 days "
"feels good to be back in a country mood, 14 of the first 15 songs on my top rated are country again    smile "
"long weekend over, short week beginning   so hard week, since i've got to fit 5 days work into 4 days "
still have 5 days work to stick into this week    sad 
"tis a new week, maybe it'll be better than last   at least it's supposed to be mostly dry this week "
"i tink i over did my peanut sauce tonite   uh, either too much jalepeno or red pepper, maybe too much garlic   actually most probably all 3, but damn if it didn't taste good   thank god i didn't have any habenero peppers around "
"bummer day, had to work early thus no fishing, and omg we're getting gust now @ 6mph, yea, no wind "
b
" smile  not noon yet and i'm runk, hehe   tis a good thing; maybe, if i can get the one thing done i need done "
"i'm so screwed for this week, haven't really recovered from the heat exhaustion i hit wednesday, it's sunday (well actually monday) and i'm not stopping yet   i feel like crap but not stopping        smile   shit's getting better thou!"
"uods??\ o?? ??so??u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? \?do??uo??u???? s??d????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
back to normal script   and time for sleep   i'm sooo damn tired it's not funny 
"7 am, up for 3 5 hours, guess i didn't need that much sleep "
"okies, lack of sleep finally cought up to me   nitey nite world "
"morning world!  tgif, it's finally here!!!!"
"nitey nite world   going to sleep early, so i can go catch fish in the dark   maybe if they can't see me they will stop laughing long enough to hook themselves   (originally said on the bait but ug, no hook on the bait)"
i wonder (taking a quote from a song)  will it be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare tonite?  i like the song 
"monday started great, did the usual monday junk    but it ended on a good note!  so i've a smile and am happy again (i'm easy to please i know)"
im'a going to feel like crap tomorrow   wish i could call in sick tomorrow (well wish my concience would let me) 
"daily answer:  just a nightmare, and i was right last nite, i feel like crap "
morning   neither sweet or beautiful last nite!   smile 
"woo hoo, no pain in the foot finally!  thou it's still a bit swollen, but just a little bit "
"daily answer, again neither sweet or beautiful "
"da: neither again  smile ,  good nite of sleep; feeling almost human again   i'm <propfemale> glad it's not as hot down here as <propfirst> (i'm tired but not sick from the heat so far this summer) "
da: beautiful nightmare i think   another week starting   dosen't really matter this week as i'll be oncall at the end of it anyway   watch it be a great week that dosen't wipe me out 
da: neither 
"da: beautiful nightmare, but was still a good one "
"da: beautiful nightmare again, thou was quite interesting, no details here "
da: neither 
da hair is short again    smile   the face still looks dirty thou 
"no idea what last nite's dreams were about, but it had to be active, my torso is killing me "
24 hours and i'm on vacation (technically 20 5 hours  smile  )!
"on vacation, picked up my 2mtr trainer kite; and got it flying, even somewhat under control   omfg, if a 2mtr kite generates this kind of power, i wonder what a 9mtr kite's going to do (that's supposed to be the normal size for my weight)   i am officially scared!  awesome i love that feeling!"
"waiting for a little more wind this morning to take the trainer kite back out and play!  at least i got the launching down last nite, so i should be able to spend more time in the air today (as opposed to last nite where i spent the hour or so figuring out how to get the darn thing in the air) "
"suns up, 3mph wind atm  ug"
da: no beautiful nightmares for a few days (unfortunately no sweet dreams either) 
"omg, i'm not myself, second day i woke up after the sun   no beautiful nightmares or sweet dreams last nite either"
"da: neither, just a regular old nightmare "
ug i hate wakin up at 0230   screws up the rest of the week 
"whoa, what a dream!  time to put the bed back together   comment as you wish, but the sheets don't need changing, still was an awesome dream;  thou i'll be tired all darn day"
"ug, da: bn   oh well good thing i'm still in a good mood from friday morning "
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live, and don't hold grudges  they understand that life is       busy, but that you will always love them  re-post if you are blessed to have at least one of these friends"
"long weekend, not much planed   a bbq & bonfire today, hittin kiting spots tomorrow, haven't decided on monday yet"
"tis beach time for me, even thou i've done been there once today   you all have a great saturday, be safe, have fun, and get back home alive!  off to packery channel!"
"rught now i'm not in a very good mood, actully i'm in a very very very bad mood atm    for those who actcually know what i'm fully capable of of    although the parties who put me in this mood have zero idea of my capabilities, or more precisely my willingness to shed consequences       for those who watch these captions, stay the f' away "
happy days!  enjoy all!
guess it's a facebook day   tis ok i guess   yappy me has nutin to say cept why is it still humid in my place when i'm 2 deg under the darn dewpoint!
"rofl, i thought that td-10 was going into mexico   well it made a 90deg right turn and is currently sitting just south west of me   no wonder it's raining cats and chiwawa's   and the forcast for us has changed from some rain today into rain all freaking week "
well i think i may have figured out why i was sooooo freaking grumpy all week   lack of exercise  (didn't realize how much exercise hooping is till i sacrificed my hoop to do a water heater replacement) 
"fun sailing my sensi this morning in 3-5mph winds   was hard to sail, but i learned a lot about how speed makes a sail produce power    smile "
"the warm test on my potato salad is promising, a little short on the celery but the rest is bang on    smile "
"okies, my potato salad is delicious!, and it's gone, i think i might be sick tonite   i'm not hungry or thirsty (thirsty being the really bad part) "
i'm <propfemale> ready for the evenings to get under 70 deg   at least they are consistently going under 80 deg (for almost all of this summer they've gone under 80 at some point every day)
"go away rain!!!!  ug, hasn't stopped raining since friday 6-7pm "
"okies, next book to read:  lisanne <propfirst>, a c  clarke, <propfirst> ludlum, r a  <propmale>, <propmale> zelanzy, or <propmale> clancy   i'm kinda leaning towards the ludlum or clarke "
"omg i can't believe it   i just put a sticker on my car!  holy smokes, hell just froze solid (freezing over, that's happened before the eagles got back together) "
"lindsaylohan,\ 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while \<propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett,\ 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson,\ 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and \<propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that gave their lives this week, no \media mention  honor them by reposting!"
 smile   68 deg right now!
"window's open, ac off, a couple fans running   life is good (even thou i'm tired from a long day of work "
" smile   what a restfull nite, windows open, fresh air, nice and cool (60 deg this morning!!!)   smile "
ice <propfirst>'s win home opener in a shoot out!!
sweet dream last nite  smile 
the morning dew is back with a vengence   and my exhaust is too damn loud (i really wish they would have put the 2 baffels in that muffler instead of the flow tube)
's heart is being pulled in two different directions   do you go with everything you want - or everything you need??
"opportunity tends to knock once, then it's gone   temptation, however, likes to stand there and <propfemale> on the damn doorbell!"
i wonder did god give us toes to find furniture in the dark?
"has received a warning that aliens are abducting all of the sexy people in the world!  don't panic, you are safe!  i am just writing to say goodbye!"
"when i walk in the house soaking wet and they ask me if its raining i say \no i took the fish for a walk\"""""
great! now the voices in my head are charging me a consulting fee!!
"the wheels on the bus go round & round, round & round, round & round, the wheels on the bus go round & round, all thru the town  try gettin that outta ur head!"
if the government took any more money out of my paycheck - i'd have to list them as a dependent!
is starting to worry that the thoughts in his head are gonna start coming out of his mouth!
************* attention -- public service announcemnt ************
"thinking he will be nice today    stop laughing, i think i can really do it this time"
"it's fine to talk to ones self, ok to answer ones self  it becomes a problem when you lose an argument with ones self and then refuse to speak to ones self   oo"
"theres only two things you need in your tool box for life, wd-40 for things that don't move but should, and duck tape for things that move but shouldn't "
"okies, i give in, i'm officially old   haven't had any beer & whiskey and it's stinky!"
is wondering that if you saw me handcuffed in the back of a police car what would do you think i would have done to get there (please answer below)
"has zero intentions on pleasing anyone today, not even gonna pretend to try "
"believes that people come into our lives for a reason, but wonders if some of them are here to test our homicidal tendencies "
doesn't want to work today but the checking account is saying feed me!!!
"sometimes i think it would be easier to go thru life as a moron, because then you're clueless & happy all the time, in your own little world "
"no smart@$$ remarks tonite, it's being sat on so isn't very smart "
"argh, i live in hickville, grocery stores closed, heck even mcdonalds is closed   it's already 05 smile 0!  what's up?"
"if your reading this, you like me  smile  if your still reading this, you really like me  laugh  if your still reading this, than you are more than likely a stalker   surprise "
just have to keep looking and checking   my wetsuit went on sale!! going to pick it up today or tomorrow    smile 
"mental note:  guess the summer thinned out my blood, it actually feels cold outside in shorts and a tee (49 deg atm)"
1  nutter 2  i'd marry u 3  dangerous 4   fighter 6  moody 7  spoilt 8  mouthy 9  waste of space 10  love of my life 11  cute 12  beautiful    reply with number
"woo hoo, can see my breath this morning   course there are days when it's 60 and you can see your breath (distinguising it from the pea soup fog can be a bit difficult thou) "
"well just fig'd how much i've spent on kiting, it's way way way cheaper than windsurfing, would still be payin' on decent board (let alone sail, mast, harness, & wetsuit)\\can't wait for enough wind to do those pesky first lessons   please be the right <propfemale> tomorrow!"
telling me i can't is like asking me to prove you wrong!
"guess the words? 1  boo_s 2  _ _ _dom 3  f_ _k 4  p_n_s 5  pu_s_ 6  s_x \\answer's 1  books 2  random 3  fork 4  pants 5  pulse 6  six all wrong, you dirty person"
"looks like i'm gonna have to wrap up batteries for this years xmas presents with a lil' note saying \toys not included!\"" ;o)"""
"just stepped outside, closed his eyes, took a deep breath of fresh air, sipped his coffee,  perfect morning! what could go wrong? crap! forgot to put pants on!"
"for all my yankee family!  \\how's the weather up north? (including those south of the <propmale> dixon line) \\ smile   tomorrow's going to be a shorts & tee day (and that'll be overdressed) "
not a happy camper
"woo hoo, only 3 ppl left on the christmass shopping list!!!"
oh great  !  now the voices in my head are speaking spanish !
"is wondering why people who work hard give all their funds and fortune to the government, yet those who hardly work get all their fortunes government funded"
"oops, rain came and went and the top was still down   now that it's up i bet there won't be any more rain   go figure "
the voices in my head took the day off now i'm bored
"i've always wanted to put a one way sign on a dead end road, then sit and watch what people do "
at the airport havin some overpriced whiskey while i await for my boat to arrive 
's astrologer said to look out for raving mad morning dew
for 2011 i have hired a secretary for any complaints   so if you have a complaint go to <propfemale> wait 
"nope, i don't have to be so sarcastic!  but the world just gives me so much to work with why waste it!  smile "
" smile   at least i got half my beginner class in today before the wind went past 20knt   omg that kite has sooooo much power, pulled me and the instructor right out of the water   ok, so maybe my calves were still in the water, but my knees were out   what fun!!!!  haven't been up on a board yet, can't wait "
if you think i'm crazy raise your hand now rethink that because your the one sitting at the computer raising your hand 
"once work was over today i had only 2 brain cells left, unfortunately one is hiding and the other is looking for it "
could mother nature please hit menopause so we can have a hot flash?!
"dear mother nature, i have had just about enough of this crappy, gloomy, and over all depressing weather  i want some sunshine, now!! please and thank you "
"a serious status tonite annoyed \our <propfemale> is from god not government; sovereignty is in our souls not soil; security is from strength not surrender; our truths are self-evident not relative "
needs a warm <propfemale> day or a winning lottery ticket to take me to one 
remembers back when cow tippin was a hell of a night  don't act like you don't know 
"i was trying to think of something unique and maybe a little witty, but the fact that i will have to put \going to work\"" somewhere in there ruins it all """
" smile   wooo hooo   at least saturday is looking good for getting out in the water   10-15knt winds starting from the e going to se   friday sucks even thou i have the afternoon off  sad   north winds so the only decently safe place is oleander point and it's a deep water area so not good for bodydraging   (that and it'll be an onshore wind with some umph, maybe i'll try it anyway) "
"dear <propmale> brothers:  now that i'm an adult, i feel i'm am old enough to hear what the \beep beep\"" is hiding when road runner talks to wile e  coyote """
do not  judge me because my favorite number in the alphabet is purple!  wink 
"wants to know   if guns kill people, can i blame miss spelled words on my pencil?"
"what's the difference between kinky and perverted? kinky you use a feather, perverted you use the whole damn bird!!"
no wind again   go figure i have time   argh!!!!! beep beep beep        more beeps          yet more beeps          yes even more beeping         starting to sound like a sailor on a 4 day drunk            now a merchant <propfemale> sober          ok done i feel better (no i don't just want some frellin wind!)
"going to find some wind   ug, the weather stations say there's 9mph wind out there but it sure as heck aint anywhere near home   where's that corpus wind?"
"thinks that if you see someone healthy parking in a handicapped zone, when they exit their car, you should be able to make an honest person out of them!"
"for the love of all things holy and demonic, why is there a justin-bieber option on status shuffle!?"
two reasons why it's so hard to solve a redneck murder: the dna all matches & there are no dental records
"in a hole in the ground  working on plumbing (waiting for glue to dry) and doing supervisor stuff on the phone  i'm actually multi-tasking, believe it or not "
the evil voices in my head got my guardian angel knocked up and hooked on crack! now what am i supposed to do?
everytime i see a mattress on top of a car i think it's a prostitute making house calls    
"women: bleeding, cramps, bras, losing your virginity, childbirth, hip widening, menopause \\men: boners    yep   that's all \\still think god could be a woman?"
i just realized  jumping on the bed is still fun   no matter what age you are   and getting hit in the head by the ceiling fan still hurts  
"in search of wind again today   <propmale> don't talk, want the wind out of the se"
"finally found wind and a usable surface!!!!\\indian park, had a blast running up and down an old road (closed off to motor traffic)"
"have you ever noticed that when pumping gas, women hesitate just a second before putting the handle back, and that men always shake it?   you will now   smile "
the sun came up and the wind totally died    sad   at least i'm fishing like regis 
looks like it's kite repair time already   think i stretched one or more of the lines in the bridle; time to take it apart and make them all the same length 
"looks like my trip to n o  is going to be a fun drive   i wonder how low profile, dry weather high performance (nearly race level) tires will operate on sleet, snow, & ice "
"cc courthouse is a joke   i've been here an hour & 45 <propfemale> now, and it takes 4 windows about 5 <propfemale> to anvance one number "
is cleverly masquerading as a responsible adult   
"oops, blew out 2 baffels on my sensi trainer today   cought a line on some brush when i was trying to land it, it took off in a nice semicircle, and pow, sealed up on water driving down (sealing the entire leading edge) \\oh well was thinking about getting a bigger one anyway,  smile "
"is in desperate need of sun, sand and beach"
"omg, i'm glad i didn't try to head to n o  tonite   just stepped out side to take some trash out and nearly bit it, my porch has a 1 8\ of ice on it   that's really cold on bare feet (and slippery)   got sandals on now """
"alright, what's with people hanging balls off the hitch of their car? is it you lack them? or is it a warning to others that you drive like a d!@k?"
"   believes it's ok to talk to yourself  it's even ok to answer yourself   but if you argue with yourself and lose   well, now you got a problem "
 smile   little kite in the shop for repairs   not enough wind today for the big kite   and looks like there won't be enough tomorrow   and of frellin' course there's going to be enough monday thru friday to put the big kite up   argh!!!!  i really need to get a medium-large foil kite for these days at least i could landboard 
a mom is tidying her son's bedroom and finds a hidden stack of bondage and fetish magazines  she asks her husband what to do  he says do not frickin spank him!
"whenever i hear the phrase 'anything is possible', i giggle and think about someone trying to slam a revolving door  wink "
"   works to live, not lives to work  strangely, most employers seem to get these two backwards "
"read this out loud until you get it, eye am sofa <propmale> wee tawded "
is e playful eriencing monday for the third time this week   c'mon friday!
above all else  don't forget to smile  it either warms there hearts or pisses them off  you win no matter what 
"wtf, it's corpus <propfemale>   and again were below freezing    where is <propmale> gore hiding down here?  please, whom ever is having him as a house gest, send him back!"
"woo hoo   got my sensii kite back from the shop   warrantee repair!!  seam bursts are warranteed,  smile   and they even changed the aoa for me, going to be hell flying it standing but, hehe, it's going to be fun on the landboard!"
"had fun landboarding this afternoon till the wind shifted just enough to make it hard to get back   legs are suprisingly sore, but i steadily got better and better all afternoon learning how the kite flies while moving (the faster the more the diffence to standing still) "
keeps pointing his remote out the window pushing the fast-forward button but spring isn't getting here any faster  >>
i'm just a frellin mushroom   nuff said 
"the day started out bad, got better (as in actually good), and ended crappy  i know tmi   just venting a bit "
"i can remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day    i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !!! we no longer do that for    fear    of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care if it offends anyone!"
"no one notices what i do, til i don't do it anymore   lol"
"woo hoo!  3 day weekend and there's going to be wind all weekend long, all day long!!!!\\saturday se @ 10-15 knts\sunday se @ 10-25 knts\monday s->ne @ 10-20 knts\\all wind directions and speeds are good for the place i'm going to and my kite board size   they are even good for going into the surf   really wish i knew a site where i could get wave reports for corpus "
dumb fog till 11am  uggg!  means the wind won't pick back up till at least 1pm
a productive day for me i do believe    smile 
day one new job   went well even thou there was painting involved   got it all over me and that being oil based kilz   time to get myself cleaned up 
"day 3 new job   it's soooo nice to have equipment, and even better when you don't have the right equipment; the boss goes out and gets the right equipment    smile "
"phew made it to friday   i'm pooped, but happy!"
i wish my stuff would jump into the boxes on it's own   it always seems to move around on it's own whenever i go looking for something 
"the packing is progressing well  smile   it's <propfemale> much easier when i can just take a break when i'm tired of packing   kiting gear done, fishing gear done, bedroom done (cept for what i need next week), kitchen done (same as bdrm), and of course computer (cept for what i need to stay sane!)   only <propmale> things left is the furniture that needs disassembly & omg my tool room (that's going to take a while) "
"wonders \should we put pictures of missing transvestites on cartons of half and half?\"""""
"argh, at least my luck was good last week!  dropped the top getting ready for work & loaded some of the stick stuff to take to my apartment and guess what, 15 <propfemale> later the cold front that was supposed to arrive @ 9am shows up dropping rain for 10 <propfemale> (a good rain too) \\it's monday all right   hopefully work dosen't end up the same way "
first nite in my new apt   omg it's <propfemale> nice to have a dishwasher again   yes a dishwasher that dosen't have 10 digits and is connected to me 
watching hockey again   guess my protest over the lockout season should come to an end 
"sibling war! post this is as your status if you're the best and the smartest of your siblings if it stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting, it's true!!!"
  a hobo and a rabbit met in a <propmale> one day  now you know where hobbits came from lol 
just don't know what it is about a good greasy burger!  i feelz gooods!
wings up 3 to 1 on the blues    smile   one more period to go 
"ok, guess i have to get cable now if i want to watch the stars play at all this season   wish the online streaming was like it used to be (10 years ago, lol)   oh well, wonder if i'll be able to get a cable box with a dmi output "
"job update for any and all:  love working with the proper equipment to fix stuff, just wish it didn't seem to almost always be ceiling & drywall work   getting good with texture repairs, thou still make a huge mess that i end up having to clean up (going to use every last drop cloth we have this next time) "
"i'm pooped   the week was another good week, got lots of stuff fixed; didn't get the ceilings redone and ran into a <propmale> repair in the bath   looks like it's popcorn & tiling next week (well the first couple days at least we'll see what the rest brings) "
"woo hoo, finally got my final paycheck   dagnabbit postal service took an entire week to redirect the mail "
you do not need a parachute to sky dive   you only need a parachute to sky dive twice 
i miss my washer & dryer    sad 
"i was thinking, we use lol for laugh out loud\so the chinese must use ror   \raff out roud "
"new job update annoyed i'm loving it   just absolutely love having the proper equipment available to do a repair   15 <propfemale> to shape 2 pieces of wood to repair a door jamb and they fit first try   only tools of <propfemale>e i used was a japanese pull saw & my forstner bits for the strike plates   woo hoo!"
"if toast always falls butter first on the floor and cats always land on their feet, what happens if we tie a piece of toast to a cat's back "
"<propfemale> the pooh was based on psyco problems, <propfemale>=eating disorder, piglet=anxiety disorder, eeyore laugh epression,tigger=adhd,rabbit=bi polar & owl=know it all!"
"bummer, already have to repair my surfboard   it's slippery, dropped it taking it back to the car   so from now on, it goes to wildcat park in the board bag   (that is after i've done the repair) "
"if you can read my status update, thank a teacher \-and because it's in english (not <propmale>, russian or arabic), please thank a soldier "
