98cabd17667d4f2802b8eba26da2d4cd
"is astounded  why waste your time sending messages to someone you hate, when you have nothing to do with them anymore? unless of course you're an evil bitch who just can't let go "
"  and yes, that was for you <propfemale>  i don't know if you want some kind of apology, or if you just like seeing her suffer, but childish little messages are wrong, and you just need to leave her alone  why don't you grow up and move on already?"
has filled the empty void in his soul that only haagen-dazs vanilla ice cream can fill  laugh 
or maybe it's my stomach    one of those  laugh 
hungers for more    damn it 
had his wallet stolen at chipotle yesterday 
"put this on your status if you know someone who has or had cancer! all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! i pray for the cure of cancer  93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
back from a trip to wonderland 
"just installed ubuntu on my computer  i love it, but still need windows for some stuff  hmm  annoyed "
going extreme grocery shopping  it will become an olympic sport one day  laugh 
<propmale> wins the best happy birthday so far !
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! now where are my presents!? haha jk    sort of   laugh 
"i'm hungry, someone buy me lunch  laugh "
"watching lion <propmale> on my lunch break in the break room  ah, memories   laugh  i forgot how much i love this movie "
woohoo! new 2tb hard drive for 70 bucks! thanks to <propmale> <propfirst> for braving the black friday lines for me 
chilaquiles
"my boss is so funny, cursing up a storm as she counts my brand new <propmale> shipment  haha"
"after my eight shot espresso death yesterday, today my mental clarity has become surprisingly strong  it was a much needed mental reboot "
four hours as the only teller at work  fun 
this status update was brought to you by zune hd =-)
"pasta dinner!\http annoyed  twitpic com 3jpesa"
so today feels like sunday  wtf?
"bacon, egg and cheese in a buttery, flaky croissant: i love you  -<propfirst>"
