4551277dab383363146707e345d9f03b
had tons of fun at the robot exhibit with the girlfriend!!! babe that was a wonderful day and cant wait for many more to come!
is about to see transformers revenge of the fallen with the girlfriend! wohooo!!!
"loved ice age! but i think it's run it's course and they need to be done with it, but was still a good movie!"
"is going to apply to blizzard entertainment! i didn't know their main complex was 30 minutes away in irvine! i will start a post requesting any help i can get on connections, or advice for writing the perfect cover letter and resume!"
is going to have lunch with dad and <propfirst> tomorrow! awesome!   oh and the girlfriend is coming too!
"had an awesome day yesterday! greek food in idy, road tripin', family discount ice cream, and visiting tons of camp friends!"
had an awesome time at the fair with the girlfriend!!! chili cheese fries! crazy rides! ideas for starting a home garden! petting cows and other fuzzy animals! oc fair rocks!
thanks for the birthday wishes!!! 25 and counting       smile 
"had the most awesome day! hiking, swimming, napping, visiting friends, awesome food, wii, and beer! who knew you could do so much in a day!? thank you everyone for making it an awesome birthday weekend!"
went to d&b with the girlfriend to celebrate our 9 months together! and had a blast!
just saw inglorious bastards with the girlfriend! awesome movie!!!
"i'm out folks  got out last night  was in for a warrent for not paying my fines  and the only reason i wasn't out the same night i went in was because they dont have court on sundays! anyway, learned my lesson, gonna stay on top of my stuff now!"
is enjoying friends and good beer 
can't wait to go camping with the girlfriend and friends!!!
had an awesome camping trip!
"yea this whole getting pulled over thing is really getting old  my rear brake light went out and i got dinged for that, yay more court!"
wuves his girlfriend!!!!!!!!!!!
"me and babe, 11 months and counting! i love you babe! almost a year!"
is gonna play lego batman with the girlfriend! and kick her ass at it!hahahahaha
"had a wonderful night out with the girlfriend!!! islands hamburgers with beer, and a scary movie!"
had a rockin' halloween party!!!
gets to sleep on a real bed tonight! bye bye to my air matress with holes!!!
happy one year babe! it was today this day one year ago we realized that this would be more than a friendship! i love you so much and i know we are gonna go far babe!
"saw new <propfemale>! it may have been a total chick flick, but it was actually really well done! and i mostly enjoyed it cause it was eating movie nachos with my girl!"
13 month annaversary on the 13th day of the month! can't wait to have sushi babe!
"awesome day! sushi, <propfemale> wars, cuddeling with my baby, and curly fries!!! yes curly fries!!!"
is extremly happy that is friday and can take a break from work!
"sunday night, another week of work ahead  yarg, why does time fly by so fast when your having fun! wonderful chill weekend with the babe though, i love you!"
click my profile pic!
"had an awesome day with the girl for 14 month anniversary! p f  changs for lunch, we picked out some <propfemale> at a <propfemale> store, snuck it into the movies and watched sherlock holmes! i love ya baby!"
is going snowboarding tomorrow!! it will be fun!
snowboarding! yeah!
"snowboarding was awesome! i was flying by everyone by the end of the night! i held the camcorder while i was snowboarding a few times, i'm gonna make a short video out of the footage, should be up in a day or so!"
is almost settle at the new place!!
"finally got my gaming computer up and running, after nearly a week! one of the most challenging issues i've ever had with a computer  at every turn where i made progress, a step forward, i hit another wall  it would simply restart right after the windows loading screen "
does anyone have a spare adsl modem!?
whoooo! finally have my own internet working! no more stealing lousy internet from some neighbor!
i love <propfemale>'s cafe! and especially when i can steal some blueberry french toast off <propfemale>'s plate hahaha
"disneyland was awesome! got to be with grandpa, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and his parents! definitely a fun group to do disneyland  anytime you guys are in the area i'd love to go again! thank you guys so much for bringing me! and babe i really wish you could have come along, we will go together sometime soon!"
"<propfemale>'s cafe is definitely my favorite restraunt! the food is increadibly good, the waiters are always very helpfull, and for a better deal than ihop  the blueberry muffins are awesome! i had a wonderful morning with you babe!"
clash of the titans! cool movie! even though we missed part of it from the earthquake!
"slow day at work    fueled up a c-200 turbo prop with a f-750 tanker truck, watched a helicopter taxi and take off from about 40 feet away, and pulled weeds from the tarmac with the company of an electric atv  just another day   "
"had an awesome day with you baby! home made eggs bacon and pancakes for breakfast, nap, good movie and nacho cheese chalupas, best way to spend a lazy sunday! i love you babe!"
"had an awesome annaversary with the girlfriend!!! our classic favorite corner bakery for dinner while we wait for our movie to start, date night was a hilarious movie! good choice loves! then we checked out barnes and <propmale> accross the street!"
"celebrating dads birthday with pie and pizza and brothers, sisters, and the girfriend  its so peaceful in the mountains!"
has a new laptop!
"had an awesome pool party with <propfemale> baby! good company, food, beer, <propfemale> day, swimming  who could ask for more!"
1 and a half years with <propfemale>! i love you babe!
nightmare on elm street was scary! if you want your girlfriend to scream i highly reccomend this movie! i love you babe!!!
has been givin permission by blizzard to beta test starcraft 2! first map test is going increadibly well!
watched <propmale> of persia with the girlfriend and friends and snuck into shrek afterwards lol  price of persia was pretty damn good!
"makin' lunch with my babe! salad, eggs, and spicy beef!"
"no matter how long or shitty my day goes, when i see my love laying on towel in the sun and she's smiling at me, it's all worth it!"
"made it to moab, utah in one piece  my phone doesnt work for phone calls but i can txt still!"
watched the a team and toy story 3 with my love for her birthday  both were awesome movies! i hope you had a great birthday loves!
had a wonderful day at the beach with my baby and her family!
"had a great day with <propfemale> babe, watchin the world cup, lunch at corner bakery, ice cream and a movie and laundry!!!"
predators was actually a good movie! definitely pulls you into the moment!
having lunch at work with the girlfriend!  smile 
inception is a kick ass movie!!!
has had a lot of old friends contact me lately     very weird 
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! turning 26, feeling the slight effects of age, living in socal air prolly doesn't help  but at heart i'm still a kid enjoying the simple things in life!"
"d an awesome birthday party! friends, beer, cake, monopoly, sushi! hope everyone had a good time too!"
"had a great night celebrating an anniversary with my babe! the e playful endables is an awesome movie! the fight scenes were increadible! good plot, classic hero rescues hot babe in distress, and definitely superb acting! gotta see it in theaters though!"
had a nice relaxing weekend up in the mountains visiting family and hanging with my love!
"anyone else see the massive falling <propfemale> at about 10:20 pm? i was driving home on the 405 and i looked west and saw a huge blue streak of something come out of the sky  i'm almost positive it was a meteorite, it was falling very fast, and seemed to lose its light just above the horizon  but it seemed to be falling away from me at an <propfemale>, not sure how far out it was, coulda been a mile or 10 "
starting school tomorrow  itt tech here i come!
"first day of school in 8 years, don't know if i need a pencil and paper or a smart phone! man how things change   "
had an awesome day with <propfemale> love! made crepe's and went shopping!
"1 year and 11 months, almost the big 2! i love you babe! happy anniversary!"
"going to vegas! later everyone, taking a vacation!"
"vegas\ was awesome! stayed at the <propmale>  we gambled, played $1 blackjack and \won a couple bucks and got free beers  saw the bellagio and the water \show, the venetian with the gondola rides  the new york new york and \caesers palace! had some damn good buffet sushi at todai's and buffet at\ the rio  was rather drunk while watching fantasy, hilarious show!        "
"this friday the 5th if anyone wants to make a quick <propmale>, the flight school i worked for rainbow air, has a lot of junk that needs to be thrown away from in the hanger  most the stuff is up some stairs and its heavy, gonna need some help, you'll be paid of course, i don't know how much though  it will prolly be from about 10am till 4 or 5 ish  just a one day gig  the address is 2601 e  spring st , long beach "
date night with my love! sneaking corner bakery panini's into the theater to watch megamind! love ya baby!
"soooo busy lately  work completely overhauling the hanger and filtering through mounds of old documents, school and tons of homework and coordinating old high school records, ebay and packaging and post office  a typical day lately! uhg the only time i'm at home anymore is to sleep!"
"woooot!\ my baby got me an itouch for 2 year anniversary! getting angry birds on\ it first! then jailbreak it so i can put what i want on it! and got me an awesome caricature painting on a canvas of us hugging! gonna get it up on fb tomorrow! love you baby!"
going whale and dolphine watching with my loves!
gobble gobble gobble!
"sushi dinner and a movie with my love, perfect way to end the week!"
tron was awesome! definitely have to see in theaters if you can!
