fd05051477e4b73b58163acb16133074
is finally going to bed  *zombie*
is trying to write a five <propfemale> comparative analysis paper before bedtime   surprise 
"is stuck on the damn conclusion! <,<"
is finally done! *printing*
wants to go to disneyland   surprise 
thinks disneyland is looking better and better everyday  -_-
can haz escape now? -_-
wants to go to disneyland like there's no tomorrow  i could use the magic 
has no motivation to read for class  only two classes left  i could fail the last test and still get a high a 
is ready for a road trip 
"is fighting an anxiety attack  >,<"
really needs that disneyland trip   *holds out cup for monies*
is in anaheim! disneyland tomorrow   smile 
is back from disneyland   laugh 
has spoiled children of earth for herself  tt^tt
is on the verge of an anxiety attack  x-x
wants her some torchwood  must get season 2   love 
loves the rain!
had a blast at the <propfirst> urban concert!! not gonna be able to talk tomorrow   laugh 
is in need of inspiration  x-x''
is liking the thunder!! now just rain already   surprise 
ate too much  x-x
is on the edge of an anxiety attack   x-x
is loving this storm!!
is hungry
just got her new betta!  love 
and back to class i go   
is off to precalculus 
's betta made a proper bubble nest while she was in class  oo
can't get farmville to work  d:
"new favourite song: <propfirst> swift's \i'd lie\""  love """
has her chemistry homework done    a week early 
is having a precalculus homework marathon   
had her blood drawn and didn't faint! phew 
is effing in love with <propmale> <propfemale>   love   love   love 
doesn't understand people 
's contacts are misbehaving
is probably going to lose her mind  <propfemale> christmas 
has a new haircut!! *dances*
<propfemale> chistmas!
can't get the sims 3 to work anymore! d: stupid e playful ansion pack   
fixed her sims!!! installing e playful ansion pack   *fingers crossed*
figures her new coat is doomed to be coated with <propfemale> hair  -_-
had a burglar in the sims 3 steal the toilet and the bathroom sink  ugh  *eyeroll*
needs a job
"is, quite frankly, missing having a boyfriend  ugh "
's pokémon silver game isn't saving!! argh! d<
     my sim was just attacked by a zombie bear  wtf oo
wooo! pokémon yellow  love 
keeps getting logged out by facebook  <-<
sims 3 tiem nao
"    whenever i go to message someone, they go offline "
green w  blue stars
is home alone   bored  playing game boy
home alone  dog's spazzing  might head to the mall  anyone want to <propfemale> out?  laugh 
doesn't smell like a horse anymore! yay!
side by side
finally saw the end of time  tt^tt
favourite house episode ever tonight!  love 
wants some real food for a change 
"has way too many bittersweet memories  don't want to forget the good stuff, but couldn't it at least hurt a little less?"
thunder!!!!
rain!!!!
woo! creative block broken!!
and now for a huge bout of anxiety
i did the macarena with a stuffed animal in your bathroom because i'm cool like that 
drawing mood!
is really tired and light-headed   music and bed time 
feels like drawing but    needs to find a different sketch book >(
groomed half a horse p:
can't open her bag of m&m's d<
      why does is seem like everyone who watches me or faves my stuff on deviantart are 15 year olds? x-x
needs something to cheer her up
"\love is what we want   it's what we really need\"""""
class in the morning     sleep time
ugh  one hour til my next class
has a dork of a fish   love 
"is officially not intended to have any money this week  first: prescription, second: textbook  ugh "
is sick of being logged out of facebook every five minutes! d<
ugh  class is six and a half hours  x-x
moar rain!
is in love with her medical terminology book  love 
"incidentaloma: refers to a mass lesion involving an organ that is discovered une playful ectedly by the use of ultrasound, computed tomography scan, or magnetic resonance imaging and has nothing to do with the patient's symptoms or primary diagnosis "
crap   class in six and a half hours    bed!
wants to be anything but awake right now
first medical terminology test tomorrow
eating a hot fudge sundae that was sitting in the freezer for an hour    
has class in six hours  ugh  should probably sleep soon 
is kind of enjoying her hour for music   love 
"just realized exactly how much homework she has    >,<"
feels pretty good about her first chem test
"doppleganger week, eh? i have no clue who i look like, lol "
"holy crow, my sim wants to have ten kids! you already have five!! d:"
stupid credit card
auditions are my favourite part of american idol   laugh 
rain!
really isn't in to all this medical terminology tonight    three chapters at once is too much!
might be getting a snaaaake  laugh 
got a snake!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, with only the first entry for your name "
groomed three horses  back for horsemanship at 2  smile 
"what happened to alphabetized friends lists? >,<"
trying to figure out if it's a good idea to dig the snake out of its bedding or just leave it      annoyed 
thinks it's creepy when her snake decides to burrow and she can't see where the damn thing is   surprise 
just fed her snake for the first time    that was an e playful erience  
"wtf, new layout?! >,<"
wants to hold her snake    but needs to do homework 
"omg, english (pirate) is so much fun!!  laugh "
bored  anyone want to chat while i do calculus?  laugh 
needs another day to magically appear between thursday and friday
loves her snake
looks like i get to spend <propfirst>'s day alone this year   sad 
happy <propfirst>'s day!
critter jaiden slither <propfemale> hernandez -- snake's name  p:
calculus is kicking my butt
feeding time for the snake   
"snake fed, cage cleaned  woo!"
"immigration team's game night was a blast!! so exhausted now, lol"
has a headache
lost a contest for a character and has to admit it kind of spoiled the rest of her day   crying 
<propmale> tiem
thinks she's getting a cold  sad 
's deviantart subscription e playful ires in a week  sad 
really needs someone competent to read her research paper   
     i'm bored 
slice was a blast!!! sad to leave san <propmale> but so glad to be back to my own bed and shower   playful 
wants a copy of photoshop
so  tired 
is actually considering a bearded dragon    
is sick  again  stupid cough
counting the days to summer break
"hm, zombieland was a lot funnier the first time around   "
is it the weekend yet?
is ridiculously excited for sims 3 ambitions!
has an awesome new pet!
first friday anyone?
hospitals suck  
ugh  calculus final in seven and a half hours 
half of my finals out of the way!
"rofl, my dragon thinks my freckle is food!  laugh "
passed calculus with a c!
finished her last final!!!
has that feeling of anxiety  
made her first non high school play!
really kind of dizzy x-x
boooooored
isn't entirely loving the house finale  house cuddy isn't my favourite  but i guess it was kind of cute 
"in roughly a month, my dragon has grown from 5 5\ to about 6 25\""  laugh """
"uuugh, panic  "
don't suppose anyone would be interested in going to <propfirst> lambert's concert with me? i'm afraid to go by myself   laugh 
is feeling a little disturbed  
booooooorrred
too much burger in my hamburger helper -_-
is having some pretty amazing food
why must life be so un-fucking-fair?
cookies and milk  love 
my dragon's sleeping on my shoulder  love 
migraine  sad 
it's hard to use a touch screen when you've got a bandaid on your finger   
anyone want to go to disneyland with me?
is going to need someone to dragon sit       any reptile people out there?
      needs a new profile pic
thinks russian accents are cute
"survived the needle stick, woo"
is being surprised at how palatable the school food is today 
cars are conspiring against us!
wants an ear cuff      
my bearded dragon is trying to eat me! d:
heard 'have you forgotten' on the radio leaving the college and started crying
misses <propfirst> already
big bang theory = hilarious
why does it seem like all the artists i want to see in concert always decide to play cricket wireless? it arizona people! gonna be losing fans to heat stroke!
new season of house!  laugh 
rain!!  laugh 
"please put this in your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish for 2010 and beyond is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights  ? promote love and acceptance, not hate "
hates roadwork  
<propmale> <propfirst> is amazing!
unstoppable is incredible!  love 
free tacos =  love 
is fucking sick of politics; people should not be denied what they so desperately need to survive 
new <propmale> potter movie was pretty intense last night  had sooo much fun!  laugh 
note to self: pizza hut breadsticks do not reheat well
geeking out with the original series of <propfemale> trek! :b
lab report done! off to study muscles for lab exam   x-x
"ngh, love <propmale> quinto  love "
just saw tron and it was incredible!
dental cleaning and bloodwork   what a fun day
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  smile 
off to work  sad 
so tired   couldn't really sleep  surgery in three-ish hours  x-x
surgery was a success   just really super tired now
tonsillectomy tales: managed about 10 oz of water and a jello cup  smile  it's not as bad as i e playful ected
"worse  sore  throat  ever  t,t thankful for pain meds"
seems like the swelling's going down   still hurts like crazy to swallow though
figured out what the funny lines on my tongue are   where they had it clamped during surgery  annoyed 
ow ow owie ow! :< on to day 2 post-op
mmmm pudding
"why does everything have to hurt worst in the morning? t,t no fair"
"would like to thank  everyone so much for the kind words, well wishes and thoughts  it really means a lot to me   love "
"ohmigosh, anxiety attack on top of tonsillectomy post-op day 3"
is craving chocolate  
can't keep my eyes open!  <propfemale> tired
mmmm coconut water mango sorbet  love 
having just a slight bit of bleeding  looks like the scabs might be starting to come off!
"omg, day 7 post-op is the worst!! am i done yet?"
"doesn't want to jinx it, but the pain just might be less today! here's to hoping the trend continues! cross your fingers for me  "
wants to eat real food!
ate a bowl of buttered noodles  love 
not enjoying waking up at odd hours to spit out pieces of scab :<
wishing i could taste things properly :<
well it's looking like another valentines day alone  sad 
tonsillectomy update: had my post-op visit   my surgeon says i'm healing well  woo!
it shouldn't take a damn month to find out my car is totaled! t-t
"reflecting on my last update: my car did its job and kept me safe; for that, i'm grateful "
i really want my car back :<
oh ny gosh i hate this parking lot
didn't realize just how many disney sequels there are   
woo graduation petitions are in! for both my as and aa  laugh 
"just had yogurt for the first time in at least six years   still can barely swallow the stuff, uck "
is so ready for this class to be over  
i hate mosquitoes
"note to rude drivers: if you're going to pull out in front of someone, go the speed limit"
rice krispies  love 
rice krispies  love 
