5d27a57d2d4a33de159f59757473f274
jbu in mco!  laugh 
hazmat is boooring    
i got to fly a a320 lvl d today   had a great takeoff and a great landing
"\how much blue would a jetter jet if a jetter could jetblue?\""  wink """
graduated from jetblue u! time to fly mco jfk oak!  laugh 
seriously   jbu training moduels are sooo time consuming  good thing i finished all of them today!  laugh 
hmmm night shift at oak   zzzzzzzzzzzz snore  seriously i should have brought my xbox to work heh heh
happy new years! we gotta fly in the early am but i hope everyone stays safe and has a good time with their friends and family  smile 
already putting some mocha to use this year for our customers!  playful 
back at oak   hmm somehow it is even more quiet than before     annoyed 
damn i remember now why i hated studying all the time   but its necessary from here on out again  if only i could soak up all this faster   
wow +tsra and cb's here in cali?! damn global warming  
"applied internally to be a jetblue airways dispatcher today!  laugh  now a little luck, a few more emails to send, and a lot more luck on top of that and i can possibly land a interview in nyc! woo!"
going to see book of <propmale> in union landing! anyone is welcome to come! 3:50 show  laugh 
"buried in faa forms   8710, 8400   8700  ugh   lost in thoughts  alteast <propmale> will be on tonight; something to look forward to heh "
finally i can try to stay up late and sleep all day tomorrow   
"i'm finally a faa certified aircraft dispatcher!! after 3 years of waiting, oak fsdo b s   and a ton of emails calls to other faa persons    laugh  sjc fsdo rocks!"
finally something happened for me that is good and not stress or jetblue related!
yes! finally have a new student to instruct! woo hoo wheels up come monday!  laugh 
bored  atleast i don't have to work tomorrow
why am i wide awake at 9am on my only day off?!  annoyed 
seriously i should making decisions for this airline in soc this is insane   now i'm off to to hwd to fly my own flight! wheels up baby!  laugh 
storms a coming  just beat it back in from the north!  playful  anyone want to join me on my road trip to redding this weekend??
finally some daily flying and great weather to teach in!  laugh 
"a few touch and go's at oak, some sightseeing over downtown sf; all in a days work  time to devour a big lunch!"
wow my brother from college is getting married and paying for the tux and place for me to stay in mt?! who knew a wedding could be cool?!
deep in the depths of my thoughts  lights out 
"damn jury summons bs   doesn't ca know i have \residency\"" in montana by now?! (3rd time i've faxed them paperwork   ) time to plan a long cross country flight now   hmm"""
needs to fly far far away and not have to come back  one day hopefully soon 
another day another dollar  atleast the lousy fog cleared out to tear it up around <propmale> airport    i saw a <propfemale> a c with a soloing student   scary stuff   
"damn i hate fog and ifr when you have students that are not working on their instrument  maybe tomorrow will be better   screw you clouds, i'm going home   annoyed "
some days its great to be a instructor   today happened to be one of those days!  smile 
"damn it so tired of getting up at 4am   patience is wearing thin  i need a different \extra\"" job """
"alright lots of sunshine, clear skies, great visibility! perfect training day for my students  now on to some good food and call it a day "
hmm hoping its <propfemale> in the valley so some maneuvering can get accomplished today  byron tracy here we come!
contemplating alternative opportunities to further myself and my career   damn i hate paperwork 
teach gusty crosswind landings and wind shear practice or stay at home and call it a day  hmm  
damn crosswind landings are fun!!!  laugh  now if all these cb's could move on out it'd be a great training day 
can't sleep but i'm tired  stressed out and burned  all i'm asking for is for a few hours of sleep damn it > annoyed 
monday is a thursday for me but feels like a tuesday today   annoyed 
damn ifr   i need my commercial student to get his flight training clearance already  snore tsa   zzzzzz
"wow thunderstorms, heavy rain and light hail! not a good day to keep the suby outside or go flying with my students   annoyed "
"now this is a good day: sleep in, a intro flight, some ground school classes and maybe a training flight today and sunshine finally   laugh "
12 hour work day = need more zzzzzzzzz
"fixed some pnr issues, did a cross country to <propfemale> <propfemale>, buzzed infineon raceway, left some rubber at livermore and ended the day with some weather theory in hayward  woot!"
"next to the insane weather of hain, rain, gusty 40 knot crosswinds and then sunshine, it was all in all another day on the job"
"landed in the most eerily silent airport as a storm came in, booked it back to the bay and now i'm curious as to why that airport even exists there   kllr  how fitting for a <propfirst> <propmale> novel   "
"woo perfect day to fly, now off to a potential new place to work   "
80 <propmale> plus visibility!! i could see mt  lassen from diablo today! wow!  laugh 
almost time to jump into a seneca! yeah! finally something with some hp  smile 
damn i hate trying to sleep mid day so i can fly at night     annoyed  at last its my friday from b6
<propfemale> <propfemale> today! woot! i see sjc as a destination as well  laugh 
ah my friday   hmm at the pace i'm going i'm going to have 2 sida badges and 2 airport parking stickers! yeah! (of course i didn't affix any sticker to my car windshield  hah port of oakland!)
one last early am shift in oak   the end is near! i hope flying keeps picking up  annoyed 
"failed airstart, unticketed passengers, pushback tug driver pushing the jet almost to the fedex ramp while lgb is coming in and full flights   now that was a ending to my oak e playful erience! hah! what a blast  laugh "
angles and demons   wow  that movie was insane!  laugh 
damn cb and unstable weather systems   fine keep me grounded today i'm starting at sjc tonight anyway  something new for once  
damn i won't lie i'm going to miss oak am   i need a real flying job and just move on  
seriously stressed out in so many ways that i hate almost everything at this point that doesn't make things easier in some way 
the ang has f22s and b2 stealth bombers but not the active usaf? wtf? suddenly the ang looks kinda awesome  
sjc   not as fun as oak   seriously i can't do this with only one flight     annoyed 
american eagle is hiring!!! yes! application takes forever to fill out but worth it  25 pilots plus per month!  laugh 
it is so strange to have full internet access at the ticket counter  hmm  
i'm going to seriously cry   my xbox died last night   rrod    crying    at least microsoft sent me a box to get it fixed   
"time to clean up the beach in half <propfemale> bay! f driving, i'm flyin in!  wink "
walked the entire 5 <propmale> from haf airport to <propfirst> beach   looong walk but saw all the beaches in half <propfemale> bay within a few hours  not too shabby  
"good vis today, busy at the non-con airports, not a cloud in the sky  napa is awesome to fly on days like this!  laugh "
"another day, another dollar  i need to go back to a stage 1 tune  annoyed "
wooo damn hulu is awesome!! i still got to watch <propmale>!  laugh  woo!
"ifr hwd-mae and back   turbulence, icing, rain, imc the whole way, and a remarkable breakout at 4000 feet in bravo airspace over san <propfirst>! now thats flyin!  laugh "
off to rio vista   
i seriously can no longer fly in the left seat  it was just too weird!
work = snore    zzzzzzzzz   
damn intro flights on sunday ams! so sick of flight instructing sometimes  annoyed 
damn you fedex on only hiring for one day for air ops in oak! grr ok i need a airline to call me back i need out of this place! > annoyed 
"my chances are next to none  all they can say is no so why the hell not    i applied to be a first officer with jetblue airways! foot in the door, lets try and get it open!  laugh  (any reccomendations sent in would be greatly appreciated!)"
i get my xbox back tomorrow!! wooooooooo! time to do some <propmale> yardwork 
madera tomorrow am for another checkride   let's get another first time pass for my student!
sweet! pay raises and interline agreement with south african airways! nice!  laugh 
another day another dollar  what is this so called weekend? never heard of it  hmm 
oh k time to prep the station for the return of our beantown flight! where's the blue juice?   
ok so free stuff for the customers and the crewmembers on our new beantown flight?! thats kick ass! jet sjc to bos on the shuteye! woot!
audi s4 = really slow car vs my sti  wink 
woo! flyin to montana tomorrow am! maybe alaska will upgrade me to 1st class up to seatac  wink 
sitting in seatac waiting for next flight  snore   
"and so i've returned to billings, montana! ahhh fresh air and even better scenery!  laugh "
thunderstorms! monson rain! lightning strikes near my damn car! this is insane out here in the backcountry! lol
congrats zac on getting married bro!
woo one more day in montana! full flights today outta seatac   oh well  playful 
seriously doesn't want to leave montana and go back to california    annoyed  come on and make some pilot jobs up here!
back in seatac! i already miss montana  annoyed 
<propmale>!! season finale wooooo! good way to finish off my vacation  smile 
seriously is it the full <propfemale> or does everyone who has to fly out tonight have some sort of  problem checking in?!
up! what a good movie wow   smile 
today: cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs!  playful 
chillin at sfo   listening for jetblue 1436 on approach!  smile  woo ba 747!
"wooo we are going to <propfemale> <propfirst> for our station anniversary next month, for freeeee! damn this airline seriously kicks ass! yeah \other guys\"" you got nothin! ;p"""
bored  guess its time to wash the sti and busy myself
would really like to somehow get a job with mountain aviation if there pilots are about to retire  come on citations and <propmale> airs!!
red dead redemption on fox! this is awesome!  laugh 
can't sleep  ugh  playing <propmale> wake until i finally crash out
smack! hello summer heatwave    annoyed 
"another day, another dollar  i need another vacation away from here!"
damn i hate having allergies grrr > sad 
now this is nice when its dark and 75 degrees!  laugh 
time to fly the monterey bay today!  laugh 
e3 is nothing less than amazing with the stuff coming out for gamers!  laugh 
pissed off at jetblue and the bs pto system that they use  f'in useless
damn it i hate having to run through 2 terminals to get to the buss when it doesn't stop!!
yeah yeeaah no missing the bus tonight! hah  and the flight was late  blue turn!  wink 
woo going sf with my dad for fathers day  what to do hmmm  
hot hot hot  come on night  need some natural ac about now!
come on american eagle gimme a call! i want out of here! haha
the dog just hit the screen door at full speed and had the most hilarious wtf just happened?! look all over his face lol
meeting with <propmale> barger was awesome! how cool is it to meet your airline's ceo?!  laugh 
happy 4th of july to everyone! hope you all have a blast and remember those who gave the ultimate sacrafice past and present to give us our freedoms today  now go blow some up some fireworks and eat some bbq!  laugh 
all quiet on the western front   come on 2300 so i can go home!
job hunting   
why does california have to suck so much?! why can't it be a great state instead of a dump?    annoyed 
planning a trip to seattle in september for pax west 2010! any accommodation suggestions??
5 1 dolby surround sound = awesome movie and gaming e playful erience!  laugh 
dragging though the minutes at work tonight     annoyed   snore   
yes finally football season has begun! goodbye lame baseball!
got some real golf clubs! time to hit some balls for the hell of it!  laugh 
almost time to play some more medal of honor beta! hopefully its alot more fun tonight  smile 
laptop gave out after 8 years of servitude  damn this sucks   annoyed 
scored a interview with fit in florida! now i just need to get aa or cape air to do the same hmm
damn summer just hit cali with its backhand and it f'n burns!  annoyed 
i just was hired by cape air for captain! woo!  laugh  yeah i'm going to boston!
writing for a gaming website and preparing for my atp = awesome rush!
"game on after b6 tonight, halo: reach!"
halo: reach tonight! everyone is welcome to join in and have a blast!  smile 
damn so much to do in just a week ugh stress!  annoyed 
"yeah jfk   you and your thunderstorms, runway closures, and near 3 hour bust of the tarmac delay rules   and then you still send a flight to sjc at 4 am   "
"damn it still at work seriously, jfk get your shit together   "
time to jet to fll outta sfo woo!  laugh 
nice tropical storm nicole   coming in the day i want to fly out of here heh
"ground school starts monday, sim training the week after in hya!, time to start a new adventure!"
initial ground school: check done    atp: coming up next week in hyannis!  laugh 
yea!! i got a new laptop from my dad as a bday present! kick ass! i can almost smell the sweet air of cape cod  laugh 
atp written: pass! check   last day w  jetblue  annoyed  coming up  what a great company damn i hate to leave it
off to beantown tonight! bye bay area and jetblue! time to open the cape air chapter and fill it up with some good times! won't lie though leaving home is rough 
thank you everyone for the birthday comments! it makes my first day in hyannis a very memorable one!  laugh 
"systems training day 2! started practice of cockpit flows and emergency \red box\"" items  this is totally the most fun i've had in a long time!  laugh """
9k ground school: completed! aircraft flows and simulator next up  hopefully by next week i will be flying the c402!
road trip around the cape to p-town!
seems like a cape air stl base is in order for myself after training   some midwest flying  atleast i'll get a fo and have an aa codeshare tagged on my flight number!
mac: i wish i could be there with you in your final moments  i will always remember how much you unconditionally loved us all  may god open his doors so you can be with the angels  i'll miss you so much 
rained out on flying today   hmm  next week hopefully i'll get to a checkride and ioe!
victory is near! go giants!
the closer is in the house! strike em out!!
giants world champtions baby!! yeah!!!
"bid awarded! i'm going to <propmale>, illinois! mid-west here i come!"
atp and 135 pic checkride on wednesday!! finally   then my ioe and then i'm flyin home! (on none other than b6 of course!)  laugh 
passed my atp and part 135 checkride!!! i am officially a cape air captain!!  laugh 
got my wings and stripes today from the chief pilot! ioe here i come  lets get this done before thanksgiving  that'd be awesome  smile 
first ioe line tomorrow! hya-bos roundrobin! yea this is going to be fun!  laugh 
boston routes today have been the most fun i have ever had in my career! the customers and crew at this airline rock! next up: ack air!  laugh 
"hello and goodmorning!, i'm <propfirst>, your nantucket captain for today! yeah this job is awesome! come fly ack air on us!  laugh "
"happy thanksgiving! time to pull out roasted turkeys, tons of food, snacks, xmas lights and trees, connecting with family and friends and bringing hope and joy to everyone! this is the best time of the year!  laugh "
ioe completed! i can finally leave hya!! time to migrate back west  smile 
back to sjc tomorrow afternoon on flt 471! get to see the sjc crew! woot woot!  laugh 
sitting at <propfirst> (bos) bored   snore   zzzzzzzz   ready to jet home!
is home in the bay until friday  then road trip to my new home in illinois   
sushi boat tonight! home is great      laugh 
finally in <propmale>! time to live it up on the line  laugh 
comcast seriously has a monopoly on the internet market and charge ridiculous prices yet i still pay it anyway   hmm   such is the costs of renting a house
"crew scheduling foul up, de-icing unit runs out of gas, and a dead battery on the a c so it had to be connected to a power cart  all on my first flight today     confidential "
"woo blizzard warnings, rime ice and full loads! this is some rough flying over here but man its great! haha"
a full day of jumpseating back home to oak on swa! good stuff  smile 
helping the economy by xmas present shoppin   of all the places i can fly to i end up buying presents in e playful ensive cali at home! haha
back to work in <propmale>   
2 short rt's to stl and back tonight and then jumpseat'n back to oak in the am!
sitting in aus waiting for my 3rd jumpseat leg to get to oak after late flights and delays  its all made up for by sitting up front though  smile 
finally home   damn that was a long day jumpseating
swa flight crews = awesome  had a blast jumpseating up front from lax to stl  southwest you rock!  laugh 
crazy winter storm day in stl  of course we still fly here at cape air! and here i thought montana had bad weather days  hah 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! 9k running full speed in stl!
cookin the christmas dinner! oh yeah we know how to cook around here!  laugh 
eating sushi with my dad and brother in fremont!
got a droid x for christmas! !  laugh 
on to my 2nd droid x   the first one had issues  sad 
time to migrate east to stl in a day full of cancellations hmm
"rain showers,thunderstorms and turbulence today! its going to be an adventure getting back and forth to stl"
tornado sirens at stl going off as we boarded our <propmale> flight  the flight itself was one for the books!
my first full days off in <propmale> are coming up   im sure that will be oh so exciting
ok lets not get any more severe icing on the routes tomorrow; that'd be great 
"still does not understand the \bar scene\""     annoyed """
ready to jumpseat on swa back to oak and relax at home  i found more to do in montana than out here   
go jets! beat down the lousey cheatin patriots! yeah!
almost my days off   what to do!? hmm
line checked! well atleast it was just like any other flight  
peanut butter jelly time! peanut butter jelly time!  playful 
fog sucks! delayed      annoyed 
delays turn to cancellations     sad   seriously    fog like this in the middle of land?!
dead space 2    amazing game! well worth the money!  laugh 
freezing rain coming to uin and stl   i see a day off coming up!
jumpseating on ual from stl to sfo!  laugh 
it is so hot in california holy crap   damn it i do not want to go back to stl ugh  
"where do i want to fly on my days off this week? how about madrid, spain!  laugh "
first class to madrid on <propfemale>!!!  laugh  hells yeah!
i am in spain!!! yeah!!    laugh 
departing madrid in 5 hours on delta   maybe we will go back through jfk and have the same awesome crew we had coming out   hmmm
checking in for atl flight from mad  spain was awesome!
peanut butter jelly time tomorrow!
the 40 year old virgin = always awesome movie no matter how many times you watch it!
oh yeah clear and a million with 65 degree weather! melt that damn snow finally!   laugh 
if i'm lucky i'll have contacts to wear after today  no more glasses finally  now where did i hide my oakleys??  hmm
daytona 500 is insane this year! hope i don't miss the last lap before flight time  stop crashing into walls damn it!
house = awesome
i seriously dislike this town    i couldn't stand living here longer than my duty week ugh 
i can not wait until i am out of this dump that's called the midwest  october can not come fast enough
hail ruined the hood of my car   i guess its time to go with some carbon fiber and start upgrading again 
ok let's not have golf ball sized hail again today   that'd be great
sweet extra overtime today! now if the cruddy weather can move off to the northeast that'd be good
finally skywest and american eagle are hiring! application time!  laugh 
back to work   
come on base bid   give me mvy or ack for the summer!!
system bid closes tomorrow at 12! i hope i get marthas vineyard! otherwise another 6 months in <propmale> ugh   
alright!!!  i'm going to nantucket for the summer for cape air!!  laugh 
well my cfi is now good until 2013   yay   
now i remember why i don't like going to dance clubs    ugh i am not one to belong there
allright time to deal with some thunderstorms and winds upwards of 35 knots! woo! bringing the a game with hammertime   
