c2ade9c0589b24ae481d9c2d4f44134e
when can i go back to state college?
is it true that gingers have no souls?
needs something to do 
"if anybody needs a place to stay  in state college(or knows someone who does), my apartment still has an opening for the fall semester  $320 a month, utilities included "
anybody feel like going for breakfast coffee lunch tomorrow?  especially people who i haven't spoken to in a while (it's come to my attention that i have facebook friends that i haven't seen in person since high school) 
work at *six am* tomorrow 
"family vacation to rickett's <propfirst>   if there are a few of you who feel like coming up and hiking the falls trail this week, that would be awesome "
if i had a million dollars   
"is anyone interested in that two-day backpacking trip i was talking about over spring break? if i can find a few people, i'd like to go in early august before i have to go back to state college "
believes that obama is a native-born american 
"anybody know what's going on with penn state webmail?  the last time i checked my email, i was using like 8% of my quota, but now i'm using 100%   did they decrease the quota recently?"
going deep sea fishing this weekend   hopefully i'll have some nice tuna steaks when i come back on sunday 
"work at 6 am tomorrow, then it's back to state college and 9 am classes "
is in state college   nobody around   
watching man vs  wild
"judging by the lip-shaped scar on my micro prof's right hand, it's probably safe to assume he's punching some guy in the face right now "
watching leno 
"even with live musicians, hip-hop is terrible "
"bought a coffee press today   makes a nice cup of coffee   reminds me of cowboy coffee, but without having to drink the grinds "
wants to work 9-5 and have evenings with no obligations    tired of studying 
"on my way back from class just now, i was listening to the pietasters (an excellent ska band, if you appreciate that kind of thing) and drinking coffee   at some point, during a trumpet solo, i realized that my coffee tasted just like the trumpet sounded   maybe i have caffeine-induced synesthesia?"
"hey, how 'bout let's don't lose to iowa *again *"
another interception?!?
snl is back tonight 
hey you guyyyys!
is making pierogi 
watching cartoons on fox 
it's really <propfemale> 
thinking about visiting myerstown this weekend   anybody else planning on being there?
is home   working tomorrow at 6 am 
is back in state college 
winter storm watch in effect tomorrow 
"i just found out that two of my 4 final exams will be at 8 am   not good news, to say the least "
maybe i can file an exam conflict because my exam time conflicts with my sleep schedule?
"did you know that humans and our livestock and pets represent 98% of terrestrial vertebrate biomass?  and that 10,000 years ago, we represented less than 1%?  i find that amazing "
"thinks that the country's fear of \socialism\"" is hampering progress in health care reform """
toothpaste + residual garlic from pizza = bad taste in mouth 
is out of coffee 
"it's about time for break to start, i think "
"\members of the house are reminded not to use guests as props \"""""
lol  south park's doing a <propfirst> beck episode!
"watching the last home football game on tv    then writing a paper, studying biochem, playing at a volleyball game, etc  busy weekend "
this weekend was great  but this week's gonna be *so* long    break can't come soon enough 
"well, looks like i'm skipping my 9 am class    think i'll use the time to make some pancakes  and coffee "
"should've started this paper weeks ago  4 pages to go, little less than three hours left to finish them "
is back in myerstown 
is out of coffee 
"wants to march and play \jazzy old saint nicholas \"""""
"i wish there were an efficient way to read a book, type notes from that book, and drink coffee at the same time   "
"cleaning the house   going to donate some old clothing and stuff to goodwill, then off to play trumpet at a basketball game, then home tomorrow   hopefully the roads won't be too bad   "
"hitting the trail tomorrow with <propfemale> <propfemale> gardner  back friday for work, then headed back to state college saturday "
"one part of a classic philosophy question: you're standing on a bridge over a train track next to an extremely large man  you notice a train coming in the distance, but realize that the 5 men working on the track haven't noticed it    do you push the large man, stopping the train, but killing him, or do nothing and allow the 5 men on the track to die? why?"
"hmm    the light in my room works, but none of the outlets seem to have any power   none of the breakers have tripped, either   looks like i'm going to be hanging out downstairs for a while   "
"my \what's hot in google\"" rss feed is full of farcical news articles today """
"\a man is about as happy as he makes his mind up to be \"" - <propmale> <propmale>"""
made some cold brewed iced coffee   *way* better than leftover hot coffee with ice 
's computer is out of commission  probably going to have to be replaced 
is back in myerstown and using his sister's computer   new one arrives tomorrow 
caught my first trout of the season tonight   haven't decided how it's going to be cooked yet 
sweet! i just won exactly one million us dollars in the australian lottery!
thanks for the birthday wishes!
is in myerstown for the week 
