028d91542613fc50ee2a9d1e976104e2
i'm ready when you're ready for me    
havent started school and already in debt     fun fun    
have to work wed  night     sorry church gang nothing i can do    
i got my wed back     thank god for that    
more lonely than i have ever been      crying     
seeing truth but feeling weird        
bored
feeling sicker than ever before      
"sore all over, and is disappointed about the out come of the knowing    "
hurting all over    
"tired, sore, repeat     tired, sore, repeat    "
truth is mixing with false perception    
work     work     work     the fun never ends    
so drained from working       but cant seem to sleep      
tired    z z z z     *yawn*    
college in 6 days      so e-x-c-i-t-e-d!     yay!    
need coffee coffee coffee       *yawn*      
every quiz i get like this i get <propmale> but wut do you guys think i should do in the <propmale> field?  
love is becoming more of a <propfemale> tale than reality      sad     
2 more days until college life       woot woot       
got a new computer puppy to keep my smile     its a black lab      wink     
at collage    its fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     it is not kidding
college is so over rated     new seniors you have nothing to worry about    
i'm in class doing nothing     lol    
tired     tired     tired     tired     repeat      
boy oh boy oh boy     a rough couple of days ahead of me    
still out of it from the news of yesterday      
high light of the day: potato soup ! !     its amazing     ;p    
no campus job for me i guess      
i got a graphic tablet and it is like sweet!
easier to be the influenced than the influencer
on a pilgrim's journey with one goal     the heavenly city     want to join?
on a pilgrim's journey with one goal     the heavenly city     want to join?
not feeling so hot        
in my class and it is really boring       ;p      
i am going to lose my mind           
stress emotionally and physically doesnt do me justice          
the movie legion is 100% against god          
tired of life and to tired to care about the problem      
is wondering what fully happened the last 5 days      
is missing her really close friend who died 2 weeks ago    
new information       it's getting over whelming    
is glad its the weekend      
is home in the little town of mentone for the saturday only!      
is back at college and missing the rest of her friends she didnt have time to see    
is wondering when life will be about not living then but living now      
"\we get so much in the habit of wearing disguises before others that we finally appear disguised before ourselves\""     i am so confused about many things right now     this is me    """
i am coming to know the truth in many things lately      
    to tired to want to deal with anything anymore     its a friday    
hhuumm     pepper <propfirst>  cheese-its are amazing!    
life can be so cruel even to the most innocent    
what would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
i miss all my friends from home and church!    
omgness     its so cold     where did all the heat go?    
"spiritually, mentally, physically drained     or plainly i'm sick and it hurts    "
"courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear"
getting really tired     of fake friendships    
i'm finding that not all who wonder are lost      
what is it with peoples view on beauty    
nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets
wow looks like i'm not getting a break from being sick  
"no one who hides behind closed doors are free, for they are imprisoned by their own fear        "
"isn't is ironic? we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, & hurt those who love us?"
how is the world did i get here?    
going home for the weekend!     finally get to relax    
"i'm finding that moving on is simple, what you leave behind that makes it difficult"
having to wake up to reality     no time to dream anymore    
mid-term testing coming already     so not cool    
coming down to a couple of hard choices      
it's going to be a long weekend        
i'm finding that stress is the confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's basic <propfemale> to choke the living daylights out of some jerk who desperately deserves it  
it really sux when you lose or are about to lose someone close to you    it hurts    
sux when you are so tired and it takes all your energy to get to class to find it cancelled  lol  owell  
"i am finding that if you see the magic in a <propfemale> tale, you can face the future"
i am finding that fear is god's warning signal to get busy          
will i ever see what you could see in me?
i'm done pretending     done sitting on the side lines of life    
why do classes have to start on a monday?    
thank god     i am passing all my classes     so stress free now      wink     
"it is not love that is blind, but jealousy; which ends up hurting the ones you love    "
to think a car reck can make one feel so sore  agh  
doesnt anyone live an original life? what did you surrender to be on the in crowd?
"i wonder what its like to have it all, to never be afraid that i would fall    "
going to the doctor's tomorrow  pray they dont find anything wrong  
results from yesterday: concussion and very bad body pains      
x-ray and ct scan results: positive for no damage     thank the lord    
if head aches increase the next step will be a mri scan  hope that doesnt happen  
i see that the key to change is to let go of all my fears      
i gaze out a darkened window to a broken sky      
who wants to plant a pizza plant?      
i am finding that <propmale> is the only way to run away without leaving home
i'm ready to be done with everything     and just escape    
r i p  is the only way to really get any sleep now days   
i found that if you lose yourself your courage soon will follow  so be strong   
i'm finding that you might be done with <propmale> but <propmale> is never done with you    
   love   i would risk you hating me as long as in the end i know i still love you   love   
i live  because you make me believe in myself when nobody else can help    
"i'm thinking that perhaps our eyes need to be washed by tears now and then, so that we can see life more clearly again  "
though the world may think im losing touch with reality  it would be crazy to choose this world over eternity  
maybe all we need to do is stop planning our lives and start living them   
"omgness   tofurky and gravy soda, the new jones sodas  ummm  how about eeewww   sounds gross   "
if everything around us is beautiful than why do we find a need to change it?  
i have no clue what to say or think      
looks like in the end i am right     even if they say its not true i know it is     its proven    
i hope that what seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings that are hidden at first   
sux when you have friends and know they are lying to you and dont care   
going to have to face my past and present when writing my english paper  wish me luck  
this is going to be a long weekend  fun fun  
if i am so good at helping ppl why cant i help myself?   
"if we are the generation of change, then why do we tare down those trying to change the world for the better?  "
"to the unloving, the unfaithful, the hurting, the dreamless, the ungreatful, the unwanted  i love you  "
i'm finding that <propmale> is our senses on fire fueled by imagination  
what in the world is going on  sick then not then sick again  agh  
"to me the smartest people are those who fight, get beat, rise, and fight again  "
nothing ever happens the same way twice   
i hope everyone has a great break and safe trips  will miss you all  l8er  
so glad to be home and hanging with old friends again  
sickness never takes a break       owell      
"i'm finding that when we doubt our abilities and who we are, we give power to our doubt  "
2012 is not to bad of a movie but not what i thought it to be like  still good  
my heart is missing people that left and it will never stop loving them   
i feel more alive then i have for the past 3 year   
i have a new look on things and a new cell phone  
after what i have heard i can work to be at peace with a big part of my past    smile    
my life is great!!!!!  love 
"i feel a strong urge to join my friends and jump from 15,000 feet  "
going to have to face something i am hoping isnt the answer   
<propfirst> <propmale> concert was the best that i have ever gone to see!!!  wink    
im am coming down to a choice idk if my heart can bare   
"you call my name, i come to you in broken pieces, so you can make me whole   "
time going by way to fast  need time to slow things down  
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow      "
keeping hope and taking things slowly  trusting instead of relying on fear  
want more snow just minus the cold  lol  
things happen for the better of us and not the worse  hold onto that hope  
i was doing homework and ended on facebook   
im finding that there will be many friends that walk in and out of my life but only the true friends will leave their footprints behind  
"lol  is most commonly used when we run out of things of importance to say or have nothing else to say on im, text, or anything else for that matter  "
had an interesting and fun time last night  
i'm looking for an internship to take <propmale> classes in japan  
"im either moving to california, new york, florida, japan, or germany in the next couple of years  more likely japan though  "
i think this will be my last year at tech  i am for some reason on fire to trasnfer and go to japan  
one more left      
is being silent   
is happy to be away from everything for a month and hoping things clear up  
what is going on with pokemon on facebook?  thought it was dead history  
caffeine + adhd = danger lol    wink    
dont you love when the unexspected happens and your speechless?  
"the 23 flavors of dr  pepper: -amaretto, almond -blackberry, black licorice -carrot, clove -<propfemale>, <propfemale> -cola, <propfemale> -juniper, lemon -molasses, nutmeg -orange, prune -plume, pepper -root beer, rum  -raspberry, tomato -vanilla    i'm surprized alot about wuts in it  wow  "
is tired of ppl telling others to do as they wish and wut they believe is right  then they condem them for doing it and treat them like crap  
"lord i lift my friends to you, i've done all that i know to do, i lift my friends to you complicated circumstances have clouded their view, and i fear that i won’t have the words that they need to hear  i pray for your wisdom, oh god and a heart that's sincere, and lord i lift my friends up to you  lord i lift my friends to you my best friends in the world, i know they mean much more to you  i lift my friends to you "
i have not been called to the wisdom of this world but to a god calling out to me and even though the world make think im losing touch with reality it would be crazy to choose this world over eternity  
why do we hurt the ones trying to change the world when we encourage them to be a light to the world?  just shows wut a lifeless world we really are  
it hurts when some people assume things about people around them when they dont know wuts going on then say things that hurts those people before they even try to understand  really hurts  
i think i am in heaven  3-d animation is like so amazing  yay me  lol  
wuts it going to take to make people see my reflection isnt really a work of beauty?  
i wonder what it's like to have it all to never be afraid that i would fall  
doesn't anyone here live an original life?  or did you surrender to be on the inside?  
there is just no winning when it comes to some friends     but i love you all anyway with a full heart      
this weekend just crashed and became pointless    
i don't wanna be afraid     i wanna wake up feeling beautiful     yea like that will happen      sad      
in the race to be better or best do not miss the joy of simply being        joyful       
"what am i like?  i am like most humans  i have two legs and arms, a head, and still debating about the brain though lol    joyful    "
4 days til v day  everyone getting ready for a long sleep?  lol  
sometimes its hard to know wut to follow  my heading is spinning and my heart is crying  
is having a good day and is putting a smile on her face!!    joyful    
there is something about reading god's word that fills you with peaceand excitement  man to think i have been missing out on this gift  well i shall miss no more!   
i'll be the true friend you need  not the friend you want  
sick     sick     sick     the torture      sad     
hay guys  im not short  im leprechaun size  
rain is soothing and cool to the touch  and i get to wear yellow boots while singing in the rain  yay me  lol  
"i shall call him squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my squishy  come on, squishy come on, little squishy  "
what really bothers me is people who look down on others who struggle with learning  just because they struggle with learning doesnt mean they are any less of a person  so love me for me or dont love me  because what you see is what you get    wink   
it hurts me when i see people hurting others who try to make a difference  thought we wanted a world of positive change?  isnt that why we encourage people for a better world?  
"to all those who are lost, hurting, and alone  i love you   even if i might not know you  you always have me as your friend  so <propfemale> in there you'll live to see a brighter day  let me know if you guys need anything    joyful    "
"<propfirst> killed <propmale> and now tried to kill <propfirst>, destini, and hope  "
this weekend is going to test my <propfemale>  
"never be afraid to try something new  remember, amateurs built the ark  professionals built the titanic    joyful    "
oh how i hate computers!!!   
those were my nails  that was my crown  that pierced your hands and your brow  those were my thorns  those were my scorns  those were my tears that fell down  
"why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?"
im 40 golds away  can anyone help me out?  ill return the favor  thanx  
funny how we dont remember what happens when we pass out  
<propmale> institute of chicago here i come  yay me!  
"why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?"
the rain is heavy and cold  
nice thing about the rain  no one can see you cry  
its not the fact of wut they said that hurts me but the fact they choose to lower themselves to hurt others and myself  
aagghh sleep  i thought u were my friend   
saying hi is so easy but i find it hard to say good-bye  this time idk if i can  
"tears form on my saddened face, their trail warm against my cold cheeks  such a salty taste they leave as they disappear into lips moist with regret   "
"if people evolved from apes, why are there still apes?"
dont tell me wut makes up water  why is water wet??  
finally  i am offically going to the illinois institute of <propmale> - chicago  yay me!  
made it to the 1000th scolarship  only 2000 more to look through  agh  
watching sky captin and the world of tomorrow in class for my project  lol  so cool  
lord give me <propfemale> plez plez pppllleeezzz   
work in south bend from 8am-5pm then an hour ride back just to work 6 smile 0pm-11pm what a day tomorrow will be  
ive made up my mind  ill never have kids  thats final!!!  
sometimes i wonder why i try to fit in when i know im born to stand out  
"prayer is the best way to meet the lord  \trespassing is faster\""  """
i have an iq of 141  haha that's real funny  in my dreams maybe  
is standing in salty rain under clouds of disappointment   
is searching for something more  something better than what is happening around her  
i want to be the girl who travels the world to see it for the first time  to open my eyes to life  to seek the lost and help the hurting  
"love, isn't love  till you give it away  shine a light and send it on  "
i watched a frog die in front of me  it was horrible      crying     
do i have a talent??  what is my talent???   
i did excellent on english papers today yay me!   
do i have what it takes??  will i have what it takes??  idk  
if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  
wish me luck  typing one of the hardest papers i have ever written  
sometimes i feel dreams are better than the reality we wake to  
for those of you who keep saying im not a virgin  im proud to say i am 100% a virgin  
its the love between you and i  something beautiful yea ya  
how can one sleep with dark dreams??  
good-bye chocolate  i will always remember your taste  
life cant get any worse  oh wait  it just did  
im looking for special things inside of me  so far i havent found any thing special about me  
when i leave tech  i won't be looking back  
may <propmale> rest in peace  we will miss you  i will miss u  you will be remembered  
"even though the world may think, i'm losing touch with reality, it would be crazy, to choose this world over eternity   "
the deepest part of my heart are the words i can not say  but ones i long to give a voice to  
thanks <propfirst> for helping me loose my phone in your 93 acre woods  
wishes she could redo last night   
is planning for her b-day <propfemale> out  its going to be big  11 people going already  
found my phone yay!!  
my fishy went to fishy heaven    crying    
someone save me from the pain that is yet to come  i hate surgeries  
a friend that is willing to get u coffee out of the blue is a friend worth keeping  lol  
aaaahhhh  starbucks my good friend  so good  jordan ur the best!!  lol  
"my goal this year summer is to send food, clothes, and money to people in countries that have nothing  "
in the end i wish i wasnt right but now have come to find i am  
i passed my first year of college  and here is some advice its never goodbye just see u later  i will miss you all so much  
results of surgen info: shoot me now!!  
someone save me from the librarian  
yay yay yay <propfirst> <propmale> is coming to paulse  back stage passes here i come  yay!!  
my body taught me the hard way of the importance of having only starbucks and not a cheap coffee
surgery is wed at 8 am    
13 hours left til pain moves into our house  
the party has just become less entertaining  
its over  
they weren't kidding about the pain  
how can one sleep with so much pain  
i want real food not blizzards or shakes  
turtles are scarey  
"why is it when you say good-bye and leave, you can never get him her out of your mind?  wuts the point in saying good-bye  "
wut hurts is feeling that you were played  wut hurts the most is when you know find out you were  
"i wish for once, when people say they like you for you they would really mean it  "
i spoke to soon  great way to start a week  body sore and sick  yay me  -- --     
why do people feel the need to lower themselves to hurt others  come on guys stop being immature  
getting sicker  going to doctor for more meds yay me   -- --    
agh!!  my head  please stop pounding    crying    
wow i said to god it would be nice if it rained and <propfemale> and now it is  nice bday gift  
had a surprise visit from a girlfriend who took me to dinner right after nice  
well the teenage life is over  just another day to remind me i am not getting any younger  lol  
am i girly??  my bday gift from my parents was fried worms and i ate them  they taste like chalk  
aagghh health why arent u my friend  at the doctors again   -- --   
sick sick sick  its so annoying  
going back to the doctor  again   -- --   
i now own more pills than anyone in my family  
looks like history is about to repeat  sad       
im getting worse  hospital might be soon  
the will of god will never take where the grace of god will not protect you  
u know the hardest part is admitting to myself that how i feel inside is possible true
i love god moments  im not the only one  
healed everywhere but the ear which should be healed by the middle of next week  
im so tired of fake friends  come on people be real your either a friend or not!!  
yes super storm!!!  finally!!  
dont ever let the mirror tell u lies just look at ur reflection through my eyes  ur beautiful  
leap year is so funny yet romantic  they got my 5 gold stars  
ill miss the single life but hay maybe dating isnt all bad  
someone save me from this library theater  
will soon be in a land of art  *sigh*  so this is wut heaven is like  
its sad when people say ur beautiful the way u are yet they try to find ways to perfect u  
im so so tired of fake friends and pretenders  
tonight reminded me of why i hate my job  
darn these allergies  i miss the feeling of good health  
1  2  3     50  so much for the counting sheep idea  
im now known as popcorn girl  
sometimes i wonder if i am good enough or will ever be  
i really hate my job  hate  hate  hate  
on the road   again   
just repeat to urself  u can do it  u can do it  u can do it  
"a <propmale>, a bald eagle, and a black bear  wut else will i see  "
failure does not shape you; the way you respond to failure shapes you  
i want to go back in the mine its so cool inside  
no cooking is better than ur grandmas
they said only the best make it into the <propmale> institute  does this mean im good??  
is it true  89% of guys want the girl to make the first move??  
4-wheeling  u r my curse  
its hard to accept that they dont want you in their lives anymore   
i have spent close to 1000 on supplies for school  agh is it worth it  
plez give me something   or someone     crying     
im tired of people making me choose between them or god  make me choose and i will pick god every time   
i want to watch the stars dance in an endless sky  anyone want to join me??  
why is keeping guy friends the hardest thing to do??   
is tired and worn out in alot of ways   
does anyone have a webcam in good condition that they dont need or want?   
i had the best party ever with my amazing best and close friends   
ouch!!  slit my finger   
if i dont let u in   u cant run out   
"here is my mailing address for school: <propfemale> treiber 410 s <propfirst> st  unit #316-a chicago, il 60607"
cool im the set of where they r filming transformers   
<propfemale> light <propfemale> bright       i miss all the <propfemale>s tonight      
my words are silent  yet my heart cries out but knowing it will go unheard    crying      
i get to welcome another brother to the family!!  yay!!!   
does any one have a flip camcorder they dont use or want??  
im so tired and sore from coming out of the er at the hosptial  
feels better after a couples days of rest   
i think im home with moody church   
man 15-20 hrs on each project  its a good thing <propmale> is worth it   
one sickness after another
i got a flip camcorder for free thank you so much this means alot and helps alot for school!!
im going home on 25th-3rd yay me!! oh sweet home  my bf and cat  i miss you  
man sick again   im a sickness magnet   
true love is doing something a friend date likes even if u dont sometimes  in another words sacrifice for love  
im not getting rid of my pain  im just leaving it with him  
"i need u to come here and find me bc with out u im totally lost  ive <propmale> a wish on every <propfemale>, it hasnt done much good so far  idk wut else to do  "
get ready indiana next weekend im heading home  
forgive me <propfemale> jennings  happy late birthday!!  i miss you so much  
in the museum before it even opens and the only customer here too  cool  
i lost my drivers lic  in chicago  really?  
give me lighting and the music of thunder with the puriest rain to dance under   lit up by a magical city  *sigh*   
happy anny nicki!   love u   
the wheels on the train go round and round  round and round  round and round  the wheels on the train go round and round  all for the next 3 hours  
my dad with facebook?   lol  wow  take it slow dad  
the world cant tell me who i am only my daddy becuz my dad knows me  
i shouldnt have to go to church and be made felt unwanted because of a world standard  
bed  oh sweet bed  
its proven u can see stars in the city  
made it to upper land  lol  
the night gets better and better     
this retreat just became ockward   
i was not exspecting that   
im tired of dealing with it   
how can a 5 oz bird <propfemale> a 1 lb coconut?
i dont need it  i dont need it  i dont need it  
"is this all real or am i setting myself up to \fall again?   "
fell asleep in class  when i woke my classmates were gone  lol  
yes! i have an interview next week!!
google told me to kayka to hawaii then to japan  lol  
god      
its strangly weird and weirdly strange  
when  you look at me wut do u see?  
i think i'm losing my mind
omgness!  wut am i going to wear?  
i'm so blessed to have a sister like <propfemale> in my life  love ya  
"until i am complete and content with who i am in jesus christ, all my relationships will be a hopeless attempt to fill that void"
well god here am i  all of me  no longer am i a slave to my life  this is the real me  i am yours and yours alone  i kneel before your throne  here i am  
thats so strangely weird and weirdly strange  
wut the heck!  oh no i'm quoting <propfirst>!  
i will say this  im inlove with god  if u can't accept that then you wont be able to accpt me  its not my loss but yours  
"have i lost my mind?  i'm afraid so  im entirely bonkers  but i'll tell you a secret  all \the best people are  "
<propmale> thinks old ladies are cute  aaww sweet  
best night ever!!
no way  we all know i'm crazier  
"when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for awhile cause you're amazing just the way you are  "
hanging with cooking students and enjoying their food  *sigh*  heaven  
great is your faithfulness  great is your faithfulness  great is your faithfulness oh god  
if i wasnt so inlove with <propmale> right now it wouldnt be worth the stress  
omgness  all that work and stress and its not even due today  im ticked  and tired  
i love my crazy stupid goofy gorgeous artist werid lame socially challenged friends  
"most people say they are too busy for god     b-u-s-y: b-eing, u-nder, s-atan's, y-oke      "
"<propmale> is the ideas and concepts which flow through me onto the paper, using me as their medium to be seen  "
"before you ever took a breath  before the world began  all the wonders i possessed\there was one more precious  you're the one i madly love  enough to die for you  "
not all who wonder are lost        
i thought my heart learned it's lesson     my head is screaming \get a grip girl,\02 laugh 91542613fc50ee2a9d1e976104e2,"all wish to never face pain but that is not for them to decide  all we have to deicde is wut to do with the time given to us  and i choose to live, grow, and pursue god  god i am yours and am ready  "
i might not be working for thanksgiving  but now i'm stuck up here  aagghh  
man the mind of an artist  to many ideas  not enough time  
wow  tangled  funniest movie ever  laughed so hard  
is swimming good for your figure?     then e playful lain whales    
"if you throw a cat out of the car window, does it become <propfemale> litter?      "
"if con is the opposite of pro, is congress the opposite of progress?      "
"im so thankful that god is my best friend, lover, everything and will never let me down      "
let it snow let it snow let it snow      
who ever thought that making a chair out of paper could be so annoying  
how blind i am to all god gives me  praise god for my family who supports me  wouldnt be here if it wasnt for them  
coming home the 18th  yay me  
why do they have to make washing ur clothes so difficult!!  
done with this semester!
life has a funny way of moving you past your hopes and dreams  
we shouldnt celebrate the season     but the reason    
is back from the doctors and is sick
"i want to be beautiful, make you stand in awe  look inside my heart, and be amazed  i want to hear you say, who i am is quite enough  just want to be worthy of love, and beautiful    "
"dear <propfemale>, did you get my text?    "
<propfemale> christmas!!
im going back to chicago refressed and anew    
"you were like whoa and i was like whoa and we were like \whoa\"""""
tired and back on treatments theraphy from previous car wrecks    
i dont misbehave     i just look like i could     wwwhhhaaa    
chicago here i come   wait   after my 6 hour nap lol    
a few words spoken in anger can destroy a relationship that took years to build      
<propfemale> pretzel and dunkin' you both are my new best friends!
coffee + adhd = danger!!
fire alarm at 4am     agh     epic fail of all kinds     cursied floor 2    
omgness!     they are changing the cookie monster in a veggie eatting monster bc its healthier! wut is this world coming to!    
omgness     just walked by the culinary kitchen     i finally fell in love     with their aroma of goodness    
yes! bears went down!!
im so amazed that psych will never stop to amuse me     lol    
there is something missing     something     deep     
"artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up "
im so in the mood for a movie marathon    
today i start my new job     wish me luck    
"let me think     ca ra free rooming, ca ra free rooming     not a very hard choice here    "
ive come to find that everyone has a photographic memory     some just don't have film     lol    
"you know wut     we know the speed of light, so what's the speed of dark?    "
im not lazy     its called not having motivational interest    
"i wonder     if you dug a hole through the center of the earth,and jumped in, would you stay at the center because of gravity?    "
"what you call dog with no legs?  guess what  doesn't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come  "
this was an interesting q that came to mind  why is it that doctors call what they do practice?  
ill never look at facebook the same way again after seeing the social network      
i have been searching for love and acceptance in all the wrong places; no greater love and acceptance can be found anywhere then the love god gives me    
"i am not skilled to understand; what god has willed, what god has planned; i only know at his right hand, stands one who is my savior    "
i love bubbles so i was wondering  if you blew a bubble in space would it pop?  
"lord give me love when hatered is found, rest when i'm restless and weary bound; lord make me humble, pure, and true; lips of worship and and a heart renew   "
we suffer because we r in sin and when we sin we suffer    
"this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin van-guarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition!"
the chicago library has completely blown my mind!
omgness! on the bottom of the forever 21 bags is the verse <propfirst> 3:16  how amazing is that?!
im finding that giving up doesn't always mean i'm weak; sometimes it means that i i'm strong enough to let go      
after watching leap year i refuse to get engaged by any simple means      
an artist's work is a way of showing the outside world the artist's true inside world      
there is something relaxing about laying with a cat listening to them purr      
uglies series is being made into a movie! yay! my favorite book!
they so mention frodo and the lord of the rings in my psych book! sweet! and they have bible verses! yay!
far from what i once was but not yet where i want to be    
how in the world did i forget about st  patricks day!!! aagghh school ur killing me!!
"my new photo project subjects: magic, suicide, and blondes     yay me     -- --"
god i need you to take control because im struggling to give you control    
"my love is there in the times you doubt me, the times you've broken, the times you hate me, and when your heart breaks, the times that you feel like you've fallen from grace, the times you're hurting, in times of confusion, chaos and pain, im there in your sorrow and your shame, im there in the storm, i dont care where you've fallen, where you have been, i'll never forsake you, my love never ends, it never ends    "
staples you have tooken my heart and blown my mind      
if the lord want you filled up with smoke he would've set you on fire    
i keep hitting the escape key but nothings happening      
i'm very pleased with my photography final and so was the class!
"<propfemale>, your steps are established by me  i delight in your way  even though you may stumble, you will not fall, for i am the one who holds your hand  -- psalms 37:23-24"
finally arrived back home in little old mentone      
im so enjoying not doing anything for once      
even through spring break i am woken to the fearful reality of this world   
alien vs  ninja     who will come out victorious?    
kitchen beware     i have arrived!    
i may not know where my path leads but i know at the end gods waiting with open arms    
daffodils in chicago     *sigh*     chicago after my heart    
