6156f87bfb0fe107bc91574f8691baca
is thrilled to be on facebook!
is grateful she already turned in history day 
can't wait to get out of school  only 4 more months     
can't believe how cold it has been  i'm ready for spring 
so many tests     
"finish the sentence: i think i'm the coolest person in the world because      (be honest, we're all cool)"
gatta get up early to go to church 2morrow  fun 
went ice skating today  fun!
doesn't want to wake up early tuesday
will never become a vegetarian  (go bacon!)
"space shuttle for sale, diamonds on neptune, anyone up for a road trip?"
hates chores  can't the house just stay clean?
back at school  no more 3 day weekends for us 
wonders if its possible for 1 day to feel like a year
does not like snow  brrrrrrr!
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is very bored 
can't believe the amount of snow we're getting 
finds it hard to believe in global warming when we get 15 inches of snow
can't believe how much time she spent shoveling snow  at least there's no school tomorrow!
when will the snow melt?
hates shoveling snow 
really hopes that we still have spring break after this 
yet another day off  i'm going to go crazy if i have to stay inside all day
11 day weekend! i'm sure that's a record 
misses the time that i could go outside without wearing a coat 
only 20 days till my birthday   (not that i'm counting smile )
only 1 more day until we go back to school *sigh*
don't you love it when the school gives you delays for a whole week?
finally finished language arts homework 
movies make life seem much more exciting than it actually is 
it's such a relief to get the north point interviews over with 
pancakes or waffles?
finds it hard to believe that in less than a week she will be fourteen *gasp*
loves girls scout cookies 
really needs a three day weekend
only one day until my birthday!!!!!!!!!
is now 14!!!!!!
"had an awesome birthday full of the 3 most important things in life: great family, rockin' friends and blueberry pie "
mattawomen got a 1 at festival!!
msa tomorrow    
really does not like the msa 
will never become an author  ever 
 smile 
had a blast at medieval times  go blue knight!
had an awesome day 
happy friday!
1 week till spring break!!!
1 more day until spring break!!!! smile 
i got into north point!!!!!!
can't believe that it's raining during spring break 
got to help bake with grandma today 
can't believe that it's already friday
<propfemale> easter!
went to the dentist yesterday and came out with a numb mouth  that was not fun   sad 
gets to go to panera's for dinner  yum!
is watching <propfemale> trek w  dad and nico 
will be at home alone with her brothers til tuesday  what to do    
i love it when i have no homework smile 
got straight a's!
tried to teach her dad to play flute  let's just say i will never try that again 
can't believe that we still have some girl scout cookies   surprise 
"has to read act 1, scene i of a midsummer night's dream in 2 days!"
this has been the longest week ever!
no more msa!!!!!!!!!!
family night at the book fair at mattawomen    anyone going?
had a very interesting day
has nothing to do 
state festival tomorrow! wish us luck!
the awards ceremony for 8th grade is tomorrow  the only good thing is getting out of class   smile 
"what to do, what to do    "
five weeks left until summer break!!!!!!!!!!!!
confirmation tonight!
is really bored 
"i wish that teachers would tell us about important things like, i don't know   the quarterlies, for example?"
had an ok day  smile 
voy a tengo <propfemale> primo o <propfemale>a prima nueva en noviembre 
you have to check this out!http annoyed  www ratemyteachers com mattawoman-middle-school 47558-s
nachos!!!!
is going camping this weekend  see you on tuesday!
"only 2 weeks til school ends, only 2 weeks til school ends      "
<propmale>'s dominion tomorrow w band!  smile 
had an awesome time at <propmale>'s dominion!
went to see <propmale> of persia today  it was great!
"just finished typing up a \missing scene\"" for language arts  i wonder if it was this hard for shakespeare   """
only 3 more days of school       
"went to \promotion practice\"" today       ugh"""
"is gonna miss everyone  sad       but hey, that's what facebook is for  smile "
needs to buy a father's day present  any ideas? (that are not mugs or ties)
"if you all could pray for my abuelo, it would be appreciated "
has no idea what she's doing this summer after camp
"mmmmm, ice cream   smile "
finally saw toy story 3  it is so cool  i still think the 2nd one is better 
i wonder when report cards come out  it's been 1 + 1 2 weeks already!
why is the movie called karate kid when he's actually learning kung fu?
is going to the folklife festival w  dad
is gonna be at camp  see you all next week!
had an awesome time at camp!!!!!
how long does it take sharpie to get off hands?
why are the books we are forced to read the worst books ever?
got third place in mini golf  not my best work   
finally started working on her silver award project 
why is it that i can never remember my dreams?
 sad 
going to new mexico later!
is having an awesome time w  family!!!!!
had an awesome time at sitting bull falls!!!!
"if they had sopaipillas in <propfemale>, i wouuld be a happy person "
finally saw the vampires suck trailer  maybe this girl will be a better actress than <propfemale> <propmale> 
"would like to have a say in family activities, for once (hint,hint) "
happy friday the 13th!
really wants a dog 
"i think splinters (or, specifically, the removal of them) are a form of torture =["
"i hate it when i have an awesome fb post in my head, and as soon as i log on, i forget it!"
going to a sleepover tomorrow! wohoo!  smile 
"went roller skating last night,  and i only fell twice!(and it didn't hurt that much either)"
why are people questioning muslims' constitutional rights to practice their religion?
"went to freshman orientation  my class schedule is actually ok, except for the class i have  on the second floor that took me forever to get to "
one lonely piece of pizza     
"i'm not sure i'm ready to go back to school  but, of course, i have no choice "
is not sure if she likes the one-hour lunch thing yet 
"it's funny how my spanish syllabus gets passed around to all the adults at the dinner table, and its still not signed "
no homework!!!!!!!!
is being dragged to goshen this weekend for family camp 
hershey park this weekend!!!!!
had the best day at hershey park yesterday 
nothing new 
"happy birthday, mom! say hi to jesus for me!"
"laser tag was so much fun!!!!!! <propfemale>, you are a genius!"
"did you know that the <propmale> trapp family actually had ten children, not seven, like in the sound of music?"
played the best game of apples to apples ever!
happy fall!
i would be happy about friday if it weren't for all the homework 
when life gives you lemons     throw them back and demand chocolate  smile 
not to offend any aggies     but you have a weird song 
got new glasses today!
the things i do for girl scouts     
i really don't see why people like the titanic(the movie) so much 
"i was thinking     we have tornado drills, bus evacuations, and fire drills, but what will happen if zombies come? we'll be totally unprepared!"
going camping with her girl scout troop this weekend!
meat is murder  tasty murder  smile 
how do you win at pacman?
"<propfirst> county: where eagles fly, and dreams become reality  yeah, right "
character day is now my one of my favorite days of the year!
feliz <propfemale> de los muertos!
can only hope that the people voted into office are at least sane 
really wants a late arrival tomorrow 
is tweety a boy or a girl?
wants to know why there aren't any thanksgiving songs 
"megamind was awesome!\a warning to all bieber haters: he's coming out with a movie "
we have school every day this week       sad 
going to harper's ferry tomorrow!
"hello, my name is inigo montoya, you killed my father  prepare to die!"
i don't suffer from insanity  i enjoy every minute of it   smile 
wants to sleep   
new lights for the christmas tree!
"so apparently the bendy straws at our house are being saved for something, which means i can't have one to drink my <propfemale> mist with   sad "
what would someone do with ten lords-a-leaping?
i finally finished science fair!  wahooooo!!!!!!
"has now seen narnia, tangled, and tron!"
winter break!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
on the third day of christmas    
it's too <propfemale> here!!!!!!
imagine whirled peas!
so who's going to school on the 11th? (besides me)
2 hour early out! wahoo!
this new zodiac confuses me! am i a pisces or an aquarius?
i finally found out what the name of the little blue dude with hoops and yoyo is!
wow  i was e playful ecting to go to school today 
i have no homework and i'm done with science fair!
big word: defenestration- the act of throwing someone out a window  i love this word! (and would also like to defenestrate her science fair project )
so one of the adults suggests we use our cookie money to visit the town where the founder of the girl scouts lived  and the girls in my troop are excited about seeing the first chick-fil-a!   smile 
really hopes we have a spring break 
like my new profile picture?
is watching happy feet!
the stupid printer won't print!!!!!
yay for egypt!
it's that time of year again! course selection time!
just lost the game 
"girl scout cookie season!!!!!\(by the way, they're $4 a box now)"
buzz lightyear <propmale> rescate!
"i feel so special! thanks, everyone!"
cheesecake and doughnuts for breakfast! (isn't it nutritious?)
i really hope we'll be able to install itunes soon 
awww     i missed pi day!
"ahh, the joy of getting a package  even when you know what's in it   smile "
just watched the incredibles on disney channel  what powers doesn't jack-jack have?
