de13c088a356aab241d0567b55a81069
hell yes 2010 is here!
can get soccer tickets in phx july 12 for $65 ea  they are like $300 regular really good seats so if you like soccer get at me! its a gold cup game
ufc 100 - one of best ufcs
is updating his facebook status
"everybody needs to go see snoop dogg tonight and watch my boy <propmale> get down and dirty on those decks, good luck bro!"
daydreamn
"i need to know some easy upper divs, anyone?"
pho anyone?
pop ya cork
achoooo!
thank you for the headache cheap vodka!
tt
kinda feels like topping off the summer with inglorius bastards  anyone?
el con 10:10 be there or square
fuck whitey  nuff said
"first deal today, $300 richer"
glad he got back from class before it started pouring
what was that ou? well lets go arizonaaa
anyone got extra slipmats headphones?
soundtrack 2 my life
i'm real as they come ya dont know why-im fly y y y
nicka nicka nicka <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
"is that fine wine, but i guess to some bitches that colt  45 goes better with the drugs, the upper class people will enjoy that statement with thier cheese!"
haters shake my hand but i keep the sanitizer on deck
"my problems are solved, pell <propmale> just came in  smile "
wtffffffffffffffffff
schmutz!
has $15 presales for lmfao concert oct 23rd  get em from me cheap while they last
mouse hunt
<propfirst> 1 mouse 0
"thurs night sports on congress! $2 drinks, no cover, and funky grooves brought to you by <propmale> romea"
"flash that buttery gold, jittery zietgeist"
showtime
"cheers to the lucky fucker that found my $50 at the lmfao concert, and two shirts "
"needs a new roomate this monday to live in the palace, holler"
dismissin i'm on a mission of just hittin now its written and kitten hittin with mittens i'm missin wishin man listen i glisten like sun and water while fishin
"i have a fever, and the only cure is pho"
stoked for pacquaio fight tomorrow!
damn flu finally cought up to me
hapaappaaaay thankssssgivviiiinnnnnn !
gg aswho??
"some one snagged my phone, brin git baaaack"
found it
hittin the books
hoppin on this questions about ppl train
regulator
eagles giants 6:20  wsg anyone?
stiiiiil got a lapdance at zen
is an edumacated man
<propfemale> xmas everyone!
"in process of moving, car full  hop in, doesn't start  fuck you 2009"
pregaming at la cholla and river and then <propfemale> to kiss this garbage ass year goodbye! come out and lets celebrate! cheers to a new year and a new decade
happy 1 1 11 errrbody
eagles > cowboys
sunday funday
bout to bring it to ya live
gymbo slice
"wsg tonight, anyone?"
ooook why did facebook change layouts again
who wants to go on a road trip with me to panda e playful ress in casa grande to pick up a jacket i forgot there
"everybody go rent netflix download wrong turn at tahoe, badass gangster flick"
is anyone going to the phoenix open?
ughhhhhhhh
anyone going to sts9 tonight?
off to the '<propfirst>
successful weekend
"they say an irishman is never drunk as long as he can hold onto one blade of grass to keep from falling off the face of the earth  tonight i will be browsing 4th ave and downtown in search of a blade of grass in this desert city of tucson, come on out and help me! happy st pattys everyone!"
earthquakes on easter! woohooo
<propfemale> pass anyone?
murs @ congress!!???? hell muhfukn yes
"pretty lights 20th, murs 21st  gonna be a good next week"
pretty lights tonight whos goin?
"attn casting females ages 18-25: this is for a local series  (tucson) character is a female who is high maintenance superficial  knows how to get a man's attention  somewhat typical blonde posh type  (though you don't need to be blonde)  must be available today to audition, and have openings tihs weekend!"
bout to start shootin!
does anybody have good lights for filming?
need extras for a party scene tomorrow  you just gotta be quiet then we can actually start partying  la canada river holler at your boy <propfirst>
"party tonight, we need extras, la canada river party tomorrow night, for breast cancer, sick music, cheap drinks come out ya'll better be ready to rage"
new tracks on the upload
newegg discount codes   okgo:
anyone wanna roll up to phx for 18 hours?
"happy mothers day to all you foxy mommacitaliciousnesses mothers out there\ wink  growwwl"
can i kick it?
ffffinally finished finals!
2 bitter hitters  vaud squad
one of you gals left your pocketbook on set
tuned up!
everyone come on out to sports on congress tonight to watch jessmar put down some beats  - and can someone tell me how you tag peoples names in your status update thing?
"our cab driver goes the wrong way down a 1 way street, and blows multiple red lights  gotta love tucson!"
"who can hookitup with a copy of  playful  pro or windows 7, i dont have enough space to dl it "
frayin all the ends   du do do
whoooos up for the river tomorrow?
flyers finally won a <propmale> cup final game after 20 something years  3 more to go cmon snowball effect
who has speakers + decks and mixer i can use tomorrow in the morning?
"i've got a new phone, so text me your number because its really easy for me to add your contact info that way  toodles"
"thanks for the b-day wishes everyone, really put a shine on my day  after some negative events occuring and getting a flat on the way up to phx, i will be stayin in town  not sure what i am doing yet but hit me up later and lets figure something out!"
does anyone know how to use final cut pro pretty well? i seriuosly need your help
"rest in peace <propmale> <propmale>  you were an honest and good man  honestly dude you were one of the best judge of character i know  i do regret that i didn't keep in touch with you in the past year and let our friendship grow distant  my heart goes out to those that were close to <propmale>, his friends and his family "
"congrats az with your sb1070, obama is now going to <propfemale> the fuck out of you"
"passed out on the overpass, sunday best and broken glass"
pop in a movie and chiiiiiiiillllll
just my luck  
needs to record some got damn analog
who wants to take me to guitar center?
upward over the mountain
"had a productive ass day  volunteered in a mobile clinic on the southside all morning, hit the casino for an hour, then right to work  time to crack open a cold one"
"is liking peoples quotes today, so post one"
"the best, or at least one of the best movies i've ever seen = inception"
fashion show at <propfemale> tonight holler for vip
anyone selling a t-mobile phone?
whoooooos up on the north and down for congress tonight?
"<propfemale> days of rain, love it"
"last night was possibly the best night tucsons had for music in quite some time, big ups to r'mani deejay <propmale> lagarda mntle musik dj hart <propmale> romea jessmar romea"
"wth kinda hormones are they puttin in these kids frosted flakes these days? some 14 year old told me i had a nice bracelet then had her friend ask me for my number and then even tried to hustle me and said it would be a confidence booster at starbucks wtf! how confident do you need to be at that age? i mean shit, i didnt start pulling 24 year old ladies until i was at least 14 and a half    kekekeke"
who wants to hit la fitnastay?
phuket
day 3 with a 360:  my life's over i hope you all have had your fill of me over the years because i am crawling into an unreachable hole called netflix and resident evil 5 for the next millenia 
"thank you espn for cutting\ out my arizona game"
on that 11-10 tip
"when the dj played benni benassi i was like ooowh muyh gawsh i love this thsong, yur the best dj evaarrrr, do yew like, ah, play at raves-th and sthuff?"
who wants to go see <propfirst> tosh tonight? got 4 extra tickets  $50ea
<propfirst> tosh is a g enius
"\if i ever own a club im going to put a trap door under the dj booth\"" - @jessmar romea"""
"everybody needs to come on out to the \ pink mafia fashion show and party @ <propfemale>!"
after party
"decided it would be a fantastic idea to chug 2 sugarfree redbulls after congress last night because they weren't selling alcohol, impulse buy  fml"
the time has come for colds and overcoats
im bout to throw a java fit
who's up for some kickin it hard northside tonight? fox n hound style
"desert <propfemale>, i love how you treat me so fairly on tuesdays  laugh "
if you love dubstep you would love level right now
just shook dieselboys hand
dude   really?
"does anyone have a fucking midi with at least 49 keyus, i really need to record something right now right now"
"so to those with smart phones, please msg me with kik, it works really fast for me"
epic
happy thanksgiving everyone stuff your faces
peace out tucson!
am i friends with any travel agents?
$15? y'all better go see <propfirst> epps
formal 6 course meals and open bars are the shit     !
wtfff f#$@ you lamba lexicon! why are you not working!
lesean mccoy beastin on <propfirst>
"voice mail has a password all of a sudden, cool, thanks for the inconvenience t mobile!"
pullin that 8-10
tron any good?
"college education: $thousands cab ride to casino + tip : $30, gettin to casino and realizing they only have slot machines: pissed off that no one warned you abo"
about oklahoma casinos
<propfemale> christmas to all egg nog til ya fall!
"wtf fb users  aside from the dude, tron was dissapointing "
e a g l e s
so theres snow in tucson but ive yet to see pictures  i thought most phones came equipped with cameras these days   
f u microsoft and your shittty console making skills!
missing my keys 
i heard about a tragedy in tucson this morning and am deeply sorry for the families involved  lemme know your alright tucson peeps
wtfff akers
studio monitors = glasses for your ears  wow
"the piano and drum solo off is amagzins\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nvsulud0vs0"
i will be in la 2 8-2 13  where my la peeps at?
font you gate it when t9 is off by one letter
year of the wabbit
no mo fo loco
west bound and dowwnn
octave 1 just threw down an old school acid techno track by lil <propfirst> but all analog waaat
"farewell 70 degrees, sunshine and breeze, how i will miss thee"
"so fb chat is not a relieable way to get a hold of me, i just got to a computer and had about 30 conversations open and didnt recieve one msg on my phone!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5xq5tgry7g4&feature=feedrec_grec_index
white out wipe em out arizona
anyone got remedies for food poisoning ugggg
everyone best check out <propmale> and jessmar airing over germany on cuebase fm shadowstep radio
new radiohead  get it  whoooww 
isn't it funny how small trashcans get full quickly but remain full for months
