e20c0099bb6d6112ceb2baef582c5360
just went paintballing for the first time   i have a lot of welts    and two really good blood ring ones too  smile 
every hour of helping clean and set my brother's wedding up is another inch toward eloping when i finally get hitched   
people complain about out government    but thats just because they dont know how to use it!!!  free healthcare and money to buy food!  what a life haha
hmm    im tired     i think i will go to town early today     thank god for bible studies!!
watches as his brother drives away for the last time as a single man   congratz man    tomorrow you will get an achievement i wont have for quite some time  smile 
weddings truly drain the life force from me    im trying    i really am   
getting sucker punched emotionally sucks!
cant sleep 
is freaking out    just a little bit 
feels like crap    mentally 
"i woke up this morning to the sound of my little nephew, butt naked, peeing on my floor    sigh"
fml
weird dream last night    so weird   
"for the first time in a long time, words don't flow from me     sit down and cry for my heart just fell down and died   "
food turns to ash in my mouth    ack!  im so hungry but food is so disgusting!!!
"is still here    sort of   if you need to contact me, try my email   beautifulwalker@ymail com   thanks"
words still arent flowing    so i am waiting   
i need a pensive   i think that would solve all my problems 
so    strange thoughts running amok again     time for some heavy duty smoke in the hive (if you know what i mean)
guess who goes to bed at 8 o clock now     yeah    that would be me 
"guess who is hitting the bar tonight?  yep, that would be me "
had an amazing time last night   the best part?  spending time with a friend   thanks <propfemale>!
emmi is back with nate    that makes me sad  sad   i guess i sleep alone again tonight     (emmi is my brothers dog)
gah!!!!!!!  my dad wants to watch monday night football and i have waited all year to watch the season premier of castle!!!! *e playful litives*
goodnight world 
"*gears in my brain are slowly grinding once again   <propmale> and rough, but maybe ill write again *"
may have just made a mistake    and now feels like throwing up    a lot   
"holding on to threads, praying for an outcome, any outcome will do, but we were never meant to <propfemale> in between   "
someday
"i got kicked out   my choice, but the result is the same     its me against the winter cold   bring it on baby   "
just got kicked out of the first laundromat    good thing there is more than one  smile 
just subbmited an application to travel the united states and get paid for it    hoping to get the job 
omgomgomg!!!  black friday!!!!  yayayayayaya!!!!!!
got jeeves?  i do  smile 
going to see avatar tonight   hope it is visually as exciting as my dreams!  haha
is probably the only person in the world that doesnt like christmas    sigh
getting a job on a cruise ship!  woot woot!
"not only am i getting a job on a cruise ship, i will get to actually sit and write a book that i will publish someday   life is looking up "
nvm
haha
going down to get food and then study time for two hours   hooya   annoyed 
im not lazy    im just resting for my thirties   i have a lot planned  (pretty much the best line ever)
"living humbly is not thinking less of yourself, but rather, thinking of yourself less "
lostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlostlost!!!!!!!!!!!
you know how i stop myself from doing something i might regret?  i buy myself a new video game!  guess what!  i got a new video game today  smile 
just ordered his new tv!  wootberries!!!
i like 10-3 work shifts    except the part where i have to get up at 9 am    boo    4pm is when all the cool kids get up  smile 
tv comes tomorrow!!!
hmm    that is a really sharp knife   
just got my new tv!!!!  wootberries!!!!
remodling my bathroom sucks!
friend:  <propmale>!  you should be dead! me:  i should be a lot of things   
would you do that to another person if it took them one step closer to narcicism?
the soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone 
hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable 
i just managed to get myself a job for the us census    and they decided to make me the team leader    yay for better pay!
omgomg!  stana katic is in <propfirst> bond   haha    you keep getting better and better my dear  smile 
dancing with tears in my eyes   
"im dancing, with tears in my eyes    im fighting to get through the night   "
i love sleep   my life has a tendency to fall apart when i'm awake 
"you know when you are lonely when you get the best news in the world, and have no one to share it with "
"the cross around my neck doesnt prevent me from doing wrong, instead, the wrong i do, i cant forget   "
imogen heap
ffxiii and then bed   
is determined to have another kick ass day teaching enumerators  smile 
babe    oh babe    if only you could see me now   
finally got a new cell phone    (715) 401 0750   put me in your contacts and text me your name and number   thanks  smile 
is happy that i got to talk to <propfemale> pretty much all day   super fun    smile 
im going to get a guard monkey and call him furious <propfirst>   smile 
"from the moment i woke up this morning, i had a great day   smile "
looking at some old pictures of myself makes me realize that i truly was a dweeb    smile   immd
bleeding from my forehead    ow    i fell down the stairs    and for those of you that know why i'm usually a klutz    yeah    it's the same reason this time   annoyed 
time for bed    enough chaos for one night 
haha! i finally managed to download a bible onto my phone   smile 
its really nice when i look in my wallet and realize that i dont even have enough money to fill up my gas tank    and then look in my bank account and find $500 dollars magically placed in my bank account   *shrugs*  i guess i did something right 
just got up    my alarm clock sounded a lot like my mother this morning    and went off about two hours before i set it     sad 
"i just walked back to my car in the parking lot and found myself thinking, 'wow    i did an amazing job parking   i should get a job parking <propmale> peoples cars   '  then i realized that that job would suck  haha"
i swear that potato oles are made with crack cocaine because i am addicted!   (yum  laugh  )
i have an idea     just have to get the timing down perfectly    haha
i don't want to be normal    it's not good enough for me    i want to be different    i want to be the guy you feel safe with   i want to be the one that won't hurt you    i want to be exceptional   
ok    it either needs to be warm    or warm with tons of snow     not this cold crap   annoyed 
car is in the fix it shop    and i am stuck at home     someone please save me!!
change of plans   
all my friends have put me on hold    aww    sad day     (little do they know that i have ice cream  laugh   )
someone quick stop me!  i am thinking about getting a tan!!!
yes!!!  census work finally came in today!!!!
i need a dog   walking by myself gets kinda lonely   sad 
hymns of <propfemale>    pretty good    hymn like lyrics put to a heavy beat 
"thinks i am going to go to town and get some ingrediants and make myself a really fancy meal    yes, i can cook "
watching shrek 2   funny movie   smile 
"meeting tomorrow morning   ugh    then a day full of census work   well, at least the pay will be good   smile "
"if i asked you to dance, would you?"
"going for a run in hodag park    ill have my phone but if you call or text, i probably wont answer   maybe tomorrow will be better again "
i thought about life today   made me realize that i am a long way from where i want to be 
all i needed to know is that i wasnt a mistake   
ok    heres the deal   i have been looking at trials all wrong    trials are like tests    i love tests   so pretty much ive got this in the bag   (guess what    todays another day of testing   smile   )
church today was pretty    incredible   kinda mad i had to miss the end of it to make it to work on time   oh well   still testing strong 
he will use your strengths against you   and he did just that today   i guess getting attacked by satan means im going somewhat in the right direction   still along way to go through the desert    and i am no camel   
i guess only god's love lasts forever   
just got recruited for choir   i guess that means foursquare will be my home church for a while   haha
just got recruited for choir  i guess that means foursquare will be my home church for a while  haha  kind of feel sorry for them  smile 
oh crud    anyway to retract an e-filed tax form?
another early morning meeting tomorrow    oh well 
ultimate frisbee in rhinelander!  all are welcome!  please send me a message if you would be interested 
"catch 22    i tell my parents the truth and a lot of people get hurt, or i just ignore it and keep a lot of people a lot happier   secrets are such a pain to <propfemale>   "
i wish i could sometimes be a real error 404   
meeting one is done   time for lunch!
haha!  so there is an add on the side of my facebook that asks me to take a poll    the question?  'worst place time to get your period'  did i miss something facebook didnt?  haha
dont wake me up to yell at me   it does not bode well for your safety dad 
"work may be the best part of my day   (well, lunch will be)"
hmm   pathetic
pretty much best birthday    ever   smile 
"wierd dream    i had a dream that i was driving a red sports car with an unnamed female beside me   my parents were in front of me, but something terrible was going to happen if they got there first, so i gunned the engine on a hill, and flew over their car    the best part was, everyone thought it was a normal way to drive   haha!!"
"i suppose it's ok to tell you my birthday wish    i wished you had a great day today   (yes, i'm talking to you   smile   )"
why am i still awake?
"im broken   (this is most certainly a pick up line that every girl wants to hear, because all they want to do is fix us men   isnt that how it works?   wink   )"
it seems your problems don't all of a sudden get better when you turn 22    dang    was kind of counting on it     playful 
"i love this part     a dance of strategy    one wrong step and not only do i lose friends, but i drive them apart as well   its a good thing ive danced this dance before   smile "
why do i love cashews so much?  because they are so loveable!
i have grown to enjoy my non existent love quadrangle   smile 
feel like a monster   
s l e e p 
ultimate tonight will be around 60 degrees    so bring a sweatshirt!!
pizza pie with t  skin!  then some ultimate with a lot of others!  great afternoon evening!
prefection isn't just doing something perfectly     but doing it at the perfect time as well 
is going to wait for <propfemale> wars of the old republic   not sure how its going to be compared to wow but it is still over a year away    smile 
is going to see a military recruiter 
"well, testing on thursday friday and provided i pass, i will be in the navy   oh the tangled web   "
"well, i guess i get to workout with the navy recruiters and some special ops leaders    now they get to see how pathetic i am    joyous   "
is going down to milwaukee for some navy testing today through tomorrow   good god how i love tests   will make for a great preweekend!
wootberries!!! i passed the first test!  lets see if i can get through medical as well tomorrow   smile 
been up for over an hour    getting pumped to pass medical 
the wheel of my car almost fell off   the lug nuts snapped off    that was quite an e playful erience  haha
"why is it that the thing you <propfemale> most, is the one thing that consistantly eludes you?  i dont ask for much   "
wondering what i should do tonight   hmm   
wishing the next twenty years to fly by   
just got sworn into the military   wootberries!!
just got done battling monsters in epic battles!  we shouldnt have survived    but we destroyed our enemies and will live to fight again next week    smile 
"taking one last test to get into the nuke program   if i can pass this beast, its all downhill from here "
this monster i can no longer hide    just clawed it's way out from inside   
the <propmale> of detection   great book so far 
"people dont seem to realize how much of an advantage i am to them as a friend   haha   well, when your world falls apart, dont e playful ect me to come rushing to your side to make it all better   i have a few friends that i would die for, but that list is quickly dwindling    "
"as the flames envelop my being, the last thing you will see is the twinkle in my eye   then all will be still and silent as the cold slowly settles on your soul   "
"best thing to say to a transvestite    'body parts aren't like pokemon, you can't collect them all '  smile "
"i see without seeming to see, and watch even when i am looking away   "
i've been in bed all morning and just found a tick that had just recently buried it's head in my side     this is bad news for it seems ticks are willing to leave the tall grass in search of blood   
"saw so many skanks at work today    made me laugh when their cleavage was as red and shiny as a new fire truck   smile   serves them right!  haha   (hopeing for some second degree blisters    and yes, if you have sunburrned cleavage and are telling god 'you must hate me!', he is nodding ans snickering to himself   haha  aka stop being a skank!!!)"
"somehow, all i needed was knowledge of evil to show me the path my life should take, but that knowledge will be my undoing "
"i had a great time last night   a sword fighting, arrow shotting, super smash bro's brawling, eating, drinking, wow carding, ghosts in the graveyarding, capture the flagging, bubble bobbling, snacking, life story sharing kind of great evening   smile "
"wants an escape   from what you ask?  from all the strange thoughts that plague my mind   i realize that people like me for them, but a break would be welcome   "
somewhere along the line i lost something   ive become bitter for losing it 
"likes the idea of being a hero    however, the mastermind villian that knows when to smile for the camera is so much more my style "
my heart screams for you god   where are your hands of healing?  why can't the tears that fall from my face reduce the number that fall from my friends   why can't my soul surround them in caring?  why am i broken?
watch change   une playful ected consequences   this is a bad idea   i continue to pray   divine intervention needed   i've said what i can   spoken to deaf ears   discouraged   will to fight dwindling   new resolve tomorrow   i hope 
"so    this will be interesting   fun, but who is paying the price?"
well    umm    emotional overload     what just happened?
i wonder what is going to happen now?
"the halo warthog    you shoot, and ill crash into things    smile "
so    im nervous today   havent felt that feeling in a while   haha   oh well 
i had a wonderful night 
"somewhere, a long time ago, a little bird whispered your name into my ear   for a long time, i had forgoten your name, but now, i cant seem to forget    smile "
i am happy today 
"somewhere in the stars, i have lost pain    somewhere in the water, i have lost all regret, and somewhere on the beach, i have lost all control      smile "
"once a criminal, always a criminal    love "
"i fail to see how relationships fall apart if both parties are willing to talk through their problems   guys!  open your mouths and say you are sorry!  girls, shut your mouths so the guy has a <propmale> to say he's sorry!  it's not that hard!!"
"when life hands you lemons, get yourself a dose of nuclear power and blow those beasts sky high    or just disintegrate them   > smile "
they say it's impossible   they say that it can't work   they say that only pain will be the outcome     i say you don't know my god 
i am completely amazed 
"every so often, i come across a verse in the bible that really puts me to shame   <propmale> 2:6-8 really tells me that i am a long ways away from where god wants me to be   my goal this week is to draw closer to him   the first step of my 4 month plan "
"i need a coach  fitness partner   sit ups, push ups, and running!  cmon guys!  let me know if you are interested "
"i almost broke today   i know its only been 4 days, but man    its been a brutal 4 days   3 more days   "
just wants to take a pillow and smash other people with pillows   im ready to e playful lode  haha
baling hay   *flex*
21 and a half hours 
sunday is my new favorite day of the week   smile 
exhausted   
"when my feet hit the floor, an alarm goes off in hell   that's the man i strive to be "
i haven't felt this broken and weak mentally in a long time   the worst part is i can't seem to shake it   hmm   
i went for a run    chased a badger     got devoured by mosquitoes     and wept     why is today so miserable even though nothing is out of the ordinary?  why do i feel like i have no control over myself?
today is going to be level   thankful for the slight reprieve 
praying for your week bro 
"me:  i need a mailbox   tony:  what about a femalebox?  me:      yeah, i would take one of thoe too "
friends from unusual points in life are becoming known to me now   thank you everyone for your support through my interesting time in life 
"i don't know if i should hate you for hurting her, or thank you for leaving her   "
today is a good day   smile 
"if i'm the best at something, doesn't that mean that i, in theory, know what i'm talking about in that subject?  or did the rules change since i've been away?"
is so glad to have <propfirst> skinner as a friend   alarms go off in hell when you step onto the battle field my friend   and i am honored to know you before you become a legend   smile 
"god continues to show me the extremes of christianity   it makes realize that law without love creates rebelion and love without law creates chaos   so in the end, it's a balance that will win people over to god "
just lost power 
sticks and stones may break my bones    but pine needles and dirt act as incriminating evidence    wink 
risk  everything 
and so the dance begins     annoyed 
the y has a challenge going to do an ironman streched over the month of sept     i am going to participate    but my goal is to do it in half the time   wish me luck!   smile 
really good workout at the y today    wink   i am beginning to believe that i will be able to do the run for the navy!  yay!
"so i'm cleaning the bathroom and a guy walks in and straight away washes his hands   he then dries them off, walks over to the urinal, relieves himself and walks out the door   really?  time to disinfect the door handle again     troubled "
nier    i don't think i will ever understand what you are about 
"when i work out in the gym, other girls may watch and compliment me, but they don't realize i am working out so hard to impress only you   "
im sick today   i have no energy and i feel like curling up into a little ball and going back to sleep    sad 
we are all invited to a dinner and we each bring an entree   i choose to bring happiness while others choose to bring hate   what are you bringing to the table?
my dad asked me what kind of debaucherous parties i was going to have while they are gone   haha   this is one reason i dread having kids   i could never leave the house!!!  haha  wink 
parents are gone for about two weeks   time to kick back and relax    smile 
"when i am home alone, i always sleep on the couch   i am not sure why   my bed is more comfy   "
good morning everyone    smile   *puts up a do not disturb door hanger*  please let me relax in peace   thanks!   smile 
i have to work today   that really ruins my vacation   haha   smile 
i am leaving for boot camp in 13 days 
"never thought i would ever willingly enter this store    however, given the right motivation, i would do a lot of things     haha   wink "
i finished my last day of work with tears in my eyes   it's beginning to hit me how much i will miss some people when i leave     sad 
the deer were out in force tonight   good thing my ninja skills <propfemale> over to my driving too    smile 
wow    i leave tomorrow   the plan continues 
my heart hurts like crazy tonight 
goodbye facebookers   i am going to be kicking nass and taking manes in boot camp!   smile   see you in a couple months!
dear god   help me to stay strong in my beliefs and convictions   help me to always have the energy and <propfemale> to help the hurting   help me be mindful of what i am taught and help me be respetful at all times   help me understand what i need to do and do it with confidence   help those i am leaving and help those i am meeting   please continue to overwhelm everyone with wisdom that only comes from you   
i'm now a sailor   not much more to say   besides the fact that i'm going  to be spending the day in chicago with the most wonderful person in the entire world    smile 
so what your saying is that it gets better with time     please tell me we are still talking about car insurance      wink 
at the chicago airport   reminds me of times long ago   smile   anyway    flight is at 9 am ish     get to sc around noonish and will get to have only one roomate (so much better than 80ish) and will get to unpack and lay in bed when i want to and all that fun stuff   haha    smile   (omg chairs!!!!  smile   )
skype    beautiful walker    look me up   smile 
christmas lights just dont look right on palm trees   
i    cant    sleep     ><
"just wanting to say hello to everyone out there from south <propfemale>   i've been pretty busy preparing for a lot of inspections coming up, mandatory physical training and the start of heavy school work   this will not be easy, but my life never was a walk in the park   its just the next thing   anyway!  ill catch you all later   blessings!  smile "
"ugh    done with a beastly physical training session    back into my dress uniform for some more classes on a friday!  well, at least its almost the weekend    smile "
done for the weekend!  hooya!  time for some quality time with a book and another pb&j sandwich!!
ugh    school is going to suck!  haha   smile 
hooya!  despite my procrastination    i got an elusive outstanding on my personal inspection    smile   hooya!
back to school   one day at a time     then break!!!  wootberries!!!!
lunch is over    back to class     math all afternoon!!!!  woot!!
"yay for lunch breaks    smile   well, math is tough, but i'm really beginning to enjoy my basic machinery class   precision measuring devices today!   smile   3 hours of study hall at the end of school will really be helpful for me to prepare for the math exam tomorrow!  plus the two mandatory hours of night study   haha    oh man    so much studying!   annoyed "
"i just got turned away from the school building because according to the gate guard, i need to shave today    i shaved this morning!!!  gah!!!!"
2 weeks paid vacation!  wootberries!!!   laugh 
"sailors gather around their airport gates  bodies and minds exhausted, but the joy of going home seems to keep them on their feet and pressing forward  an outsider looking in would see my face among them  i'm finally on my way home   "
going to class    ugh   haha  smile 
i miss <propfemale> kuhn 
im super sick today   pressure in my head is almost unbearable and my throat hurts when i swallow saliva   i havent even tried eating something solid yet but i just know that is going to kill    sad   i hope this day goes quickly!!!
just got back from studying     that was a long day    smile 
lunch break over    back to class!!!   smile 
hey everyone   i need to ask for your help in praying for a friend of mine   times are tough and its really deciding to turn its cruel hand at him   i dont know whats going on but i know that its hurting him  thanks
just ran a mile and a half in 10:43   i dropped over a <propfemale>ute and broke the 10 <propfemale> <propfirst>!!!   smile 
test today!  eye of the tiger ftw!
"just passed my phase up pfa   finished my math class   have passed all my tests thus far   just have the inspection tomorrow and provided i pass that, i will phase up   life is stressful but i seem to be pulling through    smile "
is slowly building an army of nuke playing wow people    i mean wow playing nuke people      haha  smile 
im tired today   that test took a lot out of me    going to get my results after lunch    oh boy     annoyed 
going in to school to do my night study watch   see you in a few hours   smile 
i iz <propfemale> tired   
"baby, you're a firework    meet me in the night sky where we can dance among the stars   "
another good test today   even better than my last test   only by  01 but still      smile   over all gpa is still on the rise  smile 
im in love   
boom   3 27 on my test    passed room inspection    passed physical readiness assessment    passed personal inspection     phase 3 baby!   laugh   civilian clothes are now authorized in the galley!  wootberries!!!
"carissa:  your life makes me so sad   \me:  ummm    thanks babe?"
im sick again today    sad   boo
im so sick   i feel like walking death 
sick sick sick sick sick     guess who is going to go to night study and be a blob!  (this guy!)   sad 
aloha
saw an alligator chilling in the sun today   pretty sweet   going to buy some supplies at the mall   ill be back later to talk to those that want to talk to me    smile 
so    umm    is it bad that ramen is cooking in my microwave and im actually super pumped and excited for it to get done so i can eat it?   laugh 
goodnight <propfemale>     *peaceful sigh*
"i have a tough test today     its going to be rough, but im going to give this my best shot    annoyed "
its so hard to get up this morning     i just want to sleep!!!!
its the weekend!!!!
im sunburned   oh joy   
doing laundry is such a joy!  folding laundry    not so much      sad 
back to school to try and figure out what my instructor was talking about today     this is going to be a bad day     sad 
ugh   i need to get more sleep at night   ugh
i have to go to school   all day   and then some   joy 
going to chow    then studying for my test tomorrow     its a good thing i have a 0015 curfew or i might be tempted to stay in the school building all night      annoyed 
throwing out my worry like liquid in a centrifugal pump    smile 
mostly satisfied with today 
"today for lunch, we had surf and turf   when i asked for my crab legs, the galley worker put the first one on my plate    then she grabbed two more    then two more    and then another one     yeah    6 giant crab legs for lunch   every one of them was at least a foot long   best lunch at the galley ever?  i think so   "
sometimes i get sad because i cant post sad things as my status anymore because i have too many close friends that would ask me whats wrong      sad 
spent 5 hours studying today   umm     today is saturday   
"<propfemale> kuhn, how did you capture my stubborn heart?  how did you break through the wall i had built around me to keep everyone out?  how did you find a way to make me fall in love when i was determined not to?  how can one person have such strong feelings about another?  how am i so lucky to have found one such as you?  blessed to the extreme   i hope you have a great day, darling "
'im in the military    i get video games before japan even makes them!'  <propfirst> <propmale>   laugh 
"going in to study     maybe ill grab chow first    nah    takes too much time   i have more pressing matters at hand     dear rickover,  i guess you get to have me for a while tonight    sad "
i love the fact that when i get up at 6 am i am already an hour and a half late   haha    smile 
good nights sleep?  check   breakfast?  check   doing well on test?  pending 
