ea086c4a7bc9a846947016cea3eab30d
i can't believe i joined this place    
"i find a strange bead, and what comes on? the little mermaid song: part of your world  laugh "
"i have officially survived orientation with only 3 hours of sleep  laugh  and you know what i got for it? a 500 pg catalog of classes, a bag, and pretty pen  laugh  the pen's my favorite  wink "
"wishing my tragedy story could be made less tragic, but that is proving itself to be close to impossible"
desperately trying to figure out that word that means you take someone else's finished product invention and try to build your own    
"wishing it would suddenly start to snow around my house, life would be so much cooler"
emptied two boxes of books down in san <propmale> to come back up to la to book more books in them     and then i forget the boxes     ;[
i can drive!     and i haven't crashed the car yet  laugh 
"might be addicted to that danged zombie application thing > > yes, actually i think i am o o"
"put together my brand new office chair  yes that's right, the e playful ensive comfy ones in nice offices and such > > and now it's mine for all and forever (forever ending when the chair breaks beyond repair)"
just finished putting my desk together took me 3 5 hours  wink 
"you know, i miss those old horror movies where the bad guy wins"
"survived comic con, and its huge o o the dealers hall must've been a mile long!!!"
"now that i have one xenomorph, i feel like i should get nine more, a predator, and a giant pyramid     and possibily avpr (finally)"
"survived another driving round in la verne, and then went shopping, and then had in-n-out (which still isn't very in-n-out-ish > >)"
and back down to sand <propmale> i go!
is obsessively watching stargate atlantis
"has finished stargate atlantis marathon  fun times  playful  now onto psych, dollhouse, and avatar  laugh      one day i'll get through all of them      wink "
i was cleaning my room     and then my computer distracted me ><
w00t! the floor is     mostly cleared     kinda
finally in pomona again!!!
suddenly wants cookie dough    
"i wanna watch an old horror movie, like a nightmare on elm street or friday the 13th     i'd settle for child's play and dolls scare me t-t"
"went driving again, and convinced mom to let me drive home wink      she was slightly freaking out  laugh "
finds child's play not so scary     but will definitely continue life as before: avoid dolls     > >
i want stargate universe to start already!!!!! d;
thinks <propmale> vs  <propfirst> was an epic battle
convinced someone i never into reading sci-fi with only a few paragraphs of my story o o
thinks repo was so awesome awesome can't describe how awesome it was
lost a contact     hope the new ones get here soon ^^;;
finally has cleaned her room to the point where nothing needless is on the floor     or at least in the middle of it > >
coolest crossover dream ever: stargate atlantis and aliens 
uploaded the first story of destruction of life of da in five parts! now for the other 6 stories  laugh 
"had random flashback to potter puppet pals:  so do i, orange one, so do i    "
"was so bored, she spent the last two hours sharpening colored pencils and sorting them by hit in a drawer    "
apparently my dream guy is a gaara cosplayer > >
"when you get out of the shower and the mirror isn't even foggy, you know it's got to be hot outside"
"went to sdsu, meet a guy named <propfirst> who helped me find all my classes, and then wondered the sdsu bookstore, discovered it had a manga section underneath the sci-fi books (nothing fancy, but it was there), and then i got my books and made my way home "
"starts college tomorrow, and doesn't know if i should be happy, or annoyed that i have to start getting up before 10 am again    "
went to college today  it was awesome  my rws (english100) teacher is british  my japanese teacher is hot  my math teacher is awesome (he requested that if we wanted to by him something we buy him scotch  laugh  )    and i got a new phone! yippee!!!!!
just changed her language on facebook to pirate  i'm never going back 
must protect <propfemale> december of 2012 to keep the world from ending  we must protect her! join us!
wishes her cool friends would text her random things 
"now owns repo! the genetic opera  that's right, be envious! be envious!"
is to lazy to do the things she needs to do
(insert interesting comment life e playful erience here)
is sad now that tsubasa reservoir chronicles is over     but is still confused > >
"should really do her japanese homework, but that involves thinking, and will therefore be put off until midnight "
"so three years after it's cancellation, they're actually going to turn the end of inuyasha into an anime  with luck, it won't run for another 7 seasons > >"
is now all alone in san <propmale> for two weeks 
3
"has to go to school, pretend to understand things in japanese, and then take a math test, then write an essay, memorize a japanese script, study for a japanese midterm, and somehow try to finish dem's gift > >  i need a tardis"
"has to finish her essay, study like made for japanese lesson 3 test and midterm, and finish dem's gift     *sigh*     at least it's a shorter list now"
rws got cancelled!!!! i now have the weekend to finish my essay  thank god for small favors!
"just bought hocus pocus, secret window, and deep blue sea  so excited x]"
had a dream about world war three being fought in wal-mart with nerf guns against zombies  it was epic 
's reaction to fma chapter 100:  surprise 
misses 12 hours of uninterrupted sleep on weekends
's amtrack ticket e playful ires in a year  isn't that strange?
now owns the new relient k cd!!!!! w00t
"was up until 2 smile 0 finishing dem's present  i went to sleep, thinking the cats would wake me up at 6 to be fed, so i set my alarm to 6  at 7:40 i woke up to a text from <propfemale>  my cats and all three of my alarms hadn't woken me up at 6  because of her text i didn't miss my bus, or miss class, and will therefore get full marks on my essay  god's been really generous with small favors lately "
waking up at 6 after going to bed at 2 smile 0 works much better if your alarm clock is your mom  i missed them  smile 
wants to go see paranormal activity
is going to see paranormal activity  wish me nightmares!
is working on elemental crystals again  one day i'll finish the book     one day 
"had a dream that i finished elemental crystals and the world began to end  my first thought complaint worry? \now i'm never going to get published    \"""""
now owns a nerf gun  i officially feel like a college student x]
has to learn katana in two days ><
elemental crystals book 1 is now over 200 pages long!!!! w00t! i is excited  now must learn katana by 12 smile 0 tomorrow > > gah
"compares phoenix rising (1st version): 28 chapters; 106 pages; 55,384 words 6 years later phoenix rising (4th and final version): 36 chapter; 209 pages; 118,743"
"japanese version of the grudge, so much better then stupid american version"
thinks that the japanese version of one missed call has one of the most bizarre endings ever written 
appreciates naps
is now officially registered for ax'10 and ala'10
"decided to put pictures of friends on da due to boredom     and due to that same boredom, i'm putting them up here  laugh "
"is sad that the greatest sequence of all time is too big to put on facebook  sad   to see it, so to my da x]"
"doesn't want to write the essay she needs to write, but has to, and therefore will "
it's friday the thirteenth!!!!!!!!!!!
just watched sgu episode: time and now i'm going to watch it again  any doubts from before of this new series have all been erased x]
"when you live in a world of make believe, reality can hit you like a bulldozer"
"annoying: when you finally get to the part of the story you've been waiting to write since you thought up the plotline, but you can't keep your eyes open to do it justice ><"
"when having a word limit in an essay, one should always type using contractions, therefore, when you've run out things to say, you correct your contractions and bam, you don't have to bs as much x]"
"self destructive: getting to the climax of the story at 1 o'clock sunday night, and knowing you have to go to sleep, but refusing to do so "
"the facebook trick - press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click  then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>  it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you! would you look at that    "
buuuuuuuuuuuuulllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh
wonders what life would be like if we evolved from turtles
doesn't have a third place d;
panic of the day: mom left the front door open and the cat got out ><
why is it that my writing the best the day before the paper is do and not when i actually wanted to get it down?
kuroshitsuji updated!!!
wonders how people would know if the sky was falling if the sky is just a bunch of gas    
is up in la verne until saturday afternoon (maybe sunday) and wants to get to see people she never sees! contact me  wink 
is writing
has an 'a' in japanese111 and has no idea how
wants the semester to be over  now 
gets all the way to school only to learn that her conferences have been cancelled and moved to wednesday >< i could have slept for two more hours!!!!!
"wrote another oneshot!  laugh  and it's depressing, how about that? > >"
"\there are mashed potatoes in my french fries!!!!!!\"""""
just learned that she has to wait until april for the second half of sgu!!!! d;
"decided to walk home instead of waiting for the bus, and got completely soaked  i have no regrets x]"
"it's so <propfemale> right now, that the rain hits my window vertically o o"
"cleaned her room  so if the world ends, you know who to blame  playful "
found out today that '<propfemale>' means 'the place covered with snow'  weird    
has japanese oral exam today  no speaking english  have to comprehend everything  didn't have time to study  soooooo screwed 
someone got shot at the liquer store by my bus stop! shooter is still loose  o o
was looking up dumb laws and discovered it is a law in <propfemale> that one must be intelligent to go to college 
been watching the addams family  gotta love that show x]
is alive
wants to be up in la so she can <propfemale> out with friends before christmas 
last final of the semester! yay!!!!
has run out of things to do now that she had nothing to procrastinate    
why are they called 'apartments' if they're so close together?
it's official: tiger has realized that if he turns on my radio i have to get up and turn it off  which would be fine     if i had to get up -_- but this is ridiculous  i don't want to wake up at 7:15 anymore!
does not miss school
is bored  bored  and a little more bored
"and lo, though i travel through the valley of the archetypes, i shall fear no evil, for i know that the author can't kill me off for at least another 150 pages, no matter how stupid or trite i become, or he ruins the book  --chuq <propmale> rospach,"
avatar = epic
"'s ipod is gone  some lucky fool with no christmas spirit now has all of relient k, switchfoot, <propfirst> chapin carpenter, repo!, and much, much more, and i want it back ;["
saw sherlock holmes  cool movie x]
"situation: i ended up needing to do a research paper in two days  so i do one, just so i can turn something in, since i only need 20 more points to get a b in the class  it was crappiest paper i have ever written on purpose, and it will probably be the only one  and i'm serious what i say this thing was complete bull shit  \question: how does said paper receive a b?"
"watched <propfemale> trek '09 again, and you know? still kickass the nth time 'round x]"
just watched a movie called 'ink' and it's probably the greatest movie not to get picked up by main stream cinema  if you have 2 hrs to kill go to hulu com and watch this movie 
"registered for classes, ordered my books, and now all i have to worry about is ala  good morning "
is a day ahead of herself
ala is tomorrow!!!!!
"has only 50 minutes to go before running off to ala! yippy!!!!! (and <propfemale>, i woke up at 7  7!!!!)"
back from ala with a big fluffy turtle named lionturtle  ish happay x] yes happay
drove down to san <propmale> and didn't die in a horrible bloody and firey death  be proud  wink 
is estactic that someone actually took interest in dol and reviews  not too many people like exist anymore     
*points* looks there's a monster in your closet!!!!!!!!
"buahahahahahaha, i have fudge x]"
watched the end of time pt 1&2 again  so sad  t_t poor tenth  rip
decided the best way to starve boredom is by writing something random and entertaining 
"took a walk in the rain, and decided the word doesn't fit as well as these: downpour without mercy   "
its midnight  it's raining  it's thundering  it's lightning   ing     and we have hail  hail  in san <propmale>    i'll never get to sleep 
*insert thoughtful thoughts here*
will be 19 in 17 days    
drove in hail     an intersting e playful rience
is turning 19 this friday
has two days until her 19th
"just walked to the kitchen, got a mug, and walked back to my bedroom without getting chocolate milk     i'm turning 19 in a few hours and my mind's already going     oh dear "
"asks you this: if i wasn't a writer, and lacked my imagination, who do you think i would be?"
it's raining!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"went clothes shopping (no, not for t-shirts, as shocking as that might sound)     actually that statement it just kinda strange for me to say isn't it  laugh "
mr  flibble is very cross 
thinks essay questions about literature should come with their own <propfemale> stone
has begun to think that the term 'english <propmale>' just means you're a part of a giant book club
now has new converse and a pair of doc martens ;}
finally figured out how to use her wireless scanner!
is it sad that i can't come up with a simple summary for the my book: phoenix rising?
wishes you all a happy pie day!
"got a haircut yesterday, and a new journal to write in  happy days  smile "
"i took pictures of my new haircut, and didn't like any of them, so you'll just have to suffer"
"an hour of thought and revision later, i have an introparagraph to my essay  why can't my thoughts arrange themselves of paper without my help?"
just saw the <propfemale> and the frog  cute movie 
just sent the first 8 chapters of phoenix rising to a literary agent  surprise 
naps are nice
why do my ipods hate me?
"has a random, but completely serious question: what would a t-rex do if it had a mosquito bite?"
was totally going to do something     and then i completely forgot
practicing procrastination continuously is tiring work 
has been home for a little over 4 hours and all the things i told myself i would do immediately when i got home     aren't done
spring break!!!!!!
"so, my day started out like this: pack for spring break, and go up to pomona at 1 smile 5  that's how it started  half an hour from home, we get a flat, and we can't call aaa because of someone forgetting her wallet  so! we change the tire and turn back around  get the wallet  go to walmart  it's 6  we spend an hour there  7 we leave  9:15 we arrive back home  1 smile 5 to 9:15  someone else do the math "
day one of spring vacation: peacefully uneventful
"another day of sweet sweet noneventfulness, and a marathon of so weird  good lazy day "
you know how i was talking about things being uneventful? yeah  scratch that 
the one i really miss about high school: your teachers couldn't e-mail you homework
earthquake!!!!!
is completely convinced that <propmale> smith can be the doctor 
"took dad to the hospital this morning at 4  everything's okay, though  love "
ponyo? adorable 
powerpoint for rws200 started at 11am  break for class from 12 smile 0 to 2:40  return to powerpoint  break from poetry reading at 5:15  get home at 7 smile 0  return to powerpoint at 8  powerpoint finally finished 11:10pm  it better be damn good 
"annoyed is when we try to go to bed at 12, end up being awake until 1 smile 0, waking up 3 because yours cats are stupid, and being awake until 3 smile 0, and then being woken up by the cats again at 6 and not being able to sleep again for more then 10 minutes at a time until 8 arrives and you have to get up -_-"
"today, it rained "
is thinking about minoring in history  comments anyone?
"the most depressing thing in the world is picking up your cup and realizing it's empty, and then doing the same thing five minutes later"
eating my mom's deliciousy amazing homemade pizza  be envious
"apparently my email account agrees with my psyche that school should have ended last week, because it's been putting all the emails from my teachers in my junk box"
"got out of a final early to enjoy lunch, only to realize that i left my wallet at home "
finally made it passed the soul society arch in bleach  now the ultimate question will i get invested in the next?
to all those who watch doctor who: <propfirst> no!!!!!!! t^t
note to all cat owners: picking up an angry cat is not the best idea in the world  why didn't i use this common sense? good question! answer: i'm an idiot  nough said
wants new music  send me something 
and torchwood gets a fourth season!!!!!! woooooooot!!!!
"and so fullmetal alchemist comes to a close, and it had a very good run x] i will miss it dearly "
"loves the \this is fiction\"" claim at the end of durarara!"""
"the writing process: 1) be inspired for a story with a complex plot that you can remember  2) \realize your idea of \complex\"" is a lightweight version of the characters' idea of \""complex\""  3) \",ea086c4a7bc9a846947016cea3eab30d,tonight i realized i lack ambition 
saw the last airbender     soooo disappointing 
"came home from ax after being awake 26 hours  crashed, and now it's 3am and i'm completely awake     ah, life, how you like to turn my world upside down "
has returned to san <propmale> 
needs a new home <propfemale>  any suggestions?
the funniest description of the last airbender: \it's an absurdist masterpiece, in which a million things happen but \ea086c4a7bc9a846947016cea3eab30d,"keeping up with the joke that facebook gets flooded with statuses screaming \earthquake\"" after an earthquake: 5 4 earthquake!!!!"""
has a sudden urge to rewrite doors 
scratch that: it's no longer an urge  doors is being rewritten 
"sheesh, the more i rewrite of doors, the more i want to rewrite alastair's and mazarine's story *sigh*"
i just realized that i don't use the right shift key for anything other than punctuation > >
now has pinball again  soooooo happy!!!
pinball is a dangerously addicting game
now has to get 8 3 million on pinball to even make it to the top 5 ><
"got 13,993,500 on pinball!!!! woooooo!!!!"
"new pinball high score: 14,241,500  now my only problem is that to get onto the top five i have to get over 10 million  > >"
going to get all 4 wisdom teeth removed at 3pm today  i'm really not looking forward to this    
wisdom teeth are out!!!! and it wasn't as horrific as people thought it would be
dude! it's friday the 13th!!!!
"you think it would be easy to have a <propmale> character, they're just like everyone else, only they have a bigger house     and then, even though it's not even really big for the story, you find out you have to draw floor plans of the mansion so you know where everything is     zalmon is turning into a trouble character  the idiot just had to make writing this story a lot more complicated     grrr    "
"long day, and but i refuse to nap, because i'm me  and naps take away my nighttime    \don't ask me why "
meh  screw being productive  i'm putting in the first movie my hand touches and zoning out  lovely zoning out time  that's what i'm taking 
it's just one of those days where you don't want to do anything where you have to think  which means no writing  which means pinball but no minesweeper  good day to read <propfemale> and clover and watch avatar  sounds like a plan *lazy thumbs up*
"some days, i wish certain chapters would just write themselves  then at least, i could be like the doctor and skip all the little days  well     if days equaled chapters and chapters wrote themselves while i was away     *continues long, spiral-like e playful lanation and runs out of word room* yeah    "
"first day of classes tomorrow  i would be excited, but i have to get up at 7 -_-"
day one: complete  now i just have to survive until december 17th 
"on the second day of school, my schedule gave to me one 9 smile 0-12:10 lab class  shot me now"
" \dear summer, \i miss you, please come back  \your friend, <propfirst>"
i'm really liking having only japanese on thursday  it's nice  really nice 
"buahahahahahahahahahaha pinball highscore: 24,273,250!!!!! take that universe!"
first friday of school: all homework completed; all study material created    lets hope this will be the case next week 
"you know you're bored when you watch the pinball demo game, and insist on arguing with the computer about how to play to the game "
"woke up late, and then my printer grows a pair and refuses to print out the friggen document i need  not a happy morning "
"five am and my cats decide that pissing off the cat out the window is a good idea  and while i get the whole territorial idea, i do prefer not to wake up to something that sounds like a high-pitch version of an angry tiger "
"i find it fascinating that even though only two individuals form a species are in my story, i'm compelled to write up the history and culture of their people anyway  interesting  i blame humon "
"after playing many a game of pinball, i've decided it's homicidal toward captains  it doesn't matter that you've almost completed your third mission as captain, it will kill you, the first <propmale> it gets  this maliciousness is hindering my efforts at promotion t-t"
today was a good day  but for some reason i can't stop yawning t-t  gonna watch toy story and aristocats tonight  smile 
home alone for a week!!!
midnight!!!!!
caught a cold  feel lousy  really tempted to ditch classes and go back to sleep 
"went to school only to find out my 10 am professor has a bad memory, and i had to cancel class  i could have slept in t_t"
i hate the common cold  why the hell hasn't humanity built up an immunity to it already?
working on a new short story  hopefully it'll be done in time !!!  smile 
"\curse you aqua scum!!!!\"" \",ea086c4a7bc9a846947016cea3eab30d,"pinball: 31,607,500 and got promoted to a commander before i kicked it  booyaa baby!"
forget burning the house down--that's so cliche--let's blow up the microwave!
"my toilet started bubbling at me and then drained itself of water     \i'm afraid     "
essay half way done so time to play for a bit!
"today we learned the japanese word for escape  as soon as seto-sensei said \escape\"" the class echoed \""eh-sca-pay\"" i  love  finding nemo"""
"i hate essays, and i probably won't be done until midnight    but when i'm done, i'm going to put finding nemo in and fall asleep  i think that's the best idea ^^"
thunder!!!!!!!
thunder is the music of my soul  love 
"soooo close to the end of identity  seriously, why can't this story write itself? i'm mentally halfway through the next book  annoyed "
"buahahahahahahaha, \identity is complete with a final <propfemale> count of 100  now to reread it tomorrow, and then begin writing the second book  \buahahahahaha"
"now has skype  don't know if i'll ever use it, but i have it    "
"should really be studying\seriously  i really should   "
????????????????????!!
life would be so much more interesting if we were all fish 
in stupid larc working on stupid script 
i hate this japanese skit
japanese skit today    pray for our survival
the word of today is smithereens  made me smile 
it's raining!
really wants to stop studying and go run out in the rain  t-t damn ????????
"wish this japanese test involved nothing more then showing up, doodling, and then going  back home "
i hate writing research proposals  i hate looking up sources that don't exist  i hate having to sit here at 1 smile 0 in the smegging morning knowing i can't do anything about it but complain 
i'm beginning to think that amazon com underestimates the us postal service 
"bizarre dream of the week: i was on a ferry (for whatever reason), and jumped off  while underwater, i was invited onto another ferry  where people continually thought i was crazy for believing i was dreaming  and then mckay (from sga) showed up to agree that i wasn't crazy, and spat out some techno babble before leaving to \deal with the problem\""  also: chex mix attacked me """
"somehow rewriting for independence turned into a full blown \world building event\""  i've never even put this much thought into the ecrystal's world > >"""
"cannot get the 11th doctor who's theme song out of my head  damn, that thing is catchy  why can't the soundtrack be out yet!?"
"excitement of the day: bomb scare at the sdsu trolley station  \fun fun fun fun fun"
"just saw <propmale> potter 7, and i can't wait for part 2  smile "
"in my dream last night there were a bunch of tornadoes and a lightning storm  then the world began to collapse in on itself, and general o'neill was debating on whether or not to nuke <propfirst>  then the asgard showed up, while i went to the movies and bribed the person at the box office with pocky  and apparently this was because someone didn't get their $200 back from two street-kids hiding in a bomb shelter "
i'm really beginning to agree with the self-assessment that i am just a little bit self destructive  just a little  maybe 
if you hear someone crying in relieved grief around 1:45     that's just me celebrating the end of my oral exam 
"it is december 12, and it should not be 80 degrees in my room "
"holy freaking dancing monkeys taught by twanky, how did i get a b in japanese?"
"ah, rain, how i have missed you!"
happy christmas!
"i have decided that after reading the trigun manga, the ending to the anime seems a bit anticlimatic "
"split between my love of sci-fi television, and writing  both are so entertaining, but only one can win each time  so troublesome    "
did you know that you can type upside down in powerpoint?
in la verne for <propfemale>'s wedding  anyone wanna <propfemale> out sometime tuesday or wednesday?
"why is that whenever i write a story, sooner or later i end up drawing a map?"
"29 minutes until i get to register, and my chances of getting my desired classes without crashing is dwindling down    "
currently hating my life
"oh, snap, tomorrow's friday > > i'm going to miss the lazy days "
my sister is getting married tomorrow o o
"omg my sister is married  laugh  goodbye <propfemale> scarr, and hello mrs  <propfemale> bellue!"
"so the first thing that happens when i get back to sd? the internet decides not to work, 2 hours laters it decides to work again  i'm thinking it had a small case of abandonment issues"
it is january so why do i feel like i should turn on my air conditioning?
fog!!!
first day: all my profs are interesting; i get to go to the zoo for anthropology; and shakespeare probably won't kill me     with any luck
"according to my baby name book kentucky means \from the land of tomorrow\"" \",ea086c4a7bc9a846947016cea3eab30d,i have a job interview!!!!!
interview here i came  pray i get it so i can at least grow up a little  laugh 
i have a job!!!!! eeeeee
my phone is turning against me!!! it's changed two setting and tried to erase a contact ;-; i thought i was being good to it!
just caught up on <propmale> o o
i turn 20 in 20 days
my day: lose wallet  freak out  panic  skip last class to search  give up  take trolley  get phone call  run back to school  find wallet  happy days   love 
17 days
"15 days     so close, yet so far away"
"i can no longer say \escape\"" without pronouncing it like dory from finding nemo """
"i had a dream that the world was dying due to some kind of mystical forces, and the only one able to compete with it was macgyver and a band of traveling gypsies  after the huge battle (he won), everyone boarded a bullet train, but macgyver went missing  so it was up to <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale> to keep the peace by using the intersect    i still wanna know what happened to macgyver "
