f952c3078c615168a0ccb54042fcf601
misses old friends
"disliking the irony, in working to find work  but, i got to do something  miss my phone too much   laugh "
hates watching people make the same mistake time after time  especially when they don't listen to advice about it         
just watched zombie land 
gonna kill some nazi zombies for a few hours 
atonement for the sins of the past is not to repent  it is to not make the same mistake twice 
"taking a nap, cuz naps are awesome, and i only got like 4 hours sleep last night lol"
"same product different packaging, or same packaging with different product?"
"so, playing a game online, and apparently i sound like i'm 30  annoyed "
"we barely talk, don't get to <propfemale> out much, why do you say \don't leave\"" ?"""
"i shall indulge in a mostly useless status update  i am going to bed, that is all "
"has decided, the hair has to go  sad "
is a cowboy ballerina bomberman in space 
<propfemale> saretai <propfemale>    aishitai wake jyana 
"you can forget your memories, but you can't forget your feelings "
"its only part time, but i has a job  smile "
"knew it was coming, still didn't want to hear it "
sorry if i'm not who you want me to be     actually i'm really not sorry at all 
"doesn't matter how many times i hear them, journey will always be amazing  \separate ways\"" is my favorite """
"not sure what to do, but i have to do something        "
"getting warm out, time to take advantage of the weather, and the time of year "
reading news is depressing 
watched <propfemale> in wonderland    in 3d  <propmale> <propmale> does it again 
"sonata arctica, just can't stop listening to them today "
"you didn't do anything wrong, its just how things are "
"wanting so very much, to get things started    one thing or another   "
almost enough written to constitute a chapter!
all the act prep questions this week were too easy  annoyed 
looking for suggestions on a good read  books or manga 
"playing super <propfirst> 3, good times "
tang + ice cream = ?
i'm a fat marshmallow 
"i'm just a dreamer  i dream my life away  i'm just a dreamer, who dreams of better days "
finally fixing desktop  no more lagtastic laptop for me   smile 
"my friend's 6 year old niece, just \turned me into a chair\"" so she could sit on me     -sigh-"""
        completely maxed on castle age requests    again    
"<propfemale> opens her door  30 seconds later, i have a poodle on my lap  annoyed "
good morning   oh   its raining   
remembering that time i got put on pumpkin restriction     good times    
we must be careful about what we pretend to be 
"if you are done talking to me and don't want to be friends anymore, at least have the courtesy to say so, instead of ignoring messages and randomly deleting me on different sites "
why would anyone willingly subject themselves to something they find offensive?
stupid drunk kids ringing doorbell at 2:20 am     
"someone believes something different than you do? so what, does their right to believe what they want to believe really bother you sooo much that it imposes on your rights?"
"34 rounds solo on nazi zombies, with <propfirst> gun and flamethrower  * der riese"
"new game of ogre battle 64, still debating on which ending i want to go for, any votes? * i plan on keeping dio, even though he really kind of sucks *"
had a dream last night    i could teleport  laugh 
"hmm, finally hit first class change on som 2  taking a break, then onto the rest of the game tomorrow maybe "
"always disappointing when my favorite character in a series happens to be a side character who reaches the end of the story, but isn't given the privilege of a conclusion  i mean come on, in this particular series, pretty much every other side character got an ending, even ones that had less than half their part in it!"
"made enchiladas for dinner    i spent about 4 hours in the kitchen, it only took about 4 minutes for the pan to be near empty "
"has anyone else ever watched \mars\"" ?"""
can it become too late to thank someone?
"sometimes, you just wake up and realize, all your dreams for the last month have been post-apocalyptic "
"sometimes its good to sit back, open a drink, and listen to some serj  gotta take time to enjoy being alive "
found even more places in the area online than i did a month and a half ago  at least this time i have dr  pepper and cheez-its to munch on while i fill out all these apps online 
"brain is full of ouch  reality? delusion? a delusion merging with reality? chaos head   not missing anything, and still not quite sure whats going on lol"
