a08f1ccfc86066a63f236aa0a01d5c18
lets have some fun  this beat is sick   gaga
i like your big cock too <propfirst> bray!  smile   lmao
wow  longgg! funn! night!  cant wait for today   had no sleep   smile ]  deir
idk idk idk  =[
is in okoboji  lakehouse  arnolds park tomorrow night   ughh i wanna go home  =[
"at the cottage  <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>  okoboji, iowa  im sooooo bored  ughgug "
confusedddd    and amuseddd    annoyed 
i dont know  i dont know  i dont know  ugh   this sucks <propmale> mbs but i guess the past is the past  :[
whats yo flava? tell me whats yo flava    oooooo     smile 
ugh   im sooo bored 
summers almost over already? :[
just got back from 3 hours of school shopping  ugh 
i hate rainnnn    !  :[
i miss you 
ughh     life
ive got fever    like headache fever  :[ lol
hi   smile 
marrrgaritaaassss   smile    gk gk whoot
leaving for school = lame    im too tired for life  today   lol
you should check your event invitations   smile 
blues clue ues blues clues! you gotta find the 1st paw print! thats the 1st clue! you put it in your notebook and think  think  thi-i-i-i i i-i-i ink!   smile 
is really really fucking sick! ugh fml
<propfemale>'s body is lammmmeee as hell  dont go see it  ;p
"wow   crazy night as hell  \im so sure\"" bahah"""
skating party tonight  babysitter     playful 
 sad 
"day and night  i toss and turn, i keep stressing my mind  i look for peace but see i don't attain  what i need for keeps this silly game we play  lifes a game "
worst week of my life  i swear it   sad 
does anyone know if smnw has late start tomorrow!? whats the schedule?
bonfire tonight!  smile  whoot! i need someone to come pick up the firewood though!
happy world hunger day! eliminate world hunger!
new phone!! what are your <propfirst>!?!?  smile 
can i have yo numba? can i? can i?
"my birthday party this saturday, 7 - 11 smile 0pm! come! 758 main st , wellsville, ks  its gonna be amaaazzzing!  smile "
"does anyone else ever wonder   \why me?!\""   sad """
my birthday is tomorrow!!! whooot whooot 16!  smile 
how do you tag people in your status?
7 months today! déir italo montéal!  i loveee you!!  smile 
4 days of iss for tardies! wtf!?!? im so sure f-ed up school system   sad 
je veux ton amour  et je veux <propfemale> revanche  je veux ton amour  i don’t wanna be friends
"oh, look what you've done you've made a fool of everyone oh well, it seems like such fun until you lose what you had won"
 smile )
don't want  no paper gangsta  won't sign away  my life to  someone whose got  the flavor  but don't have  no follow through  don't want  no paper gangsta  wont sign  no monkey papers  i don't do  funny business not interested in fakers don't want no paper gangsta
upp^ all night  ive been up all night! and now i cant sleepp   brain dead!      > annoyed                smile  fame  red wine  hair   obsessively opposed to the typical     addicted to a life of material  
im sooooooo sure! everybody has 3d glasses now! lmao
"i know that its complicated, but im a loser in love so baby, raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts, of all my **cked up friends, you've got me speechless"
"i'm blue da ba <propfirst> da ba die   i'm blue (if i was green i \would die)"
like
the best boyfriend in the world brought me flowers!  wink 
"take me to infinity  out of control at the speed of this light  a \never ending kick so we'll never die"
okoboji!!!
hair reddd! like really red!!  smile )
last night of summer!  sad (
its so weird walking around school with no one to hold hands with me anymore!  sad  i miss you déir montéal! move back!
wellsville   be ready for me this weekend! goin back to hicktown! ughhh
someone talkk to me   im bored!
what is a really really good song?
omg! today was great!  smile 
i have amazing friends! thanks everyone who helped me today!
i thought it would be worse this time  i guess the first cut really is the deepest  
going to the beast tonight! so scared!  smile 
just waitin on the world to change  
movies!  smile 
so confused    annoyed 
"i throw my skittles in the air sometimes, sayin' ayyyyyyyoooooo!!!   taste the rainbow!!  smile "
omfg! had so much fun tonight!  smile  whoot whoot!
big event saturday!!
"your only as tall as your heart will let you be, and your only as small as the world will make you seem!"
chillin at the refuge with my lover!  wink  lol
so tiredd today! i miss you bed!  sad 
i have finally come to the realization: wtf was i thinking???  for reals  im ridin solo for a while 
i? feel like eating a rainbow and finishing off with a slice of the <propfemale> 
why do you say you hate dumb ass bitches when your a dumb ass bitch yourself? seriously  freshmen   
never felt so alive! smile    gotta loveit
light show tonight! smile 
hell yesss smile 
lotss of candyy smile 
"dear facebook, i really dont care who changed their profile pictures  nor who is now friends with who "
why try to fit in when we were born to stand out?
officially 17!  smile 
best birthdayy ever by far smile  thankyou everyone for all the happy birthdays!
if you want the rainbow you gotta put up with the rain 
1hr36min!!
i can't think of a good status  
"at some level, you have to learn what it means to be your own best friend  learn your music, your story, and how to survive  learn what god feels like, learn how to love yourself, before you can love another  learn to live "
waxy o'sheas is sooo good smile   yummm
????u? ?u??????p ? ?o?? p??o? ??? ?? ?oo? ? ?u???? s?
i got big city dreams   wink 
"out across the endless sea, i would die in ecstasy"
"the blade shot forward, and a human body, this citadel of virtue,  wisdom, power, was pierced as easily as if it had been a melon  how easily something so complex and amazing can be destroyed  "
pretty pathetic that i still have two more baby teeth to lose at 17  sad 
hey <propfirst> 
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery  and today? today is a gift  that's why we call it the present  wink "
a smooth sea doesn't make a skilled sailor  
most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine  
"ya'll need <propfemale> hide ya kids, hide ya wife, and hide ya husband cuz they rapin' everybody out hurr "
24 hours till 2011  wink 
"i wonder how, i wonder why, yesterday ya told me about the blue blue sky, and all that i can see is this goddamn yellow lemon tree!"
ready to partay sai duck?!  smile  hahha
hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
i hate school!!
cross your fingers  car today!!
 sad  like forreal worst day ever  
