7d8b498ff49ebf812a84efe616dc948d
is off to okc 
shortly will be attempting her first 14er of the year   hooray for glorious colorado mountains!
loves mountains   quandary peak = possibly new fave 14er 
is wicked excited for wicked!
has a new sushi fave - the spider roll! (thanks <propmale>! thanks <propfirst>!)
"is admiring her pretty new laptop, and hoping to hook up her wireless router "
might just knit herself some hp socks 
is attempting to create a book trailer   thank god for creativecommons org!
can finally relax - her big presentation is done   oh joyous day!
had shark for lunch   what'd you have?
needs to give the cat a bath   anyone have a spare suit of armor she can borrow?
thinks the whirlpool & sinatra sounds like a good combination 
"just completed the last assignment in her tech class   two courses down, one to go, and then school freedom (for a couple weeks) "
recommends you go see orphan 
is eager to see pretty peaks 
is headed back home after a great vacation 
is about to head to emporia for fall semester's first class weekend 
is learnin' stuff 
thinks a long run outside tomorrow sounds like a good idea 
is looking for a partner for the <propfemale>thon relay on oct  18 (1 2 <propfemale>  each person)   anyone interested?
has discovered it is great fun to run with a friend 
has a strong <propfemale> to listen to some bonzo dog band   the <propfemale> is hampered a bit by the fact that she doesn't actually own any of their albums 
"'s new shoes are breaking her in, not the other way around "
is signed up for the johnston's 1 2 marathon in sept!
"is ecstatic - she ate 11 <propmale> for brunch   and now she'd like a burger the size of her head, please "
needs to hit up lowe's for some building materials so she can make apollo a stand for her new tank  (thanks again <propfemale> & <propmale>!)
wishes her house could paint itself   since it can't   
"now officially loves card-making   crap   oh yeah, and hooray nfl!"
thinks it's a pizza kind of day 
and bon jovi are making pb rice treats 
is super excited for sunday's 1 2 marathon!!
is running a half-marathon!!!!  hoping to post a new pr      laugh 
2:22:47 - a new pr!  perfect weather + scenic course = highly enjoyable 1 2 marathon 
is kc-bound   go red sox!!!
had a great time celebrating <propfirst>'s birthday in kc!  must visit kc more often   
off to <propfemale> out with a couple dozen librarian wannabes and learn about information theories for the weekend 
love to laugh (ha ha ha ha) loud and long and clear!
is crafty-ish 
loves the smell of decaying leaves 
is going to forget to make her picks one of these weeks 
likes 'em happy and shiny 
would love to visit a laughing club 
"'s focus is missing   if you find it, can you send it back to her?  thanks!"
"loves wearing pjs to work and all, but is oh so glad to put on real pants "
"is off to emporia for a couple days   seems like she was just there! looking forward to seeing her sis when she gets back, though!"
": go light, go fast   ish "
's got her groove back 
is celebrating wicked style!
is overwhelmed with thanks to you all for the birthday wishes   smile 
wishes becca and <propfemale> good luck running the <propfemale> corps marathon in d c  tomorrow!!!
thinks she'll use her one day off and: go to b&n; go to <propfirst>'s; go see zombieland; clean house; fire up some calzones; watch the eagles beat her redskins   
would go for a walk on the beach if there were one nearby 
is fiddling with wire in the hopes of making funky jewelry 
"is looking forward to a weekend completely off - no work, no classes!"
just won trans-siberian orchestra tickets!!!!!!!!!  waaaahhhhooooo!!!!
"has a candle burning and dinner stewing on the stove   thus, her house smells fabulous!"
is on her way to the trans siberian orchestra concert!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
might just have to get wichita grand opera season tickets next year 
thinks bmx looks so fun 
is twitchy 
"has learned of a new wichita buffet that includes: cow stomach; and chicken feet (yes, to eat)   must visit that establishment to add to her list of foods tried   "
is a delicate medium-sized flower 
ordered a photo print of herself and <propfirst> on a mt  and somehow ended up with a picture of some people in cabo posing with a dolphin 
"'s last class weekend is upon her   as of saturday evening, no more in-person class until february!"
is having a homework and football kind of day 
needs to take a break from knitting for other people and knit for herself   it's not like there are any holidays coming up or anything 
"would go on and on about the yummy goat curry she had today, but she has a tendency to talk about goat a bit much, so she'll opt not to go on and on about the yummy goat curry she had today   "
lost a button off her pants at work today   thankfully no one appeared to notice 
"really needs to access her school email, and the blasted server is down!  gar!!!!!"
"is writing a paper, and then writing another, and then editing another one "
thinks a 4-miler sounds lovely right about now 
thinks it'd be nice to own a piano 
apparently needs more foosball practice   lots more 
wishes everyone a happy thanksgiving   she is thankful for her big italian nose and how it can smell all the delicious thanksgiving food   and she's especially thankful for her kooky crazy family   playful 
is on team <propmale>   he's hot 
's monday-day-off plans: see new <propfemale> (12:45 13th st  if interested!); go to towne east mall; go to goodwill to find the ugliest of ugly sweaters; swing by walmart for dinner fixings; start writing her final paper; have dinner and watch some football!
gives pumpkin spice coffee creamer two enthusiastic thumbs up!
is craving cheesecake buried in cherries 
is glad she cheated and looked ahead to the end of that book because she found out that everyone died!  she doesn't want to read a book where all the characters die!  stupid useless book!
has a feeling her christmas tree won't get put up this year either 
"is looking forward to good company, good food, football, and maybe a little super <propfirst> bros "
can't decide: <propmale> roark or mr  <propfemale>?
is baking cookies and listening to festive tunes 
"is amazed at how much better she feels now that school is over for the semester   no stress, no pressure, hooray times five!"
: blessed are the mini marshmallows 
"'s making today a festive day - going christmas shopping, wrapping gifts, putting up the tree (umm   maybe), and later going to see an ice skating holiday show   christmas spirit is here today!"
needs to run 20 4 more <propmale> to hit 400 <propmale> in 2009!
is a little bit obsessed with food and should have been a pastry chef 
wants a wii!  and she challenges everyone to that sword fighting game - no one can beat her 
should have put up her tree so she'd have somewhere to put these presents 
is crossing her fingers for a day off tomorrow   
"thinks nothing says christmas like cheeseball, bing crosby and football   and knitting   and phone calls to family   and cornish game hens the size of softballs   and ribbon <propfemale>   and   "
"has lovely plum-colored yarn and a terrific pattern, but out of all her bazillion needles she doesn't have the proper sized one to knit this sweater!  *@%#!!!!!!!"
just got a late christmas gift of a scholarship from esu slim   woot woot!
"is having french toast (swimming in pure vt <propfemale> syrup) for breakfast, then later plans to brave the mall for some pretty new going out top(s)   and then squeak in a little football to round out the weekend "
's home gym will soon grow - an exercise bike is in her near future 
plans to attempt a new craft - glass etching   anyone have any e playful erience with it?
"is tired of winter, and is very much ready for spring, please "
ready to ring in the new year my way - running the frosty 5k 
saw half of an edited version of midnight meat train a few days ago   and am still freaked out   that movie gets my vote for most disturbing and depraved movie ever   can't imagine what the unedited version is like!  *shiver*
"forgot what she was going to post as a status update, but she's sure it was going to be profound "
never realized she had nodes on the back of her neck until one of the suckers decided to swell 
thinks tonight might be a good night to curl up with the tao of pooh for a little mental massage 
plans to bake some bread today   yum!
loves apples to apples!!!
would not make a very good ninja 
is totally amped for rigoletto!
"gets to see one of her sisters tonight, and hopefully coerce her into doin' up some karaoke!!!"
"has exercised her extrovert side last couple of days; now it's time to bask in introvertland and knit, knit, knit the day away! (and toss in a brief excursion for chinese )"
is tempted to tell the stylist to chop it to the chin   but thinks she'll just stick with the regular 
kicks her 3-day weekend off with   homework!
"happy birthday, ayn rand!  thank you for giving us <propmale> roark!"
eggplant parmesan 
's cat needs an exorcism 
"bollywood, baby "
about to head in for workday #10 in a row   ugh! this is the work week that just won't die!!!
is baking chocolate chip cookies!!!
"'s psa: do not leave your car's roof light on and then fly to fl for a week   on a more positive note, florida was fabulous, and aaa is awesome "
watched an episode of <propmale> <propmale> and now wants to take an oil painting class 
can't wait for warmer weather for tennis and rollerblading!!
"is in class right now, scrubbin' out in pjs   ahhh, the joys of online class meetings!!"
has the sudden urge to watch earth girls are easy 
's day: baking bread; cleaning house; watching hockey!
is super duper!
doesn't think it's a good thing to smell like lunch 
is contemplating an attempt at hand painting some yarn 
is going to enjoy her random friday off by doing homework!  how exciting!  you know you're jealous 
spamalot is coming to wichita next year! aaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"saw some guy sneeze in his truck, so she used telepathy to bless him   good deed for the day: check!"
"baking blueberry muffins, cleaning house, finishing her shawl, ice skating, dinner with friends = great day off!"
hates vicious cycles   they're vicious 
is spending the evening with bon jovi!!!!
is the baddest knitting kninja ever!
"would love to take that pastels class, but   9 weeks?"
salt n' vinegar chips = breakfast of champions 
is hoping that this wonderful sun will inspire her to get back into running!
is looking forward to pastels class tonight!
thursday is the new friday   at least this week!
is planning to satisfy her craving for goat while in overland park this weekend 
's car payment is no more   it has ceased to be   it's e playful ired and gone to meet its maker 
has declared war on the moles 
"is looking forward to tomorrow's 10k, even though she'll probably die "
thinks coffee tastes even that much more awesome after a run 
is looking forward to tomorrow's crafty time!
really really loves spring   really   especially the brilliant green of new leaves 
loves that magic marker smell 
managed to make it through at least half of paranormal activity before getting motion sick   
"oh yeah, mega piranha!!"
"is suffering from allergies, but is still going to attempt a 6-miler this morning "
hair cut cut cut cut cut   
"shampooed the living room carpet, and it looks sooooooooo much better!"
's pie crusts get better every time   
"probably should start working on her big paper because, you know, it's due sunday and all "
"the proper response to thank you is you're welcome, and the first r in library is not silent "
has decided that m&ms are kind of awesome 
"really does live in a bubble   or maybe a cartoon   no wait - a disney movie, with lots of bunnies, birds and singing turtles "
is in a chick flick kind of mood   perhaps a chick flick kind of gtg is in order!
just finished her 5th pastels class   and has yet to finish her first painting   next week for sure!
has an irrational fear of the left side of the garage 
"three day weekend!  three day weekend!  shopping, fishing, reading, knitting, running, baking, homework   "
"wants your corks!  could you save your wine corks for me for a craft?  (this applies to local people only, unless you're willing to mail )  thanks for your help!"
today is my last tuesday evening shift!  next week = the switch to thursday nights 
gets to go visit some middle schoolers today   hopefully i make it out alive   
had a rough couple of days   methinks chocolate chip cookies are in order 
"'s husband is so sweet, going out and getting her some ice cream   smile "
"one class down, one to go for spring semester!  one more paper to write, then    finis!"
"fell while rollerblading, but made sure to land on her bum instead of any breakable parts   crossing fingers for a sensational bruise   "
is amped for an 8-miler this morning!  new route - detour past the alpacas   
gettin' crafty 
"thought about having a party, but thinks she might need to just enjoy a quick getaway on her next 3-day weekend   especially since she has, like, 1 week off between spring and summer semesters "
loves seeing the riverfest food court tents go up - especially because that means that next week there will be funnel cake!!!!
was nearly viciously attacked by a brown recluse last night   recluses really need to learn that such aggression will only end in their death 
"according to some 1st graders, i: look like i'm 19; look like <propfemale> peach; have pretty eyelashes "
remembers why she loves high heels   yet she also remembers why she does not wear high heels to work 
"wants to enter a food eating contest   cheesecake   or maybe snickerdoodles   ooooh, or maybe <propfemale> syrup drinking   "
just turned in her last assignment for spring semester!  now to enjoy the 1 week break until summer semester starts   
"can't decide what to do during her 3-day weekend!  ahh, the possiblities   "
"really should clean, bake cookies, and go for a run   however, i'm e playful eriencing an attack of the lazies, and is thusly going to knit and watch beauty and the beast "
is thirsty   wink 
casino time!
thinks it's a good idea to bake cookies on a full stomach 
"plans to give blood tomorrow afternoon around 4   feel free to join me!  red cross better take my blood this time, or i'll have to go <propmale> <propmale> on them "
is ready for her first school weekend in emporia!
"probably should not sit next to the window in class, especially on such a beautiful day!"
"needs to interview someone about an information need!  so if anyone is trying to find information on something, or do research on something, and wouldn't mind being interviewed, please let me know!"
is not very good at disciplining her cats   they get away with a lot of nonsense 
feels the need to shake things up 
"thanks everyone, again, for all the anniversary wishes!"
wants to go swimming   a shame that i don't know how to swim   
"is just a little bit sad that i won't be attending tonight's korn concert    sad   sad   sad   ok, maybe a lot sad "
survived the first day of summer reading club!  so what that her voice is practically gone and she's freaking exhausted!
is in the canyons of your mind 
has discovered that she's actually not really afraid of heights!
's husband is not allowed to have a pet rattlesnake!
wonders why on earth she's craving chocolate cake 
"was not satisfied with the 5k, so   time to go for a jog!"
mmm   muddy buddies 
thinks that went very well!!!!   laugh 
will just do homework since no one is coming to craft night   playful 
moooooooovin' on!
note to self: no head-banging during storytime   next day = ouch!
gets to go to the uber exciting town of emporia this weekend!   laugh 
needs to find the motivation to get started on one of about a million papers due this summer 
thinks it should be illegal for hotels to serve such ridiculously terrible coffee 
's red-cardi-in-progress is going to visit the back of the closet until she can stand to fix the huge mistake she made   she really wanted to work on that pink tee anyway   
is happy   smile 
's excitement for the night: flat tire on i-135   stupid weird metal debris!  very thankful for the super helpful highway patrol   (and i'm sure the other 5 people with flat tires felt the same way   )
only a week and a half 'til becca's here!!!!   laugh 
finally gets a day off!  plans are: house cleaning; harvest some peaches; go see the newest shrek; go to goodwill; spend some time outside; make a super awesome dinner; maybe squeeze in watching vertigo 
"is a very patient person, but is getting really close to my limit   i really need to take a good friend's advice on this one   either that or take boxing lessons   "
puppet show day!
do the roar 
just got her first issue of vogue knitting   wahoo!!
might have to take a trip down to ok this weekend just to get a yummy dunkie's coolatta 
"writing this <propmale> is difficult, and not so much fun  and it's only a prelim draft   *sigh*"
yummmm    peanut butter rice treats    
has discovered that purple finches aren't birds - they're actually pigs   greedy beasts!
found it momentarily a little startling to see a snake skin in the trash can 
late night last night + long workday today = awesome zzzzs tonight 
"found her pants, it's her friday, and becca's coming!!  hooray super day!"
had such an awesome time last night!
"feels refreshed and relaxed, thanks to a quick getaway!"
tapped into her inner child and had <propmale> 'n cheese for dinner 
 playful   that's right - i did just stick out my tongue at you   laugh 
is off to emporia for my next to last school weekend ever 
"'s husband claims that i would not be pleased to be surprised with the gift of a white kitten   what a silly, silly man!"
running!   tennis!  storms?  homework 
can't wait - new phone on its way!
"beware the jubjub bird, and shun the frumious bandersnatch!"
"feels so light-hearted, even though i'm in the most stressful part of the semester   could it be that i've cracked?"
"gets the best ideas in the shower - where i can't write them down, and inevitably forget what they were by the time i'm near paper and pen!"
is an auntie! welcome <propfirst> <propfirst>!
"<propmale> class = done!!  one week from today, hopefully my assignments will be complete and turned in for the other two   almost there   "
"spent the beginning of my one day off doing homework, so now i will reward myself by shopping at gander mtn , going to see eclipse, and then hitting up chili's for some of their dominant mini tacos "
"is overrun with ants!  eat the damn poison and die, you useless things!"
i think i'm allergic to clothes shopping   either that or i just really really hate it 
the great e playful eriment tonite - cats vs dog 
last emporia weekend ever!  i'll certainly need to celebrate the end of this semester   yowza 
"probably should have been doing homework before the start of class instead of tooling around online searching for super yarn sales   incidentally, i did get an awesome deal on worsted wool, so there is an orange cardigan in my future!"
"presentation done, celebrating w sushi "
is stoked to have a vacuum that actually sucks!
would really like to see other people take more (or in some cases any) initiative   i'm burned out from doing all the work 
is thinking about planning an august craft nite(s)  would love input on what dates are best 
<propmale> crackers + pb + chocolate frosting = dessert 
wants to have a sleepover 
is impatient for the opera season to be announced   (ahem   tony?)  playful 
needs someone to teach me how to swim so i can train for a triathlon!
feels awesome!  fabulous!  fantastic!  super!  i'd totally forgotten what life w o stress felt like - now i remember - it feels sensational!  and no i'm not on crack!!!
"is looking forward to next weekend's haysville city-wide yard sale   if anyone wants to join me, lmk!  hoping to score a couple of book cases, a dressmaker's dummy and some knitting goodies   "
"grades are in - 3 a's, baby!"
yyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally at <propfemale> to announce: i got a promotion! will be senior librarian manager of rockwell branch later this fall!!!!
and so begins my final semester at grad school   
   sushi       yummm    
rip dishwasher 
may just make some peanut butter rice krispy treats 
's day: doc visit; bookstore; cleaning; baking; packing; go for a walk; work!
"probably should have been more productive yesterday   lots to do today, and very little time in which to do it "
"loves the sweet smell of my tuition reimbursement check  really, the ink is potent   "
o beauteous montons   please let me summit thee 
"goodbye civilization, hello colorado wilderness!!"
's poor husband has a blister on his heel that is actually the size of his whole heel   any recommendations on a quick way to make it go away?
"one more hike tomorrow to end my vacation   while i love a good (and active!) getaway, i'm always happy to head for home and its comforts "
"home again, home again, jiggity jig "
"needs to start working on christmas knitting!  sweaters, socks and mittens galore   "
needs to do some room painting   ugh   volunteers?  laugh 
is determined to go see an nhl game this season 
"really wants a local yarnie friend, so i need to either teach someone to knit or get to know my yarnie acquaintances better "
can't wait for sunday (my 1 day off this weekend): long run; nfl; jewelry-making w buddies; 14ers dinner gtg!
was promised hawaii in 2013  doesn't hurt to start researching now  ;p
"'s legs are sore after yesterday's 15k, but ooooh i'm stoked for next weekend's 10-miler!"
's <propfemale> has seasonal allergies   i never knew a cat could develop allergies until ours did!
"is eager for tomorrow's day off!  not much on the agenda yet: 4-miler; haircut; bead shopping for sure, maybe finally get around to watching the crazies "
loves that empowered feeling i get after a great run!!!  i feel awesome!!  laugh 
one of the benefits of short hair = less drying time 
is satisfied with that 11-miler!  i'm ready for the prairie fire half!
"'s husband has requested chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting for his birthday   (yum!!)  if anyone has any awesome tried-and-true pb frosting recipes, please pass it them along!"
"presented an awesome storytime, but didn't get any hugs  robbed, i tell you!"
totally amped for october - my favorite month!
tomorrow = colorado   saturday = knife edge of not-death (hopefully) 
"i just like to smile, smiling's my favorite "
i think it's safe to say i've pretty much conquered my fear of heights   wink 
is in the mood for chai tea  mmmmm   
will figure it out one of these days   
plans to go see the grand canyon next year   anyone been?
is knitting mittens with alpaca yarn for this month's knitting group project   someone's getting alpaca mitts for christmas   
"hasn't gotten a professional massage since massage class a million years ago   must find local massage therapist!  a dip in the whirlpool tub, a massage and a glass of wine sound like a fabulous kind of day "
"needs to make some halloween crafts   found the coolest pattern for a twig + snake wreath   (thanks, <propfemale> s !)"
"ate 8 <propmale> for breakfast today, and they tasted goooooooooood! amped for next week's prairie fire half marathon!!!"
"can't really call fatty a scaredy cat anymore   ok, so he's still a bit of a weenie, but at least he's no longer a phantom   "
"one effective supervisory practices training class down, eleven to go, and then   super boss!  wink "
is looking forward to some herping this weekend!
"please\ copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been \affected by someone, who needs a foot up the ass  people who need a foot\ up the ass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for \someone who deserves a foot up the ass, except a foot up the ass, but we\ can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this  please make a \difference "
was just told that i have the best laugh  that just made my day!
"is feeling crafty, in more ways than one   wink "
"yay, yay, super day!"
"just noticed that my mp3 player is filled with angry music   death, dying, killing stuff - all probably appropriate subject matter for my ears during a half marathon!"
13 1 is my favorite distance   smile 
is ready to start this busy week of work and play!
mmm   cranberry pomegranate tea  all i need now is a scone or two 
is excited for this weekend's knitty group meeting! hoping to make some great new knitty friends   smile 
"strongly believes in the power and necessity of acknowledgement   in other words, i'm probably going to annoy the crap out of my staff   wink "
"is so excited about getting my new glasses tomorrow! (yes, i'm a dork!)"
"is feelin' da love   thanks for all the birthday greetings and wishes!  i plan to celebrate the day with the purchase of many skeins, hanks and balls of luscious yarn!"
i feel the need   the need for tweed!
"wishes that great books took forever to read and sub-par books were quick reads, instead of the other way around   "
"had a dream last night in which i was sheep shopping   perhaps that's an indication that i'm a wee bit obsessed with knitting   although if anyone has a sheep for sale, give me a call!"
a spoonful of peanut butter makes a surprisingly satisfying snack 
is mildly interested in taking ballet   
thinks <propmale> is far superior to <propfirst> 
"had a sweet, little old man customer tell me he liked my costume - he thought i must be dressed as a \pretty young lady\""   *blush*"""
mission: gingerfication 
is baking bread 
is judging entries in a local short story contest   all i can say is: i certainly hope my writing skills were a hell of a lot better than that when i was in 5th grade!!
"feels quite refreshed after a low-key, limited-socialization week   ahh, the energizing needs of an introvert!"
red was awesome!  i highly recommend it 
"is not supposed to be up this early on a day off!  but since i am, i suppose i shall get to painting   "
"is fascinated by quirky people - the more odd and unusual, the better!"
knitting + football + breakfast casserole for dinner + knitting + football = a quality sunday afternoon evening 
"really needs to go shopping for some more business wear   my current wardrobe does not exactly scream \management\""   ugh   i hate clothes shopping """
thinks running 8 <propmale> then spending most of the day putting up drywall makes for a pretty productive day 
only 3 projects standing between me and my mls   almost   there    
loves those funny cackling sounds her cats make when watching birds on the deck 
to heck with new year's   i'll just start working on my resolutions now!
's husband is in the basement breaking stuff with a sledgehammer 
thinks hula hooping would be great ab work 
"oh hd, how beautiful <propmale> thou!"
making minty cheesecake!  knitting!  ordering christmas gifts!  hooray relaxing evening!
"wishes you lots of fun, smiles and good times on your holiday!"
<propfemale> harvest celebration day!
"'s neighbors are out riding their horses   i wanna ride one!  and after that, i want to walk the other neighbors' alpacas "
"one paper down, 2 to go   getting there!"
"wishes good luck to her sisters becca yeamans and <propfemale> yeamans as they run the space coast marathon in fl!  have fun and be well, ladies!"
likes questions   questions are fun 
"will be a professional librarian in 1 week, and a degreed one in 2 weeks!"
"hurry up and get here, 3-day weekend!!"
brittle   peanut brittle 
"looking forward to a productive day off - homework, cleaning, baking, knitting, meeting children's author <propfirst> baker, and otherwise maximizing my waking hours "
going to see 127 hours today!
peanut butter chip chocolate cookies = heaven 
ending a wonderful week with capstone class in good ol' overland park 
needs to knit a balaclava   i sure could have used one for this morning's ridiculously cold run   
turkish delight sounds delightful!
"eat the banana, not the brownie   eat the banana, not the brownie   i know!  eat the banana and the brownie!  score!"
is going to attempt a chicken + bacon (+ mushroom?) <propmale> pizza for dinner tonight 
"thinks now would be a good time to start knitting gifts for next christmas, if only so i actually get some completed!"
thinks that '11 is going to be a good year!
looking forward to my being on my first interview panel today!
"has lots of 2011 goals and resolutions, including: prioritize!!!; knit an afghan; run 500+ <propmale> (ahem - not all at once); refine my leadership management skills; get out of my comfort zone more often; meet new people; take another pastels class   in other words, keep self very busy and constantly learning new things!  must feed brain!"
my <propfemale> gets x-rays today   hoping doc finds out her problem so she can feel better!!
"just got the notice that my degree was conferred, so i officially have a master's degree   and now to start considering options for master's #2   "
"can't wait for the meowmorphosis to be published!  one of those quirk classics, this is a spinoff of one of my favorite books (the metamorphosis by kafka), and in it the main character wakes up to find out he's been transformed into an adorable kitten   awww!"
dropped and broke my second favorite coffee mug   thankfully favorite coffee mug remains   must buy new second favorite coffee mug   
"thanks for the awesome new hiking shoes, steep and cheap!  ready for hiking season now!"
is officially registered for the warrior dash 
"bought a bunch of yarn yesterday, and e playful ecting a big box of yarn in today's mail   so much yarn   might have to declare this the year to knit for other people, or k-fop for short "
a 9-miler and football make for a fun sunday!
"my day off today consists of cleaning, baking banana bread, enjoying the snow-covered landscape, organizing my bookshelves, and rounding out the day with pizza and peeps "
had a dream about tornadoes last night   i'm ready for spring!
is psyched that a wichitan won the newbery medal!!
is currently feeling vague twinges of interest in becoming a professor   
"is glad yesterday's two new part time staff were enthusiastic, energetic and bright   hoping today's two newbies are just as good!"
is so sorry for <propfemale> yeamans ' loss   please give your kitties puppies an extra cuddle and kiss on behalf of <propfemale> and <propfemale> 
"it's a pizza and football kind of day   well, later, anyway!"
is contemplating a trip to the casino tonight 
going to try yoga for the first time tonight!
"has today off!  cleaning has to happen, but after that hoping to finish my fair isle mitten, maybe bust out a little tae <propmale>, write send some cards, and later make my favorite meal - hungarian goulash "
mint oreos are the best store-bought cookies ever 
<propfirst> and i decided we're going to africa to climb mt  kilimanjaro in fall 2013!!  now to start researching   
today's big plans: yarn shopping; attending a youth hockey game; taco dinner; and jewelry-making general socializing w friends! (and tiramisu?)
yoga tonight!!
thinks it would be most excellent if <propmale> and <propmale> 3 were to be filmed!!
has a particular fondness for people who are <propfirst>   if they are named frank   bonus!
is craving brownies   and also wonders where this sudden interest in chocolate is coming from 
"the calendar may say friday, but for me it's just a thursday "
and i didn't give myself the afternoon off   why???
"should be a great day today - author <propfirst> averill is presenting at my library in honor of kansas' birthday; having a thai lunch with a friend; having a student come interview me for a school paper; and finally   jewelry party!  hoping my friends, new friends, and acquaintances all have a wonderful time with the jewelry and meeting new people!"
"today is apparently date day - running, coffee, and dinner "
feels inspired 
thinks the welcome to february is a bit hostile! (yuck - wind and snow )
getting psyched for super bowl!!
the library actually owns cds that teach swahili   sweet 
hoping to finish knitting a sweater today so i can wear it tomorrow!
wish we had a fireplace at home   this is so curling-up-by-the-fire weather 
"i think i'm supposed to do something, but damned if i remember what "
my <propfirst>'s gift - <propfirst> gagnon ran 9 5 <propmale> with me   now that's commitment!
it may have been a bad idea to consume a steady diet of conversation hearts this week 
"looking forward to a relaxing yet fun-filled three-day-weekend of dates: yoga; knitting; dinner; running; lunch; coffee, and whatever else happens to come along "
"playing mortal kombat with <propfirst> gagnon   ahhh, the romance!"
thinks a bucket of greasy chicken is in my near future 
today might just be the perfect day to visit kitties at the shelter 
"if someone were to make you a bundt cake, what flavor would you want?"
"i got a couple of hugs yesterday for international hug a librarian day, but today i got mobbed with them!  hugs might just be the best part of storytime   "
is a sucker for a good love story 
"oh, girl scout cookies, how i love thee!"
is at least gathering supplies for my wine cork board   maybe that means i'll actually get around to making it soon!
"is very very hungry, and that is making me very very cranky   i need a very very large bundt cake "
misses school so much that i think i'll just go back 
finds it somewhat disconcerting that my tea smells like cooked meat 
ahhh   a day off! a haircut is top priority today!
it is actually possible to forget how to ride a bike   i should ask that 5 y o  biking whiz down the street if she has an old set of training wheels she'd lend me   
would like to take a moment to brag that i took an official typing test and am able to type 95 wpm   be impressed   be very impressed   wink 
"doesn't know what's worse - being bored or being stressed   at this moment, i'm thinking boredom is worse "
off to enjoy some nature trail hiking!  hoping to see some snakes   
let us ride to   camelot!
could go for some hot canadian poutine right about now - extra gravy!
totally feels like playing battleship 
must have blown my nose 50 times today   how can anything be left in there?
baked bread this morning and am making peanut butter chip chocolate cookies right now   my house smells deeeeeelicious!
playing with a nook today!
"let's just skip friday so i can get to the weekend and enjoy: warm weather; quality time with <propfirst>; herping; running; tae <propmale>; bruins hockey; storms, etc   "
peeps!!
<propfirst> bacon is so hot in tremors 
"soon will be traveling to the exotic city of topeka for a library conference   oddly, i feel like i'm going on vacation   "
ellipticals are lame   recumbent bikes rule!
"might jog past the alpacas today, maybe see if there are any babies   just admiring, no intent to steal   *cough*"
thinks a mini marshmallow man would make a cute pet 
maybe this is the year i start an <propmale> garden 
"climbing cargo nets, leaping fire, slogging through mud pits   yep, today's the day i become a warrior   unless i chicken out   or my beard gets caught on barbed wire "
hooray for sisters!  mine are the awesomest!!
really tempted to take an emergency vacation day on friday so i can go to an alpaca shearing 
i'm going to do it - i'm going to audition for a play   excite!!
likes you   smile 
"can't wait for \hoodwinked too\""!!!"""
3-day weekends are miraculous things 
it makes complete sense to get up at 6:45 on a day off 
time to bake a cake - lemon with lemon frosting 
today is a good day to go fabric shopping and finally sew some curtains 
"it's 68 in my house, and i'm freezing to death even though i've got 3 layers and a blanket on   i'm such a wuss "
the 1 5 year-old <propfemale> cane in my desk drawer has saved me from starvation 
"planning to visit a vineyard and sample some wine this weekend, which hopefully will lead to the purchase of wine, which will then lead to the consumption of wine, which will make saturday a very good day "
today: purchase bedding for spare 'oom; run 6 <propmale>; go to wyldewood for wine tasting (blueberry wine!!!); watch the bruins flyers game 1; do some hardcore cleaning in response to seeing brown recluse #1 of the year 
it's not every day that the neighbors horses escape and go romping through my backyard   
needs to go sneaker shopping 
"i feel really, really good   this is awesome   i give complete credit to the ridiculously beautiful sunshiny day today   hello, vitamin d!"
"i'm ready for hiking season   mountains, please!"
"it's a beautiful day for nature walking (and herping!) in quivira, then enjoying a monster meal in yoder "
"i hate those aspca commercials (damn you, <propfemale> mclachlan!) because they make me cry every time   animals shouldn't be that sad   sad "
i want a muh-muh-muh-mudslide 
