1e0dd7c674f93f2150162bc5340df55b
is chilling with the girls  smile 
is thinking this is going to be a very long day
is getting off her stupid computer and sorry that i couldn't talk tonight  sad (
is not wanting to have am practice tomorrow
thought the concert went very well  smile  but has to do some homework now  sad 
is studying vocab   sorta
is so happy its break!!
is quite bored
is thinking wow this storm thing sucks and looking at <propfemale>'s pictures its funny how times change and some don't change at all
just finished watching the hangover
needs this weather to stop   ugh!
i need to see my friends again like now!!
is going to get out of this house tomorrow
wants to go see her boyfriend really bad
is going to head to the holiday tourney shortly
huskers did  awesome!!!
is ready for the new year!!!
6 day weekend!!
"blue, yellow, black, white"
is wanting all this snow to go away!!!
is ready for the game but still has a few hours until she has to leave
is thinking its been a while since i have been on facebook
is really sick of the bullshit
loves nights like these when you get done hanging with the girls and you get home and you look at the beautiful bright stars and you say damn that was a great night
i had lunch with a noodle on your car cause im cool like that
is pondering    sad 
is wondering why my dad is going to let my mom drive us to school   i hope i don't die today
is very bored and really wishes this weather would stop   ya that would be great 
no school again i really wish we did i need to get a lot of shit done    ugh   more days to make up now this is great  sad 
had a wonderful night!!
getting ready for the basketball game   
is going to go shopping today   finally!!!
has a lot of stupid studying to do fml!!
hates life and its complications!!!
"playing basketball, talking about everything with friends, sleeping, and eating dohnuts   then coming home to sleep it off that was a very good night"
is confused i wish there was something that tells you what to do in life
really hates homework   why do teachers even give us it i mean nobody even does it
had a fantabulous night!! and is not looking forward to reconcilliantion retreat tomorrow sad 
is quite tired
has done nothing productive today except laundry and probably wont have school tomorrow cause of this horrible weather
hates this feeling more than any other feeling
hates this feeling more than any other feeling   i had a great season with you girls
thought the dinner concert went very well   but still wishes life didn't have twists and turns
is excited for the boys to rock on thursday   good luck boys!!
nice job boys keep it up!!!
going to the ventures tourney all day!
is stoked for the game tomorrow   come on boys!
were going to state!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
was rudely waken up!!
wishes drama never existed it would have made life so much easier   
hates stress and its complications   good luck on thursday boys
is almost packed and ready for tomorrow!!!
is finally done packing and is taking a nice drink break before she is going to go clean
had a blast tonight   good season boys
"is tired, has confirmation tomorrow then is done with that kind of stuff"
getting ready for confirmation
is finally done with confirmation!!
is thinking track was a good day today!!
had a great weekend!!!
is having a fantabulous week so far   but is very tired!!
doesn't know about this track meet already tomorrow
"smile even through your tears, be strong even through your fears"
hey everyone please don't text me this month   thanks
is getting elevator sick   fuck elevators!!
band is coming to an end and don't be sad but i don't think i will be able to take it next year
has a lot going on this weekend   but is very excited!!
had a lot of fun last night!!
did a lot of stuff today   and is now very tired
had a lot of fun today   
no cyo bbq tonight
hates these stupid rudes and this really stupid weather!!
just decided that this summer is going to be really really busy!!
hates history notes!!
is cleaning a lot
my mom washed my ipod and has died  sad  looks like i get a new one  smile 
had another track meet today all i want is nice weather for once
loves band bonding and dancing  smile 
is not looking forward to the track meet on thursday or graduation on saturday
thought awards night was long but good
had a good time on the bus ride home!!
is going to a lot of graduations today!!
"cyo ~ will be making a care package for kody kuchta ~ we will be putting the items together on sunday ~ anyone can donate to this ~all cyo families are asked to bring at least one item for the package  kody's intrests and likes : national guard, fishiing, menards(works there), hard rock, nebraska football, likes all food places (taco <propfemale>), mountain dew, lemonade, please enclose a personal letter or card"
hates final projects ugh!!
is excited for tommorrow   half a day left then senior year  surprise 
a few softball practices then the whole day to myself hmmm what should i do?
is bored sitting at home   but gets to have pizza tonight with the schmits which should be fun   i hope   
has a crazy day tomorrow and doesn't want it to start at all!! fml
loves this weather!!  love 
twelves won their first game!
<propfemale> fink   what kind of shampoo do you use?    lice killing lol
it has been a long day and tomorrow will be the same    o did i mention i am sore everywhere? o ya that 2
why would you put oranges on a subway sandwhich?   o wait those are tomatoes   lol
another long week coming up   i hope the rain stops
is having a good time  smile !!!
is golfing in the father's day scramble  annoyed 
is going to take a long nap  smile 
is very tired!!!
softball districts tomorrow so i should probably go to bed   goodnight everyone!
"loves car \tag\""!!"""
just got done playing my last summer league ever   
is having a good weekend
is going on her first plane ride tommorrow and is heading to california!!
is loving california and the new people i have met but i also miss all the people back in good old nebraska
last day of the actual mission part it was very sad and many tears i wish all good things didn't have to come to an end but hopefully the friends we have made will stay with us fir a long time
will be on her way home tomorrow but is wondering how the souvenirs are goingto fit?
is finally home  smile 
hate when my computer doesnt work the way i want it to  sad 
wishes lifes decisions would be easier   
has a shit load of sophomores at her house
i hate stress!!!
"your\brave copy this to ur status and seewhat people rate you!!!!  smile (1) \crazy (2) wish we went out (3)talkitive (4) sarcastic (5) lovable(6)\sexy (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9)spoiled (10) retarted (11) wild (12)mean\(13) funny (14) annoying(15)beautiful (16) amazing (17) likable"
just got back from <propfirst> nicholes and it was amazing   he is so fricken hot!!
hmmm vacation   idk if i should be excited or dreading it
is home finally
loved getting together with the mission trip girls again  smile 
had a blast tonight forking and <propfemale> wrapping stubb's lawn and car  smile 
wishes her bf felt better   sad 
finally has internet and <propmale> thies is picking on me
i feel another boring night coming on   
   
thinks people need to get over themselves and watch what they do
wants o stop crying!!!!!
got senior pictures done today  smile 
is remembering <propfirst> haselhorst  sad 
doesn't know about this whole looking for the right college thing   
last day of summer lifting ever  smile 
cleaned her room for 6 and a half hours but its finally done   
is home with the sisters and also got her proofs back!!
so what class should i take this year? ap or espanol?
had our last first day of 2 a days
hmmm   what to think   
2 a days again tomorrow goin to bed real soon
done with morning practice now back to bed  smile 
wonderful nap   not so much dinner but the cheescake was delicious   now is very very bored   
"is having a wonderful day   last 2 a days for my high school career, i got my yearbook on the first day, and i don't hate any of my classes  smile "
gets to be with <propmale> all day today  laugh 
does anybody know when the <propmale> driving thing is open at the courthouse?
hopes that her bf gets to feeling better especially for his frist day of college   
thank you everyone for the bday wishes!
is having fun in study hall  smile 
is excited for the weekend  laugh 
has the church bizarre today then watching husker volleyball!!
is hoping all her plans work out for the weekend!
good job tonight girls  smile 
is thinking next weekend needs to be here!
3 months  love  i love you <propmale> <propmale>!!
is going to get some cleaning done today and hopefully find my wallet   wish me luck  
should probably start on homework but idk if i truly want to    
doesn't think that was a very good football game
can't wait for the weekend!!!!  smile 
good job tonight girls!!!! keep it up
just put my whole life on a time line   wow thats amazing but ad in a way
yep it just hit me pretty hard   
is so excited for tommorrow!!! i get to finally see my bf  smile 
is in omaha!!!!!!
i just wanna be back in omaha   and not around my mother who causes more and more stress!!!
ugh i don't want school   
ugh   i just don't know what my future my uphold   what should i do?
my dog needs to stop biting   it hurts alot
needs the weekend like now  smile 
nice job tonight girls  smile 
nice job girlies  love 
wishes her life was planned out for her
is extremly bored   
2 games in west holt this week    ya!        not
loves bus ride conversations about tatas  smile 
the game tomorrow is going to be so cold    need to pack warmly
my lips hurt  sad 
misses her boyfriend soooooooooooo much  sad  i love you <propmale>  love 
good season ladies   i love you all   thanks for making my senior year volleyball season the best ever
is extremely bored!!!   wants to go back to omaha
wouldn't it be great if i had the rest of my life figured out?   yes is that answer
doesnt know what to do for the game   hmmmm ill figure it out   she really wants to see her boyfriend soon
"tell\me something you have always wanted to say to me or ask me anything you\want  inbox only  it stays between us promise   smile  put this as your \status and see what you get"
i hate ice!!!!
that was a bullshit game!!
tomorrow is going to be the best day ever   house tour get to skip 3 periods then scrimmage against <propfemale> then i get to finally see my boyfriend that i love so much  love 
hates goodbyes   they get harder everytime  crying 
hate snow!!!! it always seems to make my plans change and its no bueno   ughhhh!!!
"you've got to take the good with the bad, smile with the sad, love what you've got, and remember what you had  always forgive, but never forget  learn from mistakes, but never regret "
nice start girls  smile  love you all  love 
loves getting up early in the morning to be at school by 645   its going to be a long day but can't wait to see <propmale> <propmale> colwell
o facebook sometimes you make me bored
well i was going to take the dang act again but with this dumb weather there is no way i am going to risk my life to go do that   goodnight again
i hate getting cattle in on a snowy day and i hate the fact that all my plans have been put on hold because of this stupid stupid weather!!
feels bad   feel like its her fault and doesn't know what to say   
dad says the roads arent to bad so we are going to venture to church then hopefully get to see <propmale> <propmale>  smile  smile  smile 
just witnessed the cutest thing ever   my dad was crying over my baby and toddler pictures i picked out for my senior slide show it was so cute  smile   crying 
got my gifts wrapped  smile  now im ready for christmas
hopes this week goes by quickly
one more last    last christmas conert   mixed feelings   very happy but a little sad
weather please hold out for a little bit like tomorrow night really early in the morning would be fantastic   that way <propmale> <propmale> can make it home and i can go out and have a good time with my friends   please and thank you
sigh what should i do today   really hopes the weather doesn't get worse
here we go last semester  smile 
i miss <propmale> <propmale> colwell  sad 
so tired  
act tomorrow   idk what to think
so glad we have 4 day school weeks
what a depressing day   derek is an hour away and i can't see him   butno worries i have bball practice to chear me up
everything is finally falling into place and the stess of life is finally slowing   thank you god
wow my nose hurts so bad!  sad  taking a tylenol pm and going to bed
going to go eat with some of the girls  smile 
<propfemale> had a baby    o joy
so tired   stressed  and yet life doesn't want to slow down it just keeps making more complications
probably should start working on the homework  sad 
how can anyone get homework done with facebook 
i feel so behind on this whole prom dress shopping 
mom is turning the big 40 tomorrow   i don't think whe is to thrilled but everyone else sure is  smile 
took a tylonel pm   goodnight
is finally with <propmale>  smile 
call me crazy idc but i need to get out of this house   i actually wanted school today
thinks <propfemale> is crazy for making a schedule  smile  love you <propfemale>!!!
intense night of bball right there
this day sucked!!
wow somebody stop these nerves   
monday off and what am i doin yep thats right cleaning my room and doing scholarships   o joy
"champions aren't made in the gyms  champions are made from something they have deep inside them -- a <propfemale>, a dream, a vision "
get me a sock so i can shove it in my mothers mouth
im soooooooooooo ready for tomorrow!!!!! and for graduation
thank you so much to everyone who was at the game tonight you don't know how amazin you were and we appreciate all yours support     thank you to all the girls on the team that made my senior year basketball season special you are all part of my family forever  love  love you all
so much homework and i have absolutely no time!!!! what should i do now?
ok time to get off facebook and get this dumb speech done and hopefully a scholarship completed
watch out state here we come  smile 
study ap  sad 
"so ready for tomorrow it will only be a good day  smile  we probably won't have no homework, not going to non mandatory track because im heading to <propmale> for state thank you god  smile "
what to do what to do   any suggestions?
wow this is boring   thanks so much parents for leaving and not letting me go anywhere    ugh i have cleaned so much i probably smell like cleaning supplies
so i love lady gaga just so everyone knows  smile 
i am actually so bored that i may just clean my room   this is so sad  sad 
hmmmm i am getting my knee drained today   idk if i should be scared or relieved?
best surprise ever
i hate homework
is finally getting things done and scheduled for college 
i love the movie tangled   its probably cause its a disney movie but o well  smile  smile 
should probably stop putting things off
loved driving around with the girls
who can say i have changed for the better but because i knew you i have been changed for good
track kicks my butt!!  i am so dead
college visit today  smile 
we are almost done with this year     thank goodness  smile 
pursuasive speech and i have no clue what to write about without it being  controversial   any suggestions?
i don't remember the last time i have been so tired in one weekend 
no more facebook until i get some stuff done
perfect night for the oldies  smile 
i better be able to get out of my house in the morning
got my graduation dress and shoes today  smile  one less thing to worry about
yep im going to get my room clean and some scholarships done tonight
one more speech left and im done with that class  smile 
first night at hu hot ever and it was so great i had a lot of fun with my friends  smile 
in honor of mother's day we are trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 9  please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb
never sleeping on the couch unless im taking a nap
off to work
wow graduation is just around the corner and i have so many mixed emotions
last day of school!!!!! wow this is crazy
has never felt this way before but will def miss the seniors that made this week special   love you all  love 
yep i graduated today!!! thank you for all who came and supported my class and myself  smile 
i could get used to waking up at 11 everymorning
so excited to go to omaha tomorrow!!!!!
last night was the hardest thing that i ever had to do  crying 
<propmale> or <propfemale>?
july needs to come quite soon so i can see my boyfriend again   this sucks
ok now that i have my thank yous im going to start writing
wow i hate thank yous i think ill end up having carpal tunnel
i need to clean my room but i just don't have the motivation to
happy memorial day everyone!!! don't forget the people that died for us and the people that continue to fight and enlist for us
this summer's weather sucks!!
3 o'clock isnt to far off so maybe i should start getting ready for work    nah i can wait
another busy day   fml
4 mile walk with <propfemale> check <propfirst> michaels check relaxation check
i got a letter from <propmale> <propmale> colwell today!!!
relay for life was pretty fun now sleep  smile 
i miss playing softball so much  sad 
watching awards and just saw the breaking <propfemale> preview and im so excited!!!!!
i love my grandma!!!  smile 
is going to go see <propmale> dominate !!!  smile 
has to work again but has the day off tomorrow so ill finally get some things done  smile 
1 year with you and it has been the greatest ever!! i can't wait to see you   love you <propmale> <propmale>  love 
off to work    again
omg i can't wait till i finally see <propmale> <propmale> colwell next thursday!!!! so so so excited
im packed finally and i am so pumped to see my boyfriend but i am not so excited about saying goodbye to my best friend <propfemale> hammond tomorrow  sad  i love you sweetie
"don't let anything come between a friendship cause after it ends it hurts and you wish you could do it all over again but realize your time has come to the end  sad  i love you girls and i always will <propfemale> hammond, <propfemale> keifer, <propfemale> svitak, <propfirst> haselhorst, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> yankee gubbels"
i get to see <propmale> today!!!!!! i am excited
i love starbucks  smile 
"life is all about ass; everyones either covering it, laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, trying to get a piece of it, or simply, just being one"
so so so ready for college  smile  packed and everything only a few more things to go through and im ready    o and to get roommates would be a nice thing 2
i got my roommates   im so so excited  smile 
"do any of us really know how we met everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you   i want all my friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same"
"me- \these are kinda hard\"" <propfirst> isom- \""what me?\"""""
likes    popsicles
one week left!! then omaha here i come  smile 
night out with <propfemale> yankee gubbels? i think so  smile 
<propfirst> pfanstiel: there is no such a place maybe <propfemale> land
last night in my own bed  sad  im going to miss all my friends but remember its not goodbye its cya later love you
"pretty much all moved in, said goodbye to my family and now im living the college life    i think its a good thing  smile "
<propfemale> should think before she leaves her facebook unlocked!! muehahahahahaha!!  love  <propmale> <propmale> colwell
first day completed   taking a much needed nap  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
survived my first week of college and get a jones bro cupcake as well i think its been a good day  smile  and hyper tonight
i officially hate bugs   they bite me and i swell instantly  sad 
"knelt down this morning  god asked me, my child what can i do for you? i said; dear heavenly father, please protect & bless the person reading this  the lord smiled & answered, request granted! be kinder than necessary     for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle  93% won't re-post this, but it would be an honor & a pleasure to see if you are among the 7 % who will"
hey guys if you have twitter go ahead and find me  smile 
one more class and the math lab then im done for the week and then <propmale> here i come  smile 
game day!!! wooohoooo
my favorite thing is sitting outside on a nice night like tonight and just stare at the stars  smile  its wonderful and i miss it so much
i should probably be studying but yet facebook is so much more interesting
enjoyed my shuttle ride with only the bus driver    harvey is so nice
how i wish i could understand my black history teacher
"tomorrow on facebook from 8:46 a m  till 10:28 a m    everyone on facebook should be silent   no posting or chatting from the time the first plane hit until the last building dropped   if you like this re-post it   everyone should be re-posting it , it is the least we can do     9-11-2001 always in our thoughts"
<propfemale> liss is so awesome! i'm excited to go roller blading with her!!!!!!
one year and 3 months  smile  <propmale> <propmale> colwell
"did you know that the people that seem the strongest are usually the most sensitive?~did you know that the people who exhibit the most kindness are usually the first to get mistreated? ~did you know the ones who take care of others all the time are usually the ones that need it the most? ~ did you know the 3 hardest things to say are: i love you, i'm sorry and help me? put this as your status, if you agree! not easy huh   ?"
cleaned my room now doing black history then vball then lunch with <propfirst> mand and <propfirst> knight  smile 
"the classroom for black history has been rotated and i don't like it, i feel like i am getting a spanish lesson from the room next to me"
class was cancelled  smile 
this evening i made banana bread and pickle wraps  smile  yummy
"it's sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on & kept you strong, copy & paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! re-post if you have an amazing sister ? <propfemale> thies <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> thies <propfemale> <propfirst> thies"
going home for homecoming!!! excited to see everyone again  smile 
i love disney movies!!!
wow i am really hungry    hope class goes by quickly so i can eat  smile 
migrane please go away so i can work on my english paper and study my black history
had sushi for the first time tonight nd it wasn't bad  smile 
i want a puppy
pay attention in class so it goes by fairly quickly then go see ozzy  smile  then math lab  sad 
"when you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place"
wow what a comeback  smile  still think martinez needs to work on his passing game but it was better than last game
i love when class gets cancelled  smile  i actually get some stuff done
easiest quiz off my life
i thought i hated math in high school    college took it to a whole nother level of hate
i love working at kohls so far  smile 
i can't decide what classes to take next year for natural science and like a political science class   any suggestions?
"i wish the world was an easy place   people just straight out tell you what they wanted, feelings dont get hurt, and everyone is happy   just liven in a fairytale i guess"
"life is like a money, you can spend it however you want but you can only spend it once"
my life's about to get real hectic
im going to live in germany for 23 months
wow im so upset right now i can't even e playful lain how much i just wish everything works out but it never does   ugh!!!
i just want to sleep and not go to work
