c8b7a99c284ea3d7f5dc9e70392c4942
happy year 2010!  smile  heres to a new decade   
excited for tonight  smile 
 smile   smile   love   love 
beach daaay  smile   love 
very very very good beach day  smile   love 
has a busy weekend  smile 
excited for tomorrow  smile  scottish highland games!
had a very fun weekend  smile  and now tired and sore from the gym
had a veryyy good night last night  smile 
happy 4th  smile  excited for the day!
had a veryyy fun 4th of july!  smile 
wants to go to the beachhh!
beach day tomorrow!!  smile 
getting ready for the daaay  smile  beach day!
i love summer  smile 
got nice and tan at the beach yesterday     smile  and having a very good day today! life is good  smile 
movies yesterday was funn  smile  and today should be a very good day as well!  smile   love 
had a very fun day with the family  smile  and now a bit excited for the moonlight tonight  happy sunday  smile 
going to the beach with my brother to see our little cousins  smile 
had a very fun day    and feels nice and healthy after running 3 1 2 <propmale> at the gym  smile 
 smile 
got my permit todaay!!!  smile 
needs prayer for her grandma    she just got out of a <propmale> surgery 
my grandma has not stabilized from her surgery  she may have to be taken to another hospital by helicopter  please please please pray for her   
"my grandma is in surgery now, please continue to pray for her "
"my grandma has finally, after many prayers, woken up!!  smile  she still has complications with her health and recovery process but thank you god that she has awaken "
going to go see my grandma    i'm excited to see her opened eyes  smile   love 
 smile   love 
got all her books for school    can't believe we start back in a week!  sad 
going to sea world tomorrow with my love and his parents!  laugh   love 
had so much fun at sea world  smile   love 
school tomorrow    yikes!
"school tomorrow, at least its the 18th  smile   love "
love love love  love 
loveeeees mondays  love 
happy birthdaaaay mom!  smile   love 
it's almost friday  smile 
"relaxing day  smile  eating dinner soon, then i need to study  then curling up and reading some more  love "
what a good weekend already! congrats <propmale> and <propfemale>!!!  smile 
babysitting!  smile 
homework 
homework homework study  so glad its almost the weekend!
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often or know each other that well, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished post this paragraph on your own status and you will be suprised what people remember about you!"
"i love saturdays  going to church tonight, anyone else?  smile "
good weekend so far  smile  hope everyone else is having a good weekend too!  love 
monday  smile   love 
so much stinkin homework    normally its only this way on thursday
greays anatomy season premiere!
so happy its the weekend  smile 
visiting my grandma and doing homework  love 
its hard to concentrate and do math hw while on facebook    time to get off 
"glad some guys out there are still gentlemen and are considersate in what they do and say, thank you, you <propmale> are great  smile "
fuel group time  smile  still so happy that i got the 3rd highest score in the class on my math test!
homework    its almost the weeeekend!  smile 
"my grandma is home after over 2 months of being in hospitals and a rehab center  so, so happy  smile       and tired "
"fun saturday  smile  hanging out with <propfemale>, christian, and <propfirst> all day!! i just hope i start feeling better   love "
feeling kinda sick     sad 
is going to disneyland tomorrow with christian and <propfemale>  smile  can't wait!!!  laugh   love 
disneyland today!!  smile 
"had lots of fun with christian, <propfemale> and <propmale>  smile  disneyland was really crowded but we still had a good day  smile   love "
today was a good day  smile 
wish i didn't have so much hw tonight 
had so much fun last night with my 3 best friends  smile  haven't laughed that hard in a long time  love 
going hiking tomorrow in idlywild with my family and christian for <propmale>'s birthday! happy 22nd birthday big brother  smile   love 
is back from a tough day of hiking and hanging out with my family  so tired 
has a lot to do today 
overwhelmed 
finals week is never fun 
study study study!!
finals went sooo good  smile  a full night of studying pays off! time to work on my take-home precalc final
done with my math final!!  smile  now i just have to go in tomorrow for a lesson  its so nice being done
bored 
"girls day! going shopping, lunch, nails,  and a movie with mom and my sisters  smile   love "
a year and a half  love   love 
has a stiff neck and can't move it to my right  but! i did get a's on all my finals  smile  and it's christian's birthday tomorrow!! say happy birhday if you see him!
i love minimum days  smile 
excited for today  smile 
had a good monday     smile 
"\heal my heart and make it clean  open up my eyes to the things unseen show me how to love like you have loved me\"""""
so much stinkin homework
study study study  annoyed 
its almost the weekend  smile  i'm loving this weather!!
happy halloween  smile 
is going ice skating for halloween!  smile 
monday!  smile   love 
monday monday monday  smile 
sooooo much homework  sad 
no tests tomorrow!  smile 
loves and is proud of her working man!  smile   love 
i love fridays  smile 
kinda hating precalc right now 
"getting help with math, then coming home and enjoying the monday that i loveeee  smile   love "
another great monday  love   p j  day tomorrow!!
so glad theres no school tomorrow!  smile 
wants the weekend to be here 
"distracted and hyper  not the best time for a writing part of an essay  result: checking facebook, of course   smile "
"\if you wanna leave i can guarentee you won't find nobody else like meee \"" i love uncle kracker  haha"""
does anybody know what time the meteor shower is at tomorrow night?  smile 
"he is jealous for me  loves like a hurricane, i am a tree  bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy     oh how he loves us so  love "
i don't like editing papers 
is anyone staying up for the meteor shower?  smile 
has a lot of homework to get done but not wanting to do it 
"\i like the way your everything i ever wanted \""  smile   love  1 year and 7 months tomorrowwww!!  smile   smile   smile   love !!!"""
1 year and 7 months  smile ))  love   love 
"sooo much work  sad  math test to study for, english powerpoint to do, vocab to do, and history homework  ugh!"
so overwhelmed 
the math test that i have tomorrow is going to kill me 
lots to do tonight    at least its almost thanksgiving break!  smile 
so glad its the weekend and thanksgiving break  smile  this week was killer 
lazy day  smile 
i am <propfemale> lucky  smile   love  surprised with roses tonight  smile ))  love   love 
looking forward to thanksgiving!  smile 
happy thanksgiving  smile  looking forward to a day with my familyyy
i loveee this weather  smile 
braces are coming off tomorrow!!  smile 
my braces are off!!  smile 
good first day back  smile 
friday tomorrow  smile  i loveeee christmas season
frustrated 
christmas lights are up!  smile 
had a really good day with family  smile 
rainy day  smile  i hope the rain lasts for tomorrow 
pretty much only 2 more weeks till my birthday  laugh  add two days to that and then its christmas!! now you can see why i love this time of year  smile 
can't wait to be on the 3 week christmas break!  smile 
fun day    especially since it was stalk a freshmen day  haha  smile  christmas break!!
setting up christmas decorations today!  smile 
come back rain!!  smile 
looking forwwardto this week! christmas shopping and disneyland!  smile 
birthday's almost a week away  smile  and christmas is a week and a little away!
going to disneyland tomorrow!! so excited  smile 
going to disneyland!  smile  have a great day everyone  love 
1 year and 8 months!  smile   love   love 
had funnn with <propfemale> and christian tonight  smile  happy 1 year and 8 months babes  smile   love   love 
my birthday is in 4 dayssss!  smile 
who's taking the sat test in january??
looking forward to tonight!  smile 
its almost my birthdaaaay  smile  and almost christmas!  love 
tomorrow!  smile 
is seventeeeen!  smile  thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday!! its was a great day and a lot of you made it even better!  love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile  hope you all have a great day!!
had a very good christmas!  smile 
hmmm what to do today     smile 
it's so nice to be home  but az was a lot of fun 
first new years <propfemale> spent with christian  smile  happy 2011!!
here we go again!
"i'd rather be with you, say you want the same thing too  love "
black!
a night with my best friends  smile   love 
"every little thing that you do, baby i'm amazed by you   love "
loveeee mondays  smile 
"finals, here we come "
"happy  smile  not really stressed for finals, they should be pretty easyyy  yay!"
done with history and english finals  smile  which means no more history and english till next year! now i have precalc final to study for   
precalc final sooooon  eesh!
done with finals! yay!  smile 
i deserve a reward after all my hard work and studying from this week    mani-pedi time!  smile 
congratulations mr  and mrs  boway!!!  smile 
had such a great day yesterday  congrats mr  and mrs  bowhay!!
1 year and 9 months!!!!  smile   love   love   love 
having a fun day  smile  i love only havidng 2 classes  especially on minimum day schedule  smile 
cannot believe the score i got on my english final  smile  104 9%!!! woooo  smile 
i loveee the rain  smile       and my baby  smile   love 
broomball tonight!  smile 
"love, love, love the notebook  love "
monday!  smile   love 
watching christian sing weird songs while doing motions to them too   smile  i love him soooo much  love 
this weeks going to seem extra long since the past 2 weeks have been finals and minimum dayssss  oh well  smile 
"\the best thing about me is you\""  love """
ms lieber's lime plate and marker award made my day  smile  haha love her and miss that class!!!
wants a little excitement 
grammy's tonight!
hmmm which celebrity do i look like?
i drove on the freeeeeway today  smile  ha
hit my head really hard    ouch!  sad 
"aw  smile   <propfemale>:  1  a girl with class, grace, poise and elegance 2  fun, always happy, lifts people spirits, and always spreads da love  3  an amazing girl who is in love with her best guy friend  she's smart, funny, pretty, and is really deep  talk to a <propfemale> if you get the <propmale>  they're amazing  smile   love "
no schoool till tuesday  smile  yes!
"mmm a cold, soon-to-be rainy, day off!  smile "
going to <propfemale> and the schools soccer game!  smile 
that was an exciting and very wet and cold morning  good job caimans  smile   valentines day planning!!  smile 
going to the movies with my family to go see dear <propfirst>!  smile 
love the people i was with tonight  smile   love 
i don't like making brochures 
"661 days together  i can't believe it, but really i can  loveeee  love   smile "
driving to michaels store!  smile  getting ready for valentines day!  wink   love 
making my heart for the heart game  smile  but this heart isn't up for grabs     wink   love   love 
665 days  love 
happy valentines day!!  love   love  such a beautiful day!
love never fails  1 corinthians 13:8  happy valentines day!!  love   love 
celebrating <propfirst>s day tomorrow with my <propfirst>!!  love 
"\i've been waiting all my life for you    i've been wishing on every shining star!\""  love  its valentines day  for christian and i!!  smile   love """
love love love!!  love   love 
so happy and lucky  love 
happy birthday <propfemale> holtel!!!  smile  22 months     love   love   smile 
"girls night, tonight! i'm excited  smile "
"had a super fun night with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and cailey  smile  i love you la la!! happy birthdays weekend!!  smile "
i love reading mine and christians old chat messages from like 2008   love   love 
coronado is beautiful! fun day with my mom  smile 
"i looked at you like the stars that shine, in the sky  love "
i hope this week will be better than last 
such a good day  smile   love 
it's your love  love 
678 days with my babylove and still the happiest i've been  smile 
"help find <propfemale> king: missing san <propmale> teen, help find <propfemale> <propmale>"
rip <propfemale> <propmale>  justice will be served  love 
<propfemale> <propfemale> for the weekend!!  smile 
"yes, you can hold my hand if you want to  cause i want to hold yours too   love "
in <propfemale> <propfemale> with my sibs!  smile 
your love's too good to be true  love 
<propfemale> vu is the craziest movie 
"tattoo your name on my heart, so it will remain  not even death can make us part  love "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile  please play along and repost this as your status!  smile """
my phone screen isn't working! not good  sad 
yes man and phase 10!  smile 
beautiful day today!  smile 
fun day at the beach!  smile 
i miss you!  love 
monday!  smile   love 
love this weather  smile 
can't believe finals are this week already! at least the weather is beautiful!  smile 
"finals, finals, finals, finals!          but it will be the 18th, so that makes it a little better  smile   love "
"1 year, 11 months!  love   love   love "
"no school tomorrow!  smile  done with finals, got a manicure with my mom today, and its 23 months  love  great day  smile "
i want the sun and warmth back!
monday!  smile   love 
christian and i just made yummy tortilla de canela treats for spanish tomorrow!  smile 
i'm so lucky  love 
"fun day with christian, <propfemale>, and <propmale>!  smile "
i love this weather  smile 
fun night!  smile 
beach day!
going boating with <propfemale>!  smile 
"i had such a fun day with <propfemale>  smile  boating, and laying out on a beautiful day!!"
"you're better than the best, cooler than the flip-side of my pillow, thats right  smile "
"i love you, not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me in the process   love "
i love bugging christian by talking gangsta  smile  haha
spending the day in irvine with christian and chartiy  smile 
"had a very fun past couple days with christian, <propfemale>, and <propmale>  and <propfemale> and <propfirst> tonight!  smile "
another week of spring break pleaseee
"happy eatster! thank you, jesus  love "
"easter was fun, but i wish i could've spent it with christian  he's getting over the tummy flu   sad "
being put to work on wedding invitations!
is sick  sad  chicken noodle soup and crackers are the only things that seem to agree with my stomach 
lucky i'm in love with my best friend  love 
wants the sunshine back!
cheering on my sister at the carlsbad 5k!  smile 
how did i get so be so blessed?  love 
i have the most amazing boyfriend  ever  love   love 
how sweet it is to be loved by you  love 
yay my mom and i have matching hurt burnt fingers  smile 
"i'm tired of school  can it please be summer, now?"
"went to a self-defense class today with my mom and sister  you should all go to one girls, you can learn a lot to protect yourselves!  smile "
two years with the most amazing person ever  love   love   love 
happy happy happy 2 years  love   love 
disneyland today!!!!!  smile   love 
disneyland was so fun yesterday   smile   love 
there's always that one person that will always have your heart  love 
loves her momma  love 
friday friday friday  smile 
another great night with hummer  love 
sisters throwing our soon to be sister a bridal shower!  love 
oh when you smile at me  love 
1 corinthians 13:4-8  love 
"what you got boy, is hard to find  smile "
so lucky  smile   love 
"stinky sat tomorrow, early in the morning!"
so glad that the sat is over  smile 
cause i love the way you say good morning  and you take me the way i am   love 
"1,2,3,4 tell me that you love me more  love "
this weather is so great  i want to be outside all day!  smile 
"as we continue to change with age, there is\one thing that will never change  i will always keep falling in\love with you   love   love "
national day of prayer!
<propfemale> barbaraaaa!!  smile 
"my brother, a 2nd lieutenant officer of the united states <propfemale> corps!!  love "
"i love my grandma  thank you, god  love "
"love, love, love my grandma  love  she is so strong"
times like these when you realize whats really important  love 
"california girls, we're unforgetable  wink "
25  smile   love   love 
is excited for this weekend!  smile 
fashion valley with my mom and sister today!  smile 
stupid hundred <propfemale> long fan site links!
"thankful, excited, and blessed for sooo many reasons  smile   love "
monday  smile   love   love 
"\junior unity day\"" sounds so corny  at least that means no actual school  smile  what are we supposed to bring for the day then?"""
i love beach days  smile 
had a very fun filled weekend  smile  and now preparing for finals day!
"they called them crazy when they started out \\said seventeen's too young to know what loves about  love "
they called them crazy when they started out  said seventeen's too young to know what loves about  love 
two days left of school  smile  no finals for me on friday so my last day is thursday!
"my one and only final today, then i am on summer break!  smile "
"\schoooools out for summer!\""  smile """
went to the <propmale> mar fair media party with the sibs tonight!  smile 
beach day!  smile 
having a brother as a <propfemale> definitly means that you will always have a hard workout at the gym   smile 
completely exhausted 
excited for today!  love 
such a fun day  smile  just what i needed!  love 
can it please get warmer? its summer!  smile 
i've got sushine on cloudy day  smile   love 
"love, love, love nights like this  love   wink "
go lakers!  smile 
busy day!  smile 
girls night!  smile 
i love you funtastic four girls  wink   love 
father's day at the beach with the family was fun  smile 
"hello, summer  smile "
beach day!  smile   love 
funnn day at the beach  love 
gym and pool day  smile 
perfect day in the sun  smile 
"so if you need a love and a friend, baby i'm in  love "
on our way to lake poway!  smile 
moonlight amphitheater for fireworks with babykins and family!  smile 
here we goooo  smile  wish me luck!
has her license!!!!!!  smile   smile 
time to celebrate with some friends  smile 
jazz night in the park with family  smile 
happy birthday to one of the greatest woman in my life  smile  i love you grandma  love   love 
i love having my license and getting to drive all over town  smile 
gymmm  smile 
not looking forward to having 4 less teeth and a chipmunk face  sad 
carlsbad with christian  love   smile 
"carlsbad, a beautiful day, beach cruisers, cessy's, and christian    need i say more??  smile   love "
i'm a wittle chipmunk with four less teeth  sad  but i do have a good nurse  thanks momma  love 
pool day at my grandparents with family!  smile 
hollywood!
they called them crazy when they started out     love 
"\love is friendship on fire\""  love """
fun night  love  excited about the weekend!  smile 
grandma's surprise party was a success!  smile  and very very fun!
you are the best thing that's ever been mine  love  loveeee t swift!!
my moms surprise party was a succes!  smile  now we get to enjoy a week in carlsbad  smile   smile 
"such a nice day tanning, swimming, and relaxing  smile "
excited for dinner and jacuzzi sesh with the girlsss!  smile 
i love vacations  smile  even if i'm just 20 minutes from home
so excited about my day planned with christian  smile   love 
"a surprise picnic, arcade room, and lots of swimming   smile  so lucky to be in love with my best friend  love "
"i remember how we felt sitting by the water, and everytime i look at you it's like the first time"
exciting plans ahead!  smile 
"i'm excited for senior year! and about my schedule, and for it all to start!!  smile "
happy to still have one week of summer  smile 
"registration: check  smile  now it's time to pack for washington!!\ but first, a dr app for some nasty looking bug bites  sad "
i strongly dislike packing    but i am excited for the trip!  smile 
packed and ready!  smile  excited!!!!!
scavenger hunt in seattle!  smile  its so prettty here 
my brother is getting married tomorrow! we have the rehearsal and party tonight!  smile 
it's the big wedding day!  smile 
i'm coming home today!!!  smile  it's so pretty here but i miss <propfemale> california and my babies   smile 
las vegas to san <propmale>! in a hour i'm homeeee  smile 
i'm so happy to be home  first day of schoool tomorrow! i can't wait  smile  senior yeaar!
first day was a piece of cake  smile  and driving in christian's car definitely added to the fun  smile 
what to do for senior project     no clue!
"happy birthday to my amazing momma, <propfemale> <propmale>! i loveee you  love   smile "
yay i know what i'll be doing for senior project!  smile  excited about helping out otb!!
buy a yearbook! they are going to look the best yet this year!  smile 
small groups tonight  smile  i'm excited!
welcome home mr  & mrs  <propmale>!!  smile 
senior pictures tomorrowww!
you small group gals are amazing!  smile  good talk tonightttt  love 
thank you for being youuu  love 
you small group girls always put me in the best moods!  smile 
church time!  smile 
perfect day so far  smile 
"power is out at my house  sad  which means it is going to get very hot, very fast over here!"
small group night out tonight @ las olas  smile  yummy food and great company!!
tonight was sooo fun  smile  love you girls  love 
dinner plus the football game with my girls!  smile 
"fun night  smile  so happy for miss <propfemale> true, rbv homecoming <propfemale>!"
day with my sister and friends baking and relaxing  just what i needed 
this weather is the perfect get in your pj's early and snuggle up with a blanket weather  i love it 
small group time! so excited to see and catch up!!
this week has been one of the best in a while  i hope it keeps up  smile 
really good day  i'm lucky     love 
such a good morning with <propfemale> and day my grandparents    love them so much  love 
love days like this   
two and a half years with my best friend  love   love 
i'm so blessed to have spent two and a half years with you  love   smile 
"i was surprised today with \u + me = homecoming?\"" cupcakes and a cute poem from my amazing boyfriend  smile   love  and its his birthday tomorrow! i'm excited for what i have planned for him  love """
making sure that my best friend is going to be so spoiled on his birthday  love 
happy birthday to two of my best friends christian <propfirst> and <propfemale> witschger  smile  love you both so much  love 
it's hard to focus and do homework since i haven't had to come home with hw at all so far 
"such a fun weekend  celebrated christian's birthday, celebrated <propfemale>'s birthday, girls night, and senior pictures @ presidio park   smile "
help! i am in need of costume ideas and a good place to get our corsage boutineer   
final tomorrow! trying to focus and study but it's not working out so well   
"my one and only final was a piece of cake, fun afternoon with my best friend afterwards, and now that i am home i see that my senior pictures have arrived!  smile  good day  looking forward to small groups   love "
a week of no school    so happy  smile 
"brother's week    if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck upfor you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw youfail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, someone you can't do without, copy and paste this to your status  love you big brother, <propmale> <propmale>  smile "
getting excited for homecoming    even though its still a week away  ordered our corsage boutineer today and they are going to look sooo nice   love 
excited for tonight!  smile 
"\let's wear as little clothing as possible\"" day = halloween    sad """
homecoming in two days  smile 
tired of feeling sick 
"pounding migraine, please go away  i've had even of you for one day and i'd really like to sleep   "
homecoming today!!!  smile  sooo excited
homecoming was so much fun   smile   love 
"\i love the way you call me baby  and you take me the way i am   \""  love """
excited for a girls night with my small group!  smile 
happy veterans day! i'm proud of my grandpa who served and of my brother who is currently serving  i love you both and am so thankful for your services   love 
why do we have to go to school tomorrow? none of my teachers are even going to be there   
they called them crazy when they started out  love 
"really, really wants tswift's new album     smile "
buy a yearbook    they are going to look sooooo good  smile 
serving tonight @ the michaelle house with my small group ladies  my senior project will then be complete!  smile 
such a great e playful erience tonight at the michaelle house  thank you so much small group! love you girls  smile 
you are my best friend    31  love   love 
absolutely love this weather
"it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  love never fails  corinthians 13:7-8  love "
date day with christian  love   love 
so much fun today  i am so blessed  love 
i will be an adult in one month exactly!  smile 
so many things to be thankful for  happy thanksgiving!  smile 
seaport village tonight! christmas season has begun  smile 
looking forward to tomorrow soooo much  smile 
i love days like these spent with christian  love  so lucky and happy  smile 
gooooood day  love 
"\god made man small and the universe big to say something about himself    the disporportion between us and the universe is a parable about the disporportion between us and god\"" - don't waste your life"""
looking forward to pj day tomorrow! the perfect spirit day for a friday  smile 
9 days until my birthday! and 11 days until christmas!  smile 
wrapping christmas presents while listening to some christmas music    the best 
christian is honestly my best friend  spent over half of our day laughing and acting like little children  love it  love 
"friends, you are the best  thank you for an amazing night!  smile "
looks like the sun will be poking out just in time for my birthday  smile  5 more days!!
i have the best boyfriend ever  love 
movie day with christian  love 
tomorrow!!!!  smile 
it's almost my birthdaaaaay!  smile 
christian is taking me somewhere for a birthday surprise tomorrow afternoon    i'm excited!  love 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  smile  love you guys  love 
"i had one of the best birthdays  movies, quality time, and yummy food!! christian got me a watch! and my parents got me an ipod touch!!! i'm liking being 18 already     smile "
mwrry christ-mas <propfemale>!  smile 
mele kalikimaka everyone!!  love 
on fb from my new ipod touch!!!  smile 
who has skype??  smile 
"fun day in carlsbad with christian, skyler, & <propfemale>  smile  here comes a long night!"
riding quads and dune buggies with cousins!
"today: horse riding, quads, and trampoline  but a storm is coming!"
its snowing!
you and i have something different  love 
not looking forward to waking up early and school tomorrow   
school today & christian sick at home w  the stomach flu is not a good combo 
school without christian    not fun  seeing him after and bringing him pomegranate popsicles    the best  smile 
senior project portfolio- check!  smile 
116
i'm so lucky to have christian  he's the best   love 
starting my job this week at shadowridge!  smile  so excited 
2 years & 9 months!  love  crazy 
"so excited but nervous at the same time  wish me luck! today, i am a working lady  smile "
first night of work was absolutely crazy but i loved it  a 9 hour banquet shift  my feet hurt to say the least   
"\we love because he first loved us \"" http annoyed  bible us 1john4 19 niv"""
does anyone have a words with friends account? play me-hannahmonroe  smile 
work today at 9! let's see what i'll learn today  smile 
long day at work again  8+ hours  but i got my first ever pay check!!!  smile 
i love my job  smile 
perfect day    i'm a lucky gal 
"last night at work we had a banquet for the vista commerce, big shot congressman <propmale> issa was there too! i got to serve him appetizers, his entrée, and his drink    pretty cool   smile "
this weekend went by way too fast  at least tomorrow is monday  smile 
off to work today  smile  let's hope there's a lot of golfers out! it's a beautiful day  wink 
best day at work  smile  but i am really wishing christian didn't have work tomorrow  sad 
san <propmale> zoo or wild animal park? which one is better?
happy valentines day  love  celebrating before c goes to work  smile 
is the heart game tomorrow??
loving the rain and cold  if only i could snuggle up by a fire and relax instead of write an essay 
christian is the best  i'm sooo lucky  smile   love 
it seems like this weekend has flown by  probably because i've spent most of it working  i don't consider that a bad thing though  smile 
a very fun day with christian  smile  i think i'm getting sick though  sad 
work  church  movies  friends  christian  today was a very good day  smile 
so excited about seeing <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propmale> in <propfemale> may 2-7! i cannot wait to see both of you!!!!!!  love 
a weekend full of work  and it's not over  back at it tomorrow at 830 in the am 
rough day 
<propmale> 29:11
just now got off work! long night  i'm exhausted 
every day is a battle  ugh 
"greater things have yet to come, and greater things are still to be done here "
what was the band's website from tonight again?
"in all things god works for the good of those who love him, who are called according to his purpose  romans 8:28"
some days i really really love my job  smile 
and my god will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in jesus christ  to our god and father be <propfemale> for ever and ever  amen  philippians 4:19-20
"and i realize just how beautiful you and are how great your affections are for me  oh how he loves us, oh   love "
all i can say is: ugh   
trust in the lord with all of your heart and <propfemale> not on your own understanding  proverbs 3:5
no one can even begin to understand   
