6c0868241ff783f5c8cfc85246e1292c
"\and all i want is to rock your soul\""  bad mood """
loves her 
<propfirst> is super amazing and i love her!
just sent a letter into la ink casting call  smile )
well we're at the point where im waiting for you to reply  those few words i need to hear  to keep my sanity i say goodnight for now 
poof there it goes   
is looking for someone to shock her with a conversation
"\deep in the darkness my heart still sees everything that i'll never be behind these eyes i'll go everywhere\"""""
just hit the submit button for my college application  so nervoussss
thinks someone should say hello  smile 
is very disappointed in people
loves the office
got accepted into seattle university!!! 11:11 works after all  oh my godddd
i didn't feel an earthquake   
mehhhh  sad 
pride 2010  laugh  so close
hmmmm  my problem    i'm clingy  sigh  late start slash work tomorrow  night
i'm trying to figure out the name of a cartoon where in the opening the kid is riding a tricycle up a huge staircase  and chacha's ignoring me!! does anyone know?
i love my girlfriend
my mom bought me pretty in pink!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  going bogo shopping  awesome morningggg
um   
follow me  down the streams of sweat on your body  can’t believe
how i wish you could see the potential  the potential of you and me  our loves like a book elegantly bound but in a language that you can't read 
he makes me so fucking mad!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propmale> show on monday  go see my drawing  smile 
doesn't feel happy
"when i don't keep my mind busy,i think about it  when i think about it, it knocks the wind out of me  can't sleep  pride tomorrow"
phoenix pride!! let me know if i'll see you there  smile 
i love <propfirst> more than one million bright sunflowers
feels unwanted
blah blah blah    annoyed 
where'd she go? hmm
going to bed with a heart barely beating  can't breath
tattoo tomorroww  so nervous  permanently altering my body  eep
sitting at the tattoo place  here's hoping  don't chicken out!
did it! didn't cry  wink  looks awesommmmme  dads mad though  wink 
good hookah places? let me know  wink 
had the best birthday ever thanks to her friends that texted her and her amazzzing girlfriend  wink 
feels like a blob  yup  b  l  o  b  --- cleaning!
formspring me proudtolove           ask me!
can't sleeeep
formspring me proudtolove  smile 
at a drive in movie with my favorite girl  aw yay  smile 
had an awesome night with her girl  smile 
"dear porcelain and the tramps, you make my heart sing"
formspring me proudtolove  smile 
sheriff <propfirst> arpaio for govener  i'm leaving
http annoyed  www formspring me proudtolove
 sad 
roller derby on saturday anyone?
   you're funny! kiss me  smile 
work tomorrow  sleep friday  roller derby saturday with my girl and drake  smile    then 30 seconds to mars with my girl and <propfemale> on sunday  laugh  also national peircing day  smile 
 sad 
<propfirst> totally snapped my bra strap  surprise  i'm plotting my revenge now
i love my stats class  wink 
whatever
this weekend is going to be of epic proportions
is upset
had a good time last night wink   tonights only going to be better
i don't feel well
does anyone want a long haired chiuaua? he's going to the humane society on wednesday  hoping to find him a good home
"dear <propfirst> mraz; please come to phoenix to play a concert  i don't ask for much  and i'll buy two shirts and a cd if you do  signed with love, <propfirst>"
i don't understand why girls get mad when other girls have sex with their ex    your broken up
my sister eats literally everything in the house  so dumb
whatever man  sad 
anyone else sitting at home like a loser on a friday night? i'm starting a support group 
feeling unwanted   night
going to work  gunna kill a bitch
last day of highschool and i'm sick  yup karmas a bitch 
she's so funny  wink  makes me giggle
okay we can get some cranes and lay down a giant paracute over the place  everyone can sit on that  or just nuke the place? (bonus points to who knows what movies this is from)
can't sleep!
is thankful for <propfemale> at this very moment  how i love her ability to jump into bestfriend mode everytime i need her
i hate that me loving you hurts me so much
who all got far out new laptops for graduation??me!!
my wifi won't work  sad 
i'm going crazy  this isn't working 
today turned out to be fantastic  smile 
eh
everyones out of town  sad 
"oh what the heck---- if you like this status, i will post something i like about you on your wall  make this as your status only if you want a challange!!"
i still remember a year ago   smile  happy 1!  smile 
 frowny  i miss you
can't wait to see splice!
i want another tattoo
i just want to know you're thinking about me
 sad 
everything is okayy
not in a good mood
i think <propfirst> should let me pay to get her nails done 
is done neglecting her friends now  sorry guys  smile  love you all 
going to see splice today  smile 
my poor sister  sad ((
saw splice today     what the fuck??
this thinking about changing her mind and going for the tramp stamp hahaa
whatever man
on skype  these networking sites bore me  lets talk!
i miss <propfirst> marchiony
you know   the world has no way of cleaning itself   that's why there's so much dust!  *bonus points to anyone who knows this*
so nice outside
i'm sorry
i have a confession     i'm a closet <propfemale> kutcher fan    damn
"seattle, wait for me i'll be there soon  and don't have too much fun without me "
battle in seattle is the best movie everrr!
i'm so mad right now
i know where i'm getting my tattoo!!!
fuck you pro prop 8 supporters  damned close minded bigot losers  ugh  i'm unnatural? you wish your vanilla sex was half as good 
i loove xxx only the first one though  second one sucks
just ordered my prayer beads  smile  aanndd i love <propfirst> marchiony  smile 
what the fuck? bad night  
i don't know my schedule yet but i've been assigned to naus mcconnell dorm  woo  i think?
new phone!! i need your <propfirst> though  sad  ps  iphone sucksss
"i love you, but you make me wish i didnt"
pumping myself with caffeine   
fuck  is all i want to say  fuck everything
you never loved me  and im sorry i wasted my time trying to make you
sigh --deep breath
tylenol pm here i come
"death cab, heading to the mesa centre for contemporary arts, i love <propfemale> stark  wink "
i'll always love you
im so sad   but not for the reason youd think    im just wholely and deeply sad   so weird  
so confused   sigh
i almost changed my mind
is officially unemployed  smile  good day fo sho  aannnddd i got two of the best movies today!
aww fireworks  smile 
the imaginarium of doctor parnassus !!!! i neeeed to see it!
i dont like not being able to get email on my phone  sad  i miss so much
ow is everyone today?
my is my wall saying i answered questions about people? i didnt answer any questions  playful 
anxiety is pumping through me
goooooodmorning facebook
doctors tomorrow!!! text me facebook  smile 
mad
tired of the illegal immigration law talk
whateverrr  annoyed 
"dear life, stop boring me to death   on a lighter note, today was fun  smile "
i wanna go shopping
free slurpies at 7-11!! why are there no 7-11's close by  sad 
survey says!    youre a jerk 
<propfirst> marchiony likes <propfirst> bieber
anxiety  sad  someone text me
hello my facebook friends  smile 
trying to like away we go
bicentennial man  wink  a night at home  ah  smile 
"2 hours, 26 minutes till silversun pickups ah  smile !"
"holy crap  silversun blew my mind  best freaking show ever  <propfirst> almost died though, but she felt better soon "
in need of an adventure
has decided shes not ready for nau  
please ignore my momentary super annoying campus <propfemale> wall posts  wink 
not happy at all  what the fuck?
anxiety 
is pretty happy  dorm has been switched to tinsley  smile  roomie assignments going out this week  smile 
where is that <propfirst> of mine?
got my room assignment and my roomie  smile  its all comin together now
night facebook  tomorrow will be a better day
heres hopin for rain!
going to see how to train your dragon with <propfirst>  shhh its a suprise  wink  text me!
i cant believe it but i actually just checked out  b  and goddd   melted my brain  too many anti social weirdos out there  ewww *shudders*
"\maybe shes a homophobe  \"" now jaimes got me all stressed out  sigh"""
friday  smile  going to be a calm day of cleaning and getting my toes done  smile 
anxious all the time  watching children of men  text me!
"i'm going insane, must be time for sleep  goodnight  love "
haha cant sleep  an old anime show just popped in my head  anyone remember ronin warriors? i am now searching to watch online
is looking for a pair of rainbow dc at-2 shoes to replace my old ones  anyone know of a good place to buy or of style shoes?
is sooo upset!! my poor shoes  sad 
"in washington for about two hours now, and i already hate it  ughhh  eight more days to go"
"spent my 1st day being ignored, listening to snickers and jokes about a closet gay, and getting yelled at because my sister is a liar "
wooooow  i was so dumb hahah
"always so anxious  i cant keep my mind busy enough, what is wrong with meee "
just went to the movies and saw   well         twilight numero 3  and didnt hate it  ah how the mighty have fallen   haahahah
sigh i believe she may be ignoring me
meh
"back to good ol ugly mesa, az  the only good part is getting to see you "
prop 8 has been repealed! still a long journey ahead but a step in the right direction  smile 
tomorrow shall be fun!!!!!  smile  movies this weekend  wink 
"why yes i did choose to be gay, just to piss you off and ruin the institution of your marriage  youre welcome    laugh  going to open house tonight  meet me there"
i wish there was a way to erase my whole wall and start fresh  hmmmm
"bored, i miss my xbox and late night fable playing  sigh hahaa"
off to watch 8 again  it makes me cryy
i do try  so very hard to love all of mankind  mankind just doesnt always love back
i laugh at your face
finally got my nau schedule!!!! im a business <propmale> and i have no business classes   in fact   i dont have much
thinks <propfirst> marchiony is swell
my room is feels empty without you
blahblahblah 
why is myspace trying to be facebook?  sad  i cant even like it anymore its so annoying  bring back old myspace please so i can enjoy both sites
youre the o to my oreo
ugh!!!! freakin giant spiders! end of the world is near i swear  in a creative mood  i might draw  smile 
 sad 
i hope friday never comes
is not going to nau  so there
"dearest nau, \\fine! ill still go to school  but im leaving to somewhere better next year  this year better be fun  i hate you\ \signed with hatred, <propfirst>"
good ending to the night  smile 
and her mom are being investigated for fraud by victorias secret  oh what a week ive had  off to tell my dad to call the bank!
ah  annoyed  friday is here   have to get up in five hours and say goodbye to <propfirst>  sad  nightt
"at nau!! my peeps up in flag, hit me up!!!!"
has hurt feelings  hopfully tomorrow will be better
what a blur
is getting used to college  smile 
"each night it ends too soon\you don't hold me like you used to\and your eyes look like they've seen too much\it's always some excuse\too tired, too obtuse\you look so far removed,\this time i fear i'm losing you"
is not going to my first class today cuz im a rebel   laugh 
i really miss some people  sad 
so happy for this weekend  smile )
sooooo apparently sudafed and dayquil arent supposed to go together   damn
<propfirst> will be here in thirty minutes!!!
college is awesome  smile 
the l word marathon with my roomie this weekend  smile  join us!
i hate when i actually pay for food and its grossss
annoyed  off to enviromental science  smile 
i thought today was gunna suck but it isnt  know why? pumpkin spice is back at starbucks!
blahblahblah  meh
"everyones too busy tonight haa  off to go watch \did you hear about the morgans?\"""""
still mad  today will consist of maybe getting food  pjs  and the l word  smile 
wait    are people actually burning the qur'an today? what is this?
someone has some serious sucking up to do
is going crazy!!
everyone sleeps too much
wowwww  the word bitch comes to mind 
going to give today a fresh start  smile  of to lunch and target  smile 
its times like this when alllll i can do is laugh hahahaha
is gorgeous
a little down again 
blahblahblahh
philosophy rocked  smile  my theories were finally appreciated  off to do laundry
goddddd i love tea
"god i just love college so much, i want to double <propmale> and have a minor!! do i have the time and money?"
have mercy and just kill me noww
"\im your huckleberry  i play that game\""\",6c0868241ff783f5c8cfc85246e1292c,hah   haha   hahahahahhaahha  ahem   bahahahaah
just got a package from <propfirst>  shes my favorite  smile    love 
not feelin too hot  wish i had some chicken soup!
is having a bad day
my night just got a little bit better  smile 
ive heard it all before 
ah relivin the good old days with kottonmouth  wink  breakfast time yo  lets talk today
ocean's 11  smile 
watching the l word with my roomie  smile  come by!
needs a change
"okay   deep breath, smile, and start over; everythings going to be okay  i have an awesome roommate sigh "
is not having a good day  
my mind was just blown with mayyy to much information on cats  love 
is having an awful weekend thanks to her
"dear facebook, it has been a long day and i think it is time for bed  goodnight  love "
off to go get some academic advising!! let me know how youre doing  wink 
is now officially an <propmale> minor  smile 
wants to watch waking life  sad  someone help me out?
"you used to do a little but a little won't fly\right before you hit your prime\thats when we fell in love but not the first time"
do me a favor  distract me so i dont have to clean!
blahblahblah
doesnt feel well   woo lab today!
off to michaels!
nau career fair ovtober 5th  the peace corps is going to have a booth set up  laugh  go ask questions!
anyone want to help me find some non profits?
lies lies  as always
"sigh, artistic failure today  <propfirst> tomorrow   today!  smile  night facebook"
had a confusing morning   
ruined
is crazy
just had theeee best weekend  ah
i understand so much more now   i wish you would have just talked to me
cant sleep
\i couldn?t face a life without your lights\,6c0868241ff783f5c8cfc85246e1292c,i need a walk   but a walk with no ipod is just excersize sigh
first firdays flagstaff style tomorrow  wink  gunna go party it up with local artists  laugh 
katies a man now!!!
hm   hell if i know
"listening to angry alanis morissette music, yesss"
\one of these mornings\,6c0868241ff783f5c8cfc85246e1292c,<propfirst> payne is ridiculously and amazingly incredible  i wish to be as awesome as him; which e playful lains the recent changes that have come about in my life  see photos for details 
"<propfirst> payne  payne wishes he were cool enough to be me, hence why he took over my facebook, its quite sad actually   smile "
"stumbling through the dark with a broken heart, all alone at it once again\seeping in like a feeling you haven't felt since way back when"
is listening to   him yeah i said it
"she had the eyes of an angel\with a heart like a traitor\and a gun with a trigger\in her hand pointed at her"
totally   definantly   might get a tattoo this week
damn! i have an e playful ressionism to finish!!
too   early   
oh cute us what we aim for  how i would love to fall asleep listening to the curse of curves  nap time
ugh  why?
is turning self mutilation into a fine <propmale>
it was going to look so bomb  sad ((
"no really, what the fuck?"
off to classes  feildtrip in the storm today woo!
"just walked through shooting hail, cant breath, but found my mala!!!!"
today deserves a giant f
"hey you! i like you and you should ask me out    \\   someone will appraciate my charm one of these days  wink  night facebook"
has a song stuck in her head
what an une playful ected good night  wink 
baym!
i would just like to crawl back into bed now   thank you
jackass 3d friday!! words can not describe   
ughhhh! i need an organizer  completely forgot my family was coming in this weekend
<propfemale> <propfirst> thrush is a baby and needs to keep her side of the room clean!
nothing makes my day like yahoos news blurbs on their home <propfemale>   smile 
jackass   epic
<propfemale> <propfirst> thrush says my ego needs deflating    she is grouchy this morning
as much as i love you   teenage mutant ninja turtles are way better   love 
going to oak creek today  laugh  looks like another rainy lab 
why is facebook showing me status and activity updates from people im not even friends with?
will not do her homework
"paranormalmovie com, paranormal activity 2 trailer  watch to 45 seconds, rewind to 40 seconds and pause        this movie is going to be freaking awesome"
"has decided not to go to class today, and instead will crawl back into bed and wait for miss <propfemale> <propfirst> thrush  to get hungry so i can make her breakfast "
"i drift away to a place, another kind of life -- take away the pain, i create my paradise"
nothing beats a day sitting in the room with my roomie  <propfemale> funny  talk yo  wink 
"floating by listening to <propmale> nathanson (thank you mommy), finishing a picture for <propfirst> norfleet  love  (suprise!), and waiting for <propfemale> to wake up so i can make some grilled cheese  add to my magnificent day and say hello "
should have just gone to <propmale> school  sigh
will be forever greatful to anyone who will bring me a colorful set of oil pastels so i can draw some <propfemale> <propfemale> trees  smile 
just went to a buddhist meeting and got some meditating done  smile 
is in the market for a new roommate  any takers?  wink 
<propfirst> norfleet is getting the best christmas present ever! what a lucky bestfriend i have 
an acoustic cover of <propmale> airplane    i dont think i can pull this off
"no offence facebook, but myspace has a new updating coming out, if i like it   im leaving you  love "
"secondhand serenade, why have i neglected you?"
"tell me, tell me what makes you think that you are invincible  i can see it in your eyes that youre so sure "
so our ra was like camped out at our door chatting with her friends    doesnt she have her own room in a different hallway she can <propfemale> out at?
is so ready to move on with my life   
actually did an assignment for philosophy  score!
in 2008 i dyed my hair blue for obama    i wish i had a bowl to smoke for prop 203
"excuse me while i get killed softly, my heart slows down, i can hardly tell you im okay "
"god, all i want is some fast food"
sick  annoyed 
just ate medicine with duck heart in it  take that flu!  love 
mmm some soy milk and <propfemale> joplin  life   is  good  sick or not
"some nights id just like to scream, then i find comfort in the silence"
done with classes for the day  time to sing some <propfemale> joplin and clean my room
<propfemale> <propfirst> thrush is ajerk face who is no longer my friend
oh kill <propfemale> you always know how im feeling  love 
"to everyone who gives me shit for not supporting veterans day   please e playful lain to me how getting plastered and spending today sleeping and hungover is a good way to \remember our troops and all theyve sacraficed for us  \"" just sayin  """
cant wait to visit home  i miss my friends stranded in mesa  love 
tonight is lame    lame
ahahahah someone just called me a f@g  @ sign included  so funny i couldnt even be mad
just call me <propmale> wells    tonight didnt end up too bad 
"oh <propfirst> bird  love  today has been fanstastic  surpise visit from <propfirst>, super hot girl with dreds, and a long awaited new indie playlist  ah  smile "
if i tell you a secret do you promise not too look at me like im insane?
is a horrible person   sigh aha
lets get this week started and hope its better than last
i am almost willing to go on an lds mission just to be able to travel somewhere  *almost*   i havent completely lost my mind
"whose up for a road trip to la this weekend?? jacks mannequin, something corporate, and <propmale> nathanson  laugh "
is so excited for her cali trip! much needed man  just gotta get through a few more weeks  finishing up homework while listening to ani difranco  love 
"i'll admit it   sometimes i miss desert ridge, we had some good times  love "
please  just kill me right now  please
"dear starbucks, your caramel brulee blowss my mind  thank you  and how the hell do i enable cookies??"
"dear nau, lets work out a buy one <propmale> get one free deal  please and thank you"
just totally freaking bought waking life  anyone wanna join?
i am so excited for my classes next semester 
i'm feeling a little bit taken advantage of now that i think about the whole thing    hm
mesa tomorrow  smile   love 
the rain is overpowering the sound of my guitar  sad  going to be an interesting ride home   
this weekend was good  smile  so freaking excited for next weekend!!  love  and the snow is pretty  smile   love 
is in need of a creative mind to help with a friends christmas present  any takers?
mesa again tomorrow! should be fun
off to get some coffee and a bagel  should brighten up my mood  smile 
i think i want to buy  a firebird     wink 
"ive been making a man, with blond hair and a tan, and hes good for relieving my tension "
its not thanksgiving till my mom brings out the jello shots  i love parties  smile 
cant find my phone charger  sad 
"you make my heart beat a little faster, and even though i know i shouldn't, i find myself hoping that's you calling me on the phone"
now i remember why i hate being home    cant wait for this week though  smile 
baym!
is so proud of <propfemale> cooper today!! and i've slacked wayy too much this semester   ugh
i hate the snow  sad  everything is so dead and colorless 
fuck all these lesbians with the <propfirst> bieber look  i'm gunna rock the conan  love 
conan is wearing jeggings  laugh d  love 
got to see stars last night  laugh  so awesome 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> - \depression increases self genital-mutilation in teens      what?? it's true \"""""
a true friend lets you give them a tattoo out of your dorm room   love ! so excited
today was   interestng 
would very much like to just crawl back into bed today 
meteor shower the 13th  smile        blahblahblah
fuuuck!
a call from <propfirst> norfleet just made my day a million times better  smile   love 
"conan tonight at eleven, come watch!  smile "
"is losing her mind, good thing <propfemale>'s here to remind me"
a clockwork orange and oil pastels  laugh 
 laugh  pretty woman is on  smile   love 
today is such an awesome day  smile 
i miss the foo fighters  sad 
had the most amazing night  meteor shower  love 
new <propfirst> eat world cd kicks sooo much ass
"lookin for acopy of clerks, can anyone help me out??  wink "
"coffee and cigarettes\as simple as it gets\of all the things i think i'll miss,\there's staying up with you"
cant wait for mesa tomorrow  smile 
first night in mesa was good  wink 
dadt has been repealed  laugh 
just saved a lizards life to have it killed by a dog  sad 
had fantastic day  wink  havent laughed his much in a long time  geez i cant believe christmas is almost here 
"passed all my important classes, now i just have to make sure to work my ass off next semester "
and today is even better than yesterday  laugh 
got modern family from my momma  laugh  goodnight facebook
"if i didnt want a tattoo and car so bad, this job wouldnt be worth it"
loves <propfirst> <propfemale> marchiony
april please come faster!!
dear kiwis and raspberries  thank you for being so colorful and delicious   love  first fridays tonight! hell yes ive missed phoenix
is sick and would just like to watch movies for the next two days
i want a new mala   hmmmm in other news! im done with work  laugh d
noooo  i dont want the new profile ; 
"had the most fantastic day! hopfully tomorrow will be good, last day in mesa town and theres one more person i have to see!  love  loove"
"glad to be back in the dorm, but i already miss everyone i left in mesa ; "
"phone went to hell, anyone know where the at&t store is in flag?"
"i built up some bad <propfemale> somewhere, ugh what an awful day"
i wish i was home  
may be transfering to asu tempe campus   
"new phone, need your <propfirst>  smile "
is devloping an appreciation for <propfemale> <propfirst>  imagine that
"needs a crash course in christain theology, anyone willing to tell me about it?"
life is beautiful and today was great   love 
today = moving mountains+ finishing every one of my <propmale> projects ive st<propmale>ed + cupcakes with my roomie   if she ever comes home
well what the fuck
"rearranged the room- check, perfected a new cover- check, go to math for the first time- check, only one more thing on my to do list for feb, its gunna be a good month  smile  i miss youu"
<propmale> escobedo is a bag-o-shame
<propmale> escobedo and <propfirst> hilgenberg are both bags-o-lameness
wish i was going to first fridays   i cant believe how fast a year goes by  
for what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun? one year time flies by
i wouldnt give you the time of day
can i set up a shortcut on my desktop for websites?
anyone know of any good websites to watch movies for free?
<propfemale> <propfirst> thrush just informed me that her coochie does indeed snatch     what in the world  
sometimes   all you can do is laugh
everyone on facebook is getting tattoos! i wanna join!
must have stupid written on my forehead  yup   there it is
just bombed my cis midterm   why am i in school again? hahaha
fuck you snow!
about to paint a masteriece!  anyone have enough faith to buy it ahead of time to help fund?  smile 
"i love each and every one of you, goodnight"
someone please come get me so i can see the aquabats!!
"seriously annoyed, but its gorgeous outside  love "
not even ani difranco and cream of wheat could fix the mood im in  ugh
oh conan  love 
furious
wooooow  i loove google chrome
oh bright eyes  love  put me to sleep
in the valley  smile  first stop   bookmans!
found four scorpions in my back yards  laugh  i loove black lights
someone come scorpion hunting with me tonight!
bad day    i miss <propfemale> cooper
so tired    dont wanna go to school tomorrow
mehh
"fuck you snow! i thought we had an understanding   we're over and im seeing someone else  his name is rain and he's ten times the storm youll ever be  so just go away    ---but really, im freezing my ass off while the valley gets beautiful beautiful rain  what the hell"
hooow did i know
i sometimes wonder what it would be like if i had responded differently to what you said once upon a time
cant wait to go home again
hurt
is really getting tired of the audacity of some people   seriously
"mehh, bad day yo  time for bed and my podcast  smile  lots of work tomorrow"
i am sometimes very disappointed in myself    sigh
i know some real assholes
is gorgeous and tough
too much ;p
siick  sad 
i try to be a bad ass    it isnt working   katie just isnt scared of me like she used to be  
