d83ca4955500fb442798a3f70035cf94
why lord why!
takin a deep breath and movin on cuz imma smile smile 
ya know   he tends to make me feel a lil jolly    go me! lol
i am so excited to get away from petersburg this weekend   i cant wait!
"life never gets any easier, you will always have a heavy load to bear  but i love havin great friends to help me <propfemale> mine  im so grateful smile "
lol   wow! too hilarious!!!
one day  maybe jus one day i'll be good enough too
i wanna good snowball fight sooooo bad!!
did anyone even say thet thank god for their grammy yet?
saggin da skinnies lil <propmale> noooooo!!!
the thought of goin to work realli makes me feel like im goin to an 1800's cotton field   uuugggghhh
feeling kinda bummed out   i cant wait to go to sleep
please tell me itz a lie   itz not snowing now and someone jus threw flour at me house right?
is lovin that warm fuzzy feeling inside smile 
today was a realli good day and i am so so grateful and thankful   thanx to everyone that made me and my heart smile today!
as stressful as life is  there is oh so much to be appreciative for so smile smile 
sometimes you just know  ya know?
"sometimes it's just so difficult to let go  but you go through difficult things to learn a lesson and if you fall back into the same ugly black hole, you are not bettering yourself at all  just let go  there are better things instore for you and me too wink "
the best things in life    yea maybe they are worth waiting for
soo  knowing yourself  yea thatz a necessity  but itz all about gettin betta and keepin it movin
just got my first ticket on my 20th bday   terrible already sad \\nmz lonalee
was that an earthquake? did anybody else's house just shake? cuz somethin surely got me out my bed nervous
should i buy an ipod touch today?
abosolutely lovin this ipod touch!!!
graduated from phlebotomy class today and i had the highest gpa   120 3! feelin pretty good smile \\n
i love my best buds <propfemale> cee cee rhodes and <propfirst> <propmale>!
is so frustrated   so sick   so tired nd needin relief
"ever been just blah, done, tired, yet with eyes wide open   yea that feeling, im aaaalll over it!"
if one more thing goes wrong today   i might jus lose the last little piece of mind i have
the little things   gotta love'em   all smiles  wink 
dis graduation is toooooo hot!!!!!!!
i am officially a certified phlebotomy technician! yay me!
this tribute is weak!!!
so i realli realli wanted <propmale> to perform  i mean a lol diamonds nd pearls or when doves cry or somethin!
friends  how many of us have them? think again cuz u might jus be fooled  know ur loved ones nd make sure ur loved ones know you  it save a lot of heartache 
"im taking some alone time, reevaluting things, and reinventing myself for my own sanity's sake  i need to love me harder than anybody else  i am my own puppeteer "
sooooooo did anybody else power round here jus go out?
the ups and downs are still worth the emotional roller coater sometimes  if that friend is willing to stay on the ride with you wink 
is raining on the inside today   
time for a new haircut!
watchin school house rock with the guy bff nd we rollin lol ya need school house rock in ya life!
it is sooooo beautiful outside  and im jus sittin on the porch lovin the breeze with dinner in the crockpot    enjoying my day off and its great!!
<propfirst> tha <propmale> <propfirst> misses me!!! lol its only been 7 years
"if i could solve every problem, i would  if i could answer every question, i would  if i could help every person, i would  if i could be everything that everyone needed me to be and e playful ected from me, i would  but please understand i wish i could, but it's hard enough to just do the basics  be patient with me "
stop bein nosey <propfirst> tha <propmale> lewis   imma punch you in the face!!
"i thought i was doing a good job at weaving out the fake people, but too many are proving not to be as true as they would lik to pretend they are  its a shame how much people talk bout the ones that fight for them the most  never take anything for face value  you need more than a second glance nowadays "
so  im glad i dnt understand because if i did  doesnt that make me just as crazii? yea  hooray for the few sane ppl left!!!
"#23  i jus realli wanna say u knw better  i dnt play fb games lol and maybe id say i still love u lik my brother if u called me bak monday  realli tho i do still love u, ur crazi sweet n kool and u were realli there for me when i needed u the most and thats irreplaceable jus lik you!!"
#250   spanish class  what can i say it was a blast lol  u and ur <propmale> were my homies and id love to go back to those days when all we worried bout was if today wuld b the day ms schroder actually coughed up a lung nd died lol  miss u lots smile 
today was my last day at hair plus   tomorrow starts a new chapter and better days &nbsp; smile 
the er today was stinkin crazii   they put me in there doin blood work alone  theeennn folks was jus flippin out left and right smh petersburg folks a trip lol
"had an awesome weekend thanks to <propfemale> cee cee rhodes, jai <propfemale>, <propfirst> obrien, and interestingly <propfirst> lawson    love you guys  smile "
