796ed63d6d63a28f12f890d1ef40db43
happy new year !!!! dont forget the world is supposed to end in two years     lol
i really hope you all enjoy my photography that was uploaded!
hows everyone doing???
my life this week has probably been one of the worse weeks ever! but im just hoping that it will soon get better     life is hard but i just keep hopeing !!!
love the life you live      live the life you love   
why does no one answer me on this thing    i feel so un-loved      sad 
lol
i am not that short    laugh 
everyone like my new profile pic??? its they only one of me personly
theres this guy that likes me and just womt leave me alone he follows me everywhere    i mean it might be ok if i liked him back    but i do not like him at all !!! i have to tell him that today( in a sweeter way though) i like some one else and the guy who likes me has liked me since 8th grade  ahhhhhhh this is going to be hard oh well i like this other guy alot more anyway  no one ask who he is !!! love ya all  laugh 
ahhhhhhhhhh
the rain is my christmas    and christmas just came early   yay  laugh 
"its the way you love me, its  i feel like this     its centripical motion ,its perpetual bliss , its that pivital moment, is ahh   imposible this kiss this kissunstopable this kiss this kiss (by faith hill)"
oh my gosh i am soooo excited im going to go see new <propfemale>   ahhhhhhhh
would you love a monster man    could you understand beauty of the beast    i wuld do it all 4 u    would you do it all do it all 4 me
"if you want to get out alive, run for your life   if i stay it wont be long till im burning on the inside    if i go i can only hope that i make it to the other side--- three days grace"
"as the fire within slowley disolves into a dim light, the aspiration to actually live decays  soon there is nothing but the utter loneliness of the blackened night  the majestic rain falls upon my check as i ponder threw the storm  as the weather's beauty radiates my soul, i hear nothing but the reminisceing music of all natures beauty  i softly float away and give into the night's esscence  by : me"
oh my gosh !!! i just got a ipod nano from my sister for christmas    well an early christmas   lol it has video on it and everything and to make it better its blue !!!! i love you <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like how there is more people on facebook on christmas day then the day after    i guess there all to  busy taking back gifts   lol
"the night dwells as the creatures come out to play  such howls that follow the beauty of our darkened day  what lies witin is but yet a mystery, locked by the binds of life  a hidden key surpassed by death, the screams within the night  and as our breath begin to seize, we take our last and final leap  to somewhere greater that lies within, a path once known as forbidden "
"as the fire within slowley disolves into a dim light, the aspiration to actually live decays  soon there is nothing but the utter lonliness of the blackened night  the majestic rain falls upon my check as i ponder threw the storm  as the weathers passion radiats my soul i hear nothing but thr reminising music of all natures beauty  i softly float away, and give into the nights essence "
"omg !!!! i have just been personally invited to go travel and study in england, ireland, wales, and scotland over the summer of 2010    ahhhhh yayyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"\ferns grow here and daisies too \"""""
my mom just showed me a picture of the camera i am going to get for my birthday and she says she is pretty sure it is  an olympus e-500 !!!!! ahhhh  laugh 
omg i am sooooooooo bored !!! the only thing that keeps me going is the thought of my new camera for my birthday    lol
"gosh, i hate how i am so much better being myself online when talking with a guy then i am in real life !!! i guess im just really self conscious which sucks!!!!"
i can not wait to be free!!!! i love my family but they are driving me to extinction!!!  i need to get out     i am sick of worrying about others and being depressed     sometimes i think whats the point to life   then i remember that one day i will tuly be able to live and that thought is what keeps me going !!!
*looking in the mirror     sad 
"i've fallen and i cant get up     then again, i don't think i want to !!!"
my tummy hurts  playful 
sometimes i just wish i looked lik my shadow    it so much skinnier then me  sad 
i hate the feeling where you can be surounded by a swarm of people and still feel alone!
lonlieness is but yet a shrud fact of life everyone is lonley sometimes the only hard part is when someone is lonley everytime
suddenly i blank out and leave the world behind me    as i run i try not to hear myself screaming    though i can quiet the sounds i cant stop the feeling of tears falling from my eyes    soon i stop runing and wake up to the world that should have never been yet the world in which i have been confined
*run away love*
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i have so many self cosciouse problems  sad 
"the 7 things i hate about you     your vain, your games, your insecure, you love me- you love her, you make me laugh- you make me cry, i dont know what side to buy, your friends their jerks when you act like them   just know it hurts, i want to be with the one i know, and the seventh thing i hate the most that you do     you make me love >>> miley <propmale>"
 sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  no rain : sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  sad  sad 
there is this guy i like but he lives all the way in atascadero  sad  life can be so unfair
"my room is the g- spot, call me mr  flinstone , i can make your bed-rock ------ by lil <propmale> lol"
ill keep you my dirty littl secret     i love that song!!!
"im not your <propfemale>, this aint a <propfemale> tale, im gonna find someone, someday that might actually treat me well---- <propfirst> swift song    but the lyrics are so true"
"ill bet shes beautiful    that girl he talks about , and shes got everything that i have to live without                                              i wonder if he knows hes all i think about at night    hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar, the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing <propfemale>--- <propfirst> swift ( i skipped a few lines)  "
"so i drive home alone, as i turn off the light, i put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight    cause hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only one whos got enough of me to break my heart                  i fake a smile so he wont see -- <propfirst> swift ( i skipped a few lines)"
i hate it when the chat box says theres like 5 people on here and then you press the box and theres like only two    lol total sike out
i hate tonight    its just one of those nights that you want to hold your breath and just pass out !!!!
ok    so i like this guy who goes to righetti and we have a class together    but im stumped on what to do    because i get really bubbly and shy around guys i like     ehhhhh
"ok so this guy i thought i liked ended up being a total jerk     ehhh what a bummer    \oh well\""  lol"""
how stupid is it that some guy wants to high <propfirst> a <propfemale> from jupiter    lol its like wtf
hey <propfemale>     that song you were talking about was by <propfirst>       its this guy who dresses up like a girl and sings omg shoes     but he also sings let me borrow that top    lol
dude what the heck   they switched facebook all around    ehhhhh
i get to clean my room today       yayyy lol
omg my mom has a priceless coin dated all the way back to 600 bc and only a few know about this rare coin   yet we are the only ones who have ever been able to touch it besides the people who made it in 600 bc !!!!!! ahhhhhh
"some people are born to shut up and sit behind the desk, some people are born to be safe and cant take a risk   hand cuff your boss, be ruff, he might like it like it     he'll get a wise youll get a raise     dont tell his wife about it      lol     this is a song by aqua ( lene-its your duty)"
"while the wall stood high, the butterflies flew away     but what happens when the wall breaks     "
who else is and or isn going to the dance????
i miss when i was younger and everything in life seemed tolerable    now all is known and nothing is forgotten     such waves that break upon a young girls heart and die within a young ladies soul    
"im not looking for a clearer consciouse, peace of mind after what i've been threw    and before we talk of any rependence, try walking in my shoes----\depeche mode\"" (its a band)     my mom just introduced me to them      love it"""
today was good     and  interesting  laugh 
crap! i have two tests tommarow and totally forgot     eh oh well    lol
haha the camping trip was fun     but there was a phsyco <propfemale>     i was just trying to say hi and it attacked me    lol but it was way to cute to be mad at     lol
"all in all, you'r just another brick in the wall     *pink <propmale>*"
what's the point in talking if you never listen !!!
 sad  my <propfemale> still won't come in from under the house   
yayyyyyyyyyyyyy my <propfemale> is back     finally    lol
"and it can feel like the whole world is raining down on you     brought to you courtesy of the red, white, and blue    \toby keith\"""""
i didn't take a brick off the wall of pain     i just gave it to you !!!
you see the way i care    i see the way you feel   
ok well tomarrow's my birthday and i decided to give myself a brithday present    so i knocked down that shyness wall of mine     this is the best birthday ever     now i think i am going to go party    lol
do you think i should wear that dress for my birthday tomarrow ???
i am so excited for tomarrow !!!!!
 indecision ]
"she left her pills in the glove compartment, that was the afternoon her heart went  and the sun still shines in the summer time, i'll be yours if you'll be mine  i tried to change but i changed my mind    think i'll have another glass of mexican wine  --- fountains of <propmale>"
"i just want to scream and loose control, throw my hands up and let it go, forget about everything and run away ( ya) i just want to fall and loose myself, laughing so hard it hurts like hell  forget about everything and run away (ya)--- <propfemale> lavign"
"when your heart is in a dream, no request is too extreme! lol i saw this on a poster    lol"
"as my breath begins to seize, my heart begins to die  slowly yet painfully life comes to an end "
ok i am sad for haiti as much as the next person  but why do we try so hard for them but not others  its kinda wrong    but i sitll care  love 
omg its almost <propfemale> gutierrez's birthday              i am sooooo going to flower her !!!!!
my eyes hurt but i can't look away!!!!
what if ???
hi     hello    hi     really? lol * you know who you are      lol
its raining !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha-my-spacebar-broke-so-im-dashing-and     doting    everyhting     lol
i-swear-if-one-more-person-asks-me-if-i-am-ok-i-am-going-to-scream!!!!!i-am-fine
"hey-dj-love-the-way-i-loose-my-inhabitions-when-you-spin-and-i-dont-care-if-people-stare-i'd-rather-boogie-then-try-to-fit-in   turn-it-up-let-em'-scrutinize-way-up-cause-the-night-is-mine-turn-it-up-let-me-scandalize-ya-up-on-the-flashing-lights     dont-be-jealous-of-my-boogie-dont-be-jealouse-of-my-boogie-you-can-say-that-you-were-not-but-i-always-see-you-looking----rupaul-drag-races\dont-be-jealous-of-my-boogie\"""""
i-am-not-looking-forward-to-do-swimming-as-a-pe-course- sad 
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
think-of-your-favorite-person-and-think-of-them-with-the-opposite-color-of-hair-then-they-have-now-   have-fun!!!
as-my-life-goes-on-i-still-hear-the-reminising-sound-of-the-heart-beat-once-longed-for-by-mine
and-i-had-the-time-of-my-life   and-i-owe-it-all-to--you     *dirty-dancing
"ok-for-all-of-you!!!-i-am-not-taking-the-\find-out-your-lover-of-the-day\""-test   i-swear-my-profile-does-it-automatically-i-have-no-clue-why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
i-cant-wait-for-tommarrow i-dont-start-school-until-11:50-- laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh : laugh 
i-miss-the-older-days life-was-less-dramatic!
omg-i-have-sparkly-pants!!!!!!
"yay,we got a new key board ,   my spacebar works now  laugh "
i am so f*cking pissed off!!! my mom's stupid ass boyfriend left the door open and now my cat is back outside   i am going to seriously kiss his ass
theres nothing else i can say  eh eh eh eh i wish you never looked at me that way    ----lady gaga
"ok so i like two guys, but i'm so confused on who i like more  i mean i have a weird and sparky relationship with both of them  especially because i have known them before 9th grade  ughhhhhhhhhhhh p s if you know who im talking about please dont mention either name   "
do you even know who i am?
"were are the host, the dream, wheres my <propfemale> scean---avril"
oh my friggin' gosh   i love mushrooms!!!!
ok i was watching the <propmale> awards   lol *dont laugh    and there was a best actress award between miley <propmale> and <propfemale> bullock(best actress ever!!) and stupid miley <propmale> won   ugh  so retarded
im going to be in an <propmale> show at the mall   yay my picture is amazing!!!!
well i decided not to get that haircut   too short    lol
today was amazing     i got offered money for my photo by the my teachers friend who collects art      how cool !!!
"stop! dont touch me there, this is my private square   r-a-p-e rape is a fellany    to <propfemale> kawahara"
yay!!!!!! i am finally moving! i mean our goal is still washington state but for now we are just moving    probably somewhere still in orcutt     sad  but that's just because my mom wants me to finish out freshmen year at righetti     so if we get enough money we could be moving to washington this summer    but i've learned not to keep my hopes up ! lol anyway so excited to get out of the friggin' house !!!!!!!!!
tu ra <propfemale> ra tu ra <propfemale> ra ay! come on eileen(song) - some band*   lol
hahah wow i accidentally pressed in facevook and there is a website called facevook!!! starnge
to be a player you have to know how to play! --- shaggy
"while i'm wide awake, she no trouble sleeping  cause' when a heart breaks no it don't break even  and what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, and what am i supposed to say when im all chocked up and your ok   im falling to pieces---break even"
"i am so sick of holidays <propfemale>ry animal i have ever had has died on a holiday  for example my fish nemo who i had for 5 years died on st  patricks day, my hamster <propfemale> who i had for 3 years died on christmas <propfemale>, my grandmas cat <propfirst> who i loved and lived to be 25 died on easter, and now my mouse sparkles who i had for a year died this year on easter aswell! but one thing i am happy about is the last thing i love you "
"yay, i'm curling my hair with paper = beautiful curls !!!"
"i don't think i'll be going to <propfemale> hawkings! there are so many othere things i want to do with my money, then waste it on about 3 hours of a stuffed, hot gym! sorry <propfemale>"
<propfemale>!!! get on facebook more often!
"oh my god! i just had the scaroest dream last night    <propfemale> jones was there and her and a few of these goths came to my house they were all standing out side  but no one could here me, they were all just staring at me until suddenly a really cute couple (i dont know who) came by and they started to hex them      ithen i woke up  annoyed \"
"wow, i just went to orcutt jr  high to say high to mrs  knowlton (who lost soooooooooo much weight from yoga) and i ended up seeing william(sophmore)     small school   lol"
oh ya <propfirst> swithenbank    mrs  knowlton still has your picture that you painted of the sunset hanging up  lol
yay! my computor is finally working
stop saying sorry! and live life with out regret      cause you only live this life once
i feel great today! i am so thankful for all my friends! i love you all !!!
beka! where'd you go?  sad 
omg! my dad found out      i wonder what the future will bring
this summer is sooooo boring    but i have to admit    the music on the radio is bomb!(even if it is on all the time) lol
omg i know what i want to do for my sixteenth b-day   i know this sounds weird but i would love to have a marshmallow party like there are so many games that you can do with marshmallows and make with them and all kinds of toppings for them like choclate and smores   lol it would be the most fattening party <propfemale> but it would be so fun and messy lol but i doubt my dad would say yes    
does anyone want a kitten???  we have 7    we have 4 black kittens   2 black and white kittens    and 1 gray kitten  each with really cute markings and are really loving     if you do you can text me 260-3014 or just write back    
kittens for free !!!
any body want free kittens ? ? ?
i want to be you're favorite hello and hardest goodbye     
"it's strange, how so many people can say \ i wish i was young again   when life was easier\"" truth is you don't know what life is yet   growing is a beautiful e playful erience     take that into mind !"""
oh my gosh ! i just got the sofest blanket in the whole friggin' universe    feels like a giant blanket of awesomeness!
"i just got two kick ass shoes for 10$       \ wink "
"que sera sera , what ever will will be --- <propfemale> day"
im sick of being told what to do ! ugh
im just letting everyone to whom ive been tlking alot with that im not usually on facebook but latley i have been cause i am at my sisters but im going home today so if i dont reply soon im sorry but ill try to get ononce in awhile    ttyl !
"i cry in the rain, not to hide, but rather because it is the only one that understands ---ashlie"
"ok, that's it! i'm sick of seeing fatty photos, no more crap to eat and im going to start working out     ugh i'm done with this body!"
"ok righetti is lame   they said they werent giving 7 classes to people but i have already heard of three    and they wouldnt give me my 7th class    so i have no electives, not even health(which is the 7th class i asked for) anyway my schedule is \0: modern world history w wilson\1 playful e w barbarick\2:geometry w  brickey\3 annoyed panish w  knight\4:honors biology w  wingerden\5:honors english w preston"
does anyone know if barbarick for p e is good or not
ok i know you were already thinking this but just a reminder   i look good     lol luv ya
"ya im feeling good tonight, finally doing me and it feels so right, time to do the things i like, going to the clubs everythings alright  no one to answer too , no one going who are you, and now that i got that hold off me im living life now that im free!----"
i totally fell in love with g s a ! i can't wait for next friday    
i sooooooo want to go to a club and fucking shake my ass all night! ugh     lol
i soooo wish i could go to ventura pride  sad 
hey everyone: i lost my phone today at school! its an env touch with a picture of a rainbow eye on the front screen: if you know who might have it        tell me please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"when the dark of the night comes round, thats the time, when the animal comes to life, looking for something wild  ---<propfemale>"
the thought of you being threatned popped into my head   and i ended up attaking my punching bag    hahahah epic!
"according to parents were too young for love, too old for fun, too smart to play dumb, and too immature for grown up conversations  it's no wonder teens are so rebellious, theres nothing else too do!---(facebook)"
for 24 hours you can ask me one question (only on my inbox) i will answer it no matter what you have my full honesty  i dare you to put this on your status and see what people ask you smile 
is annoyed when the chat box says theres like alot of people on chat then you press the box theres like two   wtf
"if you really like her, make her yours before someone else does----"
ok im so confussed     i thought we had a spark but i think it might of been my hopes of an us going up in flames    
omg i just put my really soft blanket on my smooth legs      heaven    love it
who are you?
i thought i liked you but honestly your past is to much     im sorry
yay! im so excited i got my phone back and my plan is getting turned back on    life is looking up
ok i know this is weird but when i was younger i would always say holy schneiders    until i realized that that was someones actual name     lololol lmao
suck my tooth bitch!
i smell sex and <propfemale> ----amazing song!
"omg i have rainbow striped nails     so perfect\!!!"
when theirs something strange in your neighbor hood who you gunna call?
"stinky stinky stinky, hefty hefty hefty!!!!    lolololol"
yay naked party with popsicles today!!!! cant wait
oh my gosh!!!!! best night of everz        i love you beka castillo and <propfemale> coyle
beka castillo  sorry i stopped texting you i had to finish my homework or my phone would get taken away   actually i cant even be on face bookright now but i love you
christian had an amzing birthday party     and whole shit load of random stuff lol we love you christian
sometimes goodbye is a second <propmale>!---
hahahah    <propfemale> hosking i fixed it
"you better take it from me, that boy is like a disease  you'r running, you'r trying, you'r trying, and hiding, you'r wondering why you cant get free  he's like a curse, he's like a drug, you'll get addicted to his love  you wanna get out, but he's holding you down,cause you can't live without one more touch--- <propfemale> underwood"
your love is my drug    plain and simple
scooby dooby doo where are you ?
<propfemale> coyle is the cutest thing in the world!
"im still waiting for your heart, cause im sure that one day it's gunna stop you'll be mine to hold each day, but till then this is all i can say  --------- sons of admirals"
omg i want to play the eukalaly so bad( dont know how to spell it)   lol
"our realationship is complicated, sometimes its not to remeber, that your even there  but when i feel im being hated, feelinglonely in december,facing hardships that we cant bear  you'll help me come threw the other side, you build up my confidence, and raise my pride  together theres nothing we can't face, just as long as we embrace ourselves  you know that i really really really love you ------ charlieisacoolcookie"
"her lips, her lips , i could kiss them all day if she'd let me  her laugh, her laugh she hates, but i think it's so sexy  she's so beautiful and i tell her everyday  oh you, you  know, you know  i'd never ask you to change, if perfects what you'r searching for,then  just stay the same   love  --- <propmale> mars"
"i don't cry in the rain to hide my tears,but rather because it's the only one that understands   "
i hate the heat!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only 3 more years!
"i know you didnt bring me out here to drown,so why am i ten feet under and upside down  barley surviving has become my purpose,cause im so used to living underneath the surface if i could just see you everything would be alright, if id see you, this darkness would turn to light  and i will walk on water,and you will catch me if i fall  and i will get lost into your eyes,i know everything will be alright!---lighthouse"
ugh a little bumbed   today isnt my day
"gsa is amazing! instead of righetti pride, tomorrow (instead) its rainbow pride !!!"
"since weather is my passion  my thought is this? \i want to love someone so much that i can quote <propfemale> gomez's song      a day without you is like a year without rain   thats when i know im truly in love       """
watching shania twain  love 
"i wanna be free, ya, feel the way i feel, and man i feel like a woman      love "
i hate it when you dislike the person who sings a song but loves their music   bleh   *not talking about shania twain  love 
"shes indisicive she cant decide she keeps on looking from left to right  girl come a bit closer, look in my eyes searching is so wrong im mr right  you seem like the type to love them and leave them and disappear right after the song  so give me the night to show you hold you dont leave me over here dancing alone --- i hate the singer (<propfirst> bieber) but love the song"
"you cant make up your mind mind mind mind mind, please dont waste my time time time time time, im not trying to rewind wind wind wind wind, i wish our hearts could come together as one "
well you know its a fool who playsit cool
im not sure whats happening anymore    but either way im a little down    life is bleh! except the weather  thats the only thing thats worth it on these days
"i was young but i wasnt naive,i was helpless as you turned around to leave but still i have the pain i have to carry a past so deep,that even you could not bury if you tried after all this time,never thought we'd be here,never thought we'd be here when my love for you was blind but i couldnt make you see it,couldnt make you see it that i loved you more than youd ever know a part of me died when i let you go-lifehouse"
"i would fall asleep, only in hopes of dreaming  that everything would be like it was before  but nights like this , it seems are slowly feeting  they dissappear as reality is crashing through to the floor ----life house"
i am feeling happy      even with all the stress this week     thankyou !!!  love  mikka matthews  love 
i miss you !
"i used to think, i had the answers to everyting  but now i know, that life doesnt always go my way  ya, feels like im caught in the middle, thats when i realize  im not a girl, not yet a woman  all i need is time, a moment that is mine, while im in between  ---- <propfemale> spears (good version)"
"? + ? = ?\? + ? = ?\? + ? = ?\it's about love not gender"
one more strike and were done!!!
"omg, todays weather was so beautiful  the fog was amazing  but that darn sun      lol  and its almost christmas  life is good  love "
going to church this morning! i love it so much ! then to my nephews 5th birthday     im so excited! today is going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so ya, i just watched the best movie ever! its called teeth and its about this girl with teeth in her privates, and she goes and attracts really horrible men  then kills them in a very special way   can u guess?"
i friggin love you kayna monette you totally cried laughed and im still cracking up lol
i feel like going somewhere with my friends and taking alot of funny pictures     lololol *random       i know  smile 
no offence to anyone who might think this is them   but i am so tired of guys just liking me for looks     i want a man not a boy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"at times life is difficult and really obnoxious  but i know that it's alot better then it used to be  and with god along my side, all of these little problems seem pointless  i love you all  love  love  love "
i think its ironic when people hate the way they look but post pictures every 5 seconds     lame lol ;p
im <propfemale> look at meeee
so ok today was the best day ever! i cant really e playful lain why but it just felt amazing
oh wow! thankyou all so much  i love you guys 
"drop everything now! meet me in the pouring rain, kiss me on the side walk, take away the pain  cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile  ---- tailor swift"
"yay! im so excited i finally got my niv bible reading schedule! now on march 7, there will be nothing stopping me from completing this amazing goal in one year!"
"i love christ, for he is my eternal savior !"
life is full of surprises!
"i got yelled about for doing homework,     are you serious?"
