9f5b149ba733a2a04d2fad09046d7e6d
"thank god! 2010 was fucking terrible  let's hope that 2011 is much, much better "
"lace, whiskey, and sharp, cold steel "
"> >   i'm just gonna start off by saying that this thing was made at the request of a friend and that i have very little interest in it  oh, and   i have no idea when i'll actually put up a picture   because i'm too lazy to do it and i hate! taking pictures "
boredom is a terrible thing   especially at 12:41
"it's terribly late, but i want to thank everyone who said \happy birthday!\"""""
"being bored   really, really sucks "
"no, i'm not dead   i'm just insane and i keep forgetting that i have a facebook   "
"you know, i just love how people that you used to talk to every day disappear and act like you don't exist without warning or cause  people make me sick "
"don't you just love it when people start off being absolutely wonderful, then seem a bit off-kilter, and then prove themselves to be mentally-deficient-wannabe chunks of sh*t?"
"don't you just love it when someone starts off being absolutely wonderful, then seems just a little bit off-kilter, and the finally proves themselves to be a mentally-deficient-wannabe chunk of sh*t?"
loving the crazy double-posting android fb app   
"it's pretty bad when you can actually hear yourself going crazy, isn't it?"
"yeah, so people are retarded  i swear, the people driving right now got their licenses at a k-mart blue light special  it's another ndlafm day   "
"for some reason, my coffee smells like bacon   and it frightens me greatly "
"once again, boredom is a terrible thing  this time, though, at 1:51 am "
"say anything concert, waiting for it to start "
"yeah, so i can't effing stand saves the day  the lead singer sounds like a post-puberty bieber   aka, a twelve year old girl with a slightly, and i stress only slightly, masculine tinge to her voice "
"why must some people take things so fucking literally? it's annoying, it doesn't make you look smarter than you always pretend to be and seem to think you are, and it serves absolutely no functional purpose whatsoever "
"don't discredit what i have to say just because i'm younger than you   and don't <propmale> me with a cookie cutter and a bloody knife, you crazy bitch "
mamerinda will fuck your shit up 
"i'm doing eighty-five in a sixty and there are cops out  get off my ass, bitch!"
"i would love to be away from my insane, ungrateful, overly-critical family for just one peaceful fucking holiday!"
"just to clarify, that wasn't directed at anyone in particular "
"and it's gone from one of those days to one of those nights, and potentially one of those weeks  i pity those who must deal with my attitude and temporarily-militant cynicism  i doubt very seriously that i'll make good company over the next few days   "
so bored   
too much on my mind to allow sleep   
i can't believe that i just cried watching glee   
"raising hope; \you get back in there and stop procrasturbating!\"""""
"to handcrafted beers made in local breweries,\to yoga, to yogurt, to rice and beans and cheese!\\to leather, to dildos, to curry vindaloo,\to huevos rancheros, and <propfemale> angelou!\\emotion, devotion, to causing a commotion!\creation, vacation, mucho masturbation!\\compassion, to fashion, to passion when it's new!\to sontag, to sondheim, to anything taboo!"
"i   just forgot that i was watching tv, while watching tv "
second week in a row of crying at glee 
turning off my phone  go away 
or not 
this number mess is little more than an annoyance that has yet to go away 
"facebook needs a \dislike\"" button """
"i should have turned off my phone, but no   "
i'm taking a short break  i'll call you lot in a few days 
"will you people please shut the fuck up with all this number shit?! gah, it's the text version of listening to a convention of rambling idiots!"
"seriously? pardon my language, i know it's been rather improper, but this is quite possibly the most frustrating thing i've ever seen  i can't check facebook without seeing some type-happy imbecile giving their thoughts on someone after said someone sends them a number  oh, ye to whom i rarely speak and yet whose thoughts repeatedly marr the once peaceful fluidity of my news feed, face friend-deletion and be gone "
"i love christmas, i really effing hate people "
is anyone even still awake?
you're intelligent  act like it 
i'm sick of being reasonably cheery because it's christmas  i want to go back to being mean already   
"<propfemale> christmas, now go away "
there are some people that i haven't seen in a while and would like to see again 
you're a fucking idiot 
it's december 22  my air conditioning just kicked on 
"yes, there's love  i'm not arguing against that  i am, however, arguing against some crazed troll of a human being proclaiming his undying, everlasting love after going out with someone for, perhaps, two months  it's kinda creepy  y'know what, it's not creepy  it's fucking insane  stalker!"
i reserve the right to treat stupid people like dirt 
<propfemale> christmas!
is it bad that i'm sick of my family after being around them for less than five minutes?
"i would just blast the ever-loving fuck out of you all over facebook and every accessible facet of the internet   if it would accomplish anything  the thing is, it won't  there's no point \\live your own life  move on  go away "
"to anyone who would, don't bother calling my phone for a while  the microphone is dead, so, yeah   until i get a new phone, i can only have one-sided conversations in which i am able to hear you and you are unable to hear me  oh, what wondrous fun  x_x"
"when did facebook turn into a way for people to get preachy? not everyone is a christian, not everyone wants to read about your interpretation of the bible or the way that you think people should behave  if you want to preach, please start a church and leave facebook alone "
my phone lives again!
ref is a fucking idiot 
"i don't usually get involved with football, but   war motherf**king go**amn eagle!"
"\an eechinidna!\"" - <propfemale> mccoy """
mildly depressed without an apparent cause  i don't like it 
bored as f**k and can't go anywhere 
why am i still awake?
it's weird when you feel like you're going to run into someone you know   and then you do  in a club 
"what a boring, pathetic excuse of a day   "
so annoyed right now   
even more annoyed right now than i was three hours ago   
boring day   
nothing to do  sundays suck   
i love it   when ignorant little people try to be deep and act like amateur philosophers  it's so cute!  smile 
it's just a jump to the left   
ain't no party like my <propfemale>'s tea party!
"do not get preachy with me, motherfucker "
there are some people that i will just never understand   
"just got a really weird text from facebook telling to make a voice call to 911, as there is no text service to 911 at this time  seriously, what the fuck?"
i'm so sick of this preachy facebook bullshit   
i repeat; do not get preachy with me  i will eat your face!
"steak, salad, moscato, riesling, white zinfandel, and watching <propfirst> while newport smoke blasts you in the face  awesome!"
"i've got a headache, i'm tired, and i can't effing sleep  x_x"
no  just   no 
national dumbass day   
"to those of you who don't know me that well, this will come as a surprise  to those of you who do, it won't in the slightest  i am just now turning everything off and going to sleep  good night-slash-morning, dear friends "
i love being left out 
"left out, out of the way, ignored  this is my life "
so effing bored   
"some people, including myself in most situations, just need to keep their mouth shut "
to hell with it 
"i'm in a dark place right now, and i can't e playful lain it "
re5 at almost four in the morning with the tv muted and pretty girl rock playing really loudly  definitely some sort of epic!
happy as hell because a childhood friend hunted me down on facebook!
slightly irritated right now 
have you any idea why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
being awake while your friends are asleep   absolutely sucks  me and my crazy-ass sleeping schedule 
found my stressor  it's solitude coupled with mind-numbing boredom and shitty tv 
"it's a test of character, of self-sacrifice   "
stop giving mini-sermons as your status  facebook is not a church 
just spent two hours on the phone with my best friend and it was like we never stopped talking 
dead space 2   ten minutes in and it's effing amazing!
"slightly annoyed, but it's nothing out of the ordinary  have i stayed recently how badly i dislike certain types of behaviour?"
i really wish that true emotion could be conveyed and understood through text   
massively depressed   
problem solved 
there are a few things that i know   that i should never know  x_x
why do mondays always lead to disaster?
anyone want to randomly head to the <propfemale> starbucks?
milers the ghobalt!
i'm exhausted   why am i still awake? x_x
i've only been awake for about seven hours 
shimatta   
i'm taking a break  i'll see you guys next weekend or something 
so this is the first time i've woken up at a relatively normal time in months   and i slept for fifteen hours straight 
sundays suck!
"good morning, have a lovely day!"
so that was fucking hilarious!
only five hours to go and i'm bored as fuck   
"shut up, bitch, i'm lady gaga!"
'cause yo voodoo mama tol' you so!
hurt 
the number shit started again? fuck! when will the idiocy end?!
"so i've literally been here for, like, a week  and it's been fun as hell   joyful "
"tonight, i realised that i have temperament issues and that over half of the anger i feel is misplaced  to those of you who have endured my misplaced fury, i am dearly sorry  to the two of you who see and somehow manage to stand by me through the majority of, thank you  have a lovely night, everyone "
"i couldn't have two better friends  with all of my heart, i love you both  now, in going to go to sleep  again, everyone have a lovely night "
so my spring break's going to be absolute shit  what fucking fun!
"i know i'm not alone   but right now, i feel like i am "
"so, some plans of mine may drastically change   "
spring break fucking sucks 
so i officially fucking hate everything about spring break!
bad mood's in full swing   
fucking <propfemale> coloured glasses   
"what have i become, my sweetest friend? everyone i know goes away, in the end  and you could have it all; my empire of dirt  i will let you down, i will make you hurt "
"bored, tired, and about to take a nap "
"so much for sleep   meh, it's all good   smile "
thank god for clove cigarettes   
"looks like a night of no sleep  oh, joy "
nine hours 
eight 
screw counting the hours  my mood's too damn good    laugh 
"re5 addons, here i come "
