51483988537ea878a73b3d2ccab39dc2
is going to the parade! love 
is happy!
loves riding horses!!!  love 
had so much fun at ht camp!!!  love 
is having fun in wisconsin!
is  back from 5 days in wisconsin wishes it wouldnt of ended so fast but is glad to be home  smile 
wants to go back to ht camp!!
had so much fun playing mafia last night!!  smile 
is excited for the football game! go trojans!
is glad trojans won!
is excited for homecoming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
had soooooooooooooooooooo much fun last night at the dance!
wants to go coon hunting!!!
can't wait for the game tommorow!!! smile 
happy thanksgiving!
is excited for christmas!
snowday!!!
im like sooooo serious that i could be joking!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!  smile 
is happy the snow plow finally came through!
? life is too short to wake up with regrets   love the people who treat you right &  forget the one who dont! believe that everything  happens for a reason   if you get a chance-take it  if it changes you life- let it  nobody said life would be easy  they just promised  it would be worth it ?
" love  being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect, it means that you decided to look beyond the imperfections   love "
"\security!\"" (<propfemale> comes over and asks) \""what do you need!\"""""
" love  if you cant get someone out of your head, then maybe they're supposed to be there  love "
some things today were dissapointing
"i get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me, or even smile, because i know even if just for a second, i crossed your mind "
had a good day today!!!  smile 
according to urban dictionary <propfemale> means: short for <propfemale>  cute and shy but outgoing when you really know her  a best friend anyone can ever have  trustworthy  sometimes self-conscious but sometimes vain  all around good person 
is sooo glad friday!!!  smile 
everything happens for a reason!!!  smile 
horses are awesome!!!  smile 
happy easter!  smile 
had alot of fun at prom!  smile 
is nervous for small groups concert!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!  smile 
"theres a beaver at my house!! i should have brought the shotgun!! i will next time <propfemale>, kora, and <propfemale>!!  laugh "
"thinks <propfemale> guy is an awesome narrator, and <propfemale> arens does an awesome grinch imitation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
