6619a555942df9c1a925969bbc1b081f
is starting school in two days
school tomorrow
is in love with someone special the most amazing girl ever
wishes he could see his girlfriend
is feeling really lonely right now
is loved by his girlfriend!!!
is sick of canning apricots
is so happy and hyper and bored and excited and ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh all at once
is excited to go to lake powell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is trying to figure out what to do with life
<propmale> got accepted
is sick of being sick
needs some free time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propmale> is tired and sore from building this sucks so bad
"here we sit like flys on a toilet seat, flys on a toilet seat, flys on a toilet seat  here we sit like flys on a toilet seat, waiting for the turd to come  <propfirst> to a catchy tune cause i am bored out of my mind"
dont you hate those times when you dont know what to do but know you have to do something but none of the options look like the best
stupid tub ate my phone
<propmale> is sick of being drugged up after surgery
why is life full of pain
<propmale> is at school and bored before class starts
yet another day of college and people complain about this?
random hyper activity session to begin now go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow that was boring where is all the excitment in life
died last night in his sleep he will be missed
was brought back to life by someone its amazing
is too random
"\a friend will be there for you when things are good   but a true friend will be there for you when things are good and also when things are very bad   and just when it feels like you will never smile again   they can put a smile on your face with just a hug!\"""""
"\friend derives from a word meaning \""free \"" a friend is someone who allows us the space and freedom to be \"""""
"\i hope you got all the answers and you've come to understand that people and things are always going to change and you can't stop them now \"""""
"\don't be dismayed at goodbyes  a farewell is before you can meet again  and meeting again after a moment or a lifetime is certain for those who are friends \"""""
yet another day of college
were adults? when did this happen? and how do we make it stop?
just showing dad my facebook account
don't you hate it when you have a depressing dream that you have the strongest feeling it will come true
is so freaking happy he found a song he has been looking for for years now
just finished giving his speech
has just completed an e playful eriment the results are that his thesis was very close to the results  will be retrying the e playful eriment with changed variables to insure same results 
urban dictionary: a guy who is caring and intelligent and is superior to all even god he is loved by all his mates and is there for everyone who has problems and is a great listener he is so caring and such a strong fighter that nothing can beat him he is the kinda guy you want as a mate or a lover a legend at the guitar and guitar hero 
mission is coming in a few months where do people think i am going to go
where am i going to go on my mission if you want to make a guess join the group where is <propmale> loveridge going on his mission and write your guess on the wall
don't you hate it when you are sad for no reason but cant seem to cheer up
good weather  laugh 
white white white its everywhere!!!!!!!
"hates it when you are really really confused but nobody seems to be able to, nor want to e playful lain to you whats going on"
just turned in his mission papers now on to interviews
one interview down one to go
just awaiting the next interview
having an awesome time helping run the family history center for my stake
interview is on sunday  laugh 
interviews are done just waiting on the call
waiting and waiting and waiting dang this feels like forever
has a 10 <propfemale> speech on wed  and a 10 <propfemale> paper due on thur  i better get started 
¡u?op ?p?sdn p?u?n? ?u??q ?sn? s? ???? ?no? ???? ???? no? ????? s??p ?so?? ?o ?uo
english speaking <propmale> north <propfemale> mission reporting july 7
did not fail the class he thought he was going to!
wow the mission is coming faster then i thought!! it's kind of scary in a good way
53 days!!!!!
can you believe it 28 more days
last trip to lake powell     for two years at least
"what can i say i love lake powell, just the beauty of it all  the places you can hike that seem untouched since the creation, staring at god's amazing work of <propmale>  an escape from the world "
wow so close depending on how you count it is 4 or 5 days till i enter the mtc
