13f41e6da2a2e40268d41afe7ce5e41f
woke up like seven times this morning 
sleep evades me at this late hour    maybe i'll play bowser's inside story   
so very tired    must try to sleep at regular times sometime eventually maybe 
"saw a three-day novel ad, and really wanna do it  really hate being poor not having a job sometimes "
just got done watching dragon: the <propmale> <propfirst> story  now i'm all pumped up to smash some people!
darkness only holds sway until the light shines upon it 
is playing fantasy earth zero  fairly new mmo from square enix  hopefully good things come of it 
"fantasy earth zero: awesome to the tenth degree  50 vs 50 pvp  if you feel like joining my team, i'm on gevrandia's side "
insomnia: it sucks  just sayin' 
invictus: go watch it  good movie 
i think i'm sick    my stomach and head feel like shit    gotta sleep it off 
being sick is no fun 
feeling a little better now 
wishes he knew someone with a copy of fallout 2
"so, my d&d group type people  my dm for my other game is sick, so i'm wondering if anyone has time this week to get together and just do a purely roleplay session, as well as me handing out gear "
"after far too long, malice will be return to the battlefield, ready for blood "
"found my pk dice, thanks to <propmale>  be ready for a bloodbath on tuesday, guys  playful "
"and suddenly, i awaken and it's almost one t_t and i really wanted to bust some heads today "
conquest of the empire = awesome game 
is surprised by being awake 
ahem  waaaaaaargh! that is all 
"damn i'm sore    and tired    and burned  sunlight and i aren't friends anymore  anyways, back from dark tides, peoples  aom totally beat down everyone there, so it was a whole big lot of fun "
facebook  goodnight  yeah 
"so, won't be able to make it out tomorrow seeing as how my cousin is leaving the day after  sorry, i just found this out, so i'm telling you now "
"what's greater than god, more evil than the devil, <propmale> people need it, poor people have it, and if you eat it you'll die?"
"how\ many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list?? here's \atask for you   i want all my facebook friends to post how you met me  \after your comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the \responses you get  ( keep it 100% and don't lie)"
good news everyone! wal-mart gave me a job offer! yayz 
"food, rope, plastic, clothes, medicine  someone tell me the common link between all of these, barring money "
first night of work went well  now i'm all beat and shit  and i get to do it again tonight 
sleeeeeeeeep   
waaaaaakefulness 
no one is online    gasp!
had to come home from work    feelin' sick  hopefully better by tomorrow 
t   g   i   f!!!
"you've been hacked my love  love \i love you!"
just so yall know my gamertag is drago10010
i    hate    black friday 
i'm going to kill you and all the cake is gone 
http annoyed  graphjam files wordpress com 2010 11 af3ad3e4-a212-4399-8b8c-c5da80996e4b png
dislike of wal-mart    growing    someone get me out of here!
"i miss violence    why haven't i pulverized anyone (not including digital people, you don't count!) lately?"
"it's my happy friday    about time, too "
saw this <propfemale> dileo and this <propfirst> <propfirst> racine at the mart of wal last night  this morning  hello to you!
i wub you 
http annoyed  iamawesome com 
i really hate cazadors t_t
"pokemon white    well, there goes my social life  i'ma start with tepig!"
"hold on, did a dragon just pop out of my desk?    3ds is awesome "
