693b7c95d5198f6ba0a3a09dd0fce98f
just got back from 2 weeks of backpacking    and it was incredible!!!!
guybrush threepwood has returned!!!! the legend of monkey island has returned!!!!
is getting a dog!!!!!  laugh 
"thanks all, i love you so much- this has been such a great day! sweet 16! wooh!!!  laugh "
is getting a dog!!!!  laugh 
"ok <propfemale>, we have to fly through the haha house and below the hotdogs because they fly too fast"
my dad is gay for <propfirst> depp o o
good luck to all you region band peeps!!!
curse you rehugo!!!! > surprise 
"ahhhhh, finally summer has arrived and i can relax  smile "
just got back from an awesome weekend at the lake!  smile 
best wii game ever: wario ware- smooth moves
germany rocks! 4 point shutout against australia in world cup
climbing mountains!
got to see a complete autopsy of a dog and stick my hand in a cow's stomach at csu!
whhaaaat??? brazil is out of the world cup!!!! o o
braces off in two months!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
pooool party!!! anybody up for a dip in the oakcreek pool tomorrow?
suuuuuussshhii!!!!  laugh 
inception has completely shot my perception of reality o o
"stupid acc essay, i really don't want to wright you   "
"re-reading <propmale> potter 7, gettin' pumped for the movie!!!"
one more day of acc  laugh      and then it's back to school  sad 
kick-ass is definitely kick-ass
six flags arlington is quite nice  smile 
vote for wholesome food at your local supermarket today!
have you ever wanted to be stranded on an island for a day?
"hey if anyone is interested in playing soccer this fall, my rec team needs some more players  this is a very casual league and no e playful erience is required   smile "
thanks everyone so much! i had a great day yesterday! 17 wooooo!  laugh 
"physics, calculus, and chemistry    i am slowly dying inside   "
"\a midsummer night's dream\"" audition videos are up!!!!! check them out!!!"""
hm    papaya tastes like bodily fluids and fermented tea (which apparently has live bacteria in it) tastes like vinegar    what an exotic evening!
batman saved me!
built an owl house today!
"no shoes, no problem"
spelunking!!!!!!  laugh 
i want a bean pinana for christmas  smile 
pillow fight in the dark: best moment of my life > laugh  <propfirst> phan hai-uyen nguyen <propfemale> litwin <propfemale> gill <propfirst> tucker <propmale> wu
home sweet home  love 
"i love my family: minute-to-win-its, shank-offs, and all  smile "
