797649b4edc1d43597cda12639729405
this shows you right here that i don't have a life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao
"sometimes we can take life for granted and god can snatch us back to reality, people be good stewards of whatever god gives you, never take god or life for granted and always thank god for whatever that he blesses you with "
"always walk in fear of god everyday, wake up and thank him for your life and what he has in store for you for the day, always praise him in advance  we are blessed that we are on this earth for one more day and we could have been dead and gone  god i thank you!!!! forever grateful!!!!!"
rest in peace         <propfirst> <propfirst>
i thank god for my grandparents i would be a hotmess without them! they keep me grounded and i love them for that  god is reminding me everyday of how bless i am with them  that shows me how god really loves me!!! and i love him too!!!! xoxoxo
chillin with my papa b today thanking god everyday for my st  <propfirst> fam  love ya'll       xoxo
loving my life in god!! knowing my true love is in him!!! eternal and infinite him!!! my boonopolis     lol jesus!!!! xoxoxo
<propfemale> christmas everybody hope you get what you wish for and what you need for christmas!!!! thanking god for letting me wake up this glorious morning!!!! and being with family and friends!!!
nothing staying out the way and out of trouble that's it!!!
new day for god to overflow his blessings on me!!! you live and youlearn to <propfemale> each day that god bless' you with  never take anything for granted don't misuse or abuse things that god put in your life they are there for a reason and a season!!! god bless!! fb!!! xoxoxo
if you put out love then the love will come back but is it reasonable to love and not recieve it from the person you trying to love the most?       hmmmm    think about it!
today is a cold but beautiful day its going to be warm to me    you got family friends and god warmth comes from the heart     so be kind and warm hearted to feel the love that god wants to bring to you today      xoxo
have you ever wondered in life how you got this far and what has happened between now and then  what paths you should have taken and what things you should of stayed away from what people you should have left alone and what people you should have hold on too 
i love days like these warm and <propfemale>       seeing the blessings of god right before my eyes    i love him my one and only love for real for real        
gotta do what god has called for me to do     man     it's hard but music comp and theory hear i come    had enough time to do what i wanted to do     and it didn't work quite the way i wanted to soooooo       okay god!!! dang!!   i'll do it    geeezz    lol but you gotta love him! *muah*
it's crazy how god let's you peek into peoples lives and see what trials and tribulations that they go and the sad part is they go through the same thing you go through and they never make through that        so right now i thank god for keeping his everlasting hand and eye on me     i could have beem dead!!!! but god's grace and mercy   
it's funny how the same person that treated you so bad is the same person that needs you in the end     wow     lol    karma is a mothersucker     but the true test is will you help that person in need  but on a good note had fun skating     i'm getting it!!!lol
"today doing me and staying on top     trying not to let people get me down, got to be on my hustle    oh   and r e s p e c t m y h u s t l e !!!! lol"
"words of a great philospher       \if you ain't first       you last!\""- <propmale> <propfirst>"""
biggup to my abdc champs poreotics i love them the goofy but they can dance there butts off             were number one!!!! whooooo    lol  laugh 
"just had a amazing day today, i love what god has done for me he's showing me that he really do trust me!!! and that he lovesss me to death    sigh      what an awesome god!!! you gotta love him!"
this might seem unnormal fb fam but i'm a oldies but goodies person my secret favorite movie is beach blanket bingo with <propfirst> avalon and <propfemale> funicello     lol     can't help it! old movies are interesting to me     wink 
"wondering why all these random people is adding me as there friend    sad things is i really don't know who they are and never seen them before a day in my life    lol this is freakin crazy, who gives a flip!!(bishop's voice)  smile "
god it's in your hands as of today     i'm frustrated and tired and ready to give it up to you only you know the outcome and the <propfemale> that i have  i will fully trust you on my situations and thoughts!!!
god is truly pushing me out of my comfort zone   making me use my gifts and talents   ugh   god i'm not comfortable in front of people geez  annoyed 
question! when somebody that is younger than you or the same age as you     dies  do you put your life in perspective? do you think about what legacy you leaving?
loving florida down here!!! having a much needed vacation here!!! next stop <propfemale>!! yeah man!
"happy father's day to my father's bishop <propfirst> c  mcguire, sr , my granddad and my uncles plus my dad's in my church love yall!!! thank you for keeping me on the straight and narrow even though you look at me and say she is crazy  laugh       smhlol!!!"
tallahasee here i am!!! lovin it!!! with my number one fam!!! yeah man!! bigups to my bishop <propfirst> mcguire be healed!!!
ahhh   relaxing day no work all play and got a manicure being pampered!!! i can love this!!  laugh 
today still florida tomorrow georgia(let's get it! in my jeezy voice)
watching my bishop preachng at the potters-house today!!!
sink it    jesus   sink it!!!
ahhh    back home  it sucks the vacation had to end but glad to be back home in my own bed!!! ain't nothing like being in your own bed    awww bed i miss you!!! lol
welp tomorrows my bday don't know what to do for it? maybe go to d&b(dave and busters)   hmmmmm  annoyed 
today is the day wondering hmmmm      what to do decisions decision      but thanks to all for the birthday wishes and requests!!!! and yessss papa b i'll be at church!!!!  annoyed  lolsmh
this is my confession     i be staying up late and waking up early just to see dragon ball z kai   smh     that is a dang shame!!!! got to be more careful(bishop voice)   *sigh*
doing my duty as a citizen soldier for st  <propfirst> today doing street scenes but its funny     you see everybody and there momma on the burg      smh but had fun scaring the crap out of people!!!
"if not now, when?          "
i'm searching for wisdom        oh found it!!!! proverbs   starting at chapter 15 the scripture that sticks to my ribs and is forever written on the tablet of my heart is        pro  15:1 a soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger  2  the tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness 
only way to gain true understanding knowledge and peace is reading the word  you reap what you sow       
"wellllll     was watching 300 for like the 360th time in a row looooove it!!! to surrender, to retreat is the easy way out!! fight for <propfemale>!!!!!  laugh "
just wondering if jesus came back today how many of us would be ready (i'm talking about sin free)? just wondering??        it just make you wanna say hmmm (in my arsenio hall voice)
i got heaven in my view!!!
it's funny how sometimes we war for things and never noticed we already have the victory    let me stop and relax in my victory   thank you jesus!!!!
as of today ii'm deleting my apps if you haven't heard they sending out your info  to outside companies   i cool on that one!!! how private is facebook??
i'm fine just work and no play makes me a dull girl!!      lol
ain't nothing like getting your hair done    thanks mama fe    laugh  you rock!!!! lol
i love you jesus     i worship and adore you    just want to tell you    lord i love you more than anything!!!! get stress reliever g o d!!!!! can't live without him!!!  laugh 
sooooooooo tired         but i am!!!!
to skate or not to skate that is the question?       
ojaaaayyyyy          you didn't!!! dang spider bite had me in the hospital      the worst part they want to keep me in there to be there guinea pig    i think not!!!! in the name of jesus!!!
pray for me       but in the meantime       i hope i turn into spiderwoman        lol
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
well happy birthday to all the people that i know who's birthday is today its to many of ya'll     lol
stride    get it!!!!
can't be all didactic with no kerygma and you can't be kerygma with no didactic   silly rabbit      
#697 as far as i know your have a big and warm heart always smiling    and those fond days in the choir you was quiet and timid when i was there but in the choir room evrybody trying to beat toles in connect four for five dollas
#54 yeah    what can i say about you         ummmm you was my roll dog in <propmale> class until you got beyond yourself and thought you was all that j p but    you came back to your senses and seen that i was the better most awesomest drawer    lol remember our little drawing competition between us and some other things but all around you a cool dude!!! wouldn't mind hanging out with!!!
#2010 well your fearfully and wonderfully made   your my little sister sometimes annoying in ways but i always tell you to check your flesh    but other than that i see your serious about god   and i love you so much i admire that in you reminds me of me
loving him!!! always have my back no matter what!!
since i got a new phone can everybody text me there number with there name(for those who have my number)
gotta love god never ceased to amaze me      #lovinghim
lets goooo            steelers!!!!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> to <propfemale>ryone and a <propfemale> christmas!!
you can't tell me el debarge doesn't look good for his age! come on    all the things he's been through    
"the movie \the town\"" sucks!!"""
ticking clock sucks also!!
april <propmale>' pork chops are bannngggginnn!!
he takes my breath away      but he swept me off my feet    smile 
needs a long hug and some food!!! ;p
not feeling loved        super sad face  sad 
its hard to love something truly when you are shut out from it!!! supersad face  sad  and you hope you get the <propmale> to tell them you love them truly  smile 
very bored      very very bored!!!  sad 
yeah early saturday morning class          sad 
stteeeelllllleeerrrrsss let's get it!!!  smile 
"black and yellow\black and yellow\black and yellow\black and yellow"
all you steeler haters go fishing      with yo team!!
"seriously         i watched this show called beyond scared straight, yeah i'm coo on the pen  i happy with freedom them chicks ain't no joke   also the men!"
going to get our number 7!!!! can't wait for that trophy!!!
secretly admirering:-]        
congenial conversation~ what a pleasure! the right word at the right time~ beautiful! proverbs 15:23 #getadoseofdailywisdom
congenial conversation~ what a pleasure! the right word at the right time~ beautiful! proverbs 15:23 tmsg #getadoseofdailywisdom
seriously        can we just sit back really think about things first before you do it!!
if you get easily offended by what somebody say to you and go on the defense all the time its time to look at yourself and quit playing the victim #imjustsaying
*singing* always seem to be     something in the past won't let us last   aaaahhhh
secret services mode!!!
had fun skating last night    wondering what to do tonight   hmmmmm
i'm not gonna lie i want that <propmale> jones mentality disrespect and you a male get dealt wit by my man    #love&hiphop style           wellll not exactly psychatic though lol
