3434d07dcc9574cc2b19897877a61a5d
sooooo bored      
is whatching music videos 
is telling everyone to check their events!!!!!!!
: night everyone!  smile  : )
is finally saying goodnight! luv ya tty2morrow! i'll try to be up before 11 surprise 0!!! lol i'm not even kidding 
is saying hello and good morning!  love 
just had the best bbq ever!!!
"is saying goodnight, dads orders  but i am also telling everyone to have a great 4th of july!!! so now i am going to say, bring on the 4th of july!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   love "
is telling everyone not to be angry but i have to go to summer camp on the day that i'd planned to go to the mall  now i'm still going but i'll probably be there around 5 smile 0 or 6 surprise 0  so what i want is bring money for food and stuff so you guys can linger 
is telling everyone not to be angry but i have to go to summer camp on the day that i'd planned to go to the mall  now i'm still going but i'll probably be there around 5 smile 0 or 6 surprise 0  so what i want is bring money for food and stuff so you guys can linger 
- i have to go but remember what i said!!! love you guys! love 
is telling everyone not to be angry but i have to go to summer camp on the day that i'd planned to go to the mall  now i'm still going but i'll probably be there around 5 smile 0 or 6 surprise 0  so what i want is bring money for food and stuff so you guys can linger 
i just got the cutest swimsuit at target!!!!!!!!!!!
"is logging off  can't wait till' tommorow!!!!!!!! the mall, finally!!!!! lol  smile   love "
"is logging off  can't wait till' tommorow!!!!!!!! the mall, finally!!!!! lol  smile  ?"
i am sad because somebody didn't come to the mall today when they said they would  oh and guess what? i waited at the mall for an hour!!!!!!!!
"i\m sooooooo happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile """
waiting for <propmale> to get on   
still waitin' 
i  love  dogs!!!!! lol
bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> woolf has bright blonde hair!!!!!!!!!!!!! i didn't know that!!!!!!!!
who gives homework over the summer!!!!!!! aparently our school does!!!! this just sucks!!! dad pressuring me to do 10 pages of fraction while i'm eating chips and salsa!!!!!!! my favorite snack!!!!!!!
i'll be back!
is eating easy <propmale>!  smile  don't ask why 
that is awsum <propfemale>!
i am addicted to facebook! that is all i have and want to say right now  goodnight everyone!!!!!!!!! ah that was alot of talking today  lol
"as we grow up, we learn that even the one person that wasn't supposed to ever let us down, probably will  you'll have your heart broken and you'll break others' hearts  you'll fight with your best friend or maybe even fall in love with them, and you'll cr"
hi and goodmorning!
yay! going on a roadtrip to look at a boat! what fun! ugh!!!!
just got my hair done today! i'm gonna go get a blizzard from dq!!!!!!!!!!!! <propmale>! gotta love you're <propfemale>!!!! lol   
going to dairy <propfemale> and eatin' a blizzard!!!!!!!! in yo face!
hi people   
hi?   
i'm not even tired and i feel horrible    ugh!
<propfemale> is grounded from facebook for a week while she is learning what appropriate things are to be posted on the internet!
everybody watch the video underneath if you like swimming at the lake!!!!!!  smile 
i'm not grounded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale>'s father now owns her fb <propfemale>  she is very grounded!
brb in 15
"bored, peeps who i want to talk to aren't on chat  always the same story   "
night everyone! c u 2morrow!
"there i go again, messing my life up even worse "
i made honor chorus!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooo hooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going skating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just skated the night away and i'm not even tired! lol  laugh 
people don't even want to talk to me tonight
goodnight everyone!!!!!!!!!!! c u monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"today was a looooooooong day! all day working on our deck, and it looks awsum!"
"i'm not sure how yet, but im going to find a way to walk away from the rest of the world and disapear  and i've already started walking so don't try and stop me "
got to go dad's angry goodnight everyone!!!!!!!  love 
<propfirst> doesn't hate me!!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!! lol
i feel bad for <propfirst> 
i feel bad for <propfirst> 
i got to go to christ teen in an hour  so i'll be on l8tr  bye!!!!!!
god!!! even my best friend don't even wanna talk to me!!!!!!!
75bnhnyggggkhlll \\n vkm ogt7loinjnmgy\\8888888888  lol  my cat just did all of that!!! hahahahahahahhahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm bored 
"i don't feel good  plus i have homework, might as well kill me now!"
be back on l8tr  gotta go do homework  ugh!!!!!!!
god!!!!! i hate freaking homework!!!!!!! i just spent like 2 hours on it and to think that it's just going to get graded and then thrown away!!!!!!! i hate homework!!!!!!!!!
secret life!!!!!!! gots to go!!!!!!!!!!!
not feeling good still!!!!!!!!!!!!!
15 dollar itunes gift card! gonna get myself some neew music!!!!!!!!!
"i gotta go cause i actually have to do my homework!!!!!!!!! ttyl!!!!!!!!!!!!! bye <propfirst>!!!!!!!  smile  jk i'm not like that, clingy  exspecially as a friend cuz that wuld b creepy  anyway bye!!!!!"
"i did get sick  the flue i mean, and i didn't throw up but i sure feel crummy  i have a fever of 102 and i want to go to school tommorow but i have to see if my fever goes away  as soon as i got home i took asprin and slept on my couch up till about 6:10  yup one crummy week!!!!!!  sad "
i gotta go! aparently my hands are germy and my mom doesn't want them on the computer!!!!! i might c u guyz 2morrow!!!!!!!  smile 
it wasn't the flu it was strep  i have never felt any more pain in my entire life!!!!!!!!!!!!! but i feel a whole lot better  i can actually stand and walk around    smile 
never put whipped cream on top of <propfemale> nut cheerio's!!!!!!!!!!!   it is so grosss!!!!!!
i gots to go put away clean clothes  the power of rain  i might be going to the movies later if anyone wants to go i'll be on later just comment on this post 
i'm back
i'm back still not a hundred percent  more like 79% right now  maybe even 83  idk 
not even feeling 83 percent anymore!!!!!! night and morning are when it hurts the most!!!!!
"if i were to paint my room another color, what would it be???????"
comment on it!!!!!!!!!  smile 
goodnight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cu 2morrow  ugh monday!!!!!!!
i just typed a whole rough draft on the computer and i didn't even have notes to look from!!!!!!!!!
dinner is ready so i'm a go eat  let's hope it's something good   
i'm back  dinner was wierd  anyway   
i gots 2 go do useless homework  bye!!!!!
today was a good day for me!  laugh 
my computer is so gay!!!!!!!!
gotta eat dinner!!!
"i'm bored  and eating something won't help, even though i'm eating a granola bar "
"this is some deep stuff that i wrote down today when teachers were boring me half to death it's not about anyone in our school or anyone we know  his eyes are most amazing in the dark  they collect the shadows and shine with the light underneath them  so when you finally glance at those glistening eyes, you realize how much passion he holds inside                         love it don't ya?"
"i posted this earlier but i wanted to again for anyone who didn't see it  some deep stuff that i wrote down today when teachers were boring me half to death it's not about anyone in our school or anyone we know  his eyes are most amazing in the dark  they collect the shadows and shine with the light underneath them  so when you finally glance at those glistening eyes, you realize how much passion he holds inside "
<propmale> problem!!!!!!!!!! if you were having a huge party on saturday and it was considered a <propfirst> au you would want to invite friends right? well who would u invite if your dad said u could invite only 1 person and all these names started drifting into your head????? who would you choose???? put your answers in a comment below!!!!
who's going skating!!!!!!!  smile 
nobody's going skating!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!!!! nobody's on either!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!! wah!!!!!!! i think i'm actually gonna cry!!!!!!!!
"my cat's an idiot  he tried to jump across my kitchen from the back of a chair, fell, got back up, and tried again  i also recently just learned that he is in actuality an alien  i was talking to <propfirst> and my cat was trying to walk on my computer  i picked him up and moved him  as i set him down he growled at me  i'm not talking that whinning noise they make when angry  a kitten that weighs 5 pounds growled at me!"
"since when does a cat growl!!!!! i had never heard him growl so it freaked me out  the reason that he's an idiot is, i said he was an alien, right? well, if he;s anything it should be a ghost  the cat's name is casper for cryin' out loud!!!!! i mean, who's ever heard of an alien named casper!!!!!!!!!! my cat, casper, is an idiotic alien "
whew! i got to go do homework and i admitted something tonight that makes me not even the least bit releived!
trying to keep him off of my mind         
bye!
goodnight!!!!!!!!!  smile 
leaving for the bus at 8 smile 5 
today's going to be an interesting day      
got to go get ready to leave!!!! see u guys at school!!!!!  smile  friday!!!!
"i'm back, was gonna invite <propfirst> to a party but he's not on and i'm not supposed to be either but i just wanted to say hi  so hi   smile  c u guys tuesday!!!!!!!"
i'm drinking a coke  beware           
yeah!!!! <propfirst>'s coming to the par-tay!!!  smile 
i'm phsyced for tommorow night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ah      coke  lol
best week of my life!!!!!! it's goin' down in history!!!!!!!!!!
scratch that       make this the worst week of my life
"it got a centimeter better, so now i don't want to hate myself as much"
going to blackwell's fall festival be back latah       
to many memories from blackwell came back when i went to the fall festival  it was wierd     
the key to happiness is to share uniqueness with the world  wow       not exactly deep but it works      lol  see you monday!  laugh 
"i cried at my dad's wedding yesterday  it was beautiful! the cake was great, everybody looked awsum and everyone had fun! <propfemale>'s party was da bomb!!!!!!!!! loved it!!!!!    @"
gotta go eat dinner  i'll be right back    
night everyone! mom says i've had to much facebook      how did that hapen? nevermind! anyway night everybody see you tommorow!
i feel like i'm in heaven  i've never been happier in my life  this monday was the first monday that could've ever been considered great  i have a date to the dance already and i didn't even have to ask him to go with me   love 
goodnight everyone!!!!!!!!! see you tommorow!!!!!!!!  surprise ) lol
i'll be back homework!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm drinking a sour apple slushie from qt  god! i love sugar!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol  surprise )
"my dad just tried to melt it cuz it's solid and he dropped it on the floor  now he's trying to get my two dogs and <propfemale> cat to lick it up          parents, what are we gonna do with them?!"
got to eat dinner might be bak on l8tr            
tommorow's going to ba an amazing day! i can feel it now! nite!  laugh 
"the best night of my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! he must really love me because he just saw me at my worst  no makeup on, drenched from the downpour, and shivering! but he still stayed with me!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!"
morning! i gots to go eat breakfast
wah! to many huge assignments       got to go do one right now      blech    
omg now that u said cheez-its u made me hungry!!!!!!!!!!!
i got cheese and crackers        it's close enough to cheez-its  i guess    
i have the song funhouse stuck in my head           ugh!!!!!!! i'm gonna go eat something     brb   
bored     i finally get my fb back and noone i need to talk to is on lol               smile 
talkin' to gray     we've been talking for like an hour!! lol     haha
check out my halloween pictures!!!!!!!  comment!!!!!!!  me and gray talked for 2 hours tonight!!!!!!!!!!  lol  see u guys tommorow at school!!!!! laugh 
"bored, tired, and lonely       wow     i need choclate or something     idk lol hahaha"
the weirdest thing just happened to me in the car! i was listening to the song one time and as soon as it was over i changed the station and it was on at the halfway <propfirst>  i listened to it and then the song what'd you say came on  as it finished i changed the <propfemale>  the song was on at the halfway <propfirst>  i listened to it and then got out of the car  it was freaky!!!!! like 2 of my favorite songs!!!!!!!
i love him and he knows           see you on wednsday      love you
sick     but all i want to do is go ot school so i can see friendz       
still in my pj's   
bor-ed      chat anyone?????
gots to go     see u guys tommorow!!!!!!!!! bye     haha lol nevermind inside joke
i can't stay on facebook for long but anyone in honor chorus      i need a ride!!!!!!!!!! for tommorow and friday!!!!!!!!! urgent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need  rideto honor chorus rehearsal tommorow and fiday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! urgent!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale>! check ur email   
"i really don't want to go to school tommorow     to much drama, to much pain, and it hurts to look around and see someone so familiar yet they look at you like they barely know you  there's so much distance in their eyes you wonder if they're still on planet earth         "
my life has been really wierd lately     still single    not complaining    mental emotional block    can't get past it     it'd be easier to sum it up and just say i was confused    
gray wants to let everybody know that he's awsum        rock on gray hahaha   
bored      stupid homework   i would still have someone to talk to if it weren't for books   
heartbreak pulls on your shoulders    the thought of him lingers in the corner of your mind    the answers pound hard against the wall that appeared to seperate what's right and wrong 
just as you've made your desicion you walk away feeling proud      until you remember that whatyou two were feeling wasn't the same as before    and you realize that there will always be so much more to see than heartbreak and blue eyes      
confused   horrible day at school    y would u even want to write a phone number on your hand    wat happens when u raise ur hand to answer a problem and the teacher sees it?! ugh               confused       
it wasn't me that had writing on my hand    i'm angry at someone who wrote their phone number on someone's arm    and i'm angry at the person that let them cuz she swore she wouldn't hurt me like that        
keep it positive!!!!! see you guys tommorow     
ohmygosh there's so much drama in our school!!!!!!!!!! in some ways it's a good thing in others it's so bad   but this time it's just different    
i'm gonna kill zavian!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!!!! he can't talk bad about my friend's at all!!!!!!!!!
should i be team <propmale> or team <propfirst> this time around??? you decide for me    
happy happy happ-a!!!!!!!!
new <propfemale> is coming closer and closer into my reach !!!!!!!!1
going to see new <propfemale> tommorow with gray and ari!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooo hooo!!!!!!!!!!!
if you wanna talk to me you're going to have to send me a message because my chat's not working!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to see new <propfemale> with gray and ari tommorow night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm going to get lots of <propfemale> to make up for the load that la vona ate!!!!!!!!!!!
"i'm out of my mind, i'll be back in 5 minutes  always remember!!!!!!!! when words fail, music speaks     listen to music when you don't know what to say!"
bored!!!!!!!!!!! noone's on and my dad won't let me change the channel on the tv so all i can watch is football! no offense to football lovers!
i only have one sweet tart left and it's green    
i changed my profile picture again and i still don't like it!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't take good pictures!!!!!!!! i can't take a single good picture!!!!!!!!!!  ugh!!!!!!!!!!!
i think i like my picture now!!!!!!!!!! i found one that was part of fright fest and i like it alot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! when i look at it it makes me feel pretty   haha
bored           noone to talk to    want to talk to someone!!!!!!!!!
eating simply asian    yum!  smile 
bored again     
is eating a lime green slushie    hehehehehe lol    
leaving for mom's house    whatching twilight for a look back tonight! hahaha   lol ttyl
bored    mom's house   trying to plan something this weekend with some peopls   
"listening to the sounds of life   hard, but it helps   "
i can't beleive emily     at least i have someone else to think about instead of flaming up in someone elses face
i'n tired   got my hair done today! it's cute but my camera isn't being nice so i can't upload my pictures    
got my hair cut and colored but it's curly again because of the stupid steam in my shower        sad     anyway    can anyone talk?
bored    noone to talk to at 10 in the morning     bleh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! noone to talk to!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
are we friends or not?
it's raining in echoville  there's no more sunshine  my sunshine hates me now       sad   please accept my apoligizes so i can sing you are my sunshine to you       sad 
why does this time of year always suck for me???  crying 
i just ate 2 peices of red <propfemale> cake!!! i licked the plate clean     hahaha  playful 
"borrred   haha  seriously though, i am "
happy thanksgiving all of you guys!!! hope it was great! can't wait till' tommorow      i gots somewhere to go!!! finally!!!!!!!!!!
going to dinner in 5  can't wait!!!!!
great night!!!!!!!!!!!!! he must really like me to go on a date with both my parents and his there at the same table       i repeat    great night!!!!  smile 
bored tonight was funn    i'd be happier if he were on though     
tonight is going to be labeled as one of the best nights of my life    ahhhh gotta love it!  love 
going to pick out a christmas tree with my mom soon     
some of my champions are getting gifts this year!!! what do you want!!! <propfemale>? <propfemale> pilson? <propfemale>? ari? think hard!!! under a 15 dollar limit!!!!!!!!
i gots my christmas tree and now i'm really happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"going to watch the <propfemale> clause with my mom!!! tradition, tradition, tradition!!! if you need me then call me!!!!!!!!"
bored    today went by soooo fast      need somebody to talk to   
"today was a long, hard, and horrible day     <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> already know why      stressed    looking forward to that benadryl tonight       "
"god, please let me get some decent sleep tonight!!! i don't think i'll be able to stand tommorow if i get just one or two hours of sleep tonight!!! wish me a good night's sleep everyone   lol"
god   my day sucked hard    i bet you 5 dollars it's gonna be worse tommorow        wait   then you'd owe me more than a thousand dollars     good luck finding that money    
"i didn't know letting go of a friend could hurt so much  i guess that means that she was a great one  i'm crying harder than i did when my parents got divorced  do you remember that <propfirst>? i called <propfirst> because the good friend that i just lost was mad at me because we were in a fight  i'm sorry for wasting all those years of your life, i'm sorry for everything   crying "
on one side of my mind i feel like i've let her go but on the other i feel like i should be friends with her because i'm sorry    and she said she was sorry    idk what to do    fun tommorow??? nope don't think so
is sooooooo angry!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have to go to a christmas concert two nights in a row and it's going to make me mad!!!!! it's messed up my whole weekend!!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not angry anymore  i had the voices of angels lighten my mood  loved the concert! can't wait to go again tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale>!!!!!!!! message me!!!!!!!!!!!!
wondering why one of her besties won't talk to her     
not wondering anymore can't wait til tommorow    make that later today    for something to happen    for once this weekend    lol
borrred   stupid homework  bout to go get me some chinese food   mmm    lol
ate chinese food  it didn't help though    sad    don't ask why    i'll just say too much drama    
"borrred    stupid fortune cookies    they gave us 3 so i ate two and one of them had two fortunes in one so    my fortunes say: answer just what your heart prompts you to  watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved  your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded  what are those supposed to mean??? i've already asked <propmale> and he had some good ideas    "
bored    stupid freaking homework!!!!! i was supposed to write one big acrostic poem using the word government and it was suposed to be about six other governments and instead i wrote six seperate ones on each type of government so now i'm way behind on everything    
"it really hurts to think that people that used to be my best friends can come to one of my concerts and say that they're only coming to see sunnni and totally forget about me  i mean, it's my favorite thing in the world and you couldn't even pretend just a little bit that you cared? thanks alot   "
"some things in life just don't turn out like you thought they would  that's the whole point of life; to make changes and have adventures, even if they seem scary at first  that's what i'm doing right now, starting my scary adventure   smile "
hahaha   on one of my adventures i made a new discovery!!! i found a new friend   
about to go get ready for church  we're going to a candlelight christmas mass  i actually can't wait   haha
church was good  <propfemale> christmas everybody!!!  smile  have a good one!!!
i gots a new fone and it's green and it's awesome  <propmale> awesomeness sitting in my pocket right now    did i say how much awesomeness this phone gives off???
i gots a new fone and it's green and it's awesome  <propmale> awesomeness sitting in my pocket right now    did i say how much awesomeness this phone gives off??? text me at 6789232107     peace!
i love my phone    hahahahahaz     lolness   
home  borred    text me!
"bout to go to bed   not really but i'll be in my room so yeah  school tommorow, euw     never any snow days in <propfemale> and i guess it has to stay that way  exspecially for cobb county    ugh "
hey   borred  <propfemale> was supposed to come over but she hasn't answered so yeah  borred   dont text me cuz i got my fone taken away   just use chat  haha lol chat me   smile 
people spend too much time looking at where they're walking when they need to be looking at the clouds and stars     smile 
i am so happy that i have shows to watch now! ha ha       except maybe there aren't as many american idols out there as we thought there were  there are some that are reallllly good  then there are some really baddddd ones too  i can't wait to be up there on that stage giving my all     laugh   laugh   laugh 
the only thing making me smile right now is the lyrics to two is better than one  i love that song      smile 
ugh  i hate when life isn't working out  i hate when you can just tell that your life is gonna suck the next day  i hate when the same song that plays every time you hate your life comes on when youre writing this  > sad 
i'm listening to me and <propfemale>'s song   crying    crying    crying   i wish there were a solution! ahh too many tears this new year of 2010  heres emilys part    wahhhhh      crying 
now they're playing fifteen! the song me <propfemale> and <propfemale> would all sing at the lunch table    wahhhhhh  crying   crying   crying 
tonite is family nite! yay! tonite we get to tear up the kitchen floor together! what fun! we're replacing it with hardwood     woohoo!
"and you shall run and wander, and you shall dream and sing, of brave things and bright things beyond the swallows wings  and you shall envy no man, nor hurt your heart with sighs, for i will keep you simple, that god may make you wise   i love that song!!! it's called for a child and it's one of our chorus peices and it always, always, always, gets stuck in our heads for the rest of the day   lol"
all of the girls in chorus need to check their inboxes as soon as they can!!! things written in the letter need to take action pretty dang quickly or there's going to be consequences!!!!!! not even kidding!!!          -<propfemale> <propfirst>
tearing up your kitchen floor is sooooooo much harder than you think!!!!!!!!!!!!! we found 4 different types of linoleum underneath of our top coat of linoleum in just the hallway and kitchen    my dad and la vona are still at it   they insist that they want to rip everything out tonight when im ready to pass out   ugh   
borrrred           
"morning everybody!!!! guess who's spending the day with bridie, <propfemale>, and maybe <propfemale> volero? meeeeeeeee!!!!!hahahaha     love you guyzzz!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile "
"ugh   i hate those stupid charts for social studies   i couldnt get my contacts this weekend so i have to go on wednsday      i'm upset that i couldn't get them this weekend and im pretty sure <propfirst> is too  i'm not taking my glasses off for you!!! and no, i don't love you!!!! making sure you know that cuz u sure think that i do, and i dont, i really dont!!!!!! > sad "
going night night    c u guys tommorow   ugh school!
"i am so jealous of <propfemale>! she's so pretty!!! ugh, if u get a <propmale> to do anything, check out her profile pictures    gorgous photos   gosh   "
"he knows i like him, but not how much   ughhhhhh   if only he knew   maybe it would change things, maybe not   idk  i don't think he'll ever know   not unless i tell him   ughhh"
i wish j c  were still here  just as a friend  i just need someone to talk to that's not a girl  i'm tired of talking to girls   idk y though   i just don't have any successful relationships with guys    even if it is just a friendship   ugh   i miss u j c  even if u did break up with me just because u were moving   i don't care at this point   
"i hate when you go back and look at what actually went on after a huge serving of drama and you realized, crap    that could've been my fault, or it could've been their fault by lying to you, but you'll never know because you can't fix what u or they broke    ugh   i  hate  drama "
i hate my life!!! ughhhhhhhh       crying 
i hate my life 
"if someone says trust me, do you? if someone says believe me, will you? if someone says i'm your shoulder to cry on, will you cry on their shoulder? will they really be there to lend you their shoulder? can you trust them? and are you able to believe them? ask yourself these questions the next time you're getting to know someone   "
"i hate my life, i hate myself and i feel horrible on top of all that  i thought this whole time he had lied to me, when really it was all my fault    i'm in a state of feeling sorry and hating myself   i can't even talk to him to tell him all that   not that it's going to change anything, cuz i know it's not, but if you're reading this, i'm sorry  i never even should've asked u how far u would go   i'm sorry "
"everyone's mad at me  i really don't give a crap if they are or aren't  i know part of it's my fault but you guys need to get ur nose out of my buisness!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gosh   you learned that in kindergarden   there's way too much drama at our school  all of you players need to drop whatever reputation you have  because if you haven't noticed, noone cares about it!!!!!!!!!!!! stop breaking girls' hearts!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i'm gonna ask my parents if i can move back home to live with family  i didn't do anything and everybody's yelling at me accusing me of things i didn't do and calling me things i'm not  right now considering that i'm crying because of drama, something needs to change  i'm sorry for all of you out there that don't want me to move  <propfemale>, you'll always be my sister and i need you to know that  i'll miss you chorus!  crying "
frendz over havin funnn   haha u kno ur all jealous! lol
talkin to jacob   woods   haha hez funnifull   lol
i love u guys   gtg nite nite! haha ttyl!  laugh 
hoping to upload some pictures from jekyll if i can find them  check out my info box under my profile pic  i changed it up  hope you like it!  smile 
"so so what, i am a rock <propfemale>, i got my rock moves, and i don't need you tonite! i'm alright, i'm just fine, and i'll show you!    or something of that nature haha lol  laugh "
"friends are forever and boys are whatever   haha as if  i mean i get the whole friends are forever part, cuz they are, but not all boys are whatever   lol  laugh  (trust me   i know a few of both   haha)  laugh "
i guess i get to think for the rest of the afternoon   hmm   no shortage of thought now and that's for sure   lol haha   yeah   need to replace some bad decisions with good ones   hmmm    funnn   lol
hearts with question marks on them flutter in and out of my thoughts today   hmmm   
life has been good to me lately     laugh 
i gots an amazing boyfriend!  laugh 
urgh   i downloaded pictures and now they won't show up in the file   urgh  i'm gonna figure this out 
yay! i finally downloaded my pictures that i wanted to download! hahahaha   check them out! they're under the album me and <propfemale>!!!  laugh  please regard the picture of me looking like a mouse   lol  laugh 
hmmm   i sure hope this doesn't backfire on me   lol
single and not for long either   lol
ok   so aparently <propmale> went out with me to make me look good   haha   it didn't work   idk if it did or not   oh well   check his status and see what he said   oh yeah   
ohmygod  <propmale> blocked me from his facebook bcuz he thinks i still like <propfirst> and <propfirst>  i don't  everybody needs to get over that idea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i like someone else and ur gonna figure it out in time!!!!!!
i sooo regret going out with <propmale> woods  never ever making that mistake again!  smile 
"ok   well i am seriously tired so i'm going to sleep  hopefully till noon but knowing my father, he'll probably wake me up at 8 or 9   yay    not  ok well nite everyone!  smile "
"i had a super day! at lunch, i got my fone taken by mrs  anderton because i was texting  it's lunch! who am i going to disrupt at lunch?!?! then she gave it to mrs  lyons who decided to read my text messages! then she took everyone's fone while walking down the hallway  then i got home and went to call my mom  no home fone service  so now i'm home alone with no fone to call my mom and tell her about my super day "
"i am so ready to figure out if i made the squad!!!! too much anticipation!!! lol  i love u <propfemale> spire, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> graff, <propfemale> valero, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> dixon, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propmale> grace, <propfemale> reynolds, <propfirst> newcome, <propfemale> foshee, <propfirst> lowry, and allllllll of the girls who strutted their stuff tonight at tryouts!!! i love you guys!!!  laugh "
i'm glad to be a cheerleader! haha i'm extremely bored    lol
i'm kinda sunburnt   owie    haha  i'm going tan though   haha   yummilicious   lol  they should make a type of gum called yummilicious   or yogurt or something   lol random! hehe
"i'm bored   kinda curious about something but idw say anything to that person   idk how to go upon saying the things i wanna say anymore   on the bright side, today was a good day! haha  laugh "
chat is really stupid  lol  watching <propfirst> lambert on american idol 
"ok   when they take a look back at the signers journeys when the people on american idol get booted off, it gets really sad   it made me cry tonight   lol"
singer here  got advice recently to try harder so i'm going to   from someone close  i thank them for that   smile 
can't wait to see sanctimonium perform on saturday!!!  laugh  bringin my girls with me    i luv u <propfemale> and bridie!!!! haha  smile  my birthday is sunday!!! yay!
good day today! thanx for the hug <propfirst>! lol   can't wait till my b-day!!! finally 13   haha  laugh 
"can anybody find me, somebody to love? idk yet    i haven't talked to anybody   but there are people i really care about   and no  that does not mean <propfirst> guerra  or <propfirst> <propfirst>  or jacob   huh   (shivers in duisgust) lol  yeah   anyway   "
"i feel great right now  new friends make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside   haha  well not new  more like i'm getting to know you better  for instance, <propfirst>, bridie, tucker   (just recently), <propmale>, carter    and a whole bunch of people  i'm glad too  i'm super confident even though all this crap has happened to me  i never thought it would end like this but now i'm glad it has   laugh  ily guyz! haha  laugh "
waiting for <propfirst> to get on fb   gots to talk to him   lol
i'm good now   well i think i'm gonna call it a night   maybe   lol idk yet   let me stay on a little longer see what i think   haha
was thinking about logging off until she realized <propfirst> was on   smile  haha
night night everybody!  smile 
i am so freaking excited for tonite!!!! hahaha   cant wait to see everyone   even tho its just been a day   lol  i  love  u guys!!!  laugh 
"the best birthday ever!!! no joke! i went hiking with <propfemale> and bridie and my mommy this morning, then we went to pick up <propfirst> and we went and had lunch at o'charley's  guess who our waitress was??? <propfemale>'s mom!!!  laugh  i  love  birthdays!!! i wish u could have more than one     sad  haha thanks for all the presents everyone!!!!  laugh  i love you guys!!!  laugh "
haha thanx everybody for the presents and the happy birthday's   time for it to come to a close     crying  it's so sad!!! i don't want it to end     crying  oh well another one next year to look forward to i guess     laugh  with  love  <propfemale>
sad that my birthday is over   it was a really good day today   minus the fact that some people still don't get that i don't care what they say   they'll even try to talk super loud like hey did u say that about <propfemale>?! yeah it gets stupid after the first word   get over urselvezzzzz       
"if you could be anything you want to be, do not choose to be a teenage girl!!!  crying "
long day   i hate feelings   bad feelings i mean  like being sad and mad  they just get in the way of life     sad 
ok i've got my entire cheer uniform now! yay! haha  i feel better now  and not just because <propfemale>'s mom told me to make my facebook happier   lol luv u!  laugh 
"i'd love to stay on and chat, but there's school tommorow and i'm not pretty without sleep   lol  night night everybody! -the singing groupie  love "
"there's a place downtown, where the freaks all come around, it's a hole in the wall, it's a dirty free for all, hahaha    luv that song!!! when you get a <propmale> look up the song still around by 3oh!3   it's amahzing!!! my fav song evah!  laugh "
"there's a mountain between us  but there's one thing i'm sure of, that i know how i feel about you  can we bring yesterday back around? cuz i know how i feel about you now  i was dumb, i was wrong, i let you down  now i know how i feel about you now     laugh  haha  about you now, <propfemale> cosgrove"
"saying sorry to someone, when you don't mean it, is so overrated  brought to you by: <propfemale> spire - the <propfemale> that rises in the morning!  laugh  lol i love you <propfemale>! haha"
"this week was amahzingggg!!!! hahaha!  laugh  i love the weekends   someone text me so we can get together! hey soul sister, ain't that mister mister on the radio stereo, the way u move aint fair u know    i love my sisters!  laugh "
love the song never let you go by <propfirst> beiber!!!! idc what u people say about him   he still has good songs  idc if u think he sings like a girl   not alot of guys have as good of a voice as he does
"i, i'll get by, i, i'll survive, when the world's crashing down, when i fall and hit the ground, i will turn myself around, don't u try and stop it, i, i won't cry, i found myself in wonderland, get back on my feet again, is this real, is it pretend, i'll take a stand until the end     love that song!!! pretty when i sing it! <propfemale> by <propfemale> lavigne  laugh "
"take me, this is all that i've got, this is all that i'm not, all that i'll ever be, i've got flaws, i've got faults, keep searching for your perfect heart, it doesn't matter who you are, we all have our scars, we all have our scars  ?"
and u can strut around with that sexy tank of oxygen   hahahahahahah    kesha is so funni      d-i-n-o-s-a-u-r a dinosaur! ahahaha
night everyone  another night of restless sleep     crying 
borrrred   mikayla is sleeping  lol  i don't blame her  still having fun tho  playin with her hampster tigga   laugh 
with mikayla   i just called her and woke her up   hehe  we're in the same room and she was sleeping (obviously) lol    she gave me that look like what was the point of that    hehe to wake her up! she didn't wake up when i texted her  i said wakeup sleepyhead   lol
"idk why i always do something to make me hate myself  i know, i shouldn't hate myself   but i do  and all my mistakes just keep adding up and i hate how people can use that against me  it's not my fault   i try really hard and you can use my mistakes against me, but that only makes you a rude and mean person  get over yourselves  i love you ms  <propmale>!!! lol"
when you people get a <propmale> u need to look up dear <propfemale> also known as <propmale> <propmale> on youtube!!! he's amazinggg!!! and sweet!  laugh  every girl will love him   !!!
uh   tired   from crying today  rest in peace mrs  canfield  we loved you! we still do and we always will!
my dad got me looking for my future car online tonight and so now we've all agreed that when i get all my money and i can learn how to drive i will get a 1998 nissan altima   laugh  i can't wait to driveeeee    lol it's blue   hehe
"when i needed you, you were there  when i was crying, you were there to cry with me  when i needed a place to stay, you welcomed me with open arms  thank you for everything  i could never forget you  i will never forget you  don't forget to remember  me  i'll remember you "
"too much to remember when it comes to plans and responsibilities  too much to forget when it comes to memories, friends, and promises  you can't forget what's important to you  don't let yourself "
i thought it hurt to learn that someone's died but having to figure out that you only have two weeks left to spend with one of your best friends before they switch schools         that hurts just as much   crying   crying   crying   i love you mikayla!
field day was alot of fun today! i was angry when my mom picked me up right before the two teams battled for the winner   i had to go to the dentist  urg  just set up a youtube account under singingstar303   look me up if u got a youtube account!! no videos yet but soon to be!  smile 
i'm sitting right next to mikayla and we both have computers  i love chat we're both on facebook   guess what we're doing  lol
"i'm bout to go sit in a hot tub while it's storming  best time to do that right??? lol   if i get electrocuted, mikayla's getting shocked with me  lol   no! don't laugh!!! i'm serious "
so it's 3:40 and me and mikayla just got inside from being in the hot tub  we got in the hot tub at 11:15  that's over 4 hours!!!  laugh  i love sleepovers  bubbles! (insider) lol   
"guess what?!?! i'm going to seaworld!!!!!!!! with my bestest friend mikayla!!!!! on monday!!!! lol!!! then she's probably going to watch the masters with me!!! yayayayayayay!!! tommorow's the last day of school and i know i'm gonna cry   lol  it's really sad when u lose two friends year after year   last year it was <propfirst> and esthela, this year it's <propfemale> and mikayla   nobody moves next year!!! got it?! lol  laugh "
tired  whatching scary movies   bored  stayed home cuz i didn't wanna go boating  just spent like 9 entire days either at the beach or the pool  <propfemale> <propfirst> does not want sun poisoning  lol
bored out of my mind  my room is so hot it could be a sauna   i'm just sweating while sitting on my bed  i have two fans running in my room!!! how is this possible   ugh 
watchin icarly   haha <propfirst>'s in juvie   hahaha   good job  lol
i want to go to the mall so freakin bad!!! urg  both of my parents are workin and noone can take me   crying   do you know how long it's been since i've been to the mall? just to shop? well let's just say   maybe since march or april and that was for a birthday party  =o
"there are so many freaking videos for <propmale> by lady gaga!!! i watched like 3   haha  if you don't like this post, don't comment  thank you  =p"
i have no plans whatsoever for the 4th of july  my family lives in ohio  just my mom and me   i got my hair done today   looks good  yup   kinda depressing     *sigh*
"the 4th of july and i don't have any plans  see, i would make my mom go buy fireworks, then again, i don't want our house to burn down   even sparklers! or those poppy thingies   i'm depressed   "
bored  don't feel good  my neighbors invited us over to their house to watch fireworks tommorow   at least some part of this weekend got better   hmm
i miss my family   in ohio  really badly  tear face   crying 
i have mixed feelings   happy then sad   tears of joy? idk   well they are right now 
i really don't know what's going to happen this upcoming year but i'm terrified because this is the big year   then high school  i wanted to grow up but not this fast  changes happen   just like relationships and people change   sometimes you don't want them to   
tirreedddd   *yawn*   lol      nothing to do   idw watch tv   i'm kinda hungry   hmmm   
school was surprisingly great today   haha  i like my classes   hmm spanish   no comprendo? did you know that queso blanco is white queso??? jk   i knew that 
ok so i was going to change from p e  to general music tommorow but my mom's worried that i'm not gonna get p e  she wants to talk to ms  murrell  i don't even have any gym clothes and we're supposed to dress out tommorow!!! ugh it's just a connection!!!
ok  i know it's been awhile but check out the photos of sand in my pics  they're from spring break and i caught those pictures while we were driving 
"hangin with my new old best friend mikayla bower  bout to go to racetrack  yummm haha idk  i was bored, and we all know how that goes   lol  laugh "
i'm bored  chat me up! lol  ari was right   that does kinda sound stupid when u say it  lol
nighty night facebook   smile   love 
i don't feel good   sad  my stomach hurts and i've got a headache  i can't stop getting goosebumps 
me and _______ would make a great couple copy this status and see who you get 
"i can't believe i'm saying this but, i miss you     sad "
bastante poco mentirosos  love 
"aria to <propmale>: you're a freak, but i love you  <propmale> to aria and emily: oooh what happens if i touch it? (they're hair was full of hairspray  lol)  laugh "
buenas noches facebook!  smile 
"cry for you\        by: september\forever and ever, life is now or never,\forever never comes around,\people love and let go,\forever and ever, life is now or never,\forever's gonna slow you down,\\you'll never see me again,\so now who's gonna cry for you?\you'll never see me again,\no matter what you do "
"watching the finale of so you think you can dance  so beautiful   smile  \wear all black tommorow? all?"
school   i hope i chose a good outfit   lol  learning? not so much    i don't wanna!  sad  lol
"i stand still as you walk past me  i go to say \you can't quit\"" but nothing comes out  how could i think someone as gorgeous as you could like someone like me?"""
is it possible to be at the right place at the right time but the event that's supposed to happen doesn't because it's not supposed to? what if it is supposed to but it just doesn't? idk   something to think about   
"i'm confused   crying   love  \every time i try to get what i want   something else happens  something une playful ected  like a slap in the face when u just wanted ice cream!!!  crying "
"i stand still as you walk past me  i go to say \you can't quit\"" but nothing comes out  how could i think someone as gorgeous as you could like someone like me?"""
"happy   smile  hopefully this feeling will last longer than one night this time  annoyed \please give me good cards god   !  smile "
good night facebook  please be a good day tommorow   annoyed   playful 
wrote a new song tonight   i had some new inspiration  i don't wanna jynx it but i think it's one of my best pieces     playful    smile 
i'm sad now   i only have one person to text  but the person i really wanna talk to had to go     sad   like this if that's happened to you before   
i'm sad now   i only have one person to text  but the person i really wanna talk to had to go     sad  like this if that's happened to you before   
"i'm analyzing my dreams   lol  \thecuriousdreamer com \look it up, click on dream analyzer and then type in a description of our dream and it tells you possibilities of why you're dreaming that way and what it means"
i loooooove the song the house that built me by <propfemale> lambert   love it   lol  just got done with homework   tirrrreeeeddd  lol 
having a good break   besides the fact that i don't feel good     sad 
"i'm just starting to see my future and what it could be like  only now, i see my future with the possibility of you being in it  it differs from day to day   one day you walk in   the next you could walk out  all i have to say, is if you know that this is about you, i really hope i get to see you in my future   love   smile "
"today was a good day   somewhat  lol  <propfirst> norton, hm   idk what to do with you  please keep my secret  i'm begging u  <propmale> <propmale>, please keep my <propfemale> promise  lol thanks guys! good friends     smile  hehe  don't ask what my secret is because that would be demeaning to my status   lol "
i'm cold  and i just feel like   i feel like i could cry but i'm so tired of crying  it does nothing  i just wish that someone i liked would like me  for once  please  cuz aparently i'm wierd and i have alot of things wrong with me  i'm so over heartbreak  it just sucks   ya know? cuz i know all too well   
i feel better  a good(cold) night's sleep kinda helped me cope   i guess you could say  i don't have room in my life for people that act like that   i hope i never will 
cold   and tired   game tonight   project yet   paper to write   drinkin coke   hm   
urg  it was so cold at the game  thanks @<propmale> trujillo for sending the cheerleaders a supportive text  we try so hard to cheer u guys on and finally someone realizes it  love my fellow cheerleaders! lol   playful 
"just got home from the chorus concert  we were   well, the only thing i can really say is   i can't believe we pulled it off  hahaha  laugh  jk   we were good   but i still can't believe how good it got   lol  i love our solo-ists  mr  toren <propmale> and mrs  <propfemale> <propmale>   smile  we have you to thank for our incredible applause   playful "
i am so tired and stressed right now   i'm about to cry   for the second time tonight  i've been stressed for weeks and it smooshed me like an elephant tonight  i'm about to give up   no kidding  all day i was hoping to get my phone when i came home but i guess i'll have to wait 7 more weeks     crying 
ok so i'm still freaked about that horrible nightmare   
i'm scared to go upstairs in my dad's house because of a nightmare i had last night   it seemed so real   extremely freaky  my room's upstairs     crying        -freakin' out
loves her new profile picture   love  still has a picture on her hand   because of a certain <propmale> sadler  lol   laugh 
it was a good game tonight   (we didn't win)   love our team!!! (maybe we can win next game?) let's make our last game a good one! love my fellow cheerleaders!!! at my sister mikayla bower's house  love you guys!!! peace   
"i want some cheese, cheese, cheese, wombat, cheese  my <propfemale> must be broken   lol haha  phineas and ferb has its moments "
night facebook   so many things to think about   
hey check out this vid chat room with 24 people in it - http annoyed  tinychat com fantasii
what are you doing? come join me in this chat http annoyed  tinychat com fantasii
at mikayla bower's house  jamming out   playful 
what are you doing? come join me in this chat http annoyed  tinychat com fantasii
bored? come video chat with me at http annoyed  tinychat com fantasii
monday is tommorow  i'm not really feeling it  lie>>>>i'm not feeling it  at all   lol
"ok  i'm not 100% sure, but i'm pretty sure i didn't lose my ipod  it's been missing for a few weeks   i miss it alot  if someone stole it, i would love it if u returned it to me!!! it's green  thanks!!!"
uhhhhhh i'm so angry  so someone stole my ipod and i have absolutely no idea where it is or who has it   my mom won't let me get another one because she doesn't want it to get stolen  do you think if i get another ipod i'm gonna let someone steal that one too?!?!?!?! i ask her if i can get an itouch and she tells me no because we'll have to pay for it monthly   not if u don't get internet!!! > sad 
"ughhhhhh  i'm so angry right now  whoever stole my ipod, i hate you "
"ok! if anybody wants or needs their hair cut, check out davao salon right here on facebook  my mom works there and it's an amazing salon full of awesome people that *won't* give you a crappy haircut  seriously!!! check it outttt  if anyone asks, tell them <propfemale> told you about it or <propfemale> told u about it  k? good deal   playful "
chattin with mah friends   i'm tired  all i wanna do is sleep now  i'm gonna wake up tommorow morning tired again  i took a nap yesterday   i don't even know how many hours it was   i fell asleep reading a book  i didn't even put the book <propfirst> in  i just need one day to sleep like crazy 
night facebook   playful 
i'm in a tinychat @ http annoyed  tinychat com lolpepsnostalkers
i love you but drugs aren't for me  i get high off of just being me   smile   love 
"i'll be wherever you are, i'm your shooting <propfemale>   love "
"ok  so last night, i put my rubber bands on my braces  i did not take them off in the middle of the night, and this morning i woke up and they were gone        ? i think i swallowed them   lol  playful "
i miss my baby   sad    love 
i'm eating a fudge pop  nom nom nom  laugh 
night facebook  love 
i like gum    and snow   and beds    and being comfortable  playful    smile 
"wow  i never knew waiting for the final cast decision for a middle school musical could make u feel so nervous and upset  what if you don't get the part you wanted? well   you get to be one of the ladies of the kingdom  \the ladies in waiting   \"" yeahhh     heart-broken """
whatever happens   good job   good luck   and get out! *<propfemale> aggravain* only tommorow will tell  -  love 
"i didn't get the part i wanted in the musical  that's fine cuz i kno the person who got it is an amazin actress  she'll be great  i'm confused tho cuz she didn't audition for it  laugh  it's watever lol  in reality, i don't think i have a part  might be a problem lol  *there are no small parts, only small actors * i kno i'm short, but can you have a role so small you don't kno about it? lol  i think somethin's wrong here "
hey people of facebook! i'm bored and surprisingly in a good mood  someone should talk to me! who is going to be the lucky person   ?   smile 
happy birthday <propfirst> bieber!!!!!!  laugh  i wore purple today for you! let's start partyinnn!!!  wink   who's with me?!? lol
night night facebook! <propfirst> bieber: have a good night! make the rest of this birthday amazing  smile 
"hey facebook  today was an   interesting day  not bad though   just funny   and surprising   lol  e playful ecially since i had a bag of ice to my face the entire day  whenever someone looked at me it's like they were thinking \who the crap punched <propfemale> in the face?!\"" but of course someone had to be sarcastic   bailey vance: what'd you do? bite your lip? eh   not really   lol """
"i'm so upset right now  i went to sprint tonight   got my phone fixed  not even an hour later it gets completely screwed up and does the same thing that we had to have fixed  now i have no use of my phone   where as before, i could at least text  > indecision  no me gusta <propfemale>  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>  no bueno!!!!! urggg"
facebook   my day was   ok   not amazing   but tonight   after cooling down about my phone   it got better  smile 
night facebook! idk how talking to the people closest to you for a few minutes can make an ok day turn into a great night   but it works   smile  thank you!  love  night
tonight   wasn't one of our best concerts   e playful ecially since i messed up   lol  cuz that never happens   lies  lol 
squirrel with a nut!!!!! lol     i  love  @<propfemale> collins   playful 
hey  cory   u need to message me lol    and if any other guy wants to talk to me   that's fine  i am tired of talking to girls right now   just saying   no offense 
"i'm boreddd   and kind of angry  i hate fighting with you, so let's please stop "
church here i come   lol  smile  bout to eat lunch   laugh 
my phone is so annoying  i wish that sprint just ordered me a new phone like they said they were gonna instead of deciding that it works   which it does    but it still messes up  it made me so upset that i cried this afternoon  i cried! talk about technology ruling our lives        ugh
i don't want to think about how i got a little taste of my phone before it broke again  i wish someone would talk to me     sad 
the person i was talking to got grounded   so   bye bye conversation  lol  i love mikayla bower though  smile   i'm here if anyone wants to talk to me   laugh 
how is it that when something bad happens it all goes bad? how come everytime you're single it seems like everyone is dating    ? lol
"for those of you who think i want or need more drama in my life, i really don't so back off and create your own drama don't dump it in my hands  not everything is my fault okay? so don't blame it on me either! i'm tired of everybody getting in other people's buisness  just quit it already! it's not gonna make you any more popular than you think you are just by making another person's life miserable "
"no air - jordin sparks & <propfirst> brown\ love  love  love            i  love  this song   smile   love "
i've learned to live half alive     love   crying 
"living empty-minded is as dangerous as living blind  don't let things pass you by  it'll be the biggest mistake you make  you'll regret it 4ever  i promise  take in every scent, image, moment & memory bcuz one day it'll be gone and you won't be able to get it back  live life the fullest & nothin less   love  the world~ur family~ur friends  they r the ones who matter  i  love  u mikayla bower & <propfemale> <propfemale> scoby  you're my rock"
i hope my crushes(the ones that talked to mccleskey crushes) talk to me soon   maybe tell me they like me? it doesn't matter   lol 
i'm so tired  i've been really busy lately   and i have plans tonight too  ugh  sleeeeeeeeeppp   playful 
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs  the boy you called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4 hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
