181076aac2b23a4ae5faf7196fc1e995
wonders where they come from    why do we have them    what do they mean    those nightmares that are fit to be in police reports   
"has her biology homework done, exam on monday, english paper to finish editing for tuesday and then biology starts all over again "
"doesn't care anymore, she's excited and that's all there is to it!"
wishes all to know that his majesty will arrive on monday at 1 smile 0 in our own nation's airport   paparazzi will not be permitted 
has biology homework for this week to do before noon on saturday not to mention a paper for english due on tuesday and another week's of biology to get done so that <propmale> won't have to watch her do homework the whole time he's here 
less than 40 hours i'm so excited!
less than 30 hours!
<propmale> departs utah at 9am (est) and arrives at 1 smile 0pm!
<propmale> departs utah at 8am (est) and arrives at 1 smile 0pm!
is so excited and she just can't hide it!
i'll sell my <propmale>   i'll sell my reel i'll sell my only spinning wheel to buy my love a sword of steel
got a zero because the teacher had technical difficulties and wasn't able to open the assignment 
has to go to church without <propmale>  sad 
<propfemale> skipped institute to talk to <propmale> in stereo    and <propmale> roll her mama 
's mom took over her facebook 
is totally pretending to study for the exam today 
's engagement ring is done being sized!
is fighting for her grades 
"'s getting married in the morning   also in november, but it is undeniably in the morning "
hate   hatehatehatehatehatehatehate teacher who screw you on the last week hatehatehatehate
go so upset today that she couldn't even spell properly 
"has two more days, one paper, and one exam "
is done with school   forever   at least until the next semester   but right now it's forever 
has a    b    in biology    incredulity and ecstatic joy describe this but    huh?
has to wait less than 9 days!
has 7 days and counting!
has six days!
has to wait five more days?  whyyyy    
"is counting friday, sunday, monday   "
may have possibly gotten wow working on her desktop again 
omgonemoredaimarrymenow
most certainly does not appreciate disrespectful males who do not understand nor care about boundaries and would just as soon manhandle a girl as look at her without any care or concern for her wishes or comfort 
is on hiatus 
cannot    sleep    no more    wakefulness    but    sleep    it eludes me   
"is having zombie dreams like crazy, three for the record two on the previous consecutive nights   only the one of the night before was genuinely disturbing, gory, apocalyptic, and horrific   the rest are pretty mild with a complete lack of single minded zombies bent on destruction   but there were still zombies "
is stealing other people's babies again 
is as logical as the vulcans    and about as insufferable 
thinks it's funny when she see something about bleach tablets and thinks of soul reapers 
has a wedding dress 
has fallen in love with yet another soda 
"is acutely aware of the various definitions of the term \epic fail\"" """
"says \may the bird of paradise fly up your nose \"""""
is all made of hinges 
is blearily preparing to go to the conference for crazy people    who else would plan something at such a horrific hour   
is afk until wednesday or saturday due to no power cord for her lappy   
is aliiiiive!
has three thousand to go   
has 2 7k to go   
i had no idea that <propmale> astley had a wow commercial too  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=91zck5oo05m&feature=fvsr
"lol, 8-bit!"
"has emerged triumphant from three phone calls, two e-mails, foreign tech support, and supervisors!  received item: 1 [bag of snickers]  +500 reputation to faction grandparents "
is so tired she tried to start the car    only trouble was    there wasn't a clutch to push in   automatics + exhaustion = fail 
http annoyed  smouch net lol 
is totally plotting in front of your back 
is providing an entirely free service announcement   8-bit theater is up 
would like her friends to know that they're cooler than <propmale>'s friends   <propmale>'s friends reported to facebook that he was a hacker when he <propmale> rolled them   you guys know better!  ha!  superiority all over the place!  right here!
but i don't wanna get ready for work this early!
has snow 
"inc dad!  oh noes!  the mamma is sick!  intercept, intervene, hand of protection!  something!"
is getting married 
is getting married on february 20th   be there or no cake for you 
is stuck in the seventh largest snow <propfemale> has ever recorded 
has just realized that everyone's talking about avatar with aliens instead of avatar with airbending 
has come to the even sadder realization that m  night shyamalan is the director of avatar with airbending 
"does not chew her food very well   why, this stew looks identical as when she ate it nine hours ago!"
is disillusioned 
46 days
45 days   
44 days
forty days!
39  yup
38!
37 is a horrible day 
"i lost track, is it really 32?  do i really have to have invitations mailed tomorrow?  not happening today!  i have like two hours not scheduled for all of today   "
28 days    ick
27 days and i feel my time would be better spent eloping 
26?
"25, way to start out poorly "
"24 days until the wedding, day two of wacky adventure dreams"
onyxia is srs bsns
"23 days until the wedding, and 20 days until i get to om nom no-    er    see    <propmale>    ya   "
"22 is my favorite number   next to <propmale>, that is "
21 or 18?
hates eggs and as a result is too icky to keep up with fb updates 
"go to urbandictionary com,  type in your firstname, copy and paste this as your status, then under  comments post the first entry that came up for the meaning of your name  i am endorsing this for the only reason is 'cause i'm defined properly "
has too much snow to talk to <propmale> 
is supposed to be at work right now    surprise surprise!
"is back, okay, and had fun "
is not dead yet 
wonders why the french are the ones who made the facebook <propfemale> for <propmale> <propmale>    didn't they surrender just to be safe the last time there was a marathon of texas ranger?
"is in the process of creating a wedding registry, upon popular request "
"is as done with the only wedding registration you're going to get!  feel free to provide gifts from the registry, and or according to your budget, and or that you think we would like 'cause i've decided that the di has waaaay better prices "
lost track of the number of times she got lost 
can be reached at 801-358-9199
has the antisocial    aaachooooo!
is never online 
is a firm believer that building a mosk on the ashes of 9-11 would be just like building a christian house of worship in jerusalem after the crusades   it'd show just how much we care   'cause just 'cause extremists taking our beliefs too far killed all of your children doesn't mean we don't want to remind you of it every time you see us 
doesn't really do much on facebook 
has just realized that not only is her father on facebook but she's already friends with him 
spent a whopping twelve bucks on steak and carbonated grape juice because they go well with waffle fries 
deserves a gold <propfemale> 
is celebrating <propmale>'s birthday next week!
"call me crazy but this idiot who gave all that military information to wikileaks?  shoulda been shot like the traitor he is   compromising my safety?  ya, shoot him or give me a gun to do it for you   he's done no less then causing the deaths of who knows how many american lives by releasing confidential information to the general public "
i like to sleep for 14 hours straight    but since i got up at like 8 in the morning anyway does that make me an early riser?
eternal darkness: sanity's requiem    not for the faint hearted 
i feel fantastic and i never felt as good as how i do right now except for maybe when i think of how i felt that day when i felt the way that i do right now 
"obamacare stifling medical innovation?  psh, it's already being stifled   i mean, look what they did to that guy who found a cure for cancer!"
fourth of july = gay day?  i'm sorry gay community    but it's already reserved   
< terminal case of devil's advocacy 
i believe my wit has been withheld from some on the internet    i have since fixed this   drat you privacy settings    drat you   
crown <propmale> was invented so gamers could use the bags to hold dice 
coupons? great!  online?  i has interwebz!  printing    printing    printer not found   wtb printer 
"duality - when the natural man says \omg this is the best idea evar!\"" and the rest of your brain says \""nuh uh\""  for a good idea flip to <propfemale> 32   to choose to act instead of be acted upon close the book """
