ec9ae2adf28c1edd152f3568f63cbe46
is 
is dead  smile _ smile 
love really does conquer it all eh
is going to the beach!  smile 
is starting the week on the right foot 
"is the happiest he has ever been  the past 10 with you has fulfilled so much void within  brought joy again  trust of a friend  love, passion, cease not to be given  so in the end, just like the song  i hope we \go on and on and on and on \"" lol happy 10 ="""
is taking this afternoon to get back in tune   smile 
"is getting there  slowly, steadily, successfully   smile "
really doesn't want  to go to work today  troubled 
"says peace is not the absence of war, but the presence of understanding "
is part of the developmental team!   joyful 
is loving this friday 
just finished some amazing yoga 
came home    and decided to get drunk!! thank god for summers!  smile 
is yearning for friday
"had a wonderful friday courtesy of <propfemale> and the kinneys  now, of to yoga and bed     maybe a snack attack too ^________^"
had a dream that really upset him 
happy eleven months love and light of me life  laugh 
collapsed last night and scared a lot of people  sad 
has been privileged with some amazing opportunities this week 
just got home from playing b ball with his buds   smile 
"lost all the music in his itunes  sad  and really wishes he knew half of that \hacking\"" crap!"""
"is \iffy\"" but thinks working from 10:40am to 3    and then 7 smile 0pm to 1 smile 0am just may be the reason he's tired this morning  pun intended ^_="""
"fri(getupalittlel8r,doyoga,eatamazingbrkfast,waltzintowork,getoffinnafew,and chillforever)day!!!"
is sad  sad 
"had an amazing evening! the kind you never forget, and is looking forward to returning to school  farewell summer of 09!"
's day took some warming up to   but thinks this semester will be rather satisfying after-all!
is the kinda tired no one likes to be  troubled 
happy one year anniversary <propfemale>!!!!  love   laugh 
"see's now this has all just been a grand game of chess  i hate getting used  i am no one's pawn  they ave abused my optimism, assumed me a simpleton, and aggravated my temper   sad "
"'s day began, progressed, continues to be, and will probably end as : a f***ing bad day!  annoyed \"",2009-09-15 01:27 smile 0""",ec9ae2adf28c1edd152f3568f63cbe46,is now running on 1hr and 14mins of sleep      1hr and 15mins now 
"those who are free of resentful thoughts, surely find peace  plus  i finally got me some down time  joyful "
was hoping today's horoscope would not come to pass  sad 
"peace is not the absence of war, but the presense of understanding  -->tgif!  smile <--"
"vows: no more careless mistakes, no more misfortune, no more missing out   tis time to correct it, i'm taking on a new perspective  smile "
wishes he knew how to let go  world    leave me alone till further notice  thanks 
is o l d
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!!
there are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth: 1) not going all the way; and 2) not starting 
"if we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change"
never in this world can hatred be stilled by hatred; it will be stilled by non-hatred - this is the law eternal 
simplicity is the solution for matters of the heart 
"health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship "
is the saddest guy right about now 
from a single flame    endless candles can be lit and the life of their embers  would not be shortened  happiness never decreases by being shared 
is closing down profile come monday  social is the last thing i feel like being for now 
"is torn between taking a step back from the social scene or allowing it to be a positive distraction   annoyed     monday, is indefinate  time will tell i guess"
"to facebook or not to facebook? that is the question    i like being \connected\""   yet maybe i need to disconnect for a while   """
is still here    because i need you guys to fill the biggest void i've ever had    plus your all pretty amazing people too  smile 
was bored this morning
"live purely  do your work with mastery  like the <propfemale>, come out from behind the clouds! shine  i love you all my brothers and sisters, elders and youth  happy thanksgiving  laugh "
"gets to party tonight, and is def  not going to be the dd  namaste   smile "
is sick  troubled 
"is devoting sometime to his yoga practice and faith  laugh  time to unlock hidden potientals, overcome stubborn procrastination, and show the world the best of   phil "
"thinks it funny how love is evertrue and yet always lying  pain promises to break your heart, make you cry, and never fail to be, pain  love?     is evertrue and yet always lying  we are foolish to let one trump the other  certain to bare both    challenged to rise above all  destined   untransmutably  well, i beg to differ  to be liberated from all pains, from conditional and untrue loves     to be free "
is making this week effectual   smile 
overcome the anger by peace; the miser by generosity; liar by truth; challenges by dilegence; fear by faith; pain by love    overcome  happy friday 
is in florida 
im in love with my cuzin alivia <propfirst>
the roots of rectitude lie in the soil of benevolence  hope you ave a green thumb  smile  nameste
"is pissed, sad, and going to ave a lonely christmas  sad "
is sick  troubled  and off to get some mint tea
is catching a flight to florida on christmas morning!  laugh 
"is packing, thinking,    and wishing "
is in florida  smile 
is back home
"fantasy  it gets the best of me  hushed lips bust into endless soliloquy  telling tales of young doves, a flight on loves sea  passionately, then passively, then fading to memory  look, i'll never be a saint, refuse to be a sinner  nor the kinda guy thats lost so much, anything makes him a winner  this, is <propmale>  this song is dedicated to you all today  sail  smile   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uqeqmnba2hs"
"tonight as i meditate, as i pray, my mind and it's thoughts will be with the people of hati  may they overcome  may they preserve  may they thrive  this is from the heart  this, is phil ---> http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zywifaby6-g"
is wondering why roly poly had to be open today!  troubled 
took some much needed down time after a most demanding week!    then woke up to find me macbook crashed? never been a dull moment in the life and times of sir  <propmale> 
"dares you to find words that rhyme with: silver, orange, and or purple "
"a jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1 100th of a second  thus the saying, i will be there in a jiffy    right? wrong troubled  1 one hundredth of a second!! you can't even utter the phrase that fast  random i know, but    happy friday  smile "
"in on the human body there are 10 anatomical 3 letter words  so far me and some pals ave produced: ear, eye, lip, hip, rib, gum, arm, leg, and toe  what is the tenth!?!?! no it can't be ass, or any colloquialisms for the matter  thus, if any of the above are    let me know  i ave been thinking on this for 3 days "
is having terrible headaches since yesterday  sad 
"inexorable, such is its passion  ineffable, such is its bond  it thrives in simplicity  it teaches us forgiveness  it is evertrue, everlasting, and everywhere  it is love  and this is the insight of amouréux  partners, couples, lovers, friends, heartbroken, and singles? consider me cupid for the moment; happy valentines day from <propmale>   smile  oneworld?onelove "
"wants peace  i can fight my own battles  i can also choose my battles  respect my choice  tis time to forget & move on  not show rashness or flared tempers  fact is, at the end of the day i'm the only one affected negatively  from social ties to legalities  i thank you greatly for the support, but all i need is peace & space  no revenge, no take two, no match maker  i'm seriously asking for this wish to be respected "
is  smile 
will make this week effectual 
is setting positive things in motion  smile  each day we are presented with countless choices  strive to never waste that privelege 
"if your reading this: i'm glad to see you made it to today, & hope to see you tomorrow  do not dwell upon yesterday, or fill your soul with sorrow  focus instead on this very moment, cut yourself some slack  remember, no one loves you more than you, & someone always has your back  a single flame can light endless wicks, never ceasing to be a flame  i am but a candle, lite with love    pass it on and do the same   love "
"wakes up this morning to find my work database crashed  all my projects, images, footage, files, documents, resumés, contracts -everything- gone  i am devistated and ave my work cut out for me    3 years worth of it  smile _ smile "
"wanna chill? abdi abdulhakim, <propfirst> ritz, <propmale> z  <propfirst>"
"is loving this friday! breakfast and concert   w the parents  great performance by lil bro  awesome yoga session! my  heartrate has lowered   studies at gpc  caught a glimps of, nvm  last  day of winter! plus great weather  smile   amigos  announcement!!!: lez  chill?"
pershian new years party= dope! happy 1389 people of pershia
lets try this again w o the sloshed typo's lol: persian new years party= dope! happy 1389 people of persia!!  smile 
woke up this morning and had a spiderman moment in the mirror  b-) time to shake the blues and get out the house more often  surprise !
get this: the science of kissing is called philematology   
had a nice day and can be e playful ected around campus much more frequently now  smile 
"very productive week! got some great studies in, almost done with labels, worked out, and hit up campus  need to make a few dr  appointments for next week but for now i will enjoy my weekend w family and friends   starting with soccer  smile "
just woke up from a series of terrible nightmares  annoyed  sometimes this dreaming thing sucks
"is fed up, annoyed, and feeling higly unappreciated  times are hard as it is, why stress about trivial unjustified crap? no comprendo "
"is enjoying his studies, artwork, and this pleasant spring day   smile  hope you are too!"
"man its really something when the people your supposed to trust and turn to no matter what    are the people its best to keep at a distance for the sake of your happiness, self esteem, and sanity  life and its truths  annoyed "
", as customary, spent all day with his family in reflection upon the significance of good friday  just finished studies- preparing to crash- dreading tomorrow  annoyed "
"can not sleep  annoyed  i pose a question to you all: when is the appropriate time or circumstance to -give up on let go of- something(or one) held with the highest significance in your heart and or life, something you believe in? why? this is a serious question and i would love to recieve responses  thank you "
should be sleeping   
is on a røå?t®ip to florida!!! be back friday or  saturday  smile 
is home  smile 
is starting to think getting a camera? taking some pictures? saving some memories?    may not be such bad ideas
had a great day! workout studies errands gardening with mum and bro     there's only one thing really missing for me a majority of the time     annoyed 
will get decent sleep tonight
will make his day as pleasant as possible 
can do finally do this full sequence! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=8kau3xnvtae&feature=player_embedded
"is aving a peaceful  day and thinking about all the people things he loves   his siblings,  parents, family, friends, church, self, life, achievements,  ambitions   and her  may this same peace find you all this day  <propmale>"
just remembered! today is the 2 year anniv  date of my first tattoo
"is    simply, is  smile "
: friends  facebook  world    boredom besets me  swift i pray these lone hours will fly  annoyed 
just finished working out and will meditate to the rain for quite sometime    who needs sleep at 4am =p
is in love with outside right now =j
is out to the cinema with the family  laugh 
"is happy with his photoshop work but, taking some time off and heading to atlantic station  i hope everyone takes some time to enjoy this day with family, or friends  smile "
is aving a ridiculous headache and  not looking forward to monday   aka tomorrow  troubled 
pulled an all nighter and am still going    and going and    savvy?
"is finalizing business labels, pre-visualizing website format, drafting a portfolio for an illsutration job offer, talking with recruiters gpc dtc gsu uga, pre-planning + collecting supplies for mdpc's welcome sign, brushing up on the guitar   life is busy, and i'm lovin it"
eureka!  smile 
is building his first website   surprise ?  smile 
"hey there summer, i couldn't help but notice ya coming this way  look, don't mention it but, things aren't gonna last for me and spring much longer and   i wanted to know if you'd like to keep me company for a while    i here your sunsets are to die for, and your sunrises light up the heavens =p   yes i am bored "
thunder! lightning! rain! guess who's going for a walk  smile 
"for those of you who ave it   \<propfemale> it every moment \of every day \\with love, <propmale> "
"got a scholarship for school and my first illustration payment!  laugh  \i am very grateful and hope good fortune graces us all this year \with love  ~phil"
needs a guardian angel 
"no child should have to live through or with sexual abuse  together, we can work to make it so that no child will  please make my birthday wish come true  with love  ~phil http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 432094?m=afa1a8e8&bws=s"
"2 papers, an army of scattered assignments, coordinating a youth event, planning a youth lesson, revamping illustration job terms deadlines for a meeting with my client, illustrating, habitat for humanity, making appointments, 4 hours of sleep each night    if you can relate, then you should also remember to take some you time  i'm going for a run  smile "
"can i ave some math homework, a quiz, and test  a side of a pysch  case study  a slice of an english paper  and a glass of a med  term quiz to wash it all down?    i really do hate when professors demand such tall orders on the same day  troubled "
today was a great day and way to start of the week  smile  i just hope i ave more free time soon  all work and no play is against the pirates code 
has caught the common cold  send news to the <propmale> 
if you've yet to try a few sake bomb's? i encourage you to do so
so  my english classmates just voted for me to represent them by presenting some of my work in the college's humanities showcase event! i definitely didn't see that coming  this is truly an honor and blessing  smile 
"no child should have to live through or with sexual abuse  together, we can work to make it so that no child will "
there's just too much on my mind to sleep tonight 
"the results are in! classes? aced  gpa? 3 4  time to finish illustrations, get some rnr partying in, and prepare for next quarter  happy holiday's everyone  smile "
just inherited my mum's canon t50 ^__^ photography here i come!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   and 4 words is hard"
"to all able guys: don't forget to shovel your driveways, help your parent's and or seniors with their's, and our female citizens too! some music and the right clothing will make it a walk in the park anyway "
life is a constant striving for balance between morality and neccesisty  i was reminded of that today during class 
"tis times like these i question why i'm a double <propmale>!  troubled \"",2011-01-29 00 surprise 1:10""",ec9ae2adf28c1edd152f3568f63cbe46,is not too fond of all nighters  troubled 
"is currently away on travels and will be unavailable until monday, february 14th "
someone is trying to mess with my gmail and fb   again  if your that curious why not just address me with some character? you know i'm chill <propmale> the peacemaker!  troubled  god bless anyway 
"satisfied objectivies for cleint  check  resume  check  business attire  check \career day tommorrow then (get ready for it) i'm taking some rnr time for my quarterly break! yessss  smile "
"it's official!! i just became the production manager of <propfemale> perimeter college's media broadcasting organization, the collegian daily beet!! so grateful  so humbled  so ready  ~ bless"
i love my jobs    all one bizillion of em  =p
"if i could, i would  and never look back  for now, i'll do all it takes to ensure <propfemale> finds her way back around  ~ the peaceful warrior"
yoga & training  hello monday 
"one can never be happy at the e playful ense of the happiness of others, the peace of others  it poisons the soul  the true way to soften one's strife therefore, is to solace those of another  to surrender to the grace of forgiveness even  to choose love in the face of an enemy  for in its end , tis not the years in ye life that count  tis the life shared and e playful erienced in them  i bid you all a great day  ~ <propmale> "
"corinthians 13:4–8a | love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud  it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  love never fails   "
is praying 
off to the cinema to see transformers with the family  smile 
off to the amicalola falls state park and lodge for the day!  smile 
making burgers for the fam  smile 
"let's see who truly reads my status  you and i wake up in a police car handcuffed together  using 3 words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along "
commission & new projects from my client  great production meeting with the ctv team  and some chill time planned for tomorrow  i like this week  smile 
suffering produces endurance  endurance produces character  character produces hope  and hope? does not disappoint us  hope we all ave a great weekend! ~ <propmale>
"the ability to control impulse is the base of will and character  those who are at the mercy of impulse -who lack self control- suffer a moral deficiency  by the same token, the root of altruism lies in empathy; the ability to read emotions in others  if there are any two moral stances that our times call for    tis precisely theses  self-restraint and compassion  ~phil"
is n a: heading up to athens with a friend for the day!  smile 
