e64dbe5250b7acb505a8c33af9e90ded
welcome 2010! if it is any indication on what this year will bring determined by what i was doing last night     it will be a fun all night party  smile !
statistics! ahhhh     two more days to go  smile 
finally done     so glad to have my afternoon's back!
so sad that <propfirst> is gone  sad  he was a legend!
just got started and is feeling groggy today  sad ~
happy its friday for all of us!!! yah for the 4 day week  smile 
tired this morning from chasing a possum out of the pool!!! crazy morning!
"can't wait for some texas de brazil    ummmm! 18 deep, hope they can handle all of us  smile "
"is still shaking from too much coffee this morning   lol! need to start working soon, i hope i come down from this high!"
is happy it is almost the weekend!!! ready to relax    
friday     mwah mwah mwah! the one thing that would make it better    pay day!
birthday month is in full effect and i can't wait for all the fun stuff ahead!!!! it's going to be a blast this year    getting a year older  smile !
6 more days       
late start today     i think too many glasses of wine last night from the early b-day dinner     yawn    so tired 
one more day    until the big b-day  smile !
birthday!!! thanks everyone for the love     muah!
still coming down from my sugar high     cake and cookies     brownies and cupcakes     oh my!
glad its friday!!!! i'm gonna get some electric pickle tonight    lol!
happy that this is the last week of class and i'm ready for my week off!!!! yeah!!!
is not really ready for this final tomorrow in cooking class     ughhhh  isn't this suppose to be easy?????
that final sucked!!!! i just hope i passed at this point  sad      
ready for nyc babe!!! watch out new york here comes <propfemale> squared  smile !
"back from the nyc and <propfemale> squared definitely took over the city    by foot, subway, and even in the car  wink  lol!"
"is a little stressed thinking about the next week and trying to fit all my classes in with work    i need a little time for partying too, right???  smile "
waiting to go to class and very tired      and its only hump day    
"is a little sad today that we lost another lab member  sad   i'm gonna miss that guy! good luck, e!"
thank god its friday    although my weekend is already planned    i hate that! it doesn't feel like a weekend when i have too many plans!!
working        sad 
back to another crazy week of class and work    15 more weeks to go  smile     i feel like i'm getting a cold already!
"humpday!!! this one's for you, dr  siddabattuni!"
"one more day until the 3 day weekend     \i can do it!\"""""
friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish this rain would go away    so i can get some sun this weekend!!!!
"tuesday after a long weekend, always hard to get started       i need more coffee "
humpday and this one is gonna be a good one     i can feel the love today  love 
awwww thursday     it has been a hard week  i need some rest 
weekend is here and i am still working     wtf    13 more weeks to go??? i think 
"just saw my cousins from venezuela    they look beautiful! love you, primas  smile !!"
feeling a little better today about juggling school with work    i think i am getting use to the routine! finally!
eyes wide shut        yawn l-o
yeah its friday!!!
omg     so tired    pls some1 wake me up     :-0 i think i hear coffee calling my name! but at least 1 exams done and two to go for physiology! cross your fingers for me  smile 
monday and i'm feeling good  smile !!
its tuesday and the week is starting to get to me already   lol!
uuuuuuggghhh    its only wednesday and i left my phone at home     duh! i hope to get my mind back before my test tomorrow!!!
going to pubic health class! wish me luck (i need it) with the test   crossed fingers  smile !
weeeeekkkkeeennnddd!!
is irritated that someone is still trying to out smart me!!! nice try!!!!
its thursday and finished class for this week    phew   the rest is easy breezy!!!
its friday and ready for a good weekend  smile !
"working    one time for my saturday workers!! so, dedicated   lol!"
is soar from my run yesterday    starting to get serious about the ing marathon in january 
needs a good run tonight as a stress relief!
ready to see himi!!! its gonna be a nice weekend with the biffl  smile 
monday    
tuesday     and a little nervous about presenting tomorrow  i hope its good    i sux at public speaking  sad 
i did it!!!! yeah thanks for all the positive thoughts  perfect score  smile  xoxo
friday!!! looking forward to a great weekend!  smile 
"okay    re-state    its saturday and i'm working maybe, not such a good weekend   lol!"
studying for physiology and not in a good mood     i need a vacation    sighhh
ready to party for halloween!!!!
"good ol' reliable jessica     i give my love, my soul, my time, my money, my heart, my everything     but when i need that     silence       sad "
anyone know autonomic nerve cardiac renal blood physiology???? i need a 101 for thursday! where are my doctors and <propfemale>'s  smile !!!
monday    and a little droopy eyed from all the excitement of halloween!
sicky    ugghhhh can't stop sneezing! is it that damn <propfirst> combs cologne?
"i think i have finally learned how to say \no\"" to leechy ass people who try and take advantage of my reliablity & my niceness!! i might be tetering on bitchyness though   stop me before i get to that point  smile """
is it friday yet??? so ready to party this weekend  smile !!
"good weekend! spent it with some good friends, watching the sun rise on sobe  smile !!!"
ummmm <propmale> g was goooooodddd  smile   the food was like artwork!
just got the h1n1 shot     ouch    it burns  smile 
getting ready to see the bf this weekend!! yah!! nawrlins here i come  smile 
ahhhhhh stressed *_*
spent a great weekend with himi!!! miss you love  wink 
okay another presentation today     this is overload! this program sure does like hearing us talk!!!
"i am excited for the holidays, already!!! 3 day week next week, yah! count down starts now for the end of the semester     "
had a few glasses of wine for an early thanksgiving and now trying to buy a laptop at 1 2 off  i'm starting the shopping early  note it is 12 surprise 1 on thursday night    lol!
its finally over    my long weekend  i don't want to go back  sad   good thing xmas is close!
all that money and tiger woods wife still got ghetto    lmao!!!
one presentation down and 1 more to go!!! yeah finally over     just a few finals and break!!! i have never been so happy to have a break!
finals    *sigh*
"so, glad that have my exams over!!! now, secret <propfemale> time  smile !! love this time of the year!!!"
"soar    training for the 1 2 marathon now and its time to get my ass in gear! did well in the 10k this weekend, yeah!!! building up my stamina  smile "
i need a vacation as young jeezy would say  smile !
happy that next week is a short week and its christmas!!!!
secret <propfemale> day tomorrow!!! it was a fun two weeks    glad i conveinced the lab to do 2 instead of 1  smile 
brrr     its a wooping 50 degrees outside    okay maybe 60 now  smile )))
its my friday! whoo hoo    i don't have to work until 2010  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! i'm so happy to have everyone in my life  smile ! muah!
"at home, watching <propfemale> <propfirst>'s emancipation of <propfemale> tour  as much, as i try not to like her    i watch this and remember why i  love  her  smile "
can't wait for a good new years with the biffl  smile !! its gonna be a sobe night!
happy new year!!! i can't wait to see what 2010 brings  smile 
back to work and it wasn't so bad  smile 
"soar from yoga today, hence the training to get back into shape has started    "
this weather gives me an excuse to go shopping  wink      like i need another one 
sniff sniff    this cold is getting to me    i'm starting to feel a soar throat come on  sad 
black
feeling really like shhhhii     right now    cant stop sneezing  sad  aaa-aaa-ccchhhooooow
"starting to come back to life     hi everyone  smile  feeling better, thanks for the well wishes   i needed a little tlc "
its still cold in miami! when is this gonna end? i am seriously running out of options in the closet  smile 
i so need to go running today     wish i was more of a morning person 
such a nice day! the warm weather feels good 
"my three day weekend started with a bang     too much partying on a friday night! now, i am frizzling out    wow, i don't think i can <propfemale> like i use too   lol"
soar from running a long run yesterday     this isn't good for my upcoming event   i should be more in shape!
first quiz in minerals and it was 57 questions long! is that a quiz! wtf 
friday! going to bring my cookita to the dashchund show on sobe tomorrow  excited to see all the hot dog dogs  smile !!!
i feel loved today from stephi  smile ! muah
feeling a little frustrated today    and i wish it was over already    but i still have a long day ahead  sad 
party at my place!!! i'm gonna be a brickell resident soon  smile !!
"ugghhhhhhhh pain      my feet have huge blisters, my back and knees hurt, and my muscles ache    y do i run 1 2 marathons again???"
okay so this is the celebrity that i have most been mistaken for    ashley tisdale only once  smile 
finally presentation over     now on to the next stressful situation    dealing with my crazy coked up real estate agent   lol!
go saints!!! that was a good game! they deserve that trophy    and it wasn't bad watching r  bush and d  brees work for it  smile !!!
finally going to move this weekend! yah! anyone want to paint??  smile 
phew   moved!
this week has been rough     i have a headache  annoyed 
okay i know the ladies are not gonna like me after this     but why do men teachers seem more interesting to me     is it instinct to want to listen to them more???
monday  sad 
starting to sleep a little better in the new place     maybe i'm finally getting use to all the noises  or maybe it was too many glass of wine    lol     
friday!!!
sunday brunch with good friends    always a nice treat! i  love  micheals!
okay seriosly south florida!? i am really running out of clothes! i need the warm sun again!!!!
how am i suppose to get people to eat fat free food    it tastes like crap!!!! i tried again this morning to eat an apple muffin (fat free) from whole foods and wanted to spit it out     yuck!!!
"okay, i concluded last night at 3 in the morning that it is definetely the wine that helps me sleep     yawn     i'm so tired  surprise "
its always better when you had a good nite's sleep  smile 
"puerto <propmale> in may! its officially, so excited! where are all my primos y primas, are you coming with????"
ugh    been a rough day  can i start over??
"okay try two today  smile   going good so far! happy <propfemale>'s day!!! the luck of the <propfemale> is with me, i feel it "
sniff sniff cough cough     damn cold  it kicked my ass this weekend  i'm cure camping didn't make it better  sad 
so much paperwork when i'm gone for only 2 days     oh well good to be back  smile 
"i watched <propfirst> leno the other night and i got inspired by <propfemale> vergara, she is super sexy and sweet  smile  and told <propfirst> butler he wasn't good enough    lol!"
i so don't want to write this paper     i am stalling big time    can i pay someone to write me a review paper     anyone???
i look scary tired today from being in a cave trying to pump out a paper this weekend    but good news i did it!!!!  smile 
super stressed about both my classes asking for f'ning papers and presentations this week   can't they give us a break!!
minerals   check  now on to the next presentation  i'm gonna need a strong drink after this week  smile 
okay so at least it is over    because my group was difficult to get on the same <propfemale>  whatever good thing my teacher is easily impressed  lol 
i had a dead ladybug in my car on the ceiling  sad  does that negate my good luck??
happy easter  smile  i love all the flowers 
my week is so nice without all the pressure to provide work for school  smile 
"presentations done    check! now, on to my final final     i see the light  lol!"
its monday and i am already cleaning the lab like crazy    jennifer???
"yeah definetly my alter ego today, <propfemale>  i am so gonna kill someone today   lol!"
"i'm so sad and hearbroken to hear that my friend <propfirst> castellanos  passed away today  sad   he was such a good, kind hearted person and we loved him at the miami project "
"wow, so tired from the weekend     can i have another one  smile "
rain rain go away     come back another day    my hair is a mess  annoyed 
its beautiful today  smile 
corporate run!!!! wish me luck today    going for the <propfemale>  smile  
um team's fastest female in my age group     won't say what age group   lol 
tired  surprise 
sigh     and the battle of the exes never ends      
a little tipsy and still at work    the best    lol
"wow, i forgot how long graduation is  good thing it was just the graduate students  smile ! congrats grads!!!!!"
soooo tired    worked too much today    my feet hurt  sad   i need a nice weekend  hope the sun stays out!
not in a good mood today  sad    i think <propfemale> is making her appearance this week 
puerto <propmale>! i need a vacation  can't wait to see my whole family  smile !!
 surprise  so tired     and back from vacation    so sad   it was good while it lasted   next vaca in july!!! can't wait 
"i can't wait for the long weekend, i hope to get some rest and relaxation    for a change "
"i had a nice long weekend  although i think i almost lost my life (or lunch) out with <propfemale> and the fam  fishing  lol   okay things to remember when going boating red, right, return   don't go into the pelican bay spot (too shallow) and most important of all don't go boating when the weather guy says 2 to 3 feet chop! hahahaha!"
contemplating doing two workouts today instead of one     hummmm     will i be able to walk tomorrow?
i saw sex and the city 2 last night with the girls  smile    it wasn't as good as the first one   love the fashion and the glamour but the story line was ahhhhhh  but thanks for a great night girls!!!
yawn    so tired from all my excursions this weekend  but it was a fun weekend  smile !
cough cough     i think it is a war in my lab with roby  who can cough the most in an hour?
"go spain, i need the money   lol!!!!"
"vitamins test done  cross my finger that i did well  smile ! proteins, this afternoon     "
ahhhh headache today     annoyed 
friday!!!  smile 
"\life is all about how you handle plan b \"" why does a car wash have this quote on their billboard!!! what does that have to do with car washing???? isn't this a quote from the \""plan b\"" pregnancy pill advertisment?    so confused    lmao!"""
"hima is having an influence on me     worl wind weekend in <propfemale>  in sat  out sunday  i am not that good at this last minute sh       surprise  so tired   but, love that i got a <propmale> to see <propfemale> one more time!!!  smile "
"going to see \eclipse\"" tonight     excited >)"""
awwwwww      phhhh    what happened brasil???
"getting ready for my trip! send me positive thoughts and prayers for me and my travels  smile ! i'm excited and apprehensive at the same time  vacation here i come, yah!"
i'm back!!!  smile 
its good to be back   i love europe but it was super hot in the summer and hardly any air conditioning    ahhh     i think i lost 10 pounds in water weight    sweating it out 
i finally coming down from my valum high    haha    i think that i am actually thinking straight now  yeah for being back   mentally  smile 
thursday! yoga day    i need it after all the good food that i ate on vacation   smile 
i'm so in a bad mood today    i'm going to yoga to work in out and study for my test on monday   blah      
monday and feeling good about today  smile !!!
thanks liebl bethea lab for the lunch   you guys are the best  smile !
thank you everyone for all the happy birthday wishes! i am so blessed to have so many great people in my life    xoxo! cheers to another year  smile 
"in class trying to listen to vitamin presentations     not easy this early in the morning  hopefully they are asleep before mine, so we don't get a ton of questions  smile !"
tuesday  annoyed 
almost done with school     one more test and a break for three weeks!!!
i'm so burnt    this exam is gonna be so half assed   i can't concentrate anymore  sad   can't wait for that break 
yeah monday   which is really my thursday  smile    my vacation from my vacation  smile 
friday! worked out this morning & in a good mood  ready for my mini vacation 
here chillaxing in the mountains   feels good to get away and be cut off     my phone doesn't even work   lol   where is my verizon wireless team??? on vaca too?
friday the 13th     
last night in the woods     its bitter sweet    love the quiet but miss the city  smile 
back home and still fighting this cold  sad      sniff sniff cough
i don't know how i am making it today      i am so sick and i look like hell  sad 
i had a great post birthday dinner with <propfemale> at blue door  ummm good stuff  smile 
i had a class at 8am this morning    how in the hell am i going to make the rest of the semester each week 3 days a week!!! i am not a morning person      blah
day 2 of class and i am loving starbucks for getting me through another early morning  smile  
okay i am totally dropping this 8am class   it is way too early for me and i was 15 mins  late on the second day   this morning thing isn't working  sad 
"<propfirst> j blidge is singing in my head from this morning    \be happy \"" girls are you wit me?  wink """
friday!!! long weekend here i come  smile 
go gators!!!!
"thatwill do it, take that redhawks! it is so nice to see the swamp, its nostaglic  proud to say, one of the loudest stadiums!whoo whoo!"
tired  surprise  yawn     
its so nice outside    for now    hope it stays like that  i need to go running  smile 
super tired today  surprise      i am turning into an insomnia!
ready for the weekend    party friday     beach day saturday    and sunday some furniture shopping  smile 
"they can say whatever i'ma do whatever no pain is forever yup, you know his\\tougher than a lion\ain't no need in tryin'\i live where the sky ends\yup, you know this       ah yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard      this song is so in my head this morning smile "
so tired and its not even mid week     either its the intense exercise or the rainy days  annoyed ?
i just realized that <propmale> <propfirst> is here tomorrow and saturday  sad   i wanted to see him    boo    maybe next year 
go dolphins!!! 2-0  smile !!!
i'm chuckin' the deuces up     and my good friends know what i'm talking about  wink 
thursday and finally the end of the week     the weeks seems to get longer every semester   
"i just saw a man on 395 to the beaches, running across the ramp back and forth trying to wave people down and no one stopped     he looked really shady     what is up lately???? did the full <propfemale> open the door for the crazies to come out????  annoyed "
ugh     y do the fins always have me biting my nails and pulling my hair all the way up to the 4th quarter  i need to stop watching it gives me an ulcer  annoyed 
please pray for my little coquita (my doggie) today to get through surgery  sad 
yucky day     it was super hard to get up this morning when the weather is so blah outside  annoyed 
okay its definetely not a good day when you stick yourself with ketamine    i need to go home   if anyone finds me on the way to the car    don't take advantage of me  wink 
"friday!!! happy hour, yeah!  smile  i need a drink "
that was painful to watch     the gators got crushed  sad   ouch!
i like it on my dining room table
such a nice day    i really want to go running outside  lets see if i get out on time to take advantage (even with a hurt foot)   smile 
"two <propmale> tests next week, a big game on sat  that i will be drinking and tailgating all day for, and my best friend coming into town! i am super stressed with all the plans  annoyed   what to do????"
i have so much energy today!!!!!!!!!!! i need to go running or something to get it out of my system  smile 
fml     this carbs test is f'n hard  annoyed   and its due today!!!!
so the security lady in my building tells me last night that a few years ago they heard a screaming lady in the middle of the night and never found out who it was    needless to say it took me a while to fall asleep last night!!!
friday!!! so ready for the weekend with no tests to think about!!!  smile 
sad for my coquita today  sad (( she took a turn for the worst 
tgit! end of my school week     phew long week  smile 
"okay i need to stop watching \teen mom\"" its like oprah    i can't stop crying  ugh """
i hate my mnt teacher! she is such a witch!!!!!! what is wrong with all these nutrition teachers!
go heat!!!
so burnt     and so glad its thursday   can't wait for the halloween weekend  smile 
can i get another weekend to recover from this one     so tired! but it was really fun     yawn     
i can't believe my teacher this morning    pop quiz   really?  on the weekend after halloween     what a (e playful licative)!!!
okay i am such a bad student     quiz today in carbs and i haven't studied     paper due tomorrow and at the 11th hour i am just starting it    and i still have questions to do for lab class due tomorrow   why am i such a procrastiator!!!
"you know your tired when you have had many forms of e playful resso and you still can't keep your eyes open     i feel for ya dr  siddabattuni, how do you do it????"
friday and no stress! feels good for once  smile !
monday! <propmale> stress     its funny how you go from none to alot!
"had a nice dinner and smoke at the hookah place with my good friends, <propfemale> glass and <propfirst> termini! thanks guys! you know how to cheer a girl up  smile "
you can't have any successes unless you can accept failure   ~george cukor
"so, i thought that bad luck comes in 3's     this is 4    wtf!!!"
thank god its friday     is it over yet?
its monday and back on my feet! wish me luck  smile 
hump day  smile 
friday    drinks and <propmale> potter  smile !
i almost hit a biker this morning on the way to school    but i dont think it was really my fault after all he was riding on the white line in the middle of calle ocho! you def  take your life in your own hands out there! but he didn't think so     he was mad  sad ((
i love this week! it is already gone and i am so ready for some good food from mom  love 
happy thanksgiving!!!!! i am truely blessed to have should great friends and family in my life  i love you all!  love 
"black friday wasn't so bad! got some good deals, found a parking space right away, and had hardly any problems with traffic  smile    maybe, there were less ppl this year?"
studying for finals! agh! its almost over     at least for the semester  smile 
no more tests and <propmale> basel weekend!!!! its gonna be a fun!
i  love  ny! but its colder than hell here!
holiday run a success!!! 52 55 for a 10k  smile !
i thought i came back to sofl to get away from the cold     its following me  annoyed 
ugh    all this change in weather is making me sick    cough cough 
still recovering     i hate being sick  sad (((
vacation!!! even if it is a long weekend  smile 
<propfemale> noche everyone  smile   let the holidays being!!!
god what a mistake to go to dadeland on the day after christmas! it was crazy!
anyone wanna spend $400 to go see drake at the w on nye  smile ! i so wanna go!
it is so hard to work when no one is here! it is really quiet in this building!
grrr       
back to work     sad  boooo    the holidays went to fast!
i am finally not under contract anymore for my cell phone   what company is the best to go with out there?  att? is the new iphone any good?
oooo its so nice outside     i didn't want to come to work  so beautiful!
hit my 8 mile <propfirst> and my legs felt like jelly    i should of done this a while ago    
"<propfemale> is following me     maybe i should give a loud shout out and say \sorry\""  smile  leave me alone    lol"""
and it starts again     another semester!
stressed  annoyed     
ugh   suppose to go running 10 <propmale> today     and its raining   booo  sad 
"i thought since i am watching \social network\"" i should check my facebook   lol"""
i'm feeling so scholarly this semester    i think i might just kick ass this semester  smile  lol
brickell running club excellent    8 smile 0 min miles     my incentive     shirtless boys in the sub 8 group! i was right behind them  playful 
hummmm     decisions decisions     
some lady this morning in my building told me that she signed up for the full marathon on sunday and decided to run the half     but she was soooooo out of shape???? i don't get it?
"sooooo according to <propfirst> if you shop at the <propfirst> brickell publix where \shopping is a pleasure\""     you will find random porn stars walking the aisles    lmfao!"""
ing half marathon: 1 hour and 53 mins    not my pr but it was a good run   next year full???  smile 
so sore today      owuch     
"first time running last night after my half marathon     my mind was like \yes\"" but my feet told me \""no\""       blisters ouch    lol!"""
i just signed up for the full marathon in 2012!!!! i have a whole year to get my mental and physical state right     haha  i'm scared       annoyed 
i walked out to the water today right by my apartment and saw 4 manatees playing next to the dock   awwww i  love  manatees  smile 
i must be really out of the loop! who are all these people winning on the grammy's for best new artist and album of the year???
"happy valentines day, everyone! x"
i just discoverd <propfirst>'s pita chips     i am addicted!  smile 
i went to whole foods yesterday and saw some lady that looked like <propfemale> from jersey shore     please tell me that this look isn't catching on! so tacky    complete with the cheap fake christian audigier!!!
i am so tired of school    when is spring break    i so need some time off    
grrr     i am so touchy today    i think i really need a vacation!
i went to refresh my pedicure today and found that i have three black and bruised toe nails from the ing     ewwww      i should probably lay off the running until they heal  sad (((((
i heard tiger woods on my nike ipod today  smile 
wow! <propmale> lusk just made me cry! he was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i will miss working with you guys especially <propfemale> theus, claudiu nelersa, <propfemale> jopek ashbaugh, <propfemale> zha, <propfemale> glass, <propfirst> barreras, <propfemale> garcia, and <propfirst> walters, i am a phone call away or a happy hour   wink !  love "
first day  smile 
second day and i have a headache     
finally friday  smile ! phew    tough first week! so much to do 
lord give me strength to get through the rest of this semester   back to school and work and this is already tough!
lmao! go <propfirst> brown    show <propfirst> sheen how it's really done!
its beautiful outside    i think its time for a long run!
since when does <propfemale> have a medical school?  isn't a d o  school?
