61a947ebabbe00500d48a0dbf4672ac1
nothing to do
is playing x-box
is going to sleep
is bored
is playing b-ball outside
is exhausted
is going to sleep
is eating
is watching bellevue fireworks from backyard!
is bored
is going to bartlett fireworks
just got home from bartlett fireworks
is going swimming and then shooting fireworks  happy 4th of july every1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is shooting off lots and lots of fireworks at dark
has been shooting fireworks for 2 hours and still a lot left  smile 
watched my neighbors shoot a $35 dollar firework
good night every1! have a nice rest
is very bored and not tired
is going swimming!!!!!!!!!! it is s0 h0t 0utside  cant waitt
is eating pizza s00n!
is bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored!!!!!!!!!!!! anyone got any ideas on what to do???
is going camping tomorrow!
just got bak from like a 5 day camping trip     and i am burnt like toast 
is probably going to see <propmale> tonightt
good night every1
is so bored     nothing to do
is goin to the movies tonight
is leaving to the movies
is going swimming
just watched the haunting in connecticut
bored    text me!
no tv in new house yet  really bored so text me
still dont got a tv that works   text me
"is watching saw 5, text me"
is having a boring day
is going to dads house 2morow after school
is at dads house in arlington
is back at home now
is bored
"hey , im bored, if ur bored too then text me !"
eating steak and nachos!
is very tired
is goin to the football game tonight
we win 48-21! go warriors!!!
very tired    bed
does not know what to do today 
is walkin up to movie gallery and walmart for a few hours
is bak home with nothing to do
is listening to music
is home from church
is goingg to walmart soon
is not feeling good after taking a nap 
wishes that i had a longer weekend
goin to do some hw 
has nothing to do because there is no tv in this house!!!!
"oh, its that time again  school"
progress reports today  smile 
is super bored
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  thats how bored i am  i can count to ten
nerd day nerd day nerd day nerd day nerd day nerd day nerd day
warriors win 33-0!! 5-0!!!!
thinking about goin bak to bed  nothing to do
feeling like i should sleep all day  nothing to do
church
boredd
bored
"bored, textt me"
12 surprise 9 a m  make a wish
really doenst feel good  fever
finally getting tv!!!!!!!!!!
cant wait for this week to be over
goin to do somethin til the game
"finally, an empty and peaceful house"
bored
is feeling sick again
saturday
<propfemale> christmas
"guess who just ran a 5k, the first in the state, wait, maybe the first in the usa, yea it was coach hunt, <propmale> <propmale>, and me "
denard who? go state!
complete domination by state  end of story 
this year has started different than any other and i dont think anything can bring me down 
i'm in such a great mood!
already the last day of break  sad 
saints and colts in the super bowl!!!
cant believe im awake this early 
playin some halo2
i pick butler over duke
hates the storm messin up the satellite     
act tomorrow 
locked outta the house
eating a very delicious dinner
goin to the library to type two <propfemale> paper
goin to see hot tub time machine at 7
tomorrow is my favorite day of the year
looking forward to the only good monday of the year
watching pineapple e playful ress
"at the house, just woke up and still tired"
watching lebron take over the game
watching transformers
watchin tv and chillin
bak from cross country and ready for church in a bit
studying for english exam which really sucks
goin to the carnival
"hah bored, what shall i do?"
havin pizzaaa
happy summer to everyone
watching pineapple e playful ress
"gonna be up pretty late, text me"
"just put a movie in, enjoying the summer"
playin some ncaa football10
running 2 <propmale> was hard but i got thru it
goin to the movies and bowling later
eatin some sonic
"everyone is always bored at this time, or mayybe its just me"
watchin some tv until i feel like goin to bed
ready to watch the nba finals
looks like kobe isnt gettin 30 tonight
"bed now,"
cross country went pretty well  now its time to eat a lot of food
not sore at all from tht 3 mile run yesterday
awake gettin ready for the 3 mile run at 6
im not even tired after running but these itchy legs r really not making my day any better
"got shutter island, lemme kno if u wanna come over and watch it later"
watching shutter island by myyself
cant wait for celtics to win tonight
wht was that??? i think it was the celtics  finishing the game strong
when will u be bak
gettin ready to run myy 4 <propmale>
in southaven watching get him to the greek
celtics win again  what happened la
"hmm, just woke up"
"oh im home, and there isnt anything to do around here"
not reallyy sore from cc so im ready for these 3 <propmale>
boston celtics can finish it tonight
just slept for 14  and a half hours
hopefully i can get up to run in the morning
"boring day, i guess its cause i woke up at 2 "
pizza is good
<propfirst> brees is right  lebron should go down to new orleans
good run this morning
this empty house is great for me
should probably go to bed soon   cc early in the morning
really tryin to sleep but i cant   
i think im ready to wake up early and run tomorrow 
gonna see salt in southaven and then caamping tonite
really cant fall asleep
almost fallin asleep in the shower can never be a good sign 
"back to bed, peaace out"
whts up with this storm
"oh, i just woke up"
i am just syked about running 4 <propmale> early tomorrow morning
"ugh, nothing to do "
dinner for schmucks
first c c practice today
i am glad tht senior year is starting tmrow
"hahha, the light in walmart went off and on"
the other guys
first school weekend just flew by 
ready to watch this football game
got my haircut
pineapple e playful ress gets funnier each time i watch it
i feel reall sick and i dont know how it happened
gonna watch the hangover at 7
ive been waiting all day at skool for the <propmale> to start this essay for calculus  nope thats a lie 
"\there is nothing stopping u from being in the olympics except yourself\"" - coach hunt"""
c c early in the morning tmrow
just finished playin guitar hero
oh so bored  doin a little hw   sad 
super busy day today     got a massive 3 <propfemale> calculus essay  cross country practice at 3 30 and then fca tonigt at six
fca was fun but now its time to get serious about this calculus essay
"cant believe im going to bed      still got science report, vocab quiz to study for, and works cited <propfemale> to finish in the morning    oh and dont forget govt hw"
"wow, that was a horrible night"
hittin up some guitar hero
great race today  the a-team finished strong
unbelievable game of ultimate i must say 
i better do good on the government test tomorrow  im putting some time into studying
studying until its time to run
"what time do u wake up? about 7 smile 0, how about you? i wake up at 4 surprise 0 in the morning "
i can feel the titans super bowl comin this year
"his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy  theres vomit on his sweater already, moms spaghetti  hes nervous on the surface but hes calm and ready"
to drop bombs       
three peanut butter sandwiches and a can of pears and then i am definately sleeping
slept from 1 smile 0 to 6    how am i gonna fall asleep again tonite
"wow, playin guitar hero  thats how bored i am"
cross country team is gonna beast up tupelo tomorrow!
goin to bed i guess   
i am nowhere near confident about these physics problems
hello monday  i cant wait for u to be over 
tomorrow is a good day to wake up and watch the sun rise again  be aware of ur actions because they might just be the last ones u make 
i was coach hunts water boy today haha
"i gotta get some rest, long run in the morning "
im glad im no fan of ole miss
super bored 
playin call of duty against my six year old brother
im pretty tired  i still gotta wake up and run tmrw morning but at least theres no skool 
already ran 6 <propmale> this morning  its gonna be pretty hard to top that 
a promise is a declaration that something will or will not be done 
just woke up    gonna be so sleepy today  
so tired    up late last night and pretty brutal morning 
act this saturday  have to miss c c  meet to take it tho  sad 
government is really putting me to sleep 
so tired and its so hot in this house  need ac fixed soon please and thank you 
always wondered why ppl get addicted to texting 
"ah, my shoulder is killin me right now"
good job saints
fca this morning 
eatin pizza and football game in a bit
good luck tomorrow scctbs  if u dont know what that means ull learn someday 
goin to sleep      i hope i do better on my act tomorrow 
such a boring day besides some college football
today is the start of the titans run to the super bowl!!!!
go get em titans
"thats right, titans already dominating this season "
i seem to get lazier every weekend and realize i didnt do anything by the time its over
easy 4 mile run this morning
government and calculus test tmrw      really sucks 
"oh, i hate monday nights  two tests tmrw doesnt help either "
i really hope my food digests fast or i will be throwing up all of it at practice today 
goin to sleep like 3 hours before i usually do    not feeling that good 
time to eat my refrigerator
8 mile run tmrw at 4 30 a m 
underachievers never get rewarded
"when ur bored, play guitar hero  thats what i do"
ready to race tmrw  im definatelyy not gonna miss this one 
get pumped!
good job to everyone on the scctbs
"went to batting cages, bowling and ate 12 pieces of pizza   stuffed and tired "
it is time for the steel curtain to break  go titans!!!!!!
i feel like my heart is still racing after saturdays race  its amazing how much each race helps me prepare to get btr for the next one 
oh no  football game on tonite  dont tempt me stupid television 
"wow, the 49ers really suck   "
need to turn my phone volume up  sad   always miss the important calls 
finally got a job to start next monday 
hahaahaaa  starskyy and hutch
jeez        got nothing to do   
i guess tomorrow is bak to another thursday  4 smile 0 a m 8 mile run tmrw  i just cant wait!!!
cramming for government test and memorizing the prologue  sad 
today will be a very eventful day  i just cant wait to get it started
had so much fun tonite but so tired   race tmrw morning 
i think we just ran on a 3 mile course for pigs  oink oink 
up late watching these lame movies
titans time to beat the giants
first day at work is finally over
work at 3 o'clock 
"another day at work, what can i say    "
always feel llike a beast after my 8 mile run but so sad it was our last one  sad 
"and whatever you do, do it heartily, as to the lord and not to men__colossians 3:23"
"workkkk soooonnnn, and workkk on saturdayy after my race and on sunday         "
i am gonna push myself as hard as i can go in the race tmrw  work after the race so hit me up if u cann 
"wow, florida is just getting stomped "
always love to watch the titans win 
a day off work is like a birthday present on a mondayy
"wow, 40 degrees outside and i got 4 <propmale> of speed work this morning  smile !!!"
government is just horrible to me     
i believe that i have a 6 mile run tmrw morning 
definately excited to get my first pay check!!!
guess i need to figure out some plans for this great fall break  smile 
got my haircut and in southaven shopping[][]
"yaaa, go titans"
sack city for the titans!!!thts what im talkin about 
"yesss, titans beat cowboys!!!! that makes up for a bad weekend "
"dentist, and then work later "
"realize ur doing wrong, admit that you were wrong, and then ask for forgiveness "
definately a good e playful erience doing speed workouts by urself  it's much harder to push urself to the limit when you know theres no one watching
"wow, i hope it stops hailing before i leave to work"
"hmm, make a poster for cross country and if i feel like it, calculus hw "
headed to work now
good night  i wish dreams could start where they left off sometimes  smile  
"i gotta go to work, and maybe paranormal activityy 2 later"
if u wanna go see paranormal activity 2 tonitee let me knowww   i definately dont wanna go alone haha 
is off to workk
"great speed work, but super glad it was our last "
blackout pep rally and senior night at the game tmrw  it should be a good dayy 
i am frozen solid
stuck watching college football 
h4ppy h4ll0w33n!!!
thats my boiiii cj2k right there!go titans
running in the rain for our last practice went well and very w e t 
i am ecstatic that this saturday is almost here! i can't wait!!
fridayy iz hhere!great day 
a lot of people run a race to see who is fastest  i run to see who has the most guts  -<propmale> prefontaine-
im one happy camper  got my pay check today 
"the only good race pace is suicide pace, and today looks like a good day to die  -<propmale> prefontaine"
getting escorted by police is super cool  on thr way to state meet!!!
"seven seniors, hundreds of <propmale> together, lots of cross country memories to never forget  peace out "
got an extra hour of sleep but still woke up with a sore knee and hip 
gotta go to work and figure out what to do later 
trying is having the intention to fail something before u start  confidence in urself is the key 
tuesday is snoozedayy 
"good knight, i can make it to church tonite  im excited  who wouldnt be?"
watchin get him to the greek and then to work 
if life was simple there wouldnt be a reason to live it  i wanna live my life where theres always something to overcome 
i hope this weekend turns out great
"well, work will be the highlight of my day tmrw cause people cancelling on me is a habit that i cant get rid of "
go titans and bears! get the w 
"q: how come you dont like to be called <propmale> ? a: because my name is <propfirst>, what silly question "
enjoying a day off work!
gonna get a lot of rest cause i know my heads gonnna hurt when i see those calculus problems 1st period  sad  
"english, physics, and govt tests tmrw? gonna be a late night tonight when  i find time to study "
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this"
"pay day  \cha-ching\"""""
great to be out of skool for over a week!
peer pressure is taking me to see <propmale> potter 
time to take a sip of my sleeping potion 
slept from 1 to 1  been a while since ive done that 
state > arkansas
church  smile 
gotta get to work on this mousetrap car    soon 
"would a lion cheat??? nooo, but a tiger wood! ooooooo"
some people are just clueless 
been workin on this mousetrap car for a few hours and then gotta work at 3 
i believe we have a 21 pound turkey for dinner tmrw  smile  
i guess now is a good time to get to sleep
start off thanksgiving with some football
great thanksgivingg! another night to stay up latee so hit me upp
i guess now is a good time to finallyy sleep
watching semi-pro  lets get tropical 
omg boise state
i cant wait for the egg bowl so i can watch state win after work  smile  
go dawgs! send them bears into hibernation!!!
state wins the egg bowl again!!! great job
i hate school projects 
i wish i could sleep thru skool today     
"my mom said \today is a stupid day\"""""
a lot of stuff to do once i get off work 
fixin to watch grown ups again haha 
i wanna get chocolate wasted  smile 
workkin on my mousetrap car 
omg!!!!!! i got my mousetrap car to goooo!@!!@!#@^#!&!*@! now all i gotta do is write the report and do government junk!
4 hours of sleep last night and tonite isnt lookin good either haha 
"if u wanna talk about someone, u better speak up  its makin u look pathetic when u mumble under ur breath"
"life is like a coin  you can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once __lillian dickson"
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow  the important thing is not to stop questioning  __albert einstein"
i love the smell of my paycheck 
"ugh, just woke up   not a veryy good friday "
midnight texting anyone haha?
"gosh, i gotta get to sleep hah  work tmrw at 3"
how do u love others if u cant love urself?
is glad i am off work today  smile  
jets r gonna take down the pats
come on christmas break! quit slowing down and get here alreaddy
"if you can accept losing, you can't win  -<propmale> lombardi"
got a feeling ima be up late tonight cause of stupid government workbook
ready to get this last act over with!
always feels good about the act and then get to the reading and science      uhhhh     
fixin to watch the e playful endables
i just got up from my nap       bak to watchin movies  
she's out of my league haha
got a much needed haircut
i wanna live to be 107 so i can be in the 22nd century  smile  
i wanna go home and get in bed  im brain dead right now 
"just got uniforms for work, a raise, and a ham from work as well"
"goin to christmas party at work, cant wait for that  i wish i didnt have to work after it tho "
happy with my 100 on the calculus exam but government is gonna suck tomorrow 
time to get in bed  ready for my last day before break tmrw 
idk what to dooooo
just woke up from a nice long sleep 
not good    stayinn up late is becomin a habit again 
"typical saturday, nothing to do until i go to work "
workkk
just started thinkin about that act last weekend     absolutely hate waiting for those scores 
forget this! midnight movie 
<propmale> who?
gettin in my warm bed early tonite
act nice toward others and u should get the same in return 
definately needs some plans for tonite 
feelin like im gonna pull an all nighter  no work tmrw!
<propfemale> shi fu jiu xu gei chuang pu <propfirst>!!!
just woke up from a deep sleep
midnight sugar rush???
maybe a few more hours and ill be ready for bed 
gettin to bed now
"well, i guess ill get in bed early tonight  after all, i do got work tmrw "
what a nice day to     
"work at 3, and movies at 9"
pickle schmickle!
inception
inception has my mind in another world!
i love jesus and cant wait until his birthday tomorrow!
"ummmmm, yaaaa    i gotta work today "
just got home from work!
elf  smile 
i wanna have one of those inception dreams!!!
2010 is almost over 
just got my act scores    english:21 math:27 reading:18 and science:23
goin to sleep finalllly
would you take a bullet for jesus?
"oh jeezzzz, just woke up and have work at 3! ahhhhh"
inception round 2
nothing to do on a wednesday night  go figure
feelin horrible today    
watching the other guys
paydayyy  smile !
"haha, game over or not refss   make up ur mind "
pumped up for the new years 5k tomorrow! it's been a while since my last run  
you can only live in the present 
"well, this is a fun time to be at work"
"well, school tmrw   "
glad i only got 3 hours of sleep saturday night so i could pass out last night!
"well, these teachers had their work ready for us in our first day back  sad "
"im sooo tired, im almost fallin asleep at workk"
i am  inbetween the lines l ¥ l
lame-oh-nade
"oh my, i almost hit a cat in the car "
no homework and no work = a good day 
playoffs start today!
how about them jets
jets win!!!!!
gonna be spending this afternoon at work 
where did all this ice cream outside come from?
sweet niblets  no school tomorrow and off of work  smile  
national chamionship tonight and full day off of work and school tomorrow
go auburn!
forget about glowin in the dark   oregons socks glow in the light!
auburn!!!
school tomorrow is the last thing i wanted to hear
i feel like its the right time to put inception in 
stupid stupid stupid
bored  the end 
had a fun time at a different church tonight  smile 
gosh i hate homework
"we need to make a double \shortcut\"" for calculus because a \""shortcut\"" is like half a <propfemale> """
i hate waking up this early on the weekend 
i wish i could stay home and watch football instead of work 
the green hornet was pretty awsome
i guess 1:45 is a good time to wake up
i have no idea what im gonna do with a full day off tomorrow 
"the miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth "
economics is so much easier than government  113 on my first test! smile 
i'm gonna go read the best book ever made 
just spent about an hour reading the bible!
im workin my tail off 
"h b b  (homework, bible, bed)"
finally a day that i am not loaded up with homework!
pizza and jersey shoreee
i got sickk while watching the news this morning cough cough cough
im gonna be <propfemale> tired once this day ends 
good night 
such a lame and boring day
the blind side is coming on  smile 
almost time for the bears to makke their way to the super bowl!
ill take the jets 27-21 
cheesehead and steelberger super bowl  this year sucks haha
"bunch of calculus problems, resume to start on, 2nd half of physics test tmrw     i will be busy "
gotta love calculus 
im feelin kinda smart this semester
i wanna get out of heree
soccer game tonight!!!
i think i finally thawed out from that great soccer game  im ready for the weekend 
bein home all day has been pretty lame
14 hours of sleep isnt too bad
what a fantastic night i guess
i don't know
i wish there was no skool tmrw
im just ready for high school to end 
"work, here i come"
rise and shine
i dont knoww what to do with all this time i have
i dislike reading this english stuff
islanders goalie knocked out with one punch haha 
don't do good things to be seen by people
help!!!!!!!
"just ran the \retarded 5k\"" with <propmale> this morning"""
feels good to be outta school
i wish someone could save me from work right now
yes!!! just got my acceptance letter to state!!!!!
im gonna get some rest 
"faillllll, tests in first two classes today "
"hah, work is boring right now "
still goin to work 
i wish i could text 10 people at a time like all the cool kids 
"dang, almost time for work "
not ready for school tomorrow 
"hah, it isnt cold outside at all "
"danggg, weekend is here!"
soooooo tired 
my saturdays are always lame 
officially goin to bed 
tomorrow is february 14 
i learned a new pick-up line in calculus today  hey    nice asymptote 
happy <propfirst>'s day
burrrrrrr
work is goin by so fast 
that calculus problem today was definately a humdinger 
lameeee
"woooo, weekends here!"
im so smarticle
"ah, bak to work for the weekend "
i dont know what i would do without a bed to lay in all afternoon 
last week went by fast and this week will probably be slow as dirt 
i got 3 tests tmrw and gotta go to work now  not a very good day ahead of me 
ive had better days 
school drools
payday  smile 
im glad that it is almost the weekend
building my instrument for physics!
i wish i could get off work already 
not feelin so good
"well, i got home to find out i have a terrible fever "
i really need to put pause on my grades right now so i cant mess them up this week 
not goin to work today    had to call in sick
i hope i wake up tomorrow feelin better than i have the past few mornings
i definately dont enjoy missin two days of work to be sick 
sooo tired from all these problems for calculus 
nothing to do   guess ill lay in bed til i fall into a deep sleep 
today suckss
i thank the lord for a safe trip home
nice guys always lose
d <propfemale> took lebron and d <propmale> at the same time! straight up beast!
mondays always creep up on u
it feels like i havent been to work in foreverrrr
i would rather be in bed right now
work is very fun when u have nothing to do
im trusting myself to wake up early tomorrow and do my english note cards 
yawnnn
pi day tomorrow!!! gonna be crazy!~
pi day was great but i'm glad spring break is here~!
bed time 
workk on a beautiful saturday
12 hours of sleep last night and i still feel tired 
i need to start yawning cause i am so bored right now
glad i finally got off work
it has been a longgg day
this is ridiculous howi have to spend my day 
march madness is a killer 
i hate when i wake up this late and have to work at 3
spring break needs to slow down a little 
i am oh so sleepyyy!
im glad this school year is almost over 
watching the fighter  i love my days off work
im glad work is over with for today
it's just one of those days where i woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
calculus and physics today have just blown my mind
gonna be a long night
north <propfemale> is beastttt! ohio state or kentucky better bring it 
watching step brothers
good night facebook
vcu is my hero as of now 
after work comes homework and thats never good 
i wish school was easier since its almost over but it is getting much more difficult 
i wish i knew why i am sleepy this early
3 bowls of cereal was pretty good but im bored of eating it
research papers suck
"yaaaa, just got my license!!!"
almost time for work
"nothing to do at work right noww, need some textss"
"ya, so getting cussed out at work by an old man wasn't the greatest thing to happen to me "
off to work
