ed8cece35fd5a8a8580cbe23b7a1db25
-insert witty comment here-
finally!!  i'm making some dinero!!!
"went on an amazing zipline adventure yesterday   today is slow   laundry, setting apts, and picking up the house "
"zumba class today! otherwise, hangin out and cleanin up "
"watching \the haunting of ct\"" with my mother and absolutley horrified   """
decided i'll be leaving for st <propfirst> the 14th instead of the 15th 
"well, i arrived in st <propfirst> last night   i'll be here or over a week   time to reunite with my girls!"
"\she thinks my tractor's sexy!\"""""
i have the best hall ever!!  legacy rox!!  this year is going to be the best!
"the ladies of the land of legacy united and waged war against the kingdom of koinonia,  the attack was fierce but the battle has not been won   onward we fight!!"
are you as bored as i?  doubtful   
 sad 
who wants to dress up and go to late skate this friday?  let's do it!!   laugh 
"late skate was fun! dressed up as a white, wannabe gangster    laugh "
-insert witty comment here-
i feel like death warmed over 
is finally finishing her presentation on post-partum psychosis 
my presentation on postpartum psychosis went amazing!!!!! my prof was thoroughly impressed!   laugh     *happy dance!!!*
i just realized how much fun speech settings are on my computer!!!
"has two papers due in nine to ten hours that i have barely begun   procrastination, ole <propmale> ole pal, you never let me down!   playful "
mmmmm!  went ahuntin' for one ugly duck!!!   smile 
good day!
please keep me in your prayers these upcoming weeks   i'll be honest and say that i am struggling with school and need prayers   thank you!
i would be one step closer to dieing happy if i knew how to spin fire poi   oh yes!  don't know what it is?  youtube it   it will blow your miiiind!!!!   laugh 
just truckin' down the road called life today    smile 
"a facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then press up, down, or click & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it works! put this as your status if it worked for you"
happy new years everybody!!
i smelled a stuffed animal in your bathroom because i'm cool like that 
i really miss my parents internet service   :[  it's so slow back at school 
it's past two in the morning and i'm teaching myself how to draw correct female body proportions     why am i not an <propmale> <propmale> again?  o o
reduced fat jif is definitelty not as good as the original   
"start ofthe new semester and i just pulled an all-nighter  ah, procrastination, you never let me down "
   i miss my mom   
hasn't slept all night   so what do you do as motivation?  you dress up!!   laugh 
i love that light feeling in your chest when you know it's gonna be a good day     smile 
i would jump for the <propmale> to be a french history <propmale>!!
i want me some african violets    smile 
"had three hours of fitful sleep and i'll be heading off for a histroy final soon   also have a paper due today that i'll be working on afterwards   due at 2   and after that??  lots and lots of homework       at least i had a fun weekend, right?   :["
lets gather 'round the campfire and sing our campfire song   our c-a-m-p-f-i-r-e  s-o-n-g song 
out in the student center doin' homework with <propfemale>   anybody want to join??
i'm so stressed and up in the air about where i am heading and what i am putting my efforts into that i just want to scream!!  somebody just give me the answers!!!!!
"well, today is the last day at jbu      i'm at a loss for words   "
i'm in st <propfirst> safe and sound   drov e throuht he night and got here at 5 am   i miss my sisters aready   you know who you are!!     love 
"took the dogs to the groomers   haha, they don't look like they've been living in the dimpster behind denneys anymore    playful "
   i'm not receiving updates about my profile   :[
"watchin' boondock saints ii: all saints day   boondock saints is my all time favorite movie   they did a pretty good job, but there was no way to top the first movie    laugh "
is excited to see all her jbu girls on the first through the third    laugh 
   packing for tomorrow's trip to st <propfirst> 
can i get yo numbah  can i??  can i have it???
treasure isle
"ah, just waitin 'til monday!   *insert girlish squeal here*"
the second day of the move is coming to a close    i am exhausted!
yay!!  i got my internet set up!!!  now i have to figure out how to use it wireless    laugh 
"hmmm, not long after i get my internet set up, my computer decides not to turn on anymore   >[   back to using my mother's computer and back to the apple store for help     playful "
"i'm in a sad place   i realize that i have let what should be most important to me slip away to allow simple and short-lived pleasures into my life   it's time to step back, reevaluate things, and have the courage to put everything on the line for my own personal health and happiness   a lot of tough introspection on the way   it's time to have a heart-to-heart with a certain father   we haven't talked in a while "
just finished filling out a job application   finger crossin' time!
you know   i just     gah!    -no comment-
what's with these animal shaped rubberbands?   o o  why so popular??
is it possible to have a busy yet slow day?  i feel like i am having one of those 
why write some longwinded status to try and hint that i am all deep and depressed   why not just say it in plan text?  status:  i'm depressed   short and sweet 
cleanin out the closet of my fall winter garb and preparing for a badly needed summer wardrobe   this calls for shopping!!!
saturday night and home alone   booooring    annoyed 
had an amazing time with <propfirst> last night    laugh 
sluggish today   blech 
neon trees   now a big fan!
"i have officially blocked farmville    yeah, i went there "
had a firework whiz straight in front of my windshield while driving through the neighborhood   nice aim   jerks 
being responsible kinda sucks sometimes      oh well    smile 
first early mornin in a looooong time   woke up before the sun came up 
went to outback steakhouse w <propfirst> last night  delicious!!  thanks <propfemale>!
"apparently kings island liked my application, cuz this chick was just asked to come in for an audition class session on monday!!!!   laugh "
can't wait until september is over and october is here!!
bummed   
computer applications and an algebra class today 
completely not enthused about going to biology today 
   is completely psyched that it's starting to feel like fall outside!!
   is psyched that it is starting to feel like fall outside!!   laugh 
laying in bed and feeling like death warmed over   hobbes is keeping me company though    smile 
time to take control   time to focus on the present instead of stressing about the future   time to accept the fact that i am living in the adult world 
my bed just happens to feel the comfiest when i have to get up and go to class 
received the call this mornin   i've just been hired to work at buckle    laugh 
sick in bed    sad 
takin' care of business 
watching a documentary on body modifications 
"i am actually being proactive and getting homework done, sitting at cinci state computers, preparing   and i have no homework   for the first time in my life, i wish i had homeowork "
pissed off at pearson education's mymathlab   i install all the necessary plugins and it refuses to accept them   awesome!  can't do homework and can't study for my quiz   this is crap!
been on facebook now for 20 minutes     this is the longest i've been actively mulling around the site in a looong time 
"pls prof, cancel class tonight   i'd rather not slide off the road when merely leaving my apartment complex   it looks like no one has touched the road leading to hamilton-mason "
despicable me    smile 
i really need a good set of oil pastels    annoyed   hmmmmmm   
anybody want an orange tabby?   annoyed 
good day today!  i was taught how to change my car's oil and filter and how to make wanton wraps   mmmmmm       smile 
sick 
watchin' <propfirst> play dead space 
an hour ago i was nervous about the new term   now after some preparation i am just psyched!
"while i do homework, <propmale> <propmale> plays video games on both his computer and the ps3 at the same time "
you and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals   
<propfemale>!!!
"   is screwed in her pubic speaking class because she didn't go to two classes and instead attended her great grandmother's funeral in <propfirst>, texas   awesome "
"after much resistance, <propfirst>'s got me hooked on <propmale> "
"personal goal annoyed \in 6 months teach myself how to airbrush body paint, mold prosthetic, build a wig and create a costume and props so that <propfirst> slusher can be a na'vi for halloween and i can have something to put in my portfolio "
