75e66d036cf174f7db905ef0fd225ea2
is going to enjoy today with mom and see my love tomorrow  smile 
soooo excited  smile 
is so happy&hearts;
la la love you 
lets it all roll off her shoulders  smile 
is having the best time with her man  smile 
"is at the tiki bar, having a beer, with best friends  love "
tiki bar tonight! yay!
sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together &hearts;
is overwhelmed  c'mon wednesday 
loves nnaps with her <propmale>!!
is going to have a beautiful day with matt&hearts;
is going to have a great night with friends  smile 
"is going to have the best week! <propmale> festival, <propfemale> is visiting, shopping, seeing <propmale> "
is paranormal activity and zombieland today! yes!
had a great day and things are only going to get better this week!
is going to see 2 of my favorite people this weekend! things couldn't get any better than that!
is waiting for my man to get home so we can have a wonderful day together!
"is so excited for everything! graduation, christmas, new years!"
has never been happier 
"so happy to be home with my hysterical, slightly insane, family &hearts;"
"    i'm so blessed to have the best boyfriend, family, and friends  life goes on and it's in god's hands!"
didn't get the <propfemale>    big mistake  smile 
    feeling sorry for youself is not attractive  smile 
"    when it rains, it pours  but i've got a big umbrella "
want big <propmale> 
"    with salt in my hair and the sand in my toes, i'm so happy "
"can't wait for shopping, movies, and wine with mommy "
"    going by me doing 80 mph and a wheelie makes me think you're an idiot, not hot stuff   smile "
    missing my mattieboo 
is watching the graduate and loving the <propmale> and garfunkel soundtrack 
was loving this hot weather until my car's a c went out  my booty is frying on these leather seats!
couldn't be happier &hearts;
can't wait to spend time with my loverman!
    life! i love it!
wishing i could go back to kayaking with my love and the dolphins!
is blessed because jesus loves me!
    wish my name was <propfemale> white so <propfirst> lamontagne would sing to me!!!!
"is going out on the boat with my love, kev and <propfemale>!!"
    birthday week to commence in about 6 hours  i couldn't be more excited!!
thinks nutella on a bagel with apples can cure even the crappiest of days 
is the luckiest girl to have a boyfriend who brings home surprise cupcakes and donuts after work&hearts;
watching miami animal police makes me want to adopt 20 needy animals  sad 
my boyfriend comes back on tv september 26th! ahhhhh so excited!
"    kidneys, who needs em!"
seriously has the best mommy ever in existence 
fmk     haha
feels like pulling a <propfirst> costanza when the sheets are tucked in!!
can't turn my thoughts off long enough to fall asleep!
    you've set on me but you were not the sun 
"    cause i still love to wash in your old bathwater, love to think that you couldn't love another, share a toothbrush, you're my kind of man &hearts;"
absolutely hates existentialism 
"very productive day! life, i love it!!"
tears can get a girl out of almost anything  smile 
"if anyone wants a chinchilla, email me for details! i have to move and won't be able to take him with me   sad "
    i don't know which is more agonizing: watching everybody loves <propfirst> or going to the doctor  a
"    all the nightmares came today, it looks as though they're here to stay "
has had the best year and a half of my entire life  i never thought i could be so in love  love 
so excited for pumpkin pie!
lubriderm      makes you smell like a grandma and feel like a baby's butt  love it!
owwww    starbucks why you no loff me!?!
ending this night with a bottle of wine!
"happy happy, joy joy "
loving the little rascals!
is the happiest girl because i have the best boyfriend and family  love 
glass of wine to remedy a shitty monday? i'll make it three  smile 
    <propfirst> quaid on <propfemale> nearly makes me vomit from laughing so hard 
has got a mouth like a sailor 
    i don't know what i'm doing driving a honda accord  i need a mustang!!!
    it's a melancholy day 
    nice girls finish last 
"    there is nothing better than a long, hot shower, yoga, an iced hazelnut latte, and lunch with my bestfriend "
    life is too short to worry about what other people think  it's all rolling off my shoulders  smile 
i got accepted to my first law school! yay! hard work is finally paid off!
