0a4c0c171b170c07d6c53020ff29ded5
happy new year everybody!!!
yeah boyfriends suck!!!  i'm single & available!    anyone out there?
yeah well get an f'n life cuz i wouldnt go out with  you if your life depended on it!!!
has just played skill bingo for the first time - the hardest bingo game on facebook!
i just dont understand why its [life] gotta be like this!?
i hate <propmale>!
i sure could go for some southern comfort and monster right about now!!!that shits tasty!!
anyone else want to get in on some southern comfort and monster with me? you know you want some!
"why does the truth have to be so difficult for some people? i just don't get it, you know "
an old friend just found me on facebook!! i think that is so awesome!!! im talking about you <propfirst>!! cant wait to talk to ya!!!
"it never makes sense to me   when someone knows that they're wrong but will not admit to it   no matter what!? it's okay to be wrong sometimes, u know   people dont think anything less of you, they just think you're actually human! go figure!!!"
happy birthday zach!!!
"today i had so much fun! i played softball for the very first time   ever! i didnt swing the bat yet, but i did stand out in the field & i actually caught the ball more than once! a bunch of times! it was so cool!!! cant wait to do it again! (hint-hint-ken!!)"
well everybody   wish me luck-im going to a job interview in a few minutes!!! who knows what will happen; but at least im trying!!??
"i dont even have words to describe what <propmale> has done to my heart   this time!? i feel like it wont ever be 'normal' again-heck, there is nothing left of it to get a <propmale> to get 'normal' again   "
today <propmale> & i went on a picnic at lunch-time at the park! man it was sooo nice love   i cant wait to do it again!! and we'll bring along the kids too!  love  love 
people who lie are worthless losers
fw: halloween pix
"just got back from helping my girlfriend move into her new place!! man we're not even close to being ready for any furniture or nothing yet!! i swear i got \caulk\"" on me that will never come off!!!"""
yeehaw!!    going to the monster truck rally tonight!!!
*well i got some good-ass news!!! tonight this morning my friend and i won $750 00 at bingo on a pull tab!!!!!!! yeah!
"*well, i had an awesome time bowling tonight with all my new friends!? thanx"
 love  happy valentines day  love 
i need to get home!!!  weed really aint the place! (for me) !
