1c3d32c5766fc217d469459a9336bb71
"so glad christmas is over     ready for a new year to begin     well, kinda    annoyed "
so      what's this facebook thing all about?
"no work today   yeah!!  but now i'm bored   what to do, what to do?   smile "
hope everyone had a safe and happy 4th of july!!!       back to cleaning the house now 
the day flew by  at work today     hope tomorrow is the same!!  ha ha
thank god it's freakin friday!!!  gonna chill tomorrow and then sunday is the first concert at the san <propmale> ampitheater    kinda looking forward to it    but kinda not at the same time 
i'm burnt out       and it's only tuesday        blah!!   annoyed \
"i've been in palm springs since wednesday, just got home about an hour ago        can you say f**cking hot!!!  yeah, it was 98 degrees at 10 smile 0 this morning   i felt like i was going to literally melt    after i burnt to a crisp!!  but i did have an aweso"
i have to go back to work tomorrow          that sucks!!!!
"so swamped at work right now       glad to be home, finally!!!"
"had crue fest on friday and journey last night           i'm beat, but can't go back to sleep for some reason    "
i am so done with today     
another monday gone by      my how time flies      
all is well at the hostetler pad     off to my house now!!
"spent most of the day at the doctors office today    then another hour and a  half at the lab getting x-rays     just to find out that i probably have a fractured and dislocated knee cap   and of course, that will require surgery     yeah    pretty crappy monday for me!!!!   annoyed \"
it's friday     hells yeah!!!!
goin to the dr  tomorrow to figure out what's their going to do to my knee    fun fun        annoyed 
at home     throwing up     because of all the motrin 800 i've been taking for my knee   this sucks a**!!!!
soooooo glad it's friday!!!!   smile 
what     it's only tuesday!!!!
is tired and about to crash for the nite    laters
not to bad of a day    for tuesday!!
it's way to early to be up            but here i am!!!!
"is so f**king stressed out    i can't even see straight   i mean i understand that in life your supposed to have ups and downs, bad days and good days, joys and sorrows    and that's cool      but having more than a few bad things possible thrown at me all at once is proving to be a bit overwhelming!!!"
2009 concert season at san <propmale> ampitheater is over     last show was the smokeout yesterday     and it was the best show too!!!
"tired, ready for bed      and it's not even 9 surprise 0 pm yet!!!! how pathetic is that?!?!?!?!"
why do the weekends seem to fly by    but the week days just absolutely drag?!?!?!?
   still haven't bought a single christmas present       annoyed 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     i'm so tired    but i can't go to sleep!!  aaahhhhhh     annoyed 
zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is christmas really in 2 days?????  where do the years go     
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> to all!!!
hope everyone has a safe and fun new year`s <propfemale>!!!
driving home from el mirage   took the kids out to go dirt bike riding & they loved it!! good day   smile 
putting up christmas decorations   fun!  taking down christmas decorations   not so fun!
thank you all for my birthday wishes!!!!  xoxo
i think i might have to swim to work tomorrow    it's been pouring non-stop since this afternoon!!!   annoyed 
"<propfemale> is a beautiful person who is genuine, has lots of friends, accepts most people, is extremely good at keeping secrets and taking pictures, likes dogs, is a good liar, a good dancer, an e playful ert at making out, likes to have fun, and loves the movies!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - more from urbandictonary com"
"<propfemale> blue eyes ~ a young woman who is so beautiful & full of life, that everyone she meets cant wait to see her again  - from     guess where?!?!?!   laugh "
so don't want to be at work today       annoyed 
is today over yet??  lol
if your lost you can look and you will find me   time after time    if you fall i will catch you i'll be waiting   time after time    ~ <propfemale> lauper   awesome song - dedicated to both my little sisters - love you both so much!!!
ok    who felt the two earthquakes we just had???  i'm in riverside right next to ucr in a 2 story building and they were both pretty intense!!!!
monday already???   annoyed 
happy hump day     as in it's wednesday      for all you perv's!!!  ha ha
grandpa is in the hospital    lost of fluid around his heart   sad    but i know he'll pull through    he's a hostetler!!!!
can you tell i'm bored today    i just took like 20 quizes!!! i feel like crap    wanna go home and snuggle up in bed with my son 
only about 3 hours to go    then i'm outta here!!!
hello all    beautiful monday today       smile 
just a bit bored today   can you tell??  hey   at least i'm cute right   lol
another day   another dollar!!!!
"if you have a son(s) who makes your life interesting and fun, have been blessings in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status"
friday work day is more than half over     yeah!!!!!!!!!!
"one fuckin hour to go    come on, come on    i'm ready for the weekend!!"
monday    oh how i sometimes dislike you       lol
so i'm realizing that my son is a social butterfly at school    always getting in trouble for talking to his friends in class     sound like someone you know?   like me!!! like mother like son i guess       smile 
excited to go to lunch with my mother and second mother <propfemale> today!!!  yeah  =}
had a nice lunch with mom 1 & 2   now back to work    blah   annoyed 
"i hate it when your \homies\"" don't ever call you back    or reply to messages     grrr    """
it's almost friday      yeah!!!
friday is here     hells yeah!!!!   laugh 
laters    it's friday and im outta here!!!!
"weekend was nice (never long enough)    windy as hell in rancho though, but at least it didn't rain!!!  hope everyone's weekend was nice    smile   ttfn"
howdy all    been busy today     fiinally!!!
"off to get my massage      yes, i am privledged enough to have an awesome massuse whom is also like a best friend!!!  life is grand!!!!   smile "
another busy day    yippee skippee
kiss me    i'm not <propfemale>!!!!  lol happy saint patty's day everyone         smile 
la di da     la di da      is this day over yet?!?!?!?!?!    playful 
mornin    it's only tuesday       annoyed 
yes     it's finally the afternoon!!!!  woohoo    laugh 
"medical distinction between guts and balls~ guts - is arriving home late after a night out with the guys, being met by your wife with a broom, and having the guts to ask: 'are you still cleaning, or flying somewhere?' balls - is coming home late after a night out with the guys, smelling of perfume and beer, lipstick on your collar, slapping your wife on the butt and having the balls to say: 'you're next, chubby '"
hey ya'll      it's hump day!!!!    smile 
it's thursday!!!!  my son will be 8 in 4 days     and were going to disneyland!!!  yeah   smile 
busy <propfemale> at work today     glad i'm home chillin with my boy
oh yeah    happy hump day!!!!
hello facebookers     how goes it??   smile 
had a great easter with the fam   bbq was delicious!!
at home with my son whos not feeling well   thinking about all the stuff thats going to be piled on my desk at work tomorrow!!    annoyed 
so bored   hate being at home but love cuddling with my boy   hes such a snuggle <propfemale> when he doesnt feel good    smile 
just made dinner for the first time   broccoli cheese chicken   and it was good!! yeah for me!!!   smile 
back at work     and not to much crap piled on my desk   thought it would be a lot worse!!!   smile 
"craving chocolate right now     really shouldn't eat it and don't need it, but really really want it!!!   sad "
just ate at kishi   awesome food!! happy birthday <propfemale>!!
happy hump day fellow facebookers!!
need to learn to not take things so personal & just let it go  its not worth my time to worry about what everyone else thinks      annoyed 
done with today   nite all   
"good day   bad night  funny, its usually the other way around!!  sleeping tonight   i might as well forget about it    annoyed "
it's friday    and the day's half over    yes!!!   smile 
"its going to be a long & busy day tomorrow   birthday party for both the boys!! not sure im prepared for that many people all at once, but it will be a blast!!!   smile "
"had an awesome bday for the boys today   great turn out!! yummy food, cake, presents & good friends, what more could you ask for!! thanks to all who made the day great   smile "
supposed to rain today   sad 
so excited     going to meet up with <propfemale> for my massage after work today     then were heading out for dinner and drinks!!  great way to end a monday!!!!
just walked about 4 miles   munchin on raw veggies with light ranch dip for dinner   good day!
"no, im not a freaking super model     so the f what!!!!!  who asked you anyway       annoyed "
is it possible to get away from reality   if only for a moment??
"leave one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot, anything you remember  don't send a message, leave a comment on here   *next, re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you "
usually on the kitchen counter   sometimes on my dresser   
its almost friday   woot woot!!
busy day today     weekend's comin fast!!!!  woohoo   laugh 
almost to vegas   finally!!!   smile 
havin so much fun   to bad we have to go back home today      sad 
i just love the drive home from vegas   dont you??    annoyed 
back to work    ugh!!!
time for bed-e-bye    nite nite all
ever had one of those dreams where you wake up like wtf just happened?  yeah    i had one of those last night     
everybodys lookin for love   aint that the reason your in this club   so hate this song!!
love being at home all nice and cozy when its raining outside   now for some hot cocoa!!
i just love my surveyors    there so nice to me this early in the morning!!   annoyed 
way past my bed time   nite all   zzzzzzzz
bed-e-bye time for me    nite nite all!
cheesy beef taco for dinner tonight   yummy!! thanks <propfirst>   smile 
i find peace in watching my son sleep   wondering what he`s dreaming about and thinking about how lucky i am to have him  kids are truly amazing      smile 
had fun at the festival of lemons last night   thanks for the invite <propfirst>!!
could so take a nap right now    so i think i just might do that!!   smile 
my roommate = zzzzzz ha ha    smile 
"i think i'll head off to bed now    no kids, roommate's already asleep   should be able to sleep tonight!!  wish me luck    lol"
say what you mean and mean what you say   that way you cznt get in trouble for it later   
"so im wearing a dress to work today cuz i still havent done laundry  i think the last time i wore a dress was to my company xmas party   im betting ill get at least 10 \why are u all dressed up\"" or \""where are you going\"" comments today!  ha ha"""
"lmao   my washer sounds like people fu*king on a squeaky bed   its kind of a turn on!!  im horrible, i know    "
"men say that girls are the ones who tease when in reality they are the ones who tease just as much, if not more than women   fu*kin teasers!!!  lol"
is wearing another dress today   man i`m lazy!! i even started my laundry   just havent finished   
is it friday yet   
goodnight to all   and to all a goodnight   
rain   sun    rain     sun     mother earth is such a woman   can't ever seem to make up her mind!!!!   playful 
does anyone else have a child that fights going to bed every night   cuz i do   lol
's ears are burning    so which one of you is thinking about me now??
excited to go with <propmale> on his school field trip tomorrow   at least schools still have feild trips!!
still recovering   lol
headache!!! and i already know that if i go to sleep with a headache   ill wake up with a headache      annoyed 
another monday     ugh     
facebook is my escape from disney channel and cartoon network!!  i know    pretty lame isn't it!?!?!?
facebook is my escape from disney channel and cartoon network!!
"so   did i mention that i made dinner again last night?  well, i did   with a little help from <propmale> of course   it was yummy!!!    smile "
's got one for all those idiots that say nothing is impossible  try slamming a revolving door sometime!!!
at home with <propmale> again   almost made it to school but as imb exiting the fwy he throws up all over the place!  yuck      annoyed 
tgif   now i just need it to be 5 pm      laugh 
ok     gotta get some work done    ttfn my fb friends!!!
"says, \please try again om monday  it's friday afternoon so your request has been denied \"""""
good morning saturday   you decided to come knocking on my door at about 645 this morning   
scandia was sooo packed today   and the rides suck too      annoyed 
"maybe ill get to sleep in tomorrow   being mothers day and all   \probably not  lol   smile "
happy mothers day   to all the different kinds of mothers out there   love 
nice hot shower   bowl of ice cream   watching a good show while i fall asleep  pretty nice ending to my mothers day      smile 
"ok   so im really wanting to start taking zumba classes at my local gym   ive taken step classes before but years ago  any suggestions, do`s dont`s, comments   anything? thanks   love "
happy monday!!      blah     annoyed 
"found a zumba class at my gym   cant wait to start!!!  no more getting called fat for me!!   smile \now off to bed   nitee nite   zzzzz"
"i wouldn't call myself crazy, just mentally hilarious     "
so glad it's my night to have my son     missing him so much right now!!!   sad 
"chillin at home wathing the boys play sonic the hedgehog on ps3   fun, fun!   smile "
<propmale> decided to use half of my bottlw of body wash from <propfemale> secret while taking his bath tonight   he was so lathered up in it it took me 20 minutes to rinse all of it off!!! and <propmale> he reeks of plumeria!!!  lmao
omg you have to try this    hold alt and press f4 (alt+f4) do it now!
about to watch irom man 2 with ethan   hells yeah!!!
remember when all we had to worry about was cooties and coloring inside the line? those were the day  smile 
"peace out my fellow facebookers    until we meet again (tomorrow) \zzzzzz"
i made my own path     and now i'm just lost!
"lazy day today   just sat around and did a bunch of nothin   kind of fun!!\nite nite all   "
watching the movie black night with ethan   never seen it before  its freakin funny!!! ha ha
trying to get <propmale> to bed    sundays are always the toughest cuz he gets to stay up on friday & saturday nights    
"im really tired but cant seem to go to sleep    my mind wont shut off, or even switch into a lower gear at least!!  ugh    "
wonders if anyone else has noticed that facebook is the only place it is socially acceptable to write on walls     
"i have you  a lover and a friend  you are everything i need  without you, life wouldn't be the same  so please don't ever go away  but if you go, then don't forget to take me with you   "
nose all stuffed up   ears plugged so i can only hear myself   i hate head colds! yuck   annoyed 
is amazed that you can hold your nose and hum at the same time  ha ha! you can't! comment if you tried this!
watching transformers 2   for like the 4th time in a week!!!  good movie tho   
"dear mr  head cold, please go away      i don't like you anymore!!   annoyed "
i think im over this head cold  just in time for the weekend    yeah!!
nitee nite all   until we meet again   
"it's friday, it's friday     woot woot!!!   laugh "
just finished a long a** bike ride with ethan   havent riden on a bike in years  my legs are gonna be hurtin tomorrow!!!
bringing <propmale> to the renaissance faire today     we've never been before!!  looking forward to having some fun    smile 
oh how i would love to trade in mondays for fridays!!
"has been so blesseds with an amazing son, loving family and wonderful friends   thank you!"
it's way to early to be up   and at work!!!!  it's gonna be a long day         annoyed 
"happiness keeps you sweet, \\trials keep you strong, \\sorrows keep you human, \\success keeps you glowing,  \and failures keep you humble,\but friends and family keep you going!"
"i miss those blue eyes, the way you kiss me at night, i miss the way we sleep    \but i never told you what i should've said, no i never told you i just held it in   \and now i miss everything about you    love this song!!!"
long day   time to get some sleep  nite nite all    zzzzzz
yeah     it's wednesday!!!!  having trouble breathing properly today    freakin alergies   ugh   annoyed 
had a grilled chicken salad for dinner   just finished a long walk with ethan   feelin good!
has learned that you can't please everybody   but if you piss 'em off real good you won't have to worry about it  smile 
you can ring my      door <propfemale>!!!   please do   really   go ahead   i'm waiting!!!!   smile 
tgif   well almost anyway  close enough right?!?!  nite nite   
"it's friday, it's friday     and i don't have to go to work on monday     oh yeah!!! woot woot   laugh "
<-----had a great time with good friends tonight!!!    laugh 
watching walle   forgot how funny & cute this movie is       smile 
"just arrived at the \best plaxe on earth\""   disneyland!!  its a beautiful day    laugh """
they shut down space mountain   right when we were about to use our fast passes too    annoyed 
officially going on a diet   and this time im doing it for me! nite nite all   
at least its already tuesday!!!!
"bbq chicken, corn & peas for dinner   yummy!!  thanks <propfirst>   smile "
"he loves me   he loves me not   he loves me   he loves me not   \i love him "
at the dentist with ethan   hes getting 4 teeth pulled this morning!!  poor guy   sad 
so proud of my big guy   he did so good at the dentist this morning!!   smile 
<------ is sleepy   zzzzzzzz
"oh yeah, it's already thursday!!!   where has this week gone?  hope everyone has a great day   smile "
   today was a good day      smile 
so <propmale> has 3 of the 4 teeth he got pulled under his pillowcase for the tooth <propfemale> tonight   and i think hes planning on making some big bucks off of them too!!  lol
"tgif    tgif    tgif    tgif    wait, i have to work tomorow   damnit!!!!  ha ha    smile "
dinner at chillis   now at home chillin in front of the tv    so nice!!
long day tomorrow   need all the sleep i can get   nitee nite fbers!
first concert of the season at sma   here i come!! damn its already hot as fizuk too!!
lazy day today   recouping fron my long day yesterday    smile 
hi all    i'm back!!!  i know you all missed me      smile 
it's time to go home!!!  yes       laugh 
hope everyone had a happy hump day today   now off to bed  zzzzzzz
"today i am going to be productive, understanding, and nice  what? stop laughing! i'm serious, really   i swear!   laugh "
"   don't let the things you can't do stop you from doing the things you can   \happy monday everyone!!   laugh "
its finally coolin down outside   nice breeze now   smile 
"a true friend is a person you can tell anything, some you can be honest with & they wont hold it against you   but most importantly, it's someone who will never just walk away \everyone should have a true friend in their life!!   smile "
"   just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you the way they want to   "
happy thursday everyone!!!  one day closer to friday    
chillin at home watchin the boys play bolt on ps3   this game is freakin sweet!!!
so glad im not interested in basketball   its gonna be a rough night for the fans   nite nite
its freakin friday    hells yeah!!!!  it's been a loooonnnnng week!!
"its friday night   so i ordered pizza for dinner, i'm drinking a <propfemale> and just chillin watching my son and nephew play gi joes together   life is good    smile "
ironmaiden rocked lasr night   thanks to all my friends that were able to come & enjoy it with me!!
happy fathers day to all the dads out there!!
"i love my friends!!!  love \oh    and happy monday everyone!!!   smile "
hola    and happy tuesday to everyone   hopefully this day flies by cuz i'm ready for hump day already!!!   laugh 
happy hump day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable day full of humping      smile 
"omg   kids crack me up! my son & nephew entertained themselves with froot loops the entire ride from home to summer camp this morning    oh, to be young again      smile "
"yes, yesss, yessssss      "
it's been a fun filled day     lovin it!!!
the boys have been in their pj`s playin toy story 3 all day   lazy bums!!  lol
ugh     here we go again        annoyed 
"   sex is like a gas station   sometimes you get excellent service, sometimes you get poor service, and sometimes you just have to settle for self-service   \*funny status i saw earlier today*"
"the boys had a fun bike scooter ride today, ate pb&j sandwiches with cheetos for dinner, had some play time, showered & are now passed out    pretty smooth night!   laugh "
"another day    another dollar, or two!!!   laugh "
yup yup        laugh 
"almost, almost, almost there     "
"almost, almost, almost there      oh yeah!"
just got home from taking the boys to see the last airbender   pretty good movie!
<-------- will be <egas bound in t minus 6 hours woot woot!!! have a safe 4th of july weekend everyone!   smile 
is in vegas already    hardly any traffic at all!! time to party!!!!!
"at lake mead just chillin, relaxin & gettin some sun    scary visual of me, i know!!!  ha ha"
happy 4th of july everyone!!!!
<----- is really missing my little cuddle bug right now    sad 
left vegas at 6 this morning & made it home by 930 with no traffic    hells yeah!!
"lazy, lazy, lazy day today    sooooo nice! nite nite  zzzzzzz"
back to the grind      
got my boy and my nephew cuddled up with me watching tv   lovin it!!
"i wish the sun would come out     i mean, it is summer!!!"
   some people make your life better just by walking into it   others make your life better by walking out of it   
omg   mayhem festival is freakin packed!!!  been here since 930 this morning & wont leave til 1 am tomorrow am    hells yeah!!!!!
another lazy sunday passing by    im freakin sore & tired from the mayhem festival yesterday  it was a pretty badass concert though   well worth the bumps & bruises! lol
oh yeah    i'm freakin sore today boy!!!!
so ready for bed   but my favorite show is coming on   and ethan`s still wide awake for some reason  i think its gonna be a long night        annoyed 
can i go home yet     please!!!! still tired and sore      annoyed 
"going to be a really long day tomorrow   i should probably go to bed early, but i wont "
poke me if you've ever had a crush on me   like this status if you think i am a good friend   message me if you've ever wanted a relationship with me   comment on this if we've made good memories together     
"<-------  is super excited!!!  <propmale> and i are going to disneyland tomorrow after work  gonna eat somewhere in downtown disney, go on some rides, stay at a hotel, get up early saturday morning and do it all again    just me and my boy all weekend!!!  love "
already made it to disneyland    no traffic at all!!! this weekend is starting off perfectly   smile 
whew    long day and a fun filled evening with my boy!! time for some sleep so we can do it all again tomorrow   zzzzzz
"finally home from our disneyland trip   ive never been more tired in my life, and all ethan`s wired (of course)  we had sooo much fun together though    smile "
finally home from our disneyland trip & ive never been more tired in my life & ethan`s still wired of course  we had sooo much fun together    smile 
"vaccumed the house, dusted the house, polished the furniture, cleaned the kitchen & bathrooms   now to get ready for work at sma  its gonna be a long night!"
vip is packed   
i never knew i could have so much fluid on my knee     that's why i've been in so much pain!!!!   annoyed 
"soooo bored    wish i could just go to sleep, but i cant "
omg     soooooo busy at work today!!!  and it didn't seem to make the day go by any faster either   annoyed 
<---- has been cleaning out my ant filled pantry since i got home from work!!! guess i wont be having a relaxing night after all   
"working off hardly any sleep last night    couldn't sleep so i kept getting up to check and see if the ants came back to invade my pantry   looks like i've won the battle so far!!!!\i have a feeling its gonna be a long day   annoyed \"
"well, another busy busy day at work    i feel productive!!!   smile "
goin to bed earlier than usual tonight   hoping for a good nights sleep   zzzzzzzz
i hate having to make desicions    guess i need to start weighing the pros and cons   annoyed 
   and that's all i have to say about that 
"dear weekend, you come in & out of my life so quickly i feel like we havent gotten to know eachother  i really wish you would stay longer    sad "
hmmmmm     
so ive been thinking its tuesday all day  was all  happy cuz this week was goin by super fast   and then i realized its only monday  what the freak??
on fb for the first time today      and it's almost time to go home      i love being busy at work!!!!   smile 
zzzzzzzz   
<----- has spent more than half of my day at work going over <propfirst>   lots and lots of <propfirst>   now i remember why i hated math class in school!!!   annoyed 
"family and friends are precious so make sure you let them know how much you care and how much they mean to you each and every day   \*for today is already here   but tomorrow is never guaranteed*"
"hmmm     me + no child + empty house = cleaning (with no interuptions)\oh what fun, what fun!!!   smile "
im really hoping today goes by fast    cuz ive got an appt with my massage therapist after work  then were goin out for dinner & drinks!! thats right    be jealous  ha ha
"massage was wonderful, dinner was great, drinks were strong   now time for bed! zzzzzzz"
looks like another busy day       three    two    one   and here i go!!!!   smile 
woohoo     oh yeah!!!   laugh 
sometimes being lazy is so much fun!!   smile 
it was <propfemale> when i left my house in rancho this morning      so what the hell happened to riverside??  it's all foggy and gloomy    sad 
"if just hearing your name makes my blood pressure rise and my blood boil      yeah, i really hate you!!!    annoyed "
so sick of this stupid crap    grrrrr   annoyed 
done with this crap   for now at least   
*   today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday   *
"working the ozzfest concert on saturday   yeah, that will be a long freakin day! no rest for the weary!!   smile "
so apparently im not really supposed to do my job   seems i somehow get in trouble when i do that  maybe im just supposed to pretend or something   hmmm
      sigh      
*strength is trusting in yourself & and knowing that in the end you won't be disappointed*
*sometimes it's better when things aren't perfect    at least then you know that it's real*
"hurried to get to the doctors office on time   just to sit and wait, and wait, and wait      annoyed "
*warning: my brain to mouth filter has malfunctioned    so i'm going to tell you exactly what i'm thinking*
my son is so freakin cute and he just cracks me up    i love just watching him sometimes!  love 
"<propmale> started 3rd grade at his new school today      holy crap, my son is already in 3rd grade!!!  i remember his first day of pre-school like it was yesterday   he's growing up so fast!"
"i go to the lab this morning to finish my blood work and she takes 8 viles of blood    really?  she really needed 8 viles!!!  the whole time i'm thinking to myself \hey i'm anemic and i need to keep as much blood as possible so if you could not take all of it that would be awesome!!!\"""""
*so the police decided to send me a photo of my car speeding    so i thought i would be nice and sent them a picture of my check*
ahhhhh   i love waking up knowing that i have absolutely nothing to do!!!!
   it's going to be a loooooong week   
"great     just perfect     the one week out of the entire year that i'm extra swamped at work, and i feel a head cold coming on   oh yeah    this is going to be fun!!!   annoyed "
wow     i may actually be able to get some of my own work done today    i've only been trying since monday!!!!  tgif
"grrrr, i hate feeling like this     and it's not even worth getting upset over!!!  i over analize the stupidest shit sometimes       annoyed "
i love not having to go to work    but still getting paid!!!!  sooooo nice!!!!  laugh 
"well this sucks   im really tired & need to get some sleep, but i cant  i find that watching my son sleep next to me is very soothing and peaceful though      love "
"in the 8 years i've worked here, i have never been this busy!!!   omg!!!!!!!!!!"
"grandpa,\   lay your head to rest in god's hands, for your time has come to leave this world    and rest in peace knowing that you are loved, you will be missed and memories of you will be cherished "
"r i p  grandpa      tonight at 8:21 pm you left this world to be with god   and although i am sad and my heart is hurting, i find some comfort in knowing your in a better place now   i love you and will miss you  you will forever live on in my heart "
so much going on with my family right now   at least we`ll all be together soon  love 
so much going on right now      trying to focus on one thing at a time and stay positive    we'll see how that goes!
<----- is learning how to deal with life one day at a time   
<----- is feeling somewhere between extremely happy and verysad today   happy because both my sisters fly home today   but sad because they are flying home for grandpas funeral  its strange how you can feel 2 opposite emotions at once   smile    sad 
   is going to be the strong woman she knows she can be and make it through this difficult day   
to those of you that came to m
to those of you that attended my grandfathers funeral service yesterday   thank you so much for all your love and support during this difficult time  my family and i would not have been able to get through this without all of you   
"heading to vegas for my sisters wedding this weekend     and i haven't packed a thing yet!! yeah, i like to stress myself out sometimes    smile "
were on our way to vegas   finally!!
omg    it's never taken me this long to recover from vegas    i'm still lagging today!!!!
"<----- loves the fact that i have stability in my life    cuz i'd be one pretty f'd up person if i didn't (well, i'd be even more f'd up than i already am)   \thank you   you know who you are    smile "
at demolition derby at the fair   pretty entertaining!! ethans lovin it   smile 
lets go sc   lets go!! fight on!!
<----- lives for lazy day like these   
note to self   trying to cough up everything and get it out does not help migranes get better!!
note to self: do not try to vaccum while you have a migrane   it just makes it worse
really wants to crank the heater & snuggle up on the couch with a hot cup of coffee today   but im feeling better & have to go to work (and i didnt turn on the heater either)  lol
cold rainy days = me + <propmale> + hot chocolate + cozy blanket + watching movie
"congratulations to my baby sister   today she officially became mrs  holman! \wishing the happy couple many years of joy and happiness   smile "
some people just need to keep their f'in mouth shut   they would really be doing themselves a favor in doing so!!!
ouch!!  so sorry bama   lets go usc!!   smile 
"it's monday, ugh    \i know some of you have been waiting for that for a while now so i thought i'd do you the pleasure "
i'm making a few changes in my life    so if you haven't heard yet it's probably because you are one of them 
so done with this long day   time for some sleep! nitee nite
"woohoo    feelin productive and liking it!!!!  watch out world, <propfemale>'s coming thru  smile "
hells yeah   beat cal`s ass   go sc!!!
"great day for college football yesterday   usc & bama win   ohio state loses!  (sorry <propfemale>, had to get you back)  lol"
"it's mommy week   post this as your status if your a mommy with the date you \first became a mom  \<propmale> <propfirst> melnikoff - 3 29 2002 at 4:13 pm"
"today is the kinda day when you just want to stay home, curl up with a cozy blanket and your loved one & take a nice long nap   so   where am i?  yeah, i'm at work!    annoyed "
<----- thinks you look like i need another drink      
"damn   it really sucks when you realize that you`ve been most of  the  problem all along   havent felt this shitty in a while  time to accept it, step up & face it & do somethin about it!"
"   so it's lookin like it's going to be a cold, rainy, gloomy weekend   and i won't have my boy to snuggle up with either       sad "
   your language is offensive   
"got my portable heater keeping my feet warm    cup of coffee with hot chocolate at my desk   and my favorite song playing on my radio right behind me   yeah, work is a nice place to be today        smile "
     i dont' remember ever being this excited for halloween to come when i was a kid        smile 
<------ wonders if you've ever looked at your ex and thought   wtf was i thinking!
"finally!! got my replacement phone today so now i can get caught up on fb   so, whats been going on my friends?"
"so, <propmale> has a slight upper respritory infection & mild ear infection   poor kid!"
goin to the usc game with my dad today   super excited!!
"get it together usc    pick it up, lets go!!!"
woot woot   thats a win for sc (even if it was only by 1 point)!!!
oh sunday   why must you leave me so soon??   sad 
here we go     again!
if you can't please 'em just piss 'em off    it makes them leave faster!!
"why am i watching hellcats?? its the first time ive ever watched this show & its soooo stupid but i cant turn it off & go to bed!!  yeah, im lame   "
"i usually dont mind the wind   but when it makes me feel like im in the tornado scene from the wizard of oz, thats a different story!! kept me up all night long    annoyed "
"to all the military vetrans who have served our country and sacrificed their lives, family and friends for <propfemale>'s freedom     this day if for you!!!!\*i am a proud army sister    love you <propfemale>*"
will be vegas bound in less than 8 hours   woohoo!!! gonna have some fun   smile 
"came in at 3 this mornin   already up, ate breakfast lunch and were off to start day 2!! looking forward to going out clubbing tonight!!"
glad to be home! now just laying on the couch watching football   nice quiet evening    smile 
lovin today    so beautiful outside!!!    smile 
<-------- loves peaceful days       smile 
"its sad when you get the house to yourself and do absolutely nothin!! yup, thats me   totally lame    smile "
<----- is excited   because tomorrow i will finally have matching bedroom furniture  a complete matching set!!   smile 
missing my boy more than usual this weekend   cant wait to see his baby blue eyes and adorable smile again!   smile 
laying on the  couch with my boy watching monsters inc      and got a fire going in the fireplace too!  love it   smile 
omg     this is so ridiculus 
so want to be at home right now     
"so i get 1 station on the radio at my desk in the new office     and the 1 station i get is now playing nothing but christmas music    really!!!  can't you wait until after thanksgiving, please?????   annoyed "
happy thanksgiving! make sure to take some time and think about all the things your thankful for this year and let your lovwed ones know how much you care!
"go bama!! now dont misunderstand my post   i will always be a die hard usc fan   its in my blood  i`d just rather see bama win then auburn, thats all    smile "
<-----  hasnt <propfemale>n started christmas shopping yet  it might be a christmas <propfemale> hustle this year!  lol
"says: her mind is in the gutter this week, all comments will be received that way as well! please use caution and thanks for you cooperation!"
mmmmmmmmmm   
hmmmmmmmmm   
"*i'm not perfect, i do make mistakes and i hurt the ones i love now and then   but when i say i'm sorry, i mean it with all my heart*"
*    it's beginning to look a lot like christmas    *
"just used the martini cocktail set i got for my birthday    and made an awesome martini!! oh yeah, im gonna be using this quite a bit   smile "
 love   you are my eye <propfemale>     and i love <propfemale>   love 
finally got some christmas shopping done yesterday   prices of toys are freakin ri-donk-u-lus!!!!
"so what if i wear jeans and t-shirts all the time   i wear what i'm comfortable in   doesn't make me \like a man\"""""
*i may not have the perfect life    but i'm perfectly happy with the one i've got!*
"rain, rain, rain    so much rain"
"   and the rain just keeps on coming, and coming, and coming   "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!
<propfemale> christmas to all    and to all a good night!
"<----- had a very <propfemale> christmas this year  i am truly blessed to have such a wonderful son, loving family & awesome friends in my life!"
<------ doesnt want to turn another year older 
"why does every kid toy come with 50 removable <propfemale> ass parts that get lost as soon as you get them out of the little plastic bag that has been twist tied, taped and glued to the box??  oh yes, i remember now   its to annoy the hell out of the parent attempting to get it open while their kid gets more impatient     lol"
"when it hurts to look back, and you're afraid to look ahead, just look beside you    your true friends will be right there   smile "
thank you all for my birthday wishes    i love you all!!!
 love   i feel the need to thank everyone again for all the wonderful birthday wishes    i've been overwhelmed with love today!!!   love 
had a wonderful dinner at carino`s with my little man & parents to end my awesome birthday   thanks again to all those that showed me love today  you made this birthday a very special one for me!! night night all   zzzzzz
"work like you dont need the money,\love like you've never been hurt before,\dance like no one is watching,\sing like no one is listening,\live like there is no tomorrow   "
"gift cards from christmas   check\movie tickets   check\spending the day hangin with my little man   priceless!!   love "
<---- is at milestone with <propmale> & <propfirst>  getting ready to leave   fun day!
"?? a son holds your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  its son's week    if you have a son who makes your life worth living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy and paste this to your status ??"
"dear head cold, \i dont love you   honestly, i dont even like you  so please go away & leave me alone  theres someone out there that will appreciate you for who you are but that person just isnt me! thanks   smile "
"is going to be productive, understanding, and nice to everyone today \what    stop laughing! i'm serious!  smile "
"i ran for 20 minutes this morning!!  hey its a start, dont judge   smile "
is at the speed zone waiting to get on the go carts   the line is at least a half hour long!
it's tuesday    ugh! (thanks just for you <propfirst> and nate)   smile 
knows the best thing in life is family and friends   love 
"<~~~~~~ is looking forward to spending the day hanging at my parents house with <propmale> tomorrow   it's nice to go \home\"" every once in a while   smile """
<---- just ran for 25 minutes straight   and didnt get blown away by the <propfirst> force winds either!! double yay for me   smile 
"day #2 of running was sucessful then had a salad, sliced peaches & an orange for dinner  yeah, i think i can do this   no wait, i know i can do this!!!"
"it has been confirmed   my baby sister is having a boy, yeah!!!  that will make 3 grandsons for our parents   smile   \(sorry mom   no grandaughter this time)"
*the easiest way not to get hurt is not to care   but that is also the hardest thing to do*
<propmale> is turning 9 in march & he wants to have a big party (dirt bike theme) but i dont have a lot of money to spend this year   any suggestions??
done with this     ive had enough! your time is up!!
cleaning the house today   i usually like to clean but i havent cleaned the house in so long that im really dreading it!  hoping to have it all done by 1 pm     ready     set      go!!   smile 
house is clean!!  took way longer than e playful ected but at least its done  shouldnt hear any compliants this time!  lol
"my poor lil guy isnt feelin to good today   he`s got a 102 fever, headache and cough    sad "
"<~~~~ hates being sick   especially when i'm also taking care of a sick kid, not fun!   annoyed "
finds it funny how people don't want their emotions played with but they are happy to play with others   
"happiness is knowing that no matter how bad my day has been or how bad life seems, all i have to do is see my son's smile and know that i am truly blessed  love "
"   think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course "
"awwww   finally getting into bed  been at urgent care since 530! <propmale> has a severe chest infection & had to have a breathing treatment there   then we had to go get his antibiotic & inhaler rx  long night, but glad that my lil mans gonna get better!   love "
feels like i'm losing my best friend and i don't like it one bit      sad 
<------  is moving on    i'm ready to be loved the way i deserve to be 
"i have the biggest crush on <propfirst> warburton - <propmale> from the show rules of engagement (also in the new m&m pretzel commercial)   his voice is deep and super sexy    i just want to jump him       bow chicka wow wow    smile \who's with me girls??"
"happy valentines day to those that have a <propfirst>     and happy single's awareness day (sad) to those that dont!!  yes, i am one of the sad group but that's ok cuz i get my little <propfirst> after school today!   love "
chillin on the couch with my lil munchkin enjoying our time together   wont see him again til next tueday! never been away from him that long before    sad 
<----- is one happy camper!!!  loving every minute of the day   smile 
so my sister was completely surprised to see us at her house with tons of baby shower presents!!! it was awesome   mission accomplished   smile 
awwww   dancing the night away! this is exactly what i needed  cant wait ti see my baby boy on monday  i miss my lil man more than anything right now    love 
"<propfirst> made steak, potatos & fresh steemed veggies for dinner    yummy!!! such a good bro-in-law   smile "
had a wonderful time visiting my sisters in texas and oaklahoma   it's not often we get to see eachother anymore so it makes the times we are together that much more special!!
really missing my lil man today      can't wait to see him tomorrow!!!   love 
thinks life is all about making decisions  sometimes the hardest ones are the right ones and the wrong ones are the easy way out!
"surgery went well yesterday     but now it's hurting, ouch!!   sad "
"   sitting at the dr`s office, again! ive never been to the dr my entire life as often as i have been these past 3 months!   annoyed "
yeah   its pretty sad when the most of the lab techs in my medical bldg know me on a first name basis!! geez   
      interesting weekend to say the least!!
"love, joy, pain, sorrow, stressed, overwhelmed, satisfied, angry, happy      all these emotions have been brought to you by the makers of life! but wait, theres more   call now & you will receive the lonely & surprised emotions absolutely free!! so hurry & pick up the phone now to get yourself some life!!!"
    and they say women are the confusing and complicated ones     ha!!
cant believe my baby boy is going to be 9 in a couple weeks     hes growing up way to fast!   sad 
    got into a car accident yesterday morning on my way to work and now my car is totaled   i only had that car for like 4 months!!!  seems like anything bad that happens always happens to me        sad 
was up way to early this morning    but at least i have an awesome friend willing to take me to and from work until i figure out my car situation    can't complain about that!!  thank you   smile 
    is it friday yet        annoyed 
"tgif!!!!! i thought this day would never come  annoyed   \going to go see the nuclear cowboyz tonight     should be fun!!   smile "
cant believe my baby boy is turning 9 tomorrow     he is the light of my life!!!   love 
happy birthday to my baby boy!!!!!!!!  9 years ago you came into this world and completly turned my life around   you are my angel and the best thing that's ever happened to me!!  i love you lil bubble butt   love 
"      yeah, it's gonna be a long day    "
"went to the old spaghetti factory for <propmale>'s birthday dinner last night    yummy!!!\hope everyone has a great friday  smile "
