2f39fc19e9b0e7fbebec1cb300b94597
first day of classes has come and gone  now it's on to the homework 
"this could be fun     if you read this (even if we don't speak often) post a comment with a memory of you and i  it can be anything you want, either good or bad   wink when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at wha"
yet another sunday 
ya no hay suenos de verdad si no se tiene <propfemale> 
oh yeah! i have the highest scores in the class for two classes that i have!!
ya no hay suenos de verdad si no se tiene <propfemale> 
doing my d&c homework due tomorrow 
okay so it's late and i'm bored so i am doing some quizzes   oh well 
"yeah it's friday, and i am done with homework for the day! anyone want to do something? let me know if you do "
"watching burn notice  really good show i recommend it to all of you  it's got action, drama, and comedy  what beats that?"
it's a saturday   a day for fun and studying  mer 
yet another manic monday  so much to do 
yeah! i received an a on my midterm! si! saque <propfemale> 10 en mi examen!
"nothing like two hours of basketball, followed by some cold water and a nice relaxing shower  now time for burn notice and then bed "
cleaning and laundry day  porque  debemos limpiar y tener mas <propmale> espiritu aqui en casa 
is finishing a paper for history 201  one more <propfemale> to go 
sweet bliss of being done with homework  and tomorrow i have none!!!!!
glad i'm done with most things for the week  it's a really good day!
done with homework for the weekend   smile 
"good quote i just heard today, goes like this \the fish is the last one to find out about water \"" bro  dyer  good quote  ponder on it for a while  in short it has been a really good evening """
yet another saturday  what to do   ?
"talking with friends online in two different countries and languages, is hard to do but fun "
"still feeling a little sick, but getting better  hope i don't get worse "
"okay pretty sick, and mad that mexico beat the usa in soccer   mer ya me duele la cabeza por cuasa de esa perdida "
been a long day of tests and little sleep  now i can rest 
"classes 4 hours, homework 1-2 hours, then a nice long nap "
yeah for the weekend  i have a lot of reading to do now  bring on the books 
"sabado bendito, que bueno  pobrecito soy porque tengo que hacer mi tarea "
that was a good <propmale> activity  dunk tanks are fun!
just got home from church and i am starving!!!! tengo muchisimo hambre!!
reading up on genghis khan  quite an interesting historical character 
escuchando a  los himnos en espanol 
"enjoyed hiking the y, and now onto reading more about the mongols "
only a couple more days of classes  crazy!
finally its friday  bring on the weekend!
it's a friday night  which dvd should we watch now 
"feeling tired, and a bit sore, but over all feeling good "
"another good sunday, come and gone "
last day of classes  bring on the studying and eventual finals 
studying for finals 
still studying  nothing like trying to remember and cram a whole semester worth of knowledge into your brain 
"2 exams down, one more to go  oh yeah "
done with finals!!!!!! now on to packing and cleaning 
"just finished taken, and now were are watching the first teenage mutant ninja turtles  nothing like movie night "
cleaning the apt 
done cleaning and packing  finally 
back at home   smile 
"reading <propfemale> eyre  told you i would, and you know who you are "
nice night of swimming and fun  let the games continue 
oh yeah! go byu!!!!
i love waking up to snow on the mountain tops  now if only it would arrive on the valley floor sometime soon 
being sick is no fun  i have three midterms this week and a paper due  i can't be sick right now  good thing i already took work off and that the worst should be over 
woke up feeling amazing today  thank goodness for medicine and blessings 
off to take my math midterm  wish me luck  hopefully i don't fail 
"i did decent on my test, now all i have is some homework and then work  the night is still young for me "
can anyone else believe that morning comes so quickly? at least it's going to be a good day 
"one midterm down, only one more to go for today  three more hours to study for it  who knew ballet could be so complicated to remember? this is what i get for never being a huge fan of the dancing arts  freaking humanities "
"okay so out of my two midterms i had today i scored a b in history 202, and an a- in humanities  now it's time for a nap before heading to work at 9 smile 0pm  good evening all and sweet dreams "
"okay, so you know that you slept well when you go to bed early on friday night and you wake up at 7 smile 0 am on saturday morning with out an alarm  guess i could always read or something "
"okay, so what's the best present for a monday morning? waking up to find emails that say class in canceled in your inbox from your teachers  just simply awesome "
reviewing for a math midterm  no fun 
"spent two days studying my brains out and stressing over my math midterm, and i actually pulled a b+  now on to that 16 credit spanish exam i have tomorrow "
"long day, but a great night "
"4 hours, two classes, one quiz, and one spanish midterm to go till i can fully enjoy the weekend  bring it on "
"everything done for the week, now bring on the friday  anyone want to come over and start the weekend?"
52-0  go byu!!! i can't wait for the utah game!
"you know how there's an easy button in those staples commercials, i want one of those for school "
"history 202 quiz tomorrow = more reading to do  but i like reading, so that's okay "
most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted 
yet another day of school  bring it on 
"loves the beautiful fall weather, leaves everywhere, crisp but not cold, but since this isn't back east and fall doesn't stick around, can it just snow already!"
trying to get my winter 2010 schedule to work is so aggravating!!!!
"what a picturesque morning! the mountains covered in freshly fallen snow, the bright sunshine hitting the peaks as they escape the tops of the cloud bank     just beautiful "
finally some valley snow! i love it!
off to take my hum 101 test  here we go again 
a b on my midterm not bad  now onto more homework  triste espanol  como quiero a no hacerla 
one of the coolest things in the category of astronomy happened tonight and i missed it because i was working  that sucks!!!
one of the coolest things in the category of astronomy happened tonight and i missed it because i was working  that sucks!!! i would have loved to have seen that bolid meteor!
three hours and my friday starts  is it bad that i never wake up wanting to go to school anymore? why can't it just be fun? maybe i should just stick to studying history 
"okay thanksgiving break has started and i earned a b+ on my 16 credit spanish test  so far, it's been a good day "
"a good day indeed  byu wins over utah, in a hard fought game(on both sides), decorated the house,inside and out for christmas, and currently working on making the apt a little more christmasy   feliz navidad a todos  ya no me importa si sea temprano "
off to take my humanities test  wish me luck 
it's only 9am and already there's good news for the day  my spanish 321 test has been moved to thursday friday  now i know that today is going to be a good day! smile 
"oh snow why do you tempt me so  first i can play in you due to it being a sunday, and then you go and melt on me  nooo!"
how about them jazz!!! take that san <propfirst>!
nothing like pulling an all nighter to make sure you're ready for a spanish 321 final and a math 110 final  is it bad that i can do this with no real problem at all? shouldn't i be tired and wanting sleep right now?
"one more all nighter and then six hours of finals and i am done  history 202 won't be bad, but i am really not looking forward to my math 110 final  why do they require us to remember a bunch of math we will never use again  i'm even a physics <propmale> and i will never use half of this stuff  can't wait till it's all over "
"overrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally, finals are done with  now time to just relax and enjoy the christmas season "
"some warm homemade bread and beef stew, a bowl win for byu over a pac 10 team, and freshly fallen snow with it still snowing, what can be better than this?"
"there is nothing like walking up to a snow storm, and freshly fallen snow! sorry all you snow haters   smile "
"currently in <propfemale>, utah  i must say it's a nice quaint little town  i love being able to see the stars!"
utah history tour done  will post all the photos tomorrow  good night for now world 
"snow!!! nothing like sleding in the snow especially when it is perfect for speed, making bumps, and having snow ball fights!"
i wish we were getting all the snow the dc area is  over 2 ft!!
off to the <propfirst> <propfemale> with family 
"is really sick of school, and am hating that i have to spend a second entire day studying for my history midterms "
history midterms here i come  i have never been more freaked out by tests as i am right now 
alright byu!! finally we advance out of the first round! thank you <propfemale> for delaying dance class long enough that we could finish watching the game 
should be an exciting morning  trig followed by the university forum given by former astronaut <propfirst> lovell  now if only the afternoon could be as good 
just a couple more weeks of school left  i can make it right?
so it's turning into one crazy night at work  dumb welders filled the wsc with smoke smell then they set off the sprinklers in the bookstore basement  now it's a rush to save as much merchendice and suck up as much water as possible  one interesting night
finally got all the water sucked up did as much as we could  it will still take awhile until everything is cleaned up though  apparently the welders set off a fire in a circuit that then caught some stuff in the bookstore basement  storage on fire  then it took forever to find the right mane in order to shut the sprinklers off  we are so going to be here late 
"one more final and i am free for the summer  come on spanish, don't fail me now "
spring summer have officially started  bring on the fun!
off to work 
"okay so another interesting night at work  just after 3 am we get a call from dispatch asking us to help clean up a flood coming from one of the engineering e playful eriment labs on the fourth floor of the <propfirst> building  we only clean up the flood on the fourth floor  apparently the waters entered the other floor as well, at least to second floor! never a boring night working late night at the wilk "
it's snowing! are you kidding me?!
"pero, a fin de cuentas,¿quién puede decir lo que es mejor? no te reprimas por nadie y, cuando la <propfemale> llame a tu puerta, aprovecha la ocasión y sé feliz\  haruki murakami"""
"should've gone to bed hours ago, but was reading <propmale> potter, then saw that the season premiers of burn notice and <propmale> pains were on hulu  oh well   smile "
i hate it when i fall asleep reading and wake up 8 hours later  grrrr
"really should stop reading and eating and just go to bed, but i can't stop now, it's just getting to the good part!(the book not the food  haha)"
well the mexico-south africa game resulted in a tie  come on mexico! what happened? this definitively proves that it is going to be on interesting world cup  can't wait for usa -england tomorrow!
"\the power of space is to raise our aspirations to those things that are possible if we will commit \"" <propfirst> krantz"""
go switzerland! way to show those gallegos that they don't own the world cup!
is happy his best friend is back to stay 
"so this is an idea i'm stealing from a friend of mine: like my status and i will tell you one thing i like about you, a first impression, and something special about you  enjoy "
i went flying down a zipline off a 35ft tower into a pond tonight! sweet! i honestly didn't think i would do it   smile 
i keep feeling like i am forgetting something but i don't know what it is   sad 
"muchas veces cuando nuestro plan para nuestras vidas nos falla, esto ocurre para que lleguemos a la mejor  senda appropiada que dios ve y sabe que es para nosotros  aveces no me gusta esto, pero me da la fortaleza y habilidad a continuir y superar lo que viene "
the <propmale> fhe at walsburg was way fun! it was awesome meeting all the new people in the <propmale>  thanks again brother dunn! now it's off to work 
sent only $169 54 on books for school today   smile  now if only i knew how much my history books are going to be 
ready for a good sunday afternoon  nothing like an attack of nerves before you sing in church to make you appreciate the afternoon before work!
back to the old routine and grindstone  first day of classes has come again!
so sick of the calculus homework i've been doing for the last three hours!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
come on pitt! beat the utes!!!
"for my lack of sleep i paid the vending machine more than a dollar in coke, and village inn $11 95 for 3 4 of the <propfemale> pecan pie i ate  at least i already had the pie "
nothing like having a great friday night to get your weekend started right!
let's go cougars!!!! let's go cougars!!!!!
"nothing like an exciting saturday night at home, with byu and real salt lake wins on the side!"
not a bad night at work after all  bring on the sun 
"one midterm down, one more tomorrow  it's a spanish one, but why do i feel like i would rather take another calculus test than the midterm for span 345?"
stupid webwork  at least with course compass it told me were i was wrong  i think i'm done with calculus for the day  three hours with the same result  no more 
"dear upstairs neighbors, \just becuase people in your apt can't hear your crazy loud alarm coming from your room  at 8am doesn't mean those of us right below can't  don't make me come up there and shove it down your skinny throat \sincerely,\your late night working neighbor "
sleep where <propmale> thou 
heading out to the real vs fc <propfirst> game  should be a lot of fun  let's go real!!!!
"nothing like spending your friday in the campus library studying for a spanish civ midterm  at least it'll be over in a couple hours, then i can enjoy the weekend   smile "
"nothing like spending the wee morning hours walking home from work in the snow and then registering for classes  15hrs next semester, for now anyway  three spanish classes and two history  fun fun fun  at least i got the really good professors  lol"
"i'm not a huge fan of baseball, but congrats giants on winning the world series  now at least i can return to my normal fall programming on fox, with all new episodes, which in truth is what most people wanted in this country   smile "
"\with such dashingness comes great responsibility\""- <propfemale> little"""
off to ship his text books off to amazon com as they pay more than the ripped off prices the byu bookstore tries to make you swallow 
"to my spanish 345 teacher,\when i earn a b+ in your class and get a 100% on your final, i would like to have that b+  no some stupid curve ruled b-  thanks  "
"if any of you ever hear that the book fighting for american manhood by hoganson is good, don't believe it  it's only good as a catalyst for naps, and as a door stop  i could fall asleep right now if i didn't have to go to work  lol"
up early doing homework in the library  atypical? not really  <propfemale> little has made me a better student   smile 
"life, is an enigma  a perplexing series of events and memories that in the end is indeed all worth it  just why does it always seem that when you have something figured out and plans made that it just doesn't want to be easy? that or midterms just have me a little stressed and scared right now "
"two midterms done, check  history paper finally done, check  federal tax return received, check  tgif, oh yeah  one more class and i can officially enjoy my weekend "
oh monday monday    
oh easy button where <propmale> thou? lol  smile  staples lies!!!
"spanish phonetics sucks  yet another mid term, yet more things that just refuse to stay in my head "
"phonetics test wasn't too bad  one midterm down, just one more midterm and a book review for history and then it'll be the weekend   smile "
one midterm and four classes away from a three day weekend  hopefully the midterm isn't too bad  right now i am not liking spanish linguistics 
love you and miss granddaddy   love 
it's friday!!! oh yeah!  though it will definitely seem that march madness will not be conducive to my weekend 
go butler!!! way to show pitt! now if only <propfemale> could've held in longer against sdsu  and go cougars go!!!!
"2 finals down, one with a really greatly written essay if i say so myself  2 more to go "
"very grateful right now for skype, and the love of a wonderful woman   smile "
"wow, if canadians can elect a majority government anyone can  nice job canada nice job   smile  let this be a lesson to all, don't tick off your constituents "
"i'm giving up on pro anything  no one i seem to cheer for ever wins  haha  sorry capitals, but you've dashed my hockey dreams for the last time "
