b1002474406baa763550a27e1884be33
had a great time with <propfemale> and <propfirst> last night! now to work on more pics lol     
thinks it feels like sunday
going to the lake! thanks goodness for a vacation!
back from the lake and had so much to catch up on! gotta go work at chs this weekend though  
wants to go back to the lake!
thinks 1 yr  twins are hard to photograph and especially when they do a cake smash  i know we got some good ones though!  smile 
trying to get some work done today because i will have my little <propfemale> tomorrow!
got a prego lady coming this afternoon for her last set of maternity photos but first i am going uptown   smile  have a good day everyone!
has had 3 cake smashes in the past week! i have 2 appointments today and lots to work on  busy busy busy! thank goodness  have a good day everyone!
we played monopoly until 2am and still wasnt finished! we gave up! have a good day everyone!
putting in a order and then im gonna see my little <propfemale> today!
going to the lake today for <propfemale>'s b-day party and tonight big brother comes on!
working on several different shoots  
need to get somemore work done  big brother comes on tonight! also i cant wait to see the new <propmale> potter movie  have a good day everyone!  smile 
ok i might be a blog stalker because i follow 27 blogs lol   ok now i'm oing to start editing some shoots     smile 
just got done with a great newborn session!
"going fishing this afternoon with daniel,mark, and shell!"
charleston wedding today   very excited because its a photographers dream wedding!
is ready for the beach!
going out   will add more pics in the <propfemale> moments album when i get back!  smile 
is beach bound today!
playing catch up after being out of town for 2 and 1 2 weeks
time for more work  i iwll be posting 2 sessions in a little while so stay tuned! excited about <propfemale> and kennly's playdate this afternoon!
cake smash at 3pm today! very excited!
has a newborn session today!
just got done with a great session! little girls are always too cute!
has a appointment at 6pm   then big brother tonight!
just got done with another great session  oh and i got some angel wings in today! now i have got to go uptown and just by the hospital  have a good day everyone!
i have got to get some work done now!
doing some work and then heading to the lake this afternoon!
gone to the lake!
is so glad to be home!
watching the young and the restless and eating some lunch!
getting some breakfast
"about to leave to go work at chs, then going out to eat with <propfirst> and <propfirst>, and then the football game   smile "
is ready for a website makeover
thinks that its so funny how many different color icing rings i have clean from around the tub after all these cake smashes! lol!
goodnight all   i will be posting a cute session tomorrow so stay tuned!
going to go cook some lunch!
i just bought some new seamless backdrop paper! very excited!
little kennly came and did a photo sessio and wore my elephant halloween costume! cant wait to post them!
is not very motivated today   
making <propfemale> moments photography a facebook <propfemale>  smile 
everyone! <propfemale> moments photography now has a fanpage! become a fan!  smile 
just saw a clip on tv when <propfirst> swayze was behind demi moore when she throwing <propmale> on the potters wheel in ghost  all i can say is ummmmm haha  smile 
working at chs all weekend  
beach pictures today! very excited!
my cats are running around like wild people because of this cool weather lol!
going to go fix me some food and then going to go get my hair did!
its great to be back in sc!
thanks to everyone!
lots to do today but i'm ready!
shoot at 8 smile 0 this morning  kind of chilly outside  smile 
appointment in a few minutes and then taking <propfemale> to the fair tonight!
appointment at 9am and then uptown with moma!
has had a very busy day  i worked on 3 sessions and then painted the my studio room 
is about to get ready to go uptown and then coming back to put a second coat of paint in the studio room  also true blood and twilight fans dont miss the scream awards that come on tonight at 10pm on spike!
just got done with the finishing touches on painting the studio room and now im going to go outside and rake! lol
"is a christian and proud to say it ! let's see how many people on facebook aren't afraid to show their love for god  repost this as your status   the catch is, each time you see this on someones status say a quick prayer for the person who posted it !!! god bless !!!!"
very tired after a long day
taking <propfemale> to the fall festival at peace tonight!
going trick -or- treating with lalya tonight!
happy halloween everyone!
little eston is coming at 11am to do a newborn session and then off to hobby lobby to finish shopping for the christmas look for the studio  have a good day everyone!
gong uptown for a bit   smile 
chicken and dumplings for supper and then working on more proofs!
goodnight all    
breakfeast and then working on more proofs  have a good day everyone!  smile 
working at chs today!
lots more work to do but i think i need to go to bed!
did lots of christmas shopping today!
going to fix me some breakfast and then working on more proofs!
needs to get motivated   
has a great time at the southern christmas show in <propfemale>!
wants to go see new <propfemale> tonight!
very excited b c i am going to go see new <propfemale> tonight!!!  smile 
<propfirst> and i had a great date last night   ruby tuesday's and the we saw new <propfemale>!! it was great! cant wait to see it again with <propfemale> next week  smile   off to chs  then a shoot at 4 smile 0pm and off to <propmale>'s!
"i am very thankful for everything in my life! 5 wonderul years of marriage, a great family, good business, great clients and their wonderul kids! oh and i am very thankful for skin softening software haha  surprise )    happy turkey day everyone!"
shopping was insane this morning but <propfemale> much fun! we got everythign we went for and more lol  smile 
putting the tree up today! now i need to get some work done lol!
calling it a night!
working at chs all day today!
goodnight all!
another day at chs and then a appt  at 4pm if its not too cold lol and putting up some christmas lights tonight hopefully!
is married to her best friend and love of her life for 5 years today! i love you <propfirst>!!!!  kiss )
is done christmas shopping but havent wrapped a thing lol!
is attempting to wrap presents lol   
is delivering more pics today and hopefully going to <propfirst> and shell's tonight!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
happy new year peeps!  smile  
"off to go to hobby lobby, office depot, mcleod to see my papa, and then going to take pics of cayden   have a good day everyone"
going to go read alittle and then going to bed  goodnight everyone!!
loves fedex overnight shipping   
"if you are a wife, that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you, then repost this   my husband is a wonderful man and my best friend!!!"
heading to chs to work!
i love my mom!? for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate  so make sure you appreciate them while you still have them   once they are gone it's too late!
"what's on your mind?welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste"
"if you have a sister who is your best friend, has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin, copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without sisters!42 seconds ago · comment ·likeunlike"
"if you are a woman with a wonderful man that works hard and loves you, then repost this    because great men are few and far between and by the grace of god i have one ?"
working on some proofs and then i dunno what else lol   have a great day everyone!  smile 
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st"
"what's on your mind?if you are or were proud of your daddy for all the things he has helped you with, taught you how to do, was there whenever you needed him to talk to and is a blessing to you each and everyday   copy this to your status "
really needs to make up her mind on what she wants to do for the photography show downtown  think <propfemale>!
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
new email address: carolinamoments@yahoo com   send me a email so i can add you as a contact 
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
of course it would be my weekend to work with all this ice lol   daniel is going to drive me b c tonight looks like it will be real icy when i get off 
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
"look back and thank god  look forward and trust god  look around and serve god  look within and find god! god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors no man can close  if you need god to open some doors for you    repost and if you don't need god to open some doors for you, just delete this "
is working on designing some stuff today   come on <propfemale> be creative!
"copy this into your status and see how people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkitive, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss u, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled,11=random, 12= hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love u, 21=gorgeouse, 22=the best4"
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
going to bed b c i am <propfemale> tired!
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today!"
glad to be home but loved the e playful erience of going to the ppsc convention! now back to work     smile 
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th & 21st   make your appointment today b c they are filling up fast!"
thinks the canon 7d camera needs to be mine lol   gone to eating lunch!
cake smash  1st birthday shoot this morning and snow this afternoon   this day can't get any better!
this mornings cake smash  1st birthday went great and i got lots of super cute shots! now what to do with the rest of my day?
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th  & 21st   make your appointment today!"
its snowing!!!!
is going to work today in all this but at least my hubby can drive me!  smile 
happy valentines day <propfirst>! i love you more than anything in this world! we have been together for 10 years (married for 5 of those) and i have enjoyed every <propfemale>  of it  we have always been best friends as well as boyfriend  girlfriend and husband wife and i think that makes a difference  can't wait to spend many more with you babe  kiss )   
working on some proofs         have a good day everyone!
"please pray for my papa, hes in the er again!"
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th      & 21st   make your appointment today! 1 more morning appointment  and then all mornings are filled up!"
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th      & 21st   make your appointment today! one morning appointment  left!"
"just ate lunch, now i'm about to wash the dogs and then working on proofs the rest of the afternoon!"
"cutest kids contest! march 6th & 7th, 20th      & 21st   make your appointment today! 1 more morning appointment  and then all mornings are filled up!"
"is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest kids contest and see!  march 6th & 7th, 20th       & 21st   make your appointment today!"
working at chs today and then very excited about a birdal shoot this afternoon!!!
gone to chs to work and then to robbies birthday party!
"is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest  kids contest and see! march 6th & 7th, 20th       & 21st   make  your appointment today!"
working on more proofs  can't wait for the  cutest kids contest this weekend!!! still taking appointments!
working on more proofs  can't wait for the  cutest kids contest this weekend!!! still taking appointments!
seniors graduating this year or in 2011 call me  about senior pictures!!! the first senior that gets in touch with me  and makes a appointment gets a free session bc they are going to be my model! refer your friends to me  and get discounts!  smile  843-250-0345
free senior session has been booked!
got to see my little <propmale> last night and he is sooo sweet! can't wait for church tonight to see all my new friends and to get a spiritual refill!
working on more proofs  can't wait for the   cutest kids contest this weekend!!! still taking appointments! remeber  to bring colorful outfits and cute accessories!
<propfemale> is coming home today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still taking appointments for the cutest kids contest this weekend!!
still taking appointments   for the cutest kids  contest this weekend!!
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest    kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my  model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th       & 21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your appointment today!  843-250-0345
church was wonderful  cracker barrel was yummy    now cutest kids appointment and then church tonight! great day!
s your child the cutest? enter into the cutest    kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my  model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th       & 21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your appointment today!  843-250-0345
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest    kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my  model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th       & 21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your appointment today!  843-250-0345
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest     kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th       &  21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your appointment  today!  843-250-0345
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest      kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be  my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th       &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your appointment   today!  843-250-0345
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest       kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th        &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your  appointment   today!  843-250-0345
taxes!!!! enough said   
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest        kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to  be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th         &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your   appointment   today!  843-250-0345
"working, working, working    "
had some good times with some great people tonight!
goodnight all!
"would love to be home on this beautiful saturday   oh well, going to work at chs   "
going to chs again today and faith chapel tonight!  smile 
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest        kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to  be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th         &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your   appointment   today!  843-250-0345
my new camera is heeeeeerrrrrrreeeeeeeeee! i am so excited!!!  smile 
using my new camera today for a senior session!!
"ordering portraits today, cleaning the house, working on proofs, <propfirst>'s birthday    good day!  smile "
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest          kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to    be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th           &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your     appointment   today!  843-250-0345
lunch    then more proofs  smile 
"happy st  <propfemale>'s day  everyone!!! also, happy birthday to my little <propfemale>! shes 2 today!  smile "
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest          kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets to    be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th           &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your     appointment   today!  843-250-0345
lunch   
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest           kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets  to    be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th            &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your      appointment   today!  843-250-03457 hours ago  · comment · like
is your child the cutest? enter into the cutest           kids contest and see! discounted sitting fee and winner gets  to    be   my   model for the year and gets a free package! march  20th            &   21st  and also during the week if needed   make   your      appointment   today!  843-250-0345
"going to the tka soccer game tonight with my hubby and friends   going to practice with my new camera again, i love it!"
had a great time with everyone tonight! i love all my new friends!  smile 
more cutest kids appointments today and then <propfemale>'s birthday party!
lunch! then i am transfering all my new pics onto the computer!
i love my little <propmale>!
calling all seniors of 2010 or 2011   call and  make your appointment today! refer other seniors to me and get free  stuff!!!
calling all seniors of 2010 or 2011   call and   make your appointment today! refer other seniors to me and get free   stuff!!!
"working, working, working    lol"
warmer weather = outside portraits!!! call and   schedule your beach or outdoor portrait session today!
i had a great time with my friends today at corona and <propmale> e cheese! lol
"home for shooting a wedding all day and man i am so tired! it was a wonderful wedding and i got some wonderful images! now for something to eat, clear off camera cards for tomorrow, then putting my aching body to bed! i am going to my first sunrise service tomorrow morning and doing family pics for the church! happy easter everyone!  smile "
sunrise service  smile 
had a great time with my church peeps at brusters tonight! we took <propmale> with us! him and <propfemale> had a doggie sunday and they loved it! now he is soooooo tired because all the kids played and loved on him! i love my little boxer  smile 
is going to eat lunch while some proofs upload  
warmer weather = outside  portraits!!! call and    schedule your beach or outdoor portrait session  today!
calling all seniors   of  2010 or 2011   call and    make your appointment today! refer other    seniors to me and get free    stuff!!!
<propmale> went to the vet this morning and he weighs 11lbs!  smile 
had a great time at the usc spring game today as well as some great shopping with mrs  <propfemale>!  smile 
had a great time at church tonight and a wonderful time with all my new family at cracker barrell!
voting for the cutest kids contest will start  tomorrow and you will be able to vote for 1 week  the voting will be  here on the fan <propfemale> and then there will also be a poll on my blog  the  final 2 will be voted on by a group of people that know none of these  kids  please only 1 vote per person per day 
please tell your friends and family to become a  fan of the <propfemale> to vote  for your child! remember whoever wins get a  free package and gets to be  my model for the year!!!!
all cutest kids photos are posted! now everyone   look really good and decide which one you will be voting for! voting   starts tomorrow morning at 9am  please tell you friends to come and   vote!voting will also be on my blog too!
ok momas! 30 mins until the voting starts for  the cutest kids conest!
go to <propfemale> moments photography and vote for the cutest kids contest!
so glad to be home from work  i missed all my faith chapel peeps today!!!  smile 
the senior show was great tonight! it was great seeing some old friends!   smile 
oh where oh where can the fedex man be?  smile  lots of prints coming in today!
looking for models for senior class of  2011   anyone interested? email me at carolinamoments@yahoo com   
<propmale>'s soccer team is awesome!!!
ok! the top 2 in the cutest kids contest  are <propfemale> and jayden!!!!!!! i will annouce monday who is the winner     thank you so much to all the fans and the  momas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i had a wonderful time at the take the stage concert tonight and hanging out with all the faith chapel peeps  also had a great time walking for the march of dimes today with <propfemale> and <propfirst>! i am so tired! up early tomorrow to cook for church and then going to church!  smile 
is sitting here drinking diet mt  dew out of a coffee cup (don't drink coffee) thinking how i don't won't to work at chs today  i much rather be home in the sun by the pool with my husband  oh well you have got to do what you have to do!
happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms out there!! i love you momma!  smile 
"hey everyone! i won't have a phone until saturday or monday! i am about \to go crazy lol! so if you need me, email me please and i will try to \keep checkng it often  i miss my blackberry!  sad "
my phone is working at the moment! hopefully it will stay alive until i get my new one! working on proofs all day and then shooting a prom tonight!  smile 
off to applebees with <propfirst>! i can't wait for the foxtrot tomorrow because we get to see some great friends we don't get to see often!
"had a great time today at the foxtrot with <propfirst>, lindsey,<propfirst>, cayden, and her family! man it was so hot but worth it   church tomorrow with all my faith chapel family!  smile "
my dog snores worse than my husband does! lol!
would love to be at the beach right now!
<propmale> weighed 20lbs at the vet this morning!
i really think my dog is part jumping bean  smile 
catching up on lost before i start working again   happy friday everyone!
"we had a great time with <propmale> and <propfirst> tonight! <propmale> was right, the fried corn on the cob was wonderful!  smile "
working at chs today   
feeling kinda down tonight   tomorrow will be a better day    
"had a wonderful time at church tonight  everytime i go, its like alittle booster to get me through the next couple of days until i can get my next mental spiritual booster  i really believe that we are ment to be at faith chapel and have all these new people to be in our family "
really enjoyed the coupon class this morning! i can't wait until the next one! i finally got to watch the lost finale and i thought it was great! i am kinda sad its going to not be on anymore  about to go fishing! have a good rest of the day everyone!
"try this   scroll to the bottom of your \facebook <propfemale> and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters,click\english\""\",b1002474406baa763550a27e1884be33,"editing photos, then alittle more of my book, and then bed! i can't wait to see my faith chapel peeps tomorrow!  smile "
lunch today with another photographer! i love talking with other photographers and bouncing ideas off each other  then back home to post some pics and work on some others  have a great day everyone!!
just did a mini photo shoot of <propmale>! will post the pics shortly!  smile 
all mcs prom pictures will be at the school today for pick up!
everyone check out all the new pics from the foxtrot and the <propfemale> festival! night!  smile 
i had a great time at church today and also at lunch with all my faith chapel family!
had a great time by the pool with my hubby and <propmale> this afternoon  now we are on the way too church and the to <propfirst> and shells to watch true blood!!!  smile 
had a great time by the pool with my hubby and <propmale> this afternoon  now we are on the way too church and the to <propfirst> and shells to watch true blood!!!  smile 
happy fathers day! daddy i love you!
i had a great time with some of the faith chapel ladies today by the pool! <propmale> is so tired from all the company  he is also now a white boxer with red koolaid spots thanks to one of the kids! lol love yall!!
had a wonderful time shopping with <propfirst> and <propfemale> today! i spent $56 and saved $176!!
yeah! go cocks!
go cocks!!!
very excited about eclipse tonight!!!
eclipse was soooo awesome!! i am still team <propfirst> all the way! i already want to see it again!
ok so i just watched remember me and all i can say is oh my gosh! i never e playful ected what happened in the end!
almost home after a 9hr drive home from nashville  we only stopped twice! <propmale> has done so good the entire trip  he slept all the was there and all the way back  i love my boxer! i will post pics asap so everyone can see what we did on our trip! i had so much fun!
"silly faces sessions can now be scheduled! $100 \per session which includes the sitting and a 10x10 collage on \matboard!!! these sessions are your kids dream because they get to be \themselves and have a great time! the collages are great for kids rooms \or great conversation pieces for your living room!! call and make your \appointment today!  smile "
"  if\ you have a wonderful man, who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you, \who works hard and would do anything for you, who makes you laugh and is\ your best friend, whom you want to grow old with, who is your world and\ who you're thankful for every day & every night, then post this as \your status!"
taking appointmnts for silly face sessions!!!! great gifts for grandparents day and birthdays! also great pieces to <propfemale> in kids rooms!!
booking appointments for senior pictures    16 free wallets to all seniors who book now!!!
working on proofs and then <propfirst> and shell are coming tonight! yay!
never would have known a year ago that tomorrow we would be joining a church  going to faith chapel has truely changed our lives and i can't wait to see what god has in store for us next   smile 
"don't be impressed with your own wisdom  instead, fear the lord and turn away from evil  the you will have healing in your body and strength for your bones  proverbs 3:7-8    this is my favorite verse and it holds so true in my life  this is the verse that i will quote this morning at jubilee sunday!!  smile "
jubilee sunday was amazing!  smile 
going outside to weed eat and man its gonna be hot! i will be getting in the pool afterward!
no worknight tomorrow night for my faith chapel family    tell everyone  smile 
me and <propmale> are gonna go read some the word and then i am photographing sweet <propfemale> today!!!!
working on some senior pics     smile 
please pray for my <propfemale> she has a hole in her bowel and is going in for emergency surgury    
home from a awesome wedding today! i am soooo tired! <propfemale> is still in lots of pain so please continue to pray! they were suppose to get her up today but they ended up not doing it  she has a long road to recovery but i know she can do it!
i am up here with <propfemale> and she is a lot better since the last time i saw her (friday)  her pain seems to be under control and she's more herself  she told me a couple of minutes ago that we needed to do something with her hair lol  please continue to pray for her and thanks for all the prayers that have been done already!  smile 
we are currently in the beauty beyond beauty salon at mcleod washing my grandmas hair and making her beautiful! lol now this is a e playful erience   
"ok so this morning i got up really early! did you know its daylight at 6 smile 0am lol? so i went to papa's to cook him breakfast and then made it to the hospital by 8 smile 0am ( my normal time to get up)  <propfemale> is doing so much better! she is up going to the bathroom with assistance and no iv! she is also in better spirits  oh and she got grits,eggs, and bacon for breakfast! thanks for all the prayers!"
my grandma is doing so much better! they are talking about sending her home tomorrow  smile 
at the gamecocks practice in columbia in the heat  i hope <propfirst> knows i love him lol 
very excited baby eliot is here!!!
now <propfirst>'s grandma is in the hospital! please pray!
<propfirst>'s grandma's heart rate has leveled out and she is ok  please continue to pray   
i just met baby eliot and she is awesome!
<propfemale> is going to be a big sister to a little boy!!! i think they are going to name him bentley!
"~atrue friend doesn't care if you're broke, when your house is a mess,about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies  they loveyou for who you are! a true friend can go long periods of time withoutspeaking and never question the friendship  repost if you     are   blessed     with at least     one true friend  they will     know whothey are!~"
"very excited to be apart of the fall bridal show! <propfemale> moments photography will have a booth, so everyone come out and see! its going to be 10-10-10 from 2pm-7pm    i will remind everyone closer to time! just very excited, so i had to share! hehe!"
"i am laughing so hard at <propfirst> at this moment   he is singing \no scrubs\"" by tlc lol!"""
loves my hubby! i am going to find me a pumpkin today   hopefully the farmers market has them now   if not then i am going to hobby lobby to find a fake one lol  fall modeling session this afternoon and then hopefully a football game tonight  smile 
check out elegance boudoir photography and tell me what you think! like the <propfemale> please  smile 
"so much to do and so little time! lol     everyone \like\"" elegance boudoir photography"""
"ok so after going to a festival in aynor yesterday, going to she saturday, and then to the usc game last night and walking 2 5 <propmale> i officially feel like the train has hit me lol  i had a wonderful saturday though  some great times with some good friends and a night with my hubby     smile "
everyone become a fan of elegance boudoir photography   smile 
i had a wonderful afternoon with my hubby!  smile 
lunch   then working on more proofs   smile 
go cocks!!!!! yay!!!
"so very excited about being apart of the bridal show at the mall today! its my very first one, so everyone come out to see my booth!!"
is so pumped for this bridal show! yay!
"bridal show was awesome! now ready to go home,get in my pj's, relax, and work on getting some proofs out  thanks for everyone that came out today and thanks to my hubby who helped me so much! i love you babe!  smile "
we took <propfemale> to the fair tonight and she loved it! that child loves to ride rides  yall should have seen mrs  <propfemale> and her ride all the kiddie rides lol!  smile 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  i will be working a wedding all day today but hey its what i love to do   smile 
we are gonna have a baby sometime in june of next year! i am so excited!  smile 
thanks everyone for the great birthday wishes and all the great comments about is having a baby  i feel very loved hehe  smile 
31 party at my house saturday morning at 11am  coffee and doughnuts! everyone is invited! if anyone needs directions please let me know!  smile 
"31\ party at my house saturday morning at 11am  coffee and doughnuts! \everyone is invited! if anyone needs directions please let me know!  smile "
i am so tired after trick or treating with <propfemale> and some other peeps  she was a nurse this year  she was so cute in her pink scrubs!  smile  i will be posting pics soon 
my doctors appointment went great! we got to see the little baby! <propfirst> tagged me in the pic so take a look! so excited!  smile 
"photography one of the few jobs  were you can \shoot\"" people and \""cut their heads off\""   smile """
so much to do in so little time   can i scream now? lol
omg! the mail man just brought the news paper for tomorrow with all the black friday ads in it! yay!  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone! i am thankful for so many things and so many people  i am extra thankful this year for this little baby in my belly that god has blessed us with   smile 
up to go shopping and man is it early(3am)! we love it though  smile 
"dear gamecocks, please win this game so my husband will be happy   smile "
finally got the tree up! yay!
"lunch, 2 appointments this afternoon and working on more proofs in between!"
<propfirst> and i have been married 6 years today! i love him so much!!  smile 
"doctors appointment went well! my blood pressure was good, no weight gain and we got to hear the heartbeat! we go back in 3 weeks to find out if its a boy or girl   smile  "
tired after a long afternoon of christmas shopping 
omg! watermelon jolly ranchers are so yummy! i want a pack of just those please!  smile  
omg! watermelon slush from sonic taste just like a watermelon jolly rancher!! yum!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!  smile 
had a wonderful christmas  i can't wait until next year because it will be even more wonderful because the baby will be here  i am excited to finally feel the baby move too! 17 weeks prego!   smile 
bathing suits in khols? these people are crazy!
this time next week we will know if the baby is a boy or a girl!  smile 
so we find out if the baby is a boy or girl tomorrow! i am taking a poll   do yall think its a boy or girl?  smile 
its as girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
does anyone know of anybody with really tame bunnies?
5 months prego today! baby <propfemale> will be here before we know it!  smile 
thank you lord for your many blessing  this is going to be a wonderful year  i'm claiming so    smile 
getting my hair done today by the awesome <propfemale> nealey at shear madness! cant wait for professional photographers of south <propfemale> (ppsc) convention!  smile 
doctors appointment went great and 301 for lunch! great day!  smile  
had a great time at the ppsc convention! learned lots of great things and was around some awesome photographers   smile )
had a great time with <propfemale> powell today!  smile 
"ok so if your phone accidentally falls in a clean potty, put the phone and battery in a bag of rice and it will be ok in 24 hrs! thank the lord!  smile "
6 months prego today! <propfemale> will be here before we know it!  smile 
"god is fond of you   if he had a refrigerator, your picture would be on it   smile "
so tired after 6 appointments today  supper and then relaxing   smile 
me and <propfemale> are eating some ice cream and <propmale> is eating some beggin strips  all is good   smile 
just ate a cheeseburger and french fries at the mexican restaurant  <propfemale> doesn't really like mexican food but her daddy sure does   smile 
5 guys for supper! yum yum! me and <propfemale> are loving this!  smile 
had a wonderful baby shower! i am so thankful for all <propfemale>'s new things people gave me   smile 
"28 weeks prego! hello third trimester, hurry up and be over so we can meet sweet <propfemale>!  smile "
4d ultrasound today! so excited to see our baby girl!  smile 
"so <propfemale> was being stubborn today and wouldn't show us her face  we saw her feet,hands,ear and we definitely know she is a girl lol  we are trying again next tuesday   smile "
"can't wait for my baby shower today! thanks <propfirst> hunsucker <propmale>, <propfirst> cantey, and <propfemale> arbitter boatwright!"
sooo tired after 3 photo shoots today  way to much for this prego chick! we go again for the 4d tomorrow morning  pray she decides to show us her pretty face   smile  
