eb41389e5ef5d6f6a26e8c74f7459f62
shit
so     who is ready for a snowboarding ski trip?!
i cant sleep   been up all night   emt class starts today     ugh 
hopes for <propfemale> are sinking   melting!!!  im meeeeeelllllllttting   hah
its official   no <propfemale> fire for me   at least i wont miss any of the volleyball season now   game on!
i got mud handled 
"dicks are created, not born "
kinda like how coal turns into a <propfemale> but in reverse   
"wants to go to \paytons\"" soon for some courtyard music and sweetness stout!"""
had a great time with my buddies last night   even bumped into some old friends i hav'nt seen in a while   i love reunions 
looking for feed back   when i walk into a dive bar i e playful ect to see     (no people or actions please)  tangible things 
"sleep, eat, work, eat, work, eat, sleep   life is good!"
i think i forgot how to shave   i just cut the shit out of my face   damn 
hummus!  hummus is on my mind!
i think sleep should be available in vending machines for convenience 
waiting outside meijer for <propmale> to finish going poopy 
is feeling kinda burnt out and starting to drop the ball a little bit   
want to send out a big thanks to the guys at line-x of montgomery   truck looks great   the guys over there take a lot of pride in what they do   if you need your truck bed lined head over to their shop on montgomery rd  across from bills restaurant 
i need a massage   i feel like a half frozen pile of spaghetti 
i was once told i am insatiable   i just realized that that sucks pretty bad 
honesty   it can make you a saint or it can make you a <propmale>   mabye i'm both   
an honest living is a hard way to live 
"ok, weird question   does anyone know an inventor?"
already dreading winter
"accidental saw vs  water pipe today   saw wins, i lose   "
dog vs leather couch round 3   dog still undefeated   back to the upholstery shop     mabye a dog leather ottoman is the next step   
how many people can say they have brushed a pitbulls teeth?  it was interesting 
i hate the cold   it makes want to stay inside     i hate staying inside 
my neighbors internet connection is slow as hell today   im going to call him and complain 
chicago sucks and is cold but some how here i am back to december 
"good drill at the fire department last night, followed by some healthy conversation, paychecks and a fun night out!  this is how it should be bros!  good hanging with you all last night "
about to leave for my emt final   cant wait for a change of pace next semester!  mig welding   thats more like it!
why do i have to put color cartriges in my printer when i only want black and white images!  i hate you computer bastards!
"its time to put americans back to work, and put an end to illegal immigration   \like\"" this if you know anyone who is unemployed and wished they could find a job """
so many people are willing to make fun of someone for being cheap     why is it that you never hear someone being made fun of for spending money that they don’t have?  thus our economy 
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade or homemade to the first five people to leave a comment here  to be eligible, you must also post this in your status, offering the same thing to five other people  the rules are that it must be hand made by you and it must be sent out sometime during 2011  smile "
i just want to send a thank you out to all of my friends who moved this month and didnt ask for my help or truck 
"in honor of hardworking americans everywhere, take the day off   you have earned it "
does it count as gluttony if its portillos?
one day i want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
"also, does anyone have a fish tank that they want to get rid of?  i need like a 35 to 55 gallon "
lost my phone last night   stand by 
"electric is out in my building   went to utility room with maintenance man to check things out   stumbled across a leaking water main   no power, no water   i should have just bought a cabin "
left for chicago this morning at 6:15   home at 11 smile 0 pm   up and off again at 5 smile 0   self-employed    more like self-enslaved 
may your worries pass you by like a <propfirst> bag on a <propfemale> day 
the library is complete!  check out the photos   we built this puppy from scratch!
"sore throat and headache vs 2 extra strength tylenol and a bottle of dragon's milk   sickness 0,  remedy 1"
"after 1 flight delay, on white trash <propfemale> calling <propfemale> a c@*#, losing our bags till today at 3,  and one tsunami, we are finally settling in to our room in hawaii "
came home from snorkeling at 3 and took a nap   its now 11 and <propfemale> wants to just sleep through the night   not sure im able to do that   
just taught <propfemale> how to make ramen with a coffee maker   shes a big fan 
why are there so many things that i would like to say that i shouldnt?
