2358c1f5c86c78f10017cf42e8bd5ba5
i need pics!!! lol   laugh 
"visiting fsu tomorrow with my dad! haha, road trip!!!  laugh "
"yay for <propfemale> & \magic\"" messi!!!  wink """
senior portraits tomorrow!  laugh 
senior pictures went great!  laugh 
let's go <propfemale>!!  laugh 
<propfemale> lost!!  sad 
working on my economics class assignments   playful 
good night!!  laugh 
good night!! ~ love 
colorguard practice today frm 9-4!!  smile 
sore from practice today    lol   playful  guard practice again tomorrow frm 9-4!!  smile 
had a great time @ guard practice today!  smile 
done with economics for today! yay!!  smile 
time to work on my government on-line class!
uploaded new pics!  laugh 
guard practice tomorrow frm 9-12!  laugh 
workin' on my gov  online class!!  smile 
"band camp starts tomorrow, i'm <propfemale> excited!!  laugh "
"my schedule: 1st- ap bio (deale), 2nd- guard (dunn), 3rd- ap psych (criddle), 4th- ap eng lit (kimbrough), 5th- ap stat (deale), 6th- health 2 (holmes), 7th- allied health 3 (holmes)"
describe me in two words by using the initials of your first and last name   smile 
gettin' ready for band camp tonight!  smile 
"off to bed, good night!!  smile "
band pictures tomorrow!!  smile 
new pictures!!  laugh 
omg   i'mma be a senior tomorrow!!  wink 
good night! ~  love 
does anyone want to go to the homecoming dance with me?  smile 
new pictures!!  smile 
yay! i got a 92 on my statistics test   smile 
time to work on my biology assignments   
i'm <propfemale> tired   good night!  smile 
"honestly! if you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me put a heart  if i am a good friend put a  smile   if you ever had a crush on me put a  laugh   if you're not scared, put this as ur status "
you never got the <propmale> to say good bye to me   i'm going to miss you   sad 
"gonna go study psychology, good night!  love "
"like\my status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by\looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3 \my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask\something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about\   you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  challenge you to post this"
i can't stop thinking about someone  ~ love 
"i passed the test, and now i'm going to be cpr aed certified!!  wink "
"i'm so confused, because i'm starting to have feelings for you, but do you feel the same towards me   ?  love "
interning early in the morning tomorrow at tch! yay   
new pictures!  smile 
my dad won two tickets for him and i to go see the fsu vs  clemson game tonight! go fsu!!  laugh 
ahh!! i'm tired of all these assignments in biology!  annoyed 
watched <propmale> potter 7 and went shopping with <propfemale>  we had a great girl's night out!!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving!!  laugh 
my personality project is coming along great!  laugh 
sat testing and christmas parade tomorrow!!  smile 
"yay! i'm finding all of my past childhood friends back from yokota, japan  such great times     laugh "
is finally finished with my reading journal for kimbrough!  smile 
is relaxing!  laugh 
act testing tomorrow!  smile 
woo!! i kept my a for the semester in kimbrough's class!  laugh 
made a b on my ap statistics exam!  laugh 
i gotta start packing for the <propmale> trip tomorrow!!  laugh 
i'm sooo excited for the disney band trip!!  laugh 
i had an awesome time on the disney band trip!! especially when i was dancing basically all day at margaritaville   laugh 
"hmm    thinking about changing my boring hair color, haha!  smile "
goin' figure skating at baytown tonight with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!  laugh 
check out my new pics!!  laugh 
"hosa medical spelling round 1 went well today, and i hope i make it to round 2 tomorrow! plus my 18th birthday is tomorrow! yay!!  wink "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!  love 
made third place on medical spelling at the regional hosa competition!!  wink  next step is to compete at state competition! i also had a great birthday!  smile 
act and crestview winterguard show tomorrow!!  smile 
had an awesome time with <propfemale> girrl <propfemale> smith!!  wink 
"it's almost prom, and i still need to find my perfect prom dress!! lol "
might be doing ms  chs pageant!!  laugh 
suggestions on any hip-hop music that has a good beat that i can dance to?
i had fun hanging out with <propfemale>!  laugh 
haha  i'm finally going prom dress shopping today!  laugh 
"i found my perfect prom dress, and i'm <propfemale> excited for prom!  laugh "
"had fun at the bowling alley with friends  played darts for the first time and won first place, lol!  smile "
i am sooo excited about prom tomorrow!!!  laugh 
going to south korea this friday! i'm <propfemale> excited!!!  laugh 
"packin' my suitcase to go to seoul, korea tomorrow!!! also, i hope everyone has an awesome spring break!  laugh  i'll miss you guys, lol   love "
"korea is amazing especially the food!!! right now, hanging out with my cousin seul-ki!  laugh "
"i don't want to go back to florida, lol!! i'm really going to miss korea     sad "
i miss my korean family!  crying 
hosa state competition thurs -sun  at jacksonville  wish me good luck on medical spelling!  laugh 
