19b47cc099596bcd7545bce4db11a64d
last night was so amazing! i am so glad <propmale> came with me to the new years <propfemale> dance! i had a blast!
"i am about 85% sure i am going to walk out of this house tomorrow and never come back    regardless of what happens with school, i will always be the same fuck up and failure i was in my addiction  i will always be compared to the girl i was when i was young and i am not her  i refuse to ever be her again "
"i am about 85% sure i am going to walk out of this house tomorrow and never come back    regardless of what happens with school, i will always be the same fuck up and failure i was in my addiction  i will always be compared to the girl i was when i was young and i am not her  i refuse to ever be her again  its in god's hands, and even that is not acceptable to some people   "
oh my goodness    what a mess!
i am a defect in search of character
i don't want to go to class! i need to get my ass out of bed!
<propfemale> is officially a vet's assistant! yay! i got the job!
"a young psychic midget named <propfemale> went to jail with the most heinous charge but despite lock and key the next day she broke free and the headlines said \small medium at large\"""""
going to champaign    hoping it stops raining! let's go state! beat the illini! woohoo!
i wish weekends would last forever   
do i really have to take my english midterm tonight? seriously    i wish i could just fast forward to vet school when i can actually study something i give a damn about!
busy day tomorrow    working at the animal hospital til noon and then i will be on my way to champaign to spend the evening with <propfirst>  love     back home early sunday    a whirlwind weekend as always!  p s  13 more days!!!
back in town    homework then heading over to beewolf
sick    again!
"i'm a banana  i'm a banana  now, peel the banana  peel the banana  now, go bananas! go, go bananas!"
looong day of work tomorrow    bed time!
needs only love & a  45
"working early    so sleepy    5 more days, not really excited anymore    its just another 24    any ideas for a new tattoo for me?"
bubble bath and pajama time!
the party is over    time for bed! back to school work tomorrow!
my boyfriend surprised me! he came to see me! yay!!!
laundry    you can always count on it to be there for you! thank god my dad is bringing home tiramisu for me!
i feel like laundry is the only thing i can count on right now  i feel like i'm falling apart
craving my pepto!
sick and tired   
"hopes <propmale> (a k a  pah \stray kitty\"") will have a home by the end of today!"""
<propmale> has a home now    i am happy but i will miss him  i am just glad he won't live his life in a cage anymore  i know i could never be caged    work will be hard tomorrow without his hugs  thank god i still have <propmale>! adopt strays!
ugh    i make myself sick   
"is losing her mind  crying, nightmares    the stress is getting to me"
"home again! north <propfemale> was a blast, but nothing is better than coming home!"
funny people is really not funny at all    very misleading    very boring    very very very long   
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)! any question, no matter how crazy or wierd it is  you'll have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!"
i try to do the right thing and now i have just taken on a whole new set of problems that i didn't want or need or ask for   
it is hard to watch someone you deeply care about die  i never imagined how painful it could be    any day now   
my dog is humping a stuffed animal's head    what a weird day   
"finals, finals, finals"
i got a b in comm! yay me! i am so proud of myself! my first non-f grade in like almost 2 years!
misses <propmale> and feels sorry for getting so pissed at him last night 
making christmas cookies and doing laundry tonight    its exactly one year since i got out of treatment today! yay!
bought an antique bistro style table and chairs at an estate sale today for my currently non-existent studio apartment    i couldn't help myself! it was only $65! just another piece to furnish that apartment that i don't have!
"my heart is racing and my hands are shaking  i feel weak, gross, and i have 3 hours of class to sit through   "
i have writer's block    its making me physically sick and frustrating me to no end    i suck at life    especially school   
"the question of the moment    sleep for 2 hours before getting up for work, or just screw it all and stay up until bed tonight    hmmm    sleep is probably necessary at this point   "
wake me up! before you go-go  don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo    take me dancing tonight   
class time! i am so hungry!
but for the grace of god   
i love the snow!
snow day! if i only could get my car out of the driveway to go see <propmale>    *sigh* i miss him   
"i just realized i am celebrating 14 months! i think a few people even commented to me about my sobriety date today, but its just now striking me! 14 months, 14 months, 14 months! 426 days!"
"totally slipped and almost fell in the hall at icc, right in front of the library    i am so coordinated! lol! i hope no one saw me!"
"well, i finally got the laundry put away, if only i could decide where to put away everything else   "
"job interview tomorrow for a full time vet assistant position  i want this job! why you ask? well    a) its closer, b) better hours, c) its full time, d) i still get to do what i love, only with less of the gross stuff involved and more of the fun stuff! so, please, pray for me  its an all day interview which makes me really nervous    its like they test drive me before they will hire me    gosh! i am so nervous! i"
work this morning    looking forward to hitting the estate sale down the street   
one month until my 21st birthday    who is going to go out with me?
why am i so cold????
don't behave in ways you will regret or have to apologize for later  it pisses me off and it wastes my time 
"<propmale> says, <propfemale> looks like <propfemale>, not a celebrity  but here is my celebrity dopplegangers "
"<propfemale> - the most gorgeous woman ever seen  known to randomly throw out little adorable and hysterical one-liners  very artistically talented  one who has no true idea of her true beauty, both inside and out  a very very special woman that has the love and admiration of a person willing to do almost anything for her (urbandictionary com)"
"more cleavage licking puppies today, but the best part was the dog that tried to pull down my pants    my job is never boring! i love veterinary medicine!"
"happy birthday, sister!!!"
"acceptance is the answer to all my problems today    i can find no serenity until i accept that person, place, thing, or situation as being exactly the way it is suppose to be at this moment  nothing, absolutely nothing happens in god's world by mistake   "
"i am seriously craving a ct dub with <propfemale> mustard and extra cheese from menna's joint    only problem is i need to be in east lansing, mi to get one    *sigh* such is life!"
wonders what work will bring tomorrow! hopefully something new and exciting! love my job!
i love the snow! its so peaceful and serene    until you have to drive in it!
no one can give you courage  no one can thicken your skin  i will not fail so you can be comfortable  i will not lose because you can't win 
"i am so far beyond grumpy    i am putting on my msu pj's, curling up in my bed, and reading the haunting of hill house by <propfirst> <propmale> (i finally got a copy for my birthday!)"
"getting beautified, not sure why   "
"i start on new medications tomorrow, all those close to me have been warned   "
do i really have to go to work?
"if you can't give me the <propfemale> tale, then don't waste my time   "
"goodnight, <propfemale>!"
went undefeated in the euchre tournament tonight!
16 months tomorrow! time goes by so quickly! life is a beautiful gift!
oh my goodness! i think its time for a paw print tatoo!
getting pretty!
i began my day by hitting a bird in my car on my way to work    it only got worse from there    i am going to bed! fml!
i fucking hate closing by myself    i'm going to sleep
anyone want to purchase me a pocket beagle for $1500? i will love you forever!
my heart is in spokane tonight with my boys! go msu!
"my dog has been following me around all day    i would think after yesterday she would hate me, but apparently she wants to spend more time with me now! awesome!"
could i possibly feel any worse???
"what a beautiful, wonderful, serene day   "
i got a cubs baseball cap today and i dont ever want to take it off!
i totally look like i was bit by a vampire which is a much cooler e playful laination than the truth   
wearing my thinking cap aka my new cubbies hat!
i am hopeful that the cubbies can do as well or better today as they did last night and get another win!!!
way to screw it up <propfemale>   
i wonder if he even thinks about me   
i have made myself sick to my stomach    again    and again   
"happiness - its not having what you want, its wanting what you have!"
little miss can't be wrong!
i need a new tattoo    its been six months  i am craving new ink!
wings are done for the season    they played a good season! they will be back next year!
i have lost 8 lbs! yay!
chiefs baseball tonight! thats where i'm at!
i learned how to play puerto rican dominos tonight    i loved it! so fun!
working all weekend    what a dream come true
missing those who have passed on    rip
i feel like someone kicked the dog (me) because the cat peed on the carpet   
camping this weekend! i cant wait to connect with nature and get some serenity!
camping with my dog dutchess and my ten year old son <propfirst>  living the dream at lake storey!
worrying is about as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum
had a nearly perfect day today   
i feel like hell  worst migraine  kill me now
just got word another funeral and visitation is on the schedule for me this week  rest in peace daddy d  you saved my life whether you knew it or not 
rest in peace <propfirst> e  demanes and <propmale> masonholder  you and your familes are in my prayers tonight 
<propmale> <propfirst> honda service department is now officially #1 on my shit list for awhile! you fucked me over too many times and this time you could have killed me!
i would kill to have my tent and a bonfire in the middle of nowhere right now    just my dog and i and maybe a shooting <propfemale> or two if i got lucky   
rocked out to some spice girls on the way to steak n shake for a delicious hersheys special dark chocolate milk shake    i will surely hate myself for this later 
rocked out to some spice girls on the way to steak n shake for a delicious dark chocolate milk shake    i will surely hate myself for this later 
"dear mother nature, please stop with the rain  its getting really old "
i need a good guy who will treat me right and that i can have a healthy relationship with   
i get my lukers for the weekend! i am so excited!
life is complicated   
rip poor giraffe from the peoria zoo    so sad    so tragic   
rip <propmale>  i will miss cuddling you and seeing you at work everyday 
today i remember the men and women who live and die fighting for this country to keep it free  especially one special man who stood by me in my darkest hour while fighting war another world away  i have so much admirtion and gratitude for these people  happy 4th of july!
i got called a cunt to my face for the first time tonight simply because i choose not to talk to someone who talks about me behind my back    sorry for respecting myself?
"really, god? i mean, seriously?"
anyone want to come over and crack my back and write my paper for me?
"dear kid driving in balda 5 car, i think your teacher neglected to tell you that you cannot drive 5 mph under the speed limit in the left <propfirst> in heavy traffic "
"dear cute guy at the club, i hope i get to flirt with you tomorrow    if not, i will just have to go to the pool  sad "
"i am trying very hrd not to believe all the bullshit swirling around in my head at the moment  cause most of it is hopefully paranoia, and if its not, then i guess i will just be right and there is not <propmale> loss    right? please, let me be wrong!"
my head is back on straight again! praise the lord! back at the wolf pack 
packing up    moving out   
all my clothes and stuff are finally put away  i officially can say i have moved out and moved in!
in stl for the weekend    time for a sexy party?
i love my new friend calliope! she is badass!
horrible day   
my body seriously needs to start cooperating   
"dear god, please stop my migraines  love, <propfemale>"
at the doctors   
meds from the doc were worthless  went to prompt care and they gave me stronger ones    they aren't helping either  the er may be next for me    ugh!
my gerbil tried to eat my flip flop    definitly has gerbil bite marks in it   
at the doctors again    looking to feel better   
going to iowa to see ryno coach this weekend! 21 months sober today!
i am really sick of migraines and pain   
i kind of hope something shows up on my mri tomorrow    so tired of suffering from migraines that last for days
watchin inglorious basterds with my sweetie!
i am smitten   
bossman was put to sleep today    no happy ending there  i am heart shattered   
bossman was put to sleep today     i am heart shattered   
bossman was put to sleep today    i am heart shattered   
enjoying time with <propfirst> bloom    i love him so much!
sleepy    going to dreamland
my sheet metal workers tee that <propfirst> gave me makes the best jammies! watching <propfemale> and hardy in bed
nauseated    life sucks balls
so sick of people lying and talking shit smile 
i have a hot date with my pajamas! good night facebook!
migraine   
what a crazy beautiful weekend it has been   
"its incredible how fucked this is    acceptance, right?"
played pathfinder with the guy and his friends tonight  i was surprised by how much i enjoyed it!
good luck sherrick in your nfl premiere! i will be cheering for you!
"crouching tiger, raging badger!!!"
off to work    where is my badger when i need her?
looking forward to the weekend smile 
what a wild and crazy day   
who puts the fun in funeral? l
thank god that i have <propfirst> to keep me sane and make me smile!
lets go spartans! kick some wolverine ass!
ugh    fml!
painful   
rip thing one    your life was cut too short by a falling door    you will be missed
i am so poor    at least my bills are paid!  smile 
brain pain go away  come again some other day
workend   
<propfirst>- these tater tots are greasy   me- wow    i thought they were fried mushrooms    lol
r i p  grandpa  i will miss you 
in texas    burying grandpa tomorrow    happy halloween!
trying to bury my grandpa    looking forward to the msu vs  iowa game this afternoon   
oh my goodness! what a day! i am so ready for bed   
my flight is delayed    stuck in <propfirst>
flight was cancelled    stuck in <propfirst> for tonight   
"hey, american airlines! fuck you! i am not going to be stuck in <propfirst> til wednesday just because you cant get your flight attendant to the plane!"
"ok american airlines, lets try this again   "
make me something strong to drink! i am home and ready to relax!
loving being home with <propfirst> and the rest smile 
tgif   
ready to drink myself to death    i hate my life   
brain pain   
walking around with a rain cloud over my head   
i got a free blackberry curve today with my new cell plan!
going to naperville with mom today!
relaxing with my roomie!
let's go michigan state! kick those boilermaker`s asses!
sittin around the house    somewhere between the windows and the doors    searching for signs of life but there's nobody home   
oh my goodness! enough already!
<propmale> etnier is my boyfriend
my freaking head is killin me    can't sleep at all
looking forward to getting off worl at noon and taking a nap! it was great seein all of you last night!
oh my goodness what a  day   
what another day   
what a wonderful day off!
i have bursitis in my hips! doc says it is from all my years of sitting crosslegged!
just got out of pekin er 
at the er again this time in peoria
"home with <propmale> - i hate \pain management \"""""
at the doctor's office again
resting after my ct scan    making <propmale> watch bolt
i am so lucky to have such a wonderful guy who takes care of me
puking is officially not cool
pray for me
attemping to be productive    folding clothes while watching american dad
its almost christmas   
rip duchess <propfemale> wise  we love you and miss you so very much!
"i am going away for a while  i will not have access to facebook, so farewell for now!"
starting over    life is good!
one more day til cade is here! i can't believe its been almost a month since i've seen him!
cade will be here tomorrow! yay!
what an incredible weekend! i am so blessed!
starting week #2 in <propfirst>   
headed to <propfirst> in the morning! spending the weekend with cade!
cade and <propfemale> surprised me! what a great day!
my wonderful weekend took a very sad turn on my drive home    i am emotionally wrecked  thank god tomorrow is a new day and all my loved ones will live to see it 
in <propfirst>    watching basketball with cade  smile 
"went fishin today   16 bass, 1 catfish  let's go illini!"
"yoga yoga, then home to relax   "
went boating on lake <propfirst>    the sunshine felt wonderful!
"qotd: \a clean room is a sign of a wasted life \"" - uncle <propfirst>"""
i can't wait for this to pass   
yoga this morning made me realize how sore i am from the core class yesterday  i love it!
i am the fitness <propfemale>!!!
i think i pulled a muscle in my big toe   
"no core workout at <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s, but i'm thinking ashtanga at noon, hatha at 4 smile 0, and maybe a walk in between tomorrow!"
still awake    i hate nights like this    
"looking back to the beginning of the year, i can't believe how far i have come  i am so grateful for the change  it saved my life "
"not going to <propfirst> this weekend    not sure how i feel about it, but hopefully will survive   "
"if you do me right, i'm gonna do right by you  and if you keep it tight, i'm gonna confide in you  i know what's on your mind there will be time for that too, if you <propfemale> with me  just don't fall recklessly, headlessly in love with me, cause its gonna be all heartbreak blissfully painful and insanity  if we agree, you can <propfemale> with me   "
"yoga yoga, then hot rods and shopping at soco"
"i do not like this, <propfirst> i am!"
ugh    feelings all over the place    sick and tired of feelings that i can't do anything about    
"curled up on the couch, in front of the fire, watching the championship game    only way this could be better is if cade were here   "
my mommy is coming to visit tomorrow!!! yay! i have missed her so much!
mommy comes today!!! picking her up at 12 smile 0  i can't wait!
"3 months sober today   \keeping sober is the most important thing in my life  the most important decision i ever made was my decision to give up drinking  i am convinced that my whole life depends on not taking that first drink  nothing in the world is as important to me as my own sobriety  everything i have, my whole life, depends on that one thing  can i afford ever to forget this, even for one minute?"
