e9765eeaaf0fcf57fb2db49ec7ebf584
happy freakin' new years!!!!! woo!  laugh 
hasn't gotten out of her bed in a week - -
has made a new friend ^^ yaya!
is finding it really hard to ask for help when she needs it  annoyed 
is getting annoyed with how fast life has been moving since graduation   
is bound and determined to get a job!  smile 
"social e playful eriment,if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you "
has just added a bunch of photos ;3
just saw <propfemale> trek for the 3rd time ^^
can finally afford to get her school textbooks! yay now i wont fail  laugh 
is finally getting her laptop back from geek squad ^^
hates school    but is doing her best to put up with it    annoyed 
really wants to be <propfemale> sciuto from ncis for halloween next year  laugh 
hates term papers   
is sooooo sleepy t t
just saw the eggmen tonight with family!  laugh 
watched ice age 23 times today o o
had a blast today  smile 
can't find her phone! d:
thanks <propfirst> for finding her phone  i love u!!  laugh 
just got the new switchfoot cd!  laugh 
is back from the dentist   and is in pain t t stupid fillings
wants to shop!  smile 
is soooo glad that the semester is almost over  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! love y'all!  love 
tried to eat chicken hearts for dinner but got all freaked out and couldn't eat them t t
"dammit! some jackass is running around my neighborhood punching out car windows!!!! some lady just stopped by our house, because she saw our car, and said that someone had taken out two of her windows up the street  lovely isn't it?"
just watched bloody <propfirst> for the first time   yea i don't think i'll be sleeping tonight    annoyed  lol
ummm if anyone is getting notifications from me that i answered a question about them    i really didn't    and you can completely disregard it   smile  mkay? silly facebook app doing strange things   
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smart ass
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, here's a task for you  i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  then copy and paste this as your own status and see what kind of results you get?"
isn't particularly excited about taking summer courses   but at least it will keep my brain cells alive  laugh 
woot! finished my essay for history  smile  now time to power nap go take the test then i'm free!  love      until june 1st  annoyed 
freedom!  smile 
"i went to the shelter today after looking online at some of the dogs and fell in love with a mutt named gravey  we recognized him as soon as we got there and just had to take him home  he was abandoned at the shelter in february, was adopted, then returned (owners couldn't afford him) and now hes happily resting with my mom and i in my living room  thanks mom and dad for my birthday present!  smile "
"look at your status, now back to mine, now back to yours, now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting useless idiocy and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down, back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like  anything is possible when your status has a point  i'm on a computer"
its a small world!: i went to the dog park again today and a lady recognized <propmale>  it turns out she is the animal behaviorist at will co  shelter and had trained with <propmale> when he was brought in  when <propmale> arrived at wilco he was constantly shaking in fear and she worked with him for a long time until he was adopted by me  if hes improved this much since then i cant wait to see how much more calm he will become!
