3bd38a8111579e1fe2cd9804e9f0cf9c
n-v-t-s    nuts
going to work 
werk werk werk   
grind grind grind    working is like playing a video game over and over again 
yay 
"yarrrrr, ye scalliwags be plunderin me loot   "
still werking!
"now that i think i've gotten over my hangover, time to check out some pics of the <propmale>'s magnificence!"
i need a massage!
so many things to do in a new house    it's just crazy round here 
"augh, have to sleep "
crazy!
mmmm   dinner 
i love baby!
late   need to wake up soon   for great justice 
orchestral music from old video games is awesome 
"not enough sleep, time to work    rough "
"slept in today, that is awesome!"
day 1 vacation:no sunburn!
burned 
i hate it when you have to wake up early on days off   guess i had better get used to this eh?
for great justice!
i hate censorship 
yay
"i love passive aggressive   facebook, tell them i hate them "
ready to roll out!
what a bunch of bullshit 
"knee hurts like a sonofabitch, and a good nights rest isn't looking to good   grumble   "
grats
<kingslayer>
head is spinning  migraines are the worst 
cranial sacral class ftw 
day 2 hard palate work  yes in the mouth 
"day 3:review then infants and children under eight, followed by arcing then lunch  busy busy "
i think ice cream will make it better 
how people wake up at this time and earlier is beyond my meager level of comprehension 
staring at someone because you can't take their pain away sucks  9 hours down maybe several to go  boo 
epidural'd 
"baby is here  rather arrived this morning @ 1  mommy and baby doing well, daddy is tired and would like a nap  let's see if the nice nurses can give a few hours to the cause "
<propfemale> <propfemale> is doing well  <propfemale> is the best wife ever since she let me get 7 hours of sleep last night  still in the hospital after the c-section  maybe home tomorrow 
pics up of the <propfemale> 
sleepy 
culling is complete   friends list back down below 100 
household in meltdown mode   for rock!
"baby sleeping, feeding in 2 hours   oh boy!"
if you are a ravens fan i don't wanna hear about the shark cage around <propmale> anymore 
werking 
thinks that being an imperial gaurdsman is awesome 
hangin with the folks 
"up late, waiting to see if someone needs to be fed soon  fifteen minutes more then she is under mommies purview "
hates being sick 
is confused why all the women on facebook have started this i like it on the and don't e playful lain what they like doing there 
argh  sick again  what the hell am i eating that could be doing this to me 
"thank you to <propmale>, <propmale>, and especially to <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and my father  you all make it easy for a weenie like me  thank a veteran day!"
"introspectively depressing song lyric, \i wonder who will respond to my brooding \"""""
fuck cbs and their this game isn't competetive and so we're switching to a worthless game   
just took a nap   it was to short 
who just became a packers fan    this guy 
waiting for your doctors appt is bad enough  waiting for your infants is insufferable 
<propfemale> is about to unleash the fury!
for the first time in perhaps months i don't hear anything from our neighbors 
first understand how it could nmbe so difficult to book appointments appropriately  does it take an advanced math degree to know not to book more than 4 
boo  jesus commercial on the super bowl 
sad for stillers fans   aren't you sad?
"changed the first solid food poop diaper   i had been warned, but the warning was   insufficient   it was horrible   it was like descending into the 10 rings of hell "
as a lapsed catholic i feel it is my duty to nominate all parents who have more than one child for sainthood on the basis of how many poop diapers they have to change 
"here are the normal boobs (   )(   ), the silicone boobs ( + )( + ), the perfect boobs (o)(o)  some boobs are cold (^)(^), and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\  \\   and let’s not forget the very large boobs (o y o), and very small boobs ( )( ), and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•)( )  we love them all! post this message on your wall and say ???(?_?)??? to breast cancer!!!!!"
has a case of the mondays 
