4c20ae4da223eb119e96a23d616f707c
happy new year  smile 
"<propmale> and i were the oldest and youngest people at the nye party    or as <propfemale> wenzler put it, \you guys are an age sandwich!\"""""
eastbrook high school retreat at fort wilderness!
tenuousness less seven comes to three 
"is curious as to how, scientifically speaking, it is possible for her office to be -419 degrees as it is right now "
dreamed of <propmale> gaffigan last night    odd   
really?
spider bite!! maybe it was radioactive and i'll get cool powers   
is going to start wearing a parka to work 
grooooooaaannnnn
coffee  heavenly choirs in liquid form 
"is leaving work, thank god "
i can see for <propmale> and <propmale>
wields her flyswatter without mercy 
"see a sea anemone the enemy see a sea anemone that'll be the end of me, that'll be the end of me "
is apparently the only person who thinks this weather is awesome!!
is being sustained by popsicles alone 
yay for crummy air conditioning    my bedroom is 91 degrees 
could really go for a frosty 
is traumatized by hold music from the 80's 
apparently <propfirst> <propmale> just died   
does not have anything melodramatic to say about <propfirst> <propmale>   
"subway, eat fresh "
weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a little bit like a lobster 
is very grateful!!
wishes <propfirst> lamontagne would sing her to sleep every night 
needs a belt really badly!!
is so very blessed   laugh 
it's a bon iver kind of a day 
1st day of july-- 55 degrees  i hate you wisconsin 
oatmeal makes me tired 
has a sudden urge to watch the phantom of the opera 
"is riding a fast motorcycle    if i'm not back in half an hour, call an ambulance  heh heh"
"is house sitting  and within 5 minutes of arrival, was peed on by <propmale>  happy independence day!!"
loves fireworks!!!!!
has done nothing today that required effort  and is very happy about that 
*food coma*
migraine!! but at least i'm signed up for classes 
*whistling the <propmale> griffith show tune*
this coffee tastes like toxic sludge 
blahhhh very unmotivated 
<propfemale> michaels: 1  michelle: 0  this is gonna hurt tomorrow 
is going to bake a cake  yum (hopefully) 
   must   get more   sleep   
is chillaxin with cat stevens 
is looking forward to tonight with her boo  smile 
yayyy birthday!!!
had the best birthday ever!!!!!!  laugh !!!
is considering doing a facebook friend cleanse 
best 7 months of my life  smile 
"loves storms, just not when her car windows are left open "
would rather be inside an e playful loding volcano than in her office right now 
went to lake night and it was a blast!!  smile 
"just found out that her car is officially \dangerous to drive \"" awesome """
is writing this on her new macbook! hooray!!
early bedtime! *heavenly choirs*
"is gonna give this \sleep\"" thing another try    after looking up some guitar chords and other nonsense """
is regretting her late night cleaning binge 
should get more sleep before interacting with the human race 
has a pretty extraordinary boyfriend 
"eating snap peas, watching pirates of the caribbean, and updating my facebook status    multitasking at its finest, ha "
outsmarted a wiener dog! yes!!
needs new neck muscles 
is getting mighty tired of all these headaches 
is going to bed 
has a creepy song by the wiggles stuck in her head 
the two griffin girls are a bit under the weather  sad 
"is packing first aid kits like a madwoman, then heading to bw3s for wings and drinks with the girls!!"
last day of work!!!!!!!!
is out in the wilderness  see you all in a week! (unless i get eaten by a bear) 
will never again take toilet paper for granted 
the wilderness trip was a juicy one 
is listening to the thunder 
first tuition payment due soon     ouch 
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning  throwing out lots of junk "
could really go for some corn on the cob!
laugh attack
enjoyed her two brief days of unemployment 
back to your bridge you evil troll! you have no powers here 
kopps with <propmale>  smile 
wishes her body would let her sleep in  sad 
shake me like a monkey
best 8 months of my life   laugh 
had a perfect night! beautiful weather and awesome company  laugh 
pad thai from a box    just not the same 
got lost in the boonies of oak creek  who invented that terrible place anyways 
"wonders how it is that she puts something down, and forgets where it is one second later "
packing up my childhood makes me realize what a weirdo i was as a child 
is wishing that there was actual breakfast food somewhere in her house 
plpwv!
this is war 
did that facebook ad just call me fat?
is heading up to lambeau for the packer game!
is packing 
's boyfriend was apparently a lumberjack in a past life   
work 
more cleaning and packing  sigh  it will never end 
"packing, massage, <propfemale> tasting, work  very weird day "
had a life-changingly wonderful massage 
might go to bed at some point tonight   
is really wired  thank you starbucks 
's brain won't turn off 
why sleep when instead i can be a miserable insomniac?
last night at home ever  weird 
moving day! annnd it's rainy with a high of 58  fml 
"new apartment and new roommates, all awesome  smile "
"thank you, alterra, for your free wifi  i love you "
"loves grocery shopping, besides the whole \paying for it\"" part """
"first day of school    \yay \"""""
"yay, weekend!"
is tailgating and hitting the brewers game!
ate more hamburgers this weekend than in the last 3 years combined 
"curse you, <propfirst> catalanatto! your song is still stuck in my head!!!"
seriously  best boyfriend ever 
is eating soup and watching a movie   smile 
"the lake may smell like a diaper, but it sure is pretty!"
hopes that there is a swine flu outbreak in the next hour so she can skip class at 12 surprise 0 
coram deo
remembers 
9 months  smile 
is having quite an unremarkable day 
is apparently the only person who didn't get the memo about it being cold out today 
wishes the people next door would be quiet!!!!!
is off to <propmale> for a beach workout!
"is talkin' it up, on the <propmale> gibbs talk show   "
aaaand    weekend!
busy day ahead!
cha-cha-cha-charrrrrrrrrro!
is on a fruit fly killing spree 
"found utopia, and it was called woodmans "
mega shark vs  giant octopus! now this is quality cinema 
is trying very hard to wake up
1 corinthians 1:26-31
is making homemade apple sauce!
hooray for me    under 4 hours of sleep  sad 
"well hello weekend, how nice to see you!"
went kayaking through 2 1 2 hours of downpour    and it was awesome!
is feeling murderous toward her excessively boisterous neighbor and his excessively intoxicated friends 
cha cha cha charrrrrro!
"sond est mots qui bon tres bien ensemble, tres bien ensemble "
"1 fruit fly down, 47 billion more to go!"
"i can hear the wind howling, and i am alone "
humility is difficult 
does anyone have a car suv truck i could borrow friday and saturday to take a bunch of high schoolers to iowa for spelunking?   laugh 
has a hiding place 
i need thee every hour
is turning into quite the compulsive cleaner 
doesn't have enough quarters to finish laundry  sad 
"ugh, why am i awake????!!"
"kumato- a mix between a kumquat and a tomato  cool, but   why?"
hot apple cider+ cat stevens+ sunshine= ideal autumn day  smile 
is spelunking in iowa with the eastbrook high schoolers!
"is riddled with bruises and mud, but it was definitely worth it! cave diving with eastbrook highschoolers definitely makes my top 10 of fun activities "
"to nap or to study, to nap or to study     nap "
dropkicked her pride in the face    and it felt great!
doesn't usually care about the packers    but this is war 
why is it so hard to just go to bed?
it's tuesday? really? cuz it definitely seems like monday   
i love fall  smile 
would love to fall asleep if her neighbors would be quiet 
"and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day   sad "
who cares about nobel peace prizes? <propmale> and <propfemale> are married!!!
"goodness, its a <propmale> nippy out!"
"o sweet slumber, where are you hiding?"
is sipping some tranquil dreams tea before hitting the hay   smile 
is building castles in the air 
10
burned my arm in the oven  sad  it hurts 
apparently my upstairs neighbors are having a dance off in wooden clogs   
leaving for school when it's still dark out is bad  standing in the rain waiting for the bus is worse  getting to class only to realize it's canceled is the worst 
we keep talking about cake in class    now i want cake 
spooktacular friday with the girls!!!!
is apparently the pregnancy psychic  scary 
got to see her brother for the first time in a year and a half!! happy day!!!
love always hopes 
is down with the sickness 
just coughed up both of her lungs 
"mucinex, hot shower, hot tea, emergen-c, vaporub, tucked into bed with 100 layers, <propfemale> bride  am i missing anything?"
"come on immune system, step it up!!"
is finally feeling quite a bit better after 10 glorious uninterrupted hours of sweet slumber 
"to go back to old facebook status updates: on the top left menu, click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on "
walked 10 blocks in the rain to pick up some stuff    and forgot to get milk 
loves her life group  smile 
"did it again- got up early, waited for the bus in the freezing cold     and class is canceled "
cannot stop coughing!!!
"alright wednesday, impress me "
"accomplished a lot today, and is now relaxing with a cup of homemade hot chocolate and a movie  smile "
"sometimes there's so much beauty in the world i feel like i can't take it, like my heart's going to cave in "
boo!
"i could be brown, i could be blue, i could be <propfemale> sky   "
is content 
is making homemade acorn squash soup!
tuesday is my own personal monday 
it's kind of strange how we change orbit in our lives
stir fry from <propmale> for breakfast!
is a domestic goddess 
time to eat breakfast and pack a lunch? what a lovely morning!
"remember, remember, the 5th of november   "
"had a presentation and an exam right in a row, has been up since 4 smile 0am, time for a nap!"
ahhh that was a lovely friday  smile 
wishes the grocery <propfemale> would come 
"i had a really good facebook status in my head earlier today, but now i've forgotten it   "
's downstairs neighbor is playing the <propfirst> de lune     so lovely  smile 
is going out for dinner with auntie cougar!!
should probably be writing the paper that's due tomorrow   but is watching a movie instead 
", sadly, views life through the lens of possible facebook statuses "
1 year ago i met the guy i'm crazy about  laugh 
is going on a date tonight  laugh 
   take every thought captive   
likes having a downstairs neighbor who plays piano    but not so much when he's practicing scales for 45 minutes straight 
loves her boyfriend  smile 
is all set at alterra with a <propfemale> flavored italian soda and a good playlist    time to get this speech written!
"praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ, the father of compassion and the god of all comfort, who comforts us in all our troubles   "
so    new <propfemale>  what's the consensus?
has bagpipes playing with her worship team this weekend- how cool is that??
"is in kind of a bad mood, and the tantrum-throwing child upstairs is not helping matters "
is heading over to auntie cougar's to puppysit!
oh my gosh it's snowing 
is so very tired    and yet tempted to watch a movie rather than sleep   
had a spectacular lunch of sushi and amazing conversation with her good friend <propfemale> louw!
went to the moving pictures with her gentleman caller 
thanksgiving with the mam fam today!
so happy together      laugh 
is completely broke until further notice  annoyed 
december already    i can't believe it 
should probably get ready for class instead of having a dance party   
"rejoice not over me, o my enemy; when i fall, i shall rise; when i sit in darkness, the lord will be a light to me "
"my help comes from the lord, who made heaven and earth  he will not let your foot be moved; he who keeps you will not slumber "
is the proud owner of $4 
's downstairs neighbor is pounding on the piano and singing opera    wow 
is discouraged 
"wow, thanks a lot, party of 12, for your generous 9% tip  thanks to you i will probably starve to death "
is blessed beyond measure   smile 
suddenly remembered the 6 <propfemale> paper due tomorrow    holy crap 
taco <propfemale> at 10:15 am? don't mind if i do!
no class for me today! i think i will make some french fries in celebration 
"had a great time tonight with <propmale> rust, <propfirst> m  rust, <propfemale> krueger, and <propfirst> krueger! and has a belly full of yummy pork tenderloin and cake  smile "
despises this weather  can't wait to go stand at the bus stop 
"loves having those loud, accidental solos at choir rehearsal "
"http annoyed  www facebook com chasecommunitygiving - everyone go vote for heritage christian schools (milwaukee, wi)!!!"
is celebrating one year with the man she loves!!   laugh 
"dear person on the bus with the black plague: for the love of all things holy, cover your mouth!!! we sympathize, but we do not want to share your dismal fate "
"urgent facebook update: as of today, facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets  to turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals  click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of facebook from eating your beloved children and pets  copy this to your status to warn your friends!"
"dear extremely annoying loud indian men next door: i wish i had a cannon with which to blast a hole through the wall, through which to frown and shake my fist at you "
dear people who make fun of me for wearing tights under my pants: i'm warmer than you 
dear insomnia: please leave me alone!!! i am starting to look like gollum!
wonders why her kitchen smells like a rotting carcass 
slept until 1:15 today  apparently i was tired 
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas!    the day after 
"just discovered yma sumac  wow, what a voice!!"
my building has the most terrifying fire alarm imaginable  i discovered this at 4:15 this morning    a big high five to whoever burnt their pan of food 
everyone is pregnant    must be something in the water 
hates hates hates insomnia 
listening to nickel creek and cleaning the apartment with maja  feels good  smile 
just realized she hasn't eaten in 27 hours  whoops 
our beautiful <propfemale> is gone  we love you and will miss you 
   on earth as it is in heaven 
has a plan: let's detonate some bombs placed strategically about the earth's core to change the planet's axis and make it summer forever in wisconsin! who's with me??
"according to the bank, my last name is hamerow    nice "
"all things go, all things go"
is in a <propfemale> austen kind of mood  *swoon*
oh the tangled web i weave    when i don't brush my hair 
cannot master quantum physics in two days  who knew?
textbook prices make me lose faith in mankind 
it's doppelgänger week  during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like and post this to your profile 
"i was at work and a song with a beat came on, so i saw <propfemale> across the restaurant and did a little dance for her    but she didn't see me    all the people eating in the restaurant did, though   "
is missing the lost season 6 premiere tonight because of work    and that is the sound of my heart breaking   sad 
i smell pickles   
"tortilla soup, roast potato wedges, and fresh bread    all homemade! tis a good night "
what the heck facebook! stop changing! this is ridiculous!
feels a bit like a can of soda!
"is out of black clothes for work    no time to do laundry, no money to buy new ones    maybe i'll just color in some shirts with a sharpie "
"i don't care who wins the super bowl, i'm just excited for the food "
must   finish   reading    zzzzzz
oh  shoot  the weekend's over 
fell asleep in every class today  is there some kind of prize for this?
"3 hours of sleep, yeah!"
is interested to watch the status updates polarize into cheesy and bitter as <propfirst>'s day approaches 
"has a really sweet mama- got a valentines box in the mail from her with swedish fish, gum, triple strength melatonin, and <propfirst> saying \have a dreamy day!\"""""
"i had a dream that someone was biting my cheek and it really hurt, and woke up with two huge scratches down the side of my face  what the heck "
"i just realized that my basement is a nuclear fallout shelter  armageddon, bring it on "
"let us be grateful for receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, and thus let us offer to god acceptable worship, with reverence and awe, for our god is a consuming fire "
the lord of hosts is with us; the god of <propmale> is our fortress 
$35 parking ticket  having a car on the east side sucks!!!  sad 
just hid farmville updates from her news feed  *hallelujah chorus*
"\who watches the watchmen?\"" well unfortunately i did  what a dumb waste of 3 hours of my life """
is watching figure skating    that guy totally stole my moves from the petit center!
"hasn't been warm since september  come on, spring!"
"judge me if you will, but i think prairie home companion is fabulous!"
time to get cozy with my bio sci book    *cue <propmale> white*
toooooo much cookie dough *groan*
and i think to myself    what a wonderful world  smile 
"apparently someone's following me on twitter  1) i'm kind of creeped out, 2) i don't even know how to use twitter, 3) i am ashamed to admit i even have a twitter account, i just wanted to get updates from conan o'brien!"
there is a girl sitting by me in the union and her hair is way too close to my face 
"lakefront brewery tour, hurrah!"
just bought opening night tickets for <propfemale> in wonderland!!! so freakin excited!
's anatomy professor seems to have an inexhaustible supply of bow ties 
thinks it is so attractive when guys wear their pants down around mid-butt               not 
would someone please just knock me out with a crowbar?
"ok  i had a dream last night that i had a baby, and the baby was me, but as an infant  and then babyme started growing up super fast, and could talk and walk within like 3 days  i was teaching babyme manners, and my mom was babysitting while i went off to e playful lore a cave or something  bizarre "
"is escaping from facebook for a while  if you need anything, text call or email me!"
i just broke an entire bottle of vinegar on my bathroom floor  this is gonna smell great 
's day is not complete without some sort of condiment landing on her shirt 
is taking over the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
15 months  smile 
"made steak, butter rolls, and <propfemale> garlic smashed potatoes for dinner  yum  smile "
"kiss me, i'm <propmale> "
"my family left for mexico 5 days ago, i haven't heard anything from them, i hope they're still alive "
unusual roadkill today    a smushed wild turkey on capitol 
rockstar energy drinks are effective  perhaps too effective    i feel like i'm in a different dimension   
has one granola bar to her name    time to go grocery shopping 
is going hiking with <propfemale> gultch at black river state <propmale>- we fully e playful ect to see <propmale> bombadil in the woods 
is overflowing with excitement and anticipation for the rest of lost!!!!! i can't stand it!!!
saved $64 03 at kohls today  mama didn't raise no fool 
"dear guy in the truck: stop looking at me  i am not impressed by your gas- guzzling monstrosity, your steroid-induced biceps, your 80s style reflective shades, or your brain-rattling bass system  you are clearly overcompensating for something and it's not attractive "
today is going to be the best monday ever  i can feel it in my bones!
"has the best boyfriend in the world  seriously, the world  love "
can't wait for the next miley <propmale> album to come out!!!!!!!!!!
by his wounds we are healed
smells like an almond joy 
my dove chocolate cherishes the time we spend together    at least that's what the wrapper told me 
we with him to life eternal by his resurrection rise!
i hereby declare it bedtime 
makin some sketti 
"the only reason i came to class this morning was to gain class points by using my clicker to answer questions  of course, i forgot the clicker "
not <propfemale>'s boat
"dear officer price, i hope you enjoyed giving me that $30 parking ticket  i also hope you get diarrhea "
"i am so excited to sleep in, for the first time in weeks  if anyone wakes me up before 11, so help me god i will stab them in the neck with a pencil "
"here comes the sun, doo doo doo dooooo"
"tonight's shift started with a wine tasting and pizza party, and ended with a drunk guy running after me at 2am while i rode my bike home  kind of covers both ends of the spectrum "
's work ethic has evaporated along with the snow 
i would like to thank kopps from the bottom of my heart for dinner  who knew a cheeseburger could bring so much joy?
"my morning: my alarm did not go off so i woke up 45 minutes late, threw on some clothes, sprinted out the door, drove to school, paid for parking, ran into class late, all because i needed to get points with my response clicker  as i walked into class, the prof was announcing, \today we will not be using our clickers at all \"""""
i thought i smelled some delicious grilled corn on the cob today in class    turns out it was someone's feet 
a rice noodle just fell out of my hair  wuuuut?
"parking checkers should be declared terrorists! i just got another parking ticket- this time for not \properly displaying registration \"" what???!"""
"is going on a very romantic date to get a wig  for <propmale>  no, he's not balding "
"is in a nightmarishly boring class, daydreaming about making a dramatic indiana jones- style escape "
"it sounds like my professor is choking on a cactus, but she refuses to clear her throat  my ears are bleeding "
"didn't have high e playful ectations for mashed potatoes from a box and gravy from a pouch, but they were met and exceeded "
has exam-induced butterflies in her stomach  one hour and counting   
would someone please bring me some sushi? and a bloody <propfirst> while you're at it 
of course  i would only wake up with tonsils the size of grapefruits on a day that i have to sing for 5 hours 
"i feel absolutely miserable  but i have the best boyfriend- he's driving half an hour away to get my favorite soup, then coming over to watch a movie with sick old me  i love him "
you know it's time to go grocery shopping when you're eating leftover easter <propfemale> for breakfast 
time keeps on slippin' (slippin' slippin') into the future   
why be sick for only a day or two when you can be sick for a week? this is much more fun!
prospect avenue smelled bad today  really bad  kind of like a homeless man's armpit 
i just saw a video with my little brother <propfirst> mamerow wearing a bikini  i might need some massive therapy after this 
miley <propmale> music was being played at whole foods  that just seems wrong 
it's 11:20 pm and my neighbor is playing heart and soul on the piano  why??!!??!!???
"woke up with the word \vestibulocochlear\"" echoing on a loop in her head """
"just got her tax refund, booyah!!!!"
"if nachos at midnight are wrong, i don't want to be right "
is curious as to why the people who live above her let their noisy little demon child run around like a rhino at 12 smile 0am 
"is extremely tired, thanks to satan jr  upstairs who thought it'd be fun to throw a massive tantrum at 2 am "
"r-e-s-p-e-c-t, find out what it means to me!"
is rock-climbing in stilettos 
"is looking to hire a hit man to \take care\"" of her obnoxious neighbors  any leads would be appreciated """
"'s hair looks fabulous thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> plant! she needs hair models for her color class every tuesday-- and she's awesome, so sign up!"
i've got a feelin'    that tonight's gonna be a long night   
"feels like the little engine who could    i think i can, i think i can, i think i can   "
apparently it's national drive under the speed limit day 
could tell it was pentecost at church today    wow! what a service!
a 6 year chapter of my life has come to a close    i think i need a post-lost support group 
i received my aarp card in the mail today     what?
jehovah shamma- you are with me 
physics is really not my cup of tea 
it's not hard to fall when you float like a cannonball 
be still before the lord and wait patiently for him 
probably should've paid that parking ticket    pretty sure my license is suspended    so much for sticking it to the man!
"dear lexus driver, your car is more e playful ensive than mine so you must be more important than me  by all means, please cut me off! can i fan you or feed you grapes while i'm slamming on my brakes and swerving out of the way?"
has formed a pretty serious addiction to the rei outlet website 
"my physics professor says \mooshun\"" instead of \""motion\"" and i might just lose my mind as a result """
just took parallel parking to a whole new level 
"oh, my love, you came to me like wine comes to the mouth grown tired of water all the time   "
is the luckiest girl in the world  <propmale> is wonderful 
"oh yeah, tylenol pm, do your thang!"
"if this morning is any indication for how today will go, let's just skip to wednesday "
pretty sure a bunch of pterodactyls have been using my car as target practice   
it's a beautiful day to turn 30! happy birthday <propmale> rust!!
"cute, <propfemale> cheeked sunburns only happen in the movies  i look like a boiled lobster  i will use this <propmale> to extol the virtues of sunblock, which i unfortunately ignored   "
steak coma  can't feel my fingers 
"you will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you  <propmale> 26 smile "
is really happy that the brown squishy stuff on her shoe was only mud 
"ah yes, the peeling stage of sunburn  how delightful "
hot weather + chicken curry wrap from good harvest + a pretty little garden in which to enjoy it all =  laugh 
"summerfest is cool and all, but i live here and i would appreciate finding a parking spot within 3 <propmale> of my house without sitting in traffic for two hours and having stupid drunk people yell at me  extremely ticked off "
life is beautiful  smile 
wants to <propfemale> in a really awful science fiction movie 
is bleaching her cupboards and trying to keep her dinner down- bugs  all over  in our food 
thank goodness for parents with fully stocked fridges 
i have so so much to be grateful for    i am so thankful to god for all the wonderful people he has blessed me with   smile 
"but be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves  for if anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like a man who looks intently at his natural face in a mirror  for he looks at himself and goes away and at once forgets what he was like "
"just had the best lunch date ever with her <propfemale> god sister, <propfemale> louw  smile  sushi, half price books, and gaelic fumblings "
"well folks, someone stole my cell phone, so i apologize if you've been trying to get ahold of me  i don't know when i'll be able to get a new phone, so facebook it is!"
attention facebook: my birthday is in 6 days
last physics class today  *heavenly choirs*
"spending the weekend camping on washington island    i'm a little nervous, i've heard there are lots of velociraptors there "
holy smokes  what love! thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! it's been a lovely day  smile 
inception rocked my socks off 
wicked!!
just had to shower by candle light- it was fun! now i'd better eat all the ice cream before it melts   
is exhauszzzzzzzzzz   
is off to have some adventures  see you all in a few weeks!
alaska is crazy beautiful 
is ready to come home  3 more days 
"has slept only 1 hour out of the last 40, and is exhausted     but cannot fall asleep  i hate when this happens "
"if anyone would like to anonymously donate my tuition, i'd be okay with that  thanks "
doesn't need to be in seattle to be sleepless 
accidentally drank geoff jenkins' <propfemale>  he said it was ok 
"i am so grateful to have so many incredible people in my life  so, so blessed   smile "
"waiting for class to start, photo-stalking <propfemale> louw  good times "
nothing inspires me to blind rage quite as efficiently as fruit flies 
"ahh, yes, back to the good old days of missing the bus  i guess i'm walking home from work    wish i'd remembered a jacket  annoyed "
"ahh, a perfect day to repeat the tradition of watching the brewers get their butts kicked by the cardinals  annoyed "
"at some point in my sleep last night, i removed the music folder that was propping my window open and replaced it with a can of ro-tel  i have no recollection of this "
i feel like the universe gets a lot of laughs at my e playful ense 
"made $0 at work tonight  on the upside, i did find 55 cents on the floor  sa-weet "
ice cream and garlic bread: breakfast of champions 
the surest way to miss future opportunities is to ignore present ones 
there is a dead dragonfly the size of godzilla lying in the entryway to my building  gross 
"but tension is to be loved when it is like a passing note to a beautiful, beautiful chord "
pasta tree milwaukee
sometimes moms just have a sixth sense   
put on too much fragrance! my noseholes are tired of smelling it!
"\you cannot discover new oceans until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore \"""""
"i received my first letter from the little girl i sponsor in columbia  she calls me senorita mamerow, thinks <propfemale> rabbits are beautiful, and sent me kisses  i'm in love "
i love my lifegroup family  love 
it is well with my soul 
"\move the attention of your anxious heart away from the waves and direct it to the one who walks on them \"""""
"during my 3 hours of sleep last night, i woke up no less than 12 times, always terrified that either i was missing an exam, or was covered in spiders "
me: let's go to potowatomi! karen: yeah! where teeth and deodorant are optional!!
silence is <propfemale>? no  silence is a parasite 
"i am not really on my a game today  late for class, forgot to write a lab report, bombed an exam, my clothes don't match, and oh, i forgot to put on shoes so i've been at school all day in my slippers "
just finished watching a very graphic video of a live birth  adoption seems like a great option right about now 
first day of fetal pig dissection  i opened up miss piggy and she was full-- full -- of poop  gag reflex almost triggered 
is there a national convention for over-aggressive drivers taking place in milwaukee this weekend? people are driving like psychos!
sick  9 surprise 0 seems like a great bedtime 
"if i could be doing anything right now, i would want to be watching 'waiting for guffman' with <propmale> "
is trying to decide if 7 smile 0 is an acceptable bedtime   
"is tucked away safe in her bed, while visions of bacteria cultures dance through her head "
got a 'glorious' 2 hours of sleep  i need an iv drip of caffeine 
has the night off of work  thank goodness 
"whilst dissecting my feces-filled fetal pig today, i somehow got a hole in my glove and discovered at the end that my finger was covered in pig poo  i will never be able to wash my hands enough times "
only one class left  i'm so excited to go home and eat pie!
"too bad today's not halloween    i could go as a zombie, and wouldn't even need a costume "
"there's a guy in the nursing lounge who is currently trying to get my attention by taking off his sweatshirt so he's only wearing a beater, and strumming his electric guitar (why does he have an electric guitar in a study room?) while staring at me  i'm really really weirded out "
"27 dresses    no matter how many times i watch that movie, it always makes me so happy  smile "
is not really in the mood for life today 
"one sees such \interesting\"" people on the milwaukee transit system """
courage doesn't always roar  sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says i'll try again tomorrow 
"i've decided to name my children spawn, offspring, and minion "
i'm not as random as you think i salad 
started off the day with <propfemale> beauchamp and bliss lemmon boettcher    oh how i needed that  i love my friends  love 
can only study microbiology for so long before losing her ever-loving mind!!!!!!!!
all of my dreams last night took place in england in the 1800s  i wish i didn't have to wake up 
you know what i enjoy? breathing  do you ever take a few minutes to just sit and breathe? it's lovely  you should try it 
good hair day 
is finding her happy place 
"is blown away by this weather, hardy har har "
auntie em! auntie em!
has not quite mastered the <propmale> of correct ratios of water to coffee grounds  this coffee could get up and walk away it's so strong 
"a big thumbs up to our apt manager who locked our deadbolt, which i have not the means to unlock, and is now not answering his phone  guess i'll just chill in the hall for a few hours  who needs dinner anyways?"
my doggy has a tumor  sad 
"tempted to be crabby and unthankful this morning, but remembering god's grace  we have so much to be grateful for!"
i usually have a pretty good handle on not really coveting material possessions  this all goes out the window when i look at the anthropologie website 
"mid lecture, my professor bursts out with \i do believe in god  people can believe in evolution and god  it's called theistic evolution \"" and then continued on lecturing on kidney function """
"remember, remember, the 5th of november   "
excitedly pulled out her winter clothes! and then realized that most of them are very ugly 
i missed hug a tall person day! drat!!
"my christmas pudding is boiling merrily on the stove, and i have a purring <propfemale> on my lap  it's been a while since i've felt this peaceful "
has fallen prey to the vortex of youtube  curses! 1 smile 6am??!
is worth 10 goats 
"oh, coffee, how do i love thee? let me count the ways   "
spent the last 8 minutes e playful laining kidney functions to a cat 
starting the day off with garlic chive onion cream cheese  this might destroy some friendships 
can't wait to start christmas shopping!    not 
"don't let your heart get heavy, child, inside you there's a strength that lies "
accidentally came to school an hour early  weird 
"a pack of hot sauce at taco <propfemale> just asked me to marry it  \sorry, taco <propfemale> sauce  i prefer brunettes "
"my tone deaf dad is currently watching an infomercial for the woodstock collection cds, and singing along (terribly) with every song  this is the best thing i've seen all week "
halfway through dinner there was a random outbreak of chinese accents around the table  and my grandpa definitely just hit on me 
"well, folks, thanksgiving is over- but let's not forget to be thankful the other 364 days "
blinked and november was gone 
"i refuse to accept that it is snowing  instead, i choose to believe that fluffy mashed potatoes are falling from the sky "
"according to selye's general adaptation syndrome theory of stress, a person can deal with a cumulative stress score of about 500 before succumbing to stress and eventually dying  my stress score is 948  shoot "
"“in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life  it goes on \~ <propfirst> frost"""
12 surprise 7am    and the teletubbies theme song is stuck in my head 
making wine labels for my daddy  and in return he is feeding me filet <propfemale> and <propmale> & <propfirst>'s! seems like a pretty fair trade 
"today's diet consisted of 85% chocolate  thank you, st <propmale>  smile "
"i am really blessed by the people around me- people who support me and listen to me, who roll up their sleeves and help me muddle through crummy times, who help me when all i have to eat is cottage cheese until my next paycheck, who laugh with me and not at me and my eccentricities  i love you, friends  smile "
the people upstairs got a treadmill  fabulous 
one of the things i love about the holiday season is the abundance of truly awful made-for-tv christmas movies 
i've had bad romance stuck in my head for a week straight  will someone please put me out of my misery???!
"well, i didn't get any tables at work  but i did get a parking ticket!    so, i paid $22 to go to work tonight "
thinks we should find the name and address of every parking ticket officer and blacklist them from anything that would bring them joy 
going to see the nutcracker!
christmas dinner+ white elephant gift exchange+ brownie bake-off  i didn't know my body even had this many endorphins!
"is a hot mess  but, my last exam is today, so maybe tomorrow i can look a little less like a homeless person!"
scientists recently discovered the ten millionth digit of pi  i am so cool for knowing this 
"i guess it wouldn't be christmas without my dog eating the entire cheesecake i made  <propfemale> christmas, doggy  i think you'll end up regretting it "
"tron was awesome  after watching actor <propmale> hedlund for two hours, my sister said, \what the heck! why don't beautiful people live by us??!\"""""
watching pride & prejudice for the 47 millionth time 
who's doing the polar bear plunge with me on saturday??
"man, good thing the people upstairs have a treadmill to use for these impulsive 10 smile 0 pm workout sessions  *loading shotgun*"
please pray  my aunt is in the hospital in critical condition- she cracked her skull and they can't stop the internal bleeding  she has a 5% <propmale> of survival 
"oh, the packers played today? huh "
"what a beautiful service for <propfemale> tonight  she was an incredible, giving, vivacious woman, and will be missed by all who knew her  we were blessed to have her in our family "
"the words \i've gotten so good at parallel parking!\"" were just leaving my lips as i backed into a light pole """
is singing for a wedding  in a cathedral  holy acoustics!!
thinks that perhaps this snow contains a neurotoxin that specifically targets and degrades peoples' abilities to drive  seriously 
"it would appear that within the next few days, i will be forced to upgrade to the new profile against my will  curses! my rebellion has been in vain!!!"
"i was watching house m d , and i diagnosed one of the patients before house did  i'm a genius!!!!!!!!!"
my evening consisted of two movies: eclipse and dinner for schmucks  aka my evening was wasted 
god will take us where we did not intend to go in order to produce in us what we cannot achieve in our own 
ikea= <propfemale> of all things wonderful
is glad to have one more completely unproductive day before classes start back up 
*obligatory packers status*
2:53 left  i'm having heart palpatations 
dear bears fans: i have some tissues you can borrow  suckas!
hiding in the bathroom during the most awkward date ever  somebody save me 
"according to a lifestyle quiz i took in gerontology, i will live to be 108  i don't know if this is good or not   "
fun fact: cows given bovine growth hormone and then overmilked develop some pretty nasty infections on their udders    which leads to a 5-8% pus content in their milk  i think i'll stick to organic milk from now on 
met <propmale> counsell  *hyperventilating*
celebrating my dad's birthday by watching bad movies and eating mcdonalds  party on 
"is absolutely addicted to criminal minds  from here on out, i will refer to anyone i don't know as \the unsub \"""""
"bring it on, wisconsin! i have snow tires!"
"snowed in with my family- omelettes, movies, and bed hair  if we get snowed in again tomorrow, i'd be okay with that!"
extreme makeover: bedroom edition begins today!
this uncomfortable moment brought to you by the milwaukee public bus system 
wishes that steelers player would get the dead animal off his face 
"gee, i had no clue the black eyed peas would sing that song   "
*<propfirst> jump*
"you know you're a nursing student when terms like \fecal impaction\"" become part of your daily vocabulary """
the busload of jr high girls i'm on is singing journey songs  une playful ected 
you know you're from wisconsin when 35 degree weather makes you want to hit the beach 
"i'm standing in line at the bank, and the man in front of me is sucking on his dentures  yuck!"
is procrastinating very successfully 
doesn't like the couple sitting with their water glasses 45 minutes after we closed  i want to chop their table in half with an ax 
"not to toot my own horn, but i got a 110% on my organic chem exam  toot toot "
sipping a <propfemale> manhattan with my dad  i think it's an acquired taste because this is nasty 
dear the grind: your one purpose on campus is to make coffee  it's not all that difficult  and yet this tastes like paint thinner 
"while perusing craigslist's missed connections today for fun, i saw a post about a blonde downtown server named <propfemale>   could it be??!!"
has a sudden longing to possess gel pens  remember those?
"according to my calculations, i should be consuming 347,480 calories per day  my math might be a little off "
"sorry to everyone who got weird emails from me! yes, i was hacked  no, i do not sell viagra "
my joy at my new hair cut and color is uncontainable 
"white peony tea, florentine egg sandwich, and honeydew melon at alterra  this would be perfect if i wasn't here to write a paper   "
1am    i managed to blow a fuse and now none of my lights work  guess it's time for bed 
strange encounter at the bus stop: a kind of weird guy told me he hopes i make it alive to my destination  does he know something i don't?
is enjoying banishing people from her news feed way too much 
"lemon tree, very pretty, and the lemon flower is sweet; but the fruit of the poor lemon is impossible to eat "
"adventure in tofu, part 1: stirfry  delicious success!"
"i've tried everything but cannot fall asleep  clearly, there is only one option left: ice cream "
definitely forgot to set my clock ahead despite numerous reminders    so much for church today  annoyed 
"i think i watch too much criminal minds- i try to profile everyone i see, and i have resigned myself to the certainty that i will inevitably be murdered by a psychopath "
"just fell asleep in class at least 12 times  my notes are a weird hybrid of class material, squiggles drawn as i fell asleep, and words having to do with whatever i started dreaming about "
peanut butter attack ice cream-- i just e playful erienced a whole new spectrum of emotion  whoa 
"just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly "
accepted into clinicals!!!!!
life is short but sweet for certain   
breakfast at waffle house  probably a bad idea 
relaxing in beautiful louisville  maybe i'll just stay here   
is enjoying the beautiful morning in nashville!
atlanta? don't mind if i do!
"at <propfemale>'s beach on islamorada, blinding people with my vampire-like paleness "
sounds like a pretty dreary day in wisconsin   wish i could relate but instead i went snorkeling off of key largo 
"relaxing in <propfemale>, <propfemale>; sipping some swayt tay   "
blindly followed the gps    to a trailer park in the back woods of s  <propfemale> 
13 hours of driving= 13 hours of karaoke! home again  smile 
this research paper is devouring my soul 
rip <propmale> ford
is in the market for a hot pink stethoscope 
i love my church 
my brain refuses to turn on today 
"just drank a neuro bliss beverage    i will be getting either cancer or superpowers, i think "
fell asleep and missed class  fail 
"in a moment of blind terror, i lost all ability to reason and agreed to go out for dinner with an old-ish kind of yucky guy! he has my number! somebody save me!!!!"
<propfirst> driver is at charro  his teeth are just as shiny in person!
my rather crummy night at work was redeemed by a surprise appearance by the ever-enthralling <propfirst> s  schultz! oh the memories 
gardening barefoot with my mom  i wish today would never end 
migraine monday 
"pan-seared mahi mahi topped with a garlic lemon butter, roasted baby potatoes and a glass of chardonnay  take that, monday!"
86 pages of notes to learn before 9 smile 0am    yay 
is having a hard time reading about necrotic ulcers while eating breakfast 
"all day long i struggled to stay awake- but now that i'm in bed, i'm not the least bit sleepy  dang it all!"
a little bit in love with <propfirst> <propmale>   
"nyquil, take me away!"
apparently all the emissions testing stations are closed today  i'm so glad i drove to three separate ones before finding that out 
if i were a vegetable i think i would be asparagus 
"“why do you seek the living among the dead? he is not here, but has risen \ oh what a savior we have   """
i drank a lot of grape juice and my teeth turned purple  i guess this makes up for not dyeing any easter eggs this year 
"holy smokes, i have 8 followers on twitter! hello, fame!"
godfather 2 is too dang long  i'm going to bed 
home sweet home
"i thought it was impossible to have too much sushi  \i was wrong "
national <propfemale> pong tourney on tv- these guy are way too intense 
"and so, i'll be found, my stake stuck in this ground- marking the territory of this newly impassioned soul   "
work dinner at trocadero  big fan!
"   actually, obama did not kill osama bin laden  some kickbutt navy seals did it "
i would like a pet chinchilla  they seem quite fluffy and smooshy 
work  class death by biochem  work again  what a fun day i have ahead of me 
