9772700844c262b34918a332116ad3ea
is ready for more money 
is happy that the lakers won tonights game 
is cooking   
is eating ice cream from cold stone 
feels like crying right about now    
is thinking   
can't believe that <propfirst> <propmale> died today of an heart attack   o wow 
is spending time with her mother on her 41st birthday 
dyed her hair light red and now she is ready to get it styled 
"both of my phones are broken, so just leave me a voice message or contact me on the internet and i will find a way to contact you back "
is packing 
is starving              
is still packing   
: my cellphone is fixed    yay!!
is watching transformers 2 
is texting and chillen with the new roommate   
is very upset 
is on the phone    
is watching <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>   
: man i swear   niggas ain't shit these days  they are going to end up being by themselves until they are old and fucking crusty 
is getting ready for bed 
is mad that the cable in the dorm keeps going off    ugh 
is in the library typing up her four <propfemale> paper 
is still typing her four <propfemale> paper   she is getting very very sleepy and hungry 
im done with my work   yay!!!
: and they wonder why they can't find the right person for them   they always push the right ones away 
can't wait to leave <propmale> on wednesday 
is eating some nasty ass dominio's pizza and cinnamon sticks  she wish she went to papa johns or pizza hut 
can't sleep 
"is working on her twelve <propfemale> papers, that is due tomorrow at 9 smile 0 am "
has two in a half more days left in jackson   yay!!
? is packing 
? is craving for some glazed krispy kreme donuts and a vanilla shake 
is at home 
"is leaving her past behind in mississippi and <propfemale>  unfortunately, he was only in the past and present  he never did make it to the future but she will always have feeling for him and care about him  she is out with the old and in with the new  its <propmale>"
is too much of a woman to have less of man as her boyfriend 
is getting ready for bed and maybe go to ihop in the morning   yum!!
: ihop was so nasty   ugh 
: im mad that <propfemale> <propfirst> and eminem are dissing each other in their songs   like total disrespect 
: shut up <propfirst>!!!
wants a blizzard from dairy <propfemale> 
doesn't feel good 
has spent over $600 00 today in the mall   she won't be doing anymore shopping for a week 
is helping her little sister pack for her first year in college 
is thinking if she should perm her hair now or later on tomorrow?
is bored 
has 11 more days in georgia   yayy!!
just woke up from a nap 
is at her grandmother's house 
is about to cook herself a big breakfast 
is moving on 
just finished watching my sisters keeper  that movie was good and sad   maybe i will watch it again tomorrow 
and her family are moving out of their house in villa rica tonight 
hates moving   
is chilling with <propfemale> 
: lol man   last night was sooo fucking wild but i still had fun tho  i wonder whats going to happen tonight 
is getting bored 
the last two nights was very interesting and fun like   i wish that it really meant something tho but i guess not  today kinda sucked tho   it was all his fault but whatever 
"has 4 more days left to be in <propfemale>, then she's off for school  man   she is really going to miss her crew "
free my mother!!!
just got home and is ready to watch the real <propmale> of love at 2 smile 0   she hopes that she won't fall asleep 
is feeding <propfemale> and watching <propfirst> springer with my sisters 
is getting bored and hungry 
has a huge headache 
is chilled 
"is sick with a cold, sleepy, hungry for some breakfast, and thinking about \him\"" """
is getting ready for bed 
"just got back to the hotel  we got rained on and almost fought some dumb bitch in the walgreens   other than that, today was a great day  im coming home tomorrow "
just got home   
is going back to sleep 
is about to download bejeweled and finish eating my noodles 
is getting a little bored and hungry 
just got home and about to cook some spaghetti 
is about to get dressed for tonight 
is on the phone 
texting the silly dude and talking on the phone again   man!! im so freckn hungry 
"is chilled with jamarey and joyceyln, eating wings, and texting "
im never drinking again!!! i have a freckn headache and im dizzy as hell 
man!!! my head still hurts   where is the aleve when you need it 
is about to go to the mall and walmart 
"is very bored right now but all of a sudden, she started thinking about everything that happened to her this summer -sigh- "
why do bad things happen to the good people and good things happen to bad the people?
why do bad things happen to the good people and good things happen to the bad people?
is bored 
is tired of these seasonal relationships  she is ready to settle down with that special someone but why is it so freckn hard? she is not getting any younger  they say that things like this takes time but how much longer does she have to wait? everybody is not meant to be single -the strange old man said-   whatever 
is going back to sleep   later 
"some people just do some fucked up shit   aren't you tired of being below greatest?? i mean, you do the same shit every fucking day but you are still remaining in the same damn spot   do something better with your fucking life but right now, im not going to say shit else   or ima really start snapping on that ass, like seriously  this status is dismissed "
is about to go to sleep => so goodnight facebook 
=>brb facebook 
is about to leave to go to her last class of today   thank god 
cross your fingers because i might be having a job real soon   like hopefully tomorrow or sunday 
just seen the space shuttle in the sky  the astronauts are heading to the moon   totally wicked awesome 
is about to leave for the movies 
just finished eating a ceaser salad and vanilla milkshake from mc donalds  -yum-
final destination was a good movie but i hate that it was in 3d  man   im so freckn' dizzy 
just came back from church 
"is starting over  she is going to be more focused on her future and less about the past  also, she is going to change some of things she does and make better decisions in life  {welcome to the new beginning} i feel good already "
just finished eating some quiznos   baha chicken -yum-
is chilled with <propfirst> and joyceyln 
just finished her homework   so easy  i hope my homework will always be like this lol 
goodmorning facebook 
"i am so tired but luckily, i only have one more class to go to at 4:10 pm- 5:10 pm  no class tomorrow   yay!!!"
i hate thunderstorms 
just woke up 
everyone and everything that shows up in our life is a reflection of something that is happening inside of us                                   -<propmale> cohen-
is bored 
is tired of being nice to people 
is on the phone 
class at 4:20   so bored 
enjoyed her evening out with the girls 
is watching the house of pain   so extremely bored lol 
is bored for now 
just got home from the mall 
is doing homework lol 
is getting ready to perm her hair 
im listening to music and doing my hair 
hopes it stops raining 
is getting ready for the football game 
is listening to music and reading quoteable quotes 
is watching tv 
is thinking 
"today was so boring   now im in bed and i can't go to sleep (i've tried)  luckily, i only have one class tomorrow at 4:20 pm "
just got home from the quad 
"has a lot on her mind right now and she really wants to talk to this person about it, because he is the only one with the answers   besides god  -sigh-"
is about to get in the shower   brb 
im back 
"well im getting tired, my evening was wonderful but im mad that it had to end (for now)   so i guess i will call it a night before my damn godbrother wake me up for breakfast at 7 am   so not cool lol "
today is a lucky day 
at the house eating some popeyes chicken and boy this chicken is hard as hell  i should have went to churchs lol 
no joyceyln lol j k 
just got out of the shower 
is watching tv 
"bitch, keep me and my sister fucking name out of your damn mouth  you dont know what the hell you are talking about and what the fuck is going on  if you really bout your shit, then come see bout me because im sick of this little shit  your ass aint bout shit any muthafucking way  trust me baby   you have met your fucking battle  keep fucking with it  im done  anymore i gots to say, imma say it to that ass "
laughing my muthafucking ass off at these hoes 
fuck them hoes   im happy now  smile 
i cant sleep 
is about to sing and dance herself to sleep   but i doubt that will help  i think im going to go take a walk around the quiet neighborhood for a while lol 
is doing her homework 
is at the house jamin 
"<propfemale> riley   imma need you to play something everybody likes  girl, we dont know them songs you playing lol "
i was a little upset that the event at the performing arts center was cancelled  lol i was excited about going  so now im back at the house   getting ready to eat some spaghetti 
is reading and writing 
is finally done with all of her homework 
is watching lil <propmale> on tv   afterwards the housewives of atlanta 
just got out of the shower 
is getting ready to go to bed 
is in the library 
lol we got rained on again   so not cool 
they shooting out here!!!
the ambulance and police are out here  someone is really hurt 
its funny how i thought that everything would change but unfortunately   it all seems to be the same  unless i am proved wrong  (today was still a good day) 
"its funny how a tries to get to b, but it seems like b isn't noticing a or b is trying to push a away   maybe b is just way too busy for a  who knows?"
is getting ready to eat some spaghetti 
this old lady in my house is crazy 
is in her room   bored as heck 
is having stomach pains 
just came home from dance practice 
finished her homework and now she is bored   for right now 
watching vh1 
the neighbors house is on fire!!!!!
doesn't feel good 
is watching dream girls with <propfemale> 
class at 4:20pm and maybe the gym later   today is going to be a very long day (oh my) 
"i found a dollar on the sidewalk, on my way home   lol today is my lucky day "
is going to the gym around 6 smile 0 or 7pm 
"the world today is hungry not only for bread but hungry for love; hungry to be wanted, to be loved "
"is patiently waiting    waiting for everything to fall into its \right\"" place """
chilled with the girls 
just left the library 
is listening to some <propfirst> valentino and about to start on my homework   smile 
is watching the game and doing hella homework 
"more homework, open-mic, dinner, and    idk whats going to happen after that "
open mic was cool and now im home with the girls 
its finally my birthday!!!
"math homework, going to the bash, and   "
oh no   don't get it twisted  my birthday isn't over until the weekend  im just getting started lol 
is about to get in the shower   brb!!
is out the shower and in the bed   i guess i will watch some tv for a little while  night facebook!!
don't forget about the dinner on saturday!!! => this is going to be a lonely weekend   ima have the whole house to myself  smile 
back from walmart 
im about to clean up my room real quick!!
is listening to some slow jams   
it be the shit like this   that be pissing me off 
is warming up some left-over food and continue my online shopping  smile 
is watching i can do bad all by myself 
is watching the cowboys vs  the giants game and listening to music   alittle bored at the moment 
them damn giants won   that sucks  sad 
chilled with the girls 
hello facebook  im going back to sleep   class at 11:40am  smile 
is about to go get something to eat    starving   brb!!
doesn't feel good 
miami better win tonight!!!
wtf man   like are you serious?? miami just freakn lost!!!!
is watching are you smarter than a 5th grader 
class at 4:20   im so thinking about not going  sad 
nothing is predestined; the obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings 
im so freakn mad right now    god please help me!!!
"live the dream! everything happens for a reason! luck and fate are the same thing, it just depends on how you look at life!"
"true love is the person that loves you because you are you, not the male or female next to you   so never think that you have to change to find him her!!! the man woman of your dreams will love you because of who you are "
another bad day!!
"once i have my mind set to something, i stick to it   nothing less "
is ready for all of this stress to be over with  i hope that everything tonight at this meeting goes well   wish us luck!!
"-nothing makes fucking sense anymore- im tired as hell of lies, broken promises, niggas smiling in my damn face, and bitches talking shit  lord knows im so mad   too mad at that "
on skype!!
in the lab   bored 
in the llc 
back from the llc 
on the phone 
man wtf!! this he-she in my fucking room smells so fucking bad!! like omg   i never smelled or seen anything so awful in my freakn life!! lord knows i cant wait until they move my ass again on tuesday   damn!!
"you know what   this is another lesson learned  im not even going to put it on facebook but i am tired of going through this same shit with people   lord knows im tired, especially tired of fucking trying  ugh!!! this weekend has been nothing but awful for me  i hope next week is better!!"
"im putting the past behind me, as of right now and stay more focused on my future   forget the ones that don't really matter or never matter to me anymore  im going to be alright and im going to remain happy no matter what  smile "
is doing homework 
its the weekend!! im getting the hair done tomorrow morning and going out!!! so excited lol!!
lol i guess 
in the llc lab 
"its funny how things just instantly change within a short period of time but hey, i look at it as if god was testing me again "
<propmale> at 3 surprise 0 pm 
is back in daytona beach  smile 
is in the llc lab singing to some jams   oooooooooooooooo yeah!!
is bored 
i need some attention   if you know what i mean  its about that time to get it in lol j k 
is about to call it a night   this nigga pissed me off and i do have some regrets  im going to church in the am and hopefully get the hair done   i look a hot mess  sad 
"well   idk what else to say about this situation but i am glad that i have great friends, who give good advice  idk what i would do without them   thanks  smile  goodnight facebook!!!"
is doing some homework in the study room  smile 
"im tired of trying to tell people how i feel   i mean, whats the point? im not being heard and it seems like i am wasting my time  i thought it was worth it   is it? i dont think you truely understand where i am coming from  sad  but at least im trying  can i get credit for that   at least?"
whats the difference between conditional and real love??
g0ing t0 bed  breakfast at 8 am and m0ving at 9 smile 0 am   t00dles!!
is listening to love you gently by usher   
in my room   thinking    
all my homework is finally complete ?
and the truth shall set you free!! ?
"well i kn0w that i w0nt be g0ing t0 sleep anytime s00n, s0 i guess i will watch a m0vie and text until my eyes cl0se!! g00dnight faceb00k ?"
my day is g0ing great s0 far   my 9:10 class is cancelled 
today must be my lucky day   both of my classes are cancelled and i get paid later; cool beans!!
back in the llc ?
just woke up from a two hour nap   im feeling great ?
i had tons of fun tonight   i wish it could have lasted alittle longer but there's always the weekend ?
g0ing t0 bed  breakfast at 8 surprise 0 am   g00dnight faceb00k!! ?
about to eat lunch and go back to sleep  class at 4:20  sad 
battle of the sexes tonight at 9pm   after that   idk 
in the study room 
is in the study room   not feeling good at all  sad 
m0rning faceb00k!! 0ff t0 class!! ttyl!!
"i am g0ing t0 keep my head up high like n0things wr0ng!! whatever is wr0ng, idk the answers t0 and pr0lly never will, s0 fuck it   i guess!!"
<propmale> songz ?!
about to order a pizza   i dont feel good 
is about to take a shower and head to the computer lab  smile 
is in the computer lab   bored 
my eyes are getting heavy  i dont think i can stay up any longer to finish my movie  im about to eat a quick snack and go back to sleep  bye facebook  smile 
waiting on papa <propfirst>'s 
"in my room singing, rapping, and dancing   so bored  smile "
love is blind ? -<propfemale>-
g00dm0rning faceb00k!!!
dang!! im mad that i dr0pped my ph0ne   n0w i have t0 0rder a new 0ne!!
i had a g00d day  practice at 4pm ?
i think i f0und my l0ng l0st c0usins ?!
"omg, its her!!! i finally found my long lost cousin!!! so excited!!"
is eating a chicken pot pie   yummy!!
is chilled ?!
i can't sleep and someone keeps calling my phone back to back   its really starting to get on my nerves 
is not having a good day 
i feel like      (you already know lol j k) but i do have some stress that needs to be released 
im really getting tired of people lying to me and making up hella excuses for no reason 
if this slut bucket dont stop stealing my shit   then ima beat his ass lol 
on my way to the lab ?
is bored ?
in the library    in a <propmale> hurry to complete my homework and project  ugh!!!
im almost done with my homework   
in the lab   extra bored 
g0d first ?
never judge a book by its cover 
im about to go take a walk   i dont feel good  sad 
just waking up for the first time today 
me and the crew are going out for food and come back to play the wii 
? skype: abby-1989
about to watch mulan 
"tonight i finally realized that i have made a stupid decision but i don't regret anything  it was just another test  i knew all along what was going on but i didn't want to see it  lesson learned: you can't make someone like, love, or want to be with you  if it happens, then it happens  if it don't, then it don't  you can't change someone  i am well prepared for the next and hopefully the next time won't be a test "
im ready for the next test   so prepared - ? -
im thinking about        ?
im bored ?!
ugh!!! i can't sleep!!!! ?
so misunderstood ?
is having a bad day!!
is going to take a walk   brb ?
"i wonder> from the time you met me, how many times have you actually lied to me?"
"do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions   all life is an e playful eriment   the more e playful eriments you make, the better   what if they are a little course, and you may get your coat soiled or torn?  what if you do fail, and get fairly rolled in the dirt once or twice   up again, you should never be so afraid of a tumble "
in the lab 
never e playful ect the une playful ected 
<< the sweetest girl ever ?
"all i do is pray, pray that my questions get answered, and to pray that my life gets better for the good   i hope it does  sad "
hoping for a miracle    but ima keep praying  i have to keep my head up high with a positive attitude  smile  >>> my day starts   now 
">> is it too late to apologize? there is no need for the both of us to act ignorant towards one another  i think im going to apologize to you and be the bigger person in this situation   >>im sorry<< maybe you not wanting to talk things out is a bad idea but im going to pray about it and hope that things will work out   >> we should forgive but never forget   hopefully, there won't be any regrets either "
im about to watch snow white and the seven dwarfs ?
sailor <propfemale> ?
"life's a bitch!! life isn't fair, but all you have to do is pray about it!"
"i had fun with <propmale> tonight  i hope i can make it to church in the morning   lord knows i need to be there, but as of right now, i think im to chill until i fall asleep ?"
im vibin!! ?
man!! i am so freaking hungry!! lol!!!
n0 regrets 
"you cannot be everyone's best friend  in fact, you can't even e playful ect everyone to like you  so today, stop putting so much effort into pleasing someone who clearly cannot be pleased, at least by you  you two are just not compatible, and there's nothing wrong with that  if everyone liked everyone, the world would be a very boring place  be grateful for your friends and stop worrying about the ones you don't have "
"get clear about what you see  just because illusions aren't real doesn't mean they're not powerful  to get the motivation you need right now, picture your success  imagine what your life will be like once you have reached that summit  visualize the future, and be sure to picture a beautiful one! sometimes your subconscious needs your conscious mind to provide it with a map "
i can't sleep  i have a lot on my mind   i think i miss {} 
on skype ?
online shopping and cooking ?
krispy kreme ?
"online shopping ?; i need to be looking for a job, apartment, and finish filling out these transfer papers for these colleges "
is mad at <propfirst>  sad 
is listening to the <propmale> songz album ?
in the study room 
"hmm    this night was very odd  well, i have class at 9:10 am, so i guess i need to go to bed  night facebook "
its about time   cookman finally got the internet to work 
i feel like crying but i have to keep my head up  my tears aren't going to help me solve any of my problems ?
"is in the study room, bored as heck!!"
vibin!!
-> im on the phone with my little sister  lord knows i miss so much ?
-----> is bored ?
<-- is thinking 
"why does everyone always want what they can't have? envy comes easily to you, especially where material possessions are involved  you can't help but take it personally when someone else has a stroke of luck at your e playful ense  don't worry there is enough to go around  you will get your <propmale>, you have to be patient  try to focus on something else until you've cleared your mind of negative feelings "
? my other phone is back on   yay lol!!!
<--eating ice cream   yum!
"--> if only people could just get along   the world would be so much better, i swear  i hope that my home gets better and the people at school (in general)  times are hard but dont make it worse than what it is by having your nasty ways and treating people bad  you wonder why a lot of good things dont happen to you  i think you should change that huh?"
im almost finish with this paper for my debate   so bored  sad  and maybe a little hungry 
hmm   do i really want to go to my biology class at 12:50? i really don't want to  the class is so freaking boring  sad 
"my back is really sore but besides that, i had a really good day  smile "
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!
i can't wait to take these braids out of my head   ugh!! the one thing i hate the most is when someone constantly lies to me  he lost all cool points from me 
i just finished packing but i am so ready to go home   i want to forget about bcu and its people for a couple of days 
my mother finally bought me a new phone   yay!!
"aw man, im mad that i can't fit into my skirt but i just bought it yesterday  maybe i should lose the weight in my stomach or buy a bigger size   hmm "
"? im packing, getting ready for my long trip back to <propfemale>  i thank god that this break has finally come  i really need it "
? im home!!!
is about to prep this food for tomorrow  smile  i cant wait!!!
"lol as much as i dislike being at cookman, i really do miss my cookman family  -this week is going by so fast   next thing you know, we will be back at boring cookman  sad "
ugh!! im still cooking!!
happy thanksgiving!!!
black friday!!!
"will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!! seriously! copy and paste and put on your status "
lol ha ha i guess   idk what to say about that but im going to keep my business to myself 
<-- taking my braids out!!
<-- leaving <propfemale> at 5 smile 0 in the morning  sad 
this damn girl just walked in on me while i was using the bathroom!!! don't people ever knock   i mean like seriously!!
dudes are stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!
the saints better win this game!!!
ugh!! im still taking these braids out!! my hands and arms are getting tired lol!!
touchdown!!!
"yay, the saints won   !!!!  smile "
"lol tehehehehe, what a night  out the shower  eat a chicken pot pie  watch the little mermaid  off to sleep   sweet dreams facebook "
"getting my homework and tests done  later, order some papa johns   yum!"
"this is a memory that i hope to never forget  i don't regret it either and i'm glad that i have actually had this e playful erience  like i said, there is nothing wrong with taking risks  smile  but right now, i'm very sleepy and trying to finish this work  nighty night facebook!!"
perm!!!!!!!!! yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooooooowwwwww!!!! lol!!
reading  facebook  studying  eating hella food  listening to <propmale> songz  and texting 
today's exam was a great success!! i still have a lot of work that needs to be completed by tomorrow  this is going to be a long night but i can handle it  smile 
"? i dropped my new $300 00 phone on the way to my 4:20 class  luckily, it didn't get scratched up or whatever but i need to buy a phone cover asap!!  sad "
more homework!!!! ugh!!
dying my hair ?
eating papa johns with <propfemale> 
"how many times does a person have to hurt, until they hurt no more??"
"i enjoyed my weekend  now its time to take my final exams, pass them, and go home for the break  im going to miss some of my cookman friends   the ones who are leaving and the ones who are staying "
"omg, this dude just stepped on a baby frog   so not cool  sad "
"i kinda wish that i could have changed some of the things that happen here at cookman but i dont regret it  maybe my friend was right, things only happen for a reason  hmm, i wonder what that reason could be but anyways, i enjoyed my evening with my friends and the christmas production  im about to go to bed and pray about this final  smile "
i miss you ?
everybody is leaving me   im about to cry and its going to be like this when i leave too  sad 
"i went to chic-fil-a, to mcdonalds, and now sonics & krispy creme   yum!!"
"the worst part of life is leaving someone or when someone you really care about leaves but this isn't goodbye forever, at least i hope not  so, its   i will see you later and never say goodbye  this is only the beginning of a new journey and it will be successfully great  i believe, have faith, and i will always pray about it  i miss you already  crying "
baking brownies  smile 
is screaming happy birthday to jazelle louboutin!!!!!!!!  smile 
on my way home!
"i had sooooooo much fun last night with jazelle louboutin, <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>, and their other friend lajuan   smile "
good morning!
i enjoyed my weekend home   on the way back to statesboro!!!  smile 
im relaxing til its time to go to class @5:15-7:20 pm 
 sad 
smh its funny how fast people change 
i'm very upset and hurt!!!  sad 
2 more days til my birthday!!!  smile 
on my way home!!!!
i feel so loved   thank you for all the birthday wishes  smile 
on my way back to statesboro!!!!!
"i don't feel good but food is the only thing making me happy   ice cream, fruit snacks, <propfemale> juice, then bed  smile "
i can't sleep!!!  sad 
doing homework 
pizza hut  smile 
now i love my saints but look at my falcons    i'm so proud lol 
wishing my grandmother a happy birthday!!  smile 
"watching \teen mom\"" """
i love rainy weather!  smile 
man   i'm upset  the frame on my mirror broke  sad 
