0e904ba351c2ee70426ce09b342b0294
is back in epa and back online!
is worried about sylwia's back
remembers when he knew everyone's name in high school  now he can't even recognize people 
"is wondering why he found an american company in ireland  still, can't beat the 22 days off "
is happy that <propmale> and <propfemale> are here 
"mysle ze <propmale> jest bardzo glupi, <propmale> on nie lubi kiedy actualizacje sa po polsku"
is sad <propfemale> and <propmale> are leaving tomorrow  sad 
is sad he's not staying in poland longer   
"<propfemale>, grill & vodka  a good saturday night   smile "
is glad to get rid of <propmale> <propfemale> today    link later 
hates 10pm calls that something is broken 
is happy to have found a good buffalo wing joint in ireland of all places 
"is glad to be out of work  unfortunately, work isn't out of him "
happy turkey day all you americans!
nie moze czekac byc z jego przyacialmy w polsce  a relaksowac!!!!!
is back in pabianice   smile 
"can't believe <propfemale> murphy died    but on a sick aside, i love google's new live news feed "
can't wait until tomorrow night 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
this is the most unrelaxing holiday ever 
home
is excited our things will finally be coming to ireland next tuesday!!!!!
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance     93% won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?
is falling asleep   sad 
365 days in the poker industry 
is anyone else feeling kinda sick after today's lunch?
is excited that his stuff is in dublin port  and scared 
my stuff isn't coming today    but it is coming tuesday morning! phew!!!!!!!!
"tv & ps3 are in place    but haven't got the guts to plug them in  tomorrow, maybe "
mamy polsat (we have polish satellite tv)
"is really, really disappointed in oracle today "
sleep
"<propfemale> sick, scary bugs, scary meetings, identity theft, sylwia sick, cold guinness  maybe life ain't so bad        "
just heard <propfirst> hopper died  that makes 2  <propmale> vigoda better watch his ass   
"thanks to everyone for their birthday wishes, in whichever language they've posted   wink  it's great to have so many friends send their wishes from so many places  and for those people who called me old   you'll never get to my age without hip replacement  i'm going to bash your knees in!!!!!!"
needs a large hazelnut iced coffee from dunkin donuts 
track suit  gawdy jewelry  fighting with boyfriend on the bus  how ghetto! reminds me of home!
"word to the not so wise:  after making home made salsa, be sure to wash your hands extra thoroughly before going to pee  ouch!"
copacetic
damn frogs  they decided at 7?? but we're licensed in <propfemale>  www fulltiltpoker fr
up since 2 smile 0  planning day  12 hours until i can head home  it's going to be a long day  at least i have zabka with me 
"three and a half hours in various lines, but now i'm no longer illegal in ireland!!"
"lazy saturday  making fajitas and watching a movie! anyone up for inception tomorrow in dublin, around 7?"
watching a movie with my best friend   zabka!
just cut his hair  hopefully i don't look like a leper 
"i'm not afraid of muslims, tea partiers, socialists, immigrants, gun owners or gays     but i am scared of spiders "
2 more days of training   then i get my brain back 
your car is japanese  your pizza is italian  your potato is <propmale>  your wine is chilean  your democracy is greek  your coffee is brazilian  your tea is tamil  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your electronics are chinese  your vodka    is russian  and you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant? pull yourself together! copy if you are against racism!
happy xmas to all!!
london for sylwia's birthday! woot!
plotting
"completed his groovy on grails training today, and feels really groovy "
"once the avalanche has begun, it's too late for the pebbles to vote "
