c92ea2e6278f65896ba64ce5c2679921
drank an entire bottle of reisling (thank you <propfirst>) having a happy new year so at kires' house 
"thanks to all of those who have already, or will be, wishing me well for my birthday  i get to go see avatar in the imax before doing dinner at the cheesecake factory  i am happy  laugh "
"capricorn: you will spend all day convincing yourself of the right thing to do, and then do the opposite      (aah, procrastination at its best )"
is again wondering why the hell she waits till the last minute to turn in papers? gah there is so much to do 
waiting for the inevitable onslaught of neighborhood fireworks  the cats are going to freak out tonight  lol
fingers crossed that i pass my last performance assessment for rua2   man alive do i hate critical thinking writing  sad 
took me up to the last possible minute but   i passed this semester  wahoo! again i will reiterate my resolution to stop procrastinating   and again we will see how long that lasts 
"hanging out with dj before he goes off to school in ny  good luck, little brother  smile "
"is so happy to have found a sympathetic dentist  survived my cleaning today with minimal freak-out  unfortunately, i have to go back to get some fillings  sad "
bummed that <propfirst> has to work 2nd shift now  i was really getting used to having him home every night to eat dinner and watch jeopardy  now who am i going to whup at trivia questions?  j k i generally suck 
"is trying to figure out, should i try to find a new free online game to play, or read wicked?"
"survived another dental appt   either this dentist is the closest thing to a god i can come up with, or i have just been a giant chicken all these years because other dentists suck in general  my smile is already prettier (and with no pain!)    smile "
"survived another dental appt   can't feel my upper lip or nose, but again, no pain  smile  oh, and you know that chip in my front tooth i have had since 8th grade? gone  laugh "
"just got back from watching zombieland at the drive-in  despite the mosqiutos the movie was freaking awesome, hilarious and everything that a comedic zombie movie should be  laugh "
is wondering where all this 'great weather' everyone is talking about keeps hiding  every time i step outside i lose another pd from sweating  ick
<propfemale> samhain and a happy new year!
just got back from markham park shooting ar-15's for the first time  had a blast (though my elbow hurts from the prone position)  tonight we go back to broward for <propfirst> sagan day at the bcc  going to hear <propfirst> <propfemale> speak and then a show at the planetarium  can't wait!  laugh 
oh and i beat <propfirst>'s score by 16 points! : laugh oes the winners dance::
"lolcat, der’z no need tu feel down  i sed, lolcat, pik ursef off deh grownd  i sed, lolcat, ‘cuz ur gnu in town dere’z no need tu b unhappy  lolcat, dere’z a plais u kin go i sed, lolcat, <propfemale> ur short on ur doe  u can stay dere, and iz shur u will find menny wayz tu haz a gud tiyme  itz fun tu stay at deh y-m-c-a  itz fun tu stay at deh y-m-c-a  dey haz ebbrefing dat u needz tu enjoy, u kin play wif awl deh cat toyz"
"mentally preparing for my dentist appt tomorrow  having my impacted wisdom tooth removed so wish the dentist luck  why the dentist you ask? because if i don't get enough of whatever to numb me all to hell, someone is getting kicked "
"good news bad news: good news is that i will be completely sedated for my impacted wisdom extraction  bad news: it isn't until friday so i get to think about it even longer instead of just getting it over with  btw: anyone available to play chauffeur friday morning around 9 smile 0am? after making the appt, found out <propfirst> has to work, so i need a ride  sad "
"survived the dentist this morning   feeling ok, with much thanks due to my wonderful mother-in-law  thank you so much <propfemale> for making today less painful and stressful "
tried going pain pill free yesterday  that was a mistake  making up for it today  think i will take a nap now 
"i hate when fb messes with my news feeds  i am getting stuff from before thanksgiving thinking it is new and wondering why i am feeling dejavu, until i look at the date they were posted  annoying "
so doesn't want to go to work today  <propfirst> isn't helping  wink 
baking pumpkin cheesecake for work holiday party tomorrow  last time to have fun with my co-workers before i split from that hole 
"is *finally* getting a newer car  just found a 2003 ford zx2, right when <propfirst>'s car decides to take a break from letting us drive it    sarcasm   isn't it nice how things work out like that?   endsarcasm  "
picking up one car as another is carted off by the tow truck to the repair shop  lesigh
"got the car, tomorrow i tackle registration transfers and all that fun stuff  for now   i hate my neighbors "
did i mention today how much i hate my neighbors?
"just to clarify: they started their christmas partying 2 days before x-mas, and just ended it last night   when they started their new years party off early with several loud bangs  this will continue until at least 2 days after the holiday at which point they will simply look for the next holiday, foreign or domestic, to latch onto in order to continue the party  i hate pachingas!"
"wonders what the f fb did to hide my husband's news feeds from me   we are both friends on each others list, with nothing on the hidden <propfemale>; what gives?"
"ha, as soon as i mention it, he pops up into my feed  coincidence or conspiracy?"
"so, i passed out around 11pm, but <propfirst> woke me up at midnight for my new years kiss  got up at 3:45am to go pee and was only half surprised to still hear the mexican circus music going and the neighbors (including children) still partying it up  glad i use white noise in my bedroom, otherwise i would have been up all night "
"had a great birthday anniversary weekend  saw sherlock holmes at the drive-in on saturday night, avatar in 3d on sunday, followed by dinner at the cheesecake factory and for our 13 year (total together) anniversary, we went to dinner at chili's and just <propmale> out together  life is grand  laugh "
saw daybreakers at the drive-in last night  pretty decent movie  smile 
was sick all day yesterday  had some kind of stomach bug   hopefully it is all through ripping me apart and i can take today to just feel lousy 
off to try and get a job with the census bureau   fingers crossed 
"just got back from taking the test for the census job  riddle me this, if you can't even fill out the i-9 on your own (because you can't speak almost *any* english) how do you e playful ect to read and comprehend a basic skills test? people drive me crazy "
i have hiccups that are scaring the cats lol
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
fyi:  bounce houses are fun at any age 
"fallout 3 is sucking my life away  not like the fb timesink  you realize how long you have been playing because your back and eyes hurt, and you keep looking at the clock so you know *exactly* how much of your life is gone   and you continue on  'just one more mission' or, 'i just want to walk over to this area, just to get them on my map   then i'll stop' but then you run into yet another quest and you trudge on "
hating the new fb layout  why break something so that you can then fix what wasn't broken to begin with?
celebrating our 8 year wedding anniversary today  started out awesome with <propfirst> oversleeping and having to rush to work    let's hope the rest of the day is better for both of us 
thanks to all of those who wished us a happy anniversary   dinner at the melting pot made me feel like i had eaten a ton  but it was really great spending the time with <propfirst>  laugh 
i have almost become a pro at going to the dentist  got a temporary crown which means i have to chew using the other side of my mouth for 2 weeks  sucky because the other side has a crooked tooth causing food to *constantly* get stuck there  guess i will be doing a lot of flossing for the next couple of weeks 
<propfemale> in wonderland at the drive-inn last night  loved it!  i think i laughed through most of it   who says i am a grown-up?
"has \the family\"" <propmale> sized waterbed if any of the family wants it  get our new bed in tomorrow yay!"""
going to see clash of the titans at 3pm  can't wait!
"just got back from seeing clash of the titans    it was really well done, touched on some of the areas that i wanted to see (yay for the mechanical owl!), but changed it just slightly in a few other places  all in all, a good movie!"
"grr   as sucky as it is to admit, i will watch the new nightmare on elm street, if only to point out the inconsistencies  why can't people leave the classics alone?!"
"loves our new netbook  now i can do my homework and fb, all while cooking dinner  smile "
is actually really looking forward to kickass  it looks fun  smile 
"has been very productive over the last few days  we took apart the <propmale> sized waterbed (still available if any of the family wants it, but already listed on craigslist), then yesterday we took apart, cleaned and moved the majority of the furniture to the new tv room  still a lot of work to do  so much cleaning "
is wondering what the hell i am doing up so early  the only time i wake up before noon is if i have to go to a job and i haven't had to worry about that for at least 6 months   but hanging out with <propfirst> before he goes to work does have its advantages  wink 
"is curious about where the water all over the floor is coming from; either the toilet is leaking again (annoying since we just replaced it a few months ago) or is it the washer  tentatively running the washer with towels all over the floor in case of another mishap   ::fingers crossed nothing is actually leaking, really don't want to spend more time or money on the bathroom::"
"<propmale>, what do you fear most in the world? the possibility that love is not enough "
passing info along for a friend   if anyone in florida need's roof work please  call rapid roof systems inc  @ (954) 636-9840 
"loving netflix streaming through the ps3  now i can watch farscape, angel and <propfemale> from the beginning without having to watch it on my smal(ish) monitor  already at the end of season 5 of <propfemale> and re-realizing that spike is not only gorgeous, but hilariously pathetic "
my face hurts from laughing so hard tonight  had a blast watching <propfirst> tosh at the improv!
"is soooooo pissed  can anyone tell me why the universe hates me so? leaether strip waits until *after* we completely, no refunds available, booked our trip to vegas and then announces he will be at the treffen  why did that volcano have to blow any chances of us finding a cheap flight to germany? i'll tell you, because it hates me "
"10 more days till va-ca-tion, va-ca-tion, va-ca-tion  10 more days till vacation! silver shamrock   laugh "
"10 more days till va-ca-tion, va-ca-tion, va-ca-tion  10 more days till \vacation! silver shamrock   laugh "
"so, went and saw the nightmare 're-imagining' last night at the drive-in  i hate to say this, but i liked it  for those who have never seen any of the originals, it gives <propmale> a much more sinister feel, even meaner then new nightmare  i also liked the fact that they kept some of my favorite lines from the originals, as well as the creepy music and little kids  \still, i think it is time for a nightmare-a-thon "
"feels like taking a nap  babysitting and realizing that the longer he sleeps the better, but it is hard to keep quiet enough not to wake him  it doesn't help that my cats keep trying to inspect the 'alien being' in their house  lol"
"6 more days to va-ca-tion! silver shamrock!  so much to do, so little time "
annoyed at the weather report  did you know that tomorrow vegas will have a high of 68 degrees  on saturday when we get there it will be a high of 91  how is that fair?
2 more days till vacation   silver shamrock!
trying to think of what else we might need on our vacation  packing our bags today so we can make sure we aren't forgetting anything that we could pick up tomorrow  have to go to bed so early tomorrow night to get up at 4am saturday and catch our flight 
"has already been up for 2 hours   is it bedtime yet? have to many things to do today  gotta make sure everything is packed, unplug all unnecessary electronics, remember to pack the batteries that are on the charger, stop at the in-laws to drop off house keys, and do last minute cleanig (dishes, cat litter, e playful ired fridge stuffs, etc) then we get to go to bed sooooo early to be up by 4am to go to vegas!"
"gah! i am bored and anxious  i have checked everything thrice and now i am not sure what to do   waiting impatiently to go to bed  feels like the night before the first day of school, or right before any holiday in which you get presents  can't wait to be in vegas already "
"is in vegas, bitches!"
"is at the airport waiting to board  vegas is exhausting, can't wait to get home "
"is still trying to recover from vacation  maybe another day of sleep will snap me back to reality  trying to catch up on my tivo, sooooo many shows "
"summer cleaning of my f-list  dumped a bunch of games that require friends, so i culled the mass down to people i have actually met in person  much smaller list  wink "
"passed my constitution test today, but <propfirst> isn't feeling well  sad  migraines are the worst "
hopes everyone has a safe and fun 4th  will be home making sure the cats don't freak out from the fireworks  wink 
"anyone know what is going on with lil <propmale>'s b-day party? time and place? my cell is just about out of minutes and the house phone is down so this is my only way of finding out this info  have present, will travel "
"if anyone has been calling me, sorry, i am not avoiding you  my cell is out of minutes and i can't fill it until next week   then we find that the house phone is acting screwy  some calls come through, some don't and when you can get through it sounds like a busy signal over the line  grr  not sure if it is the phone, the line or both "
yay! so excited!! <propfirst> works tonight and then just a few hours tomorrow and then   no more 2nd shift!  he will have an actual set work schedule m-f during the day  we can actually live like normal people! i am so excited i could pop a blood vessel   laugh 
"if\you're brave, copy this to your status and see what people rate you as \[1] crazy  [2] wish we went out  [3] talkative  [4] sarcastic  [5]\lovable  [6] sexy  [7] strong  [8] dumb  [9] spoiled  [10] mouthy  [11]\wild  [12] goofy  [13] funny  [14] awesomely awesome  [15] amazing \   [16] beautiful  [17] cute  [18] best friend  [19] i'd marry you "
"whew   got the readmission to pbsc taken care of, went to boca to have lunch with <propfirst> and am now home  feels like i sweated about 10 pounds off just in getting around the campus, and walking to and from the car  it is soooo hot! can't wait til fall winter "
wth am i doing up so early?
"finally kicked u-verse out the damned door  stupid thing hasn't worked in almost a week (well off and on) and the phone was just as useless  so yeah, our home phone line is deceased "
"is installing starcraft 2  woot! so yeah, if i am incommunicado for a while, ya'll know why "
"remembers, now, just how easy it was to play starcraft all night  <propfirst> actually went to bed before me "
"slept well, now it is straight back in for another starcraft 2 marathon "
"happy lammas, everyone  since today celebrates the beginning of the harvest season, i am going to harvest some peppers that have ripened and will be making an awesome spaghetti sauce, which will be eaten tomorrow (gotta let the sauce slowcook to perfection)  my habaneros have grown so nicely, but it will take another month or two before i get any fruit from them "
"how\many of us really know everybody on our fb friends list??? here's a\task for you   i want all my fb friends to comment on this status of\how you met me! after your comment, copy this to your status so i can\do the same for you  you'll be amazed at the responses you get!!"
there's no place i can be since i found serenity  you can't take the sky from me 
happy friday the 13th to all!
"really need a car  looking for something with low mileage (preferrably under 75k), under $4k, and i would really rather have a stick shift, but i will take an automatic if it is the only thing available  anyone selling, or know someone who is selling a car like that?"
warning: \a message saying 'i just got the dislike button, so now i can \c92ea2e6278f65896ba64ce5c2679921,finally! got myself a car and managed to luck into a stick shift (the add said automatic so i was ecstatic to see it was a <propmale>)  now i just need to find a job  laugh 
"also, i can kill you with my brain "
"is getting ready to start #3 in my nightmare-fest  haven't seen them all in too long so i watched 1 on netflix, the 2nd i just finished a few minutes ago and now onto the 3rd  i remember this one being my favorite but i will try to keep my bias in check until the moviefest is over    wink "
"hmm, now it is almost a tie between nightmares 3 and 4  watching 5 right now, love <propfemale>  smile "
has pms and several weapons  any questions?
is feeling very blah  ocular pain can really suck the fun out of the weekend 
"please put this on\your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who suffers\from stupidity  stupidity is a real condition and should be taken\seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is\still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        \93% won't copy and paste this        because they don't know how to\copy and paste "
"grr, <propfemale> grace makes me want to scratch my eyes out and make myself deaf  at least i have the remote and can shut her up when i accidentally happen upon the show "
"hubby week ? ~ ? if you have a husband who works hard to provide for your family, who has been there, who has been a blessing in your life & to whom you are proud to be married to, & who is your best friend & love very much  copy & paste with how long you have been married   9 years  laugh "
mabon! the first day of autumn always gets me in the mood to clean house  fall cleaning is the best   can almost open the house up and let it air out  just a few more weeks until the cool weather comes in  yay!
damnable hiccups!
is sitting in class  blah blah blah 
blah
is so happy  it is *finally* starting to feel like fall  thank you tropical storm <propfemale>!
is now allowed to confirm it and tell everyone the good news   we're pregnant!!!
"is happy that i don't feel nauseous this morning, but i am also feeling kind of blah  <propfirst> has a cold and i am trying not to catch it   sad "
"it feels so nice out today i had to open up the house  now i have kitties running from the front window to the back window   gotta be careful when entering the lanes, might get taken out by a furball "
has had about enough of these shows making me cry 
"a\ 13 year old boy in texas shot himself in head after years of torment \for being gay  <propmale> walsh, also 13, <propmale> himself from a backyard tree  \<propfirst> clementi, 18 & a freshman at rutger's, jumped off the gw \bridge- his roommate broadcast video of <propfirst> with another guy  today, i\ stand up to those bullies in their honor  if you care to stand up with \me, please post this as your status for an hour or longer!"
got the first pic of our baby this morning  now i just have to get it on the puter for all to see the ameoba 
"has been disgusted by the thought of red sauce, but now that i smell it, i am starving "
"please\ put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish\ for 2010 is that being gay is not a disease nor a choice! people who \are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance & equal rights    \ 93% won't copy and paste this  will you??? make it your    status for \at least one hour?    promote ? & acceptance    noh8!"
"seriously, what is the deal with these phantom sneezes?!"
is ready to fast forward about 5 weeks  hopefully this all day sickness will be gone by then 
"russell: this kid better be an awesome gaming partner \me: well, <propmale> plays the drums when he is over, so we have most of the rockband already \\thought it was funny "
wants a ninja food processor   i want to eat freshly crushed icesnow 
was really surprised at the severe lack of trick or treaters last night   but it worked out since we didn't have people knocking on our door to all hours of the night  smile 
"\brother's week\""    if you have a brother who has \",c92ea2e6278f65896ba64ce5c2679921,is enjoying a bowl of strawberries  yum!
has wicked heartburn 
is sooooo happy  the nice weather is *finally* here  i actually shivered when i opened the door (the wind was whipping at the time)   laugh 
"is wondering why the hell i keep getting up at 6am   oh yeah, it is all <propfirst>'s fault  but then why do i feel the need to watch the news for 2 hours? oh yeah, because there is nothing else on tv at 6am  just glad i got my body pillow yesterday, now i can lounge comfortably  smile "
"thanks to my mama, i am now the proud owner of a ninja   just had my first snow slushy and it was awesome   laugh "
had to go to the er last night for a couple of hours of iv fluids but i am feeling much better today 
"who actually knows me? i bet nobody can answer all the questions;\\first name___\middle name___\last name___\age_\b-day _ _ _\eye color__\nickname___\favorite color___\best friend__ \put this as your status and see who gets it "
"has been feeling pretty good for the past few days  no vomiting at all! can you believe it? maybe i should have gone to the er sooner, lol "
capricorn your love for the une playful ected joy of \snow\,c92ea2e6278f65896ba64ce5c2679921,"i was on such a roll of not getting sick, then i was slammed in the face with garlic bread smell   let's just say i didn't have dinner last night   sad "
"got to hear the baby's heart beat for the first time, which was pretty awesome  then the car died on the way home   not so awesome  at least dj was off of work and was able to rescue me, love my little brother "
"question to the several nurses and other health care professionals on my f-list  how do i find out about getting a home health nurse to administer iv fluids at home, in the case i ever get dehydrated again? trying to keep things as cheap as possible and don't feel like paying the er anymore "
just finished toy story 3 and cried through the last 30 minutes  i am blaming it on hormones 
7 vials of blood?! they took half of my blood from me this morning for prenatal screening  did they really need 7 though? at least the chick who took it knew what she was doing and i barely felt anything   smile 
"so far, 2nd trimester doesn't mean the end of morning sickness, but i do bounce back a lot quicker without the aid of medication  woot!"
eating a plum  so glad i rediscovered this wonderful fruit 
"is watching the <propfemale>'s thanksgiving parade   and gearing up to eat a lot of food  well, a lot for me at this time   smile "
is flabbergasted 
"is a little annoyed that my rock station (93 1) has gone christmas  all holiday music, all the time   grr "
"cousins are the 1st friends of your life   when you grow up, they are\still your friends! cousins are there as childhood friends, and when we\are older as forever friends   no one will ever understand your crazy\family like your cousins  repost if you have some of the best cousins \love to all my cousins ? first cousins   second cousins too!"
"change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and\invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be\no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for\violence against children "
\live a good life  if there are gods and they are just, then they will\c92ea2e6278f65896ba64ce5c2679921,"actually got a lot done today  got a new tire for the car, went grocery shopping and had lunch  now it is time to go on a killing spree   got a bit of an ant problem "
wishes this headache would just go away 
"loves the cold weather  keep it coming, arctic circle!"
"so let me get this straight    <propfirst> <propmale> is on his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone; and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is still going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all "
"so, mom's house got broken into last night and the laptop was taken so she will be mia from fb for a while  tis the season "
not sure if i am nesting or what   just cleaned the kitchen and did all the laundry   might even clean the oven if this keeps up 
watching top chef makes me hungry   damn that seafood looks good 
"ok, now i am pissed  quest diagnostics <propfirst> my blood on 11 19 and charged me $40 for the lab fees  no biggie   except that they waited until today to put the charge through, which caused us to go negative and incur a insufficient funds charge  the kicker   i can't find a phone number anywhere for that specific office so i can call them and bitch them out  i want to smack someone "
just blew away my final exam   one less thing to do  smile 
happy yule winter solstice christmas to all! say hello to winter!  laugh 
making pumpkin spice pancakes to go with the homemade pumpkin butter i got from the awesomesauce that is <propfirst> l    laugh 
"yay! got the angelsounds fetal heart monitor i ordered  it came a week early and <propfirst> finally got to hear the heartbeat! took me a couple of minutes to find the lil russit, but once we did it was awesome!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"surprised i am still awake, but then i am also happily munching on swiss colony chocolates  thank you, <propfirst>!"
there was actually a thin layer of ice on top of <propfirst>'s car this morning  love it!
exactly one week until the end of my 20's  where did the years go?
"i have the best husband ever  i just got my birthday present   i was going to wait to open it actually on my b-day, but it said something about time sensitive  upon opening, i found that i am the proud owner of a home butterfly <propfemale>! i have 6 caterpillars happily munching away at their food, and in the next couple of weeks they will become beautiful butterflies  so happy!"
i am so bored   why can i never sleep in anymore?! there is never anything to do this early in the am   sad 
"happy new year everyone! i got a bottle of sparkling apple cider to toast the new year, if i can even make it that long, lol "
"thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes! i plan on chillaxing all day  laugh "
"had my 18 week ultrasound   apparently the kid is camera shy, kept hiding its face  even if we wanted to find out the gender, i think it would have been impossible  smile "
"ok, i am going to give this a try   eek!\\pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment right here and do it too \\you must in turn post this and send something you made to the first 5 people who comment on your status \\the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 "
slept like crap all night because i have a cramp in my back that radiates to my hip   tried stretching and laying in different positions   wish i could just crack my back  sad 
finally! the back cramp is gone and i was able to keep breakfast down   now what to do for lunch?
had my first spontaneous cry yesterday when my pancakes fell on the floor   i felt like a 4 year old who just dropped her ice cream 
so happy   russell was finally able to fix my computer so it is now faster than his (hehehe) and our tv is hooked up to it so i can use that as my giant monitor   i am so lucky  laugh 
"the weather is nice, had a good weekend, now i am just relaxing and watching tv before i hit the dishes and laundry for the day "
"if anyone needs to get a hold of me, either message me here or email me  phone ran out of minutes and i won't be able to refill it until friday "
my first ever attempt at making banana nut bread is in the oven   let's see how it works out  smile 
i'm bored   anyone want to come over and entertain me?
"so, every time little sister (my <propfemale>) lays on my stomach, baby tries to play kick the <propfemale>, which just makes sister purr louder  wonder if they will get along so well when baby is actually kicking and pulling at her, lol "
"<propfirst> felt definite baby movement for the first time last night  he freaked out a little, but in a good way  laugh "
the gmail phone is pretty awesome when you absolutely need one  calls come through clear (as long as you aren't actively doing internet stuffs) and it is free!
<propfemale> imbolc to all!
it is to damned early to be up and about   but i can't fall back asleep  grr 
"happy birthday to my mama and my 6 year old nephew, <propmale>! ich liebe dich!"
meh
going to <propfemale> corral tonight  yay buffet!!
i wish we could go to the treffen this year   but i guess having a baby is almost as good as going to germany  wink 
"going on the tour of palms west l&d tomorrow   from here on, i e playful ect things are going to happen pretty quickly  how am i going to get everything prepared in time?!"
taxes are done! woot! bring on the money!
"i think i am starting to hit the uncomfortably large phase of pregnancy  i can't sleep because i can't find a good position to sleep in, and when i wake up in the middle of the night, baby thinks it is play time and starts doing somersaults  : annoyed igh::"
"ok, now i am bored and <propfirst> is still sleeping   time for me to go jump up and down on the bed until he gets his butt up  wink "
"today's to-do list: go to dr appt, grocery shopping, pay bills, laundry and dishes and assassins creed  i should be able to get all of it done  wink "
"not looking forward to the glucose test tomorrow, but i guess it has to be done  sad "
"man, i was hoping to be able to sleep until at least 8am so i wouldn't be so hungry before my glucose test at 9am   sad   my tummy is growling and i can only have water until 10am   this sucks "
"managed to survive the glucose test yesterday but felt crummy until last night  much better today, though   laugh "
"the baby's room is clean, painting starts on monday and the hospital tour is tomorrow afternoon  i feel like i have actually gotten something done this weekend  laugh "
you could use a more horizontal kneeling position if you want to slow things down a little 
ack! my belly button is disappearing!
sibling war!!! put this as your status if you are the best and smartest of your siblings   if this stands for more then an hour without your brother or sister protesting then it must be true   
"getting ready for my next ob appt in an hour wherein i get to discuss the logistics of having a water birth  also, i think i get my rhogam shot today  fun stuff "
holy crap  i am updating from my new kindle  this thing is to freaking awesome 
found out yesterday that i passed my 3 hour glucose test  no more of that nonsense 
"i just found a ladybug in my shirt   i wonder if that means i am getting lucky tonight, lol "
"breathe right strips may have saved my marriage, lol  who knew that preggos could snore so loud? i haven't woken myself up yet, but i have kept <propfirst> awake for almost a week  practice for sleepless baby nights?"
we are having too much fun playing risk: factions  i should be getting ready for bed but i have to dominate the map  it takes a while 
