ae1bc564c905071e9b15c058677a5349
"so tired today  to bed after 2 surprise 0, and up to go to mass this morning by 8 surprise 0 "
trying to motivate myself to do the dishes  it's not working so far 
going to wear shorts; going to spend all day in the sun; and going to sheboygan to see in-laws!
trying to listen to uplifting music 
"get off the computer, april! you can do it!"
is looking forward to camping in michigan this weekend and then flying to wyoming afterwards!
both babies asleep  time to meditate 
"wish i could find my thermometer, my phone, and my cat  sad "
"well, i found the two more important things of the three that were lost  i found my phone and my cat!"
hand cramp! just finished writing out <propfemale>'s birthday party invites 
"okay, that test was very hard if you speak english as a second language, but otherwise it was easy "
guess it's time to cut up veggies for the vegetable stir-fry for supper 
i think i'm coming down with a cold  sad  hopefully the nap and emergen-c will stave it off 
had fun yesterday making stick puppets with <propfemale>  today   to make her bracelet like she wanted 
chillin out at home taking echinacea to prevent the advancement of my cold 
can't sleep 
i love it when i can begin the day with meditation 
guess it's about time to get everyone ready for bed  i shall cry myself to sleep tonight since i didn't get to watch dr  who  *sniffle*
glad hubby is home  except now the weekend is over so he'll go to work tomorrow and i'll be by myself for another week 
think i'm gonna feed my newest addiction for a few minutes:  word challenge 
i officially like being in a city that's bigger than manitowoc 
i realy hate that my phone frequently turns off by itself  now i can't find it 
trying to get some of this chaos that is my apartment in order 
i love sundays  enjoyed going to hazelwood museum 
is making a collage 
both girls asleep at the same time  a rare treat 
i like who i am!
conversation at lunch: feli: bug rhymes with rug! eva: (shakes head no) feli: yeah! bug rhymes rug! eva: (shakes head no) feli: yes! bug rhymes rug! etc   
having fun making apple juice!
probably going to watch and label home videos all day 
today's lunch conversation  feli: i'm eating soup  eva: *shakes head no* feli: yes! i'm eating soup! eva: *shakes head no* feli: yes! i'm eating soup! eva: *shakes head no* and so on 
"made peanut butter, apple, chocolate chip cookies  don't think i'll make them again  if it weren't for the choc chips they'd be pretty tasteless "
had fun teaching religious <propmale> tonight  of course i always have fun  the teens on the other hand    just kidding  i have a great group 
gotta get everyone put together for the day(including myself) and then off to play group 
chris: you are so picky! feli: no i'm not! chris: yes you are  feli: no! i did not pick my nose!
i'm looking forward to thanksgiving with family!
enjoyed time with family and friends! now to watch some ice age on fox!
is doing dishes  blech!
"considered moving to the downstairs apt, but decided to stay right where we are "
is making supper  chickpea curry  yum!
sigh  suppose i should tackle all those dishes in the sink 
is sure glad to not have to go anywhere today   especially since the govenor declared a state of emergency on account of all the snow 
what to play today   
going to manty this afternoon 
enjoyed putting up my christmas decorations yesterday 
"<propfemale> doesn't feel well and has a fever  thus she has decided that unless she is nursing, she is going to scream at the top of her lungs all day "
guess i'm going to watch the packers beat the steelers today 
the top 2 3 of my christmas tree: perfection  the bottom 1 3   well   no comment 
had fun this christmas with family--especially at <propfirst>'s party  so much fun 
"would appreciate it if next time she goes to communion, <propfemale> wouldn't scream at the top of her lungs "
coffee with a friend bright and early this morning: perfect way to start the new year in my book 
is watching doctor who!
sigh  never did get the christmas letters written and now the season is over  better late than never???
had totally crazy dreams last night  but i slept well!
time to do some relaxing 
going to the pro-life mass tonight in gb 
not sure if i'm ready for another week to start 
enjoyed some embroidering while the girls took a nap at the same time 
loved going to avatar on my date with <propfirst> last night 
<propfirst> and i made the decision  we are going to homeschool 
"anyone know of a good homeschooling magazine to subscribe to? checked a couple out from the library  so far, not impressed "
new vlog post  why i love nfp: part 3 http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=kocwnxgtoqc
guess i better make supper  broccoli and cauliflower pie  maybe a baked potato too   and fruit 
time for a walk to the park to tromp around in the snow 
had fun playing the wii with the in-laws today  <propfemale> beat her grandma at swordfighting 
found some groups on meetup com social calendar is filling up 
"best quote i've heard in a long time: whatever you give a woman, she's going to multiply  if you give her sperm, she'll give you a baby  if you give her a house, she'll give you a home  if you give her groceries, she'll give you a meal  if you give her a smile, she'll give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what is given to her  so - if you give her any crap, you will receive a ton of shit "
i've decided that i do not appreciate the fashion industry telling me what i should like  so i want to start making my own clothes 
babies are asleep  guess it's time to pray 
"ahh, so much inspiration, so little time in a day "
think i want to do some sewing tonight 
looking for an affordable gymnastics class for <propfemale>  she really enjoyed our free trial class today at the little gym 
heading to manty for the afternoon 
"looking forward to meeting a homeschool family at the park this morning  kiddies can play together, and mom's can <propfemale> out "
gonna try to get the house ready for weekend company while i look forward to hangin' with family!
had orientation today for literacy green bay  i'm going to be volunteering to  help adults learn to read and write english 
i can't believe that i had to shovel today! but it is definatly easier to deal with knowing that it will all be gone in a couple of days and that it is likely the last storm of the season 
"in the face of injustice, which is worse? to stand by and do nothing, or to try to do something about the injustice--even if your efforts fail?"
thank you everyone for the well wishes!
is pregnant!!!
is doing dishes 
uh-uh no they didn't!
had a good time at the botanical gardens today 
"is getting pregnancy ads on her facebook now  btw, what's a breastfeeding <propfemale>? thought i already possessed everything i needed in my shirt "
"is thinking this time around, i want a  "
havn't been feeling well  don't think we'll be heading to manitowoc this weekend 
"grandparents picked up feli yesterday and she'll be with them until saturday  never been gone that long before  she will probably be just fine--she's so independent  i, on the other hand   might not be so fine   last night i woke up at 4 surprise 0 because i heard feli calling for me  must've been dreaming "
feli actually misses me for once! so she's coming back today 
"excited  went to a la leche meeting and found a doula, and a chiropractor  also found out that st <propfirst>'s does indeed have a birthing pool, or they will shortly  oh, also got a site for cheap but good cloth diapers "
how could there not be a dunkin donuts in green bay?!
feeling sad today 
thank you everyone for your support and prayers!
going to the alternative energy air in <propfirst>'s point for the weekend 
"i sometimes find myself changing my parenting style in public, knowing that the rest of the world is not into radical unschooling  but glad that today i stuck to my beliefs and let my kids play in the rain, despite the looks of others "
just can't be useful today  sleep deprived 
very proud of the bread that i made today with @<propfemale> schoepp!
"to the homeschooling peeps, do you send your kids to religious <propmale>?"
new blog post: a look at sex positive  http annoyed  www myfemininemind blogspot com
both girls asleep  that means it's time for me to pray 
"phone\# is now on facebook!! go to the top right of your screen, click account\then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook \everyone's phone#'s are now being published  please repost tolet \your friends know this is happening so they can remove their phone    #'s\    by changing their privacy settings (privacy    \settings - phone- customize - only me)your address is post"
"in memory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried, but never met, or held in our arms  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject     break   the silence  in memory of all angel babies, gone too soon, but never forgotten ?"
hubby launched new website  be one of the first to see it  are you a student? join! http annoyed  bartlebyproject com
feeling so down lately 
<propfemale> threw up several times last night and once this morning  she's not even keeping down my breast milk   sad 
feeling highly sensitive today 
*tmi warning* think i have what <propfemale> had yesterday  feel like i'm gonna puke 
everyone in my household has thrown up today except hubby  we'll see how everyone feels tomorrow  might have to cancel feli's party  will keep people posted 
"okay  looks like a 24-hour bug  feeling better today  we can spend the day recuperating and should be as good as gold by tomorrow afternoon, for <propfemale>'s party "
update: we are afraid that we might still be contagious tomorrow and we wouldn't want ppl to get sick so we've decided to cancel    sad 
i have a love-hate relationship   with my apartment 
spent a great weekend in michigan at lake <propfirst> resort 
looking forward to sputnik fest tomorrow  anyone else going?
"my four-year-old praying: thank you that i'm alive and mama, dada, and <propfemale> are alive, and the cat too, you know  and thank you that lots of cats are alive "
i just love this video so much  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ql-n3f1fhw4&feature=youtube_gdata_player
"looking forward to watching dr who  i die inside a little, each saturday it's not on "
had a great date with hubby tonight 
enjoying my morning coffee 
"trying to cut <propfemale>'s hair  she sat still while i cut the front, but then lost <propfemale> and is now running around  she presently has a mullet "
i wanted to continue trick-or-treating but <propfemale> (4) insisted that we had enough <propfemale> and that it was time to go home 
somebody come over to my house and make me stop eating <propfemale> 
"takin' care of business: paying bills, going to bank, grocery shopping "
missing my hubby 
"had fun shopping with mil and hubby today, while fil babysat the girls "
want to bake banana bread today and maybe do some thanksgiving crafts with <propfemale> 
"i'm getting my eyebrows threaded for $5, normally about $11  i'll share the link for those interested  for peeps in green bay or appleton only  \\https annoyed  livingsocial com deals 17360?ref=personalized-link-box-2583914&rpi=2583914"
anyone have a pediatric dentist in green bay area that they would recommend?
i think my new year's resolution should be to check in the facebook once a day  otherwise i feel out of touch with all you wonderful people!
"i think i need a \visit-manitowoc-friends\"" day soon """
in other news    i'm pregnant! estimated due date: sept 12
"dd4 was saying, \i'm sooo happy! we have another baby!\"" but later she was insisting she only wants a girl  she doesn't want it if it's a boy """
guess i better get making supper 
so glad that there is one local person that <propfemale> likes and will not scream at the top of her lungs if i leave her with him 
enjoying the packer game so far 
bad news: i miscarried again   crying  good news: i have an appointment on friday with a doctor who uses napro technology and can look at my nfp charts to figure out why and prevent another one  http annoyed  www fertilitycare org 
i need to learn the creigton model of nfp  anyone know of any teachers in the green bay area?
"helping <propfemale> write a letter to the wiggles asking them to put their movies back on netflix streaming  she even <propfirst> a frowny face so \they can see how sad i am \"""""
"i think at least 50% of the people that i pass on the street are wearing packers clothes  i heard if the packers win tomorrow, green bay schools are closed mon and tues  hubby will get to come in two hours late on mon too "
loving the feminine genius conferenceni am at this weekend!
felicia(4 yo): we have angry birds  lab tech: oh no! what color are they? felicia: red and yellow  the pigs stole their eggs  lab tech: *very puzzled look*
thinking about lenten plans 
i caved  i joined foursquare 
"was looking forward to going out for pancakes tonight, but then <propfemale> got a fever   pancakes will have to wait until sunday "
looking forward to lunch at ihop!
i have a feeling today is going to be unproductive 
"i'm excited! i'm the new coordinator of healthy living for <propfemale> ministry! i'll be building up the nfp component for em  spreadin' the nfp word, baby!"
having fun making tortillas with <propfemale> 
having fun making tortillas with <propfemale> 
"didn't like the duchess  well done, but too depressing "
can't wait til spring 
