3fb8eb302e2b334bfadd6fc433745ebe
is wondering why most adults have no imagination   what happened?
is excited to be back at work   but oh man!! today was a rough day for everyone!
is happy because today i am going to see my mom!!!!
i am so excited to see <propfemale>!
is happy to be home with my <propfemale>  smile 
loves <propmale>  smile 
is looking forward to friday  smile 
"is happy today is finally friday, and excited about her fantastic dibella's roast beef sub  smile  yum yum"
is excited to have discovered online shopping   there are a zillion websites of cheap stuff!!!
"woke up this morning thinking it was wednesday   imagine my dissapointment when i got to work, and it was only tuesday   "
"is happy that it is saturday, my day to sleep in, and i woke up at 7 45   the sad part   that was sleeping in  sad "
"i do not understand why at the end of november in rochester ny we feel the need to tear up roads like culver road   there isn't even anything wrong with it   except now that instead of taking me 10 minutes to pick lunch up, it takes 30    sad "
"is so excited because <propfemale> is coming home on tuesday, so we can celebrate her belated birthday  smile "
is excited to see <propfemale> and mom tonight  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"happy thanksgiving  smile  going to aunt <propfemale>'s, then off to <propmale>'s family, then off to aunt kris   then black friday shopping  laugh  laugh  laugh "
happy birthday to me  smile  thank you everyone!!!
playing fish world and having fun at work  smile 
let it snow let it snow let it snow!!
is walking in a winter wonderland  smile 
"brown paper packages tied up wtih strings, these are a few of my favorite things  smile "
it's beginning to look alot like christmas!!!
is so excited to have the day off today! and tomorrow! and kinda wishin i was back at school so i could have next week off too!
has baked enough deserts to feed a naval fleet  smile 
is happy because i got pictionary man!!! now all i need is to find someone to play it with    oh <propmale>!!!
56 degrees outside   and the snow is almost all gone!! yyayy
is excited because it's date night tonight!!! out for dinner then watching the hurt locker  smile 
is very tempted to go to the mall  smile 
"wishes that she worked at a bank, so i could have random holidays off   or a school   "
is going to maker perrogies for the first time in my life   
"made the perrogies, and apparently they were good   caleb ate them all up!  laugh  excited for today! finally finished mom's pillow, and hemming her pants! dinner with mom!!"
is going to go to joanns today (hopefully) and get some fabric so i can make my new coat!!!
is happy and at home with <propmale>  smile 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
is happy this week is almost over!!!
finally friday!!
is so very excited for the weekend!
"i am studying the chapter: assessing the 3 year old, how to observe children   fun stuff  smile "
"is officially trained by the american heart association, and certified in adult cpr, child cpr, infant cpr, emergency basic first aid, bloodborne pathogens, cognitive aed skills!!!! yay!!! and it only took me about a half hour!!!"
"so i am excited, i just checked online, and my first 10 assignments were graded - perfect!!! yay!! i took my first quiz, and got a 100%, i just finished developing a lesson plan for 3 year olds, e playful laining various weather patterns and they asked me if they could use it as an example to other students in the future!!!"
spring cleaning!!!
tried <propmale>'s p90x workout   and i am having a hard time walking
is super excited!!! i got the job at kindercare!!!!
loves sleeping in until 8 i love my new job!!
"is happy for the weekend, and looking forward to watching the last song with my mom tomorrow : )"
is very sad : (
is looking forward to a weekend with <propmale> : )
is excited about taking my mom out for dinner at the cheesecake factory  smile 
is excited that my job entails playing outside when it is nice out  smile 
"was so excited to get out of work early on friday, that i forgot to look at the schedule   help anyone have monday's hours?!! : )"
is excited about grocery shopping  smile 
"is kinda sad because <propmale> is sick  sad  he has taken a lot of tylenol today, but it does not appear to be helping   "
today is wacky wednesday  smile 
"<propmale> made dinner tonight! pasta with chicken, broccoli, carrots, and corn in a garlic oil sauce with crescent rolls  smile  yum yum!"
after a loonnnngg day at work i came home with aspirations of doing homework   and ended up on facebook   maybe i could just keep the tab open and multi task  smile 
"is excited about my 100 % on my test!! and got two of papers finished, 4 more to go!!"
work schedule anyone??? i didn't get the email??
is counting down the days for friday   going to the hamptons for the weekend!!!
does anyone have the schedule? i have no idea when i am working on monday   did it get emailed?
is excited!!!
is home!! after a 7 hour drive!!! with our new maltese puppy named <propmale>!!! he is adorable!
"just finished reading \perfect match\"" by <propfemale> picoult  i couldn't put it down   highly reccomend it  smile  it was a perfectly suspenseful story from beginning to end!"""
"great day!!! we took <propmale> to  mendon ponds park to run around!!! he was so excited about all the grass! and even went jogging with a random couple that we saw running! trying to remember my shift tomorrow, i think it was 8 smile 0   can anyone help???"
is excited for the weekend!!!
"had fun in preschool today, looking through our trashnoculars, at <propfirst> the fly that has currently taken up residence in our room  while looking, i saw our glitter attacked, ribbon endowed cleanup bike horn, and our specail magical pointer pen! good day so far  smile "
"is wondering why it is that every child in my neighborhood insists on playing in the middle of the road, especially when cars are coming   "
watching hell's kitchen!!! i love seeing all the people being ripped apart!!
<propfemale> fellows : it is alabama time  smile 
is liking the idea of having a half day  smile 
"got a new \prop\"" for circle time a disco stick!!!!"""
is wondering what my brain was thinking waking up at 7 15 this morning    
i have decided that i do really like not having to work on weekends  smile 
enjoying a nice glass of white wine and strawberries  smile 
"making chocolate chip cookies, it makes my house smell soooooo good!!!"
"almost done with the little red riding hood costume!!! red dress check, red cape check white apron, uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
would have probably enjoyed sleeping in this morning   but it just didn't happen   
"i saw a commercial for due date, and thought about <propfemale>  smile "
"i am a little sad, and a little happy  smile   sad "
the new house has a bidet tee <propfemale>
thank you to all the families and co workers at kinder care for an amazing last day  and an amazing 8 months it has been one of the best e playful eriences of my life and the most fulfilling job i have ever had  you are all amazing and i will be in to visit! i cant wait to see what amazing things will happen to you in the future
"thank you to <propmale>, <propfemale>, rj, <propfemale>, holden, and <propmale> for my new nook color!!! it is very very cool!!!"
thank you for the birthday wishes!!!
love the new house!!!
in the christmas mood  smile 
is enjoying the nice weather  smile  almost 50 degrees today with a high of 54 tomorrow smile  and still no snow!!!
enjoying the sunshine  smile  the grass is greener in nj  smile 
yayyyy <propmale> finally went up and down the stairs by himself!!
picture's of new house finally up! sorry it took so long! i just found the camera cord   
grandpa i miss you during the holidays  smile  you are always in my thoughts!
christmas shopping officially all done   thank goodness!!!
enjoying the new wii fit! it is so much freakin fun!
2 feet of snow!!! wow!!!
"watching hoarders with caleb   we are both scared, and probably going to have nightmares   scary people out there!!!!"
"enjoying the house cleanup, and organization!!!!!!!"
"shopping!!!!!! so excited there are 3 different malls around the house, and an outlet center!!!!"
