abf92a0684094b3413c63b31fddd2950
is floating to sleep on a pink cloud 
is totally beat 
is really stressed out 
just bought a 7 lb lobster for father's day  good day 
today is a good day in the life of <propfirst> 
"is on a no-carb, no-fat diet "
"just got back from rhode island, and boy is he tired "
is back in the cycle 
"just had sweet, tender buffalo sirloin briquettes marinated in teriyaki sauce and it was delicious!"
just saw 131 lighting bolts on his drive from jersey city to philadelphia  it was kinda scary but definitely very exciting 
is going to see <propmale> potter with <propfemale> for her birthday!
is going to sleep finally!
is all kinds of loneliness today
is moving to jersey city on monday 
"is making a fat-free, sugar-free diet vanilla cheesecake  <propfemale> (of course) gets the honor of trying my questionably delectable, technologically-enhanced confection   laugh "
"aw, thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! i had an awesome weekend and wish i could've seen you all  ::hugs::"
they're gonna put down my doggie  this is our last night together  i wanna just die 
i'm not taking losing my car very well
rest in peace marek 
went to raystown lake this weekend for a vacation and came back with a job offer!
i start my first day on the job tomorrow  wish me luck 
"well, first day at work was fun, but what the hell am i doing with my life?    ugh "
nothing gold can stay
the ego is the path to suffering  i will transcend the limitations of self 
i love my life and everyone in it  it just saddens me there are people i'll never get a <propmale> to fully know 
i don't want to move    sad 
halloween parade!
"<propfirst> prajna paramita, the generosity of wisdom"
"well, my wow account got hacked  my gold is gone and my characters are all naked!!! ahhh"
is going to watch avenue q for christmas!!!!!
aw thanks everyone! you guys are the best 
is in so much pain 
"well, physical therapy it is then"
"well, i'm bored with my life  i guess i should go to medical school "
"i love my life, and all the people in it  <<group hugz>>"
"omg get me out of here  forky, i hate you! i am so bored!"
