224eebf516058acd8a2b563a272ec9e4
outtt happy new year!!! txt 345-9114
home and sleep  smile 
"out and about, capones?"
working 12-11 yee-haw!
halo 3 odst niggaz
fucked up zzzzzzzzzzz
xbox live bih
f u n 
zzzzzzzzz-ing
work 3-10 smile 0 text 345-9114
workin 12-8
workin 4-11 arugh
"no, you!"
yay working all week   
awesome weekend! gotta love the goose
last day at old store 4-11
"eating out    (food, not your sister)"
answer this and you win! : what word begins and ends with the same 3 letters???
football pool   gotta win some cash money
grillin some ribeye and ny strip   mmm mmm
movies aren't scary
i need picturos
that 70's show
and hot & spicy cheez-its
sleep  ahh yes    
call of duty modern warfare 2 has arrived    
feeding frenzy
just got home from work    fml
watching me some <propmale>
hulu - the office - scott't tots
"just watched ep 11 of <propmale>, wow   "
mmm sweet n sour chicken and some pork fry ry!
sleep time yet so early  confidential 
o o herp derp
working all day 12-11   yea i know! text it 3459114
wooo     work all day  txt 3459114
yay    driving back to work
"yay work till 10 smile 0   text 3459114, not like we are busy  troubled "
nice christmas in atlanta  home sometime saturday night  wink 
snl gilly christmas  laugh 
outtt bowling and shiz    345-9114
holy fuck just got home   longest night ever and a flat tire just tops it off     i will be sleeping for 16 hours now
sleeping forever   text and wake me up
"seriously wtf   going out, fuck it"
working at 5 till close   
finally home from work    ugh
i need a new pic  indecision 
working again  4 to whenever they let me out  about 10 smile 0  txt it 3459114
manhunt in ze woods! oooo scary!
uber tired  indecision  working like 5-9 on new years <propfemale>  gross
workin 5- close
"woke up today and felt like i was still moving from last night, and then an onion came out my nose when i threw up  happy fucking new years "
"3 hours of sleep, maybe? working fml"
only 3 hours or so left of work  laugh 
work till 11 or so
chillin    literally
back to work  till closing  troubled 
out shootin some pool
new celllllll
19° f outside   let it snow let it snow let it snow
watching some <propfirst> rock: bigger and blacker
fist pumpin like a champ! this show is hilarious
"on lunch, back to work until closing > >"
low of 16° tonight    eeek!
another night out    
working 4-12  gonna be a fun time   
"what a weekend! back home, getting ready for work > indecision "
"working at 4 then who knows, sleep sounds good"
lunch break  laugh  back to work till about 11  sad 
"siick   fever, achy, sore throat   sick"
where can i find this 'sleep'?
work work work
81° outside!
gonna play some mw2   like a boss
yay work!!! > >
modern warfare 2 time   shit going down
first finishing superbad
i can never find this thing called sleep   
who just called me with *67
going to bed early for once? nah!! mw2 time
what! 4 cheese potato perogies!?!?! omgahhummm
dinner then for some mw2!
taking a piss  thought you should know
holy shit worse piss of my life!!!
3 more days of work then party har har har
frozen chocolate fudge poptart = orgasmic
got a date friday night with <propfirst>  maybe he can bring his goose too  wink 
just 1 more day of work   
another mw2 night   friday couldn't come any sooner 
tonights gonna be crazy  and club tomorrow night?
i just passed out as soon as i hit the bed and hour ago 
"work can suck my clip, swallow my bullets, and dont spit ewww "
work sucks  never enough time to get shit done 
i have given up on sleep 
"suck week at work, and it still isnt over  family guy and xbox night "
8-)
futuristic sex robotz  wink 
snl  laugh 
turtle beach headset x11  smile  time to put it to use
taco night!!!
fresh cut
worked till midnight   chillax time
long weekend  running on 4 hours of sleep  totally exhausted
watching kick ass   gotta love teh internetz
kick ass was pretty good  to the next movie! i have a feeling im gonna watch alot until xbox is fixed    
finally going to sleep
the longer you wait for the future the shorter it will be
adventure to wal-mart!!
much better    
spartacus: blood and sand 
pssh who needs sleep? all nighter and still going
oh jupiters cock!
"alcohol makes the world go round, literally "
wow the dudesons are fucking idiots  much  love 
feeling like a waffle with nutella  back when i feel like it   
watching californication till sleep  laugh 
moar!!!
californication season 3 - fin  watching a movie
going out 
red dead redemption   start
ifubeqwouy
headin out  chill night
fuck the haters
i beta tested your mom!
worked 12-12 smile 0   tired as fuhhh
worked two to two  just got home  goodnight
35 hour week  now 2 days off  laugh 
hot as balls outside!
l4d2
watching rudyard kipling's the jungle book 
time to decapitate some zombies!
plants for hire  laugh 
"hmmm   just found a concoction of ham, cheese, potatoes, and green beans in the fridge  most interesting"
worked 12-12ish  mmm drinks are waiting 
mmmm digorno
woo out to best buy!
woo just got sims 3 $20 off
late night adventure to <propmale> and back!  confidential 
just back from <propmale> :$
back to back parties  good weekend so far  laugh 
work 4-11  yay for 5 hour energy 8-)
chill night  tv sounds good 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
time is flying faster then i can keep up   
krusty krab training video!
hebrew national beef franks and tmz  laugh 
likes not liking 106549806 pages 
home from work  ugh
kohls shoppin
"new this, new that  things are looking good "
work early for once  out at 7 smile 0 c smile 
been up since 6 am  thats a first in awhile 
out and about
work 3-8 then w e
mmm enchiladas
just up from a nap  annoyed \
xrazy makes sense
time to headshot some fools
work at 10am fml
catfish fo finner
doing something tonight fo sho  wink 
back on the ground  good night
yay for power out! stupid transformers
orange chicken and <propmale> <propmale>  love 
hugs are life's rainbows?
out
leftover chinese  smile 
out and about 
o k  night 
work till 11 or so  yeehaw!
ooot and aboot ;p
<propmale> varn park! that's what it was  laugh 
<propfemale> crunch for breakfast!
work till 7 smile 0  woot
har har har
dinna and tv
long work day  tired as fuhh
gettin some crack from target
not looking forward to work today   ugh
workin till 11  annoyed 
twas a good night  for most of us haha 
tonight i am lt  <propmale> raine  costume party
had a good night! work 11-7 then chillin after with some awesome people 
nom nom lunch
7 11 free slurpee!!!
outtt  who knows where?
off work early for once  oh what to do
predators tonight
corn dogs are on the menu  <propfemale> batter dipped c smile 
prob gonna pass out after movie  up since 9am with no sleep  annoyed \
home from a double movie night  woo
work till 11ish  yeahh <propmale>
hungromnomnom
work work work  off by 11  sad 
"holy fuck! we close at 10 p m  that doesn't mean take your time and shop till 11, then get to the register and we have to put half the random shit back on the shelf because you didn't have enough money! to top it off she wanted paper bags too  gtfo!!!"
next 2 days off from work   smile  gonna be good
good morning  laugh 
"inception 7:45  be there, or be square  wink "
on a adventure  confidential 
my oh my
"back to work till 7 smile 0 :,("
work at 6  troubled 
no work for 3 days  ready for some fun  wink 
minute to win it
mmm roast beef and swiss with that spicy mustard  laugh 
outt   oh you kno!
oh shiiiii nigga
work 6 to close > indecision 
workin as late as midnight  sad 
wow outta work early  smile 
mmm chicken cordon bleu  laugh 
out  doing me 
wow like what just happened there? o o
"yea we were about to drive in the drive thru, and this fat bitch walks over to window, we thought she wanted a cig, and she ask us to roll the window down all the way or some shit, and we said no and started to leave  so she was yelling 'they coming for you!' or some shit, and got and her car and chased us down back roads until we lost her but then ended up driving on the same road she was coming towards us!<(\)?"""
sleeeep <('')
work 6 smile 0 to close  sad 
3459114   what else am i gonna do at work? o o
"feelin fre$h, headin to work "
-_-
drive shower food drive party drive food drive home sleep
zzzzzzzz       x_x
back to work till 7 smile 0  troubled 
just won $200  laugh 
let zeus strike <propmale> bowman so he stops poking 
going out dodging lightning bolts
going out at 2 a m    xtreme socializing
om nom num cinnamon toast crunch
horseplay and roughhousing = horsehousing
wtf moar rain??!
cheez doodles and the simpsons?
uno on facebook is win
just woke up from a nap o o soooo hungry then back to sleep -_-
shower and food  then work till 10 and poker night after?
puttin on my poker face 8-|
and now im outtttt
uno on fb time
about to crashhh  
tomorrow should be swell  no work and lots of play time c smile 
just gettin home  lolwtf
lol taser gun vs snakes on a plane
let the fun filled night begin   
uno  laugh 
????
mean muggin you  > indecision 
?
work 2-10  yippee!!!
"good lunch, back to work  "
"party, party, party,  let's all get wasted"
3 hours of yard work and time for dinna -_-
owww my head
finally home x_x
shower then drinking some watermelon  laugh d
goodmorning freaks  smile 
working 5 smile 0 - 10 surprise 0  plans for after? you know it!
haven't slept in my own bed for a week now  laugh 
working 3 - close > sad 
whipped yogurt    frozen ???
staying in for once this week  laugh 
"give up, robot!"
you win robot  troubled  i quit at lvl 48
@pplebees
that 70's show and dinner  laugh 
 indecision 
balls
> indecision 
"rock <propfemale> lifestyle, might dont make it "
sleeeepppppp ??????????????? work in 5 hoursssszzzzzzzzz
?zzzzzzzzzz
sleepin in my own big bed and pillows  love 
lunchhh break then back to work  sad (
nap? yes!
om nom nom nom
fml
working 6 smile 0-10 smile 0ish  crying 
off work  time to partayyyy
outttttt! txt it  
finally home     successful night  laugh 
work 5-9 then partayyy again? oh yes
thank you 5 hour energy
i just ate $3  sad 
fuhhh   passed out after work and now i'm up  troubled 
no work tomorrow  smile 
watching the book of <propmale> 
yay work 2-730
blah blah blah
"dark chocolate ice cream mixed with bits of fudge brownies and pecans, almonds, and walnuts   smile "
"sometime, i just want to copy someone's status word for word just to see if they notice "
i watch mtv's scarred while eating dinner   laugh 
wrok form 5 smile 0 to 11  gnnoa hvae fun!
work at 10 am  gonna be an early night  annoyed \
oh so nice 73° outside  smile 
shark week on netflix  most excellent   
"staying up till 7, sleepin in till 5  wonderful!"
fried chicken mmmm gudd
xboxing commence
stupid crackdown
shower then work till 11 > indecision 
jalapeno combos  love 
drinking venom to start off the night   laugh 
working 3 - 11  fml
ooogly boogly
oot nd aboot!
watermelon 4loko  love 
going on an epic adventure
effffff
work 7-11   eh
i have gave in the the temptation of <propmale>   laugh 
here we gooo!!!
more work 3 smile 0-111111111
they should of released game fuel again for halo: reach!!
rreeeeeeeaaaaachhhhhhhhhhhhh
gettin paid from 2-8
it's about time i start reaching!  laugh 
work at 10 am > sad 
k-k-k-kegggggggggerrrr  laugh 
here we go
thank you taco <propfemale> for being open till 4am on fri-sat  love 
4pm breakfast    nutella waffle sammich  laugh 
"im feelin so fly right now, like a g6"
pred preh  you figure it out
pooblix till ten
wooo woo work till 11 ohhh yeahhhh
dinner at grillsmith
"oh <propmale>, so glad you are back  love "
lolwtfbbq
fresh haircut  smile 
fire  smile 
new family guy  love 
lol after this shitty episode of family guy  fuck rush and republicans!
work 2 smile 0 - close yarrrrrrrrr
boob tube for a whhile  maybe some netflix?
"to all birthday wishes, thanks  uhm yeah c smile "
this 3-day birthday weekend couldn't come soon enough!
cake and watching 28 weeks later  night fb
"sick > sad \take meds, watch <propmale>, watch adult swim, pass out, sleep in  "
work everyday till saturday
"drive yourself insane tonight, it's not that far away and i just filled up your tank earlier today "
lolololololololololol
work for a few hours    arrughk
frickin cold out derr
"\(352): we were fucking and all i could think about is how my silly bands were glowing in the dark \"""""
"\(352): hey i never found my wallet but i did find a bag of 14 soft taco supremes(1-352): i have your wallet   trade you for the tacos \"" \",224eebf516058acd8a2b563a272ec9e4,day 7 of work   3 smile 0-11
zomg steak now
my tulips! you <propmale>   
everyone talking bout dem tacos!
pssh who needs sleep   
doh!
gudnite
catching up on <propmale>  ep 4 and 5 
get off my <propmale> you stupid fucking jew!!!   
annnnnnddd out
just had another eargasm thanks to birdy <propfemale> <propfemale>
fuck good morning
httm then bed
scrub-a-dub-dub work 7-11
"hot tub time machine, popcorn, and sleep  work in the a m "
"what were we doing before facebook, myspace, google, youtube, and other related sites???"
attempting to sleep  work in 6 hours
just bought toy story 3  confidential 
caught up on some much needed sleep of 16 hours  woke up freezing 
"<propmale>, without the towing this time "
conan's back!
lololol
brb conan
dexter: s5e07 circle us  laugh 
scrub-a-dub-dub it be wednesday
hmm
why hello there mr  black ops  laugh d
good morning
i'm a crazy mofo
grab my ak47 and fuck up some kids  later
bees
i'd like to thank the people who invented sunglasses  thank you  now back to sleep  smile 
noles winnn!
yay <propmale> time
ohh noooooo!
work 12-8  bye
black ops and maybe nom nom bees later
10-630 at publixxx
chocolate chip caramel filled cookies  playful 
enslaved 6-9isheverr
round 2 at bees and after
today is gonna hurt  passing out after work
work was hell!
never again will i work 9 hours on 2 hours of sleep  especially the day before thanksgiving  thank god for two 6 hour power  now i need a beer or two! d:
"you're a\\fuckingbitchasscunthomewreckingdramastartingfaketwofacedbimboskank  smile "
dead-tired exhausted    going to sleep until its time for turkey 
om nom nom nom nom
nom nom no moar x_x
hey look a couch and tv  hello football
oot and aboot
work till close  sad 
jenga night!!
i feel 100% absolutely like shit!
<propmale> then sleep   
feeling better  it doesn't hurt to cough  time for black ops  laugh 
wow this 101 fever can fuck off right about now
work   oh joy
everybody is sick  at least i'm not alone
"agenda: sleep, wake up, get marathon pro, go to work, go to old skool super nintendo party, get crunk, sleep "
gtfo youtube ads
   
only 2 episodes of <propmale> left  confidential 
the walking dead  laugh 
pubbing 3-10
getting cozy for the walking dead finale  smile 
"its cold but im going out  later, text it"
internet is down  sad   text it
feeling better thanks to my 'therapist' lol  internet still down so    watching <propfirst> and kumar then sleep early for once  love 
taco <propfemale> trip   damn commercials
i haven't missed you fb 
finally i can watch <propmale>  finishing up the season with 11 & 12 finale   laugh d
its been awhile  hooters  laugh 
awesome   its only below 20
heading to the bat cave
i love a s s  you figure it out 
yay work tonight  laugh 
work 1-9 yippee!
lunar eclipse tonight  laugh 
time for some christmas black ops  laugh 
gooodniiight   long day ahead
combat training love 
combat training love 
<propfemale> corn dogs and family guy  love 
"getting fucked up on crown, margaritas, and beer!"
wayyyy overdue for a haircut
outback  mate!
reese's puffs or coooooookie crisp? decisions   
i just got scammed 5 mil  lol nerds
black ops is a good way to vent   
pubelicks 10-6 smile 0 > sad 
cheez doodles
2 girls 1 crepe
i said good day!
lol stupid slore   
mother fucking spider on the back of my neck  you dead now biznitch!
relaxing until l pass out  work at 6am  smile 
jeepers creepers and sleep   
its been awhile   time to get wasted!!
later haterz
holy shit! drop the dam marshmallows!
i vow to not i do 
black ops  round 5
watchin space jam!! 8-)
my mission for tonight: couchlock   happy 4 20!!!
don't cut me off or ill fucking <propmale> you down going 80 and ride your ass    -_-
pink <propmale> and the beatles on a record player  laugh 
mmm white chocolate <propfemale>  smile 
"why do so many movies also come out with a shitty game? like avatar, and now thor    :-$"
publix chocolate <propfemale> ice cream =  love  fudge heaven  love 
staying up for escalation? yes
<propfemale> palin is a vpilf!
"\call of duty hq is e playful eriencing high traffic right now  please try again later \"" \",224eebf516058acd8a2b563a272ec9e4,what is going on at <propmale> snow? police blockade from both directions???
