35ef1feec794108db1f032c875e38d63
 smile 
running!  smile 
i cud get used to this  wink 
time waits for no man  wink 
i need a new phone ; 
what a game  smile   love la
my titters bday weekend oh whaattttttt  wink 
shopping!
"438-4836, <propfemale> your down with sublime you get funky fresshhh,lyricssss"
sunburned  ughh!  annoyed 
gona go look for a job!  smile 
i love <propfirst> (keepin up with the kardashians) he's such an asshole it's funny! hahahaha
watching mi <propfemale> loca  wink  love it
"man, i really love my parents!  laugh "
i need to go to rtb!!!
hmm it's an ugly day but not ugly enough! century mall wooohhooo  smile 
"hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you, the one you love, not the person that'll simply have sex with you  love "
"needaa go get my haiirrr donneee  annoyed  ,, boorredd"
ugh some guys are pigs! > sad 
rock the bells! love 
"if they hate, then let 'em hate & watch the money pile up"
"like my status and i'll tell you one thing i like, love, dislike, a confession and first impression about you"
interview today!  laugh 
going to my aunts house  laugh  ! i missed my brudder!
i only date nerds  laugh 
eatin ice cream with toe  smile 
that low-pro hoe should be cut like an afro!
uptown later  laugh  doni timeeeeeeee!!!!  love 3
embellished with talent & the wisdom not to abuse it
"blessed with insight, friends & influences; that's what keeps us dope, what makes us dope is the surroundings  smile "
"aww,, erics wrestling tournament tomorroowww  smile "
going to see sublime at the oc fair !!!  smile 
"nowadays the songs on the radio, all drive me crazy"
i'll make you smile for the simple fact i'm good at it  smile 
uggghhhhhhhhhhhh fuckkkk niggasss
pathetiiccccc fools   fub lyyyfffeeeee!!!!:  love 
"you fckin freak, now keep your days out my week!"
efffffffff youuuuuu !
life be a bowl of melted ice cream   
"if your not smiling, you're ugly!!  laugh "
the resurrection love  nobody gets tupac like i do  smile 
"knotts <propfirst> farm tickets $25, six flags $25, & universal studios $50   hitttt meee upppp  smile "
"i'll never let a nigga get that close to me, & you aint cracked up to what you was supposed to be "
ftp
"wana get with me, with no money? oh no! i don't want no scrubs!"
i like the way you walkin if you walkin my way  wink 
"if you're wondering if i want you to, i want you to  smile "
hated by many but i don't care cus i'd rather be feared than loved with a pocket full of dubbs !
i really wanted to see a tribe called quest!!!!  crying (((((((
can i kick it ?
"i'll always love my momma, she's my best friend  smile "
"once i had a love & it was a gas, soon turned out to be a pain in the ass"
borrredd in this haunted house  sad 
i used to know this woman who had the most beautiful tattoos on the top sides of both of her hands love 
fuckk youuuu if you're going to rtb  sad 
i want a man like o-dog   dowwwnnn af! love 
"girls ain't nothin but female dogs to me, bitches!"
"chiillennn,,"
very happy! love  smile 
my schedules wack! fuccckkk sr year!
they need to have eruption by <propfirst> halen on guitar hero haha! that would be so hard!!
i  love  the gym!!!!  smile 
there's never a boring night with my lumberjackkkk smile  love 
what's good for toodayyy! & eeff whoevers going to rtb    annoyed  
dude why am i awake hahaha
it's mad that i gave half the day to last nite  annoyed 
bros before hoes!!!
so i'm the only one in the whole world who thinks the last song is wack as fuckkk hahaha  
"to live & die in la, it's the place to be"
chillennn with my titterrrr  smile  it's hot af!
college is for ugly chicks who can't get modeling contracts hahaha
i hate it when guys talk to you as if you're actually interested haha
whaattsss goooddd for toniighttt?  wink 
if you can't say love justice will prevail & even love will overcome & all evil will fail love   smile 
hey young world  laugh 
tech n9nes alriigghhttttt    
"when life gives you lemons, you paint that shit gold! smile "
awww poppa jaayyyyy  smile  he swears hahahahahahaha
hospitalization is the initiation !!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahahaha
being singles cool as shit but man am i bored hahaha
do i love you? do i lust you? am i a sinner cus i do the two?(;
so pink <propmale> just inspired me to be <propfemale> for halloweennnn haha  laugh 
los angeles love 
my brother says i'm the <propfemale> of dirty looks lmaaooo!! i  love  it!
ugh school tomorrow! i lost my stupid schedule   whatever!
"life, i wonder  will it take me under? i don't know "
i  love  ms  fat booty smile 
when is tolentinos hw due???
hahaha just got the funniest failed prank call lol i loved it  smile 
whattuupp for tonight !!(;
staying hoommee tonight  annoyed 
man i miss my old hair  annoyed   
i wana go to sanfrannnn!
like this status and ill tell you something i dont like about you!
"cute couples make me sick   yes, i am a hater  sad "
come on down reggae style! smile 
omg i'm so interested in aliens i cant wait till i meet one!  smile 
<propmale>$$ lliifee peeegeeee!
bored as hell & i wana get illll!!
"$5 haircuts @ slicks barber shop this sunday 12pm-5pm  fundraiser for cancer, all proceeds go to the american cancer society  come support my family smile  for more info hmu! thanks love "
dope weekend!
ass so fat that you can see it from the front!  surprise 
"don't do it for a man, men never notice  you do it for yourself, you the fckin coldest"
vote my best friend <propfemale> garcia for homecoming court!!! smile 
"hmm i feel like, wierd   idk  annoyed "
i really wana see incubus & slugggg @ smokeouuutttt!!!!(( smile 
so i'm the only one in the whole school without a homecoming date   fml  sad 
just finished this dumb shadowbox now i gota write about itttt! the fuhhhhh   i hate being a senior annoyed  
so apparently i act like a guy   we need to do something about this ahaha
man this weekend sucks balls
doing my homework on a friday night   this is just lovely smile 
"yes, impassible   nothings impossible! hahahaha"
nobody wants to go shopping with me  sad 
nobody wants to play rock band with me  sad 
i got my manly traits from my mom smile  my love for beer & hott wings
yeeee came up on some lipsticckkk smile  i love my mother love 
"can't fight against the youth, cause we're strong!"
wth why does every guy at sf have blonde in their hair? get a new style it's old already
i love clueless smile 
vote for <propfemale> garcia smile 
i am the coolest person you'll ever meet
i love classic rock! it's the best & idc what you say!!  smile 
i'm in love with tupac love 
everyone come support at the relay for life! it's 24 hours at lake center  thanks ( smile 
"it's a beautiful morning! i think i'll go outside for a while, & just smile smile "
ugh wtf man i'm so bored!  sad 
dts
effin bored as efff man!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> hills so dope man
frankly sir i don't give a shit
"people should love <propmale> marley for his music not just cus he smoked weed -,-"
the best gift in life is your cool beautiful mother smile 
down for a mission tomorrow??  laugh 
slightly not stoned enough to eat breakfast yet stoopid
bored as shit @ homeeeee  sad  hmu
nooo phhonnee  
dope night hope you niggas had fun haha
my dad is so cool he got a sublime tat   my inspirrattionnn smile 
i love not having a phone i feel so free!  laugh 
dooooddd dress shopping is a pain in the ass man
i like chillen by myself cus i'm the funniest person i know  smile 
finally got my dress!!  smile 
i'm tryna do better than good enough
wow i would have a huge pimple before the dumb dance   -_-
homecoming game smile 
congrats to my bbbfffffff <propfemale> for winning homecoming queeen! ily love 
"that \oh yeahhhh\"" from jersey shore is getting real annoying"""
i am officially a vegitarian smile 
"ain't nobody realer, ain't nobody iller (;"
universal & knotts tickets hmu
"like this status and i'll tell you: \1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2 the color you remind me of \3 my first memory of you \4 the animal you remind me of\5 ask something i've always wondered about you  \6 my favorite thing about you \7 give you a weird nickname  \8 challenge you to post this "
it's the best day evverrrrrrr  smile 
life is worth much more than gold love 
i'm just pissing everyone off today now aren't i?
dude fuck whoevers going to smokeout  sad 
i'm bored  sad 
what's good for todayyy? smile 
someone go to the mall with me!  smile 
"in many ways they'll miss the good old days , someday"
"fun\ game!! im going to name a band and whatever the last letter of that \bands name is you have to name a band that starts with that letter  ok \go!"
"there's a lady who's sure, all that glitters is gold"
i fake it so real i am beyond fake
good vibes love 
dub that's wussuppp(;
sublime reminds me of a better time
"i love you sweet leaf, though you can't hear"
cash grass or ass
"geeze everyones all stressin,, i'm just chillennnnn smile "
what a buzzzzzzzzzzzz
too swifft on my toes to get caught up with you hoess
surrounded by idiots
"sometimes i feel like my only friend, is the city i live in, the city of angels  lonely as i am together we cry"
less friends = less drama!  laugh 
going to san fraaannnn smile 
"you see, people they don't understand"
everyday i'm hustlinnnn (;
lifes too short so love the mom you got  smile 
words can't describe how much i love sublime & how great <propmale> was!! love 
almost acoustic christmas! <propfemale> down  smile 
hated by many but i don't care cus i'd rather be feared than loved with a pocket full of dubs
i love mcdonalds forever love 
"if you were you & just you, talk to you? maybe"
a friend would be nice  sad 
i guess i'll do the why whatsup   so like this mess !
spending the day with my mother  smile 
ain't no woman alive that can take my mommas place!
i'm thankful for my mother & these brat siblings i have  i'm also thankful for myself cus i'm the best
learn to hold your own
you're not the only one but you're the best bradley love 
bored as tiiiiittts !
everyone in this life can smd
like this mess & i'll confess something lol
never thought i'd do this but follow smile   dizzyv tumblr com
can't wait till summer smile 
i'm gonna smoke all the weed i want idc what anyone says!
finally got accepted into a college hahaha
"actions have reactions, don't be quick to judge  you may not know the hardships people don't speak of  it's best to step back & observe with couth !"
hahaha its so funny that people like that song black and yellow lol
just in my room being a slob 
idk why people i don't know try to add me  like where the fuck did you find me !
gosshh i love led zeppelin in every way possible!!!!!
"life's not a bitch, life is a beautiful woman  you only call her a bitch cause she won't let you get that pussy  maybe she didn't feel ya'll shared any similar interests  or maybe you're just an asshole who couldn't sweet talk the <propfemale>  "
"nobody even knows what it is to be a fan  to truly love a little piece of music or some band so much, that it hurts "
"long you live and high you fly, smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry  and all you touch and all you see, is all your life will ever be "
"when the doors of perception are cleansed, things will appear as they truly are"
flopped bitches are the best  smile 
i hate when people get all sentimental when they're drunk hahaha like stfu !
i'm probably the only person in the world that likes math haha  smile 
shout out to my mother for giving birth to me on this cool day !!  smile  thanks everyone  love 
a clean room brings good vibes  
battle la was the funniest dumbest movie ever hahaha!!
"i've noticed that when people are joking they're dead serious  & when they're dead serious, it's pretty funny "
i  love  life  smile 
the more you accept <propmale> the more you accept rastafari !  love 
according to my brother i'm just the friend that everyone stands by to look prettier   
its so funny how everyone is ugly in middle schoool lol
i  love  pepper !!!!  smile 
sooo i wanna see ziggy marley !!!
damn hot cheetos are bommbbbb
