d4e8142e3df1f6665cddfc8273ea2d87
blah!
happy new years!!! lets makee itt memorablee? ha
grill cheese? smile  yes 
my head hurts  i realyy dont wanna start school tmro and im super confused with this whole facebook thang  haha help?
getting off  this is kinda confusing(= haha bak to myspace  peacee
school started today  no idea how i can get used to this  lol high school man  who knew??  anyways im bored uhm yupp 
head hurts  im tired and my laundry is way to far to get outta the washer lmao  lazy much? i think so 
mmm no whats on yurr mind  ha laugh  answerr that!
fricken bored  get at thee cell laugh  getting off  myspacee?  bahahhaha yawwuupp  ducess love 
sleep sounds good 
yay  my mamasss heree whoop whoop! lol smileyy facee
bah  done with homework  how fun?  sikeee  this dude was tryin <propfemale> hard to make <propfemale> mad but i reeeaallly didnt give a flying saucerr  ha sucks for him  dumb boyy 
im sick sad 
sick sad  stayed home from school  ughh
havent checked this in a whilee playful 
youu knowww 
head hurts sad 
homecoming dance tonight smile 
bored  smile 
" playful , tiredd, want coffeee ha yuupp "
yup 
loser is movingg sad  ughhh
nothing 
doinhomeworkk 
dontt care 
i need more colorful plastic seeweeds? please and thankss
eh 
never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game  playful 
never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game 
"morning, afternoon whateverrr "
homeeworrkk over thanksgiving break! smile  ha  gobblee gobblee  happyy wednesday everyonee smile 
happy thanksgivingg smile  gobble yuppp  ha 
nothinggg 
wow  ha i hateee homework  anyways  tuesday  three more days and its hello weekend smile  excited? oh yeaahhh  laugh  ha  blah blah blah bye
sick frowny 
"one of my wisdom teeth are tryna comee in, it hurts! ughh day was good tho smile "
so coldd and soooooo tireddd
blahh 
"coldd, drinkin cocoa  mmm "
ugh blahh!
"i lovee the snow, hopes it keeps goiin smile "
tummy hurts  dayy was goood tho  smile  homeworkk-none! smile 
"finished the floww chartt [typeing] part of the project, still have the culminatingg assesmetn  annoyed   this sucks  haha"
"blahh blahh, moms tmro ferrr sisters 14th birthday! smile  haa"
happyy 14th <propfemale>! iloveyouu hun!! smile  <propfemale> briese
happy 14th freakinn birfffdayy sissy! i lovee youu kiddo smile 
<propfemale> christmas evee!! smile  iloveeyouu 
<propfemale> christmas smile 
soooo tiredd 
motorr boatt! smile  <propfirst> meleisea maulupe
"mintues makes hours, makes sencond makes days  idk its from a songgg ha "
watchingg the wedding planner! smile 
tiredd 
    
i wantt a grill cheese sandwhich smile  hahaa  mmmm playful 
watchingg the notebook smile  i love love love this moviee!
happy new years evee! smile  goinn to moms tonightt(;
happy new year  smile 
<propmale> comes over later today  smile   love 
<propmale>'s here  smile  !  love 
"<propmale> leffttttt, had a really good time  smile   love  but i miss him alottt now annoyed  haha "
somee people need to stick to theirr own buisness and butt outt of others! ha
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle to cancer and the one ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% wont copy and paste this   will you?)"
blahh saturdayys att homee  hmmm smile  im offf 
"i miss thosee \remember when moments\"""""
todayy wass   mm  [    ] blahh
getttinn offf 
 
i dontt havee a good feeling about this week at all  sad ( i cantt ignore itt eitherr 
sundayyy>>>> lifetime movie dayy  plus  tea smile  ha lovee itt 
i hate complicated situations! ughhh  annoyed   
no schoool today && tomorrow smile 
att moms ferr thee weekend! smile  gott my food handlers card; ha laugh 
justt finished homework  and its 6 thankgod!  smile 
"\yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  and today? today is a gift  that's why we call it the present \"""""
"good dayy  but, i hate mondays smile  ha "
im offfff  shows comingg on soon smile  ha oh yes 
i hatee testts 
hello theree smile 
imiss youu! smile 
"'what is the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space, the beginning of every end and the end of every place?'"
kids are so annoyingg  all i hearr is arguing and it sucks! weekend wasnt the best and neither was coming home 
hello weekend!  smile 
baking peanut butter cookies  smile 
"tmro's uncle's && cousins birthdayy  smile  happy happy happy happy, happy happy happy happy ,   uhh      birthday!  smile "
"appearently we cant \become a fan\"" anymore what the hut the?"""
friday! sun oh yes  smile  weeeeeeekend! ah excited  ha  smile  not 
summmmerrr! ahh i love ittt  smile 
im outttt  smile  nighttt! aha 
warm summerrr nights  love 
i love summmerrr  love   smile 
its not pretty out todayy  sad  ehh stupid washington weatherr  but its friday!  smile 
stupid washington weather! its not even hottt 
"i hearrr fireworks  smile  haha, weird "
"bored attt homeee, textttt me  smile  its not that pretty outt either, ehh washington "
its rainingg  annoyed  ehhh  well on the bright sidee the week is almost overr!  smile 
i love awkward moments! s i k e 
in for a longggg weekend  happy fourth of july weekend!  smile 
fourth of july birthday party tomorrow; should be alott of funn  smile  happy fourth!  smile 
"worked out, && tanned today i feeell    burned lmao  it was funn tho  i love the sun  love  anyways texttt me  the fourth wasnt as much funn as i thoughttt, ah welllll   loves  smile "
"i love this weather!  smile  sucks i gott a sun burn haha, oh wellll  imm offfff but textt me (;"
summer nightts  love  i love the hottt sunn  excepttt when it burns me  annoyed  aha oh well i gettt a good tannn!  smile 
its so hott!  smile  i think swimming sounds like a real good idea right nowww 
its nice and coool in my house  smile 
tan and swam today alotttt of itt too  smile  had funn  pretty cool  ha
"saturday  love   smile  leaving dads soon, hopefully  haha laterr "
"my head hurts, and im cold "
"watchingg a movie, tanning laterrr  byee  smile "
"mm, whateverr "
  annoyed;
i love annoying kids   annoyed 
"song stuck in my headd,  love  greeeaaattt   smile "
today is goin by so fast 
happy birthday <propfemale>! i love you bessshfrrraaaannn  smile 
annoyed 
ocean shores this weeekend  hopefully  smile 
annoyed 
jersey shore in 5 mins!  smile  ha laterrr 
not a happy friday 
summer is almost overr  ah welll 16 in 10 more days  smile 
1 weeeeeeek smile 
jersey shore  smile  watching drama is way better than dealing with itt 
4 days  smile 
16 tomorrow 
"brother and sister made me breakfast, and decorated the house for me,  laugh  too cute! thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i love you too haha  smile   love "
thanks everyone!  smile  i love you too haha (;
"party tomorrow,  laugh "
"party was fun, 4 showed  thanks   efff yall who didnt come "
"ahh, its hot! "
its hottttt  smile 
"summmerrrr, has gone by way tooo fasttt  schooool starts up sooon  smile  kinda excited  ? whaaaaaatttttt "
the little red marker wont go away!
i hate it when people type like this ! so annoying 
"some of the questions on the 21 thing whatever are so mean!  laugh  hahahha  wow, just wow "
at my dads house  smile  today should be fun 
great night  smile 
"wow, some people never change their ways, ha "
"\it is better to ultimately succeed with the truth than to temporarily succeed with a lie\"""""
"if you really knew me you'd know im self conscious about myself, i strive to fit in at school, i hate my lazy eye and what people say about it  i love to help people, but i keep things bottled up on my own end  and im really not the shy person you'd think i am "
"\failures are finger posts on the road to achievement \"" -c s <propfirst> """
at my moms work  smile 
"at my  moms work, and its not bad at all  smile  i like ittt "
"at my moms work again  smile  && its friday! , pretty tired "
"filling out job apps; at my moms work doin community hours    smile  plans this weekend, hopefully  laugh  i just love fridays "
hanging with arii tomorrow smile 
had a fun weekend  smile  brave day tomorrow at 10 ish 
"\never let your prayin knees go lazy  and love like crazy\""  smile  love that songg! no idea who sings it but its a good song haha  smile """
"realising everything that is about to be put on my plate this year, just made reality set in a whole lot quicker  this is what i wanted, what i set my self for, my goals are this close to being achieved and i think im ready for this year  smile  i just cant believe its going by so quick "
"blasting music thru my head phones and reading the notebook to drown out the yelling that continues constantly at homee  school in less than a week, wow   smile "
clearly this isnt working 
confidence: wear it like make-up ;
"last i heard, we were losing, ehh dang <propfemale> "
in a really good mood  smile  listening to rascal flatts  love 
shopping today was beyond stressful  found alot of cute things tho  smile  dying my hair tomorrow 
"tonight baked potatoes for dinner  smile  tomorrow, work out and whatever else  school in 3 days, good lord "
annoyed 
"pack up your troubles in your old <propfemale> bag and smile, smile, smile"
"new year, new start  smile  tomorrow   love "
"my days are short, but it was a good one  smile  despite the fact my radio didnt want to cooperate for the ride home it was great, ehh stupid radio  either hallways seem smaller or people just do not know how to walk with their legs anymore "
"today was intresting enough  im so tired,  what i wanna know is , whens homecoming  smile  ? hahah  goodnight  love "
"only in seattle will you see people walk their vaccumes  laugh  haha, good times love , my spelling sucks sorrry  smile "
"tired, i dont like mondays;"
orientation with pierce tomorrow night  smile 
"ahhh turns i wanted the week to go by fasterrr than it is, my orientation is tomorrow! not today  smile  simple mistake  awwwuh okay  tomorrow is going to be memorable  love  im excited  smile "
bad day   annoyed 
"ugh wow  i love this feeling, its greattt! not  night "
"i start pierce tomorrow,  smile "
"today went good  smile  homework the first day, not to bad tho  traffic really sucked goin to and from pierce  lookin forward to the fall quarter  smile "
"awwuuhhh so cuteee  smile  heheee, goin to bestfriends house tomorrow after school for the game  then homecoming dancee withh <propmale> saturday  love  i love weekends "
homecoming tonight  smile   love 
not a good day 
"longg day, lots of homework from spanish,math && anatomy phys  plus draft essay for my english 101 class  done ughh that was alot   wellll, its better i got it all done early than stayin up late like usual smile "
"dear week, please move faster  smile  thank you "
"i just want to write you in a song, put your smile on paper so you can sing along  smile   love "
baddd day   annoyed  just ugh 
beauty and the beast is my favorite <propfemale> tale princess story everr  smile   love 
"run away from money, quit your job and climb a tree, one with hearts instead of leaves, build a sandcastle and  paint it <propfemale> with the sun rise love "
psat's in a week  oh mannnnn  annoyed 
offff school friday  smile  appearently <propfemale> is offf monday but pierce isnt sooooo lucky themm  smile  uhmm yupppp  studying for anatomy && phys test and the psat's 
trying to make plans for friday and so farrr its already confusing! thank you brain for your cooperation  eh 
friday : movies w branden then game  smile 
"today was good  smile  i drove to and from pierce with out using the gps, now offf to do some <propmale> studying "
"verry goood day , we won our gamee ha yupp  41 to 35  smile "
greeen tea sounds real good right now!  smile 
loveerhalfff is leaving me  sad  byee ari!  love  iloveyou 
weellllllll 
"dear week, please go faster  thank you - love  <propfirst> "
"just cause you have one, doesn't mean you should act like one "
"slow week! please go by quicker, ugh im tired "
"when you're stuck in a spiral,\to change all aspects of the spin\you only need to change one thing "
it feels like it should be 6 
can deaf people hear in their dreams?
"tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow  smile   love "
movies today  smile  then family time   love 
really good day  smile   love 
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this "
"wellllll, today just isnt a great day  i cant believe its only 5 something "
"for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also \\~matthew 6:21"
"\a loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge\"""""
bestfriends house today  smile  excited  love 
last night was pretty fun  smile 
in memory of my grandmother im goin to wish you all a happy 'hallelujah' night  smile   love 
tonight consists of homework and passing out <propfemale> to the little kiddos that come by  smile 
"passing out <propfemale> is definitely worth it, these kids are so adorable all dressed up and wanting <propfemale>   smile "
"days like this make me wanna curl up under my covers and watch sappy love movies with some warm tea  smile  today was good, pretty tired tho  definitely wanting to take a much needed nap "
i got hot tea  smile  but im still freeezing!
 smile 
"today draggedd  really tired, but    two more freaking days till the weekend  smile "
"\for every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it  for every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it  for every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it\"""""
"love is accepting, not e playful ecting "
"don't try so hard, the best things come when you least e playful ect them to "
let go of what is gone and hold on to what you have 
"in all your remembering, remember that you have choices "
"you think you look strong because you can hold on, but strength lies in letting go "
"though many people will go in and out of your heart only one will want to stay there  if you bulid a heart full of holes, think how much easier it is to <propfemale> on "
"\the power of imagination makes us infinite \"""""
i love christmas commercials  smile 
"abc familys 25 days till christmas movie marathon  love   smile  the holidays make me happy, definitely excited "
reeeaaaalllyy tired   annoyed  and its not even 6 yet!
not in the best mood 
<propmale> thorpe  love 
"hola !  smile  so im doinn this thing for children during christmas time at a hospital (if they let me),  if youu have any old stuffed animals you would like to donate let me know  smile  thanks  love "
"hola !  smile  so im doinn this thing for children during christmas time at a hospital (if they let me), if youu have any old stuffed animals you would like to donate let me know  smile  thanks ?"
nap sounds good  smile   love 
chinese food  smile  excited 
today should end already  i'm so tired 
you would think living in washington people would know how to drive in the dang rain! slow day 
jakhdkjhdjakshjshjdhs << is all i have to say right now 
"dear week, pleeeaaaseeee go by faster  \ love  <propfirst>  smile "
this week definitely sucks  i need it to end like now 
"everything you want is yours, but only if you believe its possible and are willing to do the footwork  the moment you have doubts is the moment you lost it "
welll this week could have gone way better  really dont want to do this paper due monday   annoyed 
"what we are is god's gift to us, what we become is our gift to god "
"kids with special needs are not sick or gross, they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i ask you all a question? is anyone willing to post this and leave it as ur status for at least an hour?  it is special education week and this is in honor of all unique children  smile "
trying to finish this paper and well its not goin good at all  ughh 
its snowing !
i offically dislike my english class 
almost done with this dang paper ! im tired 
done with my paper  smile  i feeel accomplished now  kinda   wellll goodnighttt  love 
i love the way the snow looks on the trees  smile  i think winter break is goin to be good  smile 
"schools should have been closed today, this is dumb "
"not going out to pierce today, way way to scary  heard the roads are like really bad out there  be safee everyone  love "
"im confused, do we have school tomorrow or not??"
me and mama are goin to play in the snow after dinner  smile  super excited 
that was fun  smile 
bout to go for a driiveeee  smile  haha  laterrrrr 
"goodnight  love   smile  so tired, i can not keep my eyes open haha "
sometimes it is only in the eyes of another person that you can see the beauty in yourself 
i think today is goin to be goood  smile 
anywhere but home is where i want to be right now   annoyed 
leavinggg sooon  love   smile 
 smile  had a an amazingg night wifff <propmale>  love 
<propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> thorpe  love   smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile   love 
"\you change your life when you change your heart \"""""
family time love 
gameeeeeee  love  0-0 wth?
i love when songs get stuck inside my head and i cant gettt them to go away  haha  smile 
25 days till christmas!  smile  && yes i am counting today as 1  haha  love 
abc familys christmas movie marathonn  love   smile 
"it's\christmas       not x-mas!!! don't remove christ from his birthday!!! \post this if you agree       please don't x out the lord!!!!! (i would \like to see this on   everyone's wall!!!)      if you agree please repost  laugh "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children  just in case you were wondering why peoples pics are cartoons  smile "
"\warning! the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles  they're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon  it has nothing to do with supporting child violence  its on tonight's news  pass this onto everyone who has a cartoon profile picture!\"""""
no more pierce until <propfirst>  3rd  smile  oh how i loveeee how fast this quarter went  finally! no more essays afterrr this e playful ository one and no more ridiculous readings!  smile 
<propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> thorpe  love   smile  iloveyou 
really stressed   sad 
finally finished my final essay for pierce! now time to tackle the rest of my homework   annoyed  cant this week just be over already? not one of the best ones 
whats with the numberrr thing on the statuses?
this week could have gone a lot faster and probably a lot better  thank god its finally friday tho   smile  excited for this lovely weeekend 
"\i didnt know you had elves working here! \"" -\""does <propfemale> know you left the workshop? \"" hahahahaahaha elf  love """
bestfriends house today  smile 
had fun last nighttt  smile 
"today could go a lot fasterrr, or just get  a whole lot bettter   yeah right   smile "
asdihaksddaks;; yupp 
"2 hour delay  thanks to a power outage,"
"wow, whatta day,  smile "
bestfriends comin overrr soon   smile 
bestfriend is finally here!  smile 
anywhere but home is exactly where i want to be right now! ughh!
"5 days till christmas , 3 days till my lovely sister turns 15, and 2 days tillllll i gettt to seee my boyfrannn  love  this week is goin to be a good onee  smile "
leaving sooon  smile    4 days till christmas and 1 day till i get to seee my boyfrannn  love 
toooommmorrrow!  love   smile 
 smile  movies laterr wifff <propmale>  love 
today was amazing  smile  iloveyou <propmale> thorpe  love 
my sister turns 15 today and my loverhalfff comes home for christmas from oklahoma!  smile   love 
"my sister found her present i hid and made her go on a scavenger hunt for, and i just got a text that loverhalfffff is finally home!  smile  well she landed anyways   love "
"greatest man in history named jesus  had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe jesus is the reason for the season  love "
watch movies all day ?  smile  sounds like a plan  love  merrry christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryonee   smile 
it really doesnt  feel like it but <propfemale> christmas!  love   smile 
hanging with ari smile  she leaves tomorrow  annoyed 
i get my new phonee laterrrr  smile  <propfemale> excited 
noottttt a veryyy good day but at least its almost over!  smile  and i got a newwwww phone   love 
today should be good  smile   love 
finallly got to seee <propmale>  smile  today was greattt !  love 
<propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> thorpe  love  i love him soooooooooooooooo much  smile 
powers back ha  i hate power outages > sad 
"\let go and let god \""  love """
nottt at all excited for my night class later   annoyed 
the future depends on what we do in the present  - mahatma gandhi
"homework, homework homework  ugh its like homework is eating my lifee right now "
today was goood  smile  i lovee fridays  tomorrow is bout to be goood too  wink 
brandens coming overrrrrr  smile   love  so excited 
<propmale> leffftttt   had a good timeee  smile   love 
"\e playful erience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes\"""""
the sun  love   smile 
"im tired, and this old man will not go to bed   annoyed "
"believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven  this is simple  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this "
today was great  smile   love 
"study, study, study  ugh too much!"
my boyfriend is making me wait to see whats in the little valentines bagg   rude butttttt!  smile 
<propmale> was here love you baby!!!  love 
its so pretty out  smile  i love sun  love 
2 hour delay  i want no schoool   annoyed 
i want friday to come fasterrr   annoyed 
thank god tomorrows friday  not the bestt week 
i miss <propmale> thorpe  love   smile 
"im tired of school, i wantt summerrrr  love "
late start tomorrow   smile 
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
"this little light of mine, i'm going to let it shine   smile   love "
stupid phonee  sad ((( ughh!
<propmale> prom tonight  love   smile 
"tomorrow is friday,  smile  finally! i dislike slow weeks and this week just draggggeeddd   annoyed "
<propmale> comes ova tomorrow  smile )  love  can't waitt 
