a6188e4b0b2e79ccd6a49f7a13be3e70
just said goodbye to her best friend till december    sad 
"so much stress and so many negatives to end the year, but one amazing positive anniversary to ring in the new one  thank you for being so gracious!"
i jumped on a smurf in line at the bank because that's how i roll   wink 
i'm a cousin! again! <propfirst> was born around 6 this morning! mom and baby are great!
i love you so much girls! thanks for the prayers!
poor paper  if only you didn't have to be written by me  sad 
"\does it count as being lost if you never left the place at which you were to start?\"""""
so i just taught my dad how to use facebook   hahaha! need i say more?
i forgot how amazingly small newborns are! i already love my new cousin <propfirst> 
"\who gets to decide what's considered beautiful?\"" that's a really good question  any thoughts?"""
"maybe it's better asked this way  \who in our society gets to dictate the standard of beauty and why do we let them?\"""""
i know i've been at work too long when the stress of it all makes me laugh so hard i start to cry!!!!
"you can not understand me by reading the words on a <propfemale>   nor can you discern who i am by the perceptions of those with fallible e playful ectations   you may never know me, unless you peer through the eyes of the one i love "
"8 days, 3 more exams! almost there!"
done!!!!!!!        for two weeks 
i look like a mess  i feel like a mess  but i'm almost half way through painting! no paint in my hair yet!
it's summer!     and i still can't keep up with everything 
finally! something in the sports world i might actually keep up with!
it feels good to laugh!
"sometimes i wish it was possible to discard the bad days, but i suppose in discarding the bad days, i would discard my ability to learn from them as well \ sad "
"still got a couple of laughs in me despite   or maybe because of the night \ smile "
(sigh) i'm being laughed at   again 
"humpty dumpty sat on a wall,\\humpty dumpty had a great fall \\all the <propmale>'s horses and all the <propmale>'s men\\couldn't put humpty together again "
really starting to feel better  thank you for all the prayers and well wishes!
"is wisdom a quality that attracts you to someone? \what makes the wise people in your life wise?\or how do you identify a wise person?"
"hahaha! i could easily bring back some memories and embarrass about five or six people, including myself  today i found pics from 11 years ago!  awww, fifth grade friends!"
"i am so tired, but thankful for the strength i've been given today  i'm thankful for the generosity my parents posses and all the sacrifices they've made for me recently  i'm thankful for my family, both the biological and the one created through friendship   i am thankful, for friends i love unconditionally, respect greatly, and admire deeply  thank you"
just got home from a long night at the og  oh so many things to say about close    
