3b9d9540328b737f25e2c70562716bf3
"ugh, today's so boring and slow  mama's lucky she gets to <propfemale> out with cid this weekend  its been two years since i <propmale> out with cid  sad  anyone wanna <propfemale> me $15?"
summer kinda sucks in that i get so high and sleep when ever so much that i lose track of time 
anyone else think its funny that the maximum amount of characters for a status update is 420?
bored    annoyed 
"life's going to be good from here on out, and if its not then you can all go fuck yourselves  playful "
the atoms that make up me were once created inside a <propfemale>  not only am i in the universe but the universe is in me 
everyone loves kb x)
ive become nocternal  the sunset my alarm clock and the sunrise my lullaby  goodnight(morning)  smile 
"bored as fuck, going to bed  good news though, ill be at greys in 11 hours! x) i cant wait to see how all my friends have grown  "
chillin with bre today  going to go walk around the old neighborhood and see how much shit's changed 
"im sorry for the neglict to my florrisant hazelwood friends  ill show you some love once i get back smile  (and yes im talk about you, <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>)"
"boring and simplistic exsitance i thought i'd miss you, but go away  i need something new  repeating the past is not my forte  someone with a car and a lot of love for me come swoop me up and lets go somewhere south "
muhahhhahahahaha!! 'bout fucking time i figured it out  if theiving were a profesional sport i'd be a pro!
"slow day, i gotta learn not to sleep til 1 in the afternoon "
"smoke like a chemney, drink like a fish  i love you mom "
"im the best around, nothing's going to keep me down  "
"can i safely say i know my soul? i didnt do all this for nothing, thats for damn sure  but im having a hard time sorting out all the lies  i'll just wait, hopefully i find the proof before i die "
im tired of waiting for something to happen 
beelzebub
"i have a challenge for you fuckers  go find a satanic band that doesnt play metal music and ill gve you a cookie or something  no really give it a try, i found it to be impossible  which raises the question, why do satanist like metal music so much?"
nothing to do now cept get high eats snack packs and watch dbz abrigded  my life fucking kicks ass!  laugh 
i wish i could fly
"ah, i love mornings, drinking a cigerette and smoking my coffee  smile "
how do i know that youre hot if you wont let me touch you? fucking strippers    annoyed 
"man, im a real shitty friend and sleeping away all your days is not recomenned but it is one way to live  blurry blurry shiny  "
if you know what you got then you dont have much 
"this is shitty, i still dont have anything to do tomorrow for my birthday   cough* cough* hint* hint*"
"she helped me open the door to my mind, but it was only an empty room  i realised it wasnt myself i wanted to discover, but rather i wanted to rediscover the place i came from; the world that is "
i can make you smile  smile 
fuck drug dealers
"im not care free, no im free to care i just never do "
someone please make me smile  
"sometimes, i just want to copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they would notice   "
"what color should i dye my hair? im thinking black, well 'cause thats what i usually dye, but i kinda want something different this time  sugestions?"
flaming lips consert tonight!!!!!  laugh 
my mind is clear and focused but my path is scattered with brush piles
"tonight im having dinner with my family and in the morning ill be leaving  peace out, hope to see you all again some time down the road "
to live in the hearts we leave behind is to never die 
"yep, i know i'm pretty lame "
"40 something days left! damn, counting down days until i get home, this feels like rehab all over again  annoyed "
look at how much some people change  look at how much some people dont 
i miss you all <---------------this--------------> much  laugh 
"i dont know what im going to do, but i think it'll work out no matter where i am  i wish i could be a nomad "
dude my gauges fell out and went down the drain in the shower  fuck! but its all good  thank you grey for showing me how to make ghetto gauges  smile 
thanks for everything but i got to go change the world now  smile 
<propmale> harris-moore is a fucking beast!
i never saw this one coming 
"she says i'm an artist  i say she might just be wrong  i'm the kind that comes and goes without leaving a <propfirst>, but if its really me you want to leave in your heart, go ahead  i'll either move you or move right through you "
where am i going?
i blame everything just to keep my hands clean 
wet from birth
lucky bastards dont have school  as for me i cant lay down and sleep without coughing every 30 seconds  so enjoy your day off while i go drudge around the school in a half awakened state  playful 
super happy  today is going to be a good day  laugh 
no school  right on  smile 
part of me dies when you're not around  part of me comes to life when you're not around 
"ever have your mind go somewhere else and then its like you're not even in the same room and your body somehow goes along with your mind somewhere else? yeah, its like that kind of feeling "
life flows on within you and without you 
it is no measure of good health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society 
"the government has released information stating that they have identified and documented 57 different alien species  the only reason this isnt in the mainstream media is because they dont want you to know  listen, we are not alone  its time for humanity to wake up and realize whats going on "
"long night, but oh so much fun "
"if youre gong to fuck up anyway, you might as well fuck up in such a way that it leaves people wondering how the fuck did you do that?!"
"the only thing that last forever is time, and we all get lost to it eventually "
fuck!
dubstep  making my ears shout for joy  laugh 
where do straws live?  smile 
st  <propfirst>
all that is earth was once sky
"optimism: i've got to keep living life like i don't think the world's about to fall to shit; live like i have no hate or distrust for anyone; live life believing that my heart will only get worn and bruised, never broken "
stark words from a sharp tongue  fuck you  love you 
"eh, fuck it "
"\fuck you  fuck you  fuck you  youre cool! fuck you! im out! peace \"""""
i believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality 
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too quiet to be screaming out loud, but fuck, its like all i can do inside my head  screaming is bad for the voice but good for the heart "
xiu xiu  love 
you really cant understand how it feels  it's like i just woke up and the past 5 years were a dream  now i dont really know where i am or where im going  i dont know who i am  i still got that serpent running up and down my spine and it fills my head with light 
"one for me, okay, now one for you "
going to st  <propfirst> today and ill be there til sunday  so fucking excited  laugh 
"photos are just like stars  the image you see isnt of the present, its a glimpse into the past  new found respect for photographers, for they create stars "
"it all kinda just seemed like a dream  just woke up too soon  so im gonna do what i always do when i have to wake up, coffee, bowl, cigarette  and no one to enjoy any of it with "
i dont get as many first times any more  e playful erience and knowledge have come to replace the inner child  you can only burn your hand once without knowing that that was what was going to happen to you if you touched 
"i made up my mind  not sure when yet, but im coming home "
im getting nowhere
