aebad0b7f6de888a2b6e9124437932d0
today is our last day of freedom!!!! noooo!!!
i went to dq for the 2nd time this week!!!!!!!
i found a $50 on the sidewalk!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i just got back from my cabin; it was sooooooooo boring, and i'd rather be at fun fest "
i wish it would stop raining  and for the humidity to go away!!!! forever!!!!!
three days until i go to duluth!!!
two days until i go to duluth!!!!!!!!
i'm going to duluth in 1 1 2 hours!!!!! so excited!!!
i just got back from my cabin  i was on the north shore for 5 days and it was <propfemale> much fun!!!! my aunt got me a new camera!! it was a great week 
"right now i'm babysitting  there really cute, but its freezing here!!!"
i had to go to the eye doctor  i hate stupid eyedrops that dialate your eyes  i hate them so much!!
just got back from my cabin it was so hot there and i got 20 mosquito bites 
going to the fair tomorrow!!!
"the fair was really fun, even though it was rainy  the food was awesome "
the school weeks finally over!!!!!!!!
so sick of school  already 
is going to the twins game tomorrow!!
don't you hate it when you have to do something you don't want to do?
i finally got my new books! i have been waiting forever!
just got home  so tired and had to talk to waaay too many people today  don't you hate it when people you don't know know you and talk to you?
"we had a school lockdown today  it was weird, and our bus didn't come till 4 cuz the other schools were locked down too  there was a robbery at the holiday, and they didn't get the guy "
i'm so tired
"we lost  1-0  i hurt  it was fun tho, and they were all shorter than me which was awesome!!! i like feeling tall "
my dog just got a bath and it was so funny watching her  but now shes all fluffy and wet 
i can't wait till tomorrow so exited!!! nyc!!!
"in less than 5 hours, i will be in new york city!!!!"
new york city is so awesome!!!! love it!!!
"finally back in minnesota, but new york was good  i had a cold or something but its better  i spent a ton of money on clothes and our hotel was awesome "
went to the doctor  i have bronchitis or pneumonia  worst day ever 
i love the snow!!!
just got back from the fundraiser  conferences 
i hate math homework
<propmale> potter 7 was sooo good!!!! i can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!!
"got locked out of my house and had to walk 2 very, very cold blocks  pure awfulness "
we're free!!!!!!!! no school!!!!!!
just got back from shopping which was a lot of fun  i saw lots of people i knew  now i'm like broke
"just got home, got a ton of homework and there was a  gas leak at my house, i guess, so i had to go to a neighbors "
we have a mouse in in our house!!!!!!!!!!!
"so the mouse that was in our basement got \dealt with\"" lol it died by committing suicide; it went into my dogs water bowl and drowned  out of all the ways to die"""
i hate it when my computer crashes
i really should be doing homework                    but i <propfemale> don't want to 
going out to dinner with my family to celebrate my birthday!!!!
just got back from pf changs- it was fun
"just finished science fair!!!!! yay, i thought it was never gonna end"
i just got home went shopping forever
todays already a bad day i hav strep
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!! hope everyone has a good one!!!
i got a phone!!!!!!!!
hanging out with the family
babysitting 2 little boys so cute
going to the movies to see true grit
hope <propfemale>ryone has a good new years <propfemale>!!
thank god science fair is over!! forever!!!
shadowing at de today
i love chocolate cake and i hate climbing ropes
its <propfemale> cold outside
yay the tests are finally done!!!!! it only took 3 hours
whoever invented school should suffer
thank god its the weekend
yay my phone works again!!!!!!!!!!!!
ski trip!!!!!!!!!!!
"i love <propfirst> lanz\-syd"
the ski trip was fun but now i'm super tired
i hate shoveling!!!
i love floor hockey!!!
freedom!!!!!! kind of gotta work the carnival
eye appointment tomorrow  sad  i hate scary ppl coming at me with eye drops!!!!
shopping at rosedale!!!!
chillin with syd <propfemale> and <propfemale>    movie marathon
bored
the ulimate breakfast  lunch is 2 donuts and a cupcake
the one day we actually hav homework i hav to go to the spring concert and i can't do my 2 projects  sad 
