1631dba1f95c0c940440ede76321ad21
singing a little <propfemale> gray    oh yeah
life is one big annoying circle   
"controlling yourself is easier than controlling the world around you  can i get a \hooray!\"" for paxil?"""
"i can't handle stupid people  like the guy who stole my $1,400 dollar ring  my  new motto: never trust anyone  ever"
awww food      mmmm  such comfort
skipping class is a no no but falling asleep in class is worse  right?
halloween was awesome! that extra hour to party was the best part  lol!
we have all kinds of medications to fix our problems  tylenol for pain  malox for indigestion  but there is nothing you can take to heal a broken heart 
feeling slightly po'd
its such a wonderful day! i just woke up now at 3    thinking i deserved this
its sad how people dont know what they have till its gone
<propmale> took me rollerskating last night! it was so much fun! i haven't been in 13 years
all work and no play makes <propfemale> a dull girl
yada yada yada blah blah blah
im so excited i could do a jig! my brother is moving back to kansas! now i can keep tabs on my little emma   ya!
is too tired to care   will revive so i can enjoy my weekend off
sometimes you forget about the people who love you the most until your all alone
sitting out by a bonfire  stars and open country  nothing can beat this
<propfemale> was so cute today! she came up to me n gave me a big hug n kiss 
la-de-da!
will take initiative!
going on a picnic!
its saturday evening    startn to par-tay! woo hoo!
there will always be a scar
its a great day to be alive! except the cloudy weather is killn the mood   
ya! its friday! doin a jig
<propfemale> up  shoulders back  there! now im ready for work!
sometimes you just feel a-l-o-n-e
im told you can count on only 1 hand the amount of friends you can trust in your lifetime 
your future looks bright  (fortune cookie)
saturday! and i have off! hmm   what to do?
lets go blow some money
straight up balln!
has decided her life isn't as f*cked up as some people's
totally having awkward moment right now n just using my phone to get out of it   
hungry for a nice big steak 
was up at 445 this morning for work  retarded
feeding the ducks   
to party? or not to party? that is the question
i saw that going differently in my mind   
i can already feel my bed underneath me   my eyes are heavy  lack of sleep or the drinking game that came with the party last night?
with the mini <propfirst> stuffed to the gills we are well on our way to omaha  nothing screams family bonding time more clearly
ummm 
some things were never meant to be
riverfest!
nothing is ever as it seems
work could not be more boring
super excited bout working this evening  not!
<propfemale> does not come with old age 
is getting on the swings
<propfemale> limeade time!
it was like a slap in the face- a punch in the gut  i didn't know what to say  sometimes truth hurts 
tired but so happy it doesn't matter how heavy my eyes are 
is going to make a change in her life   
going rollerblading  smile 
will not put up with any bs today
trying to see thru the mess i've made  then you came along and made everything right in my world  smile 
going to the lake tonight with my babe! im super excited!
we wouldn't worry so much about what people thought of us if we knew how little they did - aunt <propfemale>
so full of happiness i feel like i might burst!
pain is weakness leaving the body
headed to wall park  hope theirs some skateboarders
super excited bout this weekend!
life is 10% what happens to you and 90% on how you react
kanopolis lake are you ready for this?
should i go to the wedding or not?    i can't decide!
hanging with <propmale> 
'content' would be a good way of describing my feelings right now
wow! contentment doesn't last long   lol  now i wish i had a <propmale>  this weather is just right
going swimming! woo woo
aunt <propfemale> is coming to visit! this means lots of delicious food    
r i p  butch nightingale  you will be missed by so many
of course if aunt <propfemale> is here we are having liver n onions! duh
short night    ugh
i can't believe how exhausted i am   
in the last month i have made so many new friends  i couldn't be happier
shopping with <propmale> n <propfemale>  will take pix of <propfemale>'s new outfit n post on fb
i wish i was riding in the grain truck with <propmale> instead of going to work   this sucks
my one day off in 7 days isn't really a day off at all 
super excited about the manor soft ball game today  along with grilled hamburgers n a volleyball game following   
possibly moving into my new apartment
good night world   
finally moved into my 'new' apartment  thanks for all your help <propmale>  couldn't have done it without you
wishing i was still in bed   
my stomach hurts  crying 
making monster cookies tonight with <propmale>  anticipation is mounting
unpacking boxes today   loving moundridge with its quiet little streets
how do i rate? a flat tire 230am 
putting up sweet corn     playful 
putting margarine on a fresh ear of sweet corn is like putting sour cream on top of pumpkin pie  
not sure what to think   ill just stop thinking  brilliant idea!
o what a beautiful mornin! o what a beautiful day!
if it makes you happy!    it can't be that bad!   if it makes you happy  then why the hell are you since sad?
in a land far far away   
when i get off work at 2  im going to bed  for the night
<propfirst> doe: you still love me right? me: i like the idea of loving you 
there's gonna be a party tonight   !
got offered the opportunity of a life time! phoenix arizona for 6 months during the winter  job is offering 15 an hour  should i take it?
finally got saturday off for the unruh reunion! can't wait to see my family again
this has been one of the best unruh reunions i've been to in a long time! thanks everyone that came  im proud to call you guys my family!
9 shifts in a row  shift #1 today  why did i do this to myself?!
teach me how to dougie
btw meteor shower tonight! 9pm cst
babababa baddd to the bone   
if you push the 'like' button on this status i will personally write something that i like about you n post it on your wall
i really really want to go out tonight! haven't danced in so long   
hi ho  hi ho  off to work i go
so ready for the weekend
every morning mercy is new
aunt <propfemale> n grandma are coming over today to help me unpack boxes cuz they know how bad i hate opening boxes n having spiders pop out at me  i love my family
going to watch the e playful andables
in <propfemale> a french kiss is called an english kiss
loving life
ready to take a long nap 
never did get that nap yesterday  or to bed early 
everything is perfect  that scares me   aunt <propfemale>  always said 'if it sounds too good to be true  it probably is'
got some wheels today  all thanks to <propfirst> holdeman  he's the best car dealer ever
i am so ready for a completely different job  any suggestions? besides anything related with nursing or hospitals 
getting excited bout halloween! what to dress up this year as????
double pay? sure i'll work on labor day
get to watch my lil <propfemale> tomorrow! can't wait
is learning to trust more difficult then building it back up again?
happy  that's all i got to say
if i got a <propfemale> for every thought i had of you   
after 2pm today i will be on a 9 day vacation  i've been living n breathing for this moment for the last 2months 
going to montezuma for lindseys wedding 
it turns out that our motel was as crappy as i feared it would be 
you boys ready for this? colorado here we come!
even the simplest act of kindness can make someone's day 
such a beautiful day!
going to the zoo with <propfemale> n aunt <propfemale> n <propmale>
why do i have to be up?! the sun doesn't even want to be up yet  
got a flu shot today  my arm hurts  sad 
getting my hair done n taking myself out tonight to dance off the stress of work 
someone told me i look like <propfemale> ried so i have  now dyed my hair dark brown
decided i needed to smile more so when i'm old n gray my wrinkles will create a happy looking face    
off to work i go  i will take a nap when i get off work  (i hope)
getting to work 25 <propfemale> early  that's a record folks 
"<propfemale> for my thoughts? o no, i'll sellem' for a dollar  they're worth so much more after i'm a gonner"
my life is pathetic  i don't know what to do with myself if i'm not at work  but i dont want to be at work 
saturday night and i'm working a switchback   how lame
haven't stayed up this late in awhile
"eat,sleep,work,eat,sleep,work"
good people should be glad there are bad people to help them realize their good
going to watch tron in the new imax theater tomorrow :b super excited!
thankyou to everyone for the happy birthday wishes  it means a lot to me  headed to see tron at the new imax theater   smile 
when pigs fly
i love my job 
  even white boys got to shout! baby got back!
o yeah   merry christmas  everyone!
*sigh* where's the sunshine  sad 
lovin this weather!
wanting to go out tonight   feeling bored
wishing for some fun   to suddenly strike down upon me  come on people   its friday!
got all excited about working out only to find that <propmale> took the nice headphones to arizona!  sad  and left me with these prehistoric ones  not cool 
going out tonight  anyone game?
it took an hour and a half to get from wichita to moundridge yesterday evening  ridiculous  winter sucks
i was only mesmerized by the snow for 3 <propfemale>  now it would be great if it would disappear
picked up an application for the first time in 3 years  (i can't imagine working some place for 10+ years) i'm so excited and nervous! wish me luck 
i'm good at what i do
firemen are so hot  (no pun intended)
countdown begins! <propfemale> here i come!
headed to hutchison  can't wait to see you <propfemale>!
<propmale> is coming home today! woohoo!
"i have off this whole weekend! shake, shake, shake your bootay!"
bustn out the stilletos tonight girls! cellll-i-br8 good times  come on!
since everyone else is saying something bout football i guess i need to as well? woohoo! super bowl sunday!
the rumors are true   we're gonna have a baby!    smile 
if anyone has any ideas on how to fight nausea   please let me know 
"feeling way better today  plus i get to work with all my awesome friends this evening! :b <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and marrissa "
you too <propfemale>  sorry you're not feeling good tho 
day 1 of moving day: rearranging storage unit 
somedays i really hate my job  i'm not sure i'm cut out to be a nurse   
i love our new apartment!
i cried tears of happiness today  it's been 3 years since i've done that  i'm so happy with my life 
eggs fried in bacon grease (over easy) and buttered toast  mmmmm
being human   syfy channel  awesome
nothing like reaching for the spare roll of toilet paper only to find a huge brown recluse spider on the roll! talk bout being caught with your pants down    
how do you relieve stress headaches  i've drank gatorade n taken tylenol over 3 hrs ago  hot shower   etc  anymore tips would be welcomed
life in the fast <propfirst>  surely make you lose your mind!
"just go to your happy place, <propfemale>  happy place"
"march is ms (multiple sclerosis) awareness month  i am asking if every1 could please put this as ur status for 1 hour if u, some1 u love, or som1 u know has ms"
in bed  and it feels nice 
yes  it is true that i have a 3 day weekend starting tomorrow  i am also smiling because of it 
going to work  sad 
"don't be fooled  just cuz i'm prego doesn't mean i don't want to be out gettin tipsy like the <propfemale>, but i'll just stay at home tonight "
just brushing it off
going thru the motions
