0c283f1fdb2d8446f8976a2845a3b129
    breathe     god is blowing smile 
"i have never met a person whose greatest need was anything other than real, unconditional love  you can find it in a simple act of kindness toward someone who needs help  there is no mistaking love  you feel it in your heart  it is the common fiber of lif"
tillukku <propfemale> og <propfirst>!!!!!!!! eg eri so ræðuligani mega alvorligani glað!!!!!!!! juhuuuuuuu
blue sky rain and black diamonds are all one of a kind
við múrin atgongumerki til sølu!!!!
"við múrin í gjár, til dk í morgin, so beinleiðis á g! tá vit koma aftur og so víðari á ólavsøku   wiiii    lekkur vika smile  smile "
er útbrend
is exciting about school!
why are words so impossible to put together when i am tired????
when i went out this morning i stoped to listen to the effect the rain had had during the night 
happy happy heart
leaving on a jet plane    now!
is anyone heading from sac 2day?
worship worship worship      with so much joy
crap   dunno how to become a female again
redding has moved to the faroe islands  we have the most idyllic faroese weather here  just my kind of weather  wonderful!!!
checks in the mail sometimes come in the form of tickets     and i love it! it speaks my love language because i love concerts and to be surprised
"vinur vælkomin ver, millum ungdóm í dag    tralalala smile "
is looking so much forward to 20th oct 2009    i am gonna kidnap my sister that night! no choice_ _ _
?dis?ci?pline?
happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happy     oh how blessed can i get? i have absolutely no idea at all!!!!happy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy happy happy happyhappy
uhhhhh      upphiting til g! er byrjað  yummi
don't tell me intelligent things to day because my brain is not working
"yndisligt danskt er, og harrin forbjóði at føroyskt í føroyum fær liviligt kor ! mong er tann sál nú í himmlinum er vegvíst av danskari tungu og presti, men fáa vit føroyskt ! eg svørji tað her : til heljar so fara teir flestu ! - poul f  joensen"
is going home on sunday
"and the grand question remains, should i cut off my hair?"
??????????????????
want to go dancing now! buhuuuuuu        
video attack!!!!!!!!!
ich habe meinem doppelgänger fundet   jah     ich bin einem sehr gut deuchspracher
is honored and thankful  thanks for being in a part of my life:ð
whoever invented bowling made my but hurt    hahha
sakni føroyar!
forgot her keys in the house again    
brandur&beinta forever
is blasted  forever blasted      and i don't even want to get out of this mess i have ended in  it is just too wonderful  too gorgeous 
is packing
"waiting for her sister&shelly to leave for the mexico trip, then there is bed for me, and then library and perhaps a trail-walk with lenne&matt"
got some lovin wrapped in a pack from home kiss 
"far away there is a silent sound, barely hearable  but it always comes closer  like beautiful waves in winter storms  like an increasing crescendo  it is the laughter of the faroese"
loves seattle  it has crazy amazing powerful people  luv them all
"when you get the blanket thing, you can relax, because everything you could ever want or be, you already have and are "
is getting ready to pack      home is approaching wink 
rise a knight
"snowing in may, you never know what may happen here smile "
", jesus & a whole lot of hormones are being sent back to the moment of puberty  it is soooo much fun  me and haldis are not gonna be able to sleep all night  way too much energy   lololololololololllllll let's all get jacked up on jesus"
"the lord is always with me, no wonder my heart is filled with joy"
congrats to lennese moorehead & <propfirst> moorehead!!!! and their beautiful jeriah who just got born smile 
"nú ið postverkið hevur fingið tað frálíka navnið posta, nú ætlar apotekið at skifta navn til hosta, rúsan til tosta, og taks fer aftur at skifta navn – til kosta!"
"treat a man as he is, he will remain so  treat a man the way he can be and ought to be, and he will become as he can be and should be  treat each person you meet as royalty and you will destroy poverty and bring forth <propfemale> - the kingdom within"
er á g!
"i wonder if the reason for loosing spiritual battles is because we forget to plan strategies - from my diary, 25  july  2010"
life is awkward and i love it
"god is the dj\life is the dance floor \love is the rhythm \you are the music"
"dear jesus, i would very much like a new <propmale>  love you confidential "
"missing <propfemale>, missing it so way to much"
mmm    how i love to be here in redding
sits in the faroe islands drinking danish water from a norwegan bottle which was bought in the u s 
i am so friiiikin loved  i actually quite enjoy it  the love thing smile 
how did all the kids end up in universities before me?
be careful with your itunes-account  i just got everythig i had left stolen
watching equilibrium
is seriously high from music
while i was shoveling snow today i came down to the greenest grass  it was as though springtime was under the snow smile 
creating out of love
i  love  haldis svabo jørgensen
stupid ucas sad ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
jesus í deep var ikki bara eitt tiltak  jesus var í deep smile 
think that my iq just hit a low-point  i can't figure out how to use a bike pump
enjoyed an amazing day with katrin svabo bech
ahhh    i frikin stinkin love the moment in movies where the guy falls in love with the girl 
"bah    lorta amerikanarar, ið ikki <propfemale> at óðin ofraði vinstrað og ikki høgra eygað  veit ikki um eg tími at hyggja at filminum 'thor' allíkavæl annoyed "
siti og repiter (<propfemale> hvat man nú einaferð kann kalla tað) til toefl-royndina fríggjadagin  eri so spent!!!!
watching sicko  craziness   seriously!
"mmm   praktfullur morgunmatur saman við við eydgerd nattestad og leivur steintún, so nú er bara eftir at fara í føðingardag hjá <propfemale> johannesen  oh happy day  love "
just discovered that i have racial tendencies against foreign eggs annoyed 
"watching romantic movies, with chocolate-chip cookies and milk  just celebrating what is to come smile "
"bang bash bling\ love   love   love   love   love \shwowos\bliiinged up in the bash\bashed up in the bling\svooooooohs\swoooshing\\- a poem that happened on my skype today smile "
jóhanna suffía poulsen frá strondum er so sjúkliga fitt  love  !!  smile 
"\i love being married  it's so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life \"" <propfemale> rudner"""
am havin some fat angles popin up on google laugh 
"it is amazing what you can discover and rediscover after being healed  just mowed the lawn for the first time since is was a little girl and found out why i disliked it in the first place but also how wonderful it is to feel the grass' softness under my greening feet  \think i'll get up with the sun on my 100th birthday just to walk barefooted it the dewing grass smile "
watching the <propmale> wedding with haldis svabo jørgensen smile  tjemls fpr skype
dance for me my love  dance the dances of beauty  they are cherished  love 
"um tú er uppvaksin við mammusa mati, hevur súkklað við ongum hjálmi, havt eitt sjónvarp við einari kanal (svf) og hevur noyðst at reist teg fyri at sløkkja og tendra tað, hevur spolað kasettubond aftur við einum blýanti og handlarnir vóru stongdir sunnudag  <propfemale>, so mást tú koyra hetta á veggin hjá tær, fyri at prógva at tú yvirlivdi!"
