a35d319f2d3c1bfb51237f270114ac6d
the sky is up
this quiz thing is dumb even if you didnt take a test it says you did
so like whatever
world domination on the mind
ooo i feel hungry     for some world domination and powdered sugar on top
i'm hungry
i am no longer hungry
cats are evil
the power of the horse
i am very happy for birth mother
rain just go away omgosh
the rain is gone yay
rain you are so uncool
numa numa yay
all ye yankee dawgs do the <propmale> <propmale> pronto
or ill have ye skids in a shivy
<propfemale> pride is on me mind
thinks that facebooking on the classroom computer is cool
feels mad at a certain cute puppy and was wondering if we could trade a goofball vase breakiing cat for that cute little puppy dog
says taht away he can raise that dog to take over the world  laugh 
forgives the puppy and loves the cute widdle puppy
figures the puppy never did nothin wrong
wonders why he keeps referring to himself in the thid person
has just put his foot in his mouth cuz he said something stupid
has decreed he shall no longer pursue the nameless one who's name starts with s and is followed up with i and last name ends with k -- r
i love uf gnuk
awww garfunkle
alll who have a xbox 360 must add this gamertag of awesomeness to their friends list: davsvanhelsing
modern warfare 2 is everything i thought and then some!!!!!!
modern warfare 2 !!!!!!! first sargeant!!!!!
"the facebook trick - press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you! (omg! this hella works!! lol that was heca funny!)"
i need friends who are willing to aid me in my quest for world domination; positions that still need filling:
"media corespondance advisor, secratary of foreign affairs, chief of internal affairs and secret operations, puppy dog and <propfemale> kat advisor, public safety advisor, war and peace advisors, foundational awareness artists, propaganda personell, non partisan partisans, lobbyists, and a willing nation who will aid me"
feels as though a billion insect voices just cried out in a <propfemale> little insectoid voice       it feels as though someone had just nuked their little colony with the power of a medium sized <propfemale>       who could do such a thing aside from myself and any little kid who enjoys killing bugs
i have great bad tact like i can bring the worst subject up at the best time
which of these is yours aryahana a  mencimer?
<propfemale>
thinks that no one understands <propmale>     we should all get to know <propmale> better     
has declared universal cynicism day!!!! today i shall be as sarcastic as a howler monkey   as annoying as erkel on a good day   and as unstalkerly as <propfirst> myers
no one can beat me on modwar2
"i shall defeat all my foes with heartbeat sensor       i stalk my prey with turtle beaches, and i make mince meat out of annoying loud mouths"
"it's a world of laughtera world of tears it's a world of hopes and a world of fears there's so much that we sharethat it's time we're awareit's a small world after all there is just one moonand one <propfemale> sunand a smile means friendship to ev'ryone though the mountains divide and the oceans are wide it's a small world after allit's a small world after all it's a small, small world"
holy dingbats batman i've concluded that there are way way too many other people on facebook with hauwert as their last name
says: no more interaction with any human being
wonders to all his classmates why the word fricken can't be used in our spanish skit to describe extreme hunger due to saturday school in high school hehe
if i freaked you out simi then <propfirst> can beat me up (he can try anyways)
says the answer to life is lack emotion
grrr i need a show of comments as to how people on facebook actually dont like me in real life dont lie!!!!! be honest comment if you are kind enough
"wants to start facebook and aquaintances in general with a fresh start so here he goes: hi i'm <propfirst> and i can be really annoying sometimes, but once i get to know you and what your all about i tend to be much less annoying   dont ever go on first impressions cuz they don't really tell you what a person is like"
<propfemale> morrison its ok    i love you and my shovel is ready 
finds all human beings to be pointless organic meatbags and needs hk-47 to dispose of them immediately
the movie was awesome
feels like anakin skywalker after slaughtering all those little jedilings as he has finally brought his computer back from the brink of disaster muahahahhaah
"wyd 2011 to be in madrid, spain"
thinks modern warfare 2 noobs taste like chicken
"brother scooter ain\t coming today but monday stupid snow!!!!!!!"""
my fellow legionaires of the 50st legion   today i put forth a call to duty that tomorrow we must wage a war of honor and greatness against the evil shadow reaper clan   now i ask that all who are members of our dear clan join forth in this 5v5 match on derail in modern warfare 2 answer the call of duty my fellow troopers!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas guys
im back!!!!!! muahahhahaha
is there anyone from mission college that knows me who can hook me up with some books for spring eh??
today is a glorious day for my clan the 501st legion of xbox live has thoroughly kicked the snot out of the shadow reaper clan in a 3v3 modern warfare 2 official clan match
yeeeeeeeeessssss i got my fricken!!!!! txtbooks for college at a better price than the college bookstore  which sucks cuz they are so e playful ensive
yea boy!!! im sett for next sem cuz i gots my books yea
i like flippy hes funny and cool (although i must say he's a <propmale> on the psychopath side)
why am i sucking sooo bad on mw2 right now
"i am on the dean\s list!!!!!!!"""
first class is over
food is on my mind since i haven't eaten since like 11 am  im soooo hungry right now and i have nothing to do for like 2 hours
i got aim now so if anyone wants to add me and should add me then go ahead
lets gooo colts
noooo the saints won yay!!!!!!!
wtf did you do to my facebook you maniacs!!!!
<propfirst> is a big fat numero uno annoying person even if he's my best friend hes still behaving like a schoolboy in 1st grade
we kicked cannuck ass tonight sharks fans
hampster dance!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am a gummy bear
birthday birhtday birthday national birthday
who are you? i'm kick-ass
tasty guiness tasty tasty tasty tasty
im such a good cook hahaha
<propfirst> hauwert you suck!!!!!!!!
gaaaaaaaaaaaa sharks lost to those blackshmucks
muwaaahahahah modern warfare 2 scores of my best game: 57 kills 4 assists 14 deaths (stopped 5 triple teams in a row on domination and they got mad muwahahhahahh)
"dear everyone, im sorry for being kinda mean lately, especially my spanish pals (you know who you are) i am just kinda bummed that the semester is closing the way it is gah hate spanish <propfemale> much   anyways have a good life you guys and baby"
<propfirst> crowder is a fricken genius!!!!!!
"sharks failed in the finals like a alchoholic\s liver!!!!!!!!!! put nabby on disciplinary action for sucking!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"well guys, i will see you all in about a week   taking a trip to <propfemale> to my brother's ordination   ugh 10 hours of traveling and airport food here i go "
finally home guys
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got a c for my math class
<propmale> of persia is a good movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the xbox 360 slim looks <propfemale> good
"gah i want a 360 slim <propfemale> bad, but idk if the wifi and quieter fans are the only difference"
force unleashed 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dear awesomeness, today was a splendid day in modware2 land   i encountered the vile and hated wily group called nukebooster\\10prestige hacking modded controller noobs   i engaged them and defeated their methods, then conducted some verbal jousting with them in which i successfully annoyed the bat guano out of them enough for them to finally go offline  good night,\davsvanhelsing (killer maniac of all things sony)"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=cyatywsdmls
is thinking that maybe he should not have allowed 5o bajillion 10-12 yr old boys trample him to try and get the football that they shouldnt have had anyways and therfore he is paying for allowing it to happen by having his back hurt like hellfire on brimstones
"likes the phrase: \the pope is my homeboy\"""""
http annoyed  www tldm org news9 noaltargirls jpg
has finally got his license!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
repost
"<propfirst> washington was baptized catholic the night he died, and was visited in a vision by the virgin <propfirst> during valley forge"
i gots my acutal license card ha!
man having a school laptop and getting a mega discount is cool
my mom's surgery went well today
mom's home from the surgery and last week of hospital stay
ball game tonight
giants win woot woot
aaaaggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
<propfemale> to god in the highest! on this day i have recieved permission to begin the studies for the priesthood    i hope that all of you will pray for me and i will pray for you  laugh ddddddddddddddddddddd  to <propfemale> i go
yay ive!!! they have 8 years of formation and fssp only has 7!?
<propmale> rambo forever my friends!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
at sfo 3 hours till my flight takes off through security nothin to do drat scat mat a rat hit a <propfemale> bat a cat and rap a nap
come to the come and see retreat this april
