b7d6ca71c27ef4382e7e2cb57f4ce0b7
im back in ohio  yet things all have changed    looking for an artist for a small project to work with
blah    cant wait to go to xfest sick or not sick im goin     
love love love this song       stuck on you my failure : i thought i'd drop you easily but that was not to be you burrowed like a summer tic so you invade my sleep and confuse my dreams turn my nights to sleepless itch
realisant mon espoir            
blllllahhhhh amuck amuck amuck amuck
amuck amuck amuck amuck     what movie is that from lol
"my heart beat stumbles and my back bone crumbles ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
gotta love my cage the elephant!!!!!!!!!!
"how ignorant you gotta be to believe any of this? you need to slit your wrist, get pissed and go jump off a bridge, hahahahaha love hollywood undead they crack me up"
"come little children i'll take thee away, into a land of enchantment come little children  the time's come to play here in my garden of magic follow sweet children i'll show thee the way through all the pain and the sorrows weep not poor children for life is this way murdering beauty and passions hush now dear children it must be this way to weary of life and  deceptions frm my fav  movie and poet edgar <propfirst> poe"
"wench! trollop! you buck-toothed, mop-riding, firefly from hell! hahaha"
"wench! trollop! you buc k-toothed, mop-riding, firefly from hell!     finally named my kitten lol   thackery binx"
supper dupper-y excited for tomarrow      this should be so much fun    
my dad is a douche bag  the end
kills excitement and happiness in a second
"so, theres this boy and the way he laughs makes me smile   and the way he talks gives me butterflies    just everything about him makes me smile  smile "
all ive done all i can to stand on the steps with my heart in my hand   now im starting to see maybe its got nothing to do with me         love 
blaaah     lol nuthing to do
"when i think about you , i dont feel so alone      love "
yay    are you here yet?           love 
blah n surprise ne to hold me     
the kiss   where life as you know it ends       love  it finally makes since
"we're so arrogant, aren't we? so afraid of age, we do everything we can to prevent it  we don't realize what a privilege it is to grow old with someone  someone who doesn't drive you to commit murder or doesn't humiliate you beyond repair         ? its sweet"
had an amazing weekend with the boy who kills nazi zombies      love 
"had an amazing weekend with the boy who kills nazi zombies  smile     paranormal activity, actually good     creepy but good"
going out with the zombie killer  wink  making people jealous will be <propfemale> much fun! haha
you never seize to amaze me and i'll never know how you can always keep me back for more i never know exactly what you have in store first my mouth with the softest kiss and then then my neck with your fingertips yeah your looking at me and licking your lips    simple eh?  wink 
yayyy i have a job interview on monday! i was'nt drooling     my tongue was sweating     lol  love  haha     gonna spend some time with the wonderful natzi zombie killer!  wink 
had the job interview hope it went well     went out to eat with my mom and the zombie natzi killers momma     fun times  wink 
i wuv my zombie natzi killer!  love 
"all hallow's <propfemale> has become a night of frolic, where children wear costumes and run amok!      amok, amok, amok, amok, amok       cant wait to spend the weekend with my sexy zombie natzi killer!      this halloween will be fun!"
had a great time with my sexy zombie natzi killer       have an interview on thurs! wish me luck     love 
hope guides me  it is what gets me through the day and especially the night  the hope that after you're gone from my sight it will not be the last time i look upon you       
"and if you like and if you like some other time i would like to introduce you to the finer thingsif we survive  if we survive, get out alive i'd like to say how beautiful i think you        are!!  love   love   love "
making homemade rice crispie's with <propmale>
"supporting the idea that kissing is learned rather than instinctual is the fact that not all humans kiss  certain tribes around the world just don’t make out, anthropologists say  while 90 percent of humans actually do kiss, 10 percent have no idea what they’re missing "
happy new years    better be better this time ! its -13 out here tho thats just too  cold   everyone at home hope you guys had a great holidays so far love you all
"is beautiful, sexy, and intelligent with a good sense of humor  loving, sincere, and trustworthy with an amazing personality  a <propfemale> has a beautiful smile enchanting eyes and a great figure with a killer ass  she is great in bed and a little kinky  she is everything a man wants in a womankristina is perfection - urban dictonary for <propfemale>"
to celebrate valentines day change your picture to you and your spouse significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together  copy and paste to your profile <propfemale>  ~ <propmale> and i have been together for five months on the 13th
a really sweet boy got me pretty flowers that came this morning  they smell really good and are <propfemale> pretty  love   i have the best <propfirst> ever!!
t- minus 54 days till i see my love      
t-minus 53 days then ill be happy again  smile  ill have my  love  back
"you never no love unless you surrender to it      love   love  \fools rush in\"" 51 days!"""
48 days left  smile 
46 dayyys and its sooo much better
45 dayyyyyys left
glasses broke     no contacts     exhaustedly tired      and a a 6 <propfemale> paper is due and it needs to be typed still     ahhh i hate mondays      44 dayyys leftt    
43 dayyys its slowly getting closer right?  smile 
42 days and i can be farrr away with someone who cant be much better than a dream  love 
40 dayyys till my life is amazing  smile 
"better than koolaid sweet my buttercup, baby's got a pretty face  i got to have it, it's another bad habit and i hope i'm not here too late        love "
1 week and 6 days  till im with someone amazing             love 
steal some covers share some skin                  love 
"my bed is calling my name, but its so cold     i need a sexy blue eye'd boy to hold and rock me to sleep what a wonderful nite that will be  smile "
6 days till <propmale> comes home!! yayyyy yayyyy  love 
depressed     and lonely    i miss my dog and my bf
"im going to watch my weatherman on tv for a bit  smile  hehehe life is slowly getting better , gotta stay positive + i get to see him in a few daysss love "
hes coming home todayyy!!!!!!  love  im so excited
in the arms of something amazing  love 
18 dayyys till im outa here   and somewhere so much better  smile 
getting my plane ticket      laugh  im excited doing laundry and getting ready to write that dumb paper ive been putting off   17 dayyys  love  arizona here i come!!
going to fashion bug to model clothes  smile   13 dayyys left  love 
watched the boondock saints ii amaaaazing lol    now another movie about beer and hell lol
one and a half days left!!!!!!!  laugh 
tomarrow people yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay  smile 
in <propfemale> las vegas with my lovvveee love 
in vegas club with my love n his dad     lots of funnn
going bacckkk!!!!! yay thank goodness life has been so wonderful im offically happy and content
back in flagstaff  smile  with my boy
in new mexico heading home    next oklahoma city! enjoyin the sites today
back to ohio     sitting with <propmale> and <propfemale>      smile 
"went swimming today, had some fun now waiting for <propmale> to finish a couple rented movies"
watching <propmale> play his new game long day at my moms
got a pretty lil promise ring yesterday
birthday fun tomarrow
going out to eat for marcs early birthday    hes leaving on monday  sad  for 5 weeks gahhh so im gonna need some friends to lift me up  smile 
one week down 5 more to go then i get my man back yayy~
"\your kiss is like whiskeyit gets me drunkand i wake up in the morning with the taste of your tongue\""  love  love it!! and the song"""
watching shes out of my league     love it really cute  smile 
'we <propmale> that which runs from us'
16 days to get everything together wow    finally time is going faster     going to have a going away party and everyone and anyone is invited  smile  im wanting to say goodbye since we have to be in flag before the 8th so not a lot of time to say bye  smile  im so ready to get out of here and start a fresh new life -
"my body is aching, there's no turning back so take your eyes off the trigger i'm not to blame if your world turns to black  as your eyes start to blister there's just no hope for our final embrace        im addicted to this song    "
the rest of me is home    now it's time to get things done to leave
is in ok! city going to see the memorial     prettty excited     getting a car on monday and moving in    smile  sooo excited !!
in new mexico     yayyy going to the casino and then to az in the morning  smile 
at the apartment     waiting for <propmale> to wake up      smile  got my phone back!
blahhh im bored and hes gone the cats are going crazy on top of it all
was in a car accident yesterday     coming out of my college on the first day     got t boned and hit on the other side the surburban took a nasty hit
past week sucked got fired started  school tottled the suburban in literally a week
when is life going to get better??? i'm so sick of this bad luck
"life is slowly getting better again i hope gotta be thinking forward , and not be sad"
it's going to be a good day  smile 
it's been one year since we met  had a great day b4 aniversery
"you bring me out, show me light, \\i'm sorry if i hide, i'm too afraid to look inside \\you <propfemale> truth, and make me smile,\\if there were you and me tonight,\\i would tame the stars and save the brightest one for you"
tanning then beading class thennn homework haha
got paper done now off to class i hope this paper was good enough    
watching family guy with my love   needed some peace and quiet with no stress for the weekend
<propmale> just farted on binxx's head geeze
found a really nice futon frame outside near the trash yayy <propfemale> lol now waiting for <propmale> to wake up  smile 
"\the real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space \""\",b7d6ca71c27ef4382e7e2cb57f4ce0b7,"storming like crazy outside    got great news today let this be the beginning of good times, not stressful annoyance"
tornado's in flagstaff??? how weird thought i was in arizona not ohio
listening to automatic loveletter  love  makes me cry
"blahh bored at home, watching \<propmale> play games      in the mood for ice-cream  smile "
interview tomorrow yayy
have an interview today wish me luck
she's been running through my dreams and it's driving me crazy it seems i'm going to ask her to marry me      best song ever remembering sunday by all time low
"got the puppy today , really exciting things are coming together  smile "
i have a hatred towards bad dryers
sick really sucks
still sick gah might have to call the dr
so i love snow lol reminds me of home  smile  starting to feel better had a great day with a great guy and our kids(our animals ) haha starting to work on christmas cards     anyone want one ????  wink  back to school to get some stuff done
is in an amazingly great mood      i kinda want to play in the snow  wink 
im making my first turkey ahhh scary it looks and smells good tho  smile  happy thanksgiving everyone
"chinese food & being with <propmale> and playing with zoë, what a good day  smile "
doing homework gahh
join the fight against child abuse! change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood   the goal is to not see a human face on facebook till monday dec  6th  copy and paste this to your status to invite friends to do the same!
first final tomarrow gahhh western civ i will defeat you
<propfemale> christmas everyone     especially everyone at home miss you and love you guys ~
making christmas cookies lol p nut butter ones     yayyy lol good christmas so far love you all and miss you    its hard being away but on the other side its nice spending time with my loves and my little family  love 
its a winter wonderland    well a white out
so much snow!!!
off to an interview looks like a good one  smile 
": you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: copy and paste into your own status so i may reply in turn "
i swear sometimes im living in the twilight zone  smile 
in texas heading to arkansas wish us luck we make it to tennessee tonight     home by tomorrow
sitting here with <propmale>   i hope things get better soon     tierd of the stress and drama
"so, we are back in ohio, since az wasnt cutting it for the     moment + i missed family and friends"
ready to get things done and better  smile 
"i am so tierd of people getting into my life and forcing their \ ideas and ways\"" i am ready to move on and tell them to go away and leave me the f#ck alone!!"""
"i'll be your blonde tonight \if thats what you like \stilettos and fishnets \if thats what you like \i'll be your hot mess \school girl in curls \whatever your type \baby if thats what you like  love "
trying to get things on the up in up  smile 
at work blaaaa
other then useless drama today     today was a great day
halfway to crazy not far from sane   f@cking sick and tired of your games    all i ever wanted  was you to take care of me     love this song made me cry
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think        "
fixing zoes sock monkey since she de stuffed her favorite toy gahhh    puppies
wish i could change life with a remote      
rain  smile ) i love rain how weird is that     and fyi <propmale> is an odd little boy hahaha
pool sounds nice need to de- stress asap!!!
