abef258496da49238df10b1b66516225
hello 2010 goodbye 2009
hi mom
i am just hanging out on the computer 
i will and today i got up at the right time for school
hi
<propfemale>
hi\\
turkey for me and turkey for you in my big brown by <propfirst> sandler
hi
reminder poeple who watch monk remember to watch it on friday it is a great show
people who don't know at my mom's we have a new puppy named <propfirst> bova
reminder: people you have to watch monk frieday ok people
<propfemale> cooperstien
happy new year everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!  have a great 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
people who are my friends please check out my links some of them are cool  and some are really boring 
midnight madness
today is my birthday!!!!!!!!! i am turning 12                         that is so cool isn't my friends                      
guess what i am getting a cellphone tommor 
i got my cellphone everybody  i am so happy right now  i got my hair done to and it looks good 
yesterday i saw the last song  it was so sad and i cried 
do you guys like my hair this way  
i just finish my homework
today is my chorus concert    
i am wearing silly bands on my arm 
i am working really hard on my homework right even thought i don't have that much homework 
facebook is so much fun 
right know i am on youtube and facebook 
<propfirst> won american idol! feel sad for <propmale> because he is not doing american idol anymore  <propfirst> <propfirst>!
i am having a great summer  how are my friend's summer going?
i am going on a cruise tommor  i am so happy! i am going to miss everyone! i will tell everyone about the cruise to canada 
the vma's (video music awards) is tonight! i am so excited to watch it! anyone who is going to watch please say something or type something 
i can't wait till the big brother finally!
"now that big brother is over, i will be watching survivor and glee  when american idol comes on i will be watching that too "
"i need more pictures of me, my doggie, friends and me, reandom things, and stuff  i realy want a camera for my birthday or for hanukkah           "
my mom straigten my hair     it is so soft and cute  i love it! my hair is so long 
"i went to pets mart today  mom and i brought <propfirst> our dog dog food, a new colar, and a new leash "
i had to go to hebrew school today  now i am at home and i'm really bored 
"i went to pets mart today to work with the cats there for my bat mitzvah project  i was learning what to do for the cats  i have to play with the cats, feed the cats water and food, and a bunch of other stuff "
doing a video chat - click the link to join --> http annoyed  tinychat com aerogurl
the dance is today! who is going to the dance? i am going to the dance 
i went to the dog park with my mom and my doggie sandy there were so many cute dogs there big and small 
hey check out this vid chat room - http annoyed  tinychat com aerogurl
"halloween is coming up! i am so excited! <propfemale> braynen is going trick-or-treating with me for halloween  i am going as a hippie for halloween  what are people doing for halloween? if you are going trick-or treating, what are you going as? i am going to get lots and lots of <propfemale> on halloween night  on tv there has been somethinng called fear fest and its basically all horrow movies for halloween "
yesterday was halloween! me and <propfemale> braynen got lots of <propfemale>  i was a hippie for halloween and <propfemale> was a halloween cheerleader! <propfemale> and i went from my neighborhood to dartmunth woods to trick-or-treat  one house gave out reases chips and popcorn but me and <propfemale> choose chips and reases  then one other house gave out just gave out pretzels  most of the houses gave out <propfemale> 
so broad! help!
"my bat mitzsvah is march 19! i have some people on my list who i want to invite  if i forgot or didn't put your name on the list, please like this post and post a comment if you want to come to my bat mitzsvah!"
"my bat mitzsvah is march 19! i have some people on my list who i want to invite  if i forgot or didn't put your name on the list, please like this post and post a comment if you want to come to my bat mitzsvah! smile  ,,, , "
please suggest a song for my top 10 rating list of songs and who there by!
i saw the school play (wizard of oz) and it was great! <propfemale> braynen and <propfemale> o'brien you both were really good in the play and everybody else who was in the play were great to! the school play rocked!
"thanksgiving is tommor! i get to have two thanksgiving, ones tommor and the other one is friday  i am thankful for my friends, my family, my pets, peace, love and happiness "
thanksgiving is today! i want some turkey!
we are going back to school tommer! thanksgiving weekend is over! i don't want to go back to school tommer! i am really bored so please text me!
hanukkah starts wednesday and i am really excited!
hanukkah starts tomorrow and i am really happy
hanukkah starts today!
hey! the chorus concert is tonight!
"the snowflake formal dance is tonight, i am so excited!"
"text me! text me! text me! text me! text me! text me please peoples! if you don't have my number, please ask, u don't have to"
happy new years! happy new years to all my friends and family 
"in all some episodes like csi, and ncis have goood seansons were there the same people and the next couple seasons they put new charcters which makes a little mad and sad  idk why but it just does "
"hi peoples! i am selling girl scout cookies, they are $3 50 a box  if you would like to buy some cookies please post on my wall or talk to me in school which ones you want! the cookie choices are thanks-a-lot cookies, shout out cookies, lemonades cookies, shortbread cookies, thin mints cookies, peanut butter patties cookies, caramel delites cookies, and peanut butter sandwich cookies "
watching american idol the season starts
american idol is on tonight again
it's my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hey everybody! if your in girl scouts, the father and daughter dance is tonight  i am typing this from my i touch which was a gift from my dad and step mom for my birt"
"hey everybody! if your in girl scouts, the father and daughter dance is tonight, so wear the shirts we made for the dance  i am typing this from i touch, which was a gift from my dad and step mom for my birthday bat mitzvah  i had so much at my bat mitzvah   thank you, for those who had gone to my bat mitzvah  if you came to my bat mitzvah, did you have fun  please answer and reply, and don't forget to comment "
<propmale> zinner's
<propmale> zinner's bat mitzvah today tonight 
