072d24194c9697df3e4241959b08420e
way to lie to my face    how could you? i hope your happy   
i moving on no time to waste!
"correction: im moving on, no time for liers"
buckeyes won the <propfemale> bowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally new shoes! i hate wearing a size 17 haha
i hate being sick
doubting this whole thing
why does kendle become a fan of every freaking random group on this stupid facebook thing?
just got a puppy!
kinda want to get back to school  smile 
some shocking news today but hopefully ill end up on top!  smile 
want to know already so i can stop suffering
"\dont stick your d**k in a toaster\"" -<propmale> white now if thats not philosophical i dont know what is """
just want to enlist already and get my life over with sooner
other than posibly breaking my finger today was great! tonight was even better!
<propmale> of the valley woooo! haha i got 2nd in <propmale> of the valley tournement!
woooooo! im weird!!!
fuck my mom! she doesn't have a son anymore!
my shoulder hurts
bitches aint nothing but tricks and hoes
"ugh have to start taking 50,000 units of vitamin d!!!"
just watched sherlock holmes lol
woooooooooooooooo! awesome night!
"pray to whatever god you claim, he wont answer you"
"pray to whatever god you claim, he wont answer you   "
i need to get the f out of here for a little bit i need a break from the drama!
haha i love how like every one in this damn town is so two faced!
"really don't care about anything, anymore "
lifes a bitch    and then you die 
actually had a decent day today
woo finally back in eastern washington
"lol this place blows compared to anywere else, this weekend was awsome!"
this town is <propfemale> fucking boring!
lifes a bitch    and then you die
hah what a little bitch hes lucky i dont put him in the hospital
wooo dont have to go to that god forsaken thing called a school tomorrow!
there are some seriously fucked up people in  this school
"i like how were ever i go and whatever i do, everyone still hates me  this proves there is no god"
finally someone who actually knows how to have legitimate conversation!
"just when i thought there was actually decent people in this town, i was proved wrong "
just watched the collector! its one messed up movie!
fuck! girls are so god damn confusing!
just figured out being a <propmale> gets you a lot further in life then anything else  time to be an asshole 
"life it seems will fade away, drifting further every day, getting lost within myself, nothing matters, no one else      emptiness is filling me, to the point of agony, growing darkness taking <propfemale>, i was me but now he's gone"
why the hell do i always find the girls that are completley fucked up in one way or another?
wresling banquet wooo haha im ready to eat a lot of food! p s  fuck bitches 
hahaha that little skinny bitch thinks he can beat me up? ill knock that pussy out in one hit!
fuck! i can never do anything fun   
woo 9 more days till i can enlist!
the refinery just e playful loded!
7 more days
saw my dad today that was a shock! this has been one weird birthday 
wow a lot of whores go to this school haha
just cut open another finger    great! lol
mma fights tonight at the toyota center! fuckin sweeeeet!
fights were sickkkk!
god hates me   
new phone finally no <propfirst> tho hah
ufc undisputed 2010 = worst game ever made!
im ready for some footballl!!!!!
new phone no <propfirst> hit me up 360 840 3213
women confuse me
lakers blow hardcore
just shaved my head for football!
on the way to football camp fsu!
first day of football camp = horrible
football  camp was sweet!
fuck yeah <propmale> lesnar!!!!! tapped that bitch out!
in the same exact dorm as football camp what are the odds?
well im done for the rest of wresling camp this sucks
today is definitely the worst day ive had in a long time
"well my phone decided to have a seizure and quit working, hopefully i get a new one monday "
almost punched a ref but other than that it was a great game!
damn good run boys way to fight until the last second
"so i figured out the question of life, the worlds  #1 leading birth defect is being born a woman  hahahaha"
gotta love all the fake people in this damn town
trip to bellingham was a success!
went to bellingham again and got a bunch of suff  very nice!
duhhh bears!
"i think im going to go to the beach today, i desperately need to get out of my house "
ohh how i love being blamed for shit i didnt do
family trip to the seattle aquarium!
"another sleepless night awesome    it feels like some one is trying to tear my kneecap off with a butter knife, hopefully i don't need surgery "
"some people tell me that i need help, some people can fuck off and go to hell  god damn why they criticize me, that shit is on the rise "
