49976c02c8fad85f95bed0c0c7311931
"vines block your vision, and u try to cut them down, eventually some regrow-eager to diminish your integrity-you must keep on trying no one said it was easy, approach it in a new way, insanity is doing the same thing over and over and e playful ecting a differen"
one of the prettiest things i ever did see was lightning from the top of a cloud 
"you live you learn, you laugh you learn, you cry you learn, you love you learn"
"why so serious? put a smile on that face!  bro for sho, let ur lite shine !!!!"
just weighed myself      the first time in a year    and i was outraged     now i am laughin cuz i cant believe it 
"met his girlfriend, she was clappin' in the crowd love is what was happening to him now, uh he said i would marry you but i'm engaged to these aerials and varials and i don't think this board is strong enough to <propfemale> 2 she said bow i was 120 pounds, now "
"the clouds ran away, opened up the sky, and one by one i watched every constellation die, and there i was frozen, standing in my backyard, face to face, eye to eye, <propfemale>ring at the last <propfemale>, i shouldve known, walked all the way home "
"feels great!  everything is gonna be fine fine fine cuz i got one hand in my pocket and the other one is giving a high five   ppl can hurt me, but ill take that hurt and make it into something good, iknow wats its like to feel lost and notwanted, so my go"
she is an angel with a broken wing 
"i have one wing, but when im with him, i feel as though i have two, i look into his eyes and they take me to a different place "
we need shades cuz our future is so bright!    
"there are three types of love, i have picture love, one that captures the sweetness as it is for what it is, as it really is, and that will never fade or damage and long as i take care of that picture  my love is true and it means something beyond comprehension  stay sweet, be young at heart "
"i will not waste chalk, for it paints the pavement with fairytale dreams and wishes that the heart makes  some walk on the pavement without a second thought, but we should be grateful that it gives us balance, and provides another blank <propfemale> that calls for us to paint "
im with carlina and <propfemale> when they say    it's a hairflip! fo sho    lol
"you gotta be honest, its all based on truth and trust, brake what you got and it wont ever be the way it was  you cant win if you arent rite within   and dont lie to yourself, dont mesh into the crowd  thats all i have to say        oh and random i just painted with my sis and cuz         partay         haha"
"just helped put a second coat of paint on the ceiling, then going shopping, then out to eat with my girls    hey partay!"
the computer got overheated and turned off   ugh!
had alot of food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i finally checked my classes    and they are messed up! got to change that pronto!
"give it a rest, this is not some contest, just do your best, cuz nobody is perfect "
lets play some singstar!
"skyscraper, you defy the skyline, opposite the grape vine-where crows and rumors fly   sky scraper take me to the show, give me every sunrise, some connection, protection from a bitter soul   if you ever need my hand to <propfemale> through the heavy times, ill be there "
"went to the beach and and scratched the scalp of the earth, the grains of sand that kissed my finger tips, reminded me that i am only a minute piece to the puzzle of the earth, but then brought to my realization that one grain of sand would mean nothing if there werent other grains gracing its presense as well   alone we are merely nothing, together we complete something   i love you guys!"
"a castle made of sand falls into the sea, eventually "
cupid choke hold 
"not a facade cherisher, i’d rather have the scars  i don’t idolize <propfemale>, i’m dancing with the stars  uh huh  all of them? yeah, they are, too   you look up and you see us shining down on you   thought i was down   thought i was gone   thought i was around   i left you alone   look up in the sky   just look up in the sky   see that i’m everywhere"
"castles made of sand, slip into the sea eventually "
"she was lost in so many different ways out in the darkness with no guide i know the cost of a losing hand never thought the grace of god go highi found heaven on earth you were my last, my first and then here this voice inside ave mariasometimes love can come and pass you by while your busy making plans suddenly hit you and then you realize it's out of your hands, baby you got to understand"
"it's a beautiful day  sky falls, you feel like  it's a beautiful day  don't let it get away"
"when i looked out my window, it was blurred, the cracks distorted the outer image, but even though it was damaged, i could still see the light shine through "
she was lost in so many different ways out in the darkness with no guide i know the cost of a losing hand never thought the grace of god go high
when i thought i found a good one i found better when i thought i had better i found the best 
i can make it through the rain  i can stand up once again  on my own and i know  that im strong enough to mend  and every time i feel afraid  i hold tighter to my faith  and i live one more day  and i make it through the rain
"have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? not the e playful ression, no, literally give an arm for? when they know they're your heart and you know you were their armour and you will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'her but what happens when <propfemale>, turns right around and bites you? and everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you? what happens when you become the main source of her pain?"
"if tht boy dont love you by now, he will never love you"
"ugh         stupid computers hate you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahh feel like swearing, just gonna drop them all out the window!"
gotta write this essay today  sad 
"done with essay, dont worry i will get enough sleep i already had like an hour nap "
stars make my day
dnt make life harder than wht it is      like me 
can you site documents within a sentence?   like (doc  2) this ?
"everyone has the ability to reach the top, its character that keeps you there "
sounds of laughter shades of life  are ringing through my open ears  exciting and inviting me  limitless undying love which  shines around me like a million suns  it calls me on and on across the universe  jai guru deva om  nothing's gonna change my world
"make a shadow, dont be one, in other words, be your own leader"
"he sees me for who i am instead of what i am, now that is what i call a man"
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior  we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status! smile  i'm not!"
i had the best birthday ever! im so happy and so blessed!
skyscraper  you define the skyline opposite the grapevine where crows and rumors fly
just smile at the sky and i guarentee that it will smile back  smile 
"cause a face without freckles is like a sky without stars why waste a second not loving who you are those little imperfections make you beautiful, lovable, valuable, they show your personality inside your heart reflecting who you are"
i just dont know them anymore
i will go to bed by 2 smile 0am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
correction: i wll go to bed at 3 surprise 0!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
further correction: going to bed at 3:45
good night    or should i say good morning? ! ?
have faith in time!
working on my shcolarship mumbo jumbo              playful 
better than me 
"your assumptions are your windows on the world  scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in "
"our dreams, and they r made out of real thingslike a, shoebox of photographswith sepiatone loving  love is the answer,at least for most of the questions in my heartlike y r we here? and where do we go?and how come it's so hard?it's not always easy andsometimes life can be deceivingi'll tell you 1 thing it's always better when we r together"
wintersong-sara bareilles ingrid michaelson
"all of the colors seemed to fade, see me crumble and fall on my face, and i know theres mistakes that i have made    wish they'd all disappear without a trace"
"what's wrong with smiling? what's wrong with peace? what's wrong is squashing people before they label you deceased? swallow your pride before you choke on your issues i know you got family and folks that'll miss you so don't misuse this gift you've been given this life's but a dream, you're blessed to be livin"
why?
"jesus     i need you, help me "
im am happpppppppppppppyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"jesus    i need you, help me "
i dont like it when things get messy      it is the product of procrastinated change and confusion   ugh i am so sick of it   why am i such a mess
"i crossed the street today, and i dont even remember if i looked for cars "
"she concentrates so so hard on the music and so she loses herself in the bass and the movement   lay down in that music box, escape in the sound of that music box "
chicago!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! party! so excited!
just let me go!
all the movements you're starting to make  see me crumble and fall on my face  and i know the mistakes that i made  see it all disappear without a trace  and they call as they beckon you on  they said start as you mean to go on  start as you mean to go on
maybe it would be for the best
"mr    dropp you were a wonderful person, i didn't have you for a teacher for more than a day, but you always showed and practiced your compassion for people, you were a good man, thank you, may you rest in peace  god bless "
any man who hurts my family is gonna have to answer to these fists   i aint skinny no mo!
happy birthday <propfirst>!
when life gives you lemons      you paint that shi              gold!
ugh going crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
honestly im not okay but ill make it
no i cant be tired   not yet   long nite
takin 15 <propfemale> nap
yikes   that nap lasted too long          jesus help me!
can i do this?
almost done           
done!
i want to escape take me away from this place 
why does this keep happening       
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!why why why why why why why      its not fair                                                                  i tryed so hard 
"my mind is muddy but my heart is heavy  does it show? i lose the track that loses me, so here i go  i'm not calling for a second <propmale>, i'm screaming at the top of my voice  give me reason but don't give me choice  'cause i'll just make the same mistake again "
"my little sister is a zombie trapped in a body with solo role she has learned to play in the world today where nothing else matters     but it matters   we gotta start feeding our souls not our addictions or afflictions of pain to avoid the same questions we must ask oursleves to get any anwswers when all want is love, she needs to love herself "
my little sister is a zombie trapped in a body with no solorole she has learned to play in the world today where nothing else mattersbut it matterswe gotta start feeding our souls not our addictions or afflictions of pain 2 avoid the same questions we must ask ourselves to get any anwserseveryday they starve while they eat beer and bread instead of a handshake or hug they spill the pills and sweep them under the rug 
"another nite with unspoken words where things longed to be said but couldnt find the right moment, maybe they never will find the right moment, something will always interfere, or you will allow them too out of fear "
sooooooooooooooooo confused                        dont want to deal with this anymore!
ugh! dont want to do this                                                   but im paving my own failing fate if i dont     
1+1=2
study time     for 30 <propfemale> 
"he's phony, she's fake, thats the type of ppl i hate, if you are real and you know it, clap your hands!       *clap clap"
im awesome
im great   smile  hanging with <propfemale>  smile 
live your life smile     i am  smile 
"embrace your freedom      let down your hair and let the wind do its magic, give your jewerly away so you dont feel weighed down, wipe off that make-up so you dont fear the rain, and wrap yourself in loose clothing to release the pain      and run free!"
this time baby ill be bullet proof!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
confused    confuzzled    
"embrace your freedom      let down your hair and let the wind do its magic, give your jewerly away so you dont feel weighed down, wipe off that make-up so you dont fear the rain, and wrap yourself in loose clothing to release the pain      and run free!"
"most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine \<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
"they can smash your cookie       but always remember that you still have your fortune, they can never take that treasure away  smile "
come on please log on!
i wish i was alitte bit taller    i wish i was a baller       i wish i had a dollar?    lol  wink 
man    i am going to miss all of the seniors       annoyed      congrats on all of your honors!
i got you babe  smile 
man    i am going to miss all of the seniors       annoyed      congrats on all of your honors!
get a grip <propfemale> 
"i'm doing this for me, who cares what anyone else thinks "
"you know what     i am happy, theres always going to be something that happens  that hurts or that you dont like, but just remember there are ppl rite there with you  smile , dont let the issues control you, its you that must try to control the issues, and dont forget to smile, love, and laugh     thank you    "
"yo yo yo, i will run that extra mile  wink "
love like crazy!  laugh 
"its okay, nothng will stop me, or drag my red cape"
lol    my profile pic   tryin to look dangerous with a toy gun   hahahahhahahhahah
listening to song called blind by lifehouse
"the prettiest thing i ever did see, was lightning from the top of a cloud, moving through the dark a million <propmale> an hour with some where to be     so why does it seem like a picture that's hangin up on someone else's wall, lately i havnt been myself at all   its heavy on my mind   "
seniors last full day tomar  enjoy it  smile 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"please dont treat me like im stupid, okay  i know the ropes, ive climbed that obstacle, and i have the guts to do what it takes reguardless of the nonesense you <propfemale> to babble "
nobody knows    
no song seems to fit how i feel maybe thats the problem  ive been searching and searching and all i find is the same old same old 
whatev
i cannot find the heart i gave away
"it's hard to live, there are oceans to swim, mountains to hike, streets to cross, it's hard finding a sense of direction, but have that faith that integrity that will power, and nothing can stop you   if one is born into battle, its all they know and they learn how to adopt and eventually win when the tocks of time stop tickin "
"i took my bruises, took my lumps\fell down and i got right back up\but i need that spark to get psyched back up\and in order for me to pick the mic back up"
"let's trade shoes\just to see what it'd be like to\feel your pain, you feel mine\go inside each other's mind\just to see what we find"
actions speak louder than words 
"happy early father's day mom! i love ya, thanks for always being there and for being both a mom and a dad to all of us "
actions speak louder than words 
tennessee is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
"when i was younger, i saw my daddy cry, and curse at the wind, he broke his own heart, and my momma swore that,she would never let herself forget,and that was the day that i promised,i'd never sing of love, but you are the only exception"
dont let them say you aint beautiful      just stay true to you    you know the shoes you walk in best
"i feel like i'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net,i'm a nervous wreck,i deserve respect; but i work a sweat for this worthless check"
"if i could just get over this humpbut i need something to pull me out this dump i took mybruises, took my lumpsfell down and i got right back up but i need that spark to get psyched back upin order for me to pick the mic back upi don't know how or why or when i ended up in this position i'm ini'm starting to feel distant againso i decided just to pick this penup and try to make an attempt to vent"
we got this 
"im blessed truely blessed   thank you jesus, be with us on this adventure"
"it aint worth having if it's to much to hold, it can dig so deep that all you're left with is a hole, i don't want to end up that pirate bones, <propfirst> in a desert with a bag of gold, what i thought was best was just a pile of stones, i might have the treasure but i'll be lying alone   if i have to forfeit my soul it aint worth having!"
"it aint worth having if it's to much to hold, it can dig so deep that all you're left with is a hole, i don't want to end up like pirate bones, <propfirst> in a desert with a bag of gold, what i thought was best was just a pile of stones, i might have the treasure but i'll be lying alone   if i have to forfeit my soul it aint worth having!"
"follow your heart and see where it might take you\don't let the world outside there break you\they know not who you are inside\they have never felt your hell\don't ever let them crack   \your shell   "
i love dancing in the rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"im lookin fear in the face and tellin it i dont care if my feet bleed im still marchin foward,whenever the winds slap my cheek it will only feel like a kiss,sometimes livin thru the hell distinguishes what the heaven really is,dont look at the bad, let the light shine thru yeah,u may not hav shoes, but at least u still hav feet to footprint ur signature in the sand it doesnt matter wat u get its all about what u got "
wohoo! ready to dance in this lovely blue dress!
"i know the darkness falls on you  and it’s just a point of view \when you’re outside looking in you belong to someone and when \you feel like giving in and the coming of the end, like your \heart can break in two, someone loves you "
"well, i am saving up to go to ny to audition for julliard acting school   something is telling me i have try, do not want to have any regrets "
"<propfirst> visited me at school today, it was awesome! i love surprises  laugh "
"i am there through the snow, i am there through the sun, through the rain, the clouds, all the same, dont forget that"
"god gave you the shoes that fit you, put them on, wear them, be yourself, be true to you "
"im a messy painter, but i have my vision, all around it may be chaos , but that chaos it beautiful if you allow it to brush agiant your <propfemale>, e playful erience can make you wise if you listen to the hues that surround you"
"these days we go to waste like wine\that's turned to turpentine\till it's 6 am and i'm all messed up\i didn't mean to waste your time\so i'll fall back in line\but i'm warning you we're growing up"
"smiling got to see <propfemale>, see <propfemale>  laugh  going to concert!!!!!! i love you guys       laugh  so happy    starbucks        muhahaha  wink "
im not the kind of girl who cant see reason!!!!!!!
i love you mom!
"let it bend before it breaks, i can make my own mistakes "
"around here it’s around here it’s the hardest time of year\waking up, the days are even gone \though the color of my coat\lord help me killing off the cold\where the raindrops sting my eyes \i keep them closed the hardest time of year\waking up, the days are even gone \though the color of my coat\lord help me killing off the cold\where the raindrops sting my eyes \i keep them closed"
"around here it’s the hardest time of year\waking up, the days are even gone \though the color of my coat\lord help me killing off the cold\where the raindrops sting my eyes \i keep them closed"
"say it’s over, say i’m dreamin \say i’m better than you left me \say you’re sorry, i can take it\say you’ll wait, say you won’t \say you love me, say you don’t \i can make my own mistakes\let it bend before it breaks"
"if it's too much to hold, it's not worth having  if i have to forefeit my soul it aint worth having "
im not perfect and i can live with that 
"every time you close a door and nothing opens in its place you've wasted\and when you speak the words you know to those who know the words themselves you're wasted,\you're such a classic waste of cool, so afraid to break the rules in all the wrong places"
"i'm like the rain in a downpour\i wash away what you long for\and i wave goodbye with the sun in my eyes\i wish i could be there tonight\i'm like the wind in the canyon\i'm there when i'm gone in a second"
never blame the rainbows for the rain
cant wait till tomarrow!
"i want to fly free but, what does that really mean?"
truth is what i need 
"sick of the mask, the world is beautiful, it is <propfemale> we try to cover it up -it becomes ugly"
not everything that shines is going to be gold
hmm should i start the second college essay     hmmmmmm
"the soundtrack still runs through my head\i gotta keep every single step\as old as we get, we don't forget\we won't forget"
no facebook for me tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you cannot read my sentence because it does not contain words, only works of spirals and mazes, paint splashes and perks, nothing of solid strict embroidery, just as flexible as the tissue of a cloud "
"you cannot read my sentence because it does not contain words, only works of spirals and mazes, paint splashes and perks, nothing of solid strict embroidery, just as flexible as the tissue of a cloud "
"the integrity of a river is often defined by the obstructions it surmounts on its journey, and how those obstacles impel it to leave a legacy upon every grain of soil that it will ever touch "
"didnt mean to hurt you, ill try harder, ill believe more "
"i walked across an empty land\i knew the pathway like the back of my hand\i felt the earth beneath my feet\sat by the river and it made me complete i came across a fallen tree\i felt the branches of it looking at me\is this the place we used to love?\is this the place that i've been dreaming of?"
nothing's gonna change my world
"wow, i was going to put up a really depressing status, but then i was reminded of something     , the day has gotten better  smile "
"it sucks that you think where i'm from is wack\\i beg your pardon but this is my secret garden\"""""
grrrrrr   how do i turn a 1000 word essay into a 300 work essay       dam     p it!
two applications down     six more to go!
i miss you <propfirst>
does anyone know any good songs i can listen to right now
are you kidding me grrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
"<propfemale> can i callyou?\college advise"
omg i was just about to press submit and what happens    the <propfemale> e playful ires      tear tear tear !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yesssss! i have finished applying to <propfemale>, marquette and the university of minnesota!"
i love you <propfirst>! goodnight  wink 
<propfirst> im not embarrassed of our love    everybody i love <propfirst>  smile 
"yo man, i only pursue drama on the stage, so if you find it entertaining to participate in its humors in every day life,thats your role, but not mine , you can say all you want about me, your words cannot define me, i know who i am "
"i don't want artificial lighting, after i felt the sun, nothing can compare   its time to break that lamp and lay in the rays, love is real "
guess who just got an acceptance letter from <propfemale>?  <propfemale> lindstrum yessssssssssssssssssssssss! ohh baby!
"juilliard audition <propfirst>  31 at 9 smile 0 am, now i have to prepare for that     !"
"i have the canvas and the paint but the stokes of my passion are not yet mapped out, will i always try to find beauty in this mess or will i always find its ugliness?  all i know is maybe i should use crayon  you are never to old and never to young to try something different"
dad why are you suddenly haunting me
"wish i had the courage to tell you how i really felt but im just a sugar coated <propfemale> turning bitterwithin  dont have the heart to tell you want i really think of you   your surface is melting, it cant take the heat, sorry, its not my job to put you in the cool place"
"men men men, some of em'     i dont know"
straighten up little soldier
hey does anyone know ham house's school code i forgot
didnt get much done but im tired  night  tomarrow will be a longer day 
when you feel like youve had it up to here cuz ur mad enough to scream but too sad enough tear-thats rock bottom
i hope tht dam      p old job gives me my tax returns
dont know what the heck im doing in my calculus homework         its sensible but not right! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
a beautiful mess intertwined and overworked
he said he wanted someone to share his pop-tarts with          awwwwwwwwwwwwwww!     here i am baby
life has a way of weeding out the bad friends and leaving growth for the new friends that will always have your back no matter the season  thank god!
"if talking about me makes you feel better, go ahead, i encourage it,  if it makes you happy, im numb to it now   i know who i am, i make my own painting, and all the paint you splash on my <propfemale> only reveals how strong my <propfemale> remains to be, through all the mess i sitll stand, and thanks for making me stronger "
"im afraid that some times you'll play lonely games goo   games you can't win, cause you'll play against you "
favorite book: oh the places you'll go by doctor seuss!
"this is the way it is, dont tell me it is meaningless"
um yeah so some freako that i dont even know sent me a message asking to get to know me cuz he liked my profile pic!  oh jesus help me!
k doing pajot's paper! goodluck to myself
"hacked by <propfemale> wagner : )\wishing <propfemale> all the luck tomorrow, though we all know she wont need it!"
"thanks everyone aww, please pray , im so nervous, and excited at the same time, thanks for being there, love you all  have a great day tomar  xoxo : d"
"the results of the juilliard audition: well i was not excepted but it was a great e playful erience, it was meant 2 b and god knows what is best, i tried my best   i was of course disappointed but life is not always about getting wht u want immediately, sometimes the answer is not yet thanks everybody for supporting me, without tht i might of chickened out, thanks u guys and i love u! and dont ever let anybody tell u never "
"i love my ipod thanks <propfirst> evica, jamming fo real, beautiful, awesome! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo  smile "
everybody have a great day!
no school! go teachers!  go mr  <propfemale>! go <propfemale>! go ms  holtgreive!!!!!!! and everyone else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! root root!  have fun <propfirst>! protest ralley for me too!
um yeah        yeah    yeah     just live 
caught up!!!!!!!!!!!!! and it feels almost as good as buttered toast 
yawn!
i cant believe my boyfriend wants to buy me life alert!
"what i can be, i must be "
so     i'm not quite sure what i want to say here but im just going to start typing and see where the keyboard decides to take me   i'm grateful i have <propfirst>    he has proven to me that it is possible to love and helped me realize my beauty    we are blessed to have each other  smile 
dnt feel to good  annoyed 
"gravity, is pulling against me, just keep me where the light is"
"your daddy was a sargent <propmale>, you didnt want to <propmale> <propmale>, wipe his brass from time to time, it left a picture in your mind, you know, you know, you want it all , all or nothing"
 smile 
"la  la la la la <propfemale>, i wonder     hmmmmmmmmm   if only i knew"
i love you <propfirst>
