d5970b91c1dbc300327a85aecf0c72b7
just got done cooking for the night! i still have to make like 2 more things after i wake up tho haha   happy thanksgiving everyone!
ate <propfemale> much today  laugh  gotta work it off tomarrow
"\sometimes you just feel tired  you feel weak  and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up  but you got to search within you  you gotta find dat inner strength and just pull dat shit outta you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on ya face\""  -till i collapse-eminem"""
"president obama just sent 30,000 more troops to afghanistan   hope and change? hah, my ass "
"'cause nobody wants to do it on their own, and everyone wants to know theyre not alone   theres somebody else that feels the same somewhere   theres gotta be somebody for me out there  "
"i tried so hard and got so far, and in the end its going to fucking matter "
"magikarp, use splash!"
"fear interwoven with intrigue is such an odd, yet invigorating sensation  "
i just baked suuuuuch a delicious spice cake   i never cease to amaze myself  smile 
fun night of making tamales and <propfemale> shots ! this is some weak ass <propfemale> tho   
trying to be optimistic   
"life is not a game, but a series of games  revel in your victories as well as your defeats, for if you learn from each defeat, and correct the problems within them, future victories will be assured    -<propfirst> loeffler"
i am categorically certain that it is unequivocally incontrovertible that i recurrently employ gargantuan and multifarious terminology throughout the progression of otherwise ingenuous assertions with the intention of facilitating the manifestation of the opinion that i am of extraordinary and preeminent acumen 
omg   i might have to delete my entire hard drive to fix my computer  crying 
ugh today was supposed to be an off day but i sooooo need to work off some stress! going to lifetime  (210)542-6971 if any1 wants to join me   doing legs back biceps  
"fear exists for reasons of self preservation  fear exists to be a salvation  but sometimes fear keeps you from too much  sometimes fear acts as a needless crutch  so cast your fears to the wind, and do not fret  conquering your fears is something you won’t regret -<propfirst> loeffler"
mass effect 2 midnight release! hellllll yeah  laugh 
yaaayy! i got my car back!!
so   much   homework    and its only monday   ugh 
i just realized that the only thing ive learned in pre-cal this year is that i know absolutely nothing about pre-cal
sigh   its just been one of those days  
sweet  i got 15 points deducted from my oer grade because my vocabulary was too advanced  thanks ms butler 
its snowing at my house  smile 
"im going to fill my essay with \big words\"" just to piss ms butler off > smile """
ugh   thats the last time im working out this late   couldnt get pumped at alllll
watching <propmale> gump  smile 
"i loooove cloudy, <propfemale> days!  smile "
"what hurts the most is being so close, and having so much to say, and watching you walk away   and never knowin what could have been, and not seein that lovein you is what i was tryin to do"
people should not bring babies to movies  
ffxiii
why must some people be so hostile?
"so  i was standing outside my classroom today, and mr reichele (speech teacher) comes up to me, and asks me why i was standing outside   i tell him i was about to go to the library w  my project group   then he hands me two sandwiches and walks off  seriously   100% true story "
"theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around  its a hole in the wall, its a dirty free for all"
"\she's out of my league\"" was such a good movie!"""
damn i make good protein shakes
half dayss!!
"someday, somehow, im gonna make it alright, but not right now  "
its these long weekends that make me realize how much i want summer to come  
"i give up  i make my car look all nice and shiny one day, and the next day its covered in yellow tree sperm again  i miss winter   "
a good workout is usually enough to get me feeling better   not today though   sigh  
just took a long walk to clear my head   its a really beautiful night  smile 
just saw saliva and puddle of mudd! marijuana filled the air   i enjoyed some $6 beers   had to defend some girls from the drunk moshers   great night!! oyster bake 2010
"just saw saliva   the smell of marijuana is everywhere, toilet paper rolls are flying thru the air  and im enjoying a $6 beer   lifes good! puddle of mudd in 10 minutes!! oyster bake 2010!"
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can i take ya ooorder?
"every long lost dream led me to where you are   others who broke my heart, they were like northern stars pointing me on my way into your loving arms   this much i know is true  "
it is 4:20 on 4 20  one can only imagion how many bowls are being lit at this very moment   hahah
omg   you park on driveways   but you drive on parkways    mind = blown
im just a liiitle bit sick and my mom wont let me go work out    weak  
great workout   great run afterwards   im like frosted flakes   im grrrrrrrreat! haha  wink 
"watching \into the universe with <propfirst> hawking\""   this stuff is absolutely fascinating!"""
"three days grace, flyleaf and five finger death punch tonight!! be there!"
"only heard like 4 songs from five finger death punch, but flyleaf was soooo good (the singer was hot hahah) aaaand three days grace was fucking amaaaazing!!! and the beers were like half as cheap as oyster bake  and they had streight liquor!! and my voice is gone   greaaaattt night!!!  laugh "
a tree falls on <propfirst> beiber in the middle of the <propmale> and no one is around to hear it  does anyone give a shit?
"shes nothing like a girl youve ever seen before, nothing you can compare to your neighborhood whore im tryin to find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful the way that booty movin i cant take no more have to stop what im doin so i can pull her close im tryin to find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful  damn girl! damn yooz a sexy bitch, a sexy bitch damn yooz a sexy bitch"
going to dinner w  my mom for her birthday  smile 
writing a pretty legit essay about why money isnt the root of all evil   damn im a great writer  smile 
"hmmm i just realized something   in us history, we have spent the\entire year learning about black history on and off over many, many\chapters  sometimes, we dedicate entire classes just to black history  today, we finally learned something about latino history  it\lasted for about 2 pages in the book  and we discussed for all of 5 minutes  so weak  "
nothing makes you feel like more of a loser than being the only fucking person at lifetime on a friday night   aside from like two 50+ year old men   god damnit  
super <propfirst> galaxy 2 !!  smile 
"once you go brown, i'll never let ya down "
"\why did my penis cross the road? to get to the other vagina \"" - <propfirst> lajoie"""
got 2 henna tattoos today  smile 
korn tonight!
was in the verrry front like the whooooole concert   i'm gunna feel this tomarrow    
i wish i could just get away   
thor has demonstrated his power 
"its like waking up from a horrible, horrible nightmare that has been going on since august    oh how i love summer!"
why did i wait until now to take my sat? :[
"if any1 wants to go to lifetime, hit me up! 210-542-6971"
"today, i found a lost dog, chased her around for like 30 minutes until i finally caught her, returned her to her owners, and diddnt even accept the $100 reward they wanted to give me  good deed accomplished  smile "
goodbye charger   helloooo camaro!
got a such a good tan  wink 
go see toy story 3  stop reading this and go see it!
here to breed and fuck shit up 
auf gehts deutschland!
this status update was made possible by the new iphone4  wink 
summer goal achieved! decline bench 245lbs  smile 
"awww germany lost  sad   w e its still has the 4th largest economy in the world, and spain is like 9th  "
go netherlands! beat the shit out of those mexican wannabes!
eh this looked fun haha   like this status! like dislike first impression confession  smile 
craaaazzzyy night hahah  
goood day   even better nightttt  wink 
"phone is broken - if u need to talk to me do it thru facebook   you would think they would fucking water proof iphones by now, but no   grrr  "
alright phone is replaced! but i lost sooo many <propfirst>   (210)542-6971 - hit it up!
holy shit i just found $105 in my pocket! this is the start of a wonderful day  smile 
scorpions tonight  smile 
learned a few very valuable lessons tonight   and broke a personal record   20  wink 
"another night, another crazy ass story hahah  "
people overreact waaaay too much when cops show up at parties  
"if we light this fire, you and i will burn this world to ash "
"today i learned i can drive my car <propmale>  it was fast before, but now   omg   haha  laugh "
if you really knew me is suuuuch a good show  smile 
seriously considering getting a tattoo  
"poll for guys: would you rather have\a) your dream job\or\b) your dream girl"
\the last three or four reps is what makes the muscle\,d5970b91c1dbc300327a85aecf0c72b7,beat a <propfirst> cobra (looked like an '0 smile  and a 2010 dodge challenger srt8 tonight  good times  smile 
officially less than one year until im done with high school!
watching half baked  smile 
gtl: done   now what??
god damnit   why can i never get munchies for healthy food?? :[
"\the best activities for your health are pumping and humping \"" - <propmale> schwarzenegger"""
rockstar uproar tour in corpus today  smile  any1 else goin?
suuuch a great concert  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
off to battle  wink  haha
gym then cowboys  sleep is for the weak!
"well   fuck  i hate when you know something shouldn't get you down, but it still does  time to work out to get my mind off things   for the fourth time today   damn i'm going to be sore tomarrow "
protein
"i put my hand up on your hip, when i dip, you dip, we dip  you put your hand up on my hip, when you dip, i dip, we dip    90's haha  wink "
best south park ever!
"sex robots and a wolf pack \targeting <propfemale> tomarrow\""   interesting day  smile """
"cowboys tonight, room in my car for 1 more! (210)542-6971"
"sometimes you just need to accept things for what they are, and move on   no matter how difficult it may be "
"i went out for a jog and this random dog followed me for like 45 minutes   then the owners drove by and reclaimed him  i gotta say, that dog was chill as shit "
"2 hours of straight biceps, triceps and abs   damn i feel good!  smile "
does anyone else love how early it gets dark now?  smile 
"to all veterans and future veterns, thank you for sacrificing so much for your country, and all her citizens  rip grandpa   thank you for your service in the u s  air force  i really wish i could have met you  "
god damn   this new supplement tastes sooo bad! but i told myself i'd give it 2 weeks   :[
"i'm old enough to vote, drive, smoke cigarettes and give my life for my country   but i am apparently not old enough to go into a library without a pass  fuck high school "
"\dude   are you high?\"" -mr  <propmale>"""
my car just made me very proud  smile 
just got wisdom teeth taken out   ouch  sad 
"dear neisd, fuck you for making me and thousands of other students  go to school in this cold ass weather  \sincerely, \another jaded senior"
what a wonderful day for it to snow  smile 
got my car back!! oh how i missed her  smile 
amazing valentines day with my amazing girlfriend  smile 
god damn   i need a vacation  spring break cannot come fast enough!
pretty sure i lost my workout gloves    damnit!!
"not gonna lie, the new pokemon game is pretty damn good   no homo "
"clearly, the whales were pissed at the japanese for their consistent whaling  so, earlier today, the whales of the ocean all headbutted japan at the same time  this caused an 8 9 earthquake  the tsunami ensued  mystery solved!"
"it's st  <propfirst> day! which is like the 420 of alcohol  use a condom, don't drink and drive, and have a fun night everyone  wink "
