b62c59457d3c04e56cd19e825875ea5c
hey everyone this is important!!  if u get a message from anyone about being in a video it is a virus   it runs through your whole friends list and sents it to them too!!!!  do not open it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  please pass this on
you muust see thiss vvideo now!! itt's the beest one!! http annoyed  www facebook com topic php?topic=11376&uid=45228867136
"i was just reading the roane county paper's story about b  burgesse's death  does it bother anbody but me that they e playful lain word for word,step by step 2 diffrent ways to abuse pain patches  people are going to do what they want,but they're kids out there that now have instructions to get high and possibly kill themselves "
you mmust see thiis vvideo now!! itt's the besst oone!
"it's pathetic  went to a party  home, drunk, and ready for bed by 9 smile 0  damn i'm old "
"just got back from drive-by truckers concert at the <propmale> center  the show was awesome  they did alot of new songs and they ripped it  <propmale> out after the show got to meet whole band got  pictures and autographs and talked to them all  cool band they talked and b s  with everybody,real nice guys all of them "
"4yr olds don't understand when you don't feel good  they want to play, and even though you don't feel like playing, having your kid close makes everything a little better  even if she's a pain in the butt "
just watched rambo 1 & 2 back to back  still kicks ass!!!
"just put the rugrat to bed and read her \where the wild things are\""  me and her both love that book """
looks as if someone shook the snowglobe 
i hope you all enjoy the vd!
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven "
"daughter week: if you have one daughter or more, who makes your life interesting and fun, has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status  your world would not be the same without them!"
today is a good day  i got the call this morning that i'm going to work tomorrow  first real work since august  i'm excited as i get  only bad thing is now i've got to get up in the morning like a normal person  i'm use to sleeping till 11 or 12 everyday now ive got to get up about 6 am  it sucks to be a grown-up!
"<propfirst> t conley this is suppose to be true: today close to where i live there is a mentally challanged boy, he called his mom and said mom i caught a troll today u need to come home  she said ill be home at my reg time  a couple hrs later he called her again and said mom u need to come home i caught a troll, again she said ill be h   ome later  when she got home she found a lil person in the closet "
facebook friends: we need prayers sent out for <propfirst> <propmale> and his family  they welcomed their son <propfirst> <propmale> to the world 13wks early  he is doing pretty good and breathing on his own right now  he was 1lb 13oz and 13in long  thanks
just put baby bear to bed  shes been sick for 2 days  it kills me when she dont feel good 
"<propfemale> alert!!!!! in edmonton, ky - a little girl, 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car, license was plated quebec 72b 381  copy and paste this as your status  it could save that little girl  this kidnapping is recent, so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you so spread the word !!!"
"i'd like to know when was the last time anyone listened to \freebird\""  i listened to it today and to me it's still amazing """
"is sick! not in the normal way ,i,m talkinseriously ill  and it suckss"
can't sleep and got to get up in 2 and half hours
"just watched the \2 girls 1 cup\"" video trailer i have a pretty stout stomach and that just about made me lose it """
ha
ha ha! i believe i have a herd on!
the boy is scared
ther are so many b-days around now you can tell were 9 months past the cold of winter
today is my baby girls 5th birthday   happy birthday <propfirst>!!  love daddy
just got back from black walnut festival and am wore slap out! kid was out before we got home  had fun but glad its over!!!
warning!!!!!!     don't use the christmas tree app  please be advised it will crash your computer  the geek squad says it's one of the worst trojan viruses there is and it is spreadingquickly  re-post and let your friends know
"workin on water pump all day, now with coburn's mom in er   roads r goin to get nasty   can't afford to miss work again  about to lose my mind!"
"<propfemale> just left our house  left the goods ,shared a shot and hit the road  don't think you can get dui in a sleigh "
"woke up and went in to find <propfirst>  still in bed i asked if she seen what <propfemale> brought her  with the saddest face she said\ i didn't get anything\"" broke my heart  i asked her what she ment she said she looked and nothin was in her playroom  i told her to look in the living room  then everthing was ok"""
1 more hour and it will be over  yee-freakin-haw!!
watchin blues brothers  love this movie
"seuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d\pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l\35"
just drove home from <propmale>  it suuuuuucccckkkkeeedd so bad!
"f'n water froze off, house cold as hell  screw winter!!!"
i've been told if you want to hear god laugh tell him your plan  because of this i beleive i'm one of his favorites cause i bring him so much joy 
this sucks the kid is sick and gotta go for x-rays in <propmale> and dads on his way to clarksburg with pnemonia
"i don't know who you are, but if i find out i'll bury you in the mountain and you won't be heard or seen again "
does anyone need a good dog? my dad has some pups je'd like to get rid of  they r shepard and boxer mix so they r goin to get big but they should be pretty smart 
