5e5c4eee8a375ec76a8de2d9976f74ad
the magic better quit f*cking up
"well the magic blew it, time to get back to the real world"
so busy
hataz gonna hate and they ain't gone quit   well i say f*ck um wit a sandpapa <propmale>!!
"she call me the referee cuz i be so official, my shirt aint got no stripes but i can make her p*ssy whistle"
"sweat pants, hair tied, chillin with no makeup on, that when you're the prettiest i hope that you don't take it wrong"
"r i p  the <propmale> of pop, <propfemale> fawcett, and <propmale> mcmahon   it's a sad week in entertainment"
gettin' life together
now <propmale> mcnair is dead? wtf is going on?
wondering what's next
"bored out my mind, someone hit me up with something"
"bout to get a lil workout in, be back in like 2 hrs  hit me up with something to get into"
time to hit them weights! oh yea!
<propmale> gatti? man it just aint healthy to be a celebrity anymore
"everybodys a jerk   you're a jerk, i'm a jerk, that jerks a jerk"
i don't wear tight jeans like the white boys   but i do get wasted like the white boys!
i finally saw transformers 2 and i was not disappointed 
watching black in <propfemale> 2
hot boy in a cold world
just got done with kickboxing now its time to eat and find something to get into tonight
beast
"time to hit the gym for a little bit, get some food, then work tonight"
whenever i'm not around and you're feeling down let the thought of me be the reason you smile
"i'm still fly, i'm sky high and i dare anybody to try and cut my wings  i'm still shuttin' cities down everytime i come around n!gga i'm still doin' my thing"
i always wonder why birds choose to stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on the earth   then i ask myself the same question
got accepted to take the post assesment test for the us capitol federal police   so its off to washington d c  next week  yea <propmale>!
"i appreciate all the support but i guess i can't read good  the test isn't til september   lol, my bad  so bottle up the support for a month, then we'll be good"
suntan superman
"no class, no football, no college buddies   damn, guess school wasn't so bad"
r i p  aaliyah   8yrs gone but you still live on
got my head to the sky got the ground unda my feet got fire flowin' through my veins cuz my heart pumps heat
sometimes you cant <propfemale> understand the closest people to you
"some days i say \wish i was a kid again\"""""
i'm here because  playful 
great weekend  miss you babycakes
dammit kanye   stop setting black folks back with ya ignorantness  thank god beyonce has some class to spare
the lost boy who gets fly without <propfirst> pan
don't you know about the bird   everybodys heard that the bird is the word!! well a birbirbir bird is the word a well a birbir bird is the word!!
i don't want everything but at least let me get something   damn
cleavland show
"keylargo   montego   baby why dont we go down to cocomo, but not to fast cuz rollo takes it slow"
i'm tired of the monotony and mediocrity
i'll tighten my belt before i beg for help
why you always want to butt heads with me don't you know i'm an aries
aced my assessment test! i wasnt worried but it's good to finally get the results
"if you only had 24hrs to live just think where would you go, what would you do, who would you scew, and who would you want to notify, or would yo @$$ deny that yo @$$ about to die?"
bout to hit the road and head up to the hill for homecoming weekend
"havin a good time at the hill seein his people, watchin the team win, and gettin the new tat"
back in the o  good weekend except for grown foks actin like little kids   grow up
"wait, wait, wait   ooowwww   and boom goes the dynamite"
i'm about to be all over you like white on rice in a glass of milk on a paperplate in a snowstorm
life ain't always peaches 'n cream
no autotune but you can feel the pain and sometimes it all come spillin' out like i hit a vein
"the prisons aint full and the reaper aint biased, anyone who tells you differents a damn liar"
my brain feels all twisted like a pretzel   i got a pretzel in my head!
wtf is going on  can't the world just throw me a straight pitch instead of all these curveballs?
man i lost 10lbs in  a week cuz of all my stressful dumb sh!t  back to bein sick and tired of everything
i plan on eating til i pop
"food was good, chilled for a little bit, time to get back to business  f*ck the dumb sh!t"
amped and ready to get back on track
if i didnt get to sleep til 5 why have i been awake since 9 this morning? ugh
just gotta make it
why does diddy have a grill in his new video?
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get"
rainy day in the sunshine state
tired
a wise man told me don't argue with fools cuz people from a distance can't tell who is who
on my mc hammer ish cuz you can't touch this   ha!
"i dont fcuk wit pigs like asalamalakum, i put um in the field and let osar meyer bake um"
"graduation tomorrow, i finally get that $100,000+ piece of paper"
graduation got cancelled   flight home got cancelled   wtf   wtf!!!
god bless the dead
glad to be home and off for today and tomorrow
out to the club tonight then back to work tomorrow
"had fun last night with my people, going for a run in a little bit, then off to work later"
today off then work the rest of the week  i gotta get rid of this cold or whatever it is i got
<propfemale> christmas
feeling better so work then maybe go out tonight  hit me up if u wanna do something
off work ready to live a little
ready to go to the miami game  lets go canes
i need to do something big
"goin out for the last time for a little bit  i gotta save up, i been spendin to much"
back to work
"ready to get the worst year of my life over with and start 2011  new year, new decade, new me  happy new years ya'll, let's do it big!!"
"one more night at work then i got a whole week off, can't wait to relax "
worst start to a new year ever
just gotta make it
"they gonna keep pushin' me until i reach the ledge and when i reach the ledge i'll tell um all to eat a d*ck, take a leap of faith, and let my eagle wings spread"
heard some tracks off the new snoop and im likin what im hearin so far
chargers & cowboys lets get thes w's
"still got crap in my chest and nose, but feelin better"
i get it in
   
oh squiggly line in my eye fluid   
back to the grind
i'm about to be a fitness coach so get at me if u want to be a client  i added 25lbs to both my bench and squat in less than 2 months so hit me up if u need some coaching up and i can also help u shed that baby winter holiday fat like your resolution says  get at ya boy!
"since they got this whole look-alike pic thing goin i thought i'd put up who everyone says i look liike  i dont see it, but u be the judge"
goin to see the advance screening of wolfman tonight
gooniegoogoo
"pain is temporary, chicks dig scars, and <propfemale> lasts forever"
"im so tired physically, mentally and emotionally its making me dizzy   i just want to sleep for 3days straight  i miss how easy things were a year ago  lonliness sucks, i wish i could punch it  clusterf*ck   yea that describes things pretty good"
decisions decisions
do you think about me?
one of these day i'm gonna start feeling good like the old me   who knows maybe it'll be tomorrow   hmm   sounds like a plan   chickachicka yea
did pilates and shoulder trap lifts this morning but its all downhill from here  cant wait to stop workin at bally
the guns dont really need any more improvement but im gonna hit up bi's and tri's in a minute anyway
"pilates + chest  back today, ya'll need to get on my level  im off tomorrow, so what are we doin?"
"for real, whats good tomorrow? im off and i cant be sitting around all day doing productive stuff "
don't be mad at him when its on to the next one   brosbeforehoes   lame ass chicks need to find a white crayon and color a f*ckin zebra
"pilates is not a joke, third class and its still whoopin me   its all worth it tho"
"i hate when plans fall apart, now i gotta force the pieces together and make life work"
"people seem to notice everytime i do smile, i guess that means they come few and far between"
ok you're a bad guy but whats a bad guy to a villian
looky looky i got hooky
"i want the money, cars, clothes, but you can keep the hoes"
birthday on monday and i need to figure out what i'm gonna do  any suggestions?
just watched the erykah badu video (yea i know i'm late) and igot two things to say  (1) deep (2) i was not prepared for the booty (crucial)
"only day off this week and i plan on doing a whole lotta nothing, but u can still hit me up wit whats goin on"
from sugar to sh!t
"go rollo it's my birthday, i'm gonna party like it's my birthday"
"layin around doin nothing is great, why can't i find a job doing this?"
"back to work today ugh, i need some change in my life"
"sometimes we try to find a road to the richess  need roadside assistants  blisters on my knees, from begging for forgiveness  ain’t no dollars on my trees but mileage on my feet  ‘cause i been climbing to the peak, and running from the bullshit"
"anyone ever heard of \john casablancas\""?"""
getting ready for a big week
please let hooters be slow today  i dont feel like working hard
i just made up my mind about what i want to do with my life   be f*ckin' awesome!!
"damn, i only took a week off from working out and almost died doing my new workout "
a lot on my mind
"i'm much sicker than you, and when i play sick i'm <propfirst> with the flu"
who wants to hit up cocoa beach tomorrow? hit me up
boondocks!!
yo
"the days off were good, just what i needed  back to the grind with another good workout before im back cookin it up at hoots"
tyga dogg in this b!tch!!
"people say \natural high\"" doesn't exist but when you make popcorn and spend the whole time thinkin about how it works and wanting to put one kernel in to see how popcorn pops and being amused by the thought   i think its existance has been proven"""
lame
ugh
last night was definately a good one
work day! back to tear the gym up!
todays plan: improve my body in the gym then improve my mind in a book
"just watched yes man, maybe i'll try that covenant out for a lil bit"
hot damn!!! it's a new day!!!
about to start packing for the big trip  oh yea!
"<propfemale> las vegas   how bout that ride in, i guess that why they call it sin city"
9hrs of traveling tomorrow and i'm back in the o  oh and when i get back please believe i'm definitely gonna be about my business 
i haven't hit the gym in a week and a half   i'm back from vacation and bout to set it off in this b!tch <propfemale> pinkett!!
smh   fml   wtf
how come there's so much ignorance in the world? this is why i don't like people 
i'm not outta shape or nothing but damn flag football and the sun tag teamed me for a grade a @$$ whoopin'
i gotta get my <propfemale> back on track
this has been the worst half a month ever   the next half has got to be better   just keep swimming
ok   so what now?
ugh   
"if the <propfirst> lopez show wasn't funny i'd be mad right now  i'm getting a drink, f*ck it"
"feelin' pretty good today, yea boy!"
why are people out to piss me off on my feel good day? tomorrows my day off and i do not feel like being fcuked with 
picked up a shift at work tonight   i might as well set up and live at hooters
the root of evil is the lack of money
let's get it!!
"stop caring about whats posted on fb so much, it's not the real world "
role models: be a drug dealer not a drug addict
i'm tin man   heartless
the chains of my past imprison my future
"stayed out to late last night, woke up early to go to church this morning (yea i surprised myself), and i'm hungry  i swear if anyone f*cks with me at work   let's just say it wont be pretty"
i'm feelin' ne-yo's new music video movies
i think my swag's slowly coming back  time to straighten all this mess out
"life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away "
so bored
the quack atack is back <propfirst>
"to many times i've been wrong, i guess being right takes to long"
"i'm glad i went to the fam reunion this weekend, it helped me more than i thought it would  just wish i didnt have to go into work as soon as i got in from driving from sc "
"the statistics on sanity is that one out of every four persons is suffering from some sort of mental illness  think of your three best friends -- if they're okay, then it's you "
whatever   
"friday the 13th   damn, i'd much rather watch scary movies all day and night with my girl(if i had one) than go to work  smh"
back to the basics
i watched the mighty ducks earlier today   damn i miss the 90's
chillin
best 8am meeting ever!!!
harder to kill than a cockroach on steroids
feelin' pretty good
"i'm bad, i'm bad   you know it!"
"being sick sucks  i'm irritated and don't feel like dealing with people, glad i got the next few days off  ugh"
"feeling a lil better, now all i need is to find something to get me out of the house"
"tats on my arms, tats on my back   take off my shirt and flex, the girls love that"
barack obamas been in office for this long and i still ain't heard him thank black dynamite for being his inspiration   that jive turkey mutha   
why doesn't anyone just chill anymore? i wanna get out the house but ii don't want to always have to spend money when i do 
done dealing with people
"damn i feel outta shape, bout to go for a run before work"
hopefully life will be better when i wake up than when i go to sleep
"they say good things come in three's   well, i'm still waiting for my first one "
i had the pleasrue of sharing a few times with a great guy that was somehow always smiling when i saw him  the good die young and you will be missed  r i p <propfirst> d
time for a change
"women love me, men wanna be me, and animals wanna learn how to talk so they can <propfemale> out with me "
"the nfl's crying about ppl getting concussions   suck it up  it's never affected me and i've had 3, or has it been 4   i can't remember   wait   what was i talking about?"
"filling out applications now, workout later, then work all night (trivia night   beware black dynamite's irrelevant knowledge)"
"workout in a few, look for some jobs, and maybe hit chillers tonight  hit me up with some plans"
goin' to chillers
done with fake ass people  if you're fake let me know so i can get rid of you  thanks
let's get dangerous
lets get get get it!!
"i see through p*ssy n*ggas, call it my cat scan"
"i have rassled with a alligator  i done tussled with a whale! i done handcuffed lightning, throwed thunder in jail! only last week, i murdered a rock, injured a stone, hospitalized a brick  i'm so mean, i make medicine sick!-muhamed <propfirst>"
"glad i went back up to the hill for homecoming weekend, got to see all my people and watch the team win  good times"
"the job interview went pretty good, got a nice back workout in, now im gettin ready for work  pretty fulfilled day  all i need is to hear back back from the right ppl w  some good news and i'll be a completely content lil guy "
grinding
 smile 
i need a new phone
i love the cypher!!!
sometimes you just gotta laugh
hercules time
feelin' good feelin' great
i missed when my phone got delivered today so another day with this crappy broken phone   smh
new phone so text me or msg me on here
smh
so is ohio st overrated yet? 1 quarter to find out
"wow, time for some serious self evaluation"
no habla jibber jabber fool!!
"tough loss  for my hill boys, but ya'll still got to much to play for  we ballin' boy!!"
"last night was bull, this job is killing me"
"been to hell and back, i can show you vouchers"
happy gangsta day and <propfemale> g-mas!
"why is it that when someone's average or below in something and try to improve on it they are met with encouragement, but when someone is above average in something and try to improve on it they are met with negative feedback(i e  nerd, workaholic, musclehead   )  and ppl wonder why our country is a fat, lazy, c+ student "
"today's gonna be a long day, hope my 5hrs of sleep was enough"
"ugh, my head hurts"
can't wait for this year to be over
"today was a good day   not perfect, but good"
t-u-r-t-l-e power
sleep
hello world
how does 10mins of stupid fc*k up 24yrs of work   fml
"happy birthday to my pops, <propmale> wright"
hungry
thank you <propfirst> <propmale>
let me know what you're doing 11 27
yo momma so old she used to gangbang with the hebrews
"i'm a spacebound rocketship and your hearts the <propfemale>, and i'm aimin' right at you   right at you"
"need to be productive today   car, body, money"
first lag workout in months   ya'll pray for me
i made it but i know ima be sore as hell tomorrow
off to work
all i gotta do is make it through work and this lond a$$ weekend is finally over 
much needed day off
i really dont feel like doing anyting
<propfirst> mcsupafly
when i get right i promise that we gonna live it up
finally watched avatar   good movie
going to watch the fights @hooters
work
off work tomorrow but it's still a busy day   no rest
of course when i actually feel like washing my car it rains   smdh
coolin'
i go hard in the paint!!! well maybe not the paint but i'm bout to go hard in the gym!! ah!!!
played a little thanksgiving day football now i'm ready to grub til i can't walk 
"i love thanksgiving but you know you got the itis bad when you fall asleep at the table after eating  yup, i couldn't even make it to the couch   awesome"
"like the elastic in a fat mans underwear, i'm worn out"
contemplative   
oh <propmale> <propmale> you genius you
"please be an easy nnight tonight, i really don't feel like working "
i'm so mean i'll piss a happy meal off
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse! copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
ok so the profile pic as a cartoon thing was a hoax by some sick @$$ ppl but i still had fun reliving the <propfemale> days  the 90's were so good 
"sometimes, your whole life boils down to one insane move "
   space bound   
"ugh, i could use a drink  fml"
chillers tonight  who's down?
"thanks, yet again you turned a good day into crap real fast  guess this is what you call trying "
hot myself feeling good again
"long couple days, but it was worth it  3 5 weeks"
thor looks so legit
d-_-b    chillin
i'm feelin like diddy today so my aka for right now is seabiscuit  8-)
partied a little to hard last night  oooooweeee
might as well hit citywalk with my boi <propmale> and the peeps  gonna take it easy tonight tho   maybe 
where's the love?
red <propfemale> on tuesday
"why do i think so much? i wish i could have selective memory loss  ugh, honestly i wish i could just wipe this whole year out  2010 sucked in so many ways, c'mon fate i'm ready for my visit  i don't wanna go back to 'i don't give a f**k mode' but it's definitely easier to deal with all the bull "
"i hate being pissed on so does that mean i like getting pissed off? i guess so since i always am   whatever, ftw"
"tonight ended good   listened to outkast (w  a little bone thugs, bubba sparks, and kid cudi) while watching the lunar eclipse, saw a shooting <propfemale>, and had a loko  *sigh* nice"
off to pick up some hrs
i think my head's about to e playful lode
lucifer rebelled against god  god is the parent of all things  all people rebel against their parents  so does that make us all devils??   love  emm  love 
watching fraggle rock  laugh 
time top do a little anger management
you either die as the hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villian
<propfemale> christmas all!! have a good one for me 
time to jingle some bels and give a little christmas football cheer out  malibooyow!!
christmas sucks without ppl to share it with
thanks to my hooters ppl and <propmale> for being my <propmale> fam on christmas  <propfirst> you my dog too i just don't wanna interrupt the flow  love ya'll
"the plan was to drink until the pain over, but what's worse the pain or the hangover"
"damn, maybe one day i'll be normal   todays not looking to good and tomorrows pretty doubtful too"
"sick but bout to go fill out some job paperwork  back to grinding with 2 jobs   fyi, i hate working "
"do not pass go, do not collect $200, do not f*ck with me!! game over!!"
didn't get everything done today that i wanted but i got some  i need money 
relaxing
sushi
cheddar biscuits
rockit rollercoaster has my seal of approval
gotta finish the week off good 
"tired, this past week's been   something"
finally got back to the gym after a week of bein off and feelin much better  ready to get through the day and watch the game premiere 
"damn, i don't know why i thought it was the 11th  gotta wait for the game tomorrow  bcs bowl tonight"
"i shoulda been a kicker  play videogames and drink all week, maybe practice for abt an hr a week, sleep in film, then go out an win the national championship "
stupid work made me miss the game last night  i guess 11 5 extra hrs this week is worth it tho
everybody dies but not everybody lives
lifes a b*tch and i'll die fot the right one
"wtf!!! i'm a pisces now? nope not cool with the zodiac changes, i'm staying an aries"
"ok, everyone can stop freaking out abt the zodiac thing  it doesn't affect us ppl in the western world  trust me or look it up  still an aries baby!!"
don't feel like doing anything
anorher day another dollar
so   tired  two jobs is rough  i'm at 45hrs and counting
tgif
"so my life's starting to get stable aka boring, is this what being grown up is about?"
"we used to <propfemale> from a tree   now we behind the rope, v i p  $o ready"
"one more long day this week, at least i get a paycheck tomorrow and saturday off  my first full day off in like 2 weeks   what should i do? any suggestions?"
went to medieval times   awesome!!
another long week begins
worn out but i gotta hit the gym
baka baka!!!!!
not really feelin good today
in f*ck it mode for some reason
eh
"finally saw the captain <propfemale> trailer   pretty good, even if he wasnt an original avenger"
"busy busy day, its all positive and im feelin good"
sometimes life turns you upside down so you can learn to live rightside up
"ready to get out of the da,"
ready to get out of this damn job
i love when ppl talk sh!t then b!tch up when they come face to face 
"dyings is easy, living is hard"
"when life gives you lemons, you paint that sh!t gold"
ihop then a movie
empty
<---miss my hair
really? really? can u be that stupid?
i doubt you really want to know whats on my mind facebook and thats good cuz i really don't wanna tell you 
forgiving is easy   forgetting is hard
met <propmale> camby at work
havent had a phone for abt a week so if u been trying to get  hold of me just send me a msg on here 
just saw wednesday night fight club is back at makos   yea boy!!
work work work and waiting for my new phone
finally got my new phone so imma need those <propfirst>
why are some ppl so damn sensitive and dramatic? chill out and grow up or go get some help 
"just shoot me, plz"
"finally get a day off  a lot of plans, not a lot of time"
it was all a dream
happy st pattys day ya'll
going to play some mini golf with @<propfemale> murphy
"saw <propfirst>, liked it"
"tired, i feel like its gonna be a long day"
sucker punch
megacon
the days been good but its starting to slide   tired of this
i feel lie everyones at the beach but me   lucky b@st@rds
i need to move somewhere that doesnt have stupid ppl
workin security at makos
hoping all goes to plan
2 more days
