05c6bf9a9113e210063aa4e50f97fedd
sometimes i wonder why girls are so stupid and go back to dumb shit 
09 09 09!
san <propmale> for the weekend  smile 
is beyond sick   slowly dying *tear*
should i   or shouldnt i?  annoyed 
"today would have been a dope day for my boy to be born because of the date, 1-1-11  oh well! happy new year everyone!!! enjoy your hangover  love  lmao"
como que ya no puedo dormir   *sigh* what to do   what to do   
is no longer a bridezilla  smile 
have i told you lately that i love you?
has a lot on her mind   
in exactly one month things will change     love 
i hate chase   stupid piece of shit   
so   there are 20 days left   
only 10 more days   starting to get those nervous feelings   
"amar y querer no es igual   amar es sufrir, y querer es gozar   sigh   6 more days   "
only 17 more hours     love 
smoke weed everyday !
new number  smile 
work work work   i miss my baby   
i'm not used to having one hour lunch breaks   lol
playing on my husbands ps3 lol
i'm so happy right about now  love 
love and devotion grow as days pass and kisses multiply    love 
im tripping the fuck out  i have my marriage license in front of me     surprise 
add me   ps3: lucyyy_7
i want to go mimis  annoyed 
is going to work on that exercise plan now  lol
i cant believe im about to cook some titiles   ewww   (mollejas) look it up
i cant believe chayanne tickets are over 400 dollars  sad 
no work tomorrow so im sleeping in with my baby  love 
today is most def a good day  laugh 
i have to get used to this phone   
about to get my hair dyed dark burgundy red  love 
gasp! <propfemale> babys daddy is due home in an hour or so and the rooms still a mess  annoyed  sigh   
i hope my babe likes the mini surprise i got him  laugh  hehe i love being a wifey
ugh i can't believe i have a flat > annoyed 
totally just woke up from a 4 hour nap and now on a hot date with the hubby haha
damn french movies are low key kinda creepy   
my thingy is no longer lost  thank goodness!!!  laugh 
called the world for the cd my husband wants  finally found it at fye after busting a mission  that low key makes me a good wife  lol
gasp!!!! happy meals won't come with toys anymore!!!!
i don't feel good at all  annoyed  sigh   
some fucking day off this turned out to be  i'm awake and i don't even work today  > indecision 
gambling is scary  sad  i don't like these machines   even if i already won five dollars lol
i was at a swapmeet and goldfish are now $5 a piece   wtf!!! they use to be like  25 cents back in the days!!!!
heading out to a dodger game   blehhhh -_-
i low key wish i had an angels shirt to wear at the dodger game just to see what would happen  not that i'm an angels fan -_-
i feel like i have a 21 year old son upstairs in our room playing video games  lol
i wonder what would happen if i ____ you 
yay! i have insurance now  laugh  i can finally get my glasses lol
why do i feel sick?  sad 
i'm in the bubble without even trying to be in the bubble  tee <propfemale> <propfemale>
eating at a chinese buffet   i wonder how many cats and dogs i've eaten thus far here  surprise 
feeling somewhat better i guess   but on the bright side i'm in my <propfemale>'s arms  smile 
my sancha's home for the summer  laugh 
hmmmm   monroe or lip?? i'll see what i do  smile 
i think i might just kill someone  > indecision 
sigh   ima be alone almost all weekend  sad 
finally went to the gym with 2 of my fave people   and now getting ready to knock out   if i can  sad 
my feet are killing me  -_-
question of the day: what is the difference between sopa de pollo y caldo de pollo?
at the octopus sushi bar  with the hubby and cousin
i know everything happens for a reason but i can't help but feel nervous for what's to come  i love you family  love 
<propfemale> is a virtue   however its something i don't have   so let's see how everything turns out     annoyed 
quiero bunuelos!!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed 
watching <propfemale> in wonderland con mi <propfemale>  smile 
i dislike it when people think we have money to throw away when in reality we work hard for what we have  > indecision 
bunuelos + cacao =  love 
can't wait&hearts;
seeing the ultrasound today almost made me cry  smile 
at bj's celebrating jessicas birthday  smile 
baby wants carne asada   but mommy don't own a grill  sad  lame !
i wish he was home   i hate how our jobs separate us at times   oh well   gotta do what we gotta do for babyyyy
i am totally not ready for all the ruckus that's going to happen in hp right now   damn mexico   
hp is worse than i thought  they're busting a mini parade on <propfemale> & pacific  beware 
i am not leaving my house now  i don't wanna die with those damn gun shots in the air  lol
i am debating on if i want to cook chancho or not    lol
the er is scary  sad  and i can't believe i have to wear the robes that show your butt!!!
happy fathers day to all the dads out there including mine  smile  and also to the soon to be daddys like my hubby! love you  love 
morning sickness is a bit stronger this morning  sad 
i wonder if the people we love who passed away watch over us? miss you mama chuy  annoyed 
i can't believe i'm actually watching a soccer game ! lol
on the bright side i don't have to worry about there being traffic in hp now  laugh  i shall go out in peace !
its getting super fucking annoying now   i'm going to have to put a stop to it before they bust out with more bs  ugh!!!
thank goodness my car was fixed  love  i now know what i want for my bday  new tires 
feeling worthless   and sick  sad 
i'm so happy i got to see my baby today  smile  and its heartbeat was so fast!  love 
going to the beach tomorrow  smile  i love you daddy  love 
do not buy the steak quesadilla from pollo loco   its so gross  annoyed  they should stick to chicken ! lol on the bright side my baby is buying me my 1st banana split  laugh 
lmfao the only reason i got into the bar is cuz i told the bouncer i'm pregnant and i won't drink anyways  lol
heading to knotts soak city  smile 
"if i have a boy i think i might just name him <propfirst>, if i have a girl   i really don't know but i like <propfemale> or <propfemale>  smile "
forever 21 has a maternity section  surprise 
its raining and i'm super fucking mad  not cuz of the rain though   
i'm going back to school in september  smile  now i'm doing it for the future of my baby  smile 
idk if its me or the baby     but i want a vanilla bean with extra extra extra extra caramel  sad 
i am now 20   old enough to do nothing   but its cool i'm preggers so its not like i was going to do anything  smile  lol
thank you so much for all the happy birthdays and blessings that were sent my way  you really made a hormonal pregnant chic feel special today  laugh  lol
bowling was fun with co workers   hilarious to see them all drunk   haha loved it 
i hate feeling nervous and scared   my tummy starts hurting a lot  crying 
i think our baby might just be a dancer  playful  lol he she was doing all these crazy moves today i swear it seemed like a rave was going up in me  lol
bought my first baby items  smile  hehe
"had my 1st street hot dog, the ones wrapped in bacon   it was sooooooo good!!! yum  love "
i wonder how big my baby is going to be since both me and hubby are over 5'8 lol
"august 2010 has 5 sundays, 5 mondays, 5 tuesdays, all in 1 month  it happens once in 823 years  lol"
if i have a girl i decided on the name violetta  i'm not liking the middle name my hubby chose though -_- lol
eating thai food with my baby daddy  smile  lol then taking a nap  hahaha having a baby drains a person!
i think its time i buy my first straightener  lol
had a wonderful time with my babe last night celebrating his bday  smile  he ended buying me flowers though lol now off to do errands at school and blah blah  sad 
"apparently my \pregnancy glow\"" says i'm having a girl  lol the things people come up with"""
i really want an elote  sad  the ones that they put that cheese and idk what else on it !!! what do i do?!?! the elote man doesn't pass by my house ever  crying 
"an hour later i finally found the elote man, thank goodness now this baby has me peaceful once again lol"
"tear, does anyone have an extra verizon phone in good condition??"
"i would think that this baby is asleep since its so late, but nope baby wants to tickle my insides instead  lol"
why does my body feel so hot at 6:45 in the morning?! and i already took a cold shower!!! ugh  annoyed 
two people on my friends list just posted at the same time practically the same status about having a good shopping day and neither of them know each other  weird -_-
its so hot idk what to do!!!  sad  i'm probably going to go window shopping just to be in an ac infested place  tear   hate this weather   
does anyone know where you can get your dog cremated at this hour?  sad 
"my car only sees the light of day at work, other than that its locked up in a garage  someone has been scratching my car at work and i know who  smile  i hope <propfemale> gets them in whatever way  smile  hehe"
i hope my babe gets better and its nothing that serious  sad  going to have to hit the emergency room tomorrow   sigh   crying 
why does it have to be so hot?!?! i woke up grumpy -_-
i don't feel good  sad 
the worst part about going to the er today was the fact that i was there for 5 hours getting different tests done  the best part about going to the er was when the doctor told me my baby was ok   love 
people complain because they get an early shift to work this week; well i work at 6 am every saturday  lol
"just woke up, feeling refreshed, my little monster is already moving, and i can't wait to spend all day with my hubby  smile  happy sunday  love "
"oh snap, school starts tuesday! i guess it's time to enrich my brain and hopefully my little ones at the same time too  lol  love "
for some strange reason i kinda miss working retail  lol
my first ticket  sad  and all because i decided to go back to school   
(500) days of summer    love 
it sucks being stressed sometimes   idk what the fuck ima do right about now    -_-
i love to feel my little monster move  smile  i love it even more when my hubby feels the baby  love 
home alone again     crying 
can't wait till he comes home  love  for now i'm going to watch cartoons to distract myself  lol
"i know its too late to eat, but i'm hungry  sad  i want pancakes with sausage and hashbrowns!!!!  crying "
"i guess being pregnant and going to norms alone at 3 in the morning has its perks   smile  i got an extra sausage link, an extra pancake and a double helping of hashbrowns   smile  yay! time to eat now!!  laugh  and make my baby happy   love "
finally going to bed after i have my glass of orange juice  g'nite everyone  love 
<propmale> nye the science guy is on the dr  oz show  lmfao
i  love  this weather 
i'm ultra craving starbucks!!! and i'm sooooo sooooo happy!!!!!  laugh 
well since they ruined the surprise for my husband already (and it wasn't me!) i'm happy to say i'm having a little boy  love   love   love 
tear   i guess i'm going to have to invest in some dope ass headphones and update my ipod for work now   and there's no way i'm kissing ass! -_-
"my husbands not very good at choosing boy names, or names in general  -_- i have no clue what to name my baby boy!!! i'm open for suggestions  lol"
does anyone know where i can download music for free that isn't virus prone but works similar to limewire?? please and thank you 
grateful for good friends like @<propfemale> morales who just gave me a shitload of super cute baby boy clothes  love ya girl   smile 
i'm still craving those damn burritos from school with the hot sauce  sad  idk how the hell i'm going to get my hand on at least one  tear
"dear little boy in my belly,\heartburn is not cool, especially not everyday  give mommy a break  lol"
"i'm in class, ready to learn about buddhism this week  love  and trying to secretly eat cookies  lol my little ones hungry hehe"
if there is an earthquake i just hope i'm dressed  lmfao
blackberrys are super fuckin lame -_- can't wait to get rid of mine!! lol
today is fan appreciation day at the dodgers stadium and our seats won a prize  laugh  yay! and the sun isn't hitting us either  woot woot  love 
"class is out early!!  laugh  i can go home, spend time with baby daddy, cook and watch my novela  haha  smile  but 1st the teacher wants to see me after class about my maiden last name -_- lmfao"
i like it in my closet 
i need more days off -_- today was a well deserved day off after a loooong week  sigh
"yay, early day out at work today! lol now to clean, wash, and cook  -_-"
i  love  chinese food !!!! hehe going to go play pool with hubby later  smile 
i had too much <propfemale> today!! haha and i see my babys reacting from the sugar rush too  he hasn't stopped moving all day!!!  laugh 
lmfao!! i guess it was worth working for gamestop for a good minute  gamestop got sued and my share of the settlement is over $500  hopefully enough people send in their claims because i sure am!!
"i just realized another way my little boy and hubby might be alike in  -_- hubby hates pasta, and i just realized i haven't had any cravings for it either! wtf!!! lol"
watching movies with wilber love 
my throat hurts  sad  i don't want to be sick!!!!
in n out is soooo yummy and ine playful ensive! lol  love 
i wish i had my little boy in my arms right now  love  3 more months to go 
"i'm going to watch \the human centipede\"" with the hubby  idk if i'll be able to withhold my fright  -_- lol"""
i hope i dont regret going out tonight tomorrow when i'm at work -_- lol well at least i have tuesday off! haha  laugh  everyone be safe and use condoms  playful 
one of my favorite episodes of i love <propfemale> is on   vitameatavegamin   smile 
the mcrib is apparently back now  i've never had one   maybe i should consider it  lol
i can't believe the unlimited pancakes are over with  -_- i guess seasonal pancakes it is   smile 
i can't drink juice anymore  sad  damn water retention!!!!
i love love love this weather  love  perfect weather to snuggle close to your loved one  laugh  hehe cant wait till my gordito comes home from work  he promised to keep me warm  smile 
i just bought some oreos to eat before i clock in! yummy  smile 
"yay, we have a red wii now   smile "
my little boy has hiccups  love 
3 day weekend  smile  1st saturday i have off since march haha yay  smile 
"these past days i've been having the most vivid dreams, i swear i wake up confused as fuck  lol"
hmm   what's a good middle name that goes with <propfirst>?  _  baby name choosing is hard!
even bad ass makeup doesn't cover famous peoples bad acne and pimples!!  annoyed  thank goodness i don't have to go through that 
i've been sick for a week already -__-
i am thankful for the wonderful family and friends that i have   and for my little boy who doesn't stop kicking me  love  hope everyone has a safe and happy day   smile 
played over two hours the wii today with my baby love  damn donkey kong is addicting!! lol
"i wish our little boy were here already in bed with me and his daddy  smile  but since he's not, i'm getting my belly rubbed by my love  hehe  laugh "
"change your facebook profile picture to a \cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  \until monday next week, we hope to see less human faces on facebook, but \an invasion of childhood memories this is for awareness of violence \against children, a great cause "
"watching \the nightmare before christmas\""  love  and eating a footlong  haha  laugh """
"had a wonderful random lunch date with shushanik at island's today  thank you for the food hun, love you  love "
"if my guy doesn't decide on a name for our little boy this weekend, i will!!! lol"
my baby boy has his name   laugh  <propmale> finally made up his damn mind last night  lol
i'm officially enrolled back into cal state !!  laugh  i chose my classes and everything  yay!!!!! i start school january 3  love 
"my little boy has a butt <propfemale> like his dad, but from the little he let us see of the rest of his face   its all me  poor baby is gunna look like his momma lmao"
who would have thought that there was a good sushi place right by my house  (p s  i live in little mexico lmao)
my feet are so damn swollen!  sad  idk how the heck i'm going to wear or better yet fit into my shoes for work tomorrow  sigh   
making the baby shower list with <propmale> and <propfemale>  smile 
about to take my final for class and this week i don't really fit in the desk that well cuz of my belly  hahaha  annoyed 
what's a good sight seeing place to take people to when they've never ever been to la?
"are you a music lover, but do not own an ipod to put all your music in?! or are you a dj in need of an ipod with a lot of memory to put your mixes in?! well then you're in luck! haha why? because i'm selling my ipod classic 160 gb and its the newest model  i got it not so long ago but have no use for it and it is in like new condition  hit me up if you're interested !!  love "
making pancakes for me and <propmale>  love 
blahhhh!! i need a verizon phone -__-
i don't remember when was the last time i had a headache this horrible  crying  ugh i need to go home    
locked out of my house -__-
"to whoever celebrates christmas, <propfemale> christmas  to the people who don't care, hopefully you at least got gifts  lol"
man oh man i'm starting to waddle worse than a penguin -__- lol
getting random pains  sad  ugh i'm done with being pregnant now   no energy left   sigh
i don't like the kaiser doctor who just helped me out; she was a total bitch  sad  i even cried lmao
why is school so e playful ensive???   and to top it off fees just keep going up!!!  annoyed  oh well now i really do have to keep going for my little one    
"at the doctors, super bored and light headed   sigh still have a looooong time to wait  damn glucose test!! -__-"
tonight is the 1st night my little monster doesn't let me sleep  lol then again it is my fault for eating 2 push pops not so long ago  hahaha
at the dmv enjoying a huge cup of fruit with chile and limon for breakfast  smile 
today is my last day of work  yay !!! maternity leave here i come    lmao
who knows good baby shower games?? lol we have a few already but we wanna see if there's any unique ones out there  playful 
"wow, you know you're completely outta shape when you walk from one end of csula to the other end and you're hella tired, outta breath and your ankles just swelled up really bad -__-"
eating homemade sopes at marisols house  smile  yum yum yum
wow feels good to sleep in and not be stressed out about work or anything   smile  now all i have to do is pay attention in class and wait for baby <propfirst> to make his grand entrance to this world  lmao i'm in such a good mood today  love 
i had a dream i was breast feeding last night   i think i'm ready for him to come out  lmao just not today!!
people coming to my house today   there will be an abundance of tacos!!!! so bring an appetite!!! i'm serious  lol
"extremely exhausted from yesterday, but i had fun  baby <propfirst>, you can come out now; everyone got lovely gifts for you and they're ready to be used!!  smile  lol"
the iphone comes out for verizon tomorrow    i wish i was <propmale> and could afford it  sad  lol so whos getting it?!
i go to school in slippers  smile  everyone stares at me   but i don't think its because of my slippers lmao
time to clean my room and make room for the baby and all his toys and clothes my friends&family got him   smile  i seriously don't need to buy him toys or clothes for a looooong while  lol
"i really want to go back to wearing my skinny jeans and some toms -__- lol almost there, almost there!!!!!"
"my car got a bad ass cleaning today, inside and out lol  laugh  we had to wait 2 hours but it was soooo worth it; looks brand new   except for the fender bender in the front  hehe"
"who wears heels to school?! i understand you want to look \cute\""   but heels?!?! lmao"""
my babys carseat came just now  laugh  <propfirst> you can come out now cuz i can take you home from the hospital if you do !! hehe  laugh 
