8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf
is that enrico?                          yeah?
admits that he may have fallen off the radar   sorry about that 
"is a mad, mad man "
"notices that when you get to be his age, birthdays aren't very special anymore "
thought the watchmen movie was so off the <propfirst> that it should be prosecuted for murdering another attendant at the shooting range 
computer is currently bricked 
"is going to have a very busy semester, all the more dificult thanks to his bricked computer "
is going to get a special education certification 
geo eboard meeting library room 228 tonight!
me day time!!!
is quite livid right now   
is better now
"busy, busy, busy     school work, and clubs, and new story idea oh my "
"facebook e playful eriment--if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
wonders if getting an adult dog is better than a puppy 
is thinking about some cheap costume for the haunted student center on friday   he might just spend a few bucks on thursday for ghost make-up to stretch his creative muscles   $6 isn't all that much 
"'s original costume idea didn't pan out so well   mostly because he had no idea what he was doing   however, he did a makeup test with the intended monster and it actually worked out pretty well due to his already furry face    hint hint   "
vampire vs  werewolf vs  zombie!!!  which would win?  i say werewolf hands down 
there's always next year   
remember when the bufallo sabers were kicking everyone's ass a few years ago?  what happened to that team?  not that i care if they're taking on the flyers and losing 3-1 
feels like there's just too much to do anymore   
is in a slump right now   
is going to be at rowan for at least 2 more years   
wonders how the hell he got a crick in his back this morning!
thinks he may move to <propfemale> after graduation
just one more assignment to go before the end of the semester!
"hmm    according to the climategate news, anthropogenic global warming really isn't happening, and the people in charge really have been suppressing evidence "
has a new favorite author   <propmale> ellison 
says it's hard to break down 20 sources in a week   especially when most of them are written in 18th century legaleese
just finished his colonial north <propfemale> paper!!!  i'm free!!!
"has 1 final left to complete, is damn sure he did good on sub-saharan africa, is pretty confident in colonial <propfemale>, and is certain he will do quite well in history of <propfemale>n education   also, he's moving to mansion park to live a-l-o-n-e!"
"found out that he's just in his room alone, he's not alone in the apartment "
is curious to know; how many of you like talking about abstract concepts?
marry xmas!!!
<propfemale> new year!
"what films do you like better the more you watch them?  for me it would have to be avatar and the dark knight   the former i didn't really love the first time i saw it, and the latter i've always loved "
this reminds me of this one time my <propmale> <propfirst> and i snuck a paintball gun onto a roller coaster   
"will be ecstatic when \the passing\"" comes out in the spring   he can't wait to see what happens when <propfirst> meets <propfirst>!"""
is quite certain that the rock owes disney a shit ton of money   why else would he be making all of these horrid films?
believes that this amount of broccolis is sufficient 
what the hell is with the weather?!  60 degrees today!!!  then we're going to have snow on friday into saturday!
"so, word on the grapevine is that rowan university will be tier 1 in about a decade   greater focus on research, larger class sizes, more money in grants    harder for transfers to get in and commuters to even attend "
hates the god damn bookstore!!!
"backs district 9 or inglourious basterds in the oscars; avatar really wasn't all that great, original, or even affecting   avatar will probably win anyway, though "
going way out there are ya'?
loves his new laptop!
says <propfemale> <propfirst> was awesome!
boxing is hard as hell!
swears that economics is 80% political propaganda 
would like to try world of darkness but doesn't have anyone to play it with 
power wounds; speed kills!
it's strange how different life is for a teacher in alabama as opposed to how it is in the northeast 
"well limbaugh, healthcare reform passed   are you leaving the country like you said you would, or are you going to weasle out of it with some lame \i have to stay and speak for the people\"" excuse?"""
zomg!!!  the healthcare <propmale> is going to result in healthcare rationing and communism and no more private enterprise and government is going to e playful and and kill the babies    and kick puppies!!!- gop response to obama's signing of healthcare
oh shit! 7 2 earthquake in california!
"hamid karzai, president of afghanistan, just threatened to join the taliban if people keep pushing hism for political remorm   i say an assasination is in order for this fucking clown "
"so, does anyone really think that the \legalize and tax cannabis\"" proposition on the california state ballot this year will actually pass?"""
"hello, my name a shadi   i like you, do you like me?"
you know what i hate?  hacing to work up the <propfemale> to continue working on a paper that you really don't want to do but you know that you have to finish 
the other day my economics teacher asked us to divide by zero    srsly
loves pandora radio!
there is a high statistical probability of death by gunshot   a punch in the face is also likely 
"ah, yes  \reapers \"""""
south park just made the most awesome reference to batman: the killing joke evar!
not even chegg will take my sociology text book!  why the hell did rowan sell it to me?!
"after having a conversation with <propmale> migliori i have determined that we had far too many shows with cats in them during the 80's and 90's  samurai pizza cats, swat kats, wild kats, thundercats, heathcliff, etc   we believe this is what led to the internet's obsession with cats "
now has skype if anyone wants to talk   lupos87
's phone isn't working right anymore   it won't make calls!
"to hell with the iphone, i want an android!"
home stretch!  2 more assignments before the end is here!
"apparently wolves and coyotes can interbreed and have viable offspring   i never knew this before, as the red wolf is supposed to be a hybrid grey wolf, coyote species   the more you know!"
"has the far more difficult argument to make in his moot court assignment   seriously, the nfl has 1 argument against american needle in its case; \we are a single entity in many cases \"""""
"done with the brief!  i wrote something interesting that places the case into the context of recent history and modern american society   we may not win tomorrow, but we will sure as hell have an interesting social context argument "
"sorry uncyclopedia, but <propmale> is still funnier   maybe you would be funny too if you stopped trying so hard "
"you know what, it feels good to be done with school for a few months "
really wants to go to a phillies game next month   anyone wanna come along?
is currently reading the rulebook for the new world of darkness 
"may be watching one of the greatest comebacks in nhl history, and easily the greatest in the flyer's history!"
"thought that it would be good to post this warning \warning: if your friend posted a video on\your wall entitled \candid camera prank\"" and telling you this:-\""this is\",8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf,oh shit!  arlan specter just got kicked out of the senate!  <propfirst> sestak won the democratic nomination for <propfemale>!
an awesome quote from an amazon reviwers negative screed against ullysses; sadly he has a point   \a brief glance through it is enough to confirm that it is  precisely the\,8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf,"go fuck yourself microsoft!  that's both my brother's and my own 360 breaking down within the course of one month!!!  we've only had the 2 for 5 months!!!  granted they were used, but still, 3 months!  that's the 3rd 360, and i'm done!  my ps2 has been around since 2002 and it still works, granted it's a little slow but still!  lick my balls, i wash my hands of you!"
"so, i guess this oil leak really is an environmental apocalypse   it's been what now, a month?"
wonders if he should stay with lotro or go back to wow 
"if you \like\"" this status i will post on your \",8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf,"thinks orcas are awesome, especially since they can hunt great whites!"
would love to learn falconeering!
"just got back from seeing splice   i don't know if it will be, but it by all counts should be the most talked about film of the year   such questions that should be discussed are how did the chief mechanism of the movie work, who's crazier of the two leads, and of course the ever popular is it cheating?  the last question was the most talked about during the movie "
is there really nothing that can be done with the gulf?
"learning about the intentional fallacy has convinced me that literary scholarship exists to preserve itself   if one divorces a text from the author and its intent, one destroys the meaning of the text in favor of an attempt to make oneself seem enlightened   this is how we end up with literary interpretations that say watership down is an allegory for homosexuality in mid 20th century british society   fail "
a nation cannot hope to balance their budget during an economic downturn   it just doesn't happen 
is ke$ha the only person ever to be autotuned off key!?
looks like i'm going to otakon 
"my beard got shaved, and i <propfemale> my head in shame     i look like i did when i graduated high school again "
"on the netflix <propfemale> for fullmetal alchemist the description calls the show \feel good \""  talk about your all time epic fails """
"fable iii looks like fable ii, but worse "
"if you have not seen it already, you need to see gasland!  if you have hbo, it's on demand!  please watch this movie, as it may be one of the most important films you see!"
"has a light and sound sauron toy in his aunt's basement, mint condition that is already worth $90 out of the box   we'll be saving that another 15 years at least, if not forever "
will be in baltimore for the next few days 
this quote regarding flat tax was just too awesome    \blindly pulling equally from the poor is only equal if you consider \,8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf,a quick question for everyone; what do you feel is the most overrated horror film of all time?  for me it was either friday the 13th (the entire series!) or the grudge (either version)   ringu is up there too 
"now for the inverse question; what is the most underrated horror film of all time?  mine are the original versions of the haunting and black christmas   both of these films were instrumental in creating the modern ghost story and slasher films, but they just get pushed to the back when compared to poltergest and halloween "
"just finished watching audition, and for the first time ever after watching a film he doesn't really know what to think   he can't even tell you if he liked it or not "
is the iraq war really over this time?
is intolerant of those who don't tolerate him 
"white people crying about \racism\"" against them makes me ashamed to be white """
hope you had a happy beckoning day!  here's a thought for anyone who attended the beck rally looking to reclaim the founder's (read: old white men's) vision of <propfemale>    \no society can make a perpetual constitution or even a perpetual law  \,8b2a70ac996b8a1698fa5957ee43eaaf,are we near the end of our civilization?  is a full collapse coming?
"just tried falafel for the first time, and it made him rethink vegetarian cooking forever!"
"sometimes,\ i just wanna copy someone else's status word for word just to see if \they notice "
can't wait for this october!  it's gonna be the best halloween ever this year!
just got a new phone!
working first day   got up at 730 after only 3 bours oc sleep   feel so professional 
is now wishing he graduated high school 10 years earlier   omg bring the 90's back!
"just when i was becoming depressed about what i was gonna do after graduation, in comes teach for <propfemale>   they hire right out of college and will give me an opportunity to get a few years of valuable e playful erience before heading on to grad school "
praxis ii was harder than he thought 
saturdays at landmark really aren't that busy 
rowan wireless network sucks!
"goodnight, and let's hope this heat ends soon "
started watching baccano and can't stop until he's finished 
last day of heat; awesome!
"a live band jusr played a backstreet boys song   god save me, please!"
"did you know that of the top 10 universities in the world, only 2 aren't american?  of the top 20, only 3 aren't   of those same top 20, only 1 isn't english speaking   number 20, university of tokyo "
so <propmale> giraldo is dead now?
"every\ single one of you are on my friendlist, as a result of a conscious \decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends,\ but also family  let's see who on myfriends list actually pays \attention  copy & paste this as yourstatus  i'll be watching to see \who really does <propfemale> family &      "
"the older i get, the faster time seems to move   what is a week now, anyway?"
playing clue with roommates 
<propmale> jobs must have hacked rowan's mainframe because the only working computers on campus are the macs 
"well, i guess i can't register to vote   the registration site refuses to let me download the freakin' pdf file i need to print and send to confirm my registration!"
all that worrying about my praxis 2 scores and i got a 191!  that's 9 points from the breaking point of the test!  i got almost every question right and have qualified for a certificate of excellence from ets!!!
"south park did the \jersey\"" craze and it was awesome!"""
some <propfirst> off just smashed my pumpkin!
what's your plan?  sit here and eat ketchup packs?!
little is better than a <propmale> python marathon on ifc!
13 days until halloween!
"now it's 11 days 'til halloween, and 4 days until bates motel!  9 days until dorney park's haunt!  it's gonna be 38 in allentown that night!"
"way to go texas!!!  good luck in the world series, even if by some miracle you're facing us!"
"paranormal activity 2 was infinitely better than the original   in every way!  face it fans of the original, that movie was boring as hell "
let's go phillays!
what the hell did sanchez just say to utley!?
can't believe that guy just feigned getting hit by oswalt   what a jackass!
stop swinging for the fences when you have a runner on 3rd!!!!!!!!!
kane kallas sings like pavarotti!
   
they've got one inning 
"not that i care about the giants' safety, but if they win they better fly out of the city from the field, because philly is a city that riots!"
"so    first things first, go texas   next, hockey season has started for me, go flyers   hope everyone has a happy halloween!  san <propfirst> better not stick around to celebrate for their own safety   hmm    hope bates is awesome tomorrow night, and dorney on friday   you just gotta think of the bright side   we're still one of the best teams in the nl, even if sf won a c l o s e  game tonight "
<propmale> is a very scary place!
watch the walking dead when it premieres on amc sunday night at 10pm!!!
omg long ass day!  if you ever get a <propmale> to go to dorney's halloween haunt; do!!!
"note to self; bigger is not always better for parties, especially if the house isn't big enough "
happy halloween!
"protip: you know you're getting older when you can actually sleep too long!  if you feel muscle ache after sleeping 8 hours, yet you felt fine when you're body woke you up after 5, you know you overslept!"
feels more confident about this midterm with each passing minute 
"so, with voting all said and done with let's ask a question   should anyone who wishes to vote be forced to take a test on how the us government works before they are allowed to vote?"
needs to buy himself gloves 
there's nothing sadder than a young pessimist; except perhaps an old optimist 
childrenwith special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour  it is special education week and this is inhonor of all children who learn a little differently  they should be treated equally to all children
"why yes, i did stay up late watching fullmetal alchemist on netflix "
what's your favorite genre of music?
"good for halladay, getting the cy young!!!"
7 classes next semester 
mcrib = unimpressive 
"new york is amazing to see, but i couldn't even imagine living in it "
"i missed the last bus i'll take the next train i tried but you see it's hard to e playful lain i say the right thing but act the wrong way i like it right here but i cannot stay i watch the tv forget what i'm told well i am too young and they are too old the joke is on you this place is a zoo you're right, it's true"
"i'm thankful for the people i love, and those who love me back   oh, and of course the 5 days off; i needed those, hehe "
i am so happy i don't work in sales today 
why are the storm troopers so god damn stupid?!
what's you're favorite type of tv show?
the current rating system places greater emphasis on sexuality than upon violence when it's considering how a film is going to be rated   is this right?  should violence be given more precedence?  should there even be an nc-17 rating?
"so yeah, pyt burgers in philly is offering for a limited time a burger which has two patties, american cheese, chocolate covered bacon, all packed between a krispy kreme donut   it's estimated to be 1100 calories, and will likely send the lucky eater into a heart attack, stroke, and diabetic shock simultaneously following eating it "
like this status or at midnight the ghost of a 12 year old girl who died by falling down a well many years ago will come and steal your soul!
has finally figured out his subject for his stalinism paper   the primary causes of anxiety for soviet peasants during the first 5 year plan 
<propfirst> assange is not a hero; he's a prick who may have just done immeasurable damage to us diplomatic relations in order to make himself look like a hero 
decided to join the trend 
good on obama for signing that free-trade deal with south korea!
"in our modern age wherein e playful loding elderly populations are causing massive strain on our social safety net system, should society retain any sort of government entitlement programs for those who are old enough to retire?"
"8 pages down, 9 more to go "
i only need 5 and a half more pages until i'm finished!
"wonders if he's the only one who finds it funny that, besides the lotr movies, all fantasy movies have goofy looking battle where two armies just run at each other and fight with not underlying tactical or strategic approach "
i'm gonna join the crowd and remind you that <propmale> <propfirst> signed with the phillies rather than the yankees!  woooooo!!!
"it's gonna snow, snow, snow right here in <propfemale>!  it will be white overnight oh yes it willllll!"
guess what new jersey?  no matter what path this snow storm takes we're getting buried on christmas!
"a in practicum, a- in tnla, b+ in di "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
"the older i've gotten, the more of a techie i've become at least as far as interests go "
"thank you facebook, for reminding me that rowan university is popular amongst my friends   hey, did you know i live in new jersey?"
"can't wait for the spring thaw, get this snow out of here!"
we didn't get our field placements yet! hahaha
12 more days til spring training season!
sony vaio desktop or imac?
"breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on , and crashed into , we all have problems , before coming to a complete stop at, get the hell over it  reporting live from quitchur bitchin'    whoot whoot!!!!love this post?repost it sucka!"
"so, with my degree change i can graduate next semester!  then i can have a semester off while i apply to grad school if i so choose to take it off, or i can just choose 4 easy classes to fill out the schedule for the following semester "
<propfirst> is an awesome movie!  i thoroughly recommend it!
townhouse 905 a next semester!
"my professor loves the direction of my seminar paper, i've lost nearly 20 pounds since i changed my habits, my spanish professor is helping me out, and the bloustein school for planning and public policy at rutger's university is offering me the opportunity to tour the school, meet the faculty, and sit in on a class!  life's honestly looking pretty great!"
"if your dad is or was a hard working man, is and always will be your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad, or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you can never replace your dad"
like if you eat meat on good friday
"entertain me   be creative\\let's see who truly reads my status annoyed \you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words      what would you say to me ? \\note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status       so i may comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along  (4 words is harder than you think"
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and yet never question their friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy and you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends; they will know who they are"
"having just got back from new brunswick safely, i can confidently say that i've gone from wanting a gps, to needing a gps "
"like my status & i'll tell you  annoyed 1  how we met \2  my first impression of you \3  what i like most about you \4  favorite memory with you \      5  but if you like this you must put it as your status"
"osama bin laden is finally dead, it took <propfemale> long enough   6 months from now there will be a book about the battle, a month from then it will be a nyt bestseller, 4 months from then it will be a blockbuster motion picture   that film will go on to win the 2013 academy award for best picture "
"he's dead   it's not a conspiracy, and he did 9 11   get over it, and get over yourselves "
just a half hour until <propmale> and colbert come on!  i can't wait to see what they're gonna say!
28 pages and 3 months later and i finally finish my senior seminar paper!  wooo!
"if you are a psn member, and haven't heard yet then you need to hear now   your information has been stolen by a recent hack!  deactivate any payment methods associated with your psn account, change all of your passwords, and alert the ftc as soon as you can!"
"thought of a fun game  i'm a huge fan of music of all kinds, so it seemed appropriate  if you like my status, i will list a song or songs that remind me of you  you have to re-post this, though!- stolen from <propfirst> o'kane "
i hate when someone hogs a machine at the gym!
a in senior seminar!  awesome!
"dude, fact or faked on scifi is an absolutely terrible show   people who don't possess a skeptical cynical disposition should not be performing investigations   say what you will about the ghost hunters, at least they'll assume \it's not a ghost\"" before starting """
"we must prepare, for tomorrow is the coming of gozer   gozer the traveler, he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms   during the rectification of the vudronail the traveler came as a large torb "
brb getting raptured!
"a request from any of my friends who specialize in math from a an who has not had college algebra in about 4 years   i'm currently working on quadratic equation questions for gre practice   the equation -21x squared - 31x-8=0 is givign me some trouble   i getting the wrong answer here with x= 14 42, x=48 42 when i should be getting -147 and -504   where am i going wrong?"
most people play games or watch tv in their free time   i try to teach myself calculus   i think i'm understanding limits 
"yo world of warcraft imma let ya finish, but i just want to say <propfemale> wars: the old republic is gonna be the best mmorpg of all time!"
"you know that thing that some people say about the spartans never having been beaten?  yeah, some people are historically illiterate   see: war against nabis"
stupid cancer    we all wish to have a new car     new phone    to lose weight    a person who has cancer only wants one thing     to fight their cancer   i know that 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall    but 3% of my friends will    put it on your wall in honor of someone who died from cancer or who's fighting against it 
xmen first class was freaking awesome!!!
"nj: we have freshwater & the ocean, farmlands & the mountains   we eat fresh crabs poured on newspapers   the \shore\"" and boardwalk in summer is mandatory    we have mischief night & 4 seasons   we eat pork roll (<propfirst> ham) & cheese on hard rolls any time of day   it's \""great adventure\"" not six flags!   \""what exit\"" is not a joke  and we still don't pump gas!! post if you were raised in new jersey and proud of it ?"""
initial reviews of green lantern are coming back negative   they're saying that the movie is incredibly shallow and stupid   not looking good   
is <propfemale> + batman the only entity which can make a good superhero movie anymore?!
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat lteetr be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"ocean city is nice, but i want to go to wildwood "
i've dropped 2 pants sizes since february 
"let's see who truly reads my status    you and i wake up in a police car together  using four words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on your post as well  4 words are harder then you think "
many thanks to those who remembered to wish me a happy birthday!!!  much luvs!
"i thoroughly suggest \why i am a buddhist: no-nonsense buddhism with red meat and whiskey\"" by <propfirst> asma to anyone who is even remotely interested in buddhism but is not sure where to start!!  it e playful lains what a layperson would need to know!"""
"not the perversities of others, not their sins of commission or omission, but his own misdeeds and negligences should a <propfemale> take notice of  -the dhammapada iv:50"
"let no man think lightly of evil, saying in his heart, it will not come nigh unto me   even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled; the fool becomes full of evil, even if he gather little by little  -the dhammapada ix: 121"
"not a bad ending, mr  potter   not bad at all "
"so apparently the debt ceiling crisis has caused a massive international slump in the markets   good job, congress   good job "
kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they only want what everyone wants      to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour? it is special education week & autism & adhd awareness
"let no man think lightly of evil, saying in his heart, it will not come nigh unto me  even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled; the fool becomes full of evil, even if he gather little by little  -the dhammapada ix: 121  (some people need to remember this )"
definitely wants to learn how to play piano 
<propmale> krueger is in the new mortal kombat dlc!?  i'm so freakin' there!!!
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons or don't believe in dragons  6% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this "
"hacker alert !!!!!!!!!!! there is a new way 2 hack your face book  a notification will be sent 2 you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> & tell you to re-enter your face book user name & password  caution !!! this <propfemale> looks just like face book login <propfemale>, so be on the lookout!!!! please re-post this to your status to let your fb family know!!! be aware friends"
"oh snap, earthquake in the mid-atlantic!  it must be 2012!  mwahahaha"
"to anyone who really knows their physics and can help me, i don't understand what the hell i'm doing wrong here and neither the book nor the program will e playful lain to me how to get the right answer   a sailboat sails with a constant speed of 3 5m s 37degrees north of west   how far north has the boat sailed in 29 minutes?  i immediately looked up sin and multiplied it by 3 5 to find y-axis velocity   i then first tried utilizing x v=t   i multiplied v and t and got the wrong answer, then divided t by v to get the wrong answer, again   i utilized displacement as a function of time and also got the wrong answer   the right answer was 3 7km   what am i doing wrong???"
my boss hired me as a timeclock worker instead of a time sheet worker   epic fails all around 
