0b5299a8be6ad745f8a194b8a3f3d07e
trying to figure all these new buttons out
"yay, i finally got a new phone"
one more midnight shift and then 2 days off
need new books
i suppose i should start checking this more often
where did the strange cough come from?
"i really hate sunburn, why can we invent all kinds of technological wonders, yet we have no sunburn-b-gone invented?"
"work work work, i need to go see <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world, and hopefully no more strange work drama that comes outta nowhere  only drama im asking for please"
finally off  one more night shift (hopefully not rainy) and then a day off
"roll the windows down, turn the radio up, and lets go"
"people create such drama on these social sites, is it really worth it? it will never make sense to me"
"really great when people just decide what your going to do after work, then when you don't want to go with their plan when your not comfortable with it, they want to guilt trip you  thanks a bunch"
"thank you at&t, for not listening to me  for wasteing my daytime minutes, and claiming its my fault when its clearly your technicians  and for telling me to call back in 3 hours  it will not be a nice conversation in 3 hours"
lets hope they can handle the girls till i get back
why do they giggle about everything?
why sea turtles? it doesn't make sense but its funny
the way the clouds are moving fast in front of the <propfemale> looks just like a horror movie
"sometimes family makes it really hard to like them, or deal with them"
"hyper + no <propfirst> = horribleness  im not even sure thats a word, but it is now  my phone has been quiet for to long, don't you love me friends? a friend (me) in need is a friend(me again) indeed right? you know im not even totally sure what that means"
stupid theatres never have what you want
"copy\this to your status and see what people rate you! (1)ghetto  (2)wish \we went out    (3)talkative  (4)sarcastic  (5)lovable  (6)crazy  (7)i \want you  ( smile spoiled  (9)great person to be around  (10)wild  (11)funny  (12)beautiful  (13)mature  (14)ugly  (15)i'd take you home  wink  (16)wish i had your number  (17)weird  (1 smile  honest "
"what to make of it all? im not to sure, just hopeing it all turns out for the better in the end because im tired of this rut"
why does it seem like half the people out here can't change a tire?
today is definetly not going as planned
some people just don't understand plain english  maybe i should speak ebonics? spelled right? who cares  maybe ill try using card board signs? maybe im just not using enough text lingo?
"well im pretty sure of how to do my job, still really no training besides ims  and im already having to train someone? gotta love the walmart way"
"im sorry but im not wearing a pink shirt, can everyone please stop asking me?"
soooo haunted house maybe tomorrow night? if everything works out and god willing this time
"well had fun at the haunted house, still kinda bummed we couldn't get together more people  i think <propfemale> got less scared than my friend tho  all in all it was a good night but in a bummed mood"
"just love getting in trouble for actually working, sometimes this place really knows how to push it and then they wanna know why everyone thinks about leaving"
just hanging out in mesquite at the primacare clinic
i don't like riding with people that can't drive in a straight line  scares me to death when they are all over the road
to much to think about
can't wait for the 2 days off  gotta figure out what to do about everything and i wanna go do something
"im thankful for my friends and family that put up with me and accept my strengths and faults im thankful they put up with my attitudes, my stubborness, my moods, my opinions that are usually really extreme  im thankful they know im there if they need an ear, a helping hand, a shoulder, an extra head, or any other body part  and im thankful for everytime they were their for me"
hard enough to save up money and now i make more but less hours? and smaller check  how wonderful
"had fun, now im all hyped up and still want to do something  feel like doing something or just driving"
tired of the way this store is run
"well went to the viewing, funerals tomorrow"
"well the day is said and done, means time for food and a walk  what sounds good for dinner? because all im drawing is blanks"
"true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, what name brand you wear, if your house is a mess where you live, about your past, or if your family is filled with craziness  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking bu     never question the friendship  re-pos this if you have at least one true friend, they will know who they a"
jamming out to music while cleaning is the only way to clean
"well late night drive around <propfirst>, and now ive been to poetry, texas  if yoy can call that a town"
life gets better right? just love people hinting that i did something that i didn't
whats something you want to do before you die? that thing that would make you feel like you fulfilled some divine purpose? i want to change as many lives as i can  and write a book  be someone that can do something no matter what
really?? are they asleep? tuckered out and tucked in? they have off switches?
32 hours and no sleep and 4 more hours of work  i can do it! as long as i stay outta the pillow aisle  i wanna go home and play with my camera
"you haven't been there so you don't get it and no you don't \understand\"" so why even say it?"""
"driving myself crazy, thought i had this figured out already"
"i think im going to write the definition of \mine\"" on the fridge in permanent marker and see if that doesn't get people to stop eating or drinking my stuff"""
"just not into any of it today, just off"
hate people that say they are your friends but aren't
words could not describe
"yea that makes sense, i mean she does nothing anyway so instead or making her do something    they instead try to make my friends do the chores, and they wonder why i hate being at home with them"
at&t was so nice as to suspend my phone today  i told them over the phone the other day that payday was thursday and i would pay in full  so they leave a msg saying i didn't pay by tuesday like i said and my phone is suspended   oh joy  at least tomorrow is payday and should get it turned back on  only funny part today was my cell phone <propmale> is literally 666 668   am i the only one seeing the evil number?
so if my head e playful lodes from this headache does my insurance cover it?
christmas in january  smile 
i wanna rule the world
i know how a brain freeze happens and yet it still happens to me no matter what i do to stop it  i think icecream is secretly evil
"had a blast today, alot of fun  almost walked off a huge step tho"
"trying hard at customer service, i think they stuck a sign on me that says \ask me all the hard questions\"" tho"""
"feeling old, only 10:40 and falling asleep"
