21c8e5af15aba1f4b7fda428c305ee59
why does it seem all my friends who aren't from la get lost in the worst parts of la when they drive through la? srsly ppl it's not that hard 
"on my way home, i saw a bumper sticker on a car that read \teachers build our future \"" i want to show the owner of that car my much cooler license plate cover \""teachers do it in class \"""""
"in the past 24 hrs, i've watched up, speed racer, and avatar  safe to say i've had a \mild\"" visual sensory overload this weekend """
marge: let's get some beer in you and then it's straight to bed  homer: beer beer beer bed bed bed!!! story of my night  love 
goin' on a cruise  be back friday  it'll be nice to be free of the internet for a little bit  so long losers!!!
nothing like a 3-day weekend to get some rest  i sure did need it after that cruise  playful 
"damn you, <propfirst> bauer, i wish i knew how to quit you "
"i can cook, and cook well  awesome "
"so    is doppelganger week this week or was it last week? not that i care, i don't look like anyone famous, but if you're going to give it a name with the word 'week' then it better be for just one week  one sunday-sunday cycle (or monday-monday if you prefer) because anything else is fucking retarded  let's get it together, people!"
can't wait for the hurt locker to put the kibosh on avatar at the oscars this year 
who dat
stupid holiday  love doesn't need a day of recognition 
was anyone else just watching olympic hockey usa v  canada? that was the most intense sporting event i've watched in a long time 
the noose incident made cnn front <propfemale>  just lovely  so glad i graduated 
"bring it, canada! u-s-a! u-s-a!"
watch for me on the red carpet folks    and be jealous 
"apple com sent me an email asking me to pre-order reserve an ipad for its release date on april 3rd  hmmm    spend $500+ dollars on an ipad or anything 1000x more useful? decisions, decisions   "
"they say that on st  <propfirst>'s day, everyone is a little bit <propfemale>  i say bullshit, you're an alcoholic looking for an excuse to drink, which is cool, but please get your own heritage we can drink to  happy st  paddy's day, lads!"
averted two crises tonight  i feel goooooood 
"fry: i'm not prejudiced! bender: save it for the cross-burning, adolf!"
"easter? screw easter, baseball season starts today!"
"another season, a fresh slate, and renewed cautious optimism  baseball is back, baby  go dodgers!"
sooo    the dodgers are visiting san <propmale> the weekend after my birthday? my birthday party just planned itself!
"it's payday, woohoo!"
i never want to act my age  what's my age again? what's my age again?
zomg google turned it's homepage into a working pacman game!
"if the lakers and celtics both advance to the nba finals this year (which at this point seems likely) then they could be playing each other in the finals at the same time the dodgers travel to boston to play the red sox for interleague play in june  as a native angelino and sports fan, let me prepare by casting the first stone: you suck, boston  you suck balls "
lakeshow
"i'm glad that school is over  not because i graduated (i did that last year), but because now there is less traffic and more street parking around my place "
"the northridge quake has ruined me for life  was 3 <propmale> from the center of that one (mag 6 7), and now i don't even flinch at a 5 9 "
it's been five years since graduating from reseda high school 
"i'm watching it, i can't unwatch it! futurama returns!"
forgot his phone at home  this will be an interesting day   
i'm glad i am moving during the month i get three paychecks 
"i may not be a gm for any of the four <propmale> american sports teams, but one thing i do know is that you can't e playful ect a top-heavy team to be a championship contender  i predict a 2nd round playoff exit (3rd round if they're lucky) for the miami heat next season  1000 good reasons for lebron to choose elsewhere and he ignores them all  shameful "
no rest for the weary   
what has two thumbs and is bringing home a dog on tuesday? this guy
"this week is the reason why i never bitched or worried about finals in college    because not only do they not mean much in the long run, but you can have a much worse week than finding out you got a couple of less-than-stellar grades on some tests "
omg internet  finally have it at the new place  that was a scary couple of days   
august > july
is it 10 days from now yet?
"this weekend i reassembled my foosball table, rearranged living room furniture, replaced ceiling lights, fixed the broken deadbolt on my door (twice), fixed the jammed garbage disposal, and replaced a tail light and windshield wipers on my car, all the while suffering through an erratic sleep schedule due to a cold and a dog with diarrhea "
warning: mundane status update - i had a pretty darn good weekend 
"<sarcasm>thank you, facebook, for logging every minor detail i changed on my profile this morning, and telling the masses  you rock  your pal, <propfirst>  < sarcasm>"
"facebook is now being used more than google    google  it's strange to think that when i first got a facebook account, there were no apps or chat, no status updates or news feed  you couldn't post *any* pictures other than your profile, anything on the wall could be changed by anyone anonymously, and you needed a valid college email to sign up  also, the word \the\"" was still in the web address  just    interesting """
"wait, so it was 108 degrees on monday, and today there is thunder, lightning, and rain? wtf san <propmale>?"
"so <propmale> may not have the reputation today he once did, but he did get me the day off work  so thank you, <propmale>, for giving me a 3-day weekend "
i am obsessed with pumpkin flavored foods   
it is international caps lock day i am so excited can't you tell
"a polar bear just pooped in its pool right in front of a crowd of people, me included  now that's what i call a successful zoo trip "
i'm still seeing t-mobile commercials that bash at&t even though at&t is about to acquire t-mobile lolz verizon ftw
yey baseball  smile 
"google = win on april fool's  type \comic sans\"" into google and e playful erience the horror """
"any day is a good day when you can blast \twist and shout\"" from your car speakers """
happy that my new ca driver's license finally arrived with a spiffy new photo (as opposed to that awful one taken when i was 15 that i had to <propfemale> around for the last 8 years)
"a big thank you to all who helped make my facebook <propfemale>, gmail inbox, and cell phone e playful lode yesterday, and to those who managed to wish me a happy birthday in person as well  you all have literally made my life (in a good way, i promise)"
stuck at home since my car decided to not want to start this morning   
i just got rick-rolled by my tv    
watching jeopardy kids week makes me feel really fucking smart 
zipper swam for the first time today  smile 
arbitrarily deciding what to post in google+ and what to post in facebook  you'll just have to read both! muahahaha     -_-
<propmale> props to netflix for adding all episodes of <propfemale> trek: the original series and the next generation to its streaming service 
"raided <propfirst> for apples, pears, pies, cider, fudge, and more with <propfemale> as part of our anniversary celebration"
i won my first official apa match tonight!  smile 
"just when i needed a pick-me-up, \i just can't wait to be <propmale>\"" comes on my ipod on my way to work  the lion <propmale> ftw """
"the power may be out across the county, but at least i can still update my facebook status "
une playful ected bonus of the blackout: being able to stargaze in the middle of a big city
"watching the lion <propmale> in theaters, but not in 3d  fuck that business "
"i broked my phone, so if for some reason anyone needs to get in touch with me, i would suggest not calling or sending me a text"
"got a new phone and lost my contacts (but kept the same number), please text me your number with your name to help me retrieve them "
