fde3dd2cff632f2a111082b86e269c53
"i just went and saw the fourth kind    a little scary but mostly weird  i will never live in alaska, or look at owls the same way again!"
i have nothing to do    
had fun at the kaysville light parade last night : d
"i am a christian and not ashamed to say it!! let's see how many people on fb aren't afraid to show their love for god and accept jesus as our savior! repost this as your status  each time you see this on someones status, say a quick prayer for that person!! let's get god back in this country like he should be!!! if you    agree post this in your status update  just copy and paste "
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
"<propfemale>º°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸christmas¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤<propfemale>º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„christmas¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°    copy and paste and keep the wave going! <propfemale> christmas"
i dont have a phone anymore     sad 
gflaminglaaa
"i hate the snow, it just ruined spring break      sad "
"spring break is over and i have to say im glad  it was ok but now im refreshed, motivated, and ready to get back to work   "
"facebook sucks > sad  the chat thing is all messed up and it wont let me im anyone, anyone else have the same problem?"
i love rain   
"~i feel it deep within, its just beneath the skin, i must confess i feel like a monster!~"
   school sucks  sad 
"    sometimes enough just isnt enough, no matter how you have progressed people focus on your faults"
"sometimes mistakes happen, they cant always be prevented  when they are made people should calm down and talk with each other to see what happened, not yell at you like youre trash "
nuames prom tomorrow! its going to be amazing!   maybe  sad 
"i got a feeling that tonight’s gonna be a good night,that tonight’s gonna be a good night,that tonight’s gonna be a good good night     laugh "
prom was the amazing! i almost cant wait for next year  laugh 
"one thing ive learned this year is that no matter what happens there is always hope, my hope has not failed me thusfar so hope dont fail be now!"
"anatidaephobia\ is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you "
"all that has been devastated can be recreated, realize we pick up the broken pieces of our lives giving ourselves to each other ourselves to each other to rest our head on   (creed- whos got my back?)"
"breathing the air in mumbai, <propfemale> for just one day, is equivalent to smoking 2 5 packs of cigarettes "
"'i never thought id doubt you, im better off without you more than you know  '"
"  2 days of school left, im almost going to miss it  hey! i said almost!"
"  now that i actually have time, what to do?    annoyed "
you really shouldnt let your mind wander- its far too small to be let out on its own   smile 
"\cowardice asks the question \""is it safe?\"" \",fde3dd2cff632f2a111082b86e269c53,"reaching for something in the distance, so close you can almost taste it   "
saturday im off to cali  smile 
\you're gonna be a shining <propfemale> with fancy clothes and fancy car-ars    \,fde3dd2cff632f2a111082b86e269c53,   idk what to say becides why?
california here i come  laugh !
"we're leaving anaheim tomorrow morning and making our way to san <propmale>, uggh not another drive  sad  (100 <propmale>)"
"went to the beach today, got a little sunburnt but still had fun  laugh  (mission beach) -staying at the comfort inn in san <propmale>"
\you're gonna be a shining <propfemale> with fancy \,fde3dd2cff632f2a111082b86e269c53,"its about 2:45 right now and i just got back from vacation   its time for bed now, ill facebook later lol, goodnight everyone "
does the drama ever end?  annoyed  i know i could be doing much better things with my time than this so lets get it over with people 
"i love cali but its nice to be back  smile  \its time to go do something fun with everyone  laugh "
"<propfirst>, <propfemale> , and melodie: wtf is wrong with you? do you guys really need to talk shit on people to make yourselves feel better? i think its pathetic and unnecessary not to mention rude  i mean seriously, how low are you for making fun of elorah?"
sigh   today is going to be a long boring day
im off to mariahs birthday celebration! happy birthday <propfemale>!!
"life is divine chaos, embrace it "
"sigh    i need a job, wont anywhere hire me?"
"the long awaited vacation pics are finally up, sorry if youve been waiting for them "
"i just had one of those \what the hell am i doing\"" moments """
uggh driving test on thursday    i hope im ready  annoyed 
i passed my driving test!!!  laugh 
"well im off to go camping, i wont be back until after the 24th   smile "
"just got back from camping, it was fun but im glad to be home  let the unpacking begin "
\some artists want your money so they can buy range rovers and <propfemale> \,fde3dd2cff632f2a111082b86e269c53,thank you to all my amazing family and friends who have mad this day simply the best  laugh 
"\sweet dreams are made of this  who am i to disagree? travel the world and the seven seas  everybody's looking for something \"""""
don't be scared  i've done this before  show me ya teeth 
ive come to realize that sometimes by trying to fix problems i just make them 10x worse    from now on i'm going to give things a little more time before jumping on them and trying to fix them 
"im more than a bird, im more than a plane, im more than some pretty face beside a train, its not easy to be me "
take a <propmale> and dont ever look back  
sigh    with each passing day school just becomes even more tiring  annoyed 
"is \wonderful cuz i am\"""""
"sigh    life, what can i say?"
the world better prepare for when i'm a $$$billionaire$$$
its funny how sometimes the universe just falls into place and everything is perfect 
potential job at a haunted house corn-maze  i might be just the zombie they're looking for 
got the job  smile  im a pop-out substitute zombie!
i thought the world was peaceful but now i come to find out if was only the calm before the storm  sad 
if you feel like leaving i'm not gonna beg you to stay  sad 
"seriously? i never meant to piss anyone off, i'm just voicing my opinion and defending my friend  if im wrong for doing this then so be it "
this is creepy    with the push of a button facebook knows my exact locaton 
is now a clown
"sigh    i couldnt go to the stomp even if i wanted to, stupid work "
i dont know why but it seems that the best pictures of me are taken in black and white 
sometimes all we can do is regret    though unfortunately there is no changing the past  we all have our regrets    just some of us regret more than others 
"feels as if he has lost one of the most important people in his life   \ sad  you used to worry about me leaving you and i told you i never would  i\ kept my promise, i just wish that you would have warned me \before you left me  you held me up while i rebuilt myself, and now that \you're gone i begin to crumble again, and this time i wont bother trying\ to rebuild  "
   seriously?
i voted in the 2010 american music awards! vote for your favorite artists at http annoyed  soc li 6d6tsan watch the #ama2010 on abc sun nov 21 8 7c
god wisely designed the human body so that we can neither <propfirst> our own backs nor kick ourselves too easily
sigh    last day of work at nightmare acres  i must say    i already miss it 
wow    for once in a long long time i actually feel motivated this quarter 
why is it that no matter what decision i make i feel like i made the wrong choice and im filled with regret? i wish i could just undo a few things that ive said    i changed my mind 
happy thanksgiving everyone
new phone  smile 
"lets face it    no matter how much you tell yourself that you're over someone, your heart knows the truth  you just cant lie to yourself  sad "
im bored out of my mind    lets see what entertainment facebook might have to offer 
no apagues la <propfemale>
anyone want to play the number game? send a number to my inbox and i'll set my status to what i think of you  smile 
"3- i don't know you very well but from what i've seen you are nice, and a good friend  i would like to get to know you better, you seem like you would make a   "
163291925312- you're a really fun person to be around  smile  it would be fun to hangout again sometime 
"259772- we used to be best friends a few years ago, and we probably still would be if i hadn't moved away  i wish we hadn't lost touch  haha, i can still remember the fun we had in mr  <propfirst>'s spanish class "
"2313- you're quite possibly one of my favorite aunties  i've always looked up to you, but i don't get to see you as much as i would like anymore  love ya miees"
"123- you are a really good friend and probably one of the best people that ive ever met  i miss you, we need to hangout sometime  smile "
17- we haven't been friends for long but you have already proven yourself as a good friend and someone who is fun to be around  we need to hangout again sometime soon  smile 
"5- you are an amazingly fun person to be arround, and i trust you with almost anything  i love you to death  laugh "
"77- you seem like a really fun person to be friends with, but now that i think about it we really dont know each other all that well  we will have to fix that and hangout sometime   smile "
10- i dont really know what to say for this one  you can be cool at times but then again at others i cant stand you  weve had some fun times acting like retards 
ahh the christmas season  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night   smile 
   snow? o o seriously? couldn't it have came a day or two earlier?
" smile     wait a minute, happy face? whats wrong with me?!? d:"
chemistry: vinegar titration lab  a failure for us all 
   well this is interesting  annoyed 
"\it's impossible \"" said pride  \""it's risky \"" said e playful erience  \""it's pointless \"" said reason  \""give it a try \"" whispered the heart """
"yeah, ill live in alaska    just as long as we don't have to live by <propfemale> palin  lol"
"haha, scew you new zodiac  im a <propfirst> and thats the way its staying "
seriously?
i love you <propfemale> mix even if you might be midget sized because you beat your leg until it fell off and now have nothing left to walk on but stubs  lol  love 
"ok, so when mr  rudes gets back i'm probably going to kill him "
when i move out i'm going to just get a trailer and live in the nearest walmart parking lot 
   my status hasn't been updated in over 2 weeks! o o just had to fix that  i guess i'm overcoming my facebook addiction 
fearing you will lose your power leaves you powerless  but you are powerful  use your power without questioning it 
