c252e7f6a683839955a52adcb5c83674
knows that <propfemale> did it!
is hoping for some decent weather this weekend    
"says \three cheers to 6 amazing years!\"""""
is still drying off from a very wet camping trip   
ugh    
just got home from a great day at splish splash
is glad cailyn finally fell asleep   
is crazy tired   
is not quite ready for softball   
enjoyed the jersey shore this weekend   
happy birthday to my beautiful wife!
needs more sleep 
two days till disney!!
just flew in from <propmale> and boy are my arms tired   
is ready to catch a foul ball tomorrow in pittsburgh!
singing me and pujols down at the westin   
is excited about his (kinda) new car!!!!
in sanchez we trust    
is lovin the new ride!
is enjoying the day off  just me and my kiddies!!
same ol jets    
looking forward to taking the kids out trick or treating   happy halloween everybody!
another monday   sigh 
happy turkey day!
"spending the day with my girls, while my boy enjoys some time with <propfemale> (and <propfirst>)    "
is happy to have working internet again!
bring on the blizzard     
t-minus 12 hours until the start of such much needed time off!!!!
is doing the <propfemale> thing    
enjoying a nice xmas morning with two very happy kiddies   thank you <propfemale>!!
is prepping for his little girl's 1st birthday party!
"wants to wish everyone a happy, healthy 2011, and hopes he can join the healthy ranks soon!"
's body is still recovering from the jet's game   
thanks the jetties for coming through today!
"on the weekend to do list- win another wca, spend time with the fam , watch the jetties win, crawl for the king  sounds good to me!"
is looking forward to a monday afternoon nap 
is having a nice quiet night with the kids 
is going to have to resort to using toothpicks to keep his eyes open today   
hates seeing his little girl sick    
"so close, yet so  far away   "
this is my kind of weekend!
"has visions of lounging on the recliner, feet up and enjoying some quiet time   "
yeah comedy wednesday!
"no snow, no snow     "
loves superbowl sunday!
snow day with the kids   
will be watching the opening ceremonies tonight 
is donning his chef's hat to make a nice home-cooked <propfirst>'s day meal for his beautiful wife and awesome kids!
is tired from (and of) being sick   hopefully this weekend will bring some mch needed rest and recovery 
2 nyc public school snow days in 2 weeks? that's more than i had in my entire school career!
hopes the visit to the doc will finally get me healthy!
is starting to feel better    finally!
so much for a #1 seed    
happy st <propfemale>'s day!
would rather be drinking a guinness   
gives 2 thuumbs up to street meat!
and two thumbs down to spelling    
yanks sox   what a great way to start baseball seaon!
"welcomes two new members to the donnelly family, <propfemale>, a blue parakeet, and cutie, a green parakeet!"
"an audible has been called on the bird names   so say hello to jeter and <propfirst>, the donnelly pet parakeets!"
and the softball season begins!
is santonio holmes the answer?
is this day over yet?
is this day over yet part 2    its like groundhog day over here    
rainout  sad 
half day     hooray!!!!!
gotta love <propfemale> and 80!
realized this morning why people have those insanely oversized umbrella (as i sit at work soaked to the bone cause my standard size umbrella was useless) 
hates allergies   
back in the grind 
"welcomes his new niece, <propfemale> grace copp, born today "
cuse for the weekend     
thanks everyone for their birthday wishes!
"is gonna see the yanks tonight (at least what's left of them, they're dropping like flies   )"
<propfemale> jam tonight!!
is pleasantly surprised by the new stp album 
let the countdown to a long weekend begin!
yanks tonight!
"<propfirst> <propmale>, the next nets coach?"
is it the weekend yet?
goin to yanks-mets!!!
summertime!!
blah               
this is not the way i was hoping my work week would beign     
bye bye <propfemale>    
countdown to an awesomely busy july 4th weekend has begun!
camping!
"hopes his wife enjoys a nice adult weekend with friends and family up in syracuse, and looking forward to having some good daddy time with ry and cai while she's away    "
about to start an une playful ected extra day with the kids    
ugh ugh ugh
is glad we had some shade at the yankee game today   man is it hot out     
happy 29th birthday to my wonderful wife!
"hello friday, good to see you!!"
back to work after a wonderful weekend with my family!
two more days of work until vacation week!!
alomst time      
"<propfemale> beach, here we come!"
return to revis island!!!!
welcomes the newest member of the donnelly clan   our new puppy revis!!!
"looking foward to some jets tonight, now just have to get through the day     "
here's to new beginnings   
is looking forward to some large pad tonight!!!
melo to the nets??!? that would be something   
is trudging through training in texas    only a day and a half left!
all hail <propmale> stavship
countdown to three day weekend       
now that's a comeback!!!!!
"yanks tonight, jamming tommorrow and watching football on sunday  not a bad to do list!"
1-0 is a much better start than 0-18!!
nets game tonight with my son!
yeah day off tomorrow!
"my little boy is 7 today!!! man, does time fly    "
a c tomorrow!!
here's to the start a short work week!
"looking forward to a day of family, food, football, and fun  happy thanksgiving everyone!"
ugh   monday blows!
is hoping to avoid the stomach virus that's hit up the rest of the family one by one     
"says \it ain't hardcore unless it's hexicore    megagigabytes son!\"""""
"extends condolences to mets fans everywhere    halladay, <propfirst>, hamels and oswalt?   oh my     "
is looking forward to a quiet night with the kids!
it's beginning to feel a lot like x-mas!
is it xmas yet?
sick  sad 
is hoping my tummy has improved enough that i can enjoy some x-mas <propfemale> <propfirst>'s shanghai tonight    
"enjoying a successful, though early, christmas morning!"
"can celebrate a great jets victory, at least for a week    "
islanders game tonight with the family!
jets baby!!!
nets
no melo for the nets    
nets
needs to catch up on sleep tonight!!
thanks to all who braved the cold and came out to see the rogues on saturday night!!!
prepping for the big game!
a quiet night before a jam-packed saturday!
d-will's net debut tonight!!!
tired    
go cuse!
draft day!
happy st  <propfemale>'s!
had a great time with the family at the nets game last night  and cailyn got us on the jumbotron for the second time this year!!!
http annoyed  vimeo com 21335122
