c5d166122f40c48d521529ac7007ea01
prefade-ed and gonna make the last of 2009 worth it!! out the city!
"yeah, it's 2010, i'm already 21, we're supposed to die in 2 years and the news says that california is due for a huge earthquake        what's there to look forward to??!!"
goin to sactown today!
its so hot     and boring 
is finally gettin a car  smile 
mmbop
:[ lost my voice     and my phone  ughfuck 
so my assignment for my english class is to write about my position on legalizing marijuana               hmmmm i vote    yes
i want my mom :[
"watching cruel intentions, looking on craigslist for furniture and kickin it with <propfemale>"
me and <propfemale> have an appointment at 330 tomorrow to sign the lease! how exciting  we're going to officially have our own place! house warming party soooooon!
"i dont understand how to play farmville     oh, and i'm stoned "
lamp shopping tonight
leavin for texas in 2 days!  smile 
home sweet home 
it's a white christmas after all  smile  its snowing in texas!
"all the crazy shit i did tonite, those will be the best memories  love "
hey sf   its been a while   
"got my 3 most important cards with me   id,debit card   and health insurance   be safe everybody!"
maybe i'm too picky?
here i come when i better go   
first friday nite off in 6 months!! its about time
makin pizza from scratch with <propmale> and <propmale>  smile 
i did something horrible today 
i know what you're thinking!
3day weekend comin up  smile 
"the city tonighttttt, happy bday cuz!!"
"broke my phone and just got a new one,text me <propfirst> please!!!"
happy hour in the city
"a banana hammock, a <propfemale> peach, and some cool music would be awesome right now"
rough nite
uggghhh 
lets get together and feel alright
uuugghhh work i knew i was going to regret it 
ridiculous 
today is gonna be a good day i can feel it     <propfemale> <propfirst> here we come!
"hanging out in the city today,yeuh"
marie:whats better than hip hop?        carlos annoyed ex 
relax  take your time 
my bday in la in exactly one month!
i love my mom  smile 
a day in the cityy yay  smile 
"was off yesterday, and off the next two days!! no paparazzi the next couple of days please, gonna do some damage to sf "
tipsy tuesday!
"off work, goin home to ''ease my mind'' and fold laundry while watching a stupid movie  smile "
i just wanna dance!!
doing something bad tonight   something i havent done in a looonng time  wink  i gotta feeling     
san francisco happy hour grapes 
i hate allergies!!!!!!
"im sick,broke and gave myself a blackeye(just the corner)anndd i work all weekend  fml"
i've discovered my new disneyland     ikea  smile 
"i'll go in your room, but you have to seduce me "
"one of the scariest moments of my adult life,lastnite "
why does it feel like somebody's watching meee!
"im in california,i e playful ect sidewalks!!!"
"i meant to just take a nap    14 hrs later, i am now awake "
giants game!!!!
we'll be waiting on the outside justiin!!
recovering from lastnite wake n bake!!
bar hopping in dt <propfemale>
time to get sloppy!
in the city for my birthday! for two days!
bitches be crazy!!
best birthday week everrr exhausted  thanks for all the bday wishes!!  love 
setting aside the day for myself rejuvination 
"just did some <propmale> cleaning,now time for lunch then more cleaning!then workout,then playtime  laugh "
why did i pick up a shift for today?we get paid 3 times this month 
woke up too late! got shit to do damn it 
so effing tired  i hope tonight goes by fast 
omg  those stupid bats wont let me sleep!!
"joy comes not from perfection,but from seeing beyond imperfection  "
i love my weekly three day weeekends 
thinking of you  wink 
yes  it's payday!
"workout,lunch with roomie, then work"
"so all of a sudden,i get sick  sad "
i don't want to get old!  sad 
so 
i'm only goin to break your heart  
late nite workout
can't wait for pride!!! 3 days 
it's here!!
"so,two people were shot at pride  sucks,ruined the nite! and im sorry for those of who lost their lives tonight  it was chaos "
crazy weekens!!! i love pride  and i love the people i was with! unforgetable 
goin to texas for a week to see the fam  phone wont be working  sad  i will miss california and all that comes with it 
back
some people post stupid shit 
"i love the beginning of \brass monkey\"" by the beastie boys """
"and now \such great heights\"" by the postal service"""
and buffalo soldier    okay i'll stop now 
"i hate that when this job pisses me off,im still pissed off when i get out of there!!"
is going camping!!
got back from camping today and came home to my cousin being my new roomie and a brand new laptop!!
i recycle!
come here three day weekend!!
"if you fall for me,im not easy to please   "
la vics!
"i enjoy people watching,i also enjoy watching people who are people watching "
"i should stop using fowl language,damn it "
just got home from work  long nite  sad 
what if    
why can't people be more like me?
"alright,people  dont talk to me when im on break!"
impress me 
just got up and out of bed 
im huunnggrryy
@ smoke this hookah lounge with muh girls  love 
now @ britannia arms on almaden
something exciting happen please   
"tryin to get things together for school, sooo much work, especially if you dont remember all your passwords and id's  "
had a great karaoke nite with some cheesecakers  love 
please get out of my life!
im just laying in bed    and im sweating  i cant sleep in this weather!!
so ready for tomorrow nite!  love 
in the city  love 
countin down the days   
so much frustration and irritation over the past 6 months and now a new medical <propmale> for $1135 07  i hate my life right now  just waiting for the big day   
smile like you mean it
rudys tonite!
"got a new way to shoo the flies away   \im spoken for\"" -thanks <propfemale>!"""
"finally! my day off has arrived    gonna <propfemale> out with the cousins and you know when we're together,we're up to no good  smile "
ready to make some money 
home  time to relax 
okay  tomorrow i have the day off and i will be productive   
whats on my mind drugs that is what is beeeezzyyyyy facebook
school thennnn the city tonite!
just waiting   
"sick, so im missing school which i hate cause i miss so much information!!"
 love  <propfemale> perez and <propfirst> quintanilla your modern day chic hippies  love 
sfbound  love 
"work today,wish i could go to the castro street fair  sad "
looking up dinner recipes for tonite  gonna clean and maaaaybe do some laundry  oh and homework 
school all day  then a nap 
"i confuse myself  i love being single, but i dont want to be alone wtf?"
<propmale> and busters tonite!
<propfirst> quintanilla dinner was a success! was not e playful ecting to feed 10 people  the more the merrier!
i've been living in california on my own for a little over three years now    crazy  time flies when you're having fun!  love 
"money may not buy happiness, but it pays for everything else       well maybe some happiness"
i have a slight insomnia problem  cant fall asleep till after 2 am at the earliest   lastnite didnt fall asleep till 330 and now i slept in and missed my alarm for school this morning  shit 
giants or rangers     idk who to cheer for!!!
its all about confidence   
i give up!!!! you win <propfirst>!!!
yo quiero <propfemale> porro!
spookfest was amaaaazing  too worn out to go out tonite   love 
uggghhhh  i hate my polysci class  i dont get this shit 
craziness
<propfirst> is awesome
<propfirst> trevino is so much smarter and cooler then me
"i find it hilarious that ive done this multiple times- looking for my phone to check the time and getting really frustrated that i cant find it, when im talking on it "
this abnormal psychology class makes me think theres a lot of things wrong with me   
"swear to god,we've been at this light for 20 <propfemale> with with a redlight then 2 trains and another redlight "
i need money  real bad 
 smile  its all good    except for work  when is the serious money coming in!?
aaaahhhh it sooo early and yet    im ti[syyy
we're gonna rock down to electric avenue!
"i know it's easy to imagine but it's easier to just do\see, if you can't do what you imagine, then what is imagination to you?\just a waste of space in your brain, to take the place of hate, or things all the same\tell me your secrets, the things that make you tick\i like when you talk because your voice is angel-ess, ay  smile "
raspberry vodka and pomegranite lemonade  love 
this whole number shit is retarded
i'm thinking about what age i should start lying about my age  
ah shiieettt    i gotta feeling  
"saw a church with a sign above their name\google cant satisfy every search \"" lol"""
"i think i can, i think i can, i think i can   "
i munch carpet
at oakridge mall 
packing for texas  smile  i always get such anxiety before i go 
2 days till i go back to the west coast!
a 4 hour and 40 minute plane from <propmale> to sfo    
i think its past my bedtime   
watching mars attacks!
fuckin irritated!
alright  gotta get this shit together!
"<propfirst> quintanilla - \do you want to watch some funny shit?\""\",c5d166122f40c4 laugh 521529ac7007ea01,"i'm the kind of person that if you piss me off       dont talk to me  i'll get over it, just leave me alone for a while    "
i always see things move out of the corner of my eye    or hear my name    ghosts??
haven't had a cold like this is some time  sad  forgot what it felt like to be sick 
mmmm white mocha  love  thank you <propfirst> quintanilla for working at starbucks and bringing me free coffee!
i guess you cant be friends with everybody  
day trip to the city  smile 
"if you want to be with me,theres some things you got to know  i like my beats fast and my bass down low  love  old song but love the new remix "
a friday nite off work? whhhaat!
drunk from lastnite  going to school  mcdonalds breakfast sounds delicious right now 
home alone    with no damn internet 
and goodnite 
i want to go to the beach tomorrow! whos in!?
