517ba20031c31312313d2d696959ba4d
is loving being back in the detroit area
michael   gummy worms?   you are a dork   but you are still my favorite dork
"ugh   i have to drive to grand rapids today, and not looking forward to it at all   i hate driving   oh well, i get to see some friends while i'm there, so not all bad"
happy new year to all my facebook friends and family
"<propfirst> <propmale> aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can    raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can!"
the thoughts of working today just made me nautious
stuff
am i the only person that thinks <propfemale> palin is fantastic?  be nice    
why am i still up at 4 a m ?
<propfemale> petrillo is hot!
i need some more flattering pics on here!  i just don't know how to do all the technical stuff
waiting for summer    i know   long ways away
i have a boring life   i am doing facebook quizzes again!
"what the hell   i am computer challenged, everytime i just figure this shit out, they change it   it is prolly good with most of you all, but facebook is becoming very unuser friendly to me    should i just say what the hell and give it up?"
this weather really wants to take my dad up on his offer   moving to florida   but i don't think i would tolerate his wife too well!
"this weather really makes me want to take my dad up on his offer to move to florida, but i don't think i would tolerate his wife for too long of a time!"
crown <propmale> and <propfemale> ale
family
well   yup   that's about it!
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go   happy <propfirst> day to me!
sick   feel like crap!
"had friends over for dinner   dug out my mom's recipe for pasties   was handed down from my dad's mother   pain in the ass to make, but everyone loved them!  and any of my relatives know how good they are!"
i need a maid!
i need a tan!
it's getting warm out   got warm weather cloths out    damn    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i gained too much weight over the winter!
i wish i could get out of this habit of staying up til 4 a m !
what's on my mind    stuff!
looking forward to having a sunday night off  first one in 6 months!
"i sometimes feel lonely   i like being alone most of the time   but i am afraid to let people get to know me   as i am fearful of rejection if i let people get to know the real me    therefore, i choose to be alone"
"i am being wierd right now, but i am wondering how people can be so harsh and judge when we all know that god is the only judge "
just another day
"holiday is over, i missed my family, i am over my pitty party, i know that you will love that one <propfemale> fisher, i am happy that i am old, healthy, and have a job!"
"so someone at work told me i was getting fat, which i am, but i was able to use a saying that i have always wanted to use    i might be fat, but you are ugly, and i can diet!"
let's see what kind of things thursday has to bring!
what's on your mind?
i would rather know what's on your mind!
work    yuck
church was a moving e playful erience today
monday monday la la la la la la la can't trust that day
80 tomorrow!   looking forward to it
"i can't believe i let myself get addicted to farmville!  oh well, i guess there are worse things "
"so here is my bitch for the day    i hate it when i get a text message, or a phone call, and don't respond within 10 minutes   then i get a call text back within that ten minute time period, from the same person   i don't hold my phone in my hand all day   will respond when convenient "
life is good!
"got a complete physical last week, even the embarrasing part  went back to dr  today   everything was great!  except for the asthma and cholesteral a bit high   he told me to lose a few pounds   how rude!  my liver even functions normal   amazing on that one!"
                             
tuesday afternoon    moody blues
<propfemale> amos     wednesday     great song!
"thursday    found a great song for this day too!  thursdays child by <propfirst> bowie   actually a great song if you youtube it and listen to the lyrics   i obviously have too much time on my hands!  i'll quit after sunday's song    i will have covered all the days of the week   i know, i am a dork!"
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3 kg  the length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than the man  women blink twice as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to hold the balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  happy earth day!
everyone knows the friday song    especially you <propfemale>!
saturday in the park    lame   
saturday in the park    lame   and it isn't the 4th of july
we could go with saturday night's alright for fighting   but i'm not violent!   or i could go back to 6th grade with bay city rollers    i'm gonna rock it up roll it up do it all have a ball saturday night  or   another saturday night and i ain't got nobody   got some money cuz i just got paid   then we have sunday   after that i promise i'll quit being a dork
good morning world!
"3 smile 0 sunday morning    can't believe i'm still awake   i have two songs for sunday   one is the obvious, u2,  the other is sunday morning by <propfemale> underground   has anyone else ever heard of the latter song?  it is quite odd, but good music to sleep with"
i hate gloomy days   makes me lazy
"when my mom was my age, she crochetted  don't know if that is a word, but you get it, babysat for <propmale> and <propfemale> (grandkids) now i play farmville!  not far from home, as she lived out on stedman road    middle of nowhere, for those of you who are unfamiliar"
hence farmville  hit share too quick!
sunshine!
             
"i think i am going to do as the friday song suggests, then take my happy ass to work!"
"i understand that parents raise their children, pay for this and that, but i don't understand parents that never provided for their children when they were young, they get old, have alot of money stashed, and when one of their kids needs help (my sister), they turn the other way   just glad that i am able to help my sister out when she needs it   wish i could do more "
never mistake my kindness as a sign of weakness
today i truly hated my job   i need to quit letting it get to me so much 
to all my friends in <propfemale> arbor   i hope grad weekend was a success for you!
"i don't understand facebook lately   i have comcast high speed, brand new computer, and facebook is so slow!  any suggestions would be appreciated"
i still don't understand why kids in ca were e playful elled for wearing a shirt with the american flag on it to school 
happy mother's day to all of you moms out there!
oh my goodness   i am too old to work 16 hours straight!  my dogs are screaming dirty names at me!
gorgeous weather we've been having!
"listening to old music   just heard a song that reminded me of my mother   sweet child of mine   her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where i as a child i'd hide    mom   you never won the mother of the year award, but in my heart, i know you did your best!"
where is summer?  i am tired of listening to my furnace suck money out of my wallet!
"look at craigs list detroit, under rants and raves   titled   i am glad the little girl is dead   can someone find out who this sick fu  er is and have him executed!"
isn't the muslim religion fantastic?
or absolutely horrifying
ok  done now   i need to get a life and stop researching shit!
"work work work and more work!   oh well, keeps me young and out of trouble!"
it's a great day out    finally!
"it's amazing how something as simple as a text message that says \hey\"" can make you smile  smile """
"what's on my mind   in loving memory of my beautiful mother on memorial day   not a day goes by that i don't think of you and miss you   i will be with you again someday mom, but i'm not ready yet!"
in loving memory of my mother on memorial day   picture is of her and my niece <propfemale> white
i promise i will post a recent pic as soon as i lose weight and get a tan!
does anyone really car that <propmale> gore and his wife tipper separated?  it's topping the headlines   what a waste of news space
just was listening to some old music   if you're going to san fransisco be sure to wear some flowers in your hair   never caught the irony of that song before
damn it   my older me died   old <propfemale> from the <propfemale> girls!
ikes!  tornado warning!
"why do reporters continue to refer to the president as mr  obama?  i am not a huge fan, but i still think it is very disrespectful to not address him properly "
"sounds silly, but i miss grand rapids   thought i would be happier by detroit, but i thought wrong!"
life is amazing    if you make the effort to make it that wah
if you make it that way
wah sounds like a whiney bitch
good night  sweet dreams to anyone who may see this
what the hell!
"to anyone who is a father   happy father's day, be a good dad, leave your kids with their baby's mamma and have a good time!"
"i don't really look like the pillsbury dough boy yet, as my pic portrays   was on roller coaster in cedar point   the wind kind of \blew\"" me up!"""
"i just received a message from <propfemale> fox   she isn't even on my friends list   subject was:  your ass got caught too!  only all the words were spelled in a scrambled way   many of you, seems mostly classmates, were on the sent to list   anyone know anything about this?"
i promised myself that i am going to have a great day    and this is one promise i will not break!
ok  mr  heinitz   listen to this song
today i thank god for my life   and air conditioning!   but more important  my life!
"<propfemale> j munkacsy did you ever make a mistake that you were embarassed about? have you ever really messed up? don't judge      don't throw rocks in you live in a glass house! we are human, we all make huge mistakes at some time in our lives! do unto others as you would have them do unto you!  i took this from <propfemale> sprague  thank you <propfemale>   it is so true!"
this is the anniversary of my mother's passing   sad day for me   but tomorrow will be a new day    
<propfemale> is on letterman   looks like she's had a little surgery  
i really like my job  most of the time  but my body hates it!
i love boston legal reruns   but why the hell do they have to air them at 2 smile 0 a m ?
night
the reason the grass seems greener on the other side is because it's been fertilized with bullshit 
"not sure what to think right now   me and my dad are going to camp in the u p   first time in 30 years that we have spent more than two hours together   i am kind of excited to spend time with him, although not sure of the outcome!  i wish me the best!  dad is 75, i am still 29   lol   should be interesting "
"sometimes i just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say 'you're it!!' and then run away!  once again, i stole this from someone, and it made me laugh   hope it does the same for you!"
"who ever said money doesn't bring happiness, i mean it would certainly make me happy right now  obviously that person has never been broke lol"
go connecticut!
"it is so <propfemale> outside!  i do enjoy listening to it thought, very peaceful"
"let us pause this day to remember the fallen, those innocent people taken by the extreme violence we witnessed this day in 2001, and those who died attempting to save innocent victims  you will never be forgotten "
ok   so what is this i like it shit?  gettin on my nerves!
go green!!!!
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid! they made me go to school and do chores  they gave me a curfew, taught me to get a job, and earn the things i wanted  they taught me to treat my neighbor as myself  they insisted i do my best at school and work  i grew up with    morals, a good work ethic, and respect for the law  i thank god everyday for my mean parents"
"here goes  this october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one         who    does not copy, will be without money  i cannot let that person be    me     copy within 11 <propfemale>  good luck"
"i just got off the phone with your great grandfather and told him what a wonderful girl you are   he would love to meet you someday   hopefully before it's not too late!  regardless, you still have great uncle <propfirst>   i love you   give your mom a hug, and telll her it is from me please and thank you"
"if it's gonna be this cold, it should be snowing"
<propfemale> <propfirst> is on <propfirst> lopez   she is a <propfemale> cow!
i try to leave politics out of my facebook thoughts   but huckabee is an ass   
<propfemale> osbourne is crackin my ass up right now!
"<propfemale> white\today i am thankful for my uncle <propfirst>  he is the best uncle  he has been there for me, even when i was too little to understand  he is one person that i know i can turn to no matter what the situation  love you uncle <propfirst>!!5 hours ago ·likeunlike · comment    my niece just put a tear in my eye!"
red is rockin it out!
yuck   i have to get ready to go the bad place today   work
"time for me to fly  oh i've got to set myself free   yep, time to get my shit together and realize what is important in my life   me and my family!  many new days coming, and i am going to take advantage of each and every one of them "
november 30 and 60 degrees!  what more could you ask for!
finally snowing!  getting me in the mood to put up a christmas tree!
will someone in farmville please send me a check button   thank you
work was fantastic!  i drove in the parking lot just in time to get a phone call from the boss telling me to stay home!  now i have no excuse for not putting up my christmas tree!
<propfemale> white enjoyed my conversation with the best uncle ever  so glad he called  put a happy ending to my day  love you uncle <propfirst>!!
???? ?? ??? ???? ?????! ???? ???? ??? ?????
sometimes you just wonder why and pray that god will take care of it 
"florida, watch out!   i'm so excited   i get to see my dad and his wonderful wife in two days!"
75 and <propfemale> here today
yuck   back to snow and cold 
oh poop   i just opened up the washing machine to put in downy   only to discover i washed red boxers with my white work shirts!
ugh
