2ad959e3e5d59f333aab3634059043a6
we are anxious to move! i hope the heat subsides just for a bit while we move  annoyed 
had an awesome lunch with dad!
"tata, who is in heaven is completely missed, loved and still thought about everyday   till we see you again \we love you!\"""""
looking forward to friday and catching up with some wonderful friends from past  excited!
are full!  <propfirst> mad us a delicious italian dinner with a tasty pinot   <propfemale> is looking forward to tomorrow!!!!
"omg we are loving \modern family\"" total blast and a must see!"""
"today has been about fixing my computer!  almost there, thanks to my wonderful father and bestfriend <propfirst>  wink "
"tonight we are going to go see paranormal activity, anyone care to join us?"
designing designing and more designing!  tomorrow is <propfemale> on the rocks and bbq time   hmm i wonder how my designs will come out after few <propfemale>'s?
"are sanding our antique desk and preping it to stain, yay we cannot wait to see the finished product!"
had a wonderful day! progress made on all levels in our lives!
"tired, getting over a cold, and thankful to be alive and loving our families and friends!"
are full!  we have a wonderful dinner with family yesterday   we are looking forward to christmas dinner 
finally tired and forcing ourselves to stop working and get some shut eye before mr  sunshine comes up 
"liking \alice \""  we believe our fingers are glued to our keyboard because we cannot seem to stop working """
happy new year to everyone! please be safe while you close 2010 and start 2011  the four of us are spending news years together here in the midst of our packing  cheers to a new year!
"<propfirst> is off to play basketball with his good friend <propfirst> perez   i am siting outside in my newly painted sunroom finishing up a paper on social psychology, and jayvin is skateboarding in thsi lovely weather  hope you all have a wonderful day!"
"i cannot believe tomorrow i am going to be 34   omg that is just crazy   but i guess with age comes wisdom, yes?  but tomorrow will be low key just dinner with the fam and school "
beautiful day! bbqing samon burgers n spending time with family 
"what a beautiful seattle like day! <propfirst>, <propfirst> n i are totally enjoying the rain  hope everyone else is having a wonderful n relaxing sunday"
"loving all this rain; however, we are kind of sad because we just put up our gazebo and it's all rained on   i guess we should have waited till the weekend  oh well it's still pretty "
had a wonderful day in the garden  we went to home depot for supplies n back home to plant n build  next week we are buying furniture for around the pool   looking forward to pool fun!
"enjoyed the day at work today  we walled 2 5 <propmale>   taxes are done n we r excited to get a nice refund  i (<propfirst>) am having the guys over for drinks n poker  do i need a poker table, or will any table do?"
had a wonderful day at work  i love monday mornings n fridays!  although today was a bit rough but i closed my email n the problem went away  i need to take my bosses advice n not react to those who seem to thrive on drama! loving life n know it will keep getting better 
what a beautiful day!  we r rush rush rushing today but for a good cause   <propfirst> has graduated n now it's time to celebrate his achievements!!!
beautiful sunday morning  had a nice smorgasbord breakfast with hubby n  <propfirst>  now we r out in the garden 
"have a day off n <propfirst> is out early, it's a family day!  we are enjoying the rain n our time away from icky work n difficult peeps  even a day away makes all the difference in the world "
painting our kitchen and enjoying the weather   might even take a sunset dip in the inviting pool!
finished painting!!!  i will take picks tomorrow   we had family over for a bbq!  salmon burgers not so great but everything else amazing of course i qued it!
fab sunday! looking forward to an enlightened week 
"health issues maybe answered today, keeping our fingers crossed"
"what a sexy day  i love being home! contract work is my calling, the polictics of the office aka drama is not for me "
we were outside gettn our vitamin d on! started a seven day arbonne detox  taste funky but i know i <propfemale> in n drink it to rid my body of these toxins  wish me luck  as of today i have lost 32lbs yay!!!
"happy mothers day to all the special mothers!!!\@>------\i wish you all a wonderful day with your babies!\\ i woke up to breakfast in bed! in love with today! thank you jayvin and <propfirst> love you both!!!"
is getting up to make bf and clean   looks like a beautiful day for a bbq and to finish projects 
what a lovely monday! the rain smells so good and makes everything ugly wash away!
"hump day, yay! the weather is beautiful! we worked out together this morning n burned 397 calories   <propfirst> lost 4lbs n i lost another 6lbs  i am losing 2 - 3lbs a week  i am 32lbs to reach my first goal!"
"my wife says its lovely day, so she is out in the garden now! \i need to finish up this website for a client  crown molding is pretty cool "
looking forward to an easy going weekend  tomorrow is dinner with the folks and off to a movie 
"back as a ground student, tonight is my first night back in class   little nerve racking "
"brother moved in today, yay!  in love and in school, life is good right now for us!"
iphone4 what can i say but perfection! hopefully someday soon it will be in the palm of my hand 
"congrats whitman! november is going to be exciting! \vote vote vote!\no on prop 16  we need more choices other than pge "
to do or not to do that is the question   
big day tomorrow <propfirst> and i are going to check out a venue in the tower   i was honored to my gals maiden of honor   exciting exciting exciting!  any recommendations please feel free to pass them my way 
"happy fathers day to all the fathers! have a great day with your kids and or father, i know i will!"
"we are stuffed with some great bbq (thanks <propfemale>)!  <propfirst> q's the best salmon!!!! \today was fun with the folks!  i love my dad and i love ma<propmale> him feel like a <propmale>!  he is a total crack up and simply the best!  i love seeing my dad and my hubby together!  family is what it is all about! now we are cleaning up and getting ready for \the gates!\"""""
so far the gates is awesome!
"the had a nice yoga workout while i sat outside with her and read the paper, nice! now it's almost time to head into the office so she can write a paper and i can make a website live for a client  exciting times!"
having dogs is like having babies sometimes  bosko woke me up with his whinning because he had to piss  i'm tired!
love love wipeout! make you laugh non stop! watch it!
"finishing up my darn paper before class tonight  i am not feeling class but i know i need to go  ok enough fb i need to finish  \hope everyone is having a wonderful day "
"<propfirst> is in the office finishing another website and i need to get my ars up and clean  after that i think a nice swim sounds good  then it's off to the office  \hope you all have a pleasent day!"
"oh the fall of the italians, go team usa!"
remember when we were young and the nes games were awesome and easy to play?!? what happen to those days? these games are hard now!
"i am playing double dribble, graphics don't get better than that!"
"what a lovely day! family is on their way! bbq, swimming, and a glass of wine, yeah exciting times! \hope everyone enjoys this lovely day today!"
love love love my brother! have a wonderful day punk! see ya at mom n dads!
time for <propfemale> to get off fb and for <propfirst> to jump on and reply to his friends   hope you all are having a wonderful sunday!
"just finished the finishing touches on the table for our guests  i am proud of the end set because almost everything came from our garden!!! talk about a green family  \oh on another happy note <propfirst> and i tried on some clothes that wr put away due to not fitting and now they are going bye bye because they are to big!!!! yay for us! i love my sexy man!!'"
what a lovely evening we had with two awesome people!  thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst> for coming over!  looking forward to many more with you two!!! time to relax put our feet up and download with each other   we hope you all had a wonderful monday!
woke up went outside to get the paper and the heat was still out there like police on a stakeout it's not going away until it gets us! doing nothing today but swimming and having a beer!
"happy hump day everyone! i (<propfemale>) am meeting with my team this afternoon to practice for our final, then off to class! this will not be an a class for me  sad , which is sad but a b is the next best thing, right?\\and i (<propfirst>) will be at the grill with a beer in my hand qing for my dad  don't worry babe you will do great tonight i love you!"
my team did a wonderful job   we still have business email and we got another inquiry for a website   we might have a new client tomorrow!!! hope you are all having a wonderful evening   i know my <propfemale> is because he is bbqing for his daddy and brothers!
we are seeing eclipse today!!! thank you my dear sweet handsome husband!!! last night we saw twilight and right now we are seeing new <propfemale>!!! i can watch them over and over
"this warrants another post! we lost 7 more pounds  <propfirst> has 11lbs till he reaches his first goal and i have 6lbs to reach my 2nd goal, then it's off to my third!  yay i am so happy for us!!! love us both!"
we are really starting to hate comcast  we are giving them one last try and agreed to let them come again tomorrow! tomorrow will be one week of trying and the sixth technician!
eclipse was good  long with a lot of dialogue  but totally worth seeing!
"can't sleep! hubby is sleeping so peacefully, and i am here wide awake watching fun with <propmale> and <propfemale>, and channel surfing through our snowy stations in between commercials  ugggggggg"
ok here we are four hours later and comcast is still here  they are making progress but wow i did not think getting cable would be a week long event! anyone else ever have issues like this?
wow we are tired  comcast just left and we are still not complete but we are about 85% done  we had a manager and a tech here  they said corporate will be calling us soon  they have truly come through and we are happy! true customer service does still exist 
hope everyone has a fun and safe 4th! we plan to relax and spend time together 
"bitter sweet today  now it's time for decisions, what to do, what to do?"
my family makes me laugh but in a crazy way
"what a wonderful day! hubby was offered a position with an awesome company today! but what made our day was spending the afternoon with husband's mom, my wonderful mil  it was nice for us to see her and for him to remember how precious family is! good night fb friends n family we hope you all have a wonderful friday to start your weekend off!"
"my headache won't go away  sad  and i do not like taking meds, anyone know of any natural remedies?\on a happy note, <propfirst> had a nice visit with his good friend <propfirst> today   men and women visit quite differently, it's funny to watch "
"woke up at 5 smile 0am to help my <propfemale> get ready for his first day at work  cannot wait for him to get home and hear all about it  muniservices will not regret hiring <propfirst>, he is awesome!!!"
"people need tounderstand that children \with special needs don't have an illness, sothere is no cure and \it's not contagious  they only want what we allwant, to be accepted \ most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and \leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education \week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra \help, understanding, and support "
vintage <propfemale> is meeting with international catering this afternoon!!!  getting excited for our soft opening!
"fabulous mtg with international catering! went to an awesome seminar in visalia, and now i am super excited!"
"happy friday! \hubby leaves work early yay, and i get to make a 35mg sodium fresh <propmale> veggie zah for the family! hope my dad will eat it, i better buy a cowboy (his fav) just in case  fresh fruit champange sorbet for dessert! yup it's a happy friday!"
we are still stuffed from the great food!  looking forward to a working weekend with my hubby tomorrow  stay cool and drink lots of water!!!
had a wonderul swim in the pool!!! now we are in the office the rest of the day   jayvin is spending the weekend with grandma and grandpa   we hope everyone is staying cool and keeping and eye on the their elder loved ones 
lovely sunday! cleaning and possibly painting our bedroom!
"tuesday started off great, then on my way home my car decides to give \out in a no parking zone!  of course no one would help me push it to \safety, no cell service, and it was hot! i stopped a strange guy \(possibly homeless) if he had a cell, he did, missing 2 buttons with  a cracked screen but it worked   now my car is in the shop and hopefully i get it back today so my life can go back to the \normal chaos i know"
"our website is up \but we are still uploading images and filling in the other sections   \our blog will start this weekend!  let us know what you think?  all \feedback is welcomed  wink \\www ninodesigns com"
yay my car is alive and well!!!
happy friday fb family n friends! we hope everyone has a wonderful day and weekend!!!
just finished my morning yoga   wow what a relaxing feeling   well my friday meeting was cancelled (keeping the family in my prayers) and now i am not sure what to do the next few hours  ?   ?   ? i miss my hubby  sad 
good morning fb fnf!!! well this weekend will be a bit nerve racking until my brother comes home safe  i pray he has a fun safe time but will relax when i see him safe 
watching silent hill and getting sleepy  it's a nice movie though 
"well gn fb, have a great rest of the nite!"
two days till total relaxation   cannot wait
"we are keeping up with the kardashians! they are addicting  however we cannot take <propfirst>, she lied crazy, and never accepts responsibility  we love <propfemale>!!!"
"hubby off to work (miss him), appt at 9am, my school project at 2pm, dinner  day full of fun, terror, excitement, and new e playful eriences "
"so sad   i was suppose to finally have a massage today   but i didn't know i was suppose to call this morning to confirm the time   she canceled my appt and booked another client  i was shocked, even my doc calls to confirm the day before, i call my clients to confirm, i am just dumb founded why she did not give me a heads up   terribly disappointing cause i heard great things about her "
wasted my morning at the doctors office  but had a lovely lunch with hubby!
last nights presentations including mine were awesome   had a wonderful dinner with the family   tonight we will relax in the pool 
"this afternoon should be interesting, looking forward to it!  smile "
are looking forward to an evening filled with fun and relaxing company   cannot wait to welcome <propfemale> and <propfirst> into our home  be prepared for a delicious dinner!
had a wonderful evening full of great convo and laughter  love relaxing evenings like that 
had a wonderful evening with kat and <propfemale>  it was so lovely to sit outside and chat  looking forward to more times like that!
"he morning was so lovely  i made a <propmale>, tomato, garlic omelette for hubby and i this morning 6am  then i kissed him laters and watched the gates! after my food settled i did s 40min yoga works, 15min wiifit cardio, and a cool down meditation outside in the garden  now it's time to clean, rearrange, and finish and <propmale> project "
"off to doctors appts, school, home to cook dinner, evening walk w friend, finally hm to  prepare for another final  hubbys last week at muni and off to premier, yay!"
struggling to finish my final   my so called tm has decided not to help participate leaving with all the work yet again   two papers and a  presentation   i cannot wait for this class to end tonight! my anxiety is off the charts and i need to try and relax   
thank goodness my social psych class is over! everyone's team presentation was wonderful and very inspiring   see some of you in the next class! now time to relax   
happy friday family and friends! may you all have an awesome weekend!
"had a wonderful <propfemale> smoother (made it myself) and <propfirst> and i had a hard upper body ea active workout   now it's time to jump in the pool for some relaxing and seeing where the weekend takes us, hopefully in the same direction "
up early in the garden to get my mind off a disturbing situation   
"just had a wonderful work out! dang, you would think i would be used it by now but nope still get winded "
"my arms are so sore from painting  but anything to help my parents out, love them  almost time to head home take a breather then on to my school work  this class is requiring tons of work  annoyed  but i am with a great team, no worries "
"had a wonderful with my family over our casa  i made a delicious healthy meal and everyone loved it! i have school work to finish today and lite cleaning  hubby is interviewing applicants, looking sharp! have a great day!!!"
just had a great yoga session  the mornings n mid mornings are so beautiful for yoga! relaxing a bit then off to shower n hit the books 
"what a nice evening 2mile power walk  relaxing and getting ready for bed  we are getting up early for another power walk then some delicious yoga  tell ur family n close friends u luv them, gn fb!"
long scary afternoon and evening  so glad we woke up to rain now we can just lounge around today 
"prayers for my fil   he is in the hospital, scared, and needing all the support he can get   love him dearly!"
"great sunday so far!  made flaxseed cinnamon french toast, turkey bacon, and sat with my <propfemale>   i think with the weather little gloomy i will bake  \almost game time \go bears!\"""""
congrats to my friend <propfemale> and <propfirst> on their baby boy! we cannot wait to see him!
"what a fabulous day! today we met our ob dr  matharu, and we love him!  omg thank you sister, 3rd time a charm! hearing our little june bug's heartbeat never gets old, each time is emotional for us!"
go bears!!!
"omg we love this rain  we could live in this rainy weather forever! may you all have a wonderful week and holiday with your family and friends, i know we are and will!"
are wishing <propfemale>ryone a happy xmas <propfemale> and a blessed christmas day with family and close friends  remember it's about those you love and being grateful for what you have and not what gift you received or didn't 
"babycenter is giving away a year's worth of diapers to one fan every week between now and january 10, 2011!  enter here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com babycenter_sweeps index?referrer_id=70946&campaign_id=28"
"enjoying our stay over with my (<propfemale>) family   love being pampered, wearing our new pj's, eating tamales, and being around family "
"we are so tired of moving  my poor hubby is all bruised from the heavy boxes and the fridge falling on him, darn rain      "
wonderful day! nice running into you <propfemale>! finally home relaxing in eachothers arms 
"babycenter is giving away a year's worth of diapers to one fan every week between now and january 10, 2011!  enter here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com babycenter_sweeps index?referrer_id=70946&campaign_id=28"
"are enjoying our relaxing day   we might go see tron later, yay "
"learning to sew     designing in illustrator is easier, lol  but so far it's coming out beautiful, if i don't say so myself "
finally after a few weeks of missing the movements i finally felt my baby move this morning! what a feeling     
"watching the game, and waiting for my bears to take it home to the super bowl"
"our taxes are done, and we do not owe, yay!"
had a great day! now we are relaxing watching some movies 
perfect start to our day giving both of us an ecstatic feeling all day! so blessed!
"wow tomorrow is february, where is the time going? i guess when your anxious and looking forward to something, time flys "
