39c4b8555434288fea03015fc909dc3e
the last dying minutes of the year   
"?????????????????????????????????????\?????????????????????????????????????\?????????????????????????????????????\?????????????????????????????????????\?????????????????????????????????????"
school starts in 3 days   
"one shall not know anger, nor hatred, nor love "
"there is no emotion, there is peace \there is no ignorance, there is knowledge \there is no passion, there is serenity \\there is no chaos, there is harmony \there is no death, there is the force "
"love is a raw emotion  if you fall in love, it will dominate your <propfemale> forever "
"by loving everything without attachment, you will find peace "
"there are always two  no more, no less: a master and an apprentice "
has chronic depression   sad 
is furious at himself for not making what he should have on the math crct!!!
had an awesome day at school!!!  smile 
nooooooo! nooooooo!  crying 
"someday, you'll be sorry!!!"
"is e playful eriencing a shudder of electricity through his whole body  it's more of somebody's presense that's making me feel this way   someone une playful ected  someone who i'd never thought, i'd run into while holding a <propfemale> wars novel  someone whose mere presense and sight made me run quickly and listen to the jedi code, telling me to be mindful of my thoughts   her name, i can not mention "
adventure  heh! excitement  heh! a jedi craves not these things!
"into exile, i must go  failed, i have "
"has failed  sad  i must understand that a jedi is a jedi, first and foremost, and only  for a jedi to divide his attention between the will of the force and the will of others is to invite disaster  if only i was a potential padawan while i was a young child and not admitted late   sad  the attachment to an individual is growing stronger inside of me   and i can't stop it   sad "
omg  my friends went from 91 to 89  another individual blocked me  screw you people!!!
"there is no escape  don't make me destroy you   luke, you do not yet realize your importance  you have only begun to discover your power  join me, and i will complete your training  with our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy "
if you're not with me   then you're my enemy!
"obi-wan: it's over anakin! i have the high grounds!\anakin: you underestimate my power!\obi-wan: don't try it  \anakin: (screams)\obi-wan: you were the chosen one! it was said that you would destroy the sith, not join them! bring balance to the force, not leave in darkness!\anakin: (screams) i hate you!!!\obi-wan: you were my brother anakin  i loved you "
"anakin: you turned her against me!\obi-wan: you have done that yourself!\anakin: you will not take her from me!\obi-wan: your anger and your lust for power have already done that  you have allowed this dark lord to twist your mind until now   until now you have become the very thing you swore to destroy \anakin: don't lecture me obi-wan  i see through the lies of the jedi  i do not fear the dark side as you do!"
"anakin: i'd much rather dream about padme  just being around her again is   intoxicating \obi-wan: be mindful of your thoughts anakin, they betray you  you have made a commitment to the jedi order, a commitment not easily broken "
"darth vader: obi-wan never told you what happened to your father \<propmale>: he told me enough! he told me you killed him!\darth vader: no  i am your father  \<propmale>  no  that's not true  that's impossible!\darth vader: search your feelings, you know it to be true!\<propmale>: nooo! noooooo!"
don't underestimate the force 
"mace windu: i am going to end this, once and for all!\anakin: you can't  he must stand trial!\mace windu: he has control of the senate and the courts! he's too dangerous to be left alive!\anakin: it's not the jedi way  he must live!\palpatine: please don't!\anakin: i need him!\palpatine: please don't!\anakin: no!!! (slices off windu's hand)\mace windu: (screams)\palpatine: power!!! unlimited power!!!"
"yoda: not if anything to say about it, i have! at an end, your rule is! and not short enough, it was  if so powerful you are, why leave? (activates lightsaber) \darth sidious: you will not stop me! darth vader will become more powerful than either of us! (activates lightsaber) \yoda: faith in your new apprentice, misplaced may be, as is your faith in the dark side of the force "
"anakin: it wouldn't have to be that way  we could keep it a secret  \padme: then we'd be living a lie  one we couldn't keep up with no matter what  i couldn't do that  could you anakin? could you live like that?\anakin: no  you're right  it would destroy us  \\me:    and it did "
"darth sidious: lord vader  can you hear me?\darth vader: yes, master  where is padme? is she safe? is she alright?\darth sidious: it seems that in your anger, you killed her  \darth vader: i? i couldn't have! she was alive! i felt it!\darth vader: (damages everything around him with the power of his rage and grief)  noooooooooooo!!!"
"mace windu: you are under arrest, my lord!\darth sidious: anakin, i told you it would come to this! i was right  the jedi are taking over!\mace windu: the oppression of the sith will never return! you have lost!\darth sidious: no  no, no, you will die! (blasts force lightning on mace windu)\darth sidious: he's a traitor!!!"
"you have failed me for the last time, admiral!"
"obi-wan: i have failed you, anakin  i have failed you  \anakin: i should have known the jedi were plotting to take over!\obi-wan: anakin, chancellor palpatine is evil!\anakin: from my point of view, the jedi are evil!\obi-wan: well then you are lost!"
"darth vader: i've been waiting for you obi-wan  we meet again at last  the circle is now complete  when i left you, i was but the learner, now i am the master  \obi-wan: only a master of evil, darth!\darth vader: your powers are weak, old man  \obi-wan: you can't win, darth  if you strike me down, i shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine "
"palpatine did horrible things to him  made him suspicious of his friends so they wouldn't be friends anymore  made him kill younglings so no one would ever trust him again  made him alone  made it so nobody else in the universe understood him   except palpatine  i bet, just before he became darth vader, he probably hated palpatine  but palpatine had worked it out so that he was the only one anakin skywalker had "
"a jedi is a jedi, first and foremost, and only  for a jedi to divide his attention between the will of the force and the will of others is to invite disaster "
"do not see a lightsaber duel as a choice between winning and losing  every duel can have many, many outcomes  when you concentrate solely on winning—in lightsaber duels as in everything else—you sully your victory  winning becomes worse than losing  it is better to lose than to win badly  and it is always better to end a duel peacefully than to win or lose "
"learn to recognize when speed is not important  race when being first is important; move at your own pace at all other times  it is not necessary to always strike the first blow, to provide the first solution, or to reach a goal before anyone else does  in fact, it is sometimes vital to strike the last blow, to give the final answer, or to arrive after everyone else "
"the acceptance of others is not a guarantee  like everyone else, a jedi is accepted or not based on his behavior  the jedi who believes that he is more important than others only demonstrates that his opinion is to be ignored "
"i wear my robe so that i am warm; i <propfemale> my lightsaber so that i am safe; and i keep enough credits for my next meal, so that i am not hungry  if the force wants me to have more, it finds a way of letting me know "
"empathy is a jedi trait  empathy leads to understanding, understanding leads to compassion, compassion leads to love  there is no place for love for a sith  only hate "
"i crave only power and purpose  with power, anything you want or need can simply be taken  with purpose, life has meaning "
"age is indeed a curious thing  as i grow older, i see less clearly in the dark, but i see the dark more clearly "
"failure has a thousand e playful lainations, success doesn't need one "
"who's the more foolish, the fool, or the fool who follows him?"
"it is not enough that i succeed  everyone else, must fail "
your anger gives you great power  but if you let it   it will destroy you 
"the sith rely on their passion for their strength  they think inward, only about themselves "
"always two, there are  no more, no less: a master and an apprentice "
"deliver more than you promise  the best way to be always certain of this is to deliver much, even when you promise nothing "
hey! this rocks! hey!
"until the possible becomes actual, it is only a distraction "
"when you look at the dark side, careful you must be   for the dark side looks back "
"listen to the force, cade  a jedi's first concern is to preserve life "
"fear attracts the fearful, the strong, the weak, the innocent, the corrupt  fear  fear is my ally "
"strong am i with the force, but not that strong  twilight is upon me, and soon night must fall  that is the way of things   the way of the force "
"ulic qel-droma: master arca, freedon nadd was a jedi  how can a jedi, trained in the ways of the light, fall victim to the dark side? \arca jeth: it has happened more than once  fortunately it does not happen often—ulic, my son…pray that it never happens to you "
"nadd spoke of the ancient sith foretellings…that the dark lords will come again  i heard similar stories from the jedi holocron  these prophecies chill my blood  there may be something to them…but the future depends on us  we jedi must cling to the light  the light is our strength and our ally  with the light of the force, the jedi will stand forever…remember, ulic…where there is light…there can be no darkness "
at last we will reveal ourselves to the jedi  at last we will have revenge 
"here i stand, helpless and left for dead   sad "
"jedi don't friend sith who are obsessed with the dark side of the force  if they want to start arguments over the force, they're on!"
screw palpatine  may he rot forever in the netherworld of the force 
obi-wan   promise me you will train the boy  he   is the chosen one  he   will bring balance  train him 
all this thought about the galactic civil war and world war ii has led me to asking this question: who was worse: palpatine or hitler?
a jedi does not cling to the past 
"if <propfemale> wars didn't exist, then i wouldn't give a hoot about youtube "
i'm not a perfect person  there are many things that i wish i didn't do  but i continue learning  i never meant to do those things to you 
"the force is what gives a jedi his power  it's an energy field created by all living things  it surrounds us, penetrates us, and binds the galaxy together "
"there are many realities in the universe, some of them quite harsh  one reality that is inescapable is that there is nothing more valuable than a friend  more than food, more than shelter, and more than weaponry, an ally can save your life "
duel of the fates 
across the stars
battle of the heroes
anakin's betrayal
the imperial march
"apology accepted, captain needa "
"i don't have the answer to why he turned  i can only ask myself that question, over and over again "
"every second, you are closer to death "
she actually still exists!!! (not that i thought that she didn't still exist)  but i saw her!!! for the first time in months!!!
"it's better to never start something, than to start it and never finish it  once you start something, you must finish it "
"obi-wan kenobi: why do i get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?\anakin skywalker: don't say that, master  you're the closest thing i have to a father "
"you know, don't you? if the jedi destroy me, any <propmale> of saving her will be lost "
"anakin, our allegiance is to the senate, not to its leader "
"is once again depressed, alone, and   screwed!!!  crying "
"don't go  your presence is soothing  your absence is distressful  but yet, you refuse to notice my presence and leave me   alone and depressed   crying "
i'm sorry that i hurt you  it's something i must live with everyday  and all the pain i put you through  i wish that i could take it all away  and me the one who catches all your tears  that's why i need you to hear  i found out a reason for me to change who i used to be  a reason to start over new  and the reason is you 
"i sense much hatred in you  much arrogance  you tend to cling to the past and focus very little on the present  you lack compassion  you lack empathy  you lack sympathy  or is it just towards me? all of your hatred, your lack of compassion and sympathy  is it all just towards me? i don't have the answer  i can only ask myself that question, over and over again "
"is e playful eriencing panic attacks, stress, depression, and headaches   crying "
miss  arrogant-lady  stop tormenting me  the mind can only take so much 
poison in my bloodstream  suffering on my mind  pain and grief in my heart  tears on my face  death in my future  here i stand now   helpless and left for dead   crying 
"do a thousand good deeds and people will forget them  do one bad thing and people will remember it forever, and you will be hated forever  but you will never be remembered or liked again for all of those thousands of good deeds that you once did  leaving a bad lasting impression of yourself on others can destroy you  never make this mistake, as i did  it will destroy you, as it does me, a little bit each day   crying "
"attachment clouds my vision  people act irrationally and unpredictably when they are emotionally attached to another person or an object  that irrational behavior causes pain, regretted acts, and more irrational behavior when the person or object is threatened  i must come to my senses  i must be more mindful of my thoughts, because so far, all they’ve done is betrayed me   sad "
"things that are on my mind: \\people just ain't no good  a thing that's well understood  \\the emperor is not as forgiving as i am  \\i hate you!!!\\please don't!!!\\no!!! *screams and cries*\\scarred forever   "
"please say something to me  you can't be silent forever  i sense your presence fading   fading  i have said it many times: i'm sorry that i hurt you  it's something i must live with everyday  i don't know what i have done to you  i don't know why you won't speak to me  these are things that i can only ask myself, over and over again   sad "
"<propmale>, you do not yet realize your importance  you have only begun to discover your power  join me, and i will complete your training  with our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy "
it's the v to the a to the d e r  vader reconstructing the death <propfemale>  with my slick suite suit that's black like tar 
"secrets are dangerous \secrets are difficult \secrets can kill "
"8th grade <propfemale> has revealed its true identity  it's no more the calm, serene, peaceful, and welcoming class that it was during the first couple of weeks of school  it is now a stressful, scary, difficult, and panic-inducing class "
i still have much to learn 
"i am a math teacher  i am a banana  only one of these statements is true and the other is a lie  i don't have yellow skin and i'm not a good source of vitamins, so my inductive reasoning says that i'm not a banana  so if i'm not a banana, then i must be a math teacher "
<propmale> + charter internet = peace of mind and success ?
"is now officially refreshed, re-energized, refueled, and replenished  (for now, anyway)  saturdays are awesome! ?"
it's ironic that the chosen one was actually engineered by a sith lord 
darth vader will never return to tatooine 
"darth sidious killed darth plagueis, but darth plagueis' creation killed darth sidious "
"obi-wan kenobi: why do i get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?\anakin skywalker: don't say that, master  you're the closest thing i have to a father \\   decades later\\darth vader strikes down his former master with no hesitation "
brightstorm is awesome 
dsl on my computer is a new e playful erience ?
she hardly even recognized me  i've thought about her everyday since we parted and she's forgotten me completely 
uphill rush
the first <propfemale> of light in your universe brings pain  the light burns you  it will always burn you  part of you will always lie upon black glass sand beside a lake of fire while flames chew upon your flesh ?
"you can hear yourself breathing  it comes hard, and harsh, and it scrapes nerves already raw, but you cannot stop it  you can never stop it  you cannot even slow it down  you don't even have lungs anymore  mechanisms hardwired into your chest breathe for you  they will pump oxygen in your bloodstream forever "
"my, my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later, now he's just a small fry "
"the dark is generous, and it is patient, and it always wins--but in the heart of its strength lies weakness: one lone candle is enough to hold it back  \love is more than a candle \love can ignite the stars "
"if another day goes by and i don't see you, i will die!  crying \your serene and soothing presence  \your distressing and painful absence "
gem
is depressed  sad ?
pain and suffering  stress and depression  panic attacks and hypertension  what do they all have in common??
help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help! help!
there is no such thing as a second <propmale> 
"why can't we be friends? why can't we start over new? why can't you forget the past and focus on the present? why do you hate me, so much? why? why? why? why?"
safari 5 is so blazing fast! screw internet e playful lorer 8! safari is awesome!
sometimes there are things that even a computer cannot undo  sometimes your one action is a final and permanent one  there is no second <propmale>  you cannot go back  you cannot undo your action 
there are just not enough hours in a day 
you are so   beautiful 
"<propmale> os x snow leopard  \the world's most advanced operating system  finely tuned "
"<propmale> - made from beautiful materials--aluminum and glass  has the latest technology  powerful processors, advanced graphics, and fast memory  polished, smooth, shiny, refined, strong, and durable appearance and feel  everything you want  it's designed to be a better computer "
i love apple products!!!  smile ?
is a failure 
"has bleeding lips, red eyes, frazzled hair, and headaches "
some teachers are impossible to talk to ?
is there a substitute for sleep??
i've been working all day and all i've been thinking about is: what if this doesn't get done in time? does anyone know how much panic and stress that causes? sometimes i begin to think if there really are enough hours in a day  24 hours just doesn't seem enough  it's either that or the human body is too fragile 
"if anyone wants to know how i feel right now, spell \desserts\"" backwards """
"how is it possible to hate someone that much? you wouldn't care if a sith tried to kill me, whereas if a sith tried to kill you, i would save you and destroy the sith  i would never stop caring no matter what you say or do  if you still don't care, at least don't be silent  tell me what i've done to you that's angered you so much so i can feel terrible about it forever "
<propfemale> nikada ne?e poput mene opet     i to je moja krivnja  mogao <propfirst> sprije?iti ovo  to ?e nanijeti bol na mene zauvijek  <propfemale> nikada ne mogu oprostiti sebi  zašto? zašto se ovo dogodilo?  crying 
zašto mrziš me toliko? što <propfirst> u?inio za vas?
obožavam te 
mir uma 
nitko ne brine  ljudi na zemlji su tako glupi  svatko bi trebao živjeti u teškim uvjetima i vidjeti kakav je to osje?aj!
i am going for some changes  i don’t know what is going on  something is happening to me  something is happening to me  is it too late to save me from myself after all the damage done? is it too late? i wish there was some way that i could put me back the way i was ?
my math grade is suffering  sad ?
"having fun and being happy is a waste of time  we have precious limited time  all life-forms eventually die  we should use what time we have and do something useful and serious  a second wasted is a second gone forever and a second closer to death  i will never understand the phrase \go have fun\"" when there is so much work to get done and a day only has 24 hours """
is a doomed failure at everything  failure  failure  failure 
is re-living the great moments of 7th grade 
"pain, suffering, death "
"what's the point in all this screaming, no one's listening anyway "
its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone if your heart still does 
there's still hope   ?
what have you done with those plans?!?
nooo!!!
i have all a's!!! yes!!! well that certainly brings down an enormous amount of stress and depression!!! finally i can enjoy a moment of peace!!!
peace of mind 
the return of stress and anxitey d:
hey check out this vid chat room - http annoyed  tinychat com nunnie101
this week will be so freaking boring!!!
i miss all my buddies who are at sapelo!!!  sad 
"here i am, screaming at myself  trying desperately to undo my mistakes, but all attempts failed  what have i done? i have repeated so many of my mistakes  i'm such a fool  i never learned from them  the only true mistake is one from which you don't learn from  <sigh> i'm so depressed   crying ?"
all of my buddies who went to sapelo are back!!! i get to see them again!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
i'm like obsessed with this song!?
love  it can bring someone back from the dark side ?
just got bitdefender total security 2011!!!?
there is so much work in so little time ?
november 3 and 4 will be days long remembered  does anyone know why??
happiness is temporary  suffering and depression are permanent 
"all i can do is sit in a dark room, listen to my masters scream at me, and hope that everything will be all right   someday "
"why do i like you?! i don't know the answer myself!!! i need help, master yoda! tell me how to solve this problem!"
"i don't love you anymore  (thanks for the help, obi-wan kenobi, qui-gon jinn, master yoda, <propfemale> <propfemale> organa, padme amidala, darth vader, and general grievous  i don't think i like her anymore  i'm on my way to becoming a successful and accomplished jedi) "
day 2 lecture from obi-wan kenobi and darth vader--success!
never  i'll never turn to the dark side  i am a jedi 
so be it 
everyone hates me ?
"anakin\ skywalker: don't be afraid \padme amidala: i'm not afraid to die  i've \been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life  \\anakin: what are you talking about?\padme: i love you \anakin: you love \me? i thought we had decided not to fall in love  that we would be \forced to live a lie  that it would destroy our lives \padme: i think our\ lives are about to be destroyed anyway "
just got windows 7 and microsoft office 2010!!!
i love internet e playful lorer 9!!!
posted from windows 7  laugh 
severe depression  i can't take it anymore  crying 
is having the best computer e playful erience ever!
why?
la razón eres tu 
just got google chrome 9!!!
just got firefox 4!!!
the dream i just had--i'm utterly astounded  why?! why could it not have been a reality?! it was all so real then!!!
"only i can live   forever  \\--voldemort"
the only stable browser i have is   safari 
"the return of stress, depression, and panic attacks d:"
when is the right time to use firefox 4? when is the right time to use google chrome 9? when is the right time to use safari 5? when is the right time to use internet e playful lorer 9?
"i hate that i'm so interdependent  why do i need other individuals if my mere existence is so annoying to them? i honestly don't want to interact with anybody that's not of authority   but then again, everything's easier said than done  <sigh>"
that's it 
 crying 
living is hard  i can't live with all this pain anymore   how much can i take?
"tell me what you regard as your greatest\ strength, so i will know how best to undermine you; tell me of your \greatest fear, so i will know which i must force you to face; tell me \what you <propfemale> most, so i will know what to take from you; and tell me\ what you crave, so that i might deny you…"
a horcrux 
"voldemort is my past, present, and future "
his boggart   is his own corpse 
is screwed!!!
death week
i'm screwed!!! i failed!!! i didn't call this death week for nothing!!! (maybe i should change my profile picture  i'm kind of making this smart guy look bad) 
what's with some people and san <propfirst>? is that where pedophiles live or something?
why does everyone assume that <propfemale> wars people on facebook are pedophiles?
i don't appreciate it when people argue over things they don't understand  my <propfemale> wars friends are one of the most helpful and interesting people i've met  i've learned so much from them  they've redirected me to things i never knew about or would have discovered  i've gained knowledge and e playful erience from that  i don't like it when people talk lowly about them   
numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it 
there is no happiness or relaxation  there is only tragedy and work 
humans would be so much more successful if no one needed each other 
"snow, cloudiness, cold  what a perfect day to stay in and finish up the remainder of my homework   "
stress can kill   slowly 
nooooooo!!! how much can i freakin' take it?!!! i'm here literally dying in stress and panic attacks and i come look at my horrendous final exam grade!!! does anyone realize how much that physically hurts this late at night?!!! i'm lucky i'm still alive!!!
"i don't care what anybody says!!! as a student, grades are all that matters!!! nothing else!!! once education is over, personal life matters!!! until then, grades are the only thing that anyone should obsess about!!! i so freakin' hate it when people think of them as \just numbers\""!"""
suffering   endless suffering  that's what life is 
"without a soul, my spirit's sleeping somewhere cold   "
"mental pain hurts more than physically pain, because physical pain is temporary, whereas mental pain is not "
"my grade  my grade  as of right now, that's all i care about "
there is only depression and despair 
a whole day of literally nothing but listening to depressing songs and shedding tears 
blood loss  that's a terrible death 
como me duele   
i wish i could contact the teachers   
"friday, march 31, 1995 at 1 surprise 5 pm was one of the saddest times in history  that date and time will never be forgotten and continue to depress people of the future forever "
there is never an end to worrying 
death 
why am i the only person on <propfemale> virtual school?! what's everyone else doing?!
"the universe is an intricate place full of tragedy, suffering, and the unknown   "
dying is painful 
happiness is temporary; depression is chronic 
the whole world is so unemotional   
"someday, you'll be sorry! someday you will all be sorry!"
"pretty soon, i'll have a shattered heart and i'll do nothing more but exist in this intricate, cruel, and harsh world "
"when time passes, you can never get that time back  it's gone   forever "
"the voices of the past   i can hear them, but they are not here "
tears of blood 
there is no such thing as a painless death 
"<propfemale> virtual school is open for taking assignments, quizzes, discussions, and tests!!!   i wonder if we can work ahead   "
<sigh> the return of work 
it's a miracle  i have all a's 
math is so hard now!
i am desperately in need for some energy boosters   
"mmm   energy boosters really refresh the body and mind, as well as calming panic attacks  (temporarily) "
so many unrealistic amounts of upcoming work!!! > surprise 
"just to let everyone know, there is not going to be enough snow to cancel school, assuming there's going to be any snow at all! okay?!!!"
"this \snow\"" didn't even hold together!!! > surprise """
"e playful ressed excitement and happiness leads to failure and frustration  depression and dreariness leads to focus, inner peace, and mental calmness "
"wtf, there is no school tomorrow either??!!! this sucks crap!!!"
i'm screwed 
"monday no school=understandable  tuesday no school=wow  wednesday no school=ridiculous  thursday no school=wtf, we just came back from winter break and had three days of school!!! now they're canceling school when we should be having it?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! i demand spring break to be canceled!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"everyone, let's add an extra week at the end of school!"
i'm such an idiot  why else would i fail at simple things?
what now?
help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! someone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"take a look at my life, all black\take a look at my clothes, all black\like <propfirst> cash, all black\like the rolling stones wanna paint it black\\like the night that we met, all black\like the color of your dress, all black\like the seats in my cadillac\i used to see red now it's just all black"
"in 6 hours and 2 minutes, we shall all return to school!!!"
i am a perfectionist 
three hours of sleep a day   
my body is producing too much fatigue toxins   
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
"\i can't be seen with you \""\",39c4b8555434288fea03015fc909dc3e,"\figure it out!\""\",39c4b8555434288fea03015fc909dc3e,"me: hey, how do you solve this?\tomislav: your mom \-- tomislav z-m and zehadi nirman"
i have repaired my body and my mind 
i'm back!
i'm ready for triumph! triumph! triumph!
i will be returning to my state of being from more than a month ago 
"vote for <propmale> and <propfirst>!!! nobody else!!! and the only reason you should do that is because tomislav says so!!! whatever he says is right!!! since he's a supporter, you all must vote for mo and <propfirst>!!!"
i am disabling all communications with other living flesh  no one talk to me  i'm inferior 
independence is the key to success  dependence leads to failure and betrayal 
i don't get how people use safari on a pc  it's so slow!
what?! i spend the weekend finishing all those math assignments and (even though i made 100s on three on them) they didn't raise my grade by even a point?!!?!?!? what's up with that?!
"reading logs, a shakespeare play for an abstract, the elizabethan fair, hard stuff and stupid careless mistakes from me that gets me a sucky 94   yep   i'm screwed "
"no matter how hard i try, i still fail   "
depending on others leads to failure 
"\it is not enough that i succeed   everyone else must fail\"""""
"honestly, i think i take better care of my computer than i do myself   "
the elizabethan fair   it's harder than i thought   i'm screwed 
"we are probably among the smartest, most intelligent person on earth, but we don't even know it (except for me, of course) "
theta sessions are very good at replacing 4 hours of sleep  <propfemale> sessions are excellent at rejuvenating the body with 2 hours of sleep  i think i've solved my sleep deficiency problems   
"wise men profit more from fools than fools from wise men; for the wise men shun the mistakes of fools, but fools do not imitate the successes of the wise "
"if you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another <propmale> for you  what we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down "
i daresay one profits more by the mistakes one makes off one's own bat than by doing the right thing on somebody's else advice 
strange  i had a dream about the former person i liked  what could this mean   ?
it is not in the nature of a dementor to be forgiving 
"omg, who told you to do that?! i am not surprised that you got that kind of a reply  seriously you should have asked me before you sent that! seriously i have tried  believe me i have! it doesn't work! it never will! i tried to forget it  please do not remind me of all that i went through before! i am a depresso and you asking her that and getting that kind of reply only enhances it!"
i'm hacked off  no one talk to me  ever 
"lifted head fog, increased mind power, neural pathway growth, improved study, and lasting energy "
i am a failure that made a 26 on an assignment 
dinner at 3:53 am  lol
"wow, it's almost 5 am and i'm still up practicing for the word parts quiz  after this, i think i better go and consolidate my memory "
i'm going to end my friendship with a lot of people 
what the crap?! i cannot have an 83 in social studies! not social studies! one of the most freakin' easiest classes! that's it! i'm such an idiot failure! i got a 26 on an assignment!!! why!? and people actually made a 100 on that?! that's it! i've had it! i'm never going to recover from a sulky mood until i get my grade where it should be! here now official: nobody talk to me ever again!
"you're the weak one   and you'll never know love or friendship   and i feel sorry for you \--<propmale> potter"
i'm screwed 
i've just made my desktop more aesthetically appealing 
capital punishment is the cruelest and most painful thing you can do to someone  i can't think of anything that hurts (physically) more 
"dumbo is like the most annoying show!\--<propfemale> english"
i'm sorry pillow  you've drowned in my tears     crying 
"it is not our abilities that make us who we are, but rather our choices "
the magnificent power of the subconscious mind 
google chrome uses too much memory   or maybe it's just the extensions 
"ticked off that i made an 80 on the radical e playful ressions task, but satisfied that i have a 95 in math "
"dumbo is a horrible show!\--<propfemale> english"
this isn't working  how about we just go back to me being silent? i think people will like that a lot more  i just need a freakin' pair of headphones 
screw <propfemale> umbridge  may she receive the dementor's kiss 
the actor who plays dumbledore after the second movie ruined the whole character as dumbledore  dumbledore never freakin' yells across the room or in a student's face!
is once again re-living the <propfemale> days  may i'll actually e playful erience it again this year  i can only hope 
ms  mcneeley is an awesome teacher  she gives a taste of what real life feels like and not the laziness and stupidity we've grown in  the proof of that are all the people who insult her and the work she assigns in their statuses 
i'm screwed! d:
"people absolutely positively hate me from the depths of their dark souls! and that's the truth! and yes, one person does count "
success is 80% mental and 20% physical 
"i demand to know how you can get a 70% as a grade for having the minimum required content for an assignment! if you're not given the maximum work you can do, all you have left to work with is the minimum! if i have the minimum required content why the crap did i make 70 and not a 100?! and it's a freakin' summative grade!"
i am a stupid failure face who apparently doesn't do enough work and receive enough self punishment 
i'm totally pissed off! i'm a failure that can't retain or comprehend anything! i make terrible grades and apparently don't try hard enough!
all that we are is a result of what we have thought 
"wow  i slept from 3 pm to 11 pm  guess i'll just do math and other schoolwork for the rest of the night  this is how i spent my life on saturday, march 12, 2011 "
"only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly "
"today on march 14, 2011 is the final release of microsoft internet e playful lorer 9!!!"
"when you have too much work, where do you start?"
never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain 
"it's one thing to do something in theory, but another to do it in practice "
happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
i'm gonna be so happy once this project is over and i get my grade!
i can't believe you're leaving  it's the last thing i could ever e playful ect 
the new google chrome logo is stupid!
please 
please unblock me and be my friend 
the world is a dark place full of pain and grief 
nightmare upon nightmare   what's happening to me?
i am a left brain thinker 
internet e playful lorer 9 is stupid  you can't even use it unless you have a graphics processing unit  stupid unstable buggy browser  such a disappointment 
i am a stupid idiot who fails 
i'm not good enough 
