884411c841794724d674374e6954c0e5
corruption mix 101
     must       open               v  v  violin case            
im leaving tonight (june 19) for camp for 6 weeks  dont e playful ect me to be very social on facebook for a while 
back 
is stabbing a moose with his many bows and apparently looks like an anime character 
made 225 dollars today by playing bach in the streets of downtown anchorage at the market! i am so going every week from now on 
"likes his chocolate muffin very, very much "
is going to mime his way through his recital in 2 weeks 
"i ask for a chocolate latte and they give me a mocha  i dont care if they say theyre the same thing, i want a chocolate latte!"
making ravioli 
more ravioli  yumyum
"literally did not just wake up until one in the afternoon because he was dreaming very vividly about eating a 20 dollar gourmet chocolate waffle at a fancy french restaurant  id like to go back to bed, please "
is drooling over maxim vengerov's bach chaconne   
only made 145 dollars this time playing bach   annoyed 
know math  <propmale> <propfirst> know rock climbing  <propmale> <propfirst> know chocolate  <propmale> <propfirst> not know thirds and tenths  <propmale> <propfirst> need know thirds and tenths  <propmale> <propfirst> need know thirds and tenths  <propmale> <propfirst> want shoot paganini 
ravioliravioliravioli
just got a new macbook using money that he earned while practicing in public for a couple days  i can live with this 
"got a new phone and number but when i sent out a message to 38 people saying \this is my new number\"" i forgot to put my name on the message so now i have 30+ text messages saying \""whos this?\""   im such an idiot """
must perform 13 movements of 5 different pieces in 4 and a half hours          i just want to make it through the day and still have a shred of dignity to cling to 
"played 20058 notes in a recital today (sunday): 1508 of which were paganini, 1607 of which were halvorsen, 3310 of which were mozart, 4514 of which were glazunov, and 9119 of which were bach  i think imma go bedbye now "
im at the airport!!!!!!       for 5 hours before my plane leaves          one plane out of 4           over the course of 18 hours travel time           all of a sudden im not so fond of airports 
finally at interlochen! now time for sleeping and eating and sleeping and sleeping 
now thinks that it might have been a wise decision to not sleep on top of his partially eaten chocolate bar 
"has a bowl of ice cream, brownies, cherries, whipped cream, chocolate syrup and chocolate chips in front of him thats roughly the size of a kid size soccer ball  need i say more?"
it better be time for chocolate pretty soon here or else something is going to get smashed 
"kinda wishes his bow would do what he wanted it to now and then  once every couple of days might be nice, maybe occasionally doing something with a french or italian sounding name like 'sautille' or 'saltando' or even 'pomme de terre'  it would also be helpful if his fingers would hit the same spot on the string more than once, preferably not due to accident  but i dream "
"wow  interlochen thinks my middle name is willilam  its on my id  and every piece of interlochen mail thats been addressed to me according to my parents  i knew my handwriting was pretty grotesque, but i thought i did a good job on the paperwork this year    "
has a roomate!!!!
"lost his backpack  it has all my schoolwork and supplies in it, so if you find it please please let me know  its black and has ipod control buttons on the right shoulderstrap "
found his backpack!
is eating fudge fudge fudge fudge fudgefudgefudge!!!!!!!!!
saw a deer today run ahead of me through cabutti field  it stopped and we had a staring contest 
and his chocolate muffin have become very close acquaintances very quickly 
crazy crazy accordion kid     
soooo many gummiesss    
thinks that gravity should spontaneously change direction every day  i think that would be pretty neat 
thanks for everyone who wished me happy birthday! it may take me a while to get back to everyone   
just sent in indiana and nec prescreening tapes! does anyone else get that feeling like they forgot completely about something extremely important they had to do to finish the application right after they send everything in? cause thats what i have right now and i want to smash something out of aggravation 
mission: do entire theory composition assignment for doctor boyle and do entire 12-20 <propfemale>  wescott paper (research and all) by wednesday  status: yet to begin hypothesized outcome: i shall degenerate into a boneless sleep-deprived vegetative flesh blob collecting dust mites and losing sanity on the floor of my dorm room by the end of wednesday  first priority: scotch tape my eyes open and grab the coffee 
thank god for good coffee at last  four kaladi bros coffees in one day! thats right <propfirst> you didnt get a single one 
home again!!!!
"is there anyone at all at interlochen who is going to indiana to audition feb 5th, and is driving not flying, who might be so kind as to give me a ride there? as of now i have an audition time but my travel situation has abruptly changed  annoyed    i would appreciate it greatly "
has chocolate from colombia ecuador and madagascar!!! 65 percent 
has still not heard back from eastman and is getting to be just a <propfemale> bit worried 
has still not heard back from eastman and also didnt pass juilliard prescreening and is getting to be just a medium bit worried 
has decided to not let ahtra use his computer anymore 
so much for colburn     
is going to see bso tomorrow!
its not soon enough
impatient
1:27 am and now its time for chocolate
eastmanneceastmanneceastmanneceastmannec youre going to kill me
"well, i got into eastman, now i just have to hear from nec"
into necccccccc!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"well new england conservatory of music, looks like you're going to be home sweet home for me next year!!!!!"
*sob*
is in that awful state in which he misses tons and tons and more tons of people 
coffee
chocolate chocolate cake cake chocolate chocolate cake cake           cant wait until my dad gets home so i can show him! assuming its still there    
time for another hopefully productive day of practice attempts than soon turn sour and succumb to the greater need called 'stuffing my face with objects than contain amounts of sugar that are lethal to small animals'
gravity is really convenient
kinda wishes some things had turned out differently
misses all his friends   
practice practice       
miyazaki movies ^^
"i get to tutor a fourth grader tomorrow in math  it should be interesting, since im supposed to teach him how to do basic multiplication, and my instructions are to make it 'fun and exciting' for him because he hates math   i mean, my teacher in elementary school had to bribe us with banana splits  i dont have any banana splits "
practicing + lots of carrots = no more tension
for some reason cannot play a single martelé stroke correctly and its making his day go quite sour  does anyone at all have any practice suggestions? at this point im all ears to anything 
scales make the world go round
 sad 
fettucini
"i dont think i'll ever get used to being addressed as \mr  lindsay\"""""
happy birthday griffin <propfirst>! best 6 year old brother of mine~
rain makes me think about things
"so according to my seven year old brother, whenever he makes a crude bodily noise its not his fault but <propfirst>'s  <propfirst> is invisible and lives in our pantry "
roderoderode i must learn you
need to find a blanket and chocolate and a movie
"rode no  2 down, its your turn no  8! id appreciate a little cooperation this time too "
making rhubarb pie!
"the best i could do for chocolate right now is m&ms (eeeh why not), but i def got the blanket and movie down "
on a plane    i want a smoothie
"movie and blanket but now its chocolate <propmale> grahams, not m&ms, and this time im in south hadley, massachusetts!"
i want to stay here  
chocolate hazelnut wafer thingies yummyummy
" sad (((( \   "
i want to share popcorn with someone  
i really love and really hate waking up at noon
kyles coming home
kyles home
onplanetobostononplanetobostononplanetobostononplanetoboston!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in boston
audition: donnnnne
chocolate cheesecake all gone       sad (((((((((
meeting with buswell tomorrow!!!
first buswell studio meeting!!! so nervoussssssss
i need to shoot my bowarm and buy a new one
must learn bach e <propmale> must learn it all
one of the more interesting nights ive e playful erienced here
 
this morning my hair went poof
i really should be sleeping    
haircut!
berlioz was sooo good
distracted
"normally i'm good at solving problems, why can't i do that right now?"
"hazelnut coffee at 1:10 am  i thought that i would never have to do this again     \if english classes were tangible entities i would torch them all with a flamethrower "
hazelnut coffee at 4:40 am? what happened to the past 3 and a half hours? t-t
mango mango mango
pho <propmale> time
watching paranormal activity at 3 am was definitely not one of my smarter ideas
hm  sad 
i'm sitting in the bso hall ready to hear mahler 5!!!!
i just remembered why i love tchaikovsky so much ^^
  sometimes the only effective remedy is ten minutes of khachaturian
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes!!!
"maybe at this point i should just ask one of those 8-ball fortune teller things that you shake, and hope for the best   "
"as though i didn't learn from my mistake last time, im sitting in a theatre about to see paranormal activity 2    "
glazunov no more!
my totodile just grew to level seven!!!! take that pidgey 
"new violin!! ^^ ^^\sort of"
concert done!!!
when one must write three full papers in a night one's best friend very quickly becomes a huge jar of peanut butter and a spoon   id use nutella but i ate it already  o o
nutella has been restored!!!!
"wait a second, its december now?         \                \     why is there no snow?"
"woke up at 4 pm today    --;\maybe i should stop going to bed at 5 "
feeling really overstressed   
craving for tchaikovsky piano concerto!~
wishing i had more confidence  sad 
has more confidence now smile 
starbucks     bleh  i miss kaladi brothers  sad ((
can't tell      
"id like to go on break now  sad \so confused  "
"so my dad just mailed me an entire homemade birthday cake (doesnt really matter that its late) and actually put all the frosting in a ziplock bag as well as two entire unbroken layers of chocolate coffee cake in one of those priority mail flat rate boxes with instructions on how to put the cake together  \ smile ))))))))))))"
has fallen in love with tchaikovsky 6
tchaikovsky symphony marathon! (again)
"ferrero rocher at 4 a m \^^"
"is leaving boston today and flying back to anchorage, alaska!!!"
is absolutley loving that he somehow managed to land exit row aisle seat on both of his flights home!!!!! yes!!
is finally back to his life in -17? celsius!!!
somehow managed to get an a- in my liberal arts brain class with chandler???  it's as if i didnt make it clear enough to her a month and a half ago when i told her that i wasnt planning on doing the remainder of the assignments for the semester 
making christmas dinner with family  smile 
attempting to relearn the violin!! progress is slow!!
i went rock climbing yesterday for the first time in a very very long time and now for some reason i cant really move my arms o o
apocalypse now is such a frightening movie  
misses nec so much!!!!!! but is by no means ready to go back yet  8 days to learn all 5 movements of music i was *supposed* to learn over break here i come  surprise 
making pizza and chocolate truffles
"sitting down with chocolate bar, big glass of orange juice, and a movie!!  smile "
11:11 1 11 11!!!!!!!!
leaves for boston in 8 hours!!!!
"is upset that he did not manage two exit row seats again for the flight back to boston, but is still happy he got two window seats"
in boston
is reminded why he loves nec boston so much  smile ))
woke up at a reasonable hour?? im so proud of myself
howls moving castle at 4 am is the best way to spend 4 am  smile ))
just got back from cheesecake factory after a free meal presented to me by the manager! yay for waiters waitresses who are new and screw up my order so that the restaurant compensates me the meal~
really needs something with some sort of chocolate in it very soon    
"just rewatched alien for the first time in 7 years and realized that right at the end as the credits are rolling, the interlochen theme from hanson symphony 2 starts playing???\that was one weird combination of emotions "
concert doneeeeeeeee!!!
mozart is running me over with a truck
thinks he should password protect his computer - -;
"really should not take \20 minute\"" naps that start at 4 pm and end at 11  so much for my lesson tomorrow  ?"""
my name is not <propfemale>            - -
just had the *best* chocolate desserts over at finale!!!
i love boston so much~
slammed my broken phone against my wooden bedframe in frustration  now it works again???
prokofiev melodies!!!!
"lesson in 11 hours that i havent practiced for in 5 days  annoyed       \on the bright side my sightreading has gotten so much better this year"
must wake up
where do all my socks go??!?!
"saw the <propmale> quartet play debussy quartet live o o !!!!!!\so so so good     practice time now          "
"im so glad  i have \contrapuntal awareness\"" in prokofiev   now i need to learn how to play it on my instrument for once  -_-;;;;;"""
im losing my ability to fall asleep before 4  sad (((
ok sleep schedule    please fix yourself by tomorrow morning at 9     
so apparently learning to pull my bow slowly is equivalent to the effort involved in the cultivation of rice patties?? thats what i learned today!
