8e259f32673df53fc8bede743fd03ee3
"may this new year bring: strength to those who need it, peace to those who want it, love  love  to those without it  happiness  smile  and good health to all!"
"ugh! the second night in a row that i can't sleep  which would be fine if i didn't have to work tomorrow  at least its just a short (4 hr) shift  sometimes i really wish i could just turn my mind off when going to bed, cause thats what keeping me awake "
is going to go take a nap 
"well took a 2 1 2 hour nap, had some dinner and downed an energy drink  feeling more refreshed, just hope i can sleep tonight "
how come the photos for my quiz results aren't posted?
"had a nice picnic get-together with relatives today, despite the fact that it was <propfemale> and rainy "
hopes the month of july will be a good month
"so far july has gotten off to a very rough start   sad  i'm not sure what will happen next, hopefully something better "
now i know why i avoided romantic relationships for so long  they always end badly 
"i'm glad july is almost over  it has been a rough month so far, first the breakup and then a couple of days ago we had to put our dog <propfemale> to sleep  sad    she was almost 17 years old, and had too many health problems "
1 more day of work and then i'm on vacation for 2 weeks  smile  can't wait!
"on monday were going to racine, wi to visit <propmale> and <propfemale> for a few days "
enjoying my time in racine  its actually warm and <propfemale> here (80's instead of 60's)  we ate at <propfemale> garden (my fave resturant) tonight 
"back home, which means in two short days i'll have to go back to work  vacation days always go by too fast "
wishes it would cool down more at night  even with the a c its way too humid 
"i actually had fun at the fair today, despite the rainy weather  the aussie kingdom was so neat "
time for bed 
"i feel like i'm in a better place now than i have been in the past couple of months   smile  and i'm so grateful for it, hopefully things will continue to improve "
"i'm off from work tomorrow, but lucky me i get to spend the afternoon in the dentist's office getting a root canal   sad "
tomorrow we head down to wisconsin  and on thursday sept 17th i'll be going to a fray concert!!! so excited for it!!! thanks <propfemale>   smile 
the fray concert last night was awesome!!!! i 'll get pics up when i can 
well back to the hum- drumness of everyday life 
have a happy birthday (tomorrow) <propmale> 
"i'm glad its raining out, it matches my mood "
the first snowfall of the season  i was hoping it wouldn't come until later 
r i p  <propfemale> baby dog  you would have been 17 years old (in people years) today 
is enjoying a nice hot caramel mocha latte 
going back to the curls for awhile 
"i should be sleeping, but i'm just not tired yet "
finally going to bed!
"getting a bad headache, which is odd for me, i hardly ever get them  i hope its not the start of something "
let's see how honest facebook friends are    leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting  keep it going  thanks
wishing everyone a happy and safe halloween!
can't sleep so i might as well play around on here for awhile 
heard some sad news today  sad 
i just want to send out love and prayers to all my family  we lost a really decent person today in cousin <propfirst> 
"off to bed, hoping for some sweet dreams tonight "
"is sick, lucky me i got the flu, i guess i should've gotten a flu shot "
is thankful that she's feeling much better 
hard to believe that today marks my 8th year at my current job  i am thankful that i have a job (even if sometimes i hate it )
i hope everyone has a happy and blessed thanksgiving!
"good luck to all those who will be heading out for the black friday sales and battling the crowds  i will be happily  smile  at home, snoozing in bed "
good night all!
"finished up my christmas shopping today  now comes the fun part, wrapping the presents   smile "
"just got back from seeing \the fantastic mr fox\"" it's actually a pretty good movie  clever and funny  smile """
is so glad i don't have to work tomorrow  so i can stay in and enjoy a snow day  smile 
we finally got our tree up (only partially decorated though) and i made some gingerbread cookies tonight 
<propfemale> christmas to you and yours!
doesn't like any of her profile pics right now
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting  wonder if i have 20 brave friends (or more) who will do this?
blue and turquoise
"its wayback week!!!!!! retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (or ridiculous) we all were!!!"
"(?????)? this little alien wishes to see our world, cut and paste him on your status so he can travel      he is now in lake linden, michigan"
i karate chopped my science teacher in my car because i think i need some serious help 
"\a combination of interventions is often more successful than one \"""""
"i love my mother father! for all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom dad for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! some people no longer have their mom dad here to appreciate, but we can still say thanks for their love "
<propfemale>
i want to wish my mom and dad a happy anniversary!! 37 years already  smile 
"describe me in 1 word, using the third letter of your name!!! answer mine and then copy this into your status     smile "
lol i never knew how vain i was until i got a digital camera  the self portrait feature is too easy and fun 
"hmm, well i thought the distraction of fb would make me feel better, but it just made me feel worse, gonna log off for awhile "
"keep this going     what was the #1 song on the day you were born? google the date and #1 billboard song     copy and paste with your #1 song mine was \i love a rainy night\"" by <propfirst> rabbitt"""
entertainment for the night: go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
"didn't have to work today, so i'm enjoying a nice lazy monday"
will i ever have a valentines day that doesn't suck?
"is calling it a night  hoping for some decent sleep, that will hopefully bring me some clarity about certain issues i'm dealing with right now "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile """
well all my faves on american idol this year are safe so far  so i'm happy smile 
"well i broke part of my tooth off  i was eating crunchy cereal and either swallowed the part of the tooth or spit it out  luckily it doesn't hurt  and isn't bleeding  but now i'll probably have to get another root canal and a crown put in, neither which i can afford sad "
off of work for 12 days  yay!
"finally got to the dentist today, have to get a post core to build up the tooth and then a crown, hopefully it won't hurt too much "
is anyone else having trouble getting apps to load? or is it just my computer?
aaarghh! my computer keeps punking out on me! i guess that means i have to log off 
"**breaking news** we need to send help to the following country: the united states  there are many without food, shelter, & clean drinking water  residents are going without heat for the winter, healthcare for the sick, & proper education for children  stop sending money overseas  we have people here that lack basic human needs  will you re-post this?"
"got my taxes done  it sucks! i'm hardly getting a refund at all, yet just another disadvantage of being single without kids, oh well "
"i need more neighbors! if anyone plays on cafe world, yoville, soroity life, farmville or petville please add me as a neighbor  thanks  smile "
"will be out of town for a few days, so i'll be offline "
a big thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!  laugh 
is exhausted  time for bed   surprise 
"went to the dentist today to get the post core put in for my broken tooth, i could'nt believe how much it hurt  alot more than i thought it would, so now my teeth are really sore, plus i have a headache and sore neck  called in to work today "
"think i'm gonna go take a nap, not feeling too hot  later "
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence  hancock, mi"
"my teeth feel better, but there seems to be this lingering headache and neck ache  maybe i'm just too tense or something "
"all my aches are gone, so i'm grateful for that  i think a good sleep helped "
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!
"a week from now i will be down in <propmale>, mi at the island resort casino to see <propmale> springfield live in concert! it should be fun, maybe i'll even have a litte luck with the slot machines  smile "
had a horrible day at work!!  sad  so glad i'm off tomorrow so i won't have to put up with any of that bs 
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, thay are not looking for a cure, only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for a least 1 hour  special education week march 22nd to the 26th  go on copy and paste  please"
"heading to bed  surprise  we leave tomorrow, will be gone for about 3 days  can't wait for the <propmale> springfield concert! goodnight all "
"were back home  the concert was fun, but i didn't have much luck on the slot machines though  the most i won was $10 00  smile  i'll post concert pics later "
"i'm exhausted  surprise  time for bed, till tomorrow "
back to work tomorrow   blah!
"dark,moody,restless, feeling trapped in my own skin  who knows what mysteries lurk underneath the deceptively calm surface within "
i hope everyone has a blessed easter!
"foods almost ready, better go eat  later!"
"wtf! none of my applications  games are letting me access them, is anyone else having trouble?"
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca & 17,000 in il, new jersey, & fl are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste this into your status "
"facebook friend appreciation day! if you appreciate your gaming friends for all their help & the moral support they give you, please let them know by posting this on your wall  i truly do appreciate my friends  without them, this wouldn't be nearly as much fun  i have awesome friends! thank you, each and every one!!!"
when will we have a televised event for people right here in our country??? we have children going to bed without eating      elderly going without needed medicines      mentally ill without treatment      troops without proper equipment      yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first          99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this !!!!!! will you?
"put my air conditioner in today, and changed from the heavy flannel bed sheets to the light satin sheets  all sure signs spring is here  smile "
the kitchen table
is in a pouty mood today 
"woke up with a really sore throat today, which is never a good sign usually that means i'm getting a cold  why now?"
"is feeling better, my sore throat is gone, i was finally able to get some decent sleep, and i received good news in the mail  maybe things are back on track  smile "
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again    i thought of you today, that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and the days before that too  i think of you in silence, and often speak your name  all i have is memories, and a picture in a frame  repost this if you have someone in heaven    "
time for this night owl to get some zzz's  surprise 
"according to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can !!!7 minutes ago ·"
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  most people wont, but its mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives  please show your support by copying and pasting this"
"had a trying day, am emotionally and physically exhausted  hopefully sleep will bring some clarity and tomorrow will be a brighter day "
"glad were finally getting some rain, we definitely need it  hoping it will green up the grass a bit "
"when you get to the end of all the light you know and it's time to step into the darkness of the unknown, faith is knowing that one of two things shall happen: either you will be given something solid to stand on, or you will be taught how to fly  teller, <propfirst> on faith quote from quotations book"
sooo tired  surprise  today at work was certainly a manic monday! if only i didn't have to work tomorrow 
"a great big thank you to our local \volunteer\"" fire departments for being there in a time of need today!!! post this to your status if you appreciate your local fire department!!!"""
happy mothers day!
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could speak softly in her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  pass this on if you're against domestic violence!"
yay! my 3 favorites are the top 3 on american idol! so i'll be happy with whoever wins this year 
good night! sweet dreams  till tomorrow 
"at least my work life is going well  now if only \certain\"" other aspects of my life would catch up and start being decent too  smile """
"disappointed to find out that cbs is cancellling \numb3rs\""  sad  along with \""cold case\"" and surprisingly \""ghost whisperer\""   i'll miss \""numb3rs\"" (<propfirst>  love ) the most though  good thing theres always dvd sets """
okay was there ever a doubt that <propfemale> and <propmale> would win dwts?? (i personally thought she had an unfair advantage) i was pulling for <propfirst> and <propfemale>  i hope next season the celebrities are more evenly matched 
"needs some decent sleep tonight, last night i barely got 4 hours due to this stifling heat and humidity! i have a c but it didn't help much "
thank god for the cool breezes today! was actually able to get about 7-8 hours sleep 
"yay for lee!!! love  the new american idol  smile  both he and <propfemale> will have good success  the finale was kinda dumb  way too much <propmale> tribute and too many \classic\"" performers """
"every day i go to work and put on a happy face, so on the surface everything seems fine, but inside i feel so lost and empty  almost like i'm drowning and have no one to help save me  and i don't have the strength to save myself anymore  sad "
"? who decides, who holds the knife  and gets to shape the soul inside? ? \\- <propfemale> dente (stranger in my skin)"
"guess i better get some sleep, going to marquette tomorrow  smile "
"just got back from marquette about an hour ago, it was a good trip, despite the rain  got some good deals from kohls, i saved more than i spent! hit target too of course  ate out at big boy and now i have to work for the next 4 days "
there are many complaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow  the report shows that facebook has a number of nonactive members  we want to send this message to see whether you're active or not  if you don't post this message within 2 weeks   you'll be removed in order to get more             space  post this on your wall that you are s   till active 
yay! i received my ghostwriter season 1 d v d in the mail today! i'm been waiting for that to come out on d v d forever  smile  i know i'm a total dork   lol
"well after i tossed and turned for about a hour and a half last night , i finally fell asleep and had a pretty interesting dream  supposedly, april 15 2012 is going to be a prominent date in my future  we'll see   "
it feels so nice to be able to catch up on all the sleep i'm been lacking lately  i definitely needed it 
happy father's day to my wonderful dad! and to all the other fathers out there  smile 
"well at least the first (official) day of summer is warm, almost humid around 70"
"i can't believe i just slept for 11 hours! thats crazy! i meant to get up earlier, i guess i needed it?"
"\criminal minds\"" marathon  smile  all right! perfect way to spend a rainy afternoon """
"has a jam-packed july! 4th of july this weekend, chassell strawberry festival next weekend, then i get a rest on the third weekend, and finally the fourth weekend is our family reunion! at least they're all good  smile  things "
better get some sleep  surprise  after all i want to be awake for the parade tomorrow  good night everyone 
happy (early) independence day everyone!
"it's officially summer now, got my first sunburn of the season  smile "
"it's too damn hot!!! i can't get any decent sleep in this heat, which means i will be super cranky at work tomorrow  sad   i don't mind if it's hot in the daytime, i just wish it would cool down at night "
"finally got some deep, much needed sleep  smile "
"the chassell strawberry fest was good  great weather, warm but not humid  enjoyed bbq chicken, french fries, ice cream and of course the most important    strawberry shortcake! then took a dip in the lake and am now home "
has a case of the monday blahs  sad 
"broken relationships do make you stronger, it just doesn't seem like it when the wound is still too fresh  i'm glad to say i am stronger, even though a year ago it seemed like it would never heal   "
"i was never a huge fan of m&m's , but now i am totally addicted to the pretzel m&m's  smile "
good night all!
"family reunion tomorrow! should be fun! and for the relatives who couldn't make it, know that you will be missed  you'll be there in heart  love  and spirit * though "
"it was a great day for the reunion! perfect weather, tons of food  i got to see relatives i haven't seen in awhile and meet some new ones  went on a pontoon boat ride, did some swimming  all in all a good day  smile "
"well i'm gonna be a total wreck at work tomorrow, since i can't sleep  i feel like i have a heavy heart tonight  sad  too many things, thoughts and memories i'm trying to hold on to  things that have no purpose in my life anymore "
"but what's the since of letting go of someone if there's never going to be someone else to replace them with \i'm not talking about family and friends that get taken away from you une playful ectedly or unfairly  but people who at one point came into your life for whatever reason and left far too soon (metaphorically , not literally) afterwards "
"has anyone seen the movie \sunshine of the spotless mind\""? its about being able to delete all the memories (good and bad) that you had of a relationship  you don't know how many times i wish i could do that \",8e259f32673df53fc8bede743fd03ee3,every time i look around i see people that have someone to hold and love and then i think to myself will i ever have someone for me to love and to hold
"wonders how come whenever i have a short shift at work i can sleep fine, but then when i have a full shift( like tomorrow) i can't sleep at all! so damn frustrating!!"
"well made it through the work day  so glad they put me on the self-checkouts, i would've been totally exhausted if i was on a regular register  off for 2 days!! hope i can catch up on sleep "
so who went out to vote today? i certainly didn't!
"made it home thankfully  i got done at work right a 6pm, which was when they were supposed to work on the bridge  i was worried i'd be stuck in houghton, but they were letting cars go across "
   like a drifter i was born to walk alone   
ugh   i have a sore throat that just won't go away 
will be offline for the next few days  so if i don't answer requests that's why  smile 
  is back home  on tues  10th we went to the deyoung family zoo (post pics later)! then we stayed in marquette for a couple of days   smile 
wishes it would rain again  it cooled it down so nicely earlier 
"to all non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets: 1 they live here  you dont  2  if you dont want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3  i like my pets more than i like most people  4 to you, they are  animals  to me,   they are my young'uns who are short, hairy, walk on all fours & don't speak clearly  re-post if you love your pets!"
"a firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this: firefighters all over the world are saving lives  it's firefighter appreciation week    repost if you are a firefighter, love a firefighter or appreciate a firefighter!!"
cafe world won't load!  sad 
time for bed  heading out to our camp cottage in bootjack tomorrow for a couple of days  smile  sweet dreams 
ick  sad  the dwts cast this season sucks big time! bristol palin? 2 dumb reality stars and all the guys are old (except for <propfirst> massey who's too young)  what happened to having sexier guys on the show (other than the male dancers)  won't be watching it this season 
"farmvilleappreciation day!if you appreciate \your farmville friends forall the help they give you      then let them \know by posting this on your wall i truly do appreciate my friends     \without them i wouldn't have alovely farm      so, thank you neighbors"
will be so glad when this heat wave dies down  last night i had my a c on full blast plus 2 fans just to be comfortable enough to sleep  hot weather and i are not good companions  smile 
does anybody know how to upload photos from a cell phone onto facebook? do you need a special usb adapter or something?
"i've been having some troubling dreams lately, they're not scary ones or sad ones, just anxiety causing  when i go to sleep today i really hope that if i have any dreams that they're good ones "
is off to bed to attempt sleep 
"looks like the agt finale will actually be good this year  can't wait to see the duet of <propfirst> and <propfirst> grimm!! plus the goo goo dolls are perfoming too  as for the winner? <propfirst> grimm is the winner in my book, whether he actually wins or not  smile "
"yaay!! <propfirst> grimm won agt!!! i liked him from his first audition, so glad he won  laugh "
"brothers week: if you have a brother who has made you laugh  pulled \your hair  stuck up for you  drove you crazy  hugged you  watched you \succeed  saw you fall  picked you back up  cheered you on  made you \strong  can't do without  copy and paste this in your status   smile "
can't believe it's 4 smile 0 am already! i better head to bed  surprise  at least i'm off work tomorrow 
ok this rain can stop any time now 
"blah, wish i didn't have to work tomorrow 10 smile 0am to 7 surprise 0 pm  sad  it's gonna be a long day "
"woke up this morning just feeling awful, stuffy nose, sore throat, achy and so exhausted i could barely get out of bed  ended up calling in to work  i'm already skating on thin ice with absences at work, so i may need to start looking for a new job "
"i'm feeling really frustrated with life right now, and i don't  what to do to change it, especially since it's mostly stuff i have no control over "
"is going to bed now, hopefully my dreams will cancel out the reality of what people call a life  sad "
i like it on the kitchen table or chair 
"i have 4 birthday wishes for people today  first of all to my dad, he's reached a milestone birthday today smile  then to my wonderful sis-in-law <propfemale>  also to my friend <propfemale> m  and finally my uncle <propfirst> (he's not on facebook, but still)  happy bday to you all  hope i did'nt miss anybody lol "
is going to take a warm shower before heading to bed  good night all! sweet dreams!
"if you have a dog who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, has forgiven your faults and loved you anyway, make this your status  dogs are a gift  repost this if you have or have had an amazing dog!"
"cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends      re-post this if you ever had a cousin, or two, or more that you can count on that made you smile     even though i don't see you often, love you all  "
time for bed  so glad i don't have to work tomorrow  night all  surprise 
for some reason facebook won't let me do any posts on the games  it's frustrating!
"just a notice to all my cafe world,farmville, frontierville friends etc , i am currently unable to send any gifts, our internet e playful lorer is messed up and when i try to send gifts, the drop-down menu of names will not show up!!! so if you send me a gift and i don't return the favor thats why "
"yay! i was able to fix the problem with the internet e playful lorer, so i can now post stuff and send gifts again  smile "
i have such wonderful parents! today they surprised me with a brand new mattress  i was definitely in need of one  my old mattress was pretty bad with springs coming through and stuff  thanks mom and dad!  smile 
happy halloween! hopefully everyone gets more treats than tricks  smile 
tiredness in setting in  surprise  good night! see ya tomorrow 
hopes to sleep soundly and have sweet dreams  night!
"is sick and tired of getting my hopes up, just to have them come crashing down  i give up, there will never be a match for me  sad "
well at least i got some decent sleep 
 surprise  gosh i'm more tired than i thought i would be  time for bed i guess  night all 
"it's too cold! i hate this freezing wind, my house is like an icebox "
"9 years already, hard to believe it "
wishing my family and friends a happy thanksgiving!
to all the black friday shoppers: be careful out there! try not to be too rude  and if you're up here dress warmly! it's icy cold outside  good luck 
sooo tired  surprise  early bedtime for me tonight i think 
"aah! farmville is driving me nuts! it loads once and i can play it, then it says to refresh the <propfemale>, i do, and then it won't load  sad "
back to work tomorrow 'blah'
"heading to bed, hopefully i'll have some good dreams tonight "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until december 6, monday, thereshould be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of fond, happymemories to raise awareness for violence against children"
glad to be home after a miserable day at work! off for 2 days now  smile 
attention: the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with any child charities  it's on tonights news        copy & paste this on to your status -let everyone know  change ur pic back to what it was asap    
just made some human puppy chow (a k a chex muddie buddies)  one of my favorite treats around this time of year  smile 
we got our christmas tree up and decorated!
"will be perfectly content, snowbound at home, for the next 2 days "
just finished making some peanut butter <propfemale> cookies! yum smile 
had a great mother-daughter day with my mom  we got our hair cut and styled by the awesome <propfemale> hendrickson (of tangles salon)! then did a little christmas shopping and ate dinner at ginos  smile 
"had kind of a lousy day today  logging off, hope tomorrow is a better day "
happy christmas and <propfemale> holidays to all !  wink 
used my frappe maker for the first time today! enjoying a spiced chai frappe  yum  smile 
"i for one will be so glad when this year is over with  except for a handful of bright spots along the way, overall 2010 has been a tough and rather lonely year for me  2011 will be better, or else!!"
"happy new year! 2011 will be a even better year, i hope "
yay! season 4 of boy meets world is finally being released on d v d!! i've been waiting forever for them to release it  just ordered it off amazon com  smile 
guess it's time for bed 
"it's said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship these types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live  and, they don't hold grudges they understand that life is busy, but you will always love them     re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends "
wishes i could just hibernate this winter away 
"grrr, none of the games are loading properly! logging off, i'll try again later "
"bed is calling, night all  surprise , hoping for sweet dreams "
"pisces for life! whether you follow the new version or the old version of astrology, i'm still a pisces, it starts on march 11th  besides supposedly it's only for people born after 2009!"
"getting married, having a baby, moving, job transfers, etc  are not reasons for abandoning your pet--they are excuses  pets are a lifetime commitment the same as children are a lifetime commitment  we don't get rid of children for these kinds of excuses       we adjust our lives  our pets deserve the same level of devotion  post this if you're 100% agree!"
"please put this as your status for at least one hour if you, or someone you know has or had, an invisible illness (crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, fibromylagia, ms, copd, lupus, diabetes)  my one wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  do it for all who have an invisible illness    it's a daily struggle!! thanks"
"asking if everyone could please put this as you status for just one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  pray that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it in honor for all of them! cure all cancers, god bless you and your family!!!!!"
series finale of medium tonight  sad  every year one of the shows i like end  thankfully there are always dvd sets 
"i came, i saw, i posted, now i'm going to bed  sweet dreams!"
off work for 3 days! yay!!
" \\___ \\ put this cat on\(>0_0<)your profile to show that your are\(\)___(\"")against animal cruelty\",8e259f32673df53fc8bede743fd03ee3,night all  surprise 
"night, sleep tight "
"i really, really, really hate this wind!!!"
"had a a long, rough day at work! now trying to relax and unwind and get rid of all the tension i'm feeling "
blueberry and strawberry 
frustrated and fed up!! is how i feel right now  gonna log off for awhile 
it really sucks having to work every weekend!
so the dancing with the stars cast sucks again!! the only one even remotely interesting is <propmale> macchio  one less show to watch at least 
logging off for the night  have to work tomorrow 
my eyes are having trouble staying open  guess it's time for bed  night all  surprise 
"just checked my friends list, looks like someone else deleted me  sad  oh well "
"i think my cat is jealous of the computer  whenever i go on it, she starts acting up, meowing and everything  lol"
good night all! till tomorrow 
happy 4th anniversary to my brother <propmale> and sis-in-law <propfemale>!
kanoshikita takitozuka= april linja
time to do the 'sleeping beauty' thing  sweet dreams  see ya'll tomorrow 
heading out to <propmale>'s for my birthday dinner here soon  thanks so much to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
"had a very nice b-day  spent time with family, ate way too much good food  smile now heading to sleep (early) so i'll have energy for shopping tomorrow in marquette \thanks again to those who acknowledged my b-day, i really appreciate it   see ya soon "
"(¯`v´¯)\`· ¸ ·´\¸ ·´¸ ·´¨) ¸ ·¨)\(¸ ·´ this balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the japanese earthquake & tsunami  please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time  ?"
the one you just called fat? she has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs  the one you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? they are abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  repost if you're against bullying 
night!  surprise 
back to work tomorrow  at least it's payday  smile 
happy st  patricks day! hope everyone has a little extra luck today  smile 
too tired surprise  must go to bed  night all  
"who says facebook friends aren't real friends ? they enjoy seeing you on line everyday, miss you when you are not there, send condolences if you've lost someone, give you wishes on your birthday, enjoy the photos and videos you post, put a smile on your face when you're down, make you laugh when you feel like crying  re-post if you love your facebook friends  i love mine!"
emotionally and physically exhausted!  sad  hoping sleep will help 
"well the only bad (annoying) thing about my laptop is for some reason, it won't let me sync my ipod files  i even tried the click-and-drag thing and it still wouldn't do it "
bed time  surprise 
sometimes i get so freakin' tired about always having to be the nice one > sad 
"guess its a good thing i'm off the next couple of days, since i have a horrible sore throat starting  been taking zicam every few hours, don't know if its working  ugh, i cannot afford to get sick!"
"well the good news is, i no longer have a sore throat, the bad news is that it progressed into a really bad cold   ugh! i've already gone through a box and a half of tissues  sad "
so relieved <propfirst> was safe on <propfemale>! i feel bad that they got rid of 2 girls again though 
time for me to head to bed  hope i feel better tomorrow  good night 
"well i'm feeling somewhat better  can actually smell and taste things again, hopefully this means my cold is on it's way out of my system "
finally got my taxes done! i procrastinated big time this year   but at least i get  refunds and don't have to pay in at all   smile 
