45c6f2c3e7650f271188a39a1e15ec15
i needs someone to take me to get my stuff doen lol
hope shes ok
there is a road in the hearts of all of us  hidden and seldom traveled  which leads to an unkown and secret place 
is tired of everything and needs a break from it all
"16 as of 4:22 a m  , lol cool"
"avatar, best movie ive ever seen, nothing even comes close to seeing it, lol got to see it in i <propmale> 3d  laugh  was amazing"
's guardian angel is on stress leave   
"doesnt agree but doesnt have the right to say anything, so he wont"
sometimes the hero dies in the end
"wrap me in a bolt of lightning send me on my way still smiling maybe that's the way i should go, straight into the mouth of the unknown"
"saw the new wolfman movie today, was best i think ive ever seen haha beats avatar in my book"
"\and so the prodigal son returns\"""""
"\be still thy beating heart   \"""""
"si vis pacem, para bellum "
even a man who is pure in heartand says his prayers by nightmay become a wolf when the wolfbane bloomsand the autumn <propfemale> is bright 
"si vis pacem, para bellum "
"my honored brethren, we come together to unite as one against those that are damned, we show no mercy for we have none  our enemys shall fall, as we uprise to claim our fate, now and forever we'll be together  we love and hate "
men dont faint we take unintended decisive naps 
jus' like a kipper!
"by <propfirst>, we've doen it! pull the hatch forward! what year is it good sir?"
upstaged by a wiley-ass hippie 
aww wake up and throw up at 2 a m  really? and who pukes red vomit and outa their nose? welp apparently i do!
"just got done watchin halloween 2 by <propmale> zombie, hands down best horror movie ever, lol my mom wanted to watch it too and at oen part she didnt jump but tipped over roflmao"
"inside everyone of us there exists a darkside  most rise above it, but some are consumed by it   "
nooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!! khaki shorts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh
if you wanna <propfemale> out before i go to cali lemme know
"got a new brother in law today, coool  happy\ for you guys  smile  both happiness and love wished for your family"
"and it's just like the ocean,under the moonit's the same \as the emotion that i get from you,you got the kinda lovin' that can\ be so smooth, yeahgimme your heart,make it real,or else \forget about it"
"\fuck it im gonan make it so we can shit rainbows and sneeze bunnies   \"" rofl that was a nice conversation hahaha"""
"~sigh~ gotta love popping off a headshot and seeing the dudes head literally e playful lode, always brigns a tear to my eye  annoyed )"""
ah just got back from a week long disneyland trip  was really nice to have some aloen time with my grandparents and cousin ^ ^
if you tied up and beat your inner child  would it be self mutilation or child abuse?
"lol ive been up all night damn was jsut hanging out and was like what light is on, why is it so bright in the living room and looked out the window and saw the sun rising lol"
i swear if its not one thing its another
rejoice!!! for very bad things are about to happen 
"\you thought you were standing beside me  you were only in my way  you're wrong if you think that i'll be just like you  you thought you were ther to guide me  you were only in my way  you're wrong if you think that i'll be just like you \"""""
"got cell today, finally  playful  lol anyway you want my number let me know"
sunday night bitches! ill be back hahaha
im home!!!!!  laugh 
chinese food!!!!!
got a zombie backpack hoodie today lol freaking awesome  laugh 
day after tomorrow  damn that came way to fast ):
phones off for the night lol doubt anyone was gonna txt me anyway  playful 
"\they do not see what lies ahead when sun is faded and <propfemale> is dead\"""""
"\i am the lucid dream  the monster in your nightmares  the fiend of a thousand faces  cower before my true form! bow down before the god of death!\"" haha gotta love the villains ^ ^"""
im back!!!!!
"my arms feel like jelly, haha, but thats what happens when you play lightning reaction on level four and no one else is there to partake in the nerve frying!!!  laugh "
crazy how ppl think farmers are a bunch of hicks and unintelligent yet that dude brought up serious points that truly got me thinking 
woot for creative writing and economics haha
"\this is a sparkler!!!!\"" roflmao"""
"been in class a total of four  days now, first day of econ we had a sub 2nd day she was there and 3rd we had a test, t t one day to learn the stuff on the test, yesturday get test results, haha i got highest grade in the class  laugh "
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee                laugh 
"eeerrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i absolutely hate it when you have a cold and blow your nose, jsut to have it be stuffed up as soon as your done!!!!!! dx<"
"what is with girls and only ever being able to talk about themselves? never once do they ask, how are you or what your up to  or if they do an imediate change of subject back to them  bleh lack of interest eh?"
lol i should become a swedish chef roflmao
"good night, comparing girls and relationships to fishing"
lol my writing was compared to putting a stick of dynamite in a barrel of fish and blowing them up  roflmfao no better compliment to me  laugh 
im thinking i may want to be a writer 
"everytime i think im closeto ending a part, i get a new idea and it just keeps building up, lol this story has becoem a lot more than intended"
seriously pissed off 
ugh im tired of all this shit 
"prolly sounds stupid but its almsot hard doing this <propmale> piece, not hard doing the work, but emotionally challenging prolly sounds lame"
"\do you dream while you sleep or is it an escape from the horrors of reality?\"""""
"just thought a thought, but the thought i thought i thought wasn't the thought i thought!"
"you don't know  you don't understand  i am completely empty inside except for anger, self-hatred, and intense pain  you can't fix me  i can't just \cheer up!\"""""
"well off to see what horrors and nightmares lie ahead, which twist and snap the sanity of the mind, sights and sound heart stopping and bone chilling, my dreams   "
gremlins ^ ^
"well, end of the block  passed all my classes really well, enjoyed all of them and the teachers  laugh  environmental science: b creative writing: a general art: b consumer economics: b haha i mainly b's but passed em all with high grades  laugh "
im tired of being sick dx its pissing me off!
i swear some people need to juut get over themselves 
"\i'll show you how to float down here  they all float down here   \"""""
won 4 awards tonight! woot! rofl
"\the more you live the faster you will die \"""""
"its been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live & they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy & you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are "
