53ab47749e8048d647b6b4ae5fcac3c1
i am chunkylicious   which would describe me being an eatoholic!
now begins the end of existence 
thank you darling for being so awesome!
its time to forget and live
i just love the smell of pine trees in the morning!!!
i will fly across the sky  i will leave it all behind
everything i've done i've done for you 
your eyes can be so cruel  just as i can be so cruel
"school stuff can be so stressful, but it needs to be done"
once upon a time         
please and thank you
outside there's a boxcar waiting 
so i am waiting for this test to end 
so many lifeless empty hands 
don't ask me to rise
cheers to the   the     yea that
that's it  i quit 
things just        game fa\\ce time 
breathe in  breathe out  it really works!
what a fantastic time for a fantastic time
i am hanging with <propfirst>!!! in my room alone!  surprise 
"unlike anything you can see, please high five the future"
dun ah ah ah dun ah ah ah  peek a boo mushoooooo!
k-razy = something you have never encountered; something one has never felt; something one does not understand; also known as kendi
ha  and so starts this project motion 
incense is wonderous!
day of nothing but sunburns and headaches
there was a time when you let me know what was going on below 
don't forget to <propmale> the morning
sheeesh
is there any cure for a mind that is totaly confused and is moving at the speed of light?
"every time i start reading, i fall asleep  who invented reading anyways?"
it's just not supposed to be this way 
it is not supposed to happen this way 
"if it is the beginning of the end, and tomorrow is a new day, then why does tonight have to be so dang out of place "
beauty is only skin deep  cows only drink water  bread goes into a toaster  and my mind quit working this morning 
i have realized that i am a nervous eater  i can eat and eat and eat and eat and cannot stop when something is on my mind  nooooo!!!
i guess it is time for rain drops and snooze buttons 
you know who you are: why do you insist on leaving?
come inside and have a nice cup of tea 
wow! totally une playful ected and it just hit me like a bullet in the chest!
cha cha cha chachugga chachugga!
"i wish you didn't have to go home  i wish you could stay  if just for a day  and when you have left, we will be both be alone  won't be closer than over the phone  and the worst part of it is i don't know when i'll see you again "
who will love me for me? not for what i have done or what i will become? because no one has shown me what love really means 
too many classes and not enough credits!!!
yippeeety yackity bick back and the tic tacs 
oh poppycock 
oh nooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
"sometimes eating is a good thing, but most times it just makes things worse  well, over eating  does!"
cha cha cha cha cha cha cha changes!
o saviour of the day  patron of my funeral  raise the endless tomorrow
bubb--bubb--bubb----bubbba gump shrimp!
the best kind of prize is a surprise!
keep the change you filthy animal!
i sing  you sing  we all sing the new song!
tell the other bears what you just saw 
let it begin  let it begin!!!
but he had strength and i had none  and yet we both reached for the gun 
blah blah blah blah
won't find anyone as crazy as me!
light me up put me on top let's fa la la la la la la la la
light me up put me on top  let's fa la la la la la la la la
now what?
"there are moments when i do not know if it is real, or if anyone feels the way i feel  i need inspiration "
this is it  how come it never evolves? if it never does then it can never become 
gosh  can it get any worser>
time to figure out what's what in my life 
one true fact: screw it 
down   down   down   and let me guess::: down again
pick the flower now before the <propmale> is past 
i have decided to take dance this semester  i am rather psyched about this decision  now to get back to tucson and the rec center and finalize it!
i am all signed up for dance! i cannot wait for the semester to begin 
thank you  come again 
cheers to   to  to  i am speechless  thank you life!
find the music that feeds your soul and watch the magic happen 
my <propfemale> has reached its end  tell me or i'll      
notre dame = our lady  talk about sweet disposition 
you know the feeling you get when something happens   i get it everyday!!!
indoor plumbing   it's gonna be big@
is wonder boy here for real?
i just can't stop thinking about what could've been and what should've been
"\yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  but today is a gift  that is why it is called the present  \"""""
there is nothing like a glass of cold soy milk to help me go through all my itunes music!
fair is fair  i study and work hard all the time and you reap the benefits 
all i need is the air i breath
"i have to write a 7 <propfemale> paper, read 40pgs, study for a test, practice my music, do my theory work, work out everyday, go to school and do my piano hw all before thursday!!!! let it begin!"
i did not finish my  work  i do not care anymore 
badda bing badda boom  badda boom!
smile those <propfemale> whites  smile     playful     wink 
let's all just eat  talk a little bit   eat a little more   laugh   eat some more!
did you know: the absence of obvious repetition in schoenberg's music-nothing is allowed to become familiar- places unprecedented demands on the listener?
"unlike the most books, the complete musician is an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis and listening   surprise "
never put icy hot on after a shower  it burns!!!!
peanut butter   eat that and you will store enough fat for the winter!
the journey of a thousand <propmale> begins with one step  but the quest of today begins with tomorrow! let it begin!
adios  ciao  au revoir  auf wiedersehen  i am finished  i am done  goodbye
"things you do are stupid  you do them and you know they are stupid, but you do them anyways  then you just get to live with it for the rest of your life    meow "
this time baby i will be bulletproof
it is time for a new time  i am ready for a re-birth 
you want my soul? take it all
"a s a p = act swiftly, awesome pachyderm"
"what have i been thinking for the past 1 5 months? ---cross patch away  leave me i pray  if i am hungry i'll never say so, will not give way so, <propmale> it away so  cross patch, cross patch, what is the use? growling and grumbling full of abuse, off with you, out with you, shame on you goose!"
perhaps my end shall become my reality 
"i am a pretty little dutch girl, as pretty as i can be  and all the boys in the neighborhood are crazy over me!"
"little girls are made of sugar, spice and everything nice!\little boys are made of ships and snails and puppy dog tails!"
"smiling girls, <propfemale> boys, come and buy my little toys: monkeys made of gingerbread and sugar horses painted red!"
once upon a time there was a magical place where it never rained  the end 
if it is not now then it will never be 
eat pray love
let's savor every moment of this 
hello to you   and you   and you  oh of course you too!
"this is good day, good week, better month, and great year!"
in a state of x-treme desperation! this could turn ugly real fast 
once upon a time   the end 
"always changing, rearranging and changing "
crazy hair day everyday!
step away from the water!
5-6-4-3-2 no way  no way 
btgf  and now you know
everyday i see you  everyday i cry inside knowing that you and i will never share a moments embrace   fate you laugh at me  meow 
"so a catholic, an atheist and a mormon walk into a bar       "
be what you want to be by being what you want to become 
"i dont know what you've done to me but i know this much is true \i want to do bad things with you "
i am officially in love with gabe sargeant ! coolest girl ever!
and this is it  cheers to me 
i like it with you watching 
here's to you  here's to this  bottoms up  ;p
"just a quick note to the public  i am limiting my phone usage  so if you ever need to get a hold of me, good luck to you! hugs and kisses and goodbye mio telefonino!"
what's on my mind? hmmm          
"you're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away    "
we drunk so let me be your alcohol hero   
"\   if i'm not pure at least my jewels are  \""  smile """
i am done   d  o  n  e    done
"you dont know me anymore  i am not the person that i was before  i feel alive, but i am ready to die  i am a beautiful tragedy"
goodbye tucson  hello to the open highway
"to me, good health  to you, better health  to her   we can get back to that later "
eustace   muriel    doggy    ahhhhh
cookie #4  this could end very badly 
"and we all went tumbling down, to the ground   "
maybe the reason all the doors are closed is so i can open one to the perfect road?
chicks give you fever 
and it is aiming right at me 
how can we start to tackle the problem if you do not admit that you are on it?   annoyed 
wow  wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow  that was fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun        if you are into that kind of thing thing thing thing thing thing  i guess  save me 
what's on your mind?
"what other majors are there, interesting and fun, compared to music?"
day of finals and then it is party hearty!!!!
gooooood morning tucson! ha ha ha ha  laugh 
hey everyone  tis the season  ho ho hoe 
i have a castle on a cloud and it is smooth 
guess what everyone? soar high or go back home 
can you go a long time with me?
nothing to do for the next few weeks  boredom will soon consume me  yikes  tear   sad 
drink thirsty and  raise your glasses in the air
"on my list to do this christmas: a glass or 5 of \real\"" egg nogg  cheers to you <propfemale> clawwwwwzzzzzz """
"i am here, but not really  i heart this very much "
seriously? yes  truly? of course  honestly? duh  for real?       
i am in complete shock with the black swan  i am going to see it again  best movie of the year alongside inception 
rain rain rain  i love the rain 
status: available
and that is how the cookie crumbles 
"\ sorry cookie  i never said i was a role model \""    good times """
news flash:::::: big boobs do float   if they are real!
