8e4afec642b26a2785ca589cf8ac28ef
"had my second day of blue horizon today  we also discussed about how to pay for the disney land trip today in choir as well and as always, i'm excited to go!"
"still waiting for any word from wal-mart about my application to their store  thinking i should just try mcdonalds, burger <propmale>, and subway again or just apply at khols "
is excited about japanese club tomorrow 
"had my first day of japanese club today, was also elected as secretary"
"i'm excited for this year's choir disney trip  gotta get a job to help raise the money needed for the trip but still, i'm riveted with anticipation!!!"
"2nd day of japanese club today, wooohoooo! this is going to be gooooood!!!"
"feelin' a little bit tired, see ya'll tomorrow!"
still feels a little bummed from what happened yesterday at the pep dance  the fact that my friend's mother had to go to the hospital still saddens me   sad 
"felt like i had a cold today, but all i had was minor symptoms but still, it's just like what they say \getting sick is a pain in the butt \"""""
"intense game of ultimate frisbee during lunch today  i actually did pretty good, because usually i am lucky enough to catch 1, but today, i caught 3!  smile "
"i never thought, they would make a cirque du freak movie until now!"
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me  when finished, paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
"sometimes i don't get my cat halo  what do i look like to her, a walking pin cushion?"
"well, it's finally happened  my parents are going to get a divorce  i know there's nothing they can do about it but still, it freaking sucks and it's got me pissed off  i realize that they have to do this     i don't know what to do  i don't hate my parents for this in fact, i know they need this  i'm just going to have to get it through my head "
"well, my sister's prediction has come true, including mine  playful , it's snowing at my house!!!!!!!!!!!"
"best movie ever has to be the postman, every single time i see the ending of that movie, i always cry and i don't know why! lol  playful "
"okay, so today in japanese club we did a little <propmale> thing on how to draw manga (japanese c<propmale>oons) and i made a very awesome drawing and it was my first time as well! if anyone wants to see it, it'll be on my profile <propfemale> as soon as i am able to put it on there "
"omg, so i'm watching 2 and a half men and right now i see <propfirst> clarke <propmale> on it  this is a once in a lifetime event!"
"alright so i'm really laughing right now  my cat halo everyday does something funny  today, she claws one of my moms chairs (which she hates, the clawing i mean lol) and everytime she claws and then shoots off back in my room  somehow i think she was at one time herself in the past a vigilante or something because she's doing hit and run tactics lol"
"*sigh* moment of truth monday  go back down to seattle to select my job for the navy, only bad side is    i have to be at the recruiting center by 4 smile 0 in the morning "
"alright, so i'm a little pissed about are whole criminal system  what i don't get is why is it so hard to waste a bullet on the criminals who deserve it? this includes people charged with man slaughter, etc , basically the crimes that deserve it  i just don't get it   sad "
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this   i did will you ???"
saw the funniest thing on pawn stars  chumlee testing out a double barrel musket w  a flip out bayonet yelling a battle cry at the top of his lungs while charging at a target  funniest thing was they played it in slow motion! lol
"if you & i woke up in jail together    using only 4 words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
"feels like there's lead weights attached to my legs  gah, strength training in the morining "
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictinary says about your name in the first comment 
"lol, okay so i saw something very funny and sad  a movie preview of the live action movie of the anime series avatar: the last airbender  too funny"
"okay, so yesterday i was reading a book i borrowed from the library, patient zero, and now i'm afraid of what could happen in the future with terrorism  the fact that the terrorists in this book used chemical warfare to the point where they can now create zombies just from using priom diseases, an example of which is mad cow disease, really gets me thinking of what terrorists can do in actuality anytime soon "
finally got my tattoo today! the fact that it looks so cool completely nullifies the fact that it hurt like hell!  joyful 
"important message     please help fight these scams! mafia wars and farmville friends, please stop joining groups, they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook, you will not get anything free  zynga, mafia wars and farmville has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams  please copy and repost so we can stop it "
"click \like\"" if i've ever made you smile in your life  make this your status and see how many people you have made smile   smile """
"i hate being sick, especially on the day of the choir concert  annoyed "
"okay, so me and my dad were hanging out at one of his friend's house and while i was taking a little nap, <propfirst> decided as a practical joke placed shaving cream on my hair  the instance it touched my hair, i was up  it was funny!"
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, here's a task for you   i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  fun to read some history ?"
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smart <propmale> 
"lol my cat is weird  right now, she is trying to be comfortable in my lap while i also have the laptop"
"wooooooooo! last choir concert went great! god am i going to miss all my choir friends who are graduating this year  anyways, great job everyone! let's keep it up next year! and good luck to all the seniors!"
"woooo! at long last, i have finally passed the math exam! 404 score (level 3, proficient)  eat your heart out wasl!"
*sigh* what a great fourth of july yesterday  and the best way to celebrate it: shooting off box after box of shotgun shells and hit <propmale> pigeons  we must have went through 200-300 dollars worth of ammo lol 
"black = i hate you  pink = i like you  purple = iwould date you blue= i did love you red= i do love you         orange =i like talking to you  white = i really care about you   silver = we'reclose   green = you're cute yellow = i couldn't    live without you   ~set this as your status    , and see what colors you get "
"it's surprising that the book pillars of the earth would turn out to be a great book to read  whats more surprising is that now it's becoming an 8 part series on starz, i'm looking forward to seeing how good it is"
"went to see despicable me today, very awesome movie, though one of the previews of the upcoming movies baffles me, they are coming out with a smurfs movie, live action computer animations, like transformers or shrek"
"hates this freakin recession  tried almost every single place in sedro, burlington and mount <propfirst> that i can think of, and no response back "
"yes! just got back from an interview at <propmale>, and they'll basically be doing the background check on me  after 5 days, they'll call me back up and bingo! i'll have my job "
"so i saw something funny on the news  they reported the slowest police <propmale> ever  a guy stole a motorized cart from a grocery store and tried to get away with it, sadly, the police caught up with him, as he was going only 1 m p h  my dad said that they could've just walked up to the person and grabbed him "
is excited about tomorrow  just got a call from <propmale> today  i will be going to an orientation there at 11  meaning: i now have a job!! hurray for me!!  joyful 
"had an awesome day yesterday  saw salt with my mom, ate at outback steakhouse, and heard stuck in the middle with you from reservoir dogs "
woooooo!!!! i'm excited today!! i'm going to work tomorrow morning at <propmale>! my first day awaits!  joyful 
"had my first day of work today, feeling very tired  *sigh*"
"so i've found another way to use the old saying about life being a box of chocolates  \being a stock room employee at <propmale> is like a box of chocolates  you never know what you're going to get\"" lol"""
got my first paycheck from work today  so excited
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me smile "
"well, just came back from woolley idol  though i didn't make it past the first round again, i did much better this year than the past years "
"well, came back from the m e p s center yesterday, got a 59 on my asvab, and from what the medical examiner said, i am qualified for the navy  so, i am now happy "
thanks everyone!  smile 
"march 2nd, so currently, i have 4 months and 24 days till i'm shipped for bootcamp  go navy!!!!  joyful "
