d0c13666134e46fd7ded648bc306ad54
just got this thing set up
happy 4th everyone  smile  hope it was a good one
"i was just wondering did anyone else notice that at graduation i went the wrong way off stage? i took a detour through the back, typical <propmale>, always gotta be difficult lol"
"got my wisdom teeth pulled out today, and ley me just tell you how fun that was, i'm strung up on all sorts of pain killers and i still hurt, this is the only time when being super fit is a disadvantage"
"i gave flowers to random strangers to day down town,  spreading smiles is good <propfemale>"
"btw, guys, <propmale> potter sucked, it was more like <propmale> potter and the half it was nothing like the book, and the entertainment factore was okay, but me being a super hp nerd, this movie bothered me, the worst let down  by far"
"loves rupaul!!!! in the words of my favorite <propfemale> \may the fierce be with you!\"" hahaha! night all  smile """
ap scores are in!
unf orientation tomorrow!
"certainly my name is <propmale>, but what’s in a name?  if a <propfemale>s where called daffodils would we love them just the same? what is it to be a <propfemale>? to be red and luscious? would not that discredit the pink or yellow <propfemale>, or the dainty frailness of a wild "
these past couple of days were great! but i'm kinda sad it's over  sad 
is falling deeper into it by the second  sad 
"had an amazing dream last night about oranges, i woke up and i swear i could smell them!"
"tour de pain     tomorrow!!! aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! i think i'm gonna be sick  playful , what have i done!"
"tour de pain starts today at 5, and i'm nervous!!!!! anyone going? or want to go with me to calm my nerves? i'm still sore  sad "
"is feeling masochistic, one more race in the tour de pain!!!! the mile scorcher  smile  down town in peak heat, gun time, 4 smile 0 pm by the landing, this last race'll be a fast one, very fun to watch if anyone happens to be near the landing at the time!"
"survived the tour, i didn't do as well as i typicaly do, i came in 7th in my devision and 49th over all  i ran the mile in 5 smile ?~not too bad, the 5k in 19:22~ kinda bad, and the four mile    it was really bad, it killed my score  had i not been sore, had i not skrewed myself up in the beggining, i wouldn't've taken first    probably 3rd  i know my competition well and i can say with confidence i run with the best smile "
"is going to miss seeing everyone, best of luck to you all on your college adventures  smile  mine doesn't start for another week or so, i can't wait!"
hope everyone's settling on in their dorms okay!
"i'm trying to get the modivation to go work out, but it's all gross outside!!!  playful "
college tomorrow!!!! so nervous!!  smile 
i hope unf is nice to their freshmen!
first day of college was great! favorite class: philosophy  smile 
"has lots of free time after 10:40 tomorrow, text call me and let me know what's up and we can chill, otherwise i'm out"
"i'm thinking about changing my <propmale> to psychology  i've been doing some deep thinking and reflection  i think that it really is the right way to go, but after that i'm not so sure, what branch of psych? there's <propfemale> much, i really don't know, i want to practice e playful resion therapy, but wouldn't that make me a therapist rather than a psychologist? does anyone have any idea how to get in touch with mrs  <propfemale>?"
does anyone know how to get in contact with ms  <propfemale>?
"i ran with a deer!!!! it was only for a few steps, but stilll!!!   laugh  i heard they're the second fastest animal in the world"
did anone watch project runway last night and go wtf is this crap? she looked like letus that someone threw up all over!
<propfemale>  introduced me to <propmale> and garfunkel today and i'm totaly hooked! lol
"ran into ms newman today, she seemed to be doing pretty well  smile "
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!
"usualy on my b day i'm really depressed, i stoped celebrating it on my 11th"
"is <propfemale> tired! hmm, think i'll go for an 8 mile run, that'll wake me up!"
"how do you post a blog on this? if you're interested in philosophy, logic, or just want something interesting to think about, you should check out my new myspace blog, i with deductive reasoning i may have disproved rencarnation  and might have found the end of the world i wanna know what people think and believe about this,"
"hates his english class, it's full of all kinds of stupid "
hearts are weird!
today was the last day of summer 
anyone going to the thing at unf tonight?
"so, who's going to to the fchs homecoming thing?"
"why do people have such a problem with nudity? we all have bodies and we all have to get naked some time, that's how god made us all origonaly  playful  lol at losers! smile "
"i'm dreading tomorrow's math test, wish me luck, think i'm gonna need a little more than a miracle : ("
"finished the math homework  playful ' now i have to go to bed, wake up early and study my butt off for the test  sad  stupid math! well, goodnight"
"tomorrow! running the first half marathon of the season! didn't really train for this one so we'll see how it goes playful  this is the first race in the tri 2 be tuff challenge, wish me luck!"
"is still the best on the north side! took first in my age group and beat a whole bunch of marines to the finish without even trying, so i'm happy  smile  1 smile 5 was my time, not my best, but better than i thought i'd do!"
"o yeah, did i mention it was a half marathon? 13 1 <propmale>  the bridges were killer! you never realize how much of an incline and height those things have untill you run up them  playful  i'm a little tired "
"i'm sore?!?! this never happens! <propmale> hawkins doesn't ever get sore! i was fine yeterday, but all the sudden it's like i'm the tin man, if i stay still for too long i get all <propmale> at the joints playful  every movement is an intensive effort! this is what i get for not training as hard as i should've before the race"
"bio is cancelled! wooo hoo! but   i still have lab, and a lab report due  playful "
"had an awful day, and has a sinking feeling not even running could cure"
"i sprained my ankle d: what am i going to do!!! this sucks, i have a marathon and a half marathon to train for!, i have a 10 mile race in 2 weeks!"
"i hope to dream of running and wake up tired, because that's the only running i can do for a little while, be mad at my ankle with me"
i can run again!!!!  laugh 
"i was charged upon by thesbians weilding plastic swords screaming shakespear while on my way to class    this, is my life    i attract the strangest foms of random weirdness "
"has a ton of hw but can't focus any more, going for a run  smile "
where did the day go? : (
"got that one song by spear head stuck in my head, it's catchy  smile "
goodnight  smile 
homework time! ew!!!
were's the boy in the metalic mushroom balloon thing? i hope he didn't fall out!
"i'm having to write a papper on childhood obesity and weather or not the parents should be held accountable, this essay sucks "
good luck tomorrow swimmers!
"tomorrow, going for a +20 mile run  why? because i'm <propmale> and that's what i do smile   if you see me be sure and honk! give me a shout! if i don't wave it's because i'm tired and trying to conserve energy, but the encouragement is greatly apreciated out there"
"went for 21 <propmale> today nonstop and i'm exausted! i hurt all over, but its a good kinda pian  i've ever laughed so much on a run before, i think it was the runners high  playful "
what a beautiful day!
writing a paper on the taliban  playful  i wanted to do communism!
i just baked a cake!  smile 
"just finished the papper i had to write for english, now only 2 more papers to go! biology isn't too bad though  smile  and in the true spirit of procrastionation, it can wait untill tomorrow! my body hurts in strange places so i'm gonna streach and then go to bed, goodnight all "
"people in the first coast area!: last night in ashford wood someone  broke into my neighbors cars,  please go out to your car, bring in your purse or at least hide it, and lock your car doors "
"people in the first coast area!: last night in ashford wood someone broke into my neighbors cars, please go out to your car, bring in your purse or at least hide it, and lock your car doors "
all this home work! really?
i finished!!! lol ashten
"just got back from a great run, it's such a beautiful day! too bad i have to spend most of it inside doing homework and studying"
goodnight all!
hit'n the books hard! got the classical music going and everything  bio midterm tomorrow  playful '
"think i'm done study'n, gonna do pretty well on that bio test!  smile "
"going to bed, test tomorrow!"
i hate math!!!!!
i'm coverd  in sugar! working the cotton <propfemale> booth was painful! who knew pink fluffy stuff could cause so much aggony?
"10 mile pumpkin run tomorrow! i'm e playful ecting to take 1st place this year, they can't mess up my race chip this time  playful '  wish me luck!"
"gun time: 8 surprise 0am, 10 <propmale>, shooting for a time of 1 surprise 5-1 surprise 0"
"race resuts for the 10 mile pumpkin run, 1st place, <propmale> hawkins 1 surprise 3  even with all the obsticles i faced "
"math homework , playful ' booooo!!!"
"sleep now, run tomorrow, then bio, lab and another run  playful  it never ends"
she's a lizzard!!! aaahhhh!!!! -v
"a challenge    post a thankful status everyday for the entire month until thanksgiving  be specific  get creative  watch your spirits soar! cut and paste this to your status     and share your thankful heart with all your friends  (stolen from my friend mrs  dormans page  thank you!),"
"i'm thankful for moving to jacksonville, today is the 4th year i've lived here  if i hadn't moved here my life would've been so different "
today i'm thankful for the extra credit quiz in biology
"writing a paper on genetic engeneering  i somehow got on to the subject of circumcision and male genital mutilation, i'm off topic and annoyed"
"just did the math and realized i will never reach that godly glorious millionth mile, it would take me about 336 years running 8 <propmale> every day   damn mortalitly  if only i could achieve that distance in one life time     my dreams aren't totaly broken, i can still try, i am <propmale> after all  playful "
today i am espesialy thankful for laughter  smile 
"today i am thankful for my friend ally, today was awsome  smile "
today i am thankful for the girls in my english class that were on my debate team! we won and got 3 extra credit points! yay!
"today i am thankful for drivers willing to share the road with runners in areas where there is no sidewalk  went on a long run today, i'm really tired "
today i am thankful for the free samples of starbucks at target  smile  yummm
is sad that the sun is going to rise in about seven hours
"just registered for the outback distance classic, the jacksonville bank marathon, and the tri-2b-tuff challenge 2009! i'm gonna own, shooting for first place in all three this year, haven't came in less than 1st place since i turned 19, i think this is gonna be one of my best years!i did the math, i'm already in the lead for the jacksonville grand prix! i wish they would update their data though,"
tonight i am thankful for cool weather because it brings fast runs along with it  smile 
went out and got a giant sketch pad and charcoals!!!! it's gonna be fun!
"hope the drag show was fun! i couldn't make it, i had family obligations, but i'm sure i'll hear all about it  smile "
tonight i am thankful for family game night  smile 
today i am thankful for chickens and eggs     and leftover lo mein noodles  smile 
"is writing an esay on genetic engineering, and it came all to obvious to me, what of animal rights? concider the hypothetical cow that gave birth to monkey twins  if you were that cow, how would you feel? cows are none too bright but i can imagine i'd be a little confused if i was that cow! although a cow has not yet given birth to monkeys, the tech is out there,  genetic engeneering is freaky fascinating stuff "
"this protien shake makes me feel sick, really thristy, and it tastes something awful but i'll whither and die without it, i basicly live off of trail mix, pringles stix, and protien shakes  playful "
think this will make my enc professor lol? an excerpt from my essay on genetic engeneering: just because we have the ability to make a cloned cow give birth to twin mutant monkey jellyfish hybrids doesn’t mean we should do it  cows are animals none to bright but consider the confusion of the cloned bovine on giving birth to such a thing 
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works"
"i just found out that there was a suspicous white <propfirst>  seen by crestwick, near first coast high  about 2 weeks ago trying to get a little girl at a bus stop to get in the <propfirst> with them , i am warning everyone who has kids or little bothers and sisters, there was no letter or anything sent home by the school so not many people know about this "
"i\m not sleeping tonight  sad """
just finished his final anthology for ethics!  smile 
"jus finished registering for classes, it was awful!"
school tomorrow for me  playful  only one of my teachers had the sense to not hold class
"freaking out about tomorrows race, i can hear the cannon fire, my stomach is in knots!  troubled "
gun time: 8 surprise 0 am  distance: 13 1 <propmale>! i'm off to bed! i let you all know how it goes!  laugh  <propfemale> excited!!!
"this morning i ran the outback distance classic half marathon and set a new personal record of 1:28  hard core competition this year though, came in 3rd playful  last year i  took second with a time of 1 smile 3  o well, can't win them all!  smile  happy thanksgiving everyone!"
"the movie 2012 was stupid  it was a movie with an agenda for sure  not worth your time, trust me "
i go  run now  bye!  joyful 
i hate writing essays about stupid stuf  playful 
"on top of playing parent for the day, i ran 16 <propmale>, made dinner, and did 3 pages of awful math homework  i own "
"about to take my english final, wish me luck!"
just finished my last online math quiz!
"made an a overall in english composition  than you ms  hicks! love  tomorrow i have a final in boilogy, wish me luck!"
last final tomorrow! yay! it's also the hardest though  sad  wish me luck! i'm gonna need it
"wants to know who was that in the red car  they passed me, honked, i waved  i turn and keep running, i saw them again a few moments later, they parked and waited for me to pass an 1 8 of a mile up the road, watching me the whole time  i passed and they rolled down their window to talk to me, i didn't recognize them, so i smiled, waved and ran faster! keep in mind this was my 14th mile so   "
the ing jacksonvill bank marathon is in 6 days! that's only 3 training days! o no!!
"the things i do for running  playful ' this morning i got up at 4 am and completley de-haired  my legs feel weird  is this how dolphins feel? i miss my chest fuzz, but i'm willing to sacrifice if it will get me a faster time on the 26 2 mile run i have tomorrow, wish me luck! i'm sooo nervous!"
"marathon results: i took 1st in my age group with a time of 3:26  i can bearly stay awake and my body hurts but i'm happy  when i crossed the finish line i didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so i did both x'd"
dad come home from deployment for the holidays! yay! and for christmas he gave the entire family a terrable head cold      thanks dad
"cleaning! determined to start with a clean room for 2010  smile  the vystar gator bowl 5k is tomorow but my legs are shot, this race is just for fun"
"cleaning my room for the new year i ran across old notes between me and a couple of old friends lost loves and ect  it was bitterly depressing  a few moments later i find my shorty short running shorts and under that a pile of mostly 1st place awards for running, it made me laugh sooo hard, talk about emotional whiplash right?"
"last night was crazy! some good, some bad, but all in fun  happy new year every one  smile "
"my top 5 new years resolutions: \1  go to the gym  regularly  everyone that works there will know my name \2  start swimming  begin triathlon training \3  be more than just \pretty good\"" in school  focus and be more applied \",d0c13666134e46fd7ded648bc306ad54,"there's rumor of a girl who runs 20 <propmale> a day and can run a mile in 4 surprise 0 flat in my sex race class  she's so unreal she's almost mythical  to me,  running with her would be the equivelent of confirming the existance of unicorns  i must meet her "
"pssshh you don't even know!     dopehatt <propfemale>, dopehatt   love  lmao! ily!"
adventure tomorrow! metro! yay!
metro adventure tonight!
killing the time before the adventure
omg that was fun! next weekend is gonna be even betta!
excited about tomorrow!!! yay!!!
another interesting night  playful  what an adventure!  love 
"heeeyy all! what a beautiful day for a run!  love  tonights gonna be another great night, i can feel it!"
"i'm feeling very <propfirst> gray  another great night full of une playful ected adventure  it's fascinating what one is capable of doing  i've learned a lot about myself this weekend, but it's not yet over, lets see what tomorrow brings  love "
"today, i was stalked by border patroll, no lie!! i was out on a long run and they decided to follow me, on the last streach of the industiral loop, around mile 15 they pulled up next to me and the man driving asked me how far i run, it amused me to see his shock and amazment  really nice guy "
am i really a bad influence?!?
back up to running 13 <propmale> a day! gonna be ace for the 26 2 with <propfemale>  i'm shooting to break 3 surprise 0 and maybe set the state age group record for 2010!
"psychophysics  human sensory perception is facinating but very difficult to wrap your head around at times, this is only week 3!"
adventure!!!!  laugh 
rest day! no running today! hitt'n the metro later if anyone's interested  smile 
salad fingers!!!  laugh 
irun long time now bye!  love 
number of churches i counted on my 25 mile run: 13 
feeling really bleh right now  sad  i wish the sun was out 
went for  run and i feel much better now  smile  bring on the weekend!
"my mind just e playful loded! no lie!  i can't yet put into words the mind warping reality of the things that i have learned in such a short time period  visual perception is a complete lie, a fabrication of backwards flowing memories and light frequenceies     most of what you see isn't sight, it's memory of sight   yeah   wow!!  laugh "
pain is just weakness leaving the body  love  i'm sore
just finished my sex race class article report thing! yay!!
"finished my brilliant paper on that stupid book, now i can rest  love "
"last night   rocky horror live, metro, shorty shorts, strip contest, red fishnets, hot dancing  tonight   round 2, who's in?  laugh "
metro tonight! round 2!   laugh  join me if your interested and able!
tonight was awsome  love 
"who runs practie marathons?   i do!!!! going for the 13 churches route today, maybe add a few more <propmale> in and go for 30  if you see me you best be sure to honk or something  laugh "
"every ten thousand <propmale> i run, i make a wish  smile "
amature strip contest! tonight! 12 smile 0ish at the metro! come cheer my friend <propfirst> and i on as loudly and obnoxiously as possible!  laugh  tonight we compete for cash and a <propmale> to win a photo shoot for play girl!  hope to see you there  wink 
just heard about the olympic louger from <propfemale>  really wish the media would've had the decencey not to show that video  cant even imagine  at a loss for words 
"10 mile beach run tomorrow, just finished carbo loading  smile   wish me luck!"
happy st  <propfirst>'s day  love 
10 mile winter beach run  gun time: 2 surprise 0 pm  estimated finish time: 2:50-3:10  super excited!  laugh  i love that i can still get this worked up over a race  love 
yay!
is like stupid tired and doesn't even know why  beware of purple squirrels 
freaking out about the 26 2 with <propfemale> on sunday! 2 more days to go  troubled 
"wants to go to the masquerade ball, but can't risk ruining thousands of <propmale> of training runs for 1 night of fun  sad "
"26 2 with <propfemale> marathon to finish breast cancer  racer number: 53, <propmale> hawkins   gun time:  7 smile 0 am   e playful ected finish time:  10:20- 11 surprise 0  look for me on the live feed of the race at first coast news coverage online  tomorrow's the big day goodnight all! thanks for the support!"
took first place in the 26 2 with <propfemale> national marathon to finish breast cancer for the second year in a row  i was the 43 person overall to cross the finishline with an official boston marathon qualifying finishing chip time of 3: 06:59 this is a boston marathon qualifying time  i qualified for the boston marathon for the first time at age 19  i can't even believe it    
"listening to classical music and brushing up on my e playful   psych  i feel sooo   brainy!  smile  exam1 i got a 100, lets see how i fair tomorrow on exam2 "
"another race tomorrow! orteaga river run, this one is only 5 <propmale> though, it'll be an easy one, that is if it warms up in time and the winds behave themselves  smile "
hitt'n the metro tonight! lesbo-a-gogo tonight! + strip contest!
"had quite a day, but it could've been a lot worse! thanks mrs  dorman!  smile  -she saved me-"
i  love  beachness
"tomorrow i run in the gate river run 15k national championship, the largest 15k in the us  gun time is 8 smile 0 am e playful ected finish time around 9 smile 0am or sooner  weather's supposed to be wet and <propfemale>  playful  fun ! good luck first time runners! look for people you know running in the race on the tv in the morning  smile  what a great way to start spring break!"
"race results are up, 278th out of 13340 + runners, not too bad  smile  the gate is always an ego crusher, 24th in age grouping with a time of 1 surprise 1  only 1 person that beat me was from jax, the rest were from    michigan??? i don't get it  so random! i could understand california, but    michigan? idk, but <propfirst> pushed me through the last streach of the race, together we defeated the green monster  smile "
just not feel'n it right now  sad  maybe i can run it off
i have no idea what i'm doing tonight
getting ready to go!
last night was some kind of crazy  playful 
"got a hair cut, the oil changed in the truck, and had an awsome day with <propfemale>  love  such adventures we have lol it's the little things  smile "
"st  patties day 10k, i took 1st place for the 3rd year in a row  i dominated  smile   the hawkins boys cleaned house today! little brothers took 2nd and 3rd in their individual age groups for the 5k, soooo proud of them!  laugh "
irun now  smile 
"is now coach <propmale>, or coach d  haven't decided which one i like better  smile "
"coaching went well today  smile  i worked those kids out hard, they're gonna hate me tomorrow, they're gonna be soooo sore lol  i don't think they've ever worked out that hard before  hopefuly we'll start seeing some real results in a week or two  i believe they  have a hope of being as good as mandarin in the future  i see potential, i just have to help build them up a little "
"i wanna go for a walk in the <propmale>, take a stroll on the north side <propmale> trails (i do walk   sometimes), it's sooo beautiful out, but i have stupid homework  playful '"
i'm feeling a bit under the weather and i have a test tomorrow  sad  not good 
sittups + sneezing = smacking your head on the ground at high velocity  playful 
"feeling   caustic after the biphobia pannel, i think it was the adventure cheese"
wow! what an adventure! who knew walmart could be <propfemale> fun!  laugh 
so how did i close out easter? spending time with family watching the orphan lol
today on my run i was attacked by the trees and almost caused a wreck with my shorty shorts for like the third time  people should really pay more attention to the road  playful  hit the gym yesterday and today it hit me back 
am i feeling it tonight? idk
i survived? wow   
i regret nothing  live and learn 
"ew! they're too licky!!! -quote of the night, <propfirst> richards lmao  love "
"hit the gym today, not as tired as i should be  sad "
i wanna run!!!! but i have soooo many other things to do  sad 
"race tomorrow! run to the sun 8k  gun time 8 surprise 0am  never ran this one before, should be fun! wish me luck  smile "
"my truck is sick!!! dx the dealer i bought it from tried to hide a leaky radiator by filling it up with stop leak, wich causes massive rust  when the mechanic opend it, it was like my truck was throwing up chunky pumpkin pudding  the rust spread and caused all sorts of trouble in the engine, all this because he was a dishonest cheap used up <propmale> bag and didnt want to invest in the 200$ to get a new radiator tank "
"i have my truck back, and i am happy  all is right  smile "
will refrain from promiscuity on this night 
"one day, london marathon   i will defeat you "
"wonders   where is a good place to go and get piercings done? any sugestions, people to reffer me to?"
"done!!!!!no more finals! i am done with school untill may 10th, summer session starts  smile "
"ran at least 16+ <propmale> on the beach, from the mayport rocks to jax beaches 1st street and back  i was stoped buy a gaurd with a big gun and a smile on returning to the totaly vacant mayport beach  at the end of my run i striped to my shorty shorts and threw myself into the ocean as it started to rain and my footprints washed away  the pure sensation of it all was amazing "
had quite an adventure x)
might have met a very interesting person tonight  smile 
"middle school track devisionals today, wish my boys good luck!"
"motor cycles flying through clouds and fire flys, all under a melting <propfemale>  i had a great night  smile  adventure "
"class tomorrow! 9-12 don't think i'm ready for this just yet, but o well"
had a very good day night  smile   smile 
"had a great night, more fire flies  smile "
"have a social evolutionary psych midterm tomorow, yay!!  playful '"
"i am sneaky sneaky   you can't catch me cause i am the gingerbread man  muah ha ha ha ha haaaaaaaa  tip of the day   aaron, my wonderful man, is pure hottness!!!"
this sssshhhh is bananas! b-a-n-a-n-a-s!!!
pies race tomorrow! a great way to celebrate our 1 month  smile 
"today i cut hair, tomorrow   who knows? lol"
metro adventure tomorrow! anyone is welcome to join  smile 
"didn't really do much today, but  didn't really need to  had a good time  smile  goodnight world"
"is back from his travels, and let me say it is great to be home  smile "
"has plantar fasciitis  crying  basically means i have overworked myself in bad shoes that caused bad form, and now i can't run for 4 weeks to a year  i am very upset by this, running is my life, but it hurts to even walk  i've been in a funk since i faced the reality of it on saturday  i apologize if i seem a little short in temperament "
"wants to run soooo bad right now! not running is killing me  i tell myself that if i  run it will only get worse, but this is taking a lot of will power  i hope this never gets easy  crying "
"got a strassburg night splint today, i'm willing to try just about anything that will hasten my recovery, i hope this works "
i'm so tempted to run right now the thought of missing tour de pain is killing me  sad 
"went to the doctor today to get checked out, i told him about my problem and he laughed at me, he didn't even examine me! can you believe it? i was livid, i am changing my doctor and filing a grievance against him right now, do not see dr  zu at ocean way clinic! he is a bad doctor  wasn't sanitary, knowledgeable,or considerate  he didn't do his job  seems like anyone can be a doctor now   i can't even believe it  sad "
that was fun!
"what a day! car battery died, lost my phone, and got sun burned, it all has an upside though, <propfirst> thewhale was with me when the battery e playful loded so he went into butch mode, broke out the tools, and got all dirty(so hot!), i found my phone in my truck, and the sunburn will turn to a nice tan  smile "
first day back at unf was a a success  smile   tomorrow it really begins   
"i\m going for a run!!!! yay!!!!!  laugh """
where is a good place to get your hair cut?
"i am exhausted, today was a long day "
went for a five mile run today! i feel like i'm starting to catch up a bit with my old self  smile 
"thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone  smile   the surprise un-birthday party was awesome, really cool guys  it's nice to know <propmale> thewahalle wasn't cheating on me after all, just planning stuff  love "
"i haven't cried this much in years, i can't even remember  thanks for being there <propfemale> miller, <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale>, and allyssa <propfemale>"
i'm not okay right now
cant sleep  can't eat   can't escape  i don't know how to deal with this 
thanks for being there everyone  wink  today has been a terrible day 
keep calm 
life is good  love 
"today on my run i was attacked by 2 pitbulls   i was waving and shouting for help at the top of my lungs but no one stopped to help  i am okay, but only because i was hella fast  i reported it to the cops but they said that they couldn't do anything because i wasn't bitten  from now on i am carrying pepper spray when i run "
"i have a magic good wish fish  its actually a really colorful fish shaped pot that macoulie gave me  i fill it with birthday cards and the good fortunes from those cookies you get with chinese food  when i am sad i reach in my fish, pull out a good wish, and feel a bit better inside "
"tomorrow i have my first race since the injury! it's only a 5k, but its a start  smile  the shirt is pretty sweet, i don't think i'm gonna place, but i don't care  i'm just glad to be able to get out there again "
"i was the 9th person to cross the finish line out of 700 with a time of 20:11 for the 5k  not my best, but not too bad  smile  wish i could've done the half marathon, i'll be ready for the next one i think"
i'm back to running my old route again! and no dogs! i am pleased 
i think i'm going to do well on the lab exam tomorrow morning  smile  75 questions! psssh! bech please! bring it!
100% on my bio ii lab exam! hellzz yeah!!!!! i got this!  laugh 
thank you gays  its nice to know i'm not totally in the wrong here 
damnatio memoriae  a term i relearned in <propmale> history today 
"no one trust <propfirst> stinson  he is a cheating inconsiderate, emotionally abusive asshole "
"feeling much better today! why should i stay upset? there are plenty of better ones out there, and they're all blow'n up my phone  fun stuff! o well!  <propfirst>'s loss  smile "
i'm rely feeling it right now  why do i have emotions?
"i officially came out to my mom today  it went very well  we had kinda talked years ago, but we clarified tonight  i'm gay  i may have my strait moments, but i proffer guys  have a good night everyone  smile "
how do you deal with a broken heart? why do they call it heart ache? its my mind that hurts  memories  flashes of things that were  my whole body feels sluggish and slow  its been nearly 3 weeks  why aren't i any better? helpful tips any one?
"goodbye november!! good riddance!!! this was the worst month of my entire life  the only plus was becoming a regular at the mayport gym  ran about 180 <propmale> and logged about 40 hours of pumping iron due to stress and heartbreak  heres to a renaissance december, to a focus on remaking myself,to healing, to a renewal of mind, body and soul  cheers "
"i have rediscovered my inner peace and mental security  for the first time in weeks i can say i'm okay, or i'm good and actually mean it  i am content  i had a horrible breath taking cramp on my run  it was a true battle of mind vs  body  in fighting my self and overcoming pain i e playful erienced true serenity  after the pain, all that remained was the wind in my hair and the sun on my skin  that's what its all about "
dream of californication  love 
i'm done with finals! lets make plans  smile 
"this is <propfemale> random! the neighbor kid has picked up the tuba  better still, he has decided to practice in his drive way, right outside my livingroom window  the cacophany is pentrating every room of the house   i'm escaping to the gym  mayport should be far enough  dear god  why?"
metro tonight?
and <propmale> lam = lady gaga and beyonce
"new favorite song! \cannibal\"" by <propfemale>     i'll eat you up!  love """
i'm not okay 
"the repeal of don't ask don't tell has passed through the house and the senate  when my friend told me this i nearly cried  there is a lot that still needs to be worked out, but i feel much better about what the future has in store for me "
either i have developed gay vision and my gay powers are developing or my contacts are dirty  i'm seeing rainbows everywhere!
"run fast for your mother, run fast for your father, run for your children, for your sisters and brothers,leave all  your love and your longing behind,you cant <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive\ ~dad comes home today from an 8 month deploymet!!!!~\the dog days are over!\i love this song! i think i'm gonna go for a run now smile "
"someone stopped their car in the middle of yellow bluff road and took pictures of me while i was running  it really freaked me out  who ever you are, please ask next time "
today is the first day of winter
"8:55 at tinseltown, black swan, text me  smile "
<propfemale> christmas everyone! best present of the year: not moving! my dad has official 2 year orders to nas jax  the watch from dubai was very nice too though  thanks dad  smile 
o my god! its snowing on the north side!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a fun night  smile  met some amazing people!
"all the best guys are either gay, taken     or both  sad  the super sexy bar tender man had a husband  not that i'd stand a <propmale> anyway  he was soooo gorgeous ohmagawd!"
adventure!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
i'll be a good boy    i'll be a good boy tonight! i promise!
"been single for 2 months  today  i'm a little sad and little angry, but mostly just me  in time none of this will matter  talked to my dad this morning about the navy and hinted about the repeal of dadt  in 2 years time i will be leaving jax forever  i  will never come back  if i could leave now, i would "
"so tired! i fell asleep on the floor of my room, exhausted from the gym  i had a dream about <propfemale> bynes + mean girls  o my god  am i really that gay? hahaha"
adventure! i love life  love 
"getting back into the swing of things is kinda nice  smile  12 credit hours, 3 classes, one of which is spanish 1  this is gonna be an easy semester "
that was fun  smile 
using my gay powers and boyish charm to better my future? why not? women do it all the time  wink 
i had a horrible dream about girls last night and can't sleep now  sad 
its   adventure time!
the <propfemale> was ridiculous  crazy night  gay guys suck! all of them  in one way or another  i should have gone along with that cute lesbian 
math is evil! thank you <propfirst> <propmale> for being awesome and saving my butt
<propfemale> tonight  love 
incahoots adventure tonight!  smile 
"i love classical music, but especially after i do something particularly horrible  smile "
so angry! i wanna punch a baby right now  consider it a blessing? i don't think so 
"single for valentines day! what did i do? i celebrated by going to the gym for a couple hours, going for a run, and tanning for a bit  love "
"\hmph! you look like a fat iguana!\""   for real!?! you know who you are! not even cute  that is all     playful """
"been in a sad state all day  haven't been able to shake this feeling  i wish the sun would come out, then i might at least feel a little better  sad "
<propfemale> tonight! adventure!!!!!
"birds are sining, boys are calling, the sun is shining, and my running is picking up again  feels like life is finally starting to get back on track  smile "
i got my first piercing last night! adventure!!!
bar tending school? i think so  smile 
adventure tonight!
i want another piercing!  playful 
"counting the days away till this weekend! its gonna be epic! tomorrow is the unf drag show! boat house, 7pm, be there!"
"my leaf necklace broke free from its string    every time a piece of my jewelry breaks something very bad or very good happens without fail  call me superstitious, but i'm nervous  fixed it in an attempt to counter bad ju-ju  hope this weekend goes well   "
oh my god! adventure timee!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 real lmao
eating with a new tongue piercing = no bueno! gonna lose a <propfemale> bit of weight over this one 
"gate river run race packet pickup!  don't forget like i did last year, e playful o is open today from 11-6  smile "
<propfemale> tonight! spring break's just about here  adventure!
"gate river run tomorrow! omg i'm soooo excited! first race in months, i can barely contain myself    laugh "
"gate was a success, i don't know my time yet, but i'd guess around 1 surprise 4  the important thing is that i got my hat, made top 10% so my streak remains unbroken, and i had a great time  i killed the green monster  smile   congratulations to all you other monster killers out there! thanks for the support everyone  love "
"official gate river run 15k time, 1 surprise 2:43 right on par with my other times  how is that possible? i under-trained    i don't understand! i haven't run over 9 <propmale> in at least a month! wtf?"
got into  really bad accident  i'm lucky to be alive and for the most part unscathed  my truck is totaled  i need to find a job and a car  any suggestions?
"i need a ride at 10 am tomorrow morning to the air port for a job interview, i still don't have a car, could anyone help me out?"
might have a new truck my the end of the day! super excited!
"success!!!  new  truck!!!!! yay!!!!!! i'm sooo happy! cant drive it yet, gotta take care of the insurance stuff but i'll be back on the road soon "
"the rest of my spring break has officially been ruined  stupid dmv  i have a truck sitting out front, but i cant drive it  fml "
incahoots tonight?
last night    what an adventure lol
"st  patties day 10k 3rd place in age group 20-24, 24th to cross the finish line  <propmale> hawkins #85  pace: 6:28   overall time: 0:40 surprise 5-total crap for my usual, but it's a decent start for getting back on the scene "
first day of spring!
got my first letter from a lawyer yesterday  i'm worried 
"what am i doing tonight? incahoots maybe? idk, hit me up"
bored  idk what to do tonight  any suggestions?
"metro adventure tonight, see ya there  smile "
what a night! just now getting in  met an amazing guy!
my heart is racing  my hands are shaking and i'm screaming bohemian rhapsody!!!!!! whats wrong with me???aaahhhhhh!!!!!!mommmmmaaaa!!!!! ooo galileo!!!!
i have succeed in making a compete ass of myself all in the name of watching out for an exfriend of mine  yay!    *fail!!!* troubled 
"met a turtle on my run today! he was big, old, and slow  i passed him twice  moral of the story is     slow and steady doesn't win the race  steady maybe, but not slow!"
wow! what a weekend!
