fc59fff59bfcce559ed2c942fce5160c
still trippin about the kris10 show at secrets   can i get a wuwu wow!!! amazing!!!!
i need some massage love   always giving i tell ya!!!
"feelingly abit better at the moment, so i think i will get ready for some karaoke fun about it    finnigans aka <propmale> patricks without the smoke!!!  luuvf it!!!"
learning more about my lab top!! he heeee
just clean my car!!!  can i say good lawd!!!!!
"and thought i was gonna have band practice,,but i guess not!!! gracious!!    i need food in my belly now"
why do i feel a cold coming on?? gracious  not good!!!
i cant breathe out my nose and my eyeball hurts
im dying!!
<propfemale> hates snakes!!!  lol lol funny thing tonight i saw!!!
bout to be surrounded wit redskins aka wackskins fans!!!   boooooo!!!!  haaaa  booooo!!! i said a boobooooooo
e a g l e s!! eagles eagles eagles!!!! thats wat im sayin!!
had a great great great weekend!!!   all about the luvf!!!
who will show up at my karaoke contest 2mrw at so addictive in old town herndon?? starting at 9pm right next to <propfirst>'s
who invented packing and moving!!!! gracious!!! can we say i dont like it!!!
i need new eye balls about it!!!
somebody will be getting their blue black on this winter  can we say blackness!!!
i luvf karaoke!! i wonder who started the whole thing   i may need to google that joint
needs to get up off this couch but cant!!!   lawd!!!
fly eagles fly baby!!!!!  get it!!!!
is <propfemale> hungry about it!!!
"my legs are numb!!! no worries!! this sista friend is stayin in for the evening, to enjoy tansformers 2 finally!!! i <propfemale> for not watching it in the theaters though "
optimus prime is gangsta!!!
"if i continue to eat cotton <propfemale> and bazookabubble gum, those white nice teeth i see in my profile pic will soon be gone!! i can not have a jacked up grill  i refuse  so get it together brandi!!   nite nite"
"and though the odd say improbable, what do they know   for in romance all true love need is a <propmale>  and maybe with a <propmale> you will find, you to like i, overjoyed , over loved, over you, over you!!!"
who in the world came up with the word addiction?? and how did they know to come up with that particular word??
did wat i needed to do on this thang!! nite nite   but first     e a g l e s!!! eagleseagleseagles!!!  hitem low hitem high!!!!!lol  ok let me go to bed
wat to eat? i dont know!! i want it to be amazing though
let me go poke some monkeys!!! in a good way that is!!  lol
"not your average <propfirst>'s sirloin tips for kids, r not just for kids!!!!   can we say goooood lawwddd that was some good eatin!!!   now time to watch some eagles play!!!!"
karaoke time time time time allll the time!!! i need to cut back!!!  hhaaaa yeah right  i luvf it!!!
im done wit facebook 2night   peace out!! nite nite!!i luvf everyone!!!
"tired!!! wish i was under the covers, the warm covers!!!!! gosh!! tired, but smiling  "
sometimes smiling too much can make your ears hurt!!!
i luvvf you fb  but its time for me to slob on my soft pillow!!!
looking forward to a great week!!!!! now if i can just get some  sleep about it!
"as my life flashes before my eyes  i'm wondering will i ever see another sunrise  so many wont get th <propmale> to say goodbye, but its to late to think of the value of my life      ,    so just pull the trigger "
"i need a man to take the <propmale> on a love that burns hot enough to last  so when the night falls, my lonely heart calllllllss!!! oh i wanna dance wit somebody i wanna feel the heat wi somebody"
"round 2!!!! wit kris10andallthatgreatnoise, was absolutely fab!!! they are some great people i tell ya!!, on and off stage    yes, i have said it many times before and i will say it again       i luvf them!!!"
"ya know, i send alot of hearts out   can a sista friend get some back!!  i like to be luvfed to"
thats how we do!!!  make the wackskins think they got the game in the bag   sike your bootey!!! not in our house baby!!!!     eagles eagles eagles!!!!  hhaaa
"have you ever hated yourself for staring at the phone? your whole life waiting on the ring to prove, your not alone   have you ever been touched so gently you had to cry? have your ever invited a stranger to come inside?"
"im sorry, but all these redskins comments are making this sista friend laugh so hard about it!!!! lshab wow, that was a ab work for me!!!!  go eagles eagles eagles!!!!"
im in serious need of an 80min  massage!!! gracious about it!!!!
"have you ever fed a lover with just your hands  close your eyes and trust it, just trust it "
hi-ho hi-ho its off to work i go!!! (and its a busy one!!!) p s    frosty mini wheats(strawberry delights) makes me very happy!!! they so goood!!!
will sleep sooo ggooooddd now!! since my eagle worked it out!!! i hate games like that!!! gosh!!!!
"haven't had a peanut and jelly sandwitch in the longest time!!!    delightful!!!, lets get another shall we?!!"
im goin to california
"my car is completely covered!!!  if i had a camera i would show my fb people!!!  if nature can cover my car with snow well then nature can melt it away with the sun , cause this lady aint shovelin all that snow off my car!!  ,umm my back hurts!!! ok about it!!"
"death, i hate it sooo much!!!   i cant deal with this!!, my prayers goes out to the <propmale> and watley family   <propmale> i love you, and im sooo sorry , but you will see her again, u will , cause you know she loved jehovah, and everyone that knows <propfemale>, knew she loved jehovah  <propfemale> was faithful and true, and for that she will be remembered by us who mourn with you, but most importantly by jehovah who will reward her"
putting on a smile while my heart aches keep shaking my head in disbelief still in shock
"fly eagles fly baby!!, but that game was wack  we shouldnt have let them come back like that!! i must say i was gettin a lil sca red"
i wonder who uses myspace now that everybody and the cousins is on fb status??
i have the biggest kool-aide smile on my face right now!! haaa
mcdonalds hot french fries and their hot bake apple pie   does this body good!!! finger lickin good!!!
i am getting sick!! mad about it!!! gracious!!!!!
i jumped on a stuffed animal in your bathroom cause i'm sexy and i do what i want!!
my work here is donee!!!!
how the crock do you say sshut up in doggy language!!! i mean seriously!!!
last week in this household!!  moving again!!! gracious
"i never been in love, i dont know what it is, i only know if they want me  i want them if they want me  i only know they want me!!!     haahaa"
im lovin this show let's talk about pep!!!
new roof over my head here i come!!  hakuna mata!! i keep it moving!!
i really dont like cats!!! <propfemale> serious about it!!!
ragu or prego?
"the sun is out, the sky is blue, its beautiful and so are you!!"
im moving!!!
"finally got my cpu back!!   1st day of the p90x!!   can we say,,,good lawd!!, 1st time me ever feeling sick after a workout!!  but the mind is also saying get that beach body lady!!"
focus danielson!!
"i'm falling to pieces, yeah!"
to my friends and family on this fb thang   its 40% off services at radiance in broadlands!! tuesday-friday!!!  i know there are alot of you out there in serious need of some luvf!!! we got massage and facial luvf available! and please show some luvf to your feet and hands (i know some of u need that piece for real!) then how about rounding out your day with gettin that hair did!! give us a call! and feel the luvf!!
very very busy day at work!!!  made my friday go by fast!! i luvf that!!!
b e a  uuu tiful!!! sun shiney day!!!!  who luvfs it?!!!!!
i hate duke!!
i hate the redskins
mecca mecca high!! mecca hinnee hoe!! gettin  the  hair did!!
best shampoo ever!! the kind that makes u say   u can call me thumper if u want to!!
whats for dinner tonight?
decided to chill this evening!
trigger point therapy wow!!
"on the road to winchester va to be a judge at a karaoke contest!! my first time judging, this is gonna feel kind of weird!!"
i get so weak in my knees i can hardly speak  
"one shot to your heart without breakin your skin, noone has the power to hurt ya like your kin  kept it inside didnt tell no one else, didnt even wanna admit it to yourself"
say   word!!!
lets get it together brandi  gosh!!
heros in a halfshell turtle power!!!
can we say  luvfed it!!!!
off i go!! nite nite fb!!!
"im feeling the need to go to arlington on a tues night, never done that before, sooo i believe tonight is the night!!! peace out ashburn!!!"
things that make u go hmmm  
i dont wanna miss a single thing you doooooooooooo    
this gum is soooo done!! so why am i still chewing it like it got jucy flavor to it when it dont!!!
on the road again!!   say word!!
"movie and wine night for me!!, im glad my roomate has this nice tv!! i get it all to myself"
my life! my life! my life!!! get it together!!
reminder: real housewives of new jersey premieres tonight!! gotta record that hot mess of a show!! i luvf it!!
"i have become my mother and my father, especially when it comes to staying up in the wee hours of the morning!!!   <propfemale> go to bed!! gosh!!"
ok! i just posted something 24x's and i have not a clue how i did that!!! duuuh dum da dum!!!  sorry about it
there is nothing green about the green turtle  where is the color green?!
brandifestivous in effect!!!!! (for the rest of the month)  haa
"age is simply a number not a attitude or personality and e playful erience makes life more exciting\-<propmale> shugars-"
"just another day living in the hood, just another day around my way  feeling good today, feeling luvfly yea!!"
locked out the house!! great monkey
on the road to nc  to see my mom!!! 95 is wacktacious
"there r some crazy drivers out on the road today, yes this includes my sister who is behind the wheel!! lawd, if i dont make it back  i luvf everyone i know"
back in the days when i was young im not a kid anymore but somedays i sit and wish i was a kid again  and everybody say
i have arrived safe and sound to my destination!!!
"lost my favorite <propfemale> necklace!!   gracious , has to be somewhere in my moms house!!"
"on the rd back to va with my bro and sisinlaw   this has been a fullfilling wknd!!  started wit livin it  at the ballroom with k&tn   luvf u guys for life, im still on cloud 9!  cont"
put on my happy faaaccce!!
crack is wack!!!  lol
"my vote is for <propfirst>,  off this american idol thang "
bubbly got me bubbly!!! lol
arlington i go! yes i goo
ok  im sorry but <propfirst> kong restaurant will not have a place in my cell phone!!  gosh!! can we say    nasty and suspect!!!
luvf! luvf! luvf!
i need a serious hug and luvf up in this club!!! believe that!!
ha ku na ma<propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!! lol yes lets keep it movin!!
came inside just in time from cleaning inside and trunk of car!! the rain can clean the outside!!  now lets make some pasta and eat it up!! cause a sista is hungry!!
just woke up from having a bad cat dream!!  i really dont like them now!! i will be keeping a close eye on the one that lives in my house!!gracious
really!!
"i think my beta fish <propmale> is gonna die soon, he dont look to right about it at all!!  sad "
is thinking about grapefruit crushes!!  
brown sugar!! the last part of that movie always gets me  
karaoke contest is tonight!! why o why do i have a sore throat and a lil cough!! ugh!! come on now!!!
"so i got 2nd place once again  congrats to the 10yr old lil boy(avi) who was all about mj!! dang i need to learn how to moonwalk!!  ha  avi was cute   i had a fun time, a big thank you to those who came out to support , i luvf you much!! im sorry i wasnt able to get that 1st place for ya, but hey, i tried my best!!   til next yr (maybe!!)"
summer cold!! this sucks!!
is bout to be sleepyhollows bound!! lets make some music!!   ok about it!!
i said good day sir
"i feel like im suspose to be doing something, but i dont know what it is at the moment!!  think <propfemale> think!!"
ook ok!!  lol just say a commercial for enhancing the boo te yy    called booty pop underware!! i gots to laugh
and heeerrrreee we goo!!!!
somebody got gas and it aint me!!!  omg i hate this cat   wat the crock is that smellllll  
"went to bed earlier kinda earlier than usual, but has woken up and can get back to sleep! wat can i take to knock me back out?   hmm lets try the nyquil"
and everytime i step in the building everybody hands go up    and they stay there!!
usher  get it
"r i p to my homie <propmale>, i promise i will be a better friend  caretaker to the next fish i get   so sorry about it!!"
bet after party show is crackin me up about it!!
tell me sumthin good!!
i got patron in my cup!
"i think i maybe allergic to cats!!! yessssssss, if thats the case  , this thang in my house has to for real peace out!!"
is thinking about alot!!
"it dont cost a thing to smile, you dont have to pay to laugh, you better thank god for that!!"
its hootttt!!! great goodness gracious!!!
is so blind!!! who knows the best eyeball surgeon
"hello, is it me your looking for?"
i think the cat is officially gone!!! waite let me check   
"wat to do, wat to do?!!"
smiling next to oprah and the <propfemale> (wat up oprah!!)
eye doctor here i come!!  everyone get off the roads the blindness is coming thru!!
there goes my babyyyyyyyy!!!
so cynical bout love cause she didnt want to be heart broken again
luvf the  cosby show episode when they meet <propfirst> wonder!!
connect the dots lalala lalah
"your kisses are worth more than gold to me, i'll be your almond joy you'll be my sugar daddy!!"
"how can the same man that makes me so mad, turn right around and kiss me so soft?"
"dont you be wastin all your money on syrup and <propfemale>, because im sweet enough!!   okay"
come on and ease on down ease on down the road!!
work  done!! holla!!!!
finally at the eye doctor!! 
tic tock this clock is on slowness!!!
good lawd!!!!!!
i think i want to move  what r some good places to consider?
"i said, i love your smile  "
<propmale> last wknd  new york this wknd!! holleerr
is on the rd to ny  ummm lets see how this is gonna turn out   it would have been nice to carpool wit two certain people  not loving at all
white castle!! eewww why do people like there food?   and he is really eating it like its his last msal  lol
hello   good morning!! im the captain of the cool kids
"bonefish , fish tacos or <propfemale>'s , spicy chicken combo?"
back at the eye doctors!!! good grief!!!
okay!! for those who see me today and later on tonight  im not tryin to be cool wearing my sun glasses everywhere   i have to cause my eyes are jacked!!  (time for somemore eye drops )   sad 
help!! im addicted to bejeweled blitz
i need my d jackson jersey!!   i luvf him i say!!
so i just tried to lock my car door with my house key and had the nerve to get mad that my car door was not locking    this sista is tired  to long of a day at work!!
<propfirst> tucker screaming on this 5th element movie cracks me up!!! lol lol
at my brothers friend fantasy football draft party  and i have learned absolutely nothing  lol but it was <propfemale> fun watching them get really serious about everything   they have been doing this for 10 yrs?!   wow
r u ready for some football?!!!
when i look into your eyes then i realize that all i need is you in my life 
good morning!!! and much luvf to everyone that i know!!!
rihanna concert 2mrw!! whose going?! this one right here is!!!
"rihanna concert tight!!   thought she was gonna open with rockstar but no!!  lady open with my russian roulete joint!!!  luvf that sooooonnnnggga!! ;everything sounded so good , i just wish i was able to see with my eyeballs, wat was really going on  ha  , back to the eye doctor in the morning!!"
things to do things to do!!! so lets get it done!!!
happyhappy joyjoy happyhappy joyjoy happyhappy joyjoy happy happy happy happy joy joy joy!!
musicmusicmuuussiiccc!!! i luvf music!!!!!
things that make y0u go hhmmm!!
i need to invest in a nice keyboard  get my piano on!!
"so my lease is up next month  gracious!!, time has flew by!!! anyone renting out there basement or anything?"
just got poked n the eyeball  im mean gracious!!
i can  see clearly now the rain is gone!!! and my vision is on point
"needs to invent a machine that when it hears my alarm (cause i never do) it will come, pick me up by my ankles, wrists, and hips out of the bed and into the air, and shake the crack out of me!!!!, "
im just sayin!!!  okay
"my life, my life, my life!!!! really?!"
football gives me heart palpations  !! go eagles!!
lease is up the 1st of oct  still on the search captains!!!
"the event, just may be my monday show to watch!!! gotta pay attention to that piece though!"
somebody is happy!!!!!
man im really lazy today!!
luvf the cosby show tap dancing challenge episode!!!  haaa too funny
needs to be in philly this wknd!!! im just sayin!!!!
do the humpty hump day dance!!!    wack wensday!! is in full effect!!!
"havent been to africa in the longest time!!, so glad to be back!!"
"im gonna go to sleep now, so tmrw can come much faster!!!!! <propfemale> and all that luvfly noise wil be n the house!!!  ohhhhh snapples!! nite nite!!"
had a great time with k&tn last night! as always!!
gracious!!
"so there was a total blackout at karaoke tonight! everything straight shut down  lights, music, tv's, everything!!    i was scared!! i peaced out sooo quick!!  lol"
can we say  attack of the flying stinkbugs!! these monkeys r all over the place!! okay  i dont like
"its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful dayfor a neighbor!!!  "
im solo im ridin solo im ridin solo im ridin solo solooooooooo!!!!
"something special in the air   its dem dang stink bugs!! just killed one, sorry about it!! they r funky to   good lawd!!"
ti red!+bed!= good lawd im sleepy!!
needs to start packing this week!! okay
am i the only one with a big kool aid smile on their face?!! whose smiling whose with me?!!!
why is it that in the game of hockey they allow the players to fight? always wondered about that there 
"was trying to make sweet love to her pillow, but!! couldn't get out my mind, how such a great night morning she had!!  <propmale> out with some special people, took some great pics, and now just on this cpu with a big smile on this chocolate face, just thinking about wat all just went down, and how i got so much luvf for those that were apart of this night morning!"
and the moving starts tommorow!!!
it smells like cat n this house!! gooooosshhhh!!! can not waite to be in a no cats allowed house!!
my phone is out!! until whenever!!  holla at me on this fb thang!!
somebody name <propfemale> is going to see usher n concert!!!  there goes my baaabbbyyyyyyyy!!
i hate not having my phone  its ashame actually  so dependent on that thang
"just got done playing some bbbbbassskkeettbaallllll!!  can we say   a work out!!! (wow) i havent played in longgg awhile, but still gotta lil bit of skillzs left i may say   heehe"
off to work i goooo!!   wack wensdaayyyy!!! doin the hump!!  jeeaahh get it get it!!!
im so sore!! it hurts to laugh!!
hot tub tiiimmmee yeeaaahhh!! finally
"i feel good , yeeah, i feeeelll goood (oh ohh) if it really feels to ya baby let me hear ya sayy   "
said a wuwuwuu!!
"oh snapples!! im finally going to my 1st eagles and deadskin wackskin foreskin,(what ever u want to call dem bammas) game monday niighhtt!! can say excitement about it!!"
tailgating right now  luvf the fact i see so many eagles fan!!!
"needs a serious fix of some <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> kwolek acousticness!!!, but i already know thats not gonna happen  im just sayin!!   gosh!!"
"so let it be written, so let it be im doonneee!! (with work!!) sayy word"
eagles and giant game  i think i might need a paper bag!!!
and let the game begin!!!
still on a high from the eagles win!!!!!
"time is ticking down! jeeeeeaaahhhh! next thing ya know, i will be seeing some of my favorite people at the clarendon ballroom namely <propfemale> kwolek aka blkness, <propmale> ahern aka <propmale> the killa, <propfirst> p  myers aka gangsta <propfirst>, and <propfemale> webb aka megalicious!! and of course ericerric and finefine mr  bones okayyy!!! can we say <propfemale> and the noise !!!!!!!!"
"to the whole <propfemale> and the noise band i must say   goood lawd that was amazing, the new joints on point!! luvfed every single song, except for that piece i had no clue what song it was , but always always a good time!!!  love "
why cant people be this happy and thankfull all the time and everyday   (things that make u go hhmm)
watching the boys play football  umm that one can tackle me   im just sayin  ha!
oh snapples!!! snow white and the seven dwarfs are on!!! they are on jam session now with snow white now! grumpy is gettin it on the keyboards!!!  lol
itssss frriiiddaaayyy  smile  but dang!! i gotta work tmrw   can we say wacktacious!!
"was at the the clarendon ballroom for a lil bit of mr  greengenes action   over all a nice time  , but some of the chicks there needed a serious elbow to the eyeball!! im just sayin!!"
"no wsrihsahjkfgkjhsfdmhn, laugh rhjm"
its cold!!!!!!! i dont like it!!
havent gone to bed yet!!!! wat the croooooccccckkkkkk
my shoulder still hurts!!!
had to get out the house!
has to wear an eye patch for a week!! but this patch is on some bling blaaow status!!! hollleerr
who needs a massage?!
e a g l e s!!!!!
before i leave brush my teethwith a bottle of <propfirst>   
slleeeeppppp noooowwww
appreciates it sooo much more when someone gives me something just because they were thinking of me
its sooo cold!!!!!
wat da gwaan!!!
its tooooooooooooo cooolddddddddd great monkeyyyyy  gosh!!!!!!!
its not a good idea to watch man vs food when you are mad hungry about it!!! im just sayin
has been tossing and turning for like 4hrs!!!! wat da gwaan!!
maybe i know somewhere deep in my soul that love never last and we got to find other ways to make it alone and keep a straight face and ive always lived like this keeping a comfortable distance and up until now i swore to myself that im content with lonelines   
why am i not tired?
you love him but you cant have him soooooo keep it movin!!
im ridin solo im ridin soloooo!! i c snowflake on the rode!! haaa
"oh na na   whats my name oh na na   whats my name , cant get this song out my head! sorry bout it!!"
thats what im talkin bout!!!   eagles babyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
its time for my friend ciroc to come out and play!! yummmy
one more client to go!! unless i get a walk in or an add on at the very end of my day
lets see if i can be in the bed by midnight!! lawd knows i need the sleep!!!  im out!! reaces peaces!!!
count down to seeing ushers face!!!!!!
"ushers voice!!!! can we say   , parkay (butter!!)  he was awesome last night"
lyrics!!!!!!!! gosh!
hate!!! that i missed my eagles win!!  but from what i heard i would have needed a paper bag and heart defibullator!!!
"just saw lady gaga video <propmale> for the first time, umm can we say    wat the gwan?!!"
my mind is saying get out bed but my body is saying dont u even think about it!! i hate being sick  sad 
"still sick and in bed   , can we say wacktacious!!!"
can somebody tackel a qb!!!
that game was wack!!!
sick again? really
"when you find out you are pregnant, it can be a real surprise!!"
" love  l u v f  love  say it and share it  ,it makes you feel good inside and all over!! im just sayin!!"
i know that was a paperbag game for u jets fan!! wow u can breathe now
watching the way of the dragon!! <propmale> <propmale> got jacked up in the piece good lawd!!
fist of fury now!!   haaa <propmale> <propfirst> was the man!! oh snap he just brought'em out!!!!  
eagles!! lets go baby!!! lets work this 2nd half out!!   my paperbag is too hot right now!!
defense is losing this game for us  get it together!! good gracious
soooo wack!
sooo sad at the moment!!! i need an adult beverage!!!! whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy gosh!!
"okay im over it!! can't lie though, i really wanted my birds to go further and to the superbowl, but i feel deep down in my bone marrow we will see that day come!!! fly eagles fly baby!! it was a rollercoaster of a ride this season! i enjoyed every high and low!!"
was gonna do karaoke tonight but its too cold and really dont feel like it anymore at the moment   sorry about it!!
no sir i dont like it!!! (snow) i frown at you!!
wat up peoples!! i would luvf to see some familiar faces at <propfirst>'s in woodbridge va this sat night!! grand theft radio will be putting in some work for your pleasure!!! come have fun!!!
right right turn off the light we gonna lose our minds tonight wats the deal yo?!
"att: grand theft radio will not i repeat will not be putting in some work at <propfirst>'s sports bar &lounge in woodbridge, va  i guess the place got doubled booked  wacktacious!!! i was really looking forward to it   sad face!!"
"you feel like paradise, and i need a vacation tonight!  lollol just sayin"
"wow!!  football i tell ya, i luvf it!"
"oh snapples peoples!! i got my 1st official acoustic show with captain <propfirst> <propfirst>  here in broadlands, va! the parallel wine bistro is the place to be this thursday night!!! starts at 7 smile 0pm come get your wine on!!!"
why the crock r emissions needed!!? i totally understand the safety part but why emissions makes no sense to me!! just sayin
the <propfemale> is so bright and pretty right now!!
"att: all winos calling all winos!! dont forget to report to parallel wine bistro tonight at 7 smile 0 in broadlands, to get your tastebuds tickled with a variety of delicious wine and your ears tickled with some live acousticness with <propfirst> and i!!! hollleerr"
"luvfs it when a clients falls asleep while getting there massage and starts to snore it up and gets to twitching and slobbing all down there cheeks(they just ruin that facial)   but i tell ya, thats the biggest compliment!!"
"is that a rainbow around the <propfemale>?, i believe so  preeeetyyyy"
im so cold!!!
who cares    i sure dont!! im hungry!!
i will be rooting for the steelers for the super bowl   i dont like packers
my left ear is really plugged up at the moment!! what the crock can i do to unplug it?
clear!!!!
"ooooooo k!!! so 2mrw i will be traveling to <propmale>ware! the acousticness flow of <propfirst> <propfirst> and myself, will be going down at a spot called <propmale> <propfemale> cafe! never been there before, but hope to see some familar faces!! starts at 10pm"
spiritual food bout to get eatin up!!
stuck in de for another night and its not because of all this snow!!  such a crazy day!
"soooooo i made it home today from delware, had a great time!! to say a few words about it  , <propfirst> <propfirst> is such a talented dude and life saver!! luvf him, and two i hate hertz car rental, seriously   they are sooo wack!!"
"back on the road to <propfemale>, but this time without all that white stuff on the road!!"
"and now   back on the road again from <propfemale> to va, i seriously need a massage  seriously!!"
"gonna get my <propfemale> and the noise fix on!!! this friday!! its about time!! thank you sooo much ms <propfemale> pollard for agreeing to come along!! but to be honest, and i think you know, i was going to get there regardless!! but i still got mad luvf ya gurl!! wack wendsday is officially over!!! freakin fantastic friday on is the way!!!"
oh my goodness its friday!!! do you know what that means??!!  love 
"would like to give a big thanks to <propfemale> jaworski, <propfemale> zelones, <propfirst> zelones aka bgt, <propmale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propfirst>, sameiha, <propfemale> thursby  and <propmale> for coming out to support gtr!!! i had a great time  luvf luvf luvf!!!!  love "
i think usher made the whole show!!!
well at least it was an exciting game    sorry to my pittsburge friends      eagles 2012!!! just sayin
"warm milk!!! ugh sooooo nasty!!!!, im gaggin as i type"
lol!! the adventure of handiman on in living color!!    to funny
yes it 535 in the am and yes im still awake!! wat the crock is all that about?!
that was the best sleep ever in life!!!!but now im gonna be up all night again  ugghhhh!!
every kiss begins k!
is on the solo tip at clydes gettin my eat on!!!  cause thats how i roll!!
yo!! your shorts are freakin tight!!
"@grand theft radio hits up the end zone in gaithersburge md tmrw! new place for me, <propfemale> glad im not driving, because this lady would get so lost!! just sayin"
"im glad i made the effort to get out my bed to make my meeting this morning! now though, its time for a lil n a p  for meee!!!!!!!"
i think <propfemale> redeemed herself a lil bit with that one
now that was just too too much screaming at the end
hey soul sister!!!!
why did she have to come in an egg to perform that? im kind of confused   she did a good job though
<propmale> ahern you did a great job at the grammys tonight!!!!!  smile 
i luvf me some <propmale> mars!!!!
haaaa!! i wanna crowd surf!!
i want usher!!!  just sayiin
im lookin forward to ce lo!!!   ha sorry just sayin   wonder wat song he is gonna do?!!
"i know i have not a clue who this lady is that just won the best new artist, but im so glad she beat out the beiber!!!  lol sorry bout it"
why is it that i so seriously have to clear my throat when nene talks   i have said this before!!
you can get wit this! or you can get wit that!     you can get wit this or you can get wit that   
doggish!!!!
goooooddd lawd!!!!!!!!
"has a paper letter to respond back to  no texting no iming , old school paper and pen response "
am watching eight below and i may have to shed more than one tear watching these dang dogs!!!! awwwww i want some like them  sad 
happy happy joy joy!!! happy happy joy joy!!!! happy happy happy happy happy happyjoy joy joy!!!
bring me a higher luvf ooh!!  
deuces!!!!
your deleted!!!
its rainning ice balls right now!!! haaa ice balls  lol i need to go to sleep!!
received another great compliment on the massage i just gave   i got the slobber on the floor to prove it!!  ha!
"just finished watching inception   three words   \wat the crock?!\""  i think he was still dreaming at the end but im not really sure    gosh!!!!"""
i use to be fat!!
i need a dollar dollar a dollar is what i need!!
needs food to get in my belly!! what to eat?!
i feel like a baby monkey riding backwards on a pig  baby monkey!!!
pajama jeans   really??
i really need to start getting to bed alot earlier!!! but how?!! gracious
"sitting here at the head of my massage table with the light dimmed low the candles smelling ohh so nice and the sound of trickeling water and bells and piano music in the background, waiting for my last client to come and enjoy their massage  but i might need to sneak a lil nap on this bed!! just sayin"
my dvd player sucks!!!!
mahalo cove tonight!!  ohhh snapples!! work it out!
wants to thank all who came out to mahalo cove last night to support grand theft radio!! had a blast with everyone!! looking forward to be back there soon!! holllerr!!
i mean did you hear that thunder!!! that was scarey!!
swweeeeeeeeeeeeeetttt deeeeeeeeeesspositionnnn
"a moment, a love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs          "
do you know how much a tire cost? and i have 4!!
strawberry mentos!!! taste sooo good about it!!
yea ya smile in face then rip the breaks out my car!! bamma!!!
who do u think u are running round leaving scars  
you can have a good time without alcohol!!!  
"gettin the hair did in dc! lets see if i can make it back before my 7oclock client! then off to warrenton va the wing fanatic as they awaite grand theft radio to put in some more work!!! i hope they got good wings for real , cause a sista will be hungry! just sayin"
what was the last thing u did before u got on fb today? just curious about it
on the road to the end zone!! sooo happy im not driving!! just sayin   grand theft radio comin at cha!! holler
"its an order in type of night, but what to order?!"
froot loops!!! where have  you been all my life!!!!
all about <propfirst> needs to think about alll that stuff she did to her face and how she needs to know it is not a good look   okay!! just sayin
"has a feeling the po po will be out and in full effect tonight!! they aint gonna get me, cause this sista is staying in for the evening!!! it will be a straight party for one under this roof!!"
law & order svu just got crazy!!! woooooow!!
nothing compares nothing compares to yoouuuuu!!    ha  smile 
why be so loud when u right in my grill   bring it down an octave please about it!!   just sayin
needs to get a new dvd player   gracious!!!
i need a massage!!! just sayin
yooo!!!!!!  surprise 
pauly d cracks me up!! im just sayin     and hes fine too!!
rain rain go away come back here      never!!!
somebody name <propfemale> sanders can not sleep  just sayin!! gracious
sleep sleep time!!
"tonight!! i will be having some acoustic fun with <propfirst> <propfirst> at the oyster bar in northeast, md   can't waite!! i might need to get there early enough to get down on that menu!! the food there looks inviting to get in my belly!! just sayin!!"
"has arrived at her destination safe and sound and mad early!!  ,soooo i think will eat, sleep, and sing!! holler"
had a great acoustic time with <propfirst> <propfirst> at the oyster bar last night!! nice spot  wonderful people and off the hook food!!! yum yum!!  just sayin! look to be back there soon!!
i did not know that was <propfemale> from the real world!!
is wondering if i should do this 1500 dollar karaoke contest for celebrate fairfax festival this summer   again!
at present  its very much a wack wednesday  but! l know for a fact that wack wednesday will turn into a wonderful live acoustic filled musical night! entertainment brought to u by no other than <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> kwolek aka blackness!!!
dont call it a come back i been here for years!!   just sayin
thinking about too many things all at once!!! my brain hurts when that happens!! can we say calm it down about it!!    just sayin
when a man loves a woman movie gets my tears rolling everytime!!! gracious about it!!
"luvf   is luvf , and i luvf everyone i luvf!! just sayin"
my buns are done who wants one?!!! haaa
for once in my life ummm    no!! sorry bout it
"<propmale> gotta go!! <propmale> gotta go! <propmale> gotta go   sorry bout it , just sayin"
i know we better not get no snow this wknd!! gracious about it
"dear loudon county police officers,\i want to thank you for not giving me a well deserved ticket for the 4th time   i thank u for being so understanding that i have a wack car that keeps failing emissions  please continue to be patient with me! just sayin"
yooo!! its friday
what does friday mean to you? just askin
sooooo sick!!    boooo!!! i miss two great events yesterday!!!   i suck i suck  
"just cause you feel like crap, dont mean you gotta look like crap!  just sayin"
"gotta be out by june!!, the search is on!! how does that song start out, oh yeah  , here we go againnnnnnnn!! i kinda wannna stop mooooovvviin!!   just sayin"
should i let h&r block do my taxes or turbo tax online?  haa i need some money!!  just sayin
jersey shore cast on silent library   tooo funny!!! omgoodnes!!
"have been moving around all my life, just gettin ti red of it!! just sayin"
i will be going for uconn!!
and its a wrap!!! sorry bout it ky
how do you eat 10 slugs in 4 mins and take a shot of bile from a cows gallbladder?!  yeah i just threw up in my mouth a lil bit too!!
bacon and eggs yeeeaahh!!    i ate that joint like it was my last meal about it!!!
should i get another beta fish?      
can we say     chicken burrito from chipotle   going into the whole in my face and in my belly!!!!!!!omg soooooooo good!!! chomp chomp!!!
"so i have alot of yankees friends and also alot of phillies friends  but i must admit im not that into baseball, i mean i'll watch it, but it doesnt play with my emotions and make my heart travel in and out of my body, like football does   so who do i choose?"
"it might be rainy and damp and cold right now, but later on tonight i will get some sunshine in my life!!   just sayin"
mahalo cove! tonight!!! i wanna see ur faces!! start time 930pm!! say word!
sleeeeeeeppp!!!!
im an owl!!
is craving a slurpe from 7-11!!! they better have a good selection to choose from!! just sayinnnn
ohhhh snapples!! got my dress for sat!!! me like!!  smile 
gettin the hair did!!!  say word!
"i mean i know april showers brings may flowers, but why today when i gots to drive?!   just sayin!!!"
"bumpin some boyz ii men in the car in this traffic on 95, can we say party for one in the marroon altima!! these people lookin like they want join me   just sayin"
univ of delware ext 109b
wants to invest in my first cordless mic!! but whats the best kind to get that wont make me feel like i gots to go <propmale> a guitar center?! just sayin a sista aint <propmale> about it!!
tmrw=road trip=acousticness=great music=great people=fun fun times=just sayinnnn!!!
