894c31a7ddec410b5c9f577aee0e00f1
likes spending time with his family 
likes the thought of living in fiji again right now 
has been watching and listening to thunderstorms all day  sweet stuff 
went to church with my kids this morning and then watched some avatar for father's day  those kids are so cute 
"had a couple of awesome days all in a row, even though it was sweltering outside  i love my kiddos "
is done with hearing about dead celebs  i'd rather talk about people that are alive and matter to me  just sayin' 
is tired   
god is in control   just gotta keep remembering that 
happy independence day everyone!
needs to get some dr  scholl's footpads or something  my feet hurt!
20 hours of hard physical labor in two days   is my body ready for this?
god is big enough and good enough  now i just have to believe that 
just got done visiting with my uncle <propfirst>! first time a visitor from the nw has come out here in a while  feels nice!
"january of this year i weighed 238  i now weigh 183  eat smaller meals, about six times a day, and go to restaurants less often "
getting the kids ready for church on time is sometimes harder than it seems  especially when last minute they both spill milk all over themselves!
something about thinking you have an eight hour day and ending up with a ten hour day makes your back hurt soooo much more  i need some painkillers 
"my babies are sick! pray that they don't have anything serious, please! the doctor said their rashes could be the beginning of something pretty bad, so pray that it's nothing!"
"thanks for your prayers everybody  they still have rashes, but they look the same as yesterday, which means that it's probably nothing serious  i'll let everybody know more as i know more  thanks again "
kids look better and seem to be feeling fine  thanks again for all the prayers! still don't know 100% what it was 
life is too short to not live like this  romans 12:14 make every effort to live in peace with all men and to be holy; without holiness no one will see the lord 
"well, what an exciting day! i'm tired, so i'll tell you all about it later   "
"looks like i'm all signed up for classes, and almost ready to go  not sure about being in a math class again though   cross your fingers!"
my sister <propfemale> might be having a baby right now!
my sister had her baby girl earlier today and both are doing fine! i'm an uncle again!
mia <propfirst> and my sister <propfemale> are both doing well! i love little babies!
anyway sweet ideas on what to do this weekend? keep in mind i've got a 20 month old and a three year old 
"school starts today, pray everything goes well!"
"18 hours makes for a pretty big workload, but i'm feeling pretty good about it  just gotta take it in chunks!"
"i love my kids  i don't like too much popcorn at the movies, however "
i love my family 
"second week of school, and i think i'm starting to pick up on my math again "
"would appreciate a lot of prayers right now  pray for strength, wisdom, and <propfemale>  send me a message if you want to talk "
"anybody ever wish they had a time machine? i'm majoring in physics, so i'm going to find somebody who's working on that "
is 85% done with his math homework  must read after that   
finally    my math is done    for today 
"please continue to pray  big day tomorrow, so please keep me in your thoughts  like i said before, please message me if you want to know more "
i hope i can get some schoolwork done    but i'm definitely going to watch the bears 
finished three math assignments while watching the bears game   just wish they would've won!
is beat  everything just seems to be coming all at once 
so many tests this week  got to get some sleep to help my brain!
"would like to congratulate all those i know who've been getting married recently  i love you, and i wish you the best! wish i could have been there!"
had a good weekend  now it's time for school   
please pray for my dad  he is going in for surgery today  they are checking his lymph nodes for cancer 
"continue to pray for my dad please, and i should know more about it possibly on tuesday  this next week is going to be really rough on me "
"thank you all for your prayers  surgery went well, and my dad has no cancer in his lymph nodes! praise god!"
"for those of you praying for me, please do so again  tomorrow could be pretty significant  pray for wisdom and for god's will to be done  thanks "
is tired  emotionally drained today 
is glad my mom got to meet <propfemale> for the first time  hope it's not so long in between visits next time 
"is needing to sleep more, but for some reason my body won't let me "
is not very efficient with math homework when near a computer in the library 
"three exams today  did good on one, decent on another, and maybe not so good on the last "
"and we rejoice in the hope of the <propfemale> of god  not only so, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope "
i'm caught up on schoolwork   i just wish there was a way to catch up on life 
"another exam today  i'm feeling really good about this one beforehand  it's math, and i think i know all the stuff i need to "
"i'm pretty sure i aced my trig exam, i got a 76% on chem (which in that class is like getting a 95), 80% on psych and 88% on anthropology  not a bad week for school "
"i just checked it out, and out of 1200 people taking my psych exam, only 61 (5%) got a b or higher  yeah, i got a b "
"little <propfirst> told me today that one of his friends \chewed on a big pickle and got swine flu \"""""
"\forgiveness is not for pictures  forgiveness is with food!\"" - words of wisdom from little <propfirst>"""
is glad god is faithful even when we aren't 
"is missing a lot of people rigt now  if you're reading this, there's a 95% <propmale> you can apply it to you "
is still here 
happy birthday <propfemale>! she's two today! crazy how time flies!
"had a good day today, even with some bad news in between  looking forward to a good day tomorrow "
"thinks too much, or is it not enough? i don't know what to do "
is finally ready for tomorrow  so much to do   so little time 
almost the weekend  something to look forward to every week at least 
"is going to see \paranormal activity\"" today with the kids  this ought to be fun """
"all joking aside, i am going tricking or treating right now!"
col 3:13 - forgive as the lord forgave you 
is missing people 
"eph  4 smile 2 - be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in christ god forgave you "
"has about six math lessons to do right now, and that's why i love facebook "
guess who still isn't done with his math? but i guess it's bedtime 
"remember, remember, the fifth of november   "
prov  19:11 - a man's wisdom is his <propfemale>; is is to his <propfemale> to overlook and offense 
"such a beautiful day  already went to the park, and after naps, i'll probably blow bubbles in the yard for a while  lj and <propfemale> love bubbles "
"what in the world? we're all ready for church, and there's almost half an hour before we have to leave!"
"so far, the kids haven't gotten out of bed once  after i read to them, they just stay in bed  i'm good with that "
"is busy, but needs to be busier?"
"rom 12:21 - do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good "
"<propmale> 40:8 - the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of our god stands forever "
"is excited that he's understanding his calculus again  it's been a couple of weeks, but now we're getting somewhere!"
"rom 1:16 - i am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of god for the salvation of everyone who believes "
had a great day with the kids  need to rest up for another good one tomorrow  i love these kids so much 
"hurray for homework! i'm actually doing pretty good today, almost done "
"just got out of classes for the week  yeah, you heard me  sweet "
heading to downtown chicago  gotta show a friend the best pizza place in the city 
"is having a good weekend  it's not perfect, but that would take a miracle, so it's pretty good!"
"dear friends and family, i love you  hope you have a sweet day!"
i can't believe it's time for finals  i've almost got 18 more credits under my belt!
"is done with one class  i needed a 35 50 on the final to get an a in the class, and i think i may have pulled it off "
"three finals today, and two papers! hurray for the end of the semester!"
"only two finals left to go, but one of them is a huge percentage of my grade, soi've got to study up  i wish i had internet access at my house  i gotta get on that "
definitely know that i got an a in two classes so far  another i'm pretty sure about  that's 3 a's outta six classes probaby  sweet 
"finished putting up the christmas tree, and got some lights and ornaments for it  should be lit up by tonight!"
"4 a's, 1 b, and one possible b or c! i feel just fine about taking 18 credits!"
"okay, final grades   4 a's, 2 b's  that's the most classes i could take at once and i'm super happy about that "
"psalm 119:67,71 - before i was afflicted i went astray, but now i obey your word  it was good for me to be afflicted so that i might learn your decrees "
"i have a lot to do, and very little ambition to do it  i miss people right now "
"well, a new year, and a new semester, and thank god for computer labs   "
why does it cost hundreds of dollars to buy the books necessary to take classes that i'm already paying thousands of dollars for? does that make sense to anybody?
all of a sudden i'm super busy 
anybody want to help with calculating vectors for physics right now? anyone?
"tired today, but it was well worth seeing some friends "
can't figure it out 
"it's doppelganger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status  (i never do these things, but this one was just funny)"
it's so random to see <propmale> wood every time i open my facebook 
"i never feel like my weekend is long enough  not enough time with kids, not enough time for homework, bible studies, you name it  weekends need to be like, 5 days, and weekdays two "
"life is hard work sometimes, and that's fine, but lately i've been feeling kind of bummed by the paychecks "
congratulations to my sister-in-law <propfemale> cervantes for gettting an oppurtunity to start her missionary journey  good luck in nc 
hurray for homework time!
"i don't know when, or how, but my homework was erased off my usb  that is not good  first time for everything, right?"
"is it okay that i took a bubble bath last night, and while soaking, i read my physics book?"
knows this isn't going to happen without love 
"is not excited about this friday  please pray for me and my family  if you want to know more, get ahold of me "
"stop right there, that's exactly where i lost it  see that line, well i never should've crossed it  stop right there, well i never should've said that  it's the very moment that i wish that i could take back  i'm sorry for, the person i became  i'm sorry that, it took so long for me to change  i'm ready to, to never became that way again  cuz who i am hates who i've been, who i am hates who i've been "
"finally, all of you, be sympathetic, love as brothers, be compassionate and humble  do not repay evil with evil or insult with insult, but with a blessing, because to this you were called so that you may inherit a blessing (1 pet 3:8,9)"
"lots of birthdays this month, including my dad (<propmale> knowlton) on sunday and my mother-in-law (<propfemale> suchwalko tarantino) on saturday  happy birthday to all of you born in this fine month!"
i love physics lab reports  they're the best!
"is not excited about school right now, but is excited about spring break next week "
is not feeling well  think i got something from my kiddos 
"loves his kids, so, so much "
"happy \it's an awesome day to be an irishmen\"" day"""
"i don't normally do this, but please look at my profile picture "
"\what saves a man is to take a step  then another step \"" - c s  <propfirst> ( a great man from ireland)"""
i miss my babies 
school seems to be just flying by  just over a month left and i'll be done with another semester 
is not having fun today  are we supposed to always be having fun?
"what a day  broken tooth  rip in my favorite pants  teacher hated my presentation  up late studying, but still not sure about test  ugh "
"a man once <propfemale> from the dead  24,633 manuscripts to verify it  it's worth taking a look at "
had about as good a weekend as i could  now it's time to get on with my schoolwork 
"11 months today  please continue to pray for my family, and thank you to those of you that have "
hates having homework when he wants to be spending time with the kids  gotta power through it!
"finally got that paper finished  hurray, that leaves another good hour to spend with the kids sad "
"missing all my friends from sandpoint coeur d'alene today, and some of you republicans  as well "
"\no good can come from spacebook \"" - mr  hewitt"""
"almost done with this semester  about 6 more classes, and it looks like only three finals  yes!"
had a good weekend with the kids  just a couple weeks to go til summer!
looks like i get to <propfemale> out with the kiddos again today! hurray!
loves doing anything with his kids 
"today is the anniversary of the worst day of life, but it lead to me being the best man i've ever been  i wish it never happened, but that somehow i learned everything anway "
i hope all the mothers out there had a great day yesterday! i know i did  anytime with the kids is good! and thanks to <propfirst> schuster for the great lunch and company!
why does it seem like the 'good times' never last as long as the 'bad times '
"i haven't had this much time off in quite a while, but i'm sure it's just a fluke  the rest of my summer should be pretty busy "
so     not having the internet isn't always a bad thing    but sometimes it's not fun 
"i feel like i'm working all the time, but not making any money  anybody else?"
i am my own affliction 
"oh happiness, there's grace! enough for us and the whole human race!"
"almost father's day, and i still haven't gotten my dad a card or anything  i need to get on that "
"i did not realize that kids' stomachs hold so much stuff  <propfirst> threw up twice this morning, and it was all over the floor  he feels better now though!"
praying for <propmale> cervantes and uganda 
my friends and family are amazing people  i love them 
god has shown me that i am loved by many  you cannot put a price on that!
"1 cor 13: 4love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud  5it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  6love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  7it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  8 love never fails "
"weekend with the kids  love it  it's almost a full one too, which is the first time in a long time "
"watched fantastic mr  fox with the kids for free at the park  it was such a great time  almost a perfect day, really "
4 days worked - over 57 hours cleaning or tearing out carpet  welcome to my new job  came home early today - only worked 12 and 1 2 hours  shortest day yet 
"haven't been on facebook for a long time, because in the last 2 weeks i've worked 140 hours or so  it's been much needed though, and i think it'll slow down to a 'normal' pace relatively soon "
i love my family 
having a great time hanging out with my dad! <propmale> knowlton
"for what gives you the right to make such a judgement? what do you have that god has not given you? and if everything you have is from god, why boast as though it were not a gift? 1 cor 4:7 (nlt)"
"the sacrifices of god are a broken spirit;\a broken and contrite heart, o god, you will not despise  psalm 51:17"
taking <propfirst> to his kyuki-do class tonight  i love being with these little crazy kids 
"i'm going to be honest with you, nobody loves their kids more than i love mine  there, i said it "
"every morning, as surely as the sun rises, is a new opportunity to be the person god wants you to be today "
"<propfemale> is wearing her 'da bears' shirt, in anticipation of the game tonight "
happy birthday <propfirst> <propfirst> blaney
so hard to focus on the positive sometimes  i miss too many people too often 
"therefore, since we have so great a cloud of witnesses surrounding us, let us also lay aside every encumbrance and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, (heb 12:1)"
"my daughter turned 3 recently  how in the world did that happen? i love my little ones so, so much "
"you are more than the choices that you've made, you are more than the sum of your past mistakes, you are more than the problems you create, you've been remade "
"i love you and miss you! (if you're wondering if this was meant for you, then the answer is an emphatic yes!)"
my son turns 5 in 6 days  that's just downright crazy!
"let's start doing something awesome, today "
still here 
let's get ready for some snow 
going to idaho with the kids in late march! super excited!
"<propfirst> perkins said it right, \love is the final fight\"""""
"busy, busy, busy are the bokononists "
idaho! i missed you!
