47dcd52908d32a0287b40159e25689fb
im so unphotogenic look at my picture its sum wite anime <propfemale> chick
this college stuff bores and frustates me 
i need a  boo i really do  sad 
my sister is a total buttmuncher!!!
i feel kinda weird right now   
i hate chores with a passion especially when my siters get to leave without doing them 
i see him and he sees me but are we seeing through the same eyes? what does he see?
the weater's bipolor it was rainning but now its compltely <propfemale>! wth!!
o wth how that get there?
its on twice!!! wth
wwwaaaaaaaa      i hate life
this college stuff is no joke i have like 30 things to do before the end of the month or my schlorship application get flushed  and im not even half way done!!!! arrrrgggg!!!!
hes like a <propfemale>  a beautiful creation but such a pain in the ass 
i get bored really easily  hmm  i give people permission to raid my house but find it first 
if anyone can get a decent picture of me then and only then will i post it on my facebook myspace 
yay the computer works!! and our tree is the smexyist tree in the whole world 
pink champagne  yum! happy new year!
watched inception for the first time  its kinda sad 
went to bed at 5am  pretty bomb  woke up 20 minutes ago  1:45pm 
computer crashed again   
what if you saw into the future and what you saw actually happend? what would you do?
"sooo funny look: pants on the ground pants on the ground lookin like a fool with you pants on the ground gold in your mouth hat turned sideways, pants hit the ground call yourself a cool cat looking like a fool walking down town with your pants on the ground!"
i have that omonious feeling right now  like something bad    i mean really bad is going to happen 
happy yet pissed at the same time  too much preperation fo college          and cramps 
whaaa it doesnt work!!!
"everything in this room is edible  even im edible, but that my friends is canibalism and is frowned apon in most socities!"
sooooo bored today  can't wait to see all my loving friends!
breast inplants are linked to terrorist activity?!? wtf whats the world coming to?
"as a former computer game addict, i just want to say    i miss those days "
"sand & sun, wind & rain, trees and plants all look the same  i play and eat, i work and sleep, but in my dreams i call your name "
"hey world im a ninja-vampire, what now soso"
to touch your face and see your smile  makes me want to stay awhile 
wars are fought over your smiles : )
quick!!! think of a nickname for me!
imm fa fa fa fa freezing!
1 more essay to go!  ha take that <propmale>!
ngi i love you very much but        im going to have to deport you  sorry  
"my parents think im sleeping, but i'm positively not, for beneath my pile of covers i am doing quite a lot "
i just watched the time travelers wife guys  it was so sad   
today seemed incredubly lucky for a lot of people  it was an overall good day 
i think my mom predicted that i was going to come late today    and now      tomarrow the sat  wish me luck 
i cant take my phone to the sat  ill most likely be at the mall around 1 
i finished the sat  it wasn't that bad     
wow  theres like a million people on  hi everyone! i luv you!!!!
my sister saw a pit bull attack a small dog  shes tramatized  poor thing 
what happen to the guy who tried to take a 76 yr old 5th degree black belt's purse           he died 
"57 insults in one day! i take the laptop to my room and she thinks im hiding some boy in my room and that i should think hard about what i am doing!  which would be   ? sorry ngi, you are going back to nigeria!!!!"
there seems to be no specific useful information about japanese americans in the census  why do i always manage to pick the most difficult subjects?
help! cant figure out census data for japanese americans  i think im going to cry!
is finished with her history report! wooo hoooo!!!
so the new battery i got for my phone is not charging so the battery has died 
running through  the house singing who let the dogs out and single ladies  kick off to a great week!
you people are all lucky that you don't have two mothers at home  its a good thing they both have work or else i would die!
so sore    biked 10 <propmale>    woke up in pain    on the bright side: im on a boat    in 3 hours woohoo
san <propfemale> in a day   yah right! cant even do fisherman's wharf in a day  but i took a boat to frisco and had fun  smile 
my phone works now woohoo
i get to see all my friends tomarrow! i miss you all so very much 
life is like milking a cow  you got to milk it for all its got  sometimes it can be sour  but its worth it when its oh so sweet 
had fun today  everything is moving so fast  next year im going to need a new lunch crowd  sad 
"i dont know about you guys but, im pretty sure grandmas arent suppose to call their grandchildren stupid asses "
"i was wondering maybe, could i make you my baby, if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy, or would it be so beautiful, either way im saying if you ask me im ready    love this song lol"
so <propfirst> was vibrating on the bus today and making funny sounds  it was amusing 
so im at a baby shower for my god sister  a piece of chicken fell on my pants  and my phone refuses to text anyone but does everything else  but having a good time 
my poor virgin eyes can't take much more  please put some clothes on!
"i mean like, ooh my god im <propfemale> in love i found you finallyy, you make me want to say oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh       oh my god!           -usher"
my prettyful hair got all screwed up while sleeping  now i must flatten it with no flat iron 
sniff redbox ran out of avatar  now ill never see it  unless my dad buys it  daddy come home  my mothers are killing me 
so i need to learn how to draw better  guess ill start practicing 
my mom yelled at me this mourning for not remebering what she emailed me  but come on i went to bed at like 11 and woke up at 3 cant even remeber what i ate yesterday 
eating rice then i have to order pizza for my sister that eats even more then <propfirst>  i didnt think that was physically possible til sunday  girl ate half the food there 
i dont know what i did but my neck is killing me  maybe i shouldnt have climbed that fence    anyways anyone want to be a camp cousouler? its free!
africans have too much drama  my parents kept me up and now i cant fall asleep  im going to need coffee in the mournig 
"everything in this room is edible, even i am edible  but that my friends is canibalism and is frowned upon in most societies     lol watching <propmale> wonka "
omg avatar was <propfemale> incredibly epic  i almost cried 
this is a winter day in nigeria  lovely huh   
bugs bugs bugs  just because im african they think they can bite me whenever they want  im sooo tired  donteven know what im sayin 
no more <propfemale> testing ever! woohooo yesh!
i totally know what i want for my birthday! a simple bracelet    and a camera    and a ds    and a pokemon game    and streetfighters 4    and final fantasy    and an ipod    and oh nevermind 
cookies!!! sugar high!!! woooohooooo
i want to get my ears pierced again   
ive had a headache all day  maybe it was the cookies  wink   anyway when my new laptop gets here everything will go much smoother 
is 1510 on the sat good?
does anyone have a power cord for an hp laptop that they don't use?
my mother has trapped me & sisters in our house and we're not allowed to eat  if you want to sneak us food just look for the house with the crazy african lady screaming attack at tv 
prom sounded like fun  ill got next year who wants to come with?
"yummy, creamy, sticky, white     and black ice cream! yesh"
im actually doing homework! i must be sick or something 
im i too old to run away from home? cuz its sounding pretty good to me right now 
drawin a blank right now   
if fairfield were cool like san <propfemale> would it be called the field? anyways ice cream is sooooooo good  mmmmmmm  smile 
so people question  whats the meaning of life and how did we manage to make it so complicated?
"cookies, biking and the cupid shuffle  that is what my afternoon consisted of  but i feel hollow, shallow and empty inside  ha i have way too much thinking time "
to anyone ive ever complained to im so sorry  if im anything like my grandma youve been through hell  thanks for puting up with me  i can be insensitive at times  sorry for not being more     interesting? i could have been better 
arrg    theres a little person in my tummy going crazy with a golf club 
dude the guy who plays <propfirst> <propmale> on burn notice is sooo hot!!!
my grandma nearly killed my sisters for fake tattoos on their backs  ha it a good thing i didnt tell her about the real tattoo i plan on getting 
most of my cookies were eaten by the local cookie monster today  and yesterday the cookie monster ate my pizza 
im going to be completely truthful for 24hrs  you can ask me anything (only in my inbox) and i will answer honestly  i dare you to post this as your status and see what you get asked 
good news- i have two real best friends  ive never had one before  bad news- they both left me 
my local abominable snow woman changed the weather from 'spring time' to ' did hell just frezee over?' 
if <propfemale> had two mothers like mine    she'd call a cab and hightail it outta there 
ate fast food for the first time this year and now i feel bloated  my dad was terrible  he kept crackin fat jokes about the lady at the counter  i dont care how funny they were or how fat she was  its not nice daddy!
dear ngi conviced that every guy in the world is trying to rape me  i need a car w  licence soon 
my sister is cursing everyone out  i keep telling her that you guys can hear her and the computer doesnt work like that   
i feel sick  i feel drained  i just might slowly go insane 
when i close my eyes i see you  traces the planes of your body  taste the sweetness of your lips  but when i open them your not there  where are you?
"don't you hate it when you have a million thing spread out for a project, and when your almost done you can't find that little but very important <propfirst> of the project "
omg i just had the bestest coconut cake ever 
love is a beautiful thing  it comes in many forms  im lucky to be loved in a few of those forms 
soooooo drained  sooooo sleepy  unicorns dancing with aliens over rainbows in a toxic waste dump  what a weird ass dream that would be 
so now according to my little sister     im turning white guys!! lol uggg is it wrong for me to want to go to school right now?
so im going to be killed by my mothers because i did not eat in the traditional african way  its way to complicated being african american sometimes 
"yesh, my spanish project taste delicious  now i have to figure out how not to make them sooo fat!"
i found my bitth certificate today  i was born at 11:11 pm  man thats almost the next day!
lakers win!!! can i get a woop woop?
im boooooorrrreeeed  text me 
my senior best friend is leaving me and im not going to see him for forever!!!   crying 
i feel like a fluffy <propfemale> puppy dog on the inside   smile 
summer break guys! wooohooo! we are seniors! now we set forth to find those summer jobs 
i feel     rebelious!! ; )
"if you like this status, i will write something i like about you, make this your status if you want a challenge "
"so i went to a bridal shower yesterday  sooooo boring  if it wasnt for my cousin and me texting people till like midnight, i would have died "
i never want to see another dress again  dress hunting for my uncle's wedding was hell!
i really want to all of a sudden but its completely wrong and     i dont know  im so confused!
i got starbucks guys! woooooohooooo!!!!!
my mom insists that i get my hair braided for the wedding  well my hair was nice while it lasted 
im going to die  i need to interact with people other than my family or else i might just e playful lode 
nigeria is my team  they're going to win the cup  nigeria ftw!!!!!!!!!!
so today i sat in the front seat of a car backwards while my dad drove around  then when we got out i chased my barefooted sister around until our dad left us  so we started to walk home and three quarters of the way there i jumped into my dads car and laughed at my sister as she walked her barefooted ass home  what a fun day 
my hair is all braideded and now it slightly hurts 
who else has most of their family at home watching the world cup 
so im at this pre-wedding dinner party and totally bored out of my mind  but i get to go to a wedding tommarow so yay!
so having your world cup team lose their first match especially when they had like 10 goal oppertunities is bad  but having them lose on your wedding day with every guest behind that team is worse 
nigerians are so weird when it comes to parties  they come 3 hours after the event starts and stay till 3 in the morning  and as long as you dance you are almost gurranteed to get money thrown at you 
so i just made a lightly seasoned tomato sauce with some salmon fresh off the skillet all over radiatori pasta  most delicious thing ever!!!
dont play mabinogi  it will crash your computer  not that i would know     
so the picnic yesterday made me <propmale>ly sick    i could hardly get out of bed  but the good news is the lakers are going to kick some <propmale> ass!
so us made it huh? not going to last that long in the next round especially if they go up against spain 
omg  <propmale> nye the science guy is on cnn!!
africa man!!! sorry us  feilharbor failed you  and the only goal they made was a penalty kick 
watching <propfirst> lautner wear a skirt and act almost completely gay on snl made me crack up  come back anytime <propfirst>   love 
i almost cried when <propfirst> brown sang that tribute to <propfirst> <propmale> 
sometimes when i read what you guys post on facebook i fall out of my chair laughing 
for the first time ever i have fixed a laptop i have crashed  im <propfemale> proud of myself   smile 
poor ghana and brasil  oh well tommorow is movie day with my buds  im pumped
i need more contact with people  i think ive forgotten how to chill out 
to be a child is one of the greatest gifts in the world  as a child you are pure and are capable of not having a care in the world  you are in a position in which nothing is e playful ected of you but to have fun  what a gift childhood is 
today was <propfemale> boring  who wants to come over some day? i warn you  my grandma just might kill you 
i got my new laptop to work!!!!  smile  now who wants to predict how long it will take me to crash it?
sooooo booorred!!!! i need to be entertained 
rode my bike up 3 big ass hills yesterday and almost died  pretty sure i pasted by a coulpe of my friends houses  maybe next time im suicidal i'll stop by to say hi 
i should say something     hi people!!!
is sad because now she wants to see inception but not by herself 
"can i plz send my grandma to nigeria  please  i will pay for the ticket myself  i will sell everything i own  i will put myself up for eternial servituide  i will live in a tin can, i will climb mt  everest, i will eat a chipmunk, heck ill become a monk  just please dont let me live with her ever again! i love her    but i rather love her from afar      way afar "
i go up that hill the reason im there isnt there  t_t
what the hell is up with the school screwing up everyones schedule  i wanted phycology    ya ya my spelling sucks shoot me 
mooo im a gorilla  smile 
1st day of school    when's our next vacation? everyone is trying to switch classes  so far i went from a repeat to an irrelivent in class  please let my plan work! please please please!!! anyway hella excited cuz i might get a new phone!  smile 
so my life kinda sucks right now  it is not a happy time   sad 
all right everyone i am now offically 17  and today i have found a new favorite cake  blonde mile high cake  omg it was orgasmic   playful 
"im playing this game where you pick a crew and  go on a journey  so i typed in <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>  we traveled for a month but eveyone died  <propmale> was a canibal so we killed him  <propfemale> thought it was a good idea to eat some mold  me and <propmale> got sick and died and <propmale> messed with an ant farm and they crawled down his mouth and killed him  but it was funny "
two hearts   one soul 
"hey!!! does anyone think they can give me a ride to senior sunrise  my parents said \ you dont need to go to school at 5am so you can look at the sun  thats what the telescope's for!!\"""""
so like now im completely exsausted and yet i cant sleep  huh i guess i better get used to it   
so mad  why did my dad buy this no name camera that has a battery that won't charge and you can't find a replacement one anywhere in the world      and i was actually going to take pictures of me too   sad 
hey do you guys think i can get a 2200 on the sat     lol shike!!!! but ill try tho 
im pissed  i missed the vma's 
"i hate the bus with a passion  please lord, give me a car "
definition of senioritis : you just don't feel like dealing with bullshit anymore 
absolutely going to practice thurs cuz everybody mad at me now even my dad   playful  better late that never right?
someone text me or i just might die of boredom!!!
went to wrestling practice for the first time today  it was pretty good except someone got tired before we were out of the schools glance and decided that walking was better than actually attempting the challenge  so we came dead last  its ok i still love ya tho 
sometimes i wish i knew every language in the world  when people start speakin a different language i feel left out 
so it turns out theres a pipe in fairfield thats even more corroded then the one that e playful loed  great!
wrestling conditioning provoked my allergies some how and now i feel like a giant sneezing snot monster  ugg fall is indeed around the corner 
so today when i got off the bus and this guy started following me  he came up and started asking and saying inappropreate things to me  not fun  he kept following me so i colund go home until i lost him 30min later  yuck!
i have alot of friends whose names start with a j  and they all like to be on facebook at the same time   smile 
can't go to wrestling  noone told me i had a doctors appointment at 4  ugg now i haven't gone all week 
what a nice day!!! well nite everyone! love ya!!!!
is it cheating if you go to fix your desktop and just replace it with a new one?
my dad just got me a droid and i got him every <propmale> marley album i could find  dad you owe me an ipod 
im on the bus wit m <propmale> <propmale>   love 
finally the internet is working!!!!
ok which one of my awesome friends will teach me how to skate?
the one i want is always after another   
"im gonna be a mighty <propmale>, so enemies beware!!!"
guess what wonderfully delicious food i had today guys! ~sweetheart~
i'm a genius guys  i'm <propfemale> proud   smile 
what's on my mind?: life  and why mine was chosen to be placed on this earth 
"my sister needs to learn respect, common sense and how to help others besides herself "
omg guys i got chargers for my droid  now all i needs is to activate it  no more irritating phones  smile 
my moms going to africa let us all rejoice  now if only she would take my grandma with her 
why does the weather hate me  i've been praying all month that it should rain and just when i get my hair pressed    it rains  oh what luck i have 
play super smash bros and i'm beasting!!!
that stage in the year approaches again  i need to ignore the sudden increase of video games in my life and focus on school 
watchin lion <propmale> in english  such a beastly movie! ~sweetheart~
fish net stockings + rhinestones = pain!
is there anything going on today? tell me about it 
lost my phone guys   life sucks
giants win!!!!!!!!! woooooohooooo!!!!!! world series champs!!
morning practice going to be damn near impossible due to my lack of early morning transportation  drowning in things i need to do before the month is up  attention span continuously decreasing    its all bad 
sat subject tests were dummy hard  went to the colts classic  sucked at score keeping tho  haha 
being sick sucks  sad 
college applications not as scary    still pretty scary though 
we're like magnets that keep changing polarity  everything keeps moving and changing  nothing seems to be define 
if he asked me out    what would i say?
"i'm going to kill this child, <propfirst> bieber   "
my name is jemina and im a game addict   smile  huh im bored someone talk to me 
if you were <propfirst> bieber's dad how would you handle it?
"three little birds sat on my window, and they told me i don't need to worry "
is there anyone out there that would teach me how to snowboard?
ohh i get to see alot of beautiful faces tomorrow  yay
"my grandmother has officially gone crazy  i told my mom,\this is what happens when you give her too much freedom \"""""
is at home with the worst stomach ache in history!!
so how was school everyone? i wouldn't know    
"ehh      what's up, doc?"
so this was a total waste of a weekend  can't wait til the next one 
<propfemale> ready for the weekend now   
yay! more cold    yuck!
to any of my stock market group members    i selling 25 shares of costco cuz we need to sell something and costco is making bank! don't be mad   
got every family guy episode from 1 to 8 on netflix instant view  <propfemale>
should i tell him? what will it effect? how will that effect it?
inbox only! 2010 is coming to an end  so tell me a confession you wanted to tell me all year & it'll stay between us  post this as your status 
let's get partying guys  maybe if i ask nicely i'll get to run the slopes soon 
what should i get for christmas guys?
happy christmas  cuz you all are special!
i head to arizona tomorrow  it should be great seeing my cousins again after all these years 
on ~sweetheart~
i'm in arizona guys
i love you
snow? in arizona? nope all that white stuff can wait 'til i'm back home where my warm clothes are 
back in california  omg i miss trees  i never realized how big a part trees played on my life until i went a week without a decent one 
"ngi, i promise that the people on tv won't hear you no matter how mad you are or how loud you scream  now please go to bed "
my laptop just crashed  my life is over!!!!
if my laptop didn't crash and my phone wasn't tripping out you all would be hearing beautiful music right now 
just wishing i could do the job for you sir  i'd give her a ha and hiya and how ya  and i'd kick her sir 
so yesterday we all drove to richmond then to alameda to drop off my aunt  then some how between there and fairfield we end up in san <propfirst>  lol wtf 
i finally got my droid activated wooohoo  sadly my dad is confiscating my old phone  sorry <propfirst>  anyways text me people 510-776-5662 
"he's cute, familiar, and warm  i've known him for a while and i can't get him out of my head  on the other hand, he's a new face  strong & silent  utterly sexy "
i feel lonely like noone cares  crying 
should i give him a <propfirst>'s day gram or should i just tell him straight to his face     nvm first one is kinda creepy 
i need backup on the late city bus tomorrow  some asshole is teasing my little sister  someone needs to stop me from slitting his throat!
@ home watching powder puff girls  hell ya!
remember the cartoons when we were younger  there would be epic battles over simple things like the last cookie 
it feels like my room is going to fall off the front of my house 
who ever missed salerno's & adams' class is soooo screwed 
"mars struck a plea deal that requires him to spend one year on probation, pay a $2,000 fine and do 200 hours of community service, as well as drug counseling "
at an nigerian baby shower  can't hear myself think 
dang steelers  bounce back fast 
aww sadness  they should have played those last 43 seconds 
don't you hate it when you post something and noone comments  then someone posts the exact dame thing and there's like fifty comments  >: (
everything keeps shocking me!!!!
"dear kanye, <propfemale> are red, violets are blue  if jb wins another award you know what to do   wink  jk that's rude "
who's your <propfirst>?
i got accepted into monterey state  that's pretty cool
wtf is cee lo green dressed as a huge bird?
bored with life and sick of rain 
dam it mom you made me miss the all <propfemale> game so we can sit at my aunts house and do nothing!?!? never again!!!!!!!!!!
watching titanic  its soon sad   sad 
i feel like playing basketball or football  who wants to do a quick game?
i hate the bus with a passion!!!!!!!
i need to take my leap of faith soon before i miss my <propmale>  but i'm so scared of what the outcome will be 
i fail! i had the perfect opportunity for my leap of faith and i completely chickened out  i should kick myself 
my mom dragged me to a wake  i thought it was my aunt's but it some person i'm not familiar with  felling devices 
decived  darn spell check 
i got hit on by some old guy who thought i was thirty  i told him i was 14  super jailbait 
i said i would so i will  i'm just afraid of what the outcome will be  what if its rejected?
man  i just suck are this 
i think i'll just come right out and say it to his face  i try to ignore all the other faces starring at me 
"hey sky  please be <propfemale> and nice like yesterday  sincerely, wtf are you doing?"
can someone come to my house and save me from my crazy mom  i might need to sleep over  anyone?
so i had a fun time on the bus with my <propmale> <propmale>  it was fun having him commentate my gameboy games as i played   smile 
how do you tag people on your status? i can't figure it out 
just talked to monterey bay today!! i needs to drive down there for my meet and greet 
i'm confused and torn at the moment  how can i fix this? hmm      
with my magical technology reviving hands i have made my droid 's internet work at school 
the japan quake shifted the earth's axis? wtf  and japan moved like 8ft up 
the man who created pokemon died in the tsunami  just thought it might make ignorant people care 
sorry the guy from pokemon didn't die  that's what i get for doing late research 
at the library  bored out of my mind  sos 
i swear ever morning without fail <propmale> mars is singing grenade through my radio 
is it wrong that i have a crush on jet <propfemale>?
i just watched that <propfemale> black video  lost like 4 mins of my life and some of my brain leaked out of my ear 
the awkward moment when you watch all dogs go to heaven and realize the main character is <propfirst> sheen   
i got my prom dress  laugh  all tho its peach its really pretty  if only the guy i want to go with would go i'd be set fit prom 
i believe thus will be the year if bad music videos 
its funny how he got my head spinning around and around without doing nothing but looking cute 
i gave noticed that i have become very  kinestheic in the past year 
gore army competition??  nah!!!
"\don't have a plan b  it only distracts from your plan a  \""- will smith"""
so if anyone has any suggestions for the mr  gore day button hit me up 
haha my dad is great  he said if he had a cannabis farm he would fill the main enterence with poisonous snakes and then the ones in the back will be sky high  silly daddy 
had family from reno over which was pretty cool but as much as i love family  i really miss my bed when they stay over
thanks for telling me your going to nigeria 2days before you leave mom  it not like people need to know this or anything 
phone has been acting up  hope its nothing serious 
orientation thing at monterey today excited 
my phone behaves again!!!!  yay!
doesn't know what to write for her community service paper 
