c2fbd33cde80e2686f8eb718fefe2a61
 love  2010    lunch with the fam & winter classic at 1 
loves summer  love 
really hates still missing you 
wants to see transformers tuesday at midnight realllly badly  laugh 
the waiting game is killing me
transformers in imax tonight  love 
"why does love always feel like a battlefield, i guess you better go and get your armor  love "
thinks the flyers might be slowly killing her  bye lupes =[
"save me from being confused, show me what i'm looking for  love "
celebrating the 4th w  the fam   text  love 
"boy, it's been all this time and i can't get you off my mind, and nobody knows it but me"
happy birthday daddy  love 
"life's an open road, you've gotta take it"
lovin' this summer weather  love 
"stupid boy you can't fence that in, stupiud boy it's like holding back the wing,  she laid her heart and soul right in your hands"
"i should have been chasing you, i should have been trying to prove, that you were all that mattered to me, i should have said all the things, that i kept inside of me and maybe, i could have made you believe, that what we had was all we ever need "
knoebels w  the fam for the day  text  love 
"she said i want something else, to get me through this, semi-charmed kind of life baby baby, i want something else, im not listening when you say, good-bye   love "
bed  work in the am
so hold on tight and jump in  smile 
"breathe, just breathe, take the world off your shoulders, and put it on me  breathe, just breathe, let the life that you live, be all that you need  love "
"oh, oh evacuate the dancefloor oh, oh i’m infected by the sound oh, oh stop this beat is killing me, hey little dj let the music take me underground ?"
"breathe just breathe take the world off your shoulders and put it on me, breathe just breathe let the life that you live be all that you need  love "
"she's got a smile like california, she's got a spirit like new orleans, eyes like the lights of new york city, yeah, calm as a <propfemale> breeze, but underneath, she's got a heart like memphis  love "
loves the feeling of the oncoming storm  smile 
"windows down as the night blows in,tap the beat on the wheel as the tires spin,until we're there crank the radio,we'll join in with the songs we know hey, everything's right, said everything's right tonight  love "
"i been guilty of sayin' no when i could have said yes; my heart's history, well it hasn't been the best; but this time i'm trusting in somebody other then me; i built the walls tall, now there gonna fall; got no more secrets to keep; no more protecting my heart  love "
"i been guilty of sayin' no when i could have said yes; my heart's history, well it hasn't been the best; but this time i'm trusting in somebody other then me; i built the walls tall, now there gonna fall; got no more secrets to keep; no more protecting my heart ?"
"and i just thought that you should know, i've been holding on while you've been letting go  love "
with the bests  love 
just wanted to let you know that i've been holding on while you've been letting go  love 
trying to get the laptop back up & running  woohoo on w  <propfemale> tech support then working 2 smile 0-4  what a fun day  not  text  love 
now has a working laptop again!! yay!! working 2 smile 0-4  text  love 
weekend  love 
"it’s a quarter after one, i’m a little drunk, and i need you now  said i wouldn’t call but i lost all control and i need you now   and i don’t know how i can do without, i just need you now   love "
new hard-drive for the laptop on its way  thanks <propfemale> support haha
"i got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand, life is good today  love "
the countdown begins  umass  love 
time to put everything back onto the laptop  oh the joys of getting a new harddrive
fml  writing cover letter to the president of a company  greattt
allentown fair w  the rents  finishing the stuff for internship application  text  love 
wondering if you even care  stupid boy
"and i just thought that you should know, i've been holding on while you've been letting go, well, it's not too late to say it right this time  love "
have the daunting challenge of packing for umass   finally!!  love 
at umass  time to finish up the room  text  love 
just have 3 more classes tomorrow and then im done for the week  i totally dig not having friday classes  laugh  but now its time for slumber  love 
and i run to you  love       still
easthampton for the night  love  !!!!!!  text me  smile 
so maybe we should start all over  love 
i've got an angel on the left screamin' get away but the devil on the right sayin' time to play  love 
"deep in the dark , you'll surrender your heart, but you know,but you know that you can't fight the moonlight, no, you can't fight it, it's gonna get to your heart  love "
"well, i know there’s a reason, and i know there’s a rhyme, we were meant to be together, that’s why       love   bedddd"
"i am trying not to tell you, but i want to, i’m scared of what you’ll say, so i’m hiding what i’m feeling, but i’m tired of holding this inside my head     love  4 day weekend!!!!"
shawty's like a <propfemale> in my head  that i can't keep out  got me singin' like  na na na na everyday  it's like my ipod stuck on replay  love 
popping bubble wrap!!
weekend  love  home in 7 days!!
easthampton till tomorrow  love   love   love 
"gonna be a full day, homework & football  smile "
will conquer this stupid paper!!
flyers > english paper? check  priorities still remain in order  laugh 
"meeting, studying, exam then homeeee  love "
"we got our backs against the ocean, it's just us against the world looking at all or nothing, babe it's you and i"
umass hockey love    text!!!
just another week  annoyed 
"still loving her phillies, even with a minor heart attack  one more boys!!  love "
always wanting the impossible  smile 
philliesss  love  nl champs 09!!
thursday  love  alcs & flyers w  court  wink 
i should probably put stauffers iced animal crackers on automatic delivery due to my current consumption  smile 
just watched a guy fall on his ass trying to be nice   no wonder i choose not to  laugh  lmao
day with the santanellos!!! oh its bound to be a good one  wink 
dinner & then hockey vs  niagara university   text  smile 
and the week from hell is underway
ahahha people are so immature and petty    thanks for making my night!!
and now its time for me to retire into my comfy chair residence in easthampton  laugh 
"according to you i'm difficult, hard to please, forever changing my mind ?"
ohhhh heyyyyyyy   you're cute  wink 
"we've got our back against the ocean, its just us against the world, looking at all or nothing babe its you and i"
"we only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around ??"
when did i become such a girl?????
just dont understandddd
i wanna set the world on fire until it`s burning bright for you
basketball game w  court & then who knows what text 
finishing this paper and cruising till tuesday
"dont take too long cause im on my way, if you take too long  cause im halfway gone and im on way"
with the fam  love  happy thanksgiving!!
and the unpacking beginss  smile 
time needs to slow down momentarily 
pirates!!  smile 
world cup drawings at noon  smile 
hockey game & then fun  laugh 
dreading the workload that has accumulated  gonna be a long day 
wishes she could find time to have a life again 
fact: i suck at initiating most things  smile 
baking christmas cookies with my best friend  love   smile 
the foo fighters greatest hits make studying for accounting just a little bit enjoyable  wont lie  smile 
bittersweet  annoyed 
contrary to popular belief  not all people from <propfemale> are amish
i wanna set the world on fire till its burning bright for you
"whats love got to do, got to do with it babe"
"cause talk, talk is cheap, give me a word you can keep, cause youre halfway gone and im on my way"
wrapping presents   secret <propfemale> party tonight  smile 
"last minute gift wrapping, christmas <propfemale> church service w  the fam  smile "
'its a dirty name' 'mudd' ahaha i love christmas  love 
"so what are you waiting for, what do you have to lose"
tomorrows another day & <propmale> to turn these things around  smile 
"i saw the one thing that i want, hell bent, get outta bed, i'm throwing rocks at your window  love "
<propfemale> oaks w  the family for dinner  love 
starting the new years festivities  happy new years all!! ? another year for new beginnings!!
2011  love  no regrets
back in the warmth after a wondeful winter excursion  smile 
"there's a wild wild whisper blown in the wind, callin out my name like a long lost friend  love "
ravens game!  love 
"can you remember when we used to laugh at those mistakes we made, or can you picture then how we used to drive and never reach the end  love "
cause tomorrow may be one day too late 
umass  love 
"skipping rocks and leaving footprints down along the riverbank, always holding hands, never making plans, just living in the moment"
"all i want is a little of the good life, all i need is to have a good time  love "
pretty sure its like the artic right now outside 
productive saturday? lets hope
living for myself; the rest will fall into place  love 
121 days  love 
"i'm gonna pack my bags, and never look back  run a parallel line with the railroad tracks, and make my get away ???"
snow day with no snow  smile 
wondering if i'll ever see your face again
loves <propfemale> adams  smile  thanks sissy  love  !
has the best <propfirst> ever  smile 
"?? now it's my time, i'll do what i want 'cause this is my life ??"
21 days  love 
"just like driving on an open highway, never knowing what we're find, just like two kids, baby, just trying to live it up  love "
senior hockey night  sad  lets go umass   love 
should be studying        
could really use spring break  smile 
snow day  smile 
"wake up, take a breath, remember why you're even breathing  love "
pretty sure <propfemale> should just give me a new computer at this rate  probably would save them money lol
4 days  love 
gorgeous weather puts me in such a good mood  smile 
loving the weather  love 
unpacking  smile  let the countdown to summer begin!
"chances are the fascination, chances won't escape from me, chances are only what we make them and all i need ??"
baby let's just go with it and get out of this ordinary everyday rut  love 
doin' what best friends do  love 
happy easter all  love  enjoying the beautiful weather outside today  smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> man utd  love 
flyers  love   love   love 
hello 4 day weekend  smile 
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now ?"
happy birthday <propfemale> adams!!!  love  you sis  smile 
"and we could live like kings if we take a risk or we could live in doubt, everything's changing now ?"
"41 days  love  the pressure is on, you feel it, but you got it all, believe it  this time for africa ?"
loving the beautiful weather!! text  smile 
thanks soccerfest for the awesome tan and bruises  i appreciate it
"classes done   now just 4 exams, packing and 300 <propmale> stands inbetween me and summer  smile "
doing that whole studying thing
"you gotta live to learn, you gotta crash and burn, you gotta make some stances and take some chances, you gotta live and love, and take all life has to give, you gotta live and learn, so you can learn to live ??"
studying  can't wait to go home
finally making the trek home to <propfemale>  summer awaits!
game timeeeeee  loving the packed wachovia center  love 
we wonnnn!!!! witnessed history and havent been that nervous in a while  you earned it boys!!
sooo many things; and the summer is just beginning
foreseeing some con queso and good times in my future  smile 
officially a declared double <propmale>  smile 
"just say yes, just say there’s nothing holding you back, it’s not a test, nor a trick of the mind, only love"
"breathe, just breathe, let the life that you live be all that you need  love "
its my favorite time of the year     world cup time!!
enjoying victors  smile 
intrigued  so very very intrigued 
"doesn’t everybody just want to feel somebody\just wanna hold someone to fill that empty space\when your missing that rush and a friends not enough\i just can’t deal\no tonight i just don’t wanna be alone, tell me, is that wrong? ????"
<propfemale> <propfemale> man utd   off to philly to see the boys in red!
"don't let the moment pass by, put the windows down and drive away ???"
work all day   with my valley girls tonight  love 
"there you go making my heart beat again heart beat again heart beat again, there you go making me feel like a kid wont you do it do it one time, there you go pulling me right back in right back in right back in, and i know i'm never letting this go, i'm stuck on you  love "
so take a <propmale> and don't ever look back ?
crepes then finally going to work  smile 
here we stand somewhere in between this moment and the end  will we bend or will we open up and take this whole thing in ??
hard to find a place where there are no walls and no lines begging me to cross  love 
"maybe its time to go, if i gave you my heart, be gentle ?"
phones officially dead  please dont text or call cause i won't get them 
should be doing work  instead of procrastinating & waited rather impatiently for the phone to arrive
2010 nl east champs!!  love 
"and its never to late to start again, so lets start it with right here and right now"
need to survive the week then home  love 
been waiting all summer for this night to come  love 
"the best days of your life have yet to come but it's okay, its alright to open up, you don't owe anybody anything, life is yours to live anyway you please, no apologies, no promise left for you to keep, you can be whoever you want to be, no apologies\ love "
ravens  love  and hw   just a typical sunday
first hot chocolate of the fall!!
"play on when you're losing the game, play on 'cause you're gonna make mistakes, it's always worth to sacrifice, even when you think you're wrong, so play on"
meltdown in progress? oh its completely possible  and probable 
wishing i had time to roll the windows down and go for a drive 
festivities  love 
"potholes 1, tire 0"
would like to personally thank umass for making it near impossible to take the classes i need  i really appreciate it!
one month!!
pretty sure it needs to be the end of the semester    
studying till about thursday  goodbye life
sososoososo happpyyy  not even finance can ruin this moment  smile 
"the longer the night goes, the more screwed i become "
"ive got that get away feeling, im leaving   love  <propfemale> bound"
sosososooso excited  can it be summer now!?!?
oh hello december  i can now listen to all those christmas songs anddd get a piece of chocolate everyday  love 
bar with my sis  smile 
round two!!!
"\oh wait   that might be him  it says he likes jersey shore  he looks like a jersey shore lover\""    starting the night off good"""
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!  love 
 smile 
chances are waiting to be taken  love 
trying to become best friends with sport law and finance 
its going to be a longggg weekend  can we add a couple of days inbetween now and monday?!?
not really feeling this whole 'finals' thing 
"ahahah doc halladay, <propmale> hamels, <propfirst> oswalt and <propmale> <propfirst>!!! is it baseball season yet?!!?"
treking back to <propfemale>  love 
mmm christmas cookies baking  smile 
 smile 
work till 5 then klingers
21 round three?? sure y not  love my sister n friends
<propfemale> christmas everyone  love 
great night with the girls  love 
"this could be the year, this could be the moment you've been waiting your whole life to show the world the cards you're holding   love  happy new years <propfemale>!!"
really not sure how i get into these situations  love 
"i wanna roll down mainstreet and backroads like you did when you were a kid,\what makes you who you are, tell me what your story is ??"
maybe we'll turn it around 'cause it's not too late it's never too late ?
"brrrrr  -20 when i left, we're up to -11   moving on up!!!"
"'an alligator eating your homework, not excusable; alligator eating your mother, okay thats excused'"
"turn up the light in here baby, extra bright, i want y'all to see this"
pondering why i went to school in ma   this doesnt seem like a bright idea anymore 
would like to thank the random guys that pushed me out of the parking lot
prayers go out to the mckently family  love 
heart is in oley tonight  love  rip mmm  love 
failing hard-drive  sweettttttt
cant win  is it spring break yet?!?
roadtripping back to <propfemale>  love 
happy st pattys day!!!
back to umass today  6 5 weeks left until summer  love 
its spring  why the hell is it snowing?
havent even had the new laptop a day and already a new motherboard 
really need to focus to get these papers done  can't wait until tomorrow is over 
love how its gorgeous out today and we still have a winter storm watch  really new england? i just want the warmth to stay   
"\it can't be bad and ugly  at least make it look good\"""""
baseball  love 
trying to be productive   
