0375417dd5b5ab20c908dc87dd00bc4f
"that's the thing about depression: a human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight  but depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end  the fog is like a cage without a key  --  <propfemale> wurtzel"
does my house float?
"the pool went over   i e playful ect tp be sailing away any time now   (<propfirst>, your room is fine)"
my first e playful erience with flu and i get the big one   sigh 
"done with buying, now on to wrapping "
done wrapping   waiting for opening!
happy solstice!
on the first day of christmas my true love gave to me a quaker in a pine tree?
it's pallendrome day!  01 11 10
few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts   -- <propfirst> einstein
"hiding in my room, safe within my womb,                     i touch no one and no one touches me                      i am a rock,                     i am an island                      and a rock feels no pain;                     and an island never cries                    <propfirst> <propmale>                   from song i am a rock"
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow"
happy year of the tiger!
machines take me by surprise with great frequency    - <propmale> turing
off to spring break in atlanta
went to the world of coca-cola today   tomorrow is the <propfemale> aquarium where <propfirst> and will get to dive with the whale sharks and manta rays!
last day of spring break   off to stone mountain today and back to arlington tomorrow 
"we're back, and greeted by snow no less!!!!"
sometimes i wonder if anyone reads what i post on facebook 
tomorrow willl be a faire day!
had a tooth out yesterday   what kind of soup should i have today?
to scarborough faire i go      
there is a cardinal building a nest outside my window in the hanging patio lamp 
there are baby birds in the nest outside my window 
my laptop is ill   got to borrow a pc when the family lets me    sad 
my laptop is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my laptop died again    crying 
i have my laptop back   keeping my fingers crossed      
the graduate
feels pyromania coming on      
it's shark week!!!!
is watching the <propfemale> aquarium online at http annoyed  dsc discovery com sharks shark-cam 
leaves in one week to take the kids to texas a&m galveston 
tomorrow we pack   friday we're off to <propfirst> and will's new apartment in galveston 
packed 2 cars and a large uhaul trailer   leaving for galveston tomorrow by 8am
kids are in galveston   <propmale> and i are in arlington   it's going to be a big change   at least school starts tomorrow for me 
lets see who gets better grades at school;  me or the kids      
i learned to draw blood   i'm a vampire now!
learned how to give shots in the butt today 
has got to do a bunch of shots and blood draws for lab final   any volunteers?
missed all my sticks today    crying 
got all 4 blood draws (sticks) in lab    yay!!!!!!!
completed mod a   mod b starts monday   weekend off!
learned that hydrogen peroxide gets out blood 
will be out for blood tomorrow      
has tests two days in a row   argh 
is halfway through mod b and wondering about mod c 
"hope we don't draw more blood today, everyone in the class's arms are all bruised   they need a break "
we need new victims for vampire class   all our veins are shot 
today is 10 10 10
another mod completed  got a week off before starting the next one 
is enjoying my week off   on thursday i'm off to galveston!
"hi ho, hi ho   it's off to galveston i go!"
it's back home today  sad   and the start of a new mod tomorrow 
"learned how to wash my hands, put on and take off gloves, gown and mask, set up a sterile tray and use an autoclave this week   almost forgot - and how to throw sterile instruments onto that sterile tray "
my computer's video card died again   sad   but they're sending me a new laptop to replace it   laugh 
we sutured pigs feet today 
got my new laptop       it's an alienware       <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>e 
will be celebrating with the rest of her class - who are young enough to be her kids 
"another mod ends tomorrow, a new one starts next week   3 down, 8 more and an externship to go "
"like my status and i will annoyed 1  tell you something i've learned about you by looking at your wall \2  share the color you remind me of \3  recall my first memory of you \4  write down the animal you remind me of \5  ask something i've always wondered about you \6  let you know my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname \8  challenge you to post this as your status "
heading for thanksgiving in galveston right after school tomorrow 
a long day of shopping - tomorrow texas renaisance festival
two long days of walking and shopping    sunday it's back to arlington and monday is back to school 
all done with shopping   now its time to wrap 
"decorated yesterday   \its beginning to feel a lot like christmas       \"""""
finally did our cpr certification in class - yay!
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
my kids came home 
and another mod bites the dust   next one starts monday 
la la la la la la la la fa la la la la la la la la
fa la la fa la la la la la
just watched all 3 <propfemale> clause movies 
"jingle bells, jingle bells   jingle all the way "
everyone else will be off all week and i have school mon thru thurs 
total lunar eclipse at 12 smile 0 am central for all of north <propfemale>   it's also on the solstice   last happened 456 years ago   will last 1 25 hours 
i can't get  christmas carols out of my head!
we wish you a <propfemale> christmas   we wish you a <propfemale> christmas   we wish you a <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year 
one more day of school then i'm off until the 3rd   woohooo!
"\merry christmas to all and to all a good night\"""""
happy new year!  i'm off to blow stuff up 
in the market for a car   lost the old one because of a dog   take my advice - hit the dog 
now state farm says they haven't decided it was totaled because they haven't gotten the info from <propfirst> <propmale>'s collision dept (they have the fit) and we should know monday or tuesday   anyone want the hair i am pulling out of my head?
"went car shopping today   the kids are trying to talk us into two cheap cars instead of one almost new one   got 6 total possibilities now - 2 for <propfirst> (05 tribute 3 0  or 98 lexus es 300), 2 for will (03 <propfemale> gl 1 8t or 03 mustang coupe) and 2 for both (10 elantra gls  or 08  <propfemale> wolfsburg)   \now the insurance company just needs tell us if the fit is totaled and if it is, what we are getting for it "
"finally got the check from the insurance company and two \new\"" cars """
the kids are leaving me again   will left a few hours ago   <propfirst> is leaving in the morning    sad 
last week of 5th mod    doing obstetrics and pediatrics this week   6th mod starts next monday 
"the \fun\"" mod starts tomorrow   rehabilitation and therapy """
"so far in this mod i've learned about range of motion, massage therapy, and today we dipped our hands in hot wax   this is definitely better than drawing blood!"
missing my alienware   it wouldn't run on battery so it went back to get fixed    crying 
"if you are not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate   - horforia zenro"
because of all that snow last week i have to go to school tomorrow    sad 
only 2 more days of mod g then it's off to x-ray!!!   yay!!!!!!!!!!!
start x-ray tomorrow   finally!
a-ray is going to be fun fun fun!!!!!!  this mod lasts 8 weeks 
"no one has been able to e playful lain to me why young men and women who serve in the u s  military for 20 years, risking their lives protecting freedom, and only get 50% of their base pay  while politicians hold their political positions in the safe confines of the capital, protected by these same men and women, and receive full pay retirement after serving 1 term! re-post if you believe this is absolutely wrong!!"
banana
why am i still up?
two weeks into the 8 weeks of x-ray classes   already i can't wait to shoot my first actual x-ray 
is getting a new roof   <propmale> is up there doing it right now 
busy weekend   so tired 
tomorrow x-ray 1 finishes   x-ray 2 starts on monday 
happy first day of spring!
three more weeks til my spring break when i get to see my kids again!
should be studying   can't  concentrate for more than 10 minutes at a time 
3 4 of the way through x-ray   mock clinic monday   i'll be manning an x-ray machine       if only it were live 
why am i still so awake?
<propmale> is still working on the roof   e playful ects it to take two more weekends after this one 
