c23b639a0736b51766728303475125a7
annoyed
asdf
really pissed off    
"oh man, today      !"
i don't even know       
"close, close, close, off, close, mid"
just another exciting year 
nap then back to the olga's kitchen
watching the hurt locker
7 am - 10 pm here we come 
longest day ever
someone link me to lost season 6 episode from tonight
road trip = tomorrow
"nothing like waking up at 9 smile 0 am, getting ready for work in 2 minutes cause i'm an hour and a half late, running out the door and realizing it's monday not tuesday "
another long day tomorrow 
so nice out
"colon, mi  yes it's a real place "
papa johns
"off tomorrow, kinda?"
finally home?
it always pays off in the long run 
3 26 2010 - 9 smile 7 pm msu basketball  it's a good day 
"and today tops the longest day of my life list  going out, hit us up"
hello final four  wink 
and yeahhhhhhh              
"dinosaur steps on broccoli, leaving broccoli    a vegetable "
haha 
can hardly wait for tomorrow 
"sharks up 3-0, awesome  and my computer just became even more retarded, even better "
the countdown is on
all i do is win win win no matter what
get wild
- i'm the man 
miami is the city where the <propmale> resides officially  welcome to the national heat association
didn't think i would admit it but pumped for 7 29 grand opening
"approved to move, about time"
the pieces to my puzzle’s in my life
i love <propfemale>  smile 
who has a truck and nothing to do tomorrow?
i love <propfemale>  smile 
black ops domination
"no matter how much you bust your ass, and no matter how hard you try or care  someone will always take credit for your accomplishments and hold you accountable for all shortcomings  welcome to the real world "
i love <propfemale> cause shes the best  smile  shittttttt
black friday = a day for people to be pathetic and show up at a mall at 12 am and have justification for it  it's just as bad as made up holidays like sweetest day 
i have the best girlfriend ever  smile 
shallow people believe in luck  wise and strong people believe in cause and effect 
car = destroyed
droid 2 is sick
i love alyssaaaa!
<propfemale> and <propfemale> are amazing smile 
the only thing i’m addicted to right now is winning
now hiring for <propfemale>'s market fresh grille in <propmale> oak  location #53    248-906-6391  apply today!
what's on my mind? duh   winning 
"give, give, give    been doing it since 2007 why break the record now  burnt out "
<propfemale>!
off tomorrow   yeah right  can't even sleep   mind is racing we are about to open one of the busiest stores in the company
3 am and i get to enjoy the next 6 hours of sleep then cook for 12 hrs and close a building down   not a little worn out at all
what's on your mind? next ticket  thank you!
i love my <propfemale>'s and <propfirst>  wink   love 333333 p s  i definitely made this status myself         
that's how we roll in ro 
"hello game 7 detroit red wings  smell that cup?\hello game 7 detroit red wings  smell that cup?"
"so i just spent the last 2 hours watching awesome hockey goals, saves, and fights  can we have yzerman, <propfirst>, and mccarty back for one game?"
who is down for coney? i know <propfemale> ezyk is not!  wink 
thanks everyone for the happy bday's hope everyone is doing well!
happy bday <propfemale> ezyk is going to club me
why does my apartment complex feel the need to cut the grass every morning that i'm off each week?
there is a breaking point   
i love <propfirst> young <propfemale> ezyk and <propfemale> jacobs!!!!!!!!!!pp
eminem: the way i am    one of the best books i've literally every started to read and i hate books
might not be time to go back to work yet after spending time on the lake for a few days but it sure does feel like it 
back to the point where i wonder if its even worth it 
"sometimes i am convinced people can't think logically    or read  then i stand there asking myself \why me?\"" the simple and stupid failures make our lives harder    it's getting old """
seriously miss the <propfirst> y days
really saints? you give up bush    i hope miami wins it all with him at the helm for it
u of m qb vs  u of m qb  welcome to who has the better o line cause we know its not the qb getting the job done
ancient aliens    we'll leave it open ended 
time to start looking before i have no choice 
"finished  without a doubt, i cannot do this anymore  this is all so political and stupid and a conversation with someone tonight helped me realize     i'm done being frustrated with my life because of the things i go through at work "
if you had to pick a restaurant that was the most similar to <propfemale>'s what would it be? not how much you like the food but the overall type of restaurant?
apparently the woman that used to live in my apartment is convinced i stole a bag of clothes her friend from california dropped on the front door  little creeped out by the whole thing 
"i feel like a lot was accomplished today  and it was even with \beta\"" in the building  i'll credit it to the slow sales and good staff """
"and let it be known from this day forward\i wanna just say thanks cause your hate is what gave me the strength\so let em bic’s raise cause i came with 5’9? but i feel like i’m 6’8?"
i've had the conversation several times with different people but i still wonder how people go through life accepting the fact that they are terrible at their jobs     or if they even realize?
thanks for the great 5 years  it has been my pleasure    unfortunately it was about 3 too many 
