ea814b5c30abaa59b7cb54891e125e8c
"woah  i'm totally late on the update here, but happy ny's everyone  (yeah, i'm a day late, just try suing me over it )"
"well, let's give this a shot  i'll see where it goes once i get everything on here "
duuude  all of my good pics were wiped off my computer last month  i need to go track them down and take some new ones  i need a new camera 
"woo  i get to sit through the joy that is the psat tomorrow, after sitting the practice test (which i hear is pretty much the same) monday morning  at least i've had three days of doing nothing at school "
"tiiiiiiired  me need sleep  g'nite  (as i've yet to track down anyone, would this qualify as talking to myself? g'nite, me!)"
oooh! new final destination comes out thursday  must   see   horrific   movie  
"w  o  w  it hit me halfway through psat that it actually doesn't even matter what i get this year  then i think i fell asleep halfway through one of the sections, because i left a bunch of the questions blank  "
screw it  i'm buying a new camera 
going to see if i can run down to radioshack today to get a camera  hopefully will have some pics up by tonight!
oreos are awesome  i just felt that it was needed to be stated 
"oh, dear  either my stereo is possessed, or the half-gallon of water i spilled on it has rendered it useless  tripping over animals in your house is win "
graaah  no camera today  i'm going to have to wait for the weekend to get a ride into civilization to get one 
"i dunno why i bother coming in on fridays  no college classes, blah high school classes, uninteresting seminars  i'm almost waiting for monday morning after sitting through a friday here "
"waking up with a headache is the perfect omen for a saturday  sarcasm, much? time to go camera hunting "
i'm going to set my bed on fire tonight so that i can sleep if the head doesn't get turned up  i still have ice floating in a glass of water i grabbed last night and never remembered to drink 
more messed up heating  this house is like siberia 
"i decided to browse youtube today  i saw things that cannot be unseen, despite the efforts of bleach applied to the eyes "
no classes tomorrow  worship the 4 day weekend! worship it now!
"rembember, remember, the fifth of november the gunpowder treason and plot, i know of no reason why the fifth of november should ever be forgot  ohai! big v for vendetta fan, and it's november 5th  i couldn't resist  playful "
frick! day off tomorrow and i have an odd urge to go browse facebook apps  resist!
"work, work, work   so much work   i need a clone or something to help me out "
"no school tomorrow, (almost) done with makeup work, going to rchs play tomorrow  ir happy   joyful "
friendquiz is bugged  i clicked no for something and it answered 5 questions no for some reason 
"is loving having no school today, knowing everyone else has it  ha!"
going to go see some play at rockingham tonight and release my inner snark for once  i need a good dosage of theater arts so that i can stop replaying habanera in my play every waking moment  -_-;;
"well, my plans to go to the play just melted   mood: stab -> face"
<propfemale> sigh  3 day week while everyone else has two  there's no way i'm going wednesday 
"do i get to skip tomorrow? do i not? oh, the mystery "
"yep  i'm going  well, time to morally blackmail the evil one into driving after she's been at work all day  revenge!"
ha! changed her mind  no school for this lazy bum 
"zomg happy turkey day! eat, eat, eat! chug, chug, chug!"
i aaaaam thaaaaaankfuuuuuuuul for fooooooooooooooooooooooooooood     thanksgiving lunch for the wiiiiiiiiin   
"choices, choices   letter to my senators, college papers, college hunting, or flip on pandora and go lj surfing  i'm for some reason leaning towards the pandora lj option "
"   i just realized i entered in my birthday a year off, and i can't figure out how to change it  <propfemale> sigh "
birthday! and i only had two people mention it today! woo!
friday must get here faster 
"on a related topic, holidays have started!! woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
"frick  my <propmale> vibe isn't working today  i can't decide whether i need to kill off the best friend's crush or the awesome unstoppable leader    war scenes suck  aaaahhh   my latest drawing is calling to me, i must deny it!"
"the snow has started!! if you live in reidsville, look out your window now!!"
new photos up 
"do i shake my cane at you? yes, i shake my cane at you  get off mah lawn "
the heating is broken again  in the middle of december  this is doubleplus ungood  we are all going to die 
"looks as if (provided i survive until then) i'm going home sunday, so that leaves christams <propfemale>, day, and day after to live through   i am so going to die "
christmas chocolate nom nom nom
i drove to greensboro and was doing like 75   i wanted to go 80 =p
meh  new year  i'm not impressed 
oh my gawd  i'm facebooking in class  scandalous!
"by the way, rechs people, you find rooms yet? do it soon, because somebody's going to end up picked out of a random lottery to stay with muah for two nights  don't let it be you!"
"fuck my life  bunch of lazy people around the school are leaving trash around and they had a college person come in to tell us to start picking up or baad stuff is going down really, times like this i almost wish i was in a regular hs  they'd track down whoever was littering, taser him her, and make him her clean up "
"and i think these two bimbos next to me are watching a video of this guy being tortured  i hear screaming, bad language, and some bratty kid yelling about his hookers  or is that a rap music video?"
"i freaking love watching the gga's  not because of the awards or anything, but because there's always like 10 people that show up drunk as hell and it is funny watching them try to make speeches  two words: <propfemale> streep   laugh "
"want a sucker, sucka? lollipop sales are always good times to try out sale pitches  laugh "
"mid-terms! i have yet to get back alg  2, but so far i've yet to make below an a  woot!"
"aaahh   it's snowing! or, was snowing, anyway  love it when everything's covered in snow and you can turn out the lights and look outside, and even though it's pitch black night, everything is all bright  "
"two days of snow, let's go for three! after all, there's always the option to skip out whenever they try to yank away our holidays for make-ups  friday flu? bah! go for holiday flu =p"
"and the nasty side of cold weather in the south rears its dirty, ugly head  anyone else lose power and or other utilities yesterday?"
"and we still have snow on the ground  on the upside, dc trip has been reduced to 50$   <propmale> gates <propmale> ftw!"
friday  must   make it   three days   without being arrested  
"why do some teachers think that everything is their business? i am having a private conversation, you can get your nosy, super conservative face out of it, witch "
so    college formal writing assignment due tomorrow and i haven't even started  yay  should probably go do that now  
facebook during class  there's a reason i don't add (current) teachers =p
"woo! writer's block resolved! when in doubt, kill off characters!  laugh "
"plot twist: return of the undead monkey! (where is that monkey at, i need to shoot something!)"
snow!! and it's sticking!!!  laugh 
"omg illegal facebooking  it is 9 pm and they still have not called off school  delaying the inevitable, much?"
two hour delay? i figured three inches of snow would cause the entire county to shut down   annoyed \
"work, work   end of the 6 weeks and i think i might actually be able to get all of my stuff done!  laugh "
what i want to know is how that camera did not break after being e playful osed to that   horror of a face i have   surprise 
"just got home, dc for three days  laugh  someone set off the fire alarm at like 130 am last night and everyone but me got marched outside  laugh "
illegal facebooking is illegal! four more days until spring break starts and i get to go see the family!  laugh 
i love spring break 
best spring break ever   laugh 
the astrology spam  it burns  anyone else going to shakespeare night?
"mood swing  feeling mildly depressed and not knowing why, quite frankly, sucks  not sure if it's dba or just some subconscious irritation that's festering  either way, i want it to get away "
bored  -_-
"inactiveness! d= yeah, there's this thing called ~life~, and i'm busy living it  > smile "
omigod nightmare on elm street  laugh ddddd
"ladies and gentlemen, ~the game~ "
yay for relay!  laugh 
mood swing: i must dye my hair  now to decide exactly ~what~ to dye it  
"at-home movie night with friends! naturally, it's a group of women, so i'm probably going to od on <propfirst> depp, romantic comedies, and sci-fi flicks "
"i dislike writing emo-angsting scenes for characters, but when you kill people off to get the plot moving, it would seem weird if they were laughing and skipping down the ybr  on the upside: i killed the bimbo, and she ~burned~  fire fixes everything "
friiiidaaaaaaaay!
"another week, another five days wasted in the american public education system "
pirate facebook  you must try it 
poor girl out in the hall is having some kind of episode and half the class wants to go out there  nosy people  let the teacher sort it out and sit your stupid down 
"two more days and i'm done with school  or, at least, that was the original plan  moral blackmailing grr "
"hm  schools out  where's the fireworks at? i so far give this day two thumbs and a middle finger up  can't get license until next week because my \legal\"" vehicle decided to  suicide its engine  d:"""
"i'm not sure what i'd rather have, the cat not in my lap or for him to stop clawing my legs   confidential "
 love  <propmale> & <propfirst>'s  laugh  currently nom nomming my way through some flourless choco cake  actually not sure what the difference would be with flour  
"news  new insurance informant says that i can, in fact, drive with my totally-not-registered-here car for the driving test  so   only thing stopping me from my license is paperwork (grr) and driving down to the dmv (grrrrrrrrr)   laugh "
report card drama! gotta love all of the bs associated with grades with my house 
"agh! taking my driving test tomorrow over at the dmv  checked all my electrical stuff, made sure nothing's broken, checked my air in my tires, even went over oil to be sure  anything that i should be warned about? help me out, facebook!"
"lulz at my report card comment from civics: super student to teach  i hope to god i get conkle again next year  no offense, brafford, but i find it more consistently amusing to be laughing with him at the class rather than the class laughing with you at me or whoever your latest victim is "
passed!  laugh ddddd
"i have slept 8 hours, and my ass still hurts from driving five hours straight  whee  doesn't help that i have been demoted to sleeping in a futon in the office with a bird that does not stfu ever  i want to deep fry it so bad  it would be good to give to a hobo sometime!"
"it was sugggested that i could go work in mainstream fast food  i wasn't sure if i should have laughed or punched him at the thought of working at subway bk mcd  why don't i just go sell pot on a street corner at midnight, while i'm at it?"
"pirate facebook, i think we need some time apart  it isn't you, its me "
"lj: online! i miss having, y'know, any of my <propmale> materials, lit drafts, and my folder full of research and notes  rushing out of the house and forgetting essential anti-boredom materials = fail  d:"
money is e playful ensive nowadays 
2 am in the morning and i decide to get on facebook  yeah  job hunt isn't going so well 
why must the police always ruin good fun?
nothing embodies the true essence of a teenage than blowing through payday in three hours of shopping  i had a good day =p
"attention soon-to-be 11th graders: is anyone going to do that summer reading thing again that they gave us? from what i remember, most people that did it either screwed it up, cheesed it, or half-assed it >_>"
is not going to be seeing eclipse  like hell i'm going within five <propmale> of a theatre with the third twipocolpyse in action  twihards and bad acting scare me 
 love  coffee!  laugh 
"i am so jacked up for this weekend, 4th of july part-ay! really hope that i don't make the mistake of trying to drive over there, no way am i going to be able to drive back home that night  laugh "
it just hit me: i'm currently looking for a job  and jobless  i'm unemployed! i can complain about the economy!  laugh 
"political and religous views are now hidden  if you know me and your religions political views well enough, you should be able to guess and deal with the results  i don't want to deal with the drama that would get sent my way by the misinformed or just plain ignorant "
"i'm not sure what's weirder, the fact that i was at walmart at 9 pm (aghillegal) or that i was amazed by the amount of people there    i think there was the same number of cars in the lot, if not more   surprise "
"paaaaartyyyyyy! we're all totally messed up, but we had a des  driver tho, so no worries  everyone went from whee buuuzzzzzz to passing out on the first soft surface they bumped into at the house "
"   and i am going to bed, because now all the animals are coming in here and driving me insane  fat cats  annoyed = lap animals "
"i don't get all the mass purging of friend <propfemale> lists lately  if i know like someone, then i'll add accept invites from him her  if i'm all about a <propfemale>, then i'll like it  otherwise, why add it in the first place?"
"oldest sis went back to <propmale>, <sad face>  was a kickass 4th weekend, though  kinda made me mad when she cut me off, but w e  i know when i've had enough shots, grr "
rain!  laugh 
"side ended a week old truck  he got scratches on his rims, i have a dent behind my passenger door and the stripe is all but ripped off  i think i came off much worse  am lucky that he was willing to charge me for overpriced cosmetic procedures rather than report it to my insurance, though, so i don't get to complain in <propmale>  >>"
"i am a zomby  that runs on caffeine and sugar  rawr  f;-;f (grr  i saw an awesome zombie emoticon that i really liked and i can't remember it now, i know it had the ff arms  any ideas?)"
"thunderstormz  woot, woot  time to go to teh beach "
also: waffles  ^^
i'm going back to cali next summer  i am so tired of the east coast 
its just not that serious 
"going to go see salt tomorrow at 11! also, new album (further) from the chemical brothers  i might actually legally buy music for once just because the cover looks that awesome  laugh "
wikiquote is fun 
saw salt again today  that movie is awesome!  laugh 
"uploading family photos, check it out "
"storm!!  laugh  awesome rain music, bit jazzy: the seatbelts - piano black  still uploading photos, going to be a few albums  x_x"
"there is nothing worse than getting a full plate bowl of tasty food, then tripping over something and 90% of it goes into the floor  which, as we have multiple dogs, cats, and children running around that floor, i'm not eating off of "
hoome!
hair cut!  laugh 
anyone else get one of those things in the mail inviting them to oceania for next summer? i'm totally going 
pendulum  love !
<propmale> bummer  i can't find any sites online for my book  looks like i'll have to do a legit reading log    which means i have to actually read the book  <propfemale> sigh 
"uhg  high schoolers are back in school  i hate competing with them for the 3:15 traffic on t th when my last class ends, its a mad-house! at least i leave home late enough to get in after the morning rush (   so i have to deal with the college rush hour  )"
 love  supernormal step  http annoyed  supernormalstep com 
anyone else taking the sat? i'm signed up 
"i'm missing hs  almost no social here, its all class, then go home, every day  no school sports, events, assemblies, no filler stuff  yeah, i've met some great people at the echs, but if it wasn't for the fact that i share a class or club with them, i wouldn't have  never thought i'd say it, but    i'm supposed to be making friends and hanging out with people, not counting the days until hs is over and i move on "
"ooh  apparently, if you click on that little lock next to share and go to customize, you can filter out who certain updates will appear to  those of you who have parentals on fb, your salvation has arrived!"
<propfemale> & the machine - dog days are over  love 
i'm bored  let's kill some time! like this post and i'll comment with the one word that comes to mind when i think of you
"sigh  laughed too hard, now i have hiccups  wah "
so tired of this place  i want to go to australia or canada and just talk to people  all of the international people i've met so far are awesome   annoyed \
"i love how if i don't spend the 15 minute walk back and forth across campus to check in at a class i don't have on the side of campus i never travel to, they call home and say i'm absent  when i've been there the whole day and have staff students that will back it up  bureaucracy is awesome!"
"does anyone know of a way to get in contact with mr  b, hales, or dr  m? i need a teacher witness that i was at school today "
<propmale> zimmer - vide cor meum  smile 
you can mistrust me less than you can mistrust him  trust me 
"if not conforming is now what everyone's trying to do, doesn't that mean that you're just conforming by trying to not conform so you can be like everyone else that doesn't conform? be different because you want to, not because everyone else is doing it  that's not being different "
i've noticed a horrible lack of annoying and tacky bumper stickers on my car  where's a good place to pick em' up? represent! =p
"first interact meeting! it    wasn't terrible? i probably sounded like a rambling idiot, but w e  i get that all the time =p"
well  summer's over and i have accomplished a grand total of    nothing  i'm going to california or i'm doing that foreign trip thing  i am beyond tired of life being so    uninteresting  annoyed \
haters to the left 
"key of awesome  restoring my faith in humanity, one video at a time "
you lost the game   laugh 
"stories of people who complain about not having rides or nobody available to give them rides amuses me  i've got 4 slots in my car open, but nobody ever thinks of me  hah!"
"i have established that i am going to go out and do something next weekend \unfortunately, i have no idea what that thing is "
"it's never about the big things  you learn to adjust to the big things  it's those little, <propfemale> annoyances that pile up and keep changing that make you want to rip your hair out, scream, and charge at somebody with a chainsaw "
"to those of you stuck doing research papers at the real high school for senior project, just let me say,  point,  lol"
"so dance, dance, like it's the last, last night of your life, life   "
viral facebook statuses amuse me  especially when i'm in the minority that gets them 
"i'm getting that strange urge to look good  quick, somebody snap me out of it! i can't let that poor school see me cleaned up, their heads would e playful lode! d:"
"(>'_')># i was going to give you this waffle \#<('_'<) but then i was like \(>'#'<) well i'm hungry \(>'-'<) so i ate it "
"miss my family! november, get here faster "
"i have been informed that the echs spirit week is coming up \\please  none of us have any school spirit "
pink - raise your glass =  laugh 
"another weekend, another three days of boredom  i miss home "
"tgif! also, niece turns one year on monday, woot!  laugh "
"people who make viruses should be infected with the worst disease ever to happen to man while dying in a painful and horrific manner  thank you, asshole who made the latest anti-virus scam, for eating all of my internet browsers and my update programs "
"so, internet, what do you think i'm qualified to do for work?"
"looking at local food service job prerequisites  it's official, i've gone job hunting!  laugh "
"the hair-dye urge, it returns! begone, e playful ensive beast!"
picked out my halloween costume!  laugh 
purple hair today!  laugh 
"girls need to stop being so skanky  stop sending naked pics, seriously  if you want to flash your boyfriend then drag him to a closet and bang him there "
i am    oddly surprised by the fun i had tonight   surprise 
these pages are addictive! d:
"lol, love it when i <propfemale> on two different conversations with a person at the same time with texting and fb messaging  there's that ding where i realize i'm wasting minutes  laugh "
i feel old   sad 
"not limewire, nooooooooo! this is double plus ungood, wtf "
"rip, limewire  i will remember you every time i play my music that you saved me hundreds of dollars on "
"i have never laughed so hard in my life: fake(+)(+),perfect\ (o)(o), perky ( wink ( wink , cold (^)(^), big ( o )( o ), or small ( )( )  \even grandma's \\  \\   save them all!! lets fight breast cancer"
"these like pages rock \\s c h o o l  = seven crappy hours of our life\c l a s s  = come late and start sleeping\f i n a l s  = fuck i never actually learned shit"
"police officer: sir, do you have any idea how fast you were going?\guy: do you have any idea how fast you were going to keep up with me?\officer: have a nice day "
whew  it's going to be a long week 
don't forget to vote today!
"interact members, we have a fb <propfemale>! talk to me for an invite, i've got it locked down atm until i get all of the info up  <propfemale> and <propfemale>, add whoever i miss   smile "
today is a good day!  laugh 
"interact members: our <propfemale> is public now! search for rechs interact club and join the group, we're using it for our communication base until the forums go back up  i'm putting meetings and important information there and you can share information there for the rest of us too "
"it's going to raaaaaaaain!  laugh \and i have to drive in it on back country roads! d:"
the game!  laugh 
"it's always during the time that i really, really need to work that i get the insipiration to write! sorry, work, i have creativity to pour out  my books aren't going to publish themselves!"
"went to waycup coffee in wentworth and grabbed a cinnamon roll on the way home, this is the best cinnamon roll i have ever eaten  3$ and it's the size of my hand, i taste a new morning habit developing  smile "
mango laugh 
you show the lights that stop me turn to stone
movie night! > laugh 
"those of you in dr  m's <propmale> english class, i need any info you have on the <propfemale> rainey project! the info vanished with the forum and i need to get it done d:"
yawn  i despise homework  -_-
"best part about being a selfish bastard? i take it a step beyond keeping it to myself, i hide the sun that is myself behind this mask i wear  the only time the light comes out is well outside the abyss that is this place  if i have to live in a world of shadow, i may as well blend in   joyful "
"i have got to get a new profile picture  it needs to snow, seriously, it just isn't a real profile pic of me without snow   sad "
bed 
sudden urge to go ice skating  hm 
"going to see the family next week, yaaay!  laugh "
"went to the parade with <propfemale> and <propfemale>, had my car parked up front with the top down and hot food from mcd's  laugh "
"countdown: two days, 17 hours, 50 minutes   laugh "
"19 hours, 22 minutes   laugh "
"grr  us history curriculum misrepresenting hippies pisses me off  yeah, the same people who arrested the hippies are totally the ones who should be allowed to talk about them "
"3 3: and so you have to remember, when you're in that jury room \deliberatin' and conjugatin' the emancipation proclamation, [approaches \and softens] does it make sense? no! ladies and gentlemen of this \supposed jury, it does not make sense! if chewbacca lives on endor, you \must acquit! the defense rests "
"2 3: but more important, you have to ask yourself: what does this have to do \with this case? nothing  ladies and gentlemen, it has nothing to do with\ this case! it does not make sense! look at me  i'm a lawyer defending a\ <propmale> record company, and i'm talkin' about chewbacca! does that make \sense? ladies and gentlemen, i am not making any sense! none of this \makes sense!"
"somebody asked me what the chewbacca defense was annoyed \1 3: johnnie\ cochran: ladies and gentlemen, this is chewbacca  chewbacca is a \wookiee from the planet kashyyyk  but chewbacca lives on the planet \endor  now think about it: that does not make sense! why would a \wookiee, an eight-foot tall wookiee, want to live on endor with a    bunch of two-foot tall ewoks? that does not make sense!"
mmm! fun drive last night  going to go see the lights at the botanical gardens tonight and visit some people   smile 
"it is beyond refreshing to be away from all of the bs and drama  nothing but friends, family, and some good times around here  i love this city  love "
buuzzzzzzzz 
soooo sad to leave for home tomorrow  i love this place 
<propfirst> franco and <propfemale> hathaway to host oscars: squee!  laugh dd
<|
"when government surveillance and intimidation is called \freedom from terrorism\"" or \""liberation from crime\""", freedom and liberty have become words without meanings \ea814b5c30abaa59b7cb54891e125e8c,"\i feel like tigers are walking over my grave  my grave is gonna be badass \"""""
snow
"computer research, it is hurting mah brain! i hate upgrade season  troubled "
happy birthday to me 
thanks for all of the birthday wishes   smile 
the jester bows with a grin as the wolf lunges for the <propmale> 
"95 on my e playful ository writing exam, woot! passed teh class  laugh "
and i so do not want to write this damn paper for senior project  ragh! > indecision 
"if you'd apply yourself, you would rule the world  (said to me by my english professor)"
two snow-days means two more days at the end of the year i can skip  laugh 
"well, then  rcc dropped me from my classes for no discernible reason  mom then read the letter and used it for an excuse to go on a responsibility rant, even though she doesn't know what she's talking about, and be a general bitch during christmas  contrary to her thoughts, -i- am not the one ruining holiday cheer around here "
happy consumerism day pagan holiday!  laugh 
"wow  sales at kohls right now are ridiculous, i don't know if i want to hit va beach first thing when i get up there to make sure i can grab everything i want or go home first to rest for a shopping spree, haha!"
"i forgot to mention, happy wintereenmas!  laugh "
hey  i want my profile back  wtf 
"tried to take a picture of myself with mah new hat  i looked at the picture, my automatic response: \eeuuugghhhhhh!\"" i am so horrifically non-photogenic d:"""
"you say \erbs\"" and we say \""herbs\""  because there's a f@#$ing \""h\"" in it """
half my paper done  first night i've even thought about it  i love being me ^ ^
"i honestly think i should have stayed in high school  i might have actually gave a damn about this stuff if it mattered  i mean, really, half my senior paper in one night  even i'm sitting here thinking about how messed up that is (naturally, instead of writing it) "
amg  i finished all of my work this last grading period  ir so proud   smile 
"twilight's like soccer  they run around for two hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans insist that you just don't understand "
"relay meeting tomorrow amg  go read one of the <propfemale>, inconspicuous flyers on the boards!"
"snow!    and rain  my two favorite things, woot!"
"you know that if a light is yellow then it's about to turn red, and you also know that if a light is red then the other one is green, so you automatically associate the yellow light with going forward  you're making a logical leap, something no other animal is able to do, which is why bears suck so much at driving "
filling out online job applications = pita 
shroooooooooomz   laugh 
"all the crazy shit i did tonight, those will be the best memories  i just want to let it go for the night, that will be the best therapy for me "
"contrary to popular belief, i was not born in a manger  i was sent in a rocket ship from the planet krypton, by my father, jor-el, to save the earth "
"i've been sucked back into facebook  the interwebs, it is nomming my life!\\   wait, i don't have one of those around here  these people would never believe that i have a pretty nice life outside this general 20 mile radius!\\silly me   joyful "
"only in novels do places crumble to dust, when their spirit is lost \-<propfemale> duclare"
there were clouds yesterday and now they're gone  i got no rain  i am very unsatisfied! d:<
sometimes you must give all of your meat to the tiger if you wish to tiptoe by it safely 
"alot, i think we need to spend some time apart  it's not you, it's me "
it almost looks okay if you look at the thumbnail at my wall     and pull your head back slightly  maybe focus on the right side? i totally suck at taking pictures   annoyed \
make every day your day of peace 
family tomorrow  eeee!  laugh 
"i'm not sure who <propfirst> is, but i like his mango punch   smile "
"ndd tomorrow  for those of you not going to a party, i'll party extra hard for you poor, deprived people  love "
parade in an hour! now to go kill the silly people and steal their parking spots 
the music of the day appears to be requiems  can't get lux aeterna out of my head or mozart's requiem 
"beach friday, yay  board game party until 4 am yesterday today, whee   laugh "
"well, that was a fun weekend "
i need to stop clicking on suspicious links from people that i know  my eyes burn  x_x
"sucker punch comes out on friday, whee  laugh "
"okay, if anyone has seen movies recently, i need some advice  i'm definitely going to see sucker punch on friday  <propmale>'s speech, <propfirst>, and black swan are rated r - i can get in, but the rest of my group probably can't \\other choices: adjustment bureau, rango, red riding hood, and limitless  assuming we get there around 4, we have time for three movies  i'm leaning towards rango "
fun night   smile 
go to youtube and look for maddi <propfemale>  that girl can sing 
i have thoroughly beaten the total mind screw that is sucker punch! ha! isn't quite as sad when you realize that everyone who died was a hallucination  > >
"i've been infected by the <propfemale> crazy  damnit, <propfemale>! =p"
i dance to the beat of my own drum  listen closely and you can hear the music 
some of them want to use you  some of them want to be used by you 
sending applications wouldn't be that bad if every place didn't have a 20 minute questionnaire at the end of their application that asks the exact same questions as every other place 
what beautiful music  http annoyed  www amishrakefight org gfy images fword mp3
