2c6166c663d9fa6e6fc6c78be2f4c9a1
haven't had a night like that in years!! whoa! i need to get out more   smile  happy 2010 everyone!
is helping <propfirst> move today!
can make it through another 2 days      i think 
just found out i'm being transferred to riverside elementary! go bears 
busch gardens was lovely  i'm tired now though
now has something to do this summer    about 608 pages of it      smile  hooray for vampires and werewolves 
is grateful for sunshine and quiet
in yard sale hell     today and tomorrow
has a midterm in 3 hours
is going to see <propmale> potter tonight
"gets to <propfemale> out with her awesome bf tonight @ kid rock and skynyrd, you should go too  smile "
"thinks my husband needs to get a job already!!! lay-off shmay-off    someone put him to work please, and save my summer sanity "
cannot sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppp      
is thinking about being productive today     but thinking can be so tiring    
loves yorktown beach and <propfemale>!! two of my favorite things  smile 
just made a bomb ass meal for some special peeps  smile 
is getting attacked by the hunger beast!! aggghhhh!
will rock my final tonight!  smile 
is celebrating my awesomeness    haha cheers to me!!  smile 
might have to have a throw-down with my academic advisor    i ate my wheaties just in case  wink 
is making chocolate chip cookies and waiting for date night with the hub 
just got my geek on  jupiter is beautiful tonight and oh so bright  smile 
"i conquered all 5 <propmale> of the noland trail today    or rather, it conquered me  i'm headin to bed    "
"sra training all day at gildersleeve    ugh, school is about to start     "
is sooooooooooo thankful my hub got a job!!!!!!!! quaker steak and lube tonight to celebrate  wink 
date night with the hub! pancakes and bacon: check  <propfemale> night: check  ghosthunters season premiere: in 15 minutes     smile   love 
just ordered some pizza and salad  smile  mmm mmm good!
just mowed the back yard and came to the conclusion that it's too frickin hot outside!!  sad  blahhhh
just made my first banana pudding!
i  love  thunderstorms!     but my beagle is terrified!!!
my life = cheesy soap opera    
is on a boat!  laugh 
's husband started work today!!!
is trying to decide on a halloween costume already (i like to plan ahead)     and it's between <propfemale> <propfemale> or lady gaga     what do you think?
is gonna enjoy my last day of freedom!!! work starts back up tomorrow     sad 
"shopping was terrific today! just what i needed before school work starts back up!  smile  awesome shoes, awesome shirts     and a bath tub mat for my joker dog (so he won't fall)  love "
"is finally going to bed     goodbye sleeping in, it's been real fun!     hello waking up at the ass-crack of <propfemale>, i hate your guts!"
"i love it when cornhole, bowling, and horseshoes are considered \team building exercises\"" at work      smile  too bad everyday won't be as fun"""
"loved her cultural e playful erience tonight in richmond      smile  scary, but good times!"
the hot tub is a callin'
@ hines ms for training all day    
is home relaxing after a strenuous day of prof  development      blahhhhhhh
hates waking up early more and more every day 
is self-medicating with some pinot and cake    a lovely combination 
hello weekend!!!!!!  smile 
sooooo stoked about my 3rd graders <propfirst> scores!!!  smile  they made my weekend!  love 
just slept for 13 hours  and it was awesome!!!
just had the best first day of school ever! i think it's going to be a great year!  smile 
is grillin' out!
is chicago-bound this weekend!!  smile  t g i f 
is leavin on a jet plane tomorrow!  smile  be back on monday 
loved chicago and had an awesome birthday weekend!!!
"just got in from fishing on the <propfirst>, now we're about to grill up our catch "
ugh     is it seriously monday again?
"has a horrible sore throat     but hey, atleast it's friday!  smile  9 more hours 'til i can relax "
"so much to do, so little time   "
and the beat goes on    
is back online!!!!! woohoo
just spot-seeded my lawn     it's lookin good!!  smile 
let the cleaning begin!!!
hooray for a spotlessly clean house!!! every single room is done!
is soooo excited for my costume! can't wait for fabric shopping with <propfirst> on tuesday!!!
fabric shopping    then toy story 1&2 in 3d?!?! hmmm
picture day today at work (always fun times    ) and then my midterm  thursday sucks 
"is about to rock a midterm    then hopefully catching up on some ghosthunters and sleep, which i so desparately need "
is gearing up for the next 7 days of quarterly testing      ugh    put me out of my misery 
getting ready for the halloween fiesta at my place tonight!!  smile  i  love  halloween!!!!!
has lots to do today 
must laugh at life's occassional ridiculousness 
is hoping for a 2-hour delay tomorrow      laugh 
"newport news public schools will happily delay for fog  but apparently torrential downpours, flooding, and wind combined isn't dangerous enough       hooray"
doesn't have to work today!!! i hope everyone continues to stay safe  smile  happy friday
just had the weirdest and most amazing night    gotta love spontaneous glam and limo rides
loves the sunshine!!  smile 
wants to go back to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppp 
loves a freshly mowed lawn! i just wish there was more daylight in the evenings to enjoy it 
's husband got great news!  smile  worrying can subside now 
ughhhhh    work is getting in the way of my rock fishing  saw an oyster toad for the first time last night and it was pretty much disgusting 
"eye doctor, then new <propfemale>! can't wait"
is determined to survive her last day of teaching before break!  i can't wait to sleep in tomorrow!!!!
"wrote a paper, got my hair did, ate left-overs    my day is pretty much complete  smile "
hanging out with the hub!  smile   love 
just made some awesome snickerdoodles!
working on paper #2 and enjoying my last day of vacation
just decorated the front yard for christmas! can't believe it's just around the corner   
"papers, doc appt, then class tonight    "
is enjoying football
can't it go ahead a be saturday already??
"just took my final (got an a), and wrote and submitted a paper (on which i'll get an a)  i would like to thank the makers of  love mountain dew amp love  for making it all possible   smile "
"   just keep swimming    2 5 teaching days left, then i can enjoy my much needed break "
"r i p  <propfemale> murphy    may you \roll with your homies\"" in heaven   sad """
woooooooooooooohoooooooooooooooo! no work until the 4th!!!!!!!!!!!
up at the ass crack of <propfemale> getting insulation blown into my attic for christmas
just made a strawberry cake and is about to watch the cowboys whoop the 'skins 
is in love with my new camera and my hubby who bought it for me!!
i  love  ulta!!
is it seriously almost 2010?? holy crap
ughhhhhhh back to work       sad 
is excited that i'll be done with this whole master's thing in summer '11! i can't wait!!
leopard    grrrr  wink 
my 'boys are gonna whoop up on some eagles tonight!  smile 
preppin for ladies night at <propfemale>'s!  smile 
busy week! class starts tomorrow!  sad 
is off to mcv with the hub 
t g i f !! can't wait to sleep innnnnnnnnnnn  smile 
not looking forward to the 2 weeks of testing that await my return to work tomorrow     
"parents just left, taking boost to the vet, then hopefully coming back home and doing absolutely nothing "
holy crap! it's friday again already! me likey   smile 
who knew sledding could be so dangerous!  smile  my knees look like i've been in a kick boxing competition with a little person 
i  love  no work and no school tomorrow!!
is not working!  smile  but i am going to norfolk later on with the hub 
no school for nnps = no work for me  smile 
has a 8 smile 0am date with my husband at <propfirst> imaculate    then back to bed   smile 
that bastard saw his shadow  6 more weeks of winter   sad 
"no work, day 3! making these days up is going to be a bitch!"
2 hour delay tomorrow!  smile  waking up at 6:!5 am would have been a shock to my system anyways
heading out to watch some polar plunge antics  staying in va beach tonight 
omg - polar plunge was crazy!!! but so fun! time to sleep it off
just got back from a benefit breakfast for <propmale> and is so appreciative of people's generosity!  smile   love 
nothing says <propfirst>'s day quite like a doughnut   smile  nom nom nom
just did my taxes and i'm very proud to say i'm getting money back! thank goodness!!  smile 
"ughhhh, work's almost over   then it's class time 'til 7   mondays are so long    "
tgif!! can i get an amen?!
mmm micky d's  smile 
"finished washing the vehicles, planted tulips (hoping they still come up), baked a cake, and printed pictures to replace some old ones in my house  i guess the weather got me motivated  i can't wait for spring     love "
ugh   class is killin me 
getting a much-needed haircut!
"ugh, faculty meeting and <propfirst> testing tomorrow!!!! cross your fingers for my 5th graders  smile "
is cooler than a polar bear's toenails  be jealous 
1 2 day of work today! thank god!
"another day, another dollar "
"just finished rearranging the computer room and setting up our new desk! ugh, i'm so tired!!"
jury duty sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thinks it's hilarious (and sad) that it takes 3 days for 2 teams of lawyers to pick 9 people out of a group of 32 to be jurors  seriously? 3 days?
"hello, spring break!  smile "
"working on a project for my class that's due tonight      during my spring break       sad  ugh, i'm thrilled "
"got home from work so i could work some more  ughhhhh, 46 more days and counting     "
nothing like good music to put your mind at ease           
softball practice was fantabulous today    gettin' pumped for the game tomorrow  smile 
has a beautiful battle wound from softball     but it rocks!  smile 
pizza's on the way! nom nom    smile 
goin to target to pick up pics and frames for mother's day 
"14 days <propfirst> testing starts tomorrow!! aggggghhhhhhhhhh    for now, i'm eating ice cream and strawberries, and watching zombieland with the hub "
"\can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now \"" ~ b o b """
chillin with my  love hubby love     smile 
cleaning like a mad woman  smile 
"writing a paper, then off to class          omg shoot me "
10 more days!!!!!!!!!!!! i can almost taste the freedom of an unencumbered summer b-)
spooky wednesdays are my favorite!!  wink 
trying to get from eggshell to off-white today without burning
going to buckroe to whoop some people in bocce ball  smile 
blahhhhhhhhhh  i'm sick  sad  and my throat feels like someone was using a sander on it  boo
it's official!! after 4 straight weeks of <propfirst> testing these kiddos     i am done for the year!!!
can't wait for funny bone in va beach tomorrow night!  smile 
funny bone was awesome!! <propmale> byrne and <propfirst> <propmale> = freakin hilarious
just 3 more days of children      summer's so close!  smile 
at the pet store and lunch with the hub  love 
going out to smithfield equipped with a fresh pecan pie!
class tonight 
"just went looking for my dog for like 40 minutes, only to come home and find him on the porch! so glad he's back though!!  smile   love "
going to a bbq and oyster roast in yorktown  smile  yum!
just cleaned and rearranged the bedroom and love it!  smile 
giggity giggity
"it's just me, the sun, and a bottle of panama <propfirst>!"
just saw a snake in my garden!! just a little guy though     maybe 2ft long
"the wait is over! i just got my <propfirst> scores in, and almost all of my kiddos did quite well  smile "
waiting for anxiously for tosh 0  smile 
just got a new bikini for this weekend! totally stoked! now what to do with these 2 mutts?
beautimous outside!! b-)
"duck duck, <propmale> <propmale>, banana fana fo       smile  preppin to go to duck!"
off and away! be back sunday!!  smile 
got a midterm tonight!  sad  so i'm studying    
"done studying! now    should i watch they live with the pups, or <propfemale> out in the 100 degree temps     hmmm, i think it's time to kick and chew bubblegum   and i'm all out of bubblegum  smile "
goooaaaalllllll!
making and canning salsa! mmm mmm good  smile 
"i'm like a steppin' razor\don't you watch my size\i'm dangerous, so dangerous "
time to get crunk
predators was decent  i give it a b 
"getting lunch somewhere, then forcing myself to read this stupid article for class "
writing a paper  it's a short one though!!
"so, i have officially done nothing today  woke up at 12 pm, took a nap at 3, woke up at 4 smile 0     now, i'm just waiting for b to get home    love  me some summer "
making meatloaf!   smile 
running out to hampton with my dad
"va beach awaits my return, and it shudders "
wasting time like it's my job 
reuniting the band tonight @ <propfirst>'s! eccentric dog party is gettin' gansta 
this weather is relentless   sad 
time to un-f myself and redo this frickin project           ugh  why can't odu just give me this master's already??
i guess since it's 12 smile 0 i'll go ahead and get out of bed 
just ate the most bomb-diggity chicken pot pie of my life!
$ it's pay day $  smile 
"holy crap, it's august already?!!!"
saw the neighbor's tree split in half while making dinner! awesome!!
new clothes make me smile!!!  smile 
laundry and studying for my final tonight   
of to smitty to make signs for the tree farm 
 love  homemade biscuits and butter   mmmmmmmmm
"just went to work for a little bit, and i'm completely excited for this coming school year!!"
getting my house straight and packing for tubing this weekend!!!
i love receiving mysterious donations in the mail!!! so blessed and lucky on this friday the 13th!!!!!  bout to head out to scottsville for an awesome weekend!
back in the 757!
off to smitty 
"and just like that, my summer has ended  goodbye dear friend "
has survived my first unofficial day back to work 
can't wait for night time! turning off all the lights and watchin the crazies tonight!  smile  yay!
holy mother!!!!!! >:-\\
"sooo    yesterday i was told that i no longer have a classroom to teach my 19 (special) children in    today has got to be better    hi ho, it's off to work i go "
commanded and conquered!  smile 
"baking carrot cupcakes for my mom's birthday, then heading out to smithfield "
in class until i've decided i've had enough and come home 
kudos to <propfirst> hawking for stating the obvious 
i love sleeping-in during rain showers!
sippin soco and lime and countin down for the cowboys redskins game!!!  smile 
"had the most amazing dream!!! just me, the <propfemale> clear ocean, a kinda creepy puffer fish, and a hot underwater camera!!"
"just got home and read all my bday comments!! thank you guys so much, you all made my day!!   smile "
"class 'til 2:15, then either tutoring, or going to smithfield    i dunno, it's all up in the air "
"just kicked some old-school mathematic's ass! pemdas and foil ain't got nothin on me  \\god, it feels good to be a gangsta "
"another day in paradise, coming up!  smile "
finally! a cowboy win     3rd time's a charm 
mmmmmmmmmmm      chik-fil-a!
"home for the day! gonna make this the best \sick day\"" ever!  smile """
let my 31 days of halloween begin!  smile   yay!
getting my mid-term on
i like it on the subwoofer 
"another day, another gray hair      these kids are nuts!"
"\throw dirt on me   i'll grow a wildflower\"" ~ lil weezy"""
"put on a happy face! do it  do it now \ smile "
no rock fishing for me    project for class  sad  boooooo
it's going to be another glorious day in munchkin country!
"class and project all day      sad     \just keep swimming\"""""
"back to the grind     quarterlies, ieps, mtgs, and more   "
"class, maybe a presentation, then home around 2 smile 0 "
done for the day   maybe until june 16th     who knows
meatballs and fooooootballlllllll   smile 
go cowboys! <propfirst> <propmale> drank his red bull last week fo sho 
just met with my odu advisor and found out that i will be graduating with my master's in august!!! woohooo!!!! it's almost over!!  smile 
"i'll be doing the \it's the last day of work 'til monday\"" dance all day today!!"""
i'm on vacation! happy thanksgiving everyone!!   smile 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  until monday next week (dec  6th), we hope to see less human faces on facebook, but an invasion of childhood memories  this is for awareness of violence against children "
gettin' my learn on 
playing rb3 'til plaza time 
"i love getting about 3 4 of the way through with my online final, and the power goes out! now i have to restart it from the very beginning!  sad "
"holiday party for work, then back to rb3  wink "
lasagna and garlic bread time!  smile  mmm
8 more days til winter break    fa <propfemale><propfemale> <propfemale> la la 
about to start my last final of the semester     smile 
i love that school is cancelled and it hasn't even snowed yet!!!  smile  snow day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!  love 
another day at home! fabulous!!  love 
"taking my last final, round 2  hopefully better luck on this one "
kinda sad that i really do have to go to work tomorrow   just 2 5 more days though!!
celebrating christmas tonight with my side of the family  <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
"had a dream that we are going to get anywhere from 2-11\!! time to get the sled from smithfield  smile """
a very <propfemale> un-birthday to you 
got a 10am date with the dentist 
"totally excited for tonight's festivities!! may 2011 bring everyone more happiness, love, and success!  love "
got football and a new book (on zombies!!) to keep me entertained     perfect sunday minus my cold
"busy, busy week ahead     sad "
goodbye cavity   hello partial paralysis of the right side of my face!
   and my second-to-last semester begins 
3  day  weekend   laugh    oh joy!
off to williamsburg for a bridal shower
"off to smitty for a little bit, then dinner and a movie with the hub   love "
is so done rearranging my 15' x 15' classroom     this is about the 15th time this year already and i'm sure it won't be the last 
 love  italian lemon creme cake
just about done making the yard look beautiful!  love  me some yardwork!!
kinda hoping for a tornado     just sayin    
i got to wake up to an e playful loded water heater!! hooray! at least it's in the garage and not in the house   
my 5th graders are taking the writing sols tomorrow and thursday!!! i'm hoping for greatness!  smile 
oh midterm! how i loathe thee 
just got an a- on my midterm    i'll take it!  smile  yay
feels a naptime coming on
it is friday!! thank you sweet baby jesus 
almost spring break     
"wondering why i am just now coming to the realization that i have 5 papers (short ones, thank god) due by april 5th???  booo      sad "
waking up 32 minutes late is not the best way to start your day off    ugh (solo tres mas dias   )
 love  spring break starts is t-minus 8 hours!!!!!!! double woot   smile 
typing my l i f e   a   w   a   y        
