18d0910a4ffb817435dc970d33de84ca
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior    we need to get god back in <propfemale>    if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status  as you can see, i am not ashamed  i too believe it should be done!16 hours ago"
ya know i just love all my friends and family even friends i havent seen in 20 years
summer merritt i love you and the grandbabies
what does today hold in store???
this year really sucks     i really hate december!!! my hubby was given at the most 6 monthsto live   my son is in iraq     my daughter (<propfirst>' wife) and grandbabies are in hawaii    i feel so fucking lost   
white
its cold in wyoming
still in wyoming and looooove it!
"if you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth, then copy and paste this, and let's give our kids the recognition they need and deserve  i am proud of my children and i thank god for them every day!!! i already do"
will be back home soon!!
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  ? so love the people who treat you right  ? forget about the ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  ~ post this to your wall if you agree ~"
be back home today!!!!!
i am back home a month in wyoming    really glad to be home!!!!!
"look back and thank god  look forward and trust god  look around and serve god  look within and find god! god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors no man can close  if you need god to open some doors for you   repost and if you don't need god to open some doors for you, just ignore this"
"if you have a best friend, who will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, still love you when you mess up, and still loves you for all your faults, then copy and paste this to your status   "
my chat is not working son
oh there it goes
goodmorning everyone    i sure hope everyone has a wonderful day!! ; )
why are your kids so stupid at times??? why why why????
the color of your bra made the news but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!!! this should appear in everyone's status! please do this for the ones that make this the land of free and    the home of the brave     
how many of you aren't embarrased to say that jesus is your saviour? if your not embarrased post this on your profile  im not embarrased  jesus is my savior!!!!!!
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence     wasco"
"before you were conceived i wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life \ put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself!! i love my children ? ? ?"""
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this    in memory of all fallen soldiers"
i hope everyone has a great day!!!
so whats really going on??
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? ~
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear  your voice again i thought of you today, but that is nothing new, i  thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in  silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture  in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never  part        god has you in his arms, i have you in my heart  repost if  you have someone in heaven "
still the momma!!!
3 5hrs my zoo has been loading my babies are going to die   what do i do??
today is going to be a great day  dont let anyone tell you different!!
well im off to do my yard   love a <propfemale> day with yard work    aah   relaxing
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the\united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands one\nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all \now   lets see how many <propfemale>ns will repost this out of respect for\our country   and our veterans on this memorial day weekend  fallen but\   never forgotten "
my babyboy is on his way home after 1 year in iraq!!! im so happy ; )
"there comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be anything but happy  repost if you agree, i just did     ~?~"
happy 4th everyone  this is independence day  let freedom ring!!!
"hey friends if anyone is interested in supporting a soldier just returning from iraq, my son <propfirst> returns to bakersfield tonight at 11:22 p m  at meadows field airport and it would be greatly appreciated if you would or could come out and give him the kind of welcome home he deserves  even if you dont support the war support the troops, i do  so come out and help give him a great big bakersfield welcome home "
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  ? so love the people who treat you right  ? forget about the ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it "
"just got 330 farm cash for free !\ >> http annoyed  bit ly farmvillecashfree"
"i really really hate 2 faced, shit starting, lying, mother fucken bitches!!!\  they know who they are!! dont you"
anyways
almost to wasco  yuck!!! on the good side though i get to see my long time bff who i haven't seen in forever and the best part about 2day is its just me and my son  
it's a sad sad day today my son is gone again
"we\have children going to bed without eating   elderly going without \needed medicines   mentally ill without treatment   troops without \proper equipment   yet we donate millions to other countries before \helping our own first   99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to\    copy and repost this!!!!see more"
ddy needs a needs a home animal control is going to put him down
i mean <propmale>
somebody have a heart help this dog
thanks to <propfirst> cunningham for sending me wingsssss  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com fairies-and-a-bfchae home?tv3=mkrragqbeekrwsuhkz%2fehy6bh0igbhkybqfw3okniq%3d%3d
"see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your   status  i'll   be watching to see who really does <propfemale>   family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life?"
"this is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those continue to conquer! put this for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i was proud to  will you?6 hours ago · comment ·likeunlike \write a comment   "
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are   "
"i just want to thank all my friends and family for the bithday wishes, gifts, and the great day in general, thanks <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> it was a wonderful party  i love you all so much "
"a\person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i \know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my\friends"
"5 deadly terms used by a woman  1  fine   this is the word women use to end an arguement when they know they are right and you need to shut up  2  nothing  means something and u need to be wary  3  go ahead   this is a dare, not permission, do not do it  4  whatever   is a woman's way of saying f**k you  5  that's ok    she is thinking long and hard on how and when you will pay for your mistake  re-post if u agree"
