060d5173f7febc097fcb554ab709e855
this deleting you stuff really pystes me off big time! join me you feel the same way!
the loner      always listens to others crap never gets acknowledged is always thought of as a nobody not loved by friends barely heard by her family no companionship just another loner
what do you do when you don't know if you like a guy?
snow day!! yes!! finally!!
what the hell is wrong with me?!  every guy i talk to seems to hate me!  now three guys hate me just for freakin talking to them!  what is this!?
getting my tree tomorrow!! woo-hoo!! i can't wait!!
"occdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
"you say you want a revolution? weell ya know, we all want to change the world!"
footballl!!! go colts!!
"i hate everybody in the whole high school! nobody listens, everyone pushes you around, and not one guy looks at me!!! it's like i'm f-in invisible!!"
"ok, anyone remember <propfirst> michaelson? well lasy night i had a dream where we were reunited after three years of no communication! we hugged forever! it was very cute!"
"\on the breakfast nook \"""""
i love how there is a million people on chat but no one i want to talk to!
i can not wait until all the assholes in school get what they deserve!  then the underdogs will revolt and take over the school!
"so this morning my dad thought he was going to work   he didn't realize our road had a foot of snow in it   cars with 4 wheel drive should go through snow right?  well it did but not very far! my dad got 100 feet from the house and got stuck   so from 4 surprise 0 o'clock this morning he tried to get back to the house   it took 6 people, including me, to get him home! where the fuck are the plows?!"
"what is your favorite band(s)? mine are led zepplin, the who, and the beatles!"
"how come all the freaks can get a gf bf, but i have nobody?!  i can't wait until i have somebody and people can eat what they say!"
"tgif! and my freaking birthday! it a win-win situation! thanks to all the people who worte happy b-day and said it today! to all others, u suck!"
i only love those who love me back 
what the hell am i going to do this weekend?! ugh!
"what if you went right up to your crush and said, \i have a crush on you \"" what would he she say or do?"""
i love how people come on facebook simultaneously!
how did the teen arts thing go today? this is for the artistic and talented 
i  love  people who  love  talking to me like an actual human being!
i wish i could play my instrument better  i suck! and whats worse is that my stand partner makes me look even lamer! i mean what the fuck!
"when you were 13, did you start swearing and talking back like there was no tmrw? because my brother is turning into mr  attitude and it is really pissing me off!"
how come these pages with funny and interesting pictures have you do all these ridiculous things and then the site wants you to do another stupid thing?! it pisses me off! just show me the picture!
"i wish he would look over, and yeeettt maybe not"
's friends are seriously fucking lazy and won't do shit!
"right now, i am eating a scrumdiddlyumptious bar from <propmale> wonka! it is awesome!"
"is tired, in pain, mad at the devils sucking, and yet       content with her life "
"\everybody! yeahhhh! rock your body! yeahh! everybody!\"""""
today is my brother's birthday! he's 13 and only 69 pounds! wtf?!!
fuck facebook chat! i can't even talk to someone and switch from different pages!! it's ridiculous trying to talk to someone!
i am the eggman!! woo! they are the eggman!! woo! i am the walrus!! kukukachu!!
"fml!! does every guy i like have a gf?! is it too much to ask for a hot, single guy who is decent?!"
homework sucks! teachers suck! school sucks!
my history teacher is a butt! instead of making model u n  a big deal he has given us a fucking research project that is due on fucking tuesday!! really hate him right now!!
what if i told the guys i like that i liked them? would you call me crazy? what if i acted like you wanted me to? would you talk to me? what if i changed how i looked? would you look at me? or do you like me for who i am and not for what im not?
"i think i'm going to tell some people what i really think of them, what's ur opinion?"
"ok, i'm trying to find someone, and i'm not sure if he's on facebook or not but does anyone remember <propfirst> michaelson? i went out with him in the 6th grade and then he moved to north <propfemale> during the summer of that year! help me!!"
"poke me if u have had a crush on me, like this status if you think i'm cute,or inbox me if you ever wanted to have a relationship, now let's see who is brave enough to copy & paste this on there status"
i love how we are on facebook instead of being with our fathers on father's day! i guess no one cares 
"\let the good times roll \"""""
"my brother \do you want to do something?\""\",060d5173f7febc097fcb554ab709e855,"ok, i'm confused! the \jersey shore\"" is in miami! and these dumbasses aren't even from new jersey? what's the point of this show then? it's not real people from nj and they are not even in nj anymore!!"""
i ssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo don't want to start my bio ap hw tmrw!! but i have to otherwise i'm screwed!!
"\like\"" if you love when we go back to school that the nice girls turn into sluts and bitches  the nice guys turn into assholes and just a small percentage of people actually stay the same """
"i have been told by most everybody who has come in contact with me that i complain a lot  well, i know i complain a lot and i probably always complain my whole life  so if you can't get used to it then don't talk to me!! how hard is that??"
"last night i saw a deer family!! there was the male with antlers, the female, and two <propfemale>!! they were sooo cute!!  laugh "
"i am leaving for vacation on saturday!! i'll be gone for a whole week!!! good-bye <propfirst>!! hello, jersey shore!!!"
going to the jersey shore tomorrow!! can't wait!!
"omg!!! that movie \vampires suck\"" looks so f***in funny that i would see it over and over again!! i'm as much of a twilight fan as the next person but this would make any fan laugh!!"""
"1  gym driver <propmale> - hardin\2  chinese 3- mcgurrin\3  orchestra- krott\4  ajg trig hn- trovillion\5  bio ap- foco\6  lunch- lunch\7  us hist  1 cp- cooper\8  english 10 hn - bray"
"how do we know what marking period we have drivers <propmale> and when we dont have it?!? no rooms, no nothing!! man our school is fucked up!!"
"how come no one has nicer attitudes?? some people just need to get over themselves   they need to slap themselves into reality!! not tv reality, life reality!!"
how do i get rid of back pain that pain-killers wont cure??
now i am sitting in a dress!! i  love  this dress so much!!! ever feel like that about an article of clothing??
"school sucks, brain cells dead, hate people, and am not enjoying being alone in a house "
going to the giants vs  bears game tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go giants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"omg!! today i saw <propmale> the frog, buzz lightyear, and <propmale> kochman fall on the floor!!! it was awesome!!!"
tmrw will be really interesting! i think a senior should dress as m j  because that was his <propfemale>!!
"i want to sing \all you need is love\"" in the variety show and need some instrumental background annoyed ",060d5173f7febc097fcb554ab709e855,"i want to sing \all you need is love\"" in the variety show and need some instrumental background annoyed ",060d5173f7febc097fcb554ab709e855,what is everyone dressing up as tonight? i'm gonna be a viking!
i hate people who think they are all that and a bag of chips when they are more ugly bitches and a bag of shit!!!
wtf?!? how come the cute guy i like is always on the same time as me but i can't talk to him cuz he's already has a gf?!? thats the universe shitting on me!!!
gotta love the giants sucking balls right now!!!! dx
the minds of sophomores!!!
"for english, we have to do an \e playful eriment\"" and change our lifestyles for either a day or week  my e playful eriment is being nice all next week and no one believes i can do it!!!"""
who's gonna win a <propmale> to go to the superbowl on sunday? i say its gonna be the jets and packers! the bears are good but the packers are better!!
yay! we can finally do our schedules!!!
thanx to all the people who wished a happy bday!! and thank you to all the ones i missed!! you guys rock!! see you monday!!
happy april fool's day everybody!!! any good pranks? 4th period english 10 honors class!! may i say worse joke ever!!!!!
