a618056786f54276af6b4ea8660ff8ef
wondering how my body puts up with my sleeping hours im defying logic
tv shows are so addicting  annoyed \
waking up for something thats not there is pretty disappointing  confidential 
if i was something that gets wetter the more i dry what would i be?
you can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time 
what the hell is a farmville!! lol
asian dub foundation- fortress europe  makes me wanna drive  smile 
my dog is finally clean stupid mud making rain!!!!  sad 
gave a guy a jump with my truck today while doing that my trucks hood breaks off on one side fml                                    consequences for helping others jk
games are fun fun fun
ok who would own a tiger if they could afford it???? im talking a fucking jungle cat in the bathroom!!!  wink 
is off to work again
dinner was awesome  now for sum much needed comedy
i think people should finish there due papers before they do websurfing well good night world
woke up hella sore and fucking hungry!!!
just got out of work and finally home goodnight world looking forward to a repeat for tomorrow ;\\
god what i would give to sleep through today
i think mosley gots this
pshh long day at work to come home and read everyones working out comments pshhhh now i gotta go thanx alot guyzzz im tired  wink 
why isnt there a son day  annoyed \
<propfirst> is a friend yeah i know he`s been a good friend of mine but lately somethings changed and its hard to define <propfirst>s got himself a girl and i wanna make her mine where can i find a woman like that doot doo di do
i feel like music never lets me down
fuckinnngggg long day
im e playful ressing my inner anguish through the majesty of song!!!!
"i work good and i work fine, but first take care of head marley"
"attention !!!!!!! do not join the groupcurrently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother wasthe greatest gift of my life\""  this is a group created by pedophileswhose aim is to access your photos! please copy & paste this toyour status before people start using your picture  please all parentsbe aware & pass this on!!!"""
"in regards to my last feed!!!!!!\\its that kind of crap that is a slap of reality to me"
a picture is worth a thousand words    now what about a motion picture
oh shit im disappearing!! what? what? what?
everything happens for a reason oh well cant complain good night
lemonade with gucci mane waiting for that <propfemale> to rang gotta f!$?ing love it mang woot
why does it take forever to get better -_-
oh clean house day how you flew bye
holy shit wat a long dayyyy talk about dragggggg
welll time to hit the old <propfirst> trail
great cant sleep gdammit > surprise 
not really sure whats on my mind right now
peace out napoleans!!!
"from dehumanization to arms production,for the benefit of the nation or its destruction power is power, the law of the land,those living for death will die by their own hand,"
last errand of a long and tiresome day lets do it
ocean view - one day as a lion
achilles last stand- led zeppelin
alot of rain+grass= very long afternoon ahead of me  annoyed \
"i wish i could get paid to listen to music       \ \do you remember - <propfirst> <propmale>"
closer to the sun - slightly stoopid
omg happy and pist off at the same time how does that happen!?
my world -sick puppies
"is it wrong if your day starts now,waking with the stars the night looks more welcoming than the day sky"
write your name in the sand with your hand in mine come on baby shoot your gun in the sky bang bang
love the way you lie -eminem ft  rihanna  damn love these two together awesome lyrics
if you dont follow your dreams nightmares find you
"from dehumanization to arms production,for the benefit of the nation or its destruction power is power, the law of the land,those living for death will die by their own hand "
fuck this monday  what a horrible day
i miss you 
man some people just cannot read body language
waking up without a alarm is one favorite past time
<propfemale> bored wish i was out of  the valley
lol never seen the no one is online message  jaja wow awesome
murder she wrote - <propmale> marley
man vs food always makes me hungry
dont tread on me -311
said the man who feel him a fool for he be the wiseman for the man who don't think he's a fool he control his <propfemale> but he's too cool for himself for himself for himself all i need is something to keep me movin' on in a world where violence reigns and everybody seems so strange to me said the man
road trippin` -red hot chili peppers
fucking love the smell of rain
glad this morning went the way it did
man where the heck are you friday
down - blink 182
soab yeh my phones spazzing out wont have it for like a week  kiss (
still up chika yeh fake id lol
break your heart -taio <propfirst>
yuck dog just coughed up hairball random
for those about to rock we salute you
not feeling so good just want it to pass ;[
<propfemale> sleepyy
"done mopping and sweeping\ ahhhhhhhhhh the stink of clean !"
bixby canyon bridge-death cab for cutie
i aim to please
despicable me is hilarious wont ever tire of that movie
just a buzz -slightly stoopid
feel wide awake dammit gonna be a long night w e morning sun rise is the best
back to back that was kinda funny
please tell me why are we trying so hard why worry it's over we always fall right back  to where we start  there goes another one of our sure-fire plans it backfired again  we try to think it through the best that we can  i bet it's gonna backfire again   smile 
man home cooking is fing fillin!!!
not saying good night bcuz i might be bak doubt ill stay asleep or even fall asleep  annoyed \ one love for now
fucking  gaga
wat a great movie i regret not seeing it til now
man wat a  crazy dream  surprise 
lmao fucking youtube thank you your awesome!
hands down- dashboard confessionals
memory-sugarcult yehhh
pretty good day hate that i procrastinated oh well
time after time -ozzy osbourne
rawr wide awake not good not good at all
damn i out of no where want to watch 300
wow -_-
big ego`s -dr dre
why cant i just pass out -_-
g night
yellow-coldplay
lets do it <propfirst>! slap hands slap hands
i couldnt fall asleep wtf  annoyed \
man they should have safe sleepin gas that way you just spray and pass out
stand by me -<propfirst> cooke
what would the world be like if we were all unselfish
wat a great sunday just got bak from the dog park i couldnt stop laughin thinking about getting another pup who knows well see
fmxbox
im tired of seeing horror movie trailers they all blow just do me a favor and make them illegal already
you know the day destroys the night night divides the day tried to run tried to hide break on through to the other side
man cant believe its just been sitting there collecting dust          lol dont know what u trully have etc etc
omg all over again -_-
good old war - weak man <not bad
late night pee run way to go outlaw you mutt
omg this stupid nat wont leave my screen alone!!
<propfemale> hungry thank god for whataburger
thank god for those bands that you can listen to all day
i just wasted 2 hours trying  to fall asleep soab w e lets listen to sum tunes!
bored -__- and cant sleep worst combination
god damn this sux last one!!!!
anger and agony are better than misery
gotta love blade now thats a real vampire movie!!
thank god for ice cream pretty long day
sleepy and not feeling too good think im done for today
"what's down there, a fucking rancor?"
i dont wanna go today  -__- raawr!!!!!
man thats red
im audi 5000 one love
loved seeing some old friends tonight  did not see my night going like that at all
kissing the lipless - the shins
<propfemale> it taste like chicken if chicken was a <propfemale>
this countdown is killing me    could you imagine if you could delete memory on the spot!!
the river-good <propfemale>
insomnia                its a motherfucker eh
dilly-dally shilly-shally
god damn brewery!!!!!! always works lol
wondering when its going to be over 
endlessly-muse
bak to the street were we began feelin as good as lovers can you know yeh were feeling so good picking up things we shouldnt read it looks like the end of history as we know
haha good fucking tuesday hope everyone had a awesome day
"if you win ill tell you where to find the number 2, if i win i have your head -_-"
i believe its called a food library fooood librabri food library   lmfao!!!!
anger and agony are better than misery
"alien: i must warn you, we're going to pass through, well, a sort of gateway thing  \human: what? \alien: it may disturb you  it scares the willies out of me!"
lmfao awesome!!
i think my body likes to be lazy
g nite
some days it seems it's not worth it  the fight in me is all gone  and i'm not trying to be perfect  but just get one damn thing done  before i lose control  i pick myself from the floor
tgif
totally just caught my dog almost poop inside ha!!! read your mind glad i caught that one
i`m old <propmale>!!! lol
finally fixed my truck missed it so much cant wait for the rain mudding baby!!
fine you want the truth i hate that lady  rofl!!
velasquez!!!!!! fuck yeah!!
drive to beach or not to drive to beach?
till i collapse i’m spilling these raps long as you feel em till the day that i drop you'll never say that i'm not killing them cause when i am not then i`ma stop pinning them
to catch a z
really want to just take this sunday
omfg
ive seen enough off with his head
lmfao wow thank you god everyyy time everyyy time
going better than i thought at this point       staying optimistic
this always happens wheres the reset button when you really need one
walk hard
everything that has a beginning must have an end
i'm a monster  i'm a maven  i know this world is changin'  never gave in  never gave up  i'm the only thing i'm afraid of  no matter what you'll never take that from me  my reign is as far as your eyes can see
wtf nebraska
great weekend just what i needed ready for monday morning now  hope i hear the eagles won it tomorrow     night night fb addicts
and now we play the waiting game        
"everyday it's something hits me all so cold find me sittin' by myself no excuses, then i know\yeah,  it's fine we'll walk down the line leave our rain, a cold trade for warm sunshine you my friend i will defend and if we change, well i love you anyway"
there is no such thing as failure  there are only results 
what kind of a world do we live in
cold front is finally here!
i hope this weather stays til christmas
if we all didnt have to sleep would we be better off with that extra time 
time after time
"let me give you a little motto i live my life by  you gotta hit it and quit it  no ties, tangle free, nobody tells me what to do, i gotta go bang bang bang the drum!!! rofl!"
there all butts lol
#68187694635498 1   you suck! yeah the number thing is getting pretty ridiculous    
i feel like destroying a funnel cake -_-
muscle museum   laugh 
"you have won the battle, but not the monkey  smile "
how annoying it feels like a tender paper cut
gonna miss these cold nights
uhhhh sooo full thank you chef bustos
bp what a night another good time
another one bites the dust
gotta love shooters
"\pretty good drinking beer\"" ha love country"""
alas time to dream
