95beac59a300fb07b686d0337b135ef4
mmm <propfemale> coke
im here
"o, i am out of breath in this fond <propmale>! the more my prayer the lesser is my grace  happy is hermia,whereso'er she lies, for sge hath blessed and attractive eyes  how came her eyes so bright? not with salt if so my eyes are oftener wash'd than hers  no, no i am as ugky as a bear; what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia's spheryene?"
"who will not change a <propfemale> for a dove? the will of man is by his reason sway'd; and reason says you are the worthier maid  things growing are not ripe until their season; so i being young, till now ripe not to reason; and touchin now of human skill,reason becomes the marshal to my will, and leads me to your eyes"
what a dream was here!   i'll still be here 
"my love is strenghten'd though more weak in seeming: i love not less the show appear; that love is merchandiz'd whose <propmale> esteeming  the owners tongue doth publish everywhere  our love was new, and then but in the spring when i was wont to greet it with my lays; as philomel in summers front doth sing, and stops her pipe in growth of riper days;"
"when i consider everything that grows holds in perfection but a little moment, that this huge state presenteth nought but shows whereon the stars in secret influence comment: when i perceive that men as plants increase, cheered and check'd even by the self-same sky; vaunt in their youthful sap,at height decrease, and war their brave state out of memory;"
is confused   meanwhile  doing laundry and enjoying his day off 
going to do something productive    l8r 
"  thinking about the word \now\"""""
"ye are the light of the world  a city,that is set on an hill cannot be hid  neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel,but on a candlestick and it giveth light unto all that are in the house  let your light so shine before men,that they may s"
paranoid by anything that smells like bacon! ahh i so gared!
uber happy about books thanks mom and dad love ya!
wants to fly 
in idaho chillin with the fam for weekend   love ya all!  * i am ninja material!   -even if i have to duck through things and takes extra second to squezz in small places  playful 
oo oo ah ah mwhaha fireworks!
"yellowcard  look at the stars,fireworks look how they shine for you  stuck in my head "
had wonderful time in idaho 
"well, i'm a runnin' down the road, tryin' to loosen my load, got a world of trouble on my mind  lookin' for a lover who won't blow my cover, she's so hard to find  take it easy, take it easy, don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy  come on"
so give me reason to prove me wrong to wash this memory clean let the floods cross the distance in your eyes give me reason to fill this hole connect this space between let it be enough to reach the truth that lies across this new divide
"i wont let you down,  if i'm not around and you will be free,  and i will be myself i wont fill your eyes with tears,  if i lose all my fears but who would i be?  and would you recognize me? tell me who would you see?  when you say    that i would be ours"
smiling  laugh 
like ive never seen the sky before 
frustrated that nobody tells me anything  geez
like ive never seen the sky before 
breathing
call me if going to need want to talk to me 
"she said yes! i said wow, she said when i said howabout right now  love cant wait   lala laa  laugh "
"i can’t make the sun keep smiling, or blow away the clouds,  there’s some things in this old world girl, i can’t do nothing bout, but i can love you, like i’ve always done,  and when the hard times come a knocking, <propfemale> you won’t ever see me ru"
proving myself  here i go  laugh 
happy 
       
rain is to be danced in  *kneels down*  *extends hand*
"i believe in a brown eyed girl, that could change the world and me, don't it make it seem like suddenly, everything is so surreal like the color in her eyes, takes me far away, she came suddenly"
"she never lets me fall too far behind, i won't walk ahead of her i won't, two notes of a chord side by side, two steps down a path between the vine  i feel the magic of a girl who who'll bring the best of me out through, i think i'd rather be close to you"
drying those brown eyes  this is the way i need to wake i wake to you  open my eyes i see skys 
              
whistling 
<propfirst>?!?!
singing
possibly down 
rain
siliently screaming
friday- its going to be a blast- come!
happy  laugh 
"\a face without freckles is a sky without stars\"" \"" all he could think of was her freckles as his world went dark \""  -my moms book  \""three <propfemale> treasure\"""""
"\the obstacles in front of us are never greater than the power behind us  god will help us bear whatever we must\""- doc  three <propfemale> treasure\"" -<propfemale> cheever"""
holding on
shadow heart
looking at the stars
we will fight till the angel sings a song
when i look at the stars i feel like myself
is possibly addicted to music
average  playful  ahahaha  playful  haaaaaaaa
live a life less ordinary
im being sustained as an elder today!  laugh 
singing  mom made goooooooooooood <propfemale> bread    yummmmmmmmmm
ordination today! has a headache 
is a elder  smile 
mmmmusic 
i lied 
addicted to music  again
is in idaho
thinking
sky
"salt, smallville, rice, dark, rain   "
sittin here
the world 
the question is   what do we write next?
do not donate newborn kittys and dead cats at the d i !!!!
"loves his family, friends and hawaian punch!"
in the water clinging onto the ledge searching his soul for last bit of hope of strength to reach trusting feeling where to hold on each second of the climb 
climbing
not feeling good 
 smile 
i know what ryhmes with woman
*typing*
mmmm bacon cheeseburger donut
liked uchdorfs talk in priesthood 
conference!  laugh 
i guess i should stop chewing my pen    taste like ink
striving to be my name manly <propmale> bright  son of heavenly father
yellow!
 sad  blue      no yellllowwwwwwwwwwwwwww  laugh 
tacos
yawning
loves his family
cant get on his profile <propfemale>  has pink  freckles that the layer of skin i scrubbed off missed  but being home and seeing my awesome family and ooo bread pudding yumm   makes me happy nothing can get me down   playful  ok  (i strive so atleast) stay awesome 
haha got high at the d i  e playful loding spray paint  smile 
hurts 
is good
summer 
revenge to the piggy flu  even tho i dont have it(i think) eat bacon!!!!  playful 
allah darnit!
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep  smile  yay
ask me in two years and a couple o months 
realheroposters com -awesome
back to floating  *float* *float*
had a beer and sheppards pie at a <propfemale> pub -yummmm  smile 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
ya     about that    
<propfirst> is right that nicks right about <propmale> having the greatest friends!!!
yaa   about that   
when you put your lips like that your going to get punched
sometimes hates fb
is in love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hates mustard juice! laughs when the hot dog squeels in the <propfirst>! is twitching from unpatientness  happy he went to church today   currently rocking out to some muzic!!!!!!
"twitching from impatience,mm jam in toast  thinking about the stars  will have another go-heres to the next 3  likes talking and questions night  scared of seatbelts,pillows and such-tho i shouldnt  i cant hide from them forever fighting on thin ice  daydreaming and heartaching  am fighting  deciding     sailing away from this lonely dock its time to have a destination and sunset "
wondering
is sad for a few reasons  i usually hide it and act happy  but i need to tell that i am sad 
likes the name aria arya (air-ree-uh) for a girl 
haha whhhat?
kiakaha
when the road gets crazy and tries to break me and i've had all i can stand i can close my eyes no matter where i am and just be stillthere's a place i need to go where stained glass windows glow every part of me is known thank god i can go there thank god i can go there still
his first melchezedek priesthood blessing!- i anointed! it was sooo awesome!
 smile lee           
"yeah… gotta start looking at the hand of the time we’ve been given here this is all we got and we gotta start thinkin’ it every second counts on a clock that’s tickin gotta live like we’re dying we only got 86 400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or throw it all away we gotta tell ‘em that we love ‘em while we got the <propmale> to say, gotta live like we’re dying"
"there's a place where i go to take the edge of the day, when the radios up your  face fades away, flicker flicker dim and fade to black  with a back pack packed, and a <propfirst> on the map  gonna drive too fast, gonna not  look back, light the night with a blow torch and a match  got no time reason or rime, not gonna stop, gonna ride all night"
shrek  laugh  wanting to see yesman  since im on movies   went to new <propfemale> with the family it was     iight   great time with fam  lets just say i have a vampire to kill      or maybe a werewolf   
happy!!!!!!!!
whoo hoo
"tired of old woman hitting on me im going to take kung fu and kick your     my parents are the best  \i hope they call me on a mission\"" i guess i can tell people why i waited is to grow a foot or two so i can be taller than my bros  sadly that still did not work  ooo music  singing playing being me  really wants these months to go fast  proving the world wrongo  its freezo!!!! well then    later -<propfirst>"""
does not like the cold  wants to go snowboarding  my answer is warm  ufc fights ohhh ya!  feels loved  thanks  *high five* does not like late nights  carbon leaf!!!!! * ooo capeoria  pick me pick me pick me! pick meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"tired, text me ay? really wants to go snowboarding "
why do i always get sick the day before hometeaching?!? ha 
happy night facebook and all@!
happy night!
mm blue dew i wanna be like youhoohoo
 smile ly
the only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them  evil prevails when good men fail to act 
is very happy  is very lucky  is very excited 
is the luckiest and happiest!
"breathe in the night let it know just who you are connecting <propfemale> to <propfemale> i'm glad to see you're taking flight i'll spot the brightest one so breathe, breathe, breathe in the night your journey's just begun you're a lullaby for the texas sky tonight your heroes and <propfemale>s are bright so hey lone <propfemale> there you are shining bright in the dark don't wait for your heroes and <propfemale>s to save your day"
<propfemale> christmas! love you all!
 smile  so i was thinkin        
mmm? hmmmmm!? mmm    smile     mmmhmmm!  laugh 
"there's so much time, to figure out the rest of my lifeand you've already got me coming undone"
mmm? hmmmmm!? mmm    smile     mmmhmmm!  laugh 
"unfortunately, 97% of facebook users won't repost this  when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the 3% who will stand up for him, just repost this  i'm one of the 3% <propfemale> christmas!!!!"
35 days! till a big day that is supporting a bigger day! woooooooohooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well best be gettin to bed    9 o clock hour past your bed time   
best be playin  laugh  and bein with my woman!
mmmhm
bueno noches
"just chill  daybyday  music! in your face  sorry but yaa    112 cars by myself  woo were following the leader(i was leader today  laugh )  - ha my end parenthisis made it into a me smilee with meee nosee  playful  you really need to watch alladin, saturdays warrior and walktoremember  woo 33ish days! woo 2 yrs and ishamount of days  woo you!   woo just to woo! woo me going to bed woo!"
(gone to my quiet place)
happy new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"bishop has advised me to stretch out my hands and words for finnacial aid for my mission witch i will be submitting my papers february 1st(ish) if anyone can contribute anything it will be greatly appreciated! any if its $5,$10,$15,$ anything you will be helping greatly! i will and can work serve for $ aswell! thank you and with love -<propfirst> <propfirst> cheever"
thank you so very much whoever you are for the money!!!!  laugh  god bless you!
"bishop has advised me to stretch out my hands and words for finnacial aid for my mission witch i will be submitting my papers february 1st(ish) if anyone can contribute anything it will be greatly appreciated! any if its $5,$10,$15,$ anything you will be helping greatly! i will and can work serve for $ aswell! thank you and with love -<propfirst> <propfirst> cheever"
heeey heeeey heeeeey  smile 
love days off  smile 
my phone is charging upstairs and i need to talk to them  people get on fb!!!
ah i need to break myself away from fb so i can do something productive  and get my phone  good day fb and all
"stand off   *glare* eye to eye    sizing up eyes saying \i will kill you\"" <propfemale> glaring  giant steps close fighting distance inches away ready to crush  anne says \""wait  where did you go!?\"" then we bust out laughing   laugh """
"\there's a hope there's a light and i see it in your eyes and i hope you can see it in mine (there's a secret held inside) there's a <propmale> and a time that the sky could fall tonight and i will be here at your side\"""""
"it was bigfoots cat! ;p!  cheese makes all veggies yummier! mm ants on a log craving satisfied \stars are never out of reach for you just dream hold out your hand and touch the sky just dream tonight\"" something about blacking out from a choke makes you appreciate air and water more  jello punching gloves-best! good job on that one! smile!  laugh """
jello
is sore from handstands and faceplanting lol   fun wannabe breakdancing at the union station!
mmm zingers   eww twinkies  twinkie alternative-to be shoved up your nosee cuz its sickee 
i guess i look like <propmale> <propfirst> dyke  what do you think? change your profile pic to an famous musicain artist actor actress that you have been told or think you look like act like  this week!!!!
bien <propfemale> y bueno noches! yo  love  est esta estae madre! padre! harmana! hermano! <propfemale>! tio! abuelo! abuela! nephews! niece! amigos! i think im going to stay away from falling asleep to a spanish game 
 smile 
wow facebook  creepishly  knows alot  
not crazy  just a little unwell ;p
hello shiny sharp needle!  laugh     sad  owww     ooo shiny medal keychain!-yay! oo shiny key  need to wear my shiny sharp pointy kaniffee! shiny caffeti!  shiny!!!!!!! shiny!! shiny!!!!!!
"how can i help it if i think you're funny when you're mad trying hard not to smile though i feel bad i'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral can't understand what i mean? well, you soon will i have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve i have a history of taking off my shirt"
let the walls break down
"success builds character, failure reveals it "
"nothing is predestined: the obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings             \the end is where i begin\""-the script"""
happiness is the best face lift  -lol
music  handstands  food  love you family and friends  life 
my stomache hurts  i think there is brain juice  would my life be a 10 piece puzzle or a 1000 piece? wait who stole a piece!? why is this one not fitting anywhere!! whoa   what is that connecting creation!?  im puzzled  sad  ha 
come on superbowl commercials! woo!
had more fun with an marijo!!!  ;p looking forward to brand new days filled with breathtaking smile!
allah!!!!!!!!!!! fetchin!!!!!!! grrr!!!!    hmm   breath   go to my crazy place   
a missionary slapped me in my face  my instructers wife slapped me in the face(lol fun times)   and  my monkey slapped me in the face! what the heck? lol
happy valintines day!  laugh 
sometimes what you want isnt what you need and def not what you always get 
"quite litteraly  insides hurt  music is my friend  excited for family to come over-i'll get my favorate workout  tossin my nephew  step 1 -achieved, now step 2  working on it   monkeys on thin ice  needs mcees night  misses my wallets name  when called will go "
word
has the best parents ever! currently fascinated about shiny pennies nickels and dimes  penguin  music  laugh  im hitting the hard stuff:blue dew  ya  its been missed  d i  makes me chuckle 
hapeeed from carbon leaf and family  smile 
"the more you live, the less you will die "
fight or die
iron man in may!!! -ooo! and toystory in june!!! schweet!!!!!!!
misses summer!!!!!!
wow   texting   f b  chatting and talking to my parents! too much at once!
*refreshed awwwwww* music  fruit  thoughts of summer  cleanness  brand new day! water! handstands! family! scriptures! 11 more weeks! playing! working! hugging! and sticking my tongue at you!  wink 
mmm coke 
sippin on a coke  gazing at summer stars  dreaming away   
wants someone to talk to  thirsty  tired  needs some good music  doesnt want to talk  wants to fight  not going to get what he wants  doesnt know  throwing gummybears at the wall 
needs gummybears to throw at people 
love loss hope repeat  i saw you saw me! i miss my ex but my aim is improving  life!!!-yay!   i just tasted blue dew when i said life  whoa just a little more  one more round  one more day  i love you family and friends 
what about                 ?
mmmmmmmmmmmmm supersize my coke   jk  ish           supersize my kick a ninja skillz ;p
is happy!  loves his amazing parents! is breathing! holding on! see!! look! im doing a handstand!
its saturday!
always loves weird dreams
ti  me 
adventure  laugh 
"86400 seconds,family! adventure! wooooooooooo!"
flying!
it didnt come quickly but with <propfemale> it came
christmasss   christmas  christmass timmmeee laaaaaa laaaaaa laaaaaa 
toy story makes me happy 
"does not understand but loves the masochist gym  doesnt like people  loves some people  hm love,happy,eyes,time,day,woo,away,shiny,night,family,music,sky,stars  i said it all according to fb  i love happy eyes it makes the time fly away and the day full of music  in my night sky the stars are my family! woo shiny!"
i love happy eyes it makes the time fly away and the day full of music  in my night sky the stars are my family! woo shiny!
war its the moment of truth and the moment to lie the moment to live and the moment to die the moment to fight fight fight to the right to the left we will fight to the death  to the edge of the earth it's a brave new world from the last to the first!
pause is the kill  happy eyes  smile ! sore  smiles at the thought of kicking a door to pieces  your looking through stained glass i cleaned my fingerprints on myside  summer  wink  haha climbing a tree and falling out awaiting streched out arms that are now above  wait a minute? what happened  lol  darn branch  80ish days! woo! love you fam and friends
smile!  laugh 
earthquake! woo!
job interview today!
woooooooooooooooo
"\want to be a creepy stalker but not appear as one?   well    facebook!\"""""
crushed oreos  choc pudding  gummy worms 
had a great weekend with family and friends! smile ! i got the job! woooo!!!
needs a poke all button  or somehow overlook it and control the urge to poke people 
mmmm yummy 
lets do something crazy  laugh 
chillin with the fam  smile 
take a step now get up on your feet gotta be brave no clouds above thee follow your heart and then you’ll see there’s always a way hold on tight tomorrow will bring every key to every locked dream it ain’t hard as it seems
take off your shoes!  why?  its disrespectfull!- you werent born with shoes were ya! running around shoeless  laugh 
loves toothless grizzlys!
sore throught  cardboard cut between my fingers  sore bod  kung fu chaos and crimson skies withdrawals   going without soda and swoooerds  wants a nerf sword  excited for work  tired eyes   blah    good day! i said good day!
brand new day
<propfemale> cobler! yum!  smile     love you family and friends
wooo    work today!
blue skys
just finished gathering blue now onto messenger!
is helloing you! and wants to jello you   ooo   i really really really want to jello someone now!
grr annnd yay but mostly grr!
my day early friend?
my belly button is better! gummy bears be afraid! i know right now im here but its where i want to be so i can be there  i love you family and friends 
hug your monkee! if not you will have gummy bears thrown at you or tackled! either or its a win-win situation for me 
happy mom day!
monday    brings friday   and friday   im in love with friday 
"as my wise awesome dad put it   im going to go to work, where most of my time i just look for beer  laugh !  haha          *looking for beer* brb to my happy place hopefully soon!"
yay back to my happy place! i love you mom and dad! ooo oatmeal cookies!     rain rain go away today i just want to play!
bazinga!!!
is happily happy 
alot 
"an ancient creature said to dazzle any woman who looks into his green\eyes  extremly attractive, egotistical, and friendly  but dont be\fooled when this ancient creature holds you in his arms, you will never\be able to fall out of love with him  beware "
* wall!*
yay <propfemale> today!!!!!!!!!!
so i was  am feelin blue so i started singing  laaaa laaaaa laaaaaaa
"\what holds your attention holds you\"""""
mmm danish puff
cantchya see what your love has made of me? i love you im sorry im working on it  all i do is in the shadow of you  i want to stand tall and be worthy of that shadow and create my own       thank you for all your <propfemale> and love     dont give up on me  thank you for all you do  it really helps and i mean everything!  i love you 
woooooo black ninja pants from awesome sifu -thank you  smile 
heads we will! tails we'll try again!  laugh 
im not excited for kung fu! cuz everytime i am apparently i have a bad night! -so im not excited but secretly  ninjaee i am uber fetchin excited!
it was great  now im going to eat bloody meat  i hope i dont die  love ya
i have to learn how to do multiple things at once in many different situations     its going to be very frustrating 
squeekee noises bug me
hmm what to do with the left over danish puff frosting       hmmm mix it with granola cereal and cranberrys!- yum!
group then work then bed  smile 
listening to the beat inside
"babada babada \babadadaba\babada babada\babadababa! my head hurts "
woo! my inter was viewed!
through the thunder and lightening!
i need a furry wall
thanks for -->  laugh 
rainy summer         cant we just say its april?
 laugh -ing
stretching ankles helps doing crazy things
loves his family!
excited            i need to get buff!
rushed it   sad   next time ace it!  smile 
yay!
i love you! *hug*
i left and found my heart  you all have it  laugh  today drove to texas with <propmale> <propfemale> fam just got here  i have an amazing family that blesses me and amazing friends that make me smile! this is for the better! love you all keep in touch and in the loop! happy dreams  smile 
haha well it was an heck of an amazing birthday! thank you for all the posts and your love i miss and love you! i spent the day with my niece nephew <propmale> and <propfemale> and all you in heart! haha and i was embarressed at chilis!!! haha <propfemale> asked them to sing happy bday to  me    im sure <propfemale> can say how i looked   
happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
jumped on the hot trampoline leaving my glasses on the outside table   put them on and hott!!!! haha gotta be careful what i leave in the sun   i was prayin that my flip flops wouldnt melt to my feet!
i got a job  smile  and also i might have another better job option 
texas lightening and thunder is awesome! and what!? its raining! i thought i was going to be burned lol its nice and cool 
3 stitches in hand  inneed of better job  miss and love you all 
 laugh 
hero band was fun! love and yall!
you make me  laugh  thank you!  laugh  love and miss yall!
work  litterally is sweet and gets me sugar coated  note to self dont put hand in hottt sugar!  hmm life   happy  need sleep sleep  love yall!
insanity
"your <propfirst> system is currently on standby for modifications and updates  we thank you for patiently waiting  do not be alarmed of random twitching and punches, gnashing teeth,grinning,crying,laughing and singing  21 % complete remaining time:forever  warning: symptoms may include pain of smile muscles white hairs  urges to smack, hugs  pokes  and a feeling to sing along-please feel free to do so "
happy 4th of july!
happy day
read my mind
if your happy and you know it clap your hands! *clap-clap*
"if you like this status, i'll write on your wall and tell you exactly what i think of you smile  and i'll be completely honest smile  but if you don't like what i write, deal with it  you asked for it smile  put this as you're status if you're brave"
ohhhh yeah  laugh   *hug*
wants to watch sesame street in spanish  excited not to be covered in sugar and have sundays to rest and beed churchin  i miss and love you all! btw i have a licence to thrill   have a happy one  laugh 
"just working  learning  growing  singing   not worrying my life away  saving   thinking  breathing  missing  loving  eating  laugh  inneed of excercising  sleeeeeeping  smiling helloing, cyaing "
so i learned how to duck   now i just need to duck faster! (been smacking my head on bars  sad  )  work is challenging and good!  very excited and happy for life!   smile!  laugh 
at work we are painting nonstop  ha and if you know me you know how i feel about that  paint is everywhere on me and i had a huge headache from fumes  tho tonight was happy  went and socialized  went to a dance and village inn!  it was nice   gotta waking up in 3 hours   bye bye miss american pie drove my chevy to the <propmale>  *hug* love and miss you all! text message call me!
mmmmmm   mouthwash
hmm facebook has added that you can like comments that others make wait till we can like other peoples likes!
need minty taste in mouth 
halfway there to the weekend!  laugh   brand new day   mm ice cream 
work:as im sweating and doing things less than 13 seconds they said i am going to have to be faster! atleast i have a licence to run with scissors now! happy: september dont hesitate to come! you!  laugh  grinning! yay!  hmm more  laugh -ing 
yay weekend!  laugh 
thoughts
"\luck is when preparation meets opportunity!\"""""
mr throught why are you cranky at me?
love yall
come on friday
almost blacked out 6 times   had hiccups from hadies! had them for a hour and everyone felt like a stab to my heart  throat  sad  nose  sad   stomach   friday must come and bring wellness  laugh  yess yess    (p s  i am drinking water nonstop no worries )
lets do this
woooooooooooooooooo its friday!  laugh  yay!  now crossing my fingers on not working on saturday-please please please!
woo
j-e-l-l-owwwwwwwwwwwwwww  laugh     does not like painting   saturday night!  laugh   love yall!  laugh 
time  laugh  yay! fun! friends! people! movie! food! deodarant! cheese! yay!
not much of a update   just in the middle of a journey   i feel like its still a beggining    but i know its going to be a happy ending    and do my best to make it a happy journey too 
been watching the <propfemale>  laugh 
"''those old navy jeans make your butt smile from cheek to cheek!\  lol!"""
 laugh 
 laugh   laugh   wink       laugh                   laugh                     laugh   laugh   laugh 
goodnight
goodmorning  laugh 
"people who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes -abigail <propfirst> buren \you cannot love a thing without wanting to fight for it  -g  k  chesterton \my address is like my shoes  it travels with me  i abide where there is a fight against wrong   -mother jones"
"he who is not impatient is not in love  -italian proverb \love has nothing to do with what you are e playful ecting to get, it's what you are e playful ected to give  -anon \where there is love there is life  -mahatma gandhi"
i dont know
smalllllllllllllvillle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 26!!!! family! friends! the journey! smells like jello   have not done a handstand in a month  sad  wow  does pull ups for downtime at work at 3 am  dew bubbles in nosee! statis needs a  laugh    hmm and such! i love you all!
dios tarda pero no olvida!!!
"\if your life had a face i woul d punch it!\"""""
cinnnnnnnnamonnnnnn rolllllllllllllllllllssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  yum yum yum!
sorry monday my heart is cheating on you with friday   i guess we have to break up and im sure it will be a very happy break up!
well monday took it well  now for a late tuesday and a rebound wednesday
awh the middle  laugh   the top part of the rollar coaster yay! wednesday!!!!! makes me feel so much better getting over with monday and tuesday  good memorys  good days!
mmm sleep
"when i do good, i feel good  when i do bad, i feel bad  and that's my religion  \ -<propmale> <propmale>"
"\friday im in love!!!\"""""
heaven: horchata and brownies  om!!!!  <propfemale> your the bomb  very yummy      haircut!!!!!!!!!!  sunday!! yay!   i lovesees yous all!
this iron <propmale> goes upside down? can i grind it? lol went out with the transformer missionarys!
jaja i love my hour long work meetings that are in spanish  
i'll hold on too  laugh    its nice and cool today   ahhhhh!   hmm  smile  happy days!
oh im a moovin groovin jammin singing gummy bear!
friday!!!!!!!! yay!    i silly word you silly face  laugh  11 !
"the world's battlefields have been in the heart chiefly; more heroism has been displayed in the household and the closet, than on the most memorable battlefields in history  \ -<propfirst> <propmale> beecher"
breathing! forward!
the lord is preparing me for something and i dont know what it is but i have to trust him and do be his will because no other will is the best or happiest nor the right way!
if you wish for peace be ready for war 
updates: upcoming sunday i am going to be called as the youngmens secretary! so excited for utah visit! i dont remember <propmale> being this long! work is going very well! likes to jog home under the big <propfemale> and stars  likes nephi for having faith courage doing the lords will when he had no idea what he was going to do!  time for a very happy week!  with love -<propfirst>
when i look at the sky i see the reason why i know
inspector <propfirst> cheever  laugh  i like the sound of that!
i have a 11 day weekend  laugh 
blue dew + cookies & cream = yummy!  laugh   going to white sands  laugh  excited for utah!
had a blast at whitesands!
his friends and family is awesome!
"\good choices don't make life easy   just easier!\""  smarter not harder!  happy!"""
world   its not going to go your way i am happy!  laugh 
uncomprehendably over e playful lodingly awesomely uber happy! thank you and i love you my toria!  laugh  love you my friends and family!
good sigh  laugh 
7 weeks-  smile  9 weeks-yay! 11 weeks!- laugh  14 weeks- mmmmhmm!
gr       ?          !
dust on the bottle! going crazy!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  i love my amazing toria! love you fam and friends  smile 
"quiting soda  growing fuzz  does glow in the dark t p  make your bum glow? should i listen to my heart? if i did more id be dancing  i dont want to disolve, i really dont  swearwords! pumpkins smell good   snowboarding! missing  sad  amazed how quickly dark fades when your light shines even from afar  i love you so much my toria "
well well well
never put your twinkies on your pizza!
lets do this  laugh 
hawaii please   monday please be kind!  i love you toria!  llllife  sad   smile   annoyed   laugh   playful   annoyed   !!!!
gives up on trying to get all the glue out of his arm hair and hands  and glasses  eyelashes   sigh  well it was fun blowing up glue cans up at the time  heart is going crazy 
mmmmmmmmmhmmm!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
has the best toria ever  laugh       yay general conference!
monday! mm loves his toria  laugh 
yawn
mwhaha
really has the best <propfemale> ever!
remember tonight   for it is the beginning of always
adventure  love  laugh  toria  laugh  crazy silliness  forward  service  impact 
"so come on and it's all on the line but i'm still gone' shine i'm not gone let it go \hey \slow it down for a minute while i capture the sky \surfing the clouds wind surfin' through a deep sea dive \the devil's tryin' to get up in my soul but i'm not gone let it go \so come on and i'm drinkin' this spiritual wine so he can't <propmale> with my flow"
boooooooooooooooooooooom!  wink 
what should i be for halloween?
looking to buy a vehicle that can get me from point a to b 
saved a boob 
im in!
call me
"when his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light i walked through darkness"
i love it when past moments are revealed as guiding and preparing stars pointing to happiness  laugh   life is just so awesome  gospel god is great my <propfemale> is truelly beautiful inside and out and rootbeer is yummy  laugh 
wow  laugh 
"\ring ring     hello  rrring rrring    hello  rrring rring ugh gosh you have a bad connection!\""  \""why does your belly button have a beard?\"""""
gets to be with my toria soon  laugh  i love you!  is sssssore! haircut-yay!
crazy  laugh 
flying  wink 
is home  i love you <propfemale>!  rain!!!!!! & woooooooooo!
chill!
soooooo dizzy!
cant put it in words
forward  laugh  i love you <propfemale>!
mmmhm! very blessed  thank you and love you family & friends and i love you my  heavenly <propfemale>!!!
"updates: i start work at fat cats next week and am very excited!  i have an awesome family and friends that i love! i love my heavenly <propfemale>! cant wait for pumpkins to be shot   looking forward to boarding!  friends,family,gym,scriptures, and my <propfemale> make me so very happy!  smiling  laugh "
happy  laugh  loves his wonderful <propfemale>! smile  laugh 
"\baby its cold outside\"""""
is happy  laugh   always good to be with <propfemale>  family  and friends  laugh 
looking forward and very happy with life  what i see in her eyes  what i feel in my heart and from spirit! <propfemale> happy going to get reccomend soon! work is a fun happy environment  family is wonderful friends are great <propfemale> is such a blessing   happy happy happy!
"is the luckiest and most blessed! i love you <propfemale>! work,learn,play,pray and love like crazy!"
in need of a few hairs to be cut  happy holidays everyone!  i love you my <propfemale>!  a spring fall december-interesting  cant wait for snowwwww!
thinking     
growing older is weird   snowwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!
happy christmas everyone! i love you <propfemale>!
happilly forward!!! i love you <propfemale>!
come what may i will be 100% in love with my <propfemale>! smiling worthy prepared and making the most of every brand new day!
brand new day  smile 
speed street was sooo much fun!!! i love you <propfemale>!
be sure you have my one and only phone number way to go idaho area code  i love you family and friends  i love you forever and all eternity my beautiful my love my <propfemale> <propfemale>!
wants to go to speedstreet  loves his girl  needs to <propfemale> out with friends  check info for my new phone number 
very happily luckily blessed by my beautiful wonderful <propfemale>! i love you sooo much!!! loves his awesome family! friends are saweet! stay awesome!
i am number 9!
why <propfemale> tirrred blah  happy! love you <propfemale> love you family and friends!
happy  laugh 
<propfemale> spoils me so much! <propfirst> radin concert was amazing!  work and life is going and im happy!
happily forward!
 smile  i love my <propfemale>
yay toria and i are going to make it throught the whole enchallada!
being at front desk is a good change  working out is great! i love victoria family and friends! brand new day! kiakaha!
