2e2bffa66cca7e5867fd2e420e5e6549
"roses are red, sometimes they're dead    i think if i got a letter like this, my eyes would've bled!"
"sha-la-la-la-la-la! don't be scared, you got the mood prepared, go on and kiss the girl  whoa, whoa! sha-la-la-la-la-la! don't stop now! don't try to hide it now, you wanna kiss the girl  whoa, whoa! sha-la-la-la-la-la! float along, and listen to the song, the song say kiss the girl  whoa, whoa! sha-la-la-la-la-la! music play, do what the music say, you gotta kiss the girl "
"you don't know cause you're too busy reading labels, you're missing all the action underneath my table, ooh~ i'm waiting for my turn, just waiting for my turn  maybe there's a devil or something like it inside~ a jealous angel, deep inside me "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
my horse is awesome   laugh ddd and    so is whyp   surprise 
"just got off work, and has a horrible head ache, oh, lawdy "
"arigatou to <propfemale> ni iwareru to nanda <propfemale> setsunai, sayounara no ato mo tokeru mahou  awaku horonigai~"
hates laptops  > annoyed 
"there is no way on earth or in heaven that jurassic park: operation <propfemale> costs $245 freaking dollars  it's an outrage, i say! outrage! > sad "
eight and a half hours of work    aaaaa
"generally like crap  sick, sick, sick   throat hurts, head pounding, naseous    and work in an hour    ugh "
is officially a biohazard  caution: strep throat    ;_;
"i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly  it's hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep, cause everything is never as it seems "
"we gotta stop looking at the hands on the time we've been given  every seconds counts on a clock that's tickin', we gotta live like we're dying  we gotta tell 'em that we love 'em while we got the <propmale> "
ugh    sleepless nights   annoyed  thank you stress and anxiety for completely trashing me 
another one of them good ol'e sleepless nights  horrah!   yup    totally    uh-huh    i'm    gonna go draw a picture now    and    be awake and stuff   sad 
"okay  so i watched twilight: new <propfemale>  (i'm so ashamed of myself ) and here's my thoughts on that movie  i hate <propfemale>  i hate <propfemale>  i hate <propfemale>  i hate <propfemale>  i hate her, i hate her, i hate her "
"why do all the awesome guys get killed in movies? kaplan gets eaten by the slimy pile of genetic goop and mikey gets mauled by zombies  it isn't fair! it isn't fair! ooh, mikey  ;_; why the aussie? of all people   "
regrets not going to the tournament to see her friends   sad  i miss you guuuuuys 
"don't ever think that it's too late  when you care about someone, there is always room for change  you're allowed to make mistakes, it's a part of every life  i don't see you any different  i will always be your friend, i know who you are inside  i am with you 'til the end "
"yesterday was the worse day of my life, and the pain won't go away    ;_;"
"i spent all evening with <propmale> and <propfirst> and <propfirst> last night   smile  it was fun and made me feel a little better  <propmale> was spoiled with love and apples and treats and more love  <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>  but i still miss <propfemale>  sad "
"call me old fashion, but i'm in to guys who don't put video games before their girlfriends "
and so the search for an lds prom date begins  !
outrageous
"i found the most beautiful dress ever, it's perfect and absolutely beautiful and it's mine! i had so much fun shopping with cam and april today! and other surprises got me this evening!  laugh  nothing can ruin today "
"we were strangers on a crazy adventure  never dreaming how our dreams would come true  now here we stand, unafraid of the future  life is a road and i wanna keep going  love is a river, i wanna keep flowing  i'll be there when the world stops turning, i'll be there when the storm is through  at the end i want to be standing at the beginning with you "
"it's you and me moving at the speed of light into eternity  tonight is the night, feel the <propfemale> and the rhythm of the music around you  it's like i waited my whole life for this one night, it's gonna be you, me, and the dance floor "
"long ago in the ancient passed, i remember a life when we first met  in a dark shadow realm under a big full <propfemale>, i could tell that you would try to break my will  but now watch as i rise to a whole new height and a mad battle cry will be heard all night "
"--when the world is engulfed in darkness, and hopeless woe  his gun will toll a dreadful dirge  and so the hound will weave the final chapter in this tale of life "
"my hands are sore from shoveling stalls all day  happy day, happy day  also    i scraped my knees while jumping on the avatar bandwagon   sad "
"<propfirst> coffman, you may win the poking battle  but you will never win the war  ilu"
my everything hurts  rad whooped my butt  not to mention my ankle is stiffer than a 2x4  d: my poor ankle 
coughing    more coughing    sore throat    more coughing   sad 
"of course not, you're a senator! you wouldn't know anything about prostitution!"
"i'd like to thank the kind gentleman that attributed to the injury of my left ankle  thanks to that previous injury which weakened my ankle, i've injured it yet again and this time it's worse  now i'm stuck on crutches for a week or more and an ankle brace for even longer  now i can't ride for at least a week, i can't go see my friends, i can't go play card games  i can't do anything  screw my life, i hate this game!"
"it's like catching lightning, the chances of finding someone like you   "
"saw the most beautiful thing  pouring down rain, outstanding streaks of lightning, loud claps of thunder    and the sun was shining brightly "
"--today   \              felt like a total waste    it was a total waste "
"while weeding the front yard  i stirred up exactly a kazillion pill bugs, rehomed two very pissed off earth worms and four salamanders, came face to face with one extremely disgruntled spider, had to pick up and throw away a dead baby bird with hedge clippers    and there's still a crap-ton to do    what i wouldn't do for a weed eater "
i think i'm ready to get back in the saddle again   
won a goldfish!!!
cursed out a deer today 
<propmale> thomson has no pancake mix! > sad 
i love it when i can't sleep  that's when the coolest drawings and comics happen 
"who the heck wakes up at 4 surprise 0am? apparently, me "
blub-blub-blub-blub    drowning in a puddle of depression   sad 
"had a picnic with <propfemale> vulgamott, went on a trail ride, saw some deer, got thrown off <propmale>, and had to call the farrier because <propmale> threw a shoe when she ran off  today was a good day "
"is drowning in boredom    someone, cure this "
"--i'm so stressed, and there isn't a thing i can do right now to fix that  which really bites, to be honest  not to mention, i find myself a little on the    nervous side    wish i could go riding and just forget all my cares   "
"--i was sitting behind the podium and i was feeling fine, hardly nervous at all  but then sister <propmale> leaned over and whispered \good luck \""\",2e2bffa66cca7e5867fd2e420e5e6549,"--i was getting ready to help my mom straighten her hair    and then the hair straightener slipped out of my hands  and closed around my wrist \\anyone ever seen seared flesh before? i can now say, i have "
--i'll be your kaiba if you be my yuugi!  wink 
pirate speak on facebook? excellent 
"--house and dog sitting this weekend in the most amazing house ever  if you need to get a hold of me, call or text me  i have unlimited minutes texts  (717) 977-7604"
"--against the grain should be a way of life, 'cause what's worth the price is always worth the fight "
"--last night was a great change of pace from the horrible and stress week this has been  for a few hours, i got to just relax and enjoy myself at the mall and a movie with a really great friend   smile  thanks, <propfirst> "
"--i was disappointed that <propmale> poppycock ended up in 4th place  i'll admit he did take his last performance a little too seriously, he could've fluffed it up a bit more  but he still deserved to win, darn it! it was disappointing that fighting gravity didn't make it further either, but i did see the mistake that piers was talking about  <propfirst> grimm isn't a headliner, but, congratulations to him, nonetheless "
--today was a good day 
"--it only took two hours to scrub the asphalt paint off my poor, sunburned skin  ! hopefully it'll tan    meh, i'm ready for more good days! this week needs to get movin' along!"
"--<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows comes out november 19th  ! that's four days after my birthday    hint, hint, dear friends of mine! lol  wink "
--today's task: landscaping out at the farm  ! bring on the farmer's tan!
--will this week be as great as last week? i surely hope so!
"--i got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good, good night~ woo, hoo!  laugh "
"--last night was so much fun! the perfect recipe for a perfect night: amazing friends, up, sitting around and having a laugh or ten, and pit until midnight  that's how we do it!"
"--the one time we decided not to park right in front of our house was like, the best decision ever  some guy fell asleep at the wheel and nailed our neighbor's car, then that car started a domino effect and hit the car in front of it  that would've been bye-bye cavalier if we parked there "
--there's nothing like looking up at the sky to talk about the <propfemale>s with someone special just in time for you both to see a shooting <propfemale>  tonight was good   smile 
"--spent the night browsing at the chambersburg mall, american eagle, dinner at moe's south western grill, and a movie to end the night along with construction on the highway! perfect way to end a marvelous evening   laugh "
"--as usual, i got screwed \and now, it looks like i can't keep <propmale>    i hate my life   "
"--today was one of those days    kind of crummy  the bridal shower was sorta fun, but goodness, i never felt so young before    i could use a healthy dose of cheering up! hopefully the week will start on a good note   "
"--deviantart why must you add so many useless features and cause everyone so much lag? why, da? why?"
--i love tgi fridays  it makes wednesdays greater  i especially like how <propfirst> skulimoski cries when soda comes out his nose  lol  love 
"--\he's g-a-ymca!\""  <propmale> python's spamalot was kind of hilarious!"""
--is anyone not busy tomorrow during the day between like 10 surprise 0am and 3 surprise 0pm and wouldn't mind getting a little dirty?  laugh  i could use some help painting a lot fences 
"--this is amusing  and probably true  \i could never stay mad at you\"" actually means \""cross me & i will drop you like an at&t call \"""""
"--oh, the conversations that can be had while eating mcdonalds food   "
"--oh, man! i can access facebook from my phone! cool   laugh "
"--<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows comes out in four days! oh, man! dowant! dowant!"
"--spent the day shopping and browsing the mall with <propfemale> whitlock, <propfemale> helman, and <propfemale> helman    it was pretty fun!  laugh "
"--today is going to be amazing!  laugh  going out for a romantic day with <propfirst>, and <propmale> potter tonight! -excite! excite!!!!!-"
"--between the hibachi chef throwing a piece of chicken down my shirt, meeting a guy with a punch bug completely dedicated with <propfemale> parton memorabilia with her autograph on the roof, and <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows  today was friggin' amazing!!!"
"--great green gobs of greasy, grimy gopher guts, mutilated monkey meat, chopped up <propfemale> feet! french fried eyeballs swimming in a pool of blood-- mommy, i forgot my straw!"
"--spent thanksgiving with the daniels family  <propfemale> ahlstrom daniels is such a fabulous cook and the meal she and her family prepared was nothing less than perfection! we visited some of the daniels' neighbors, which were awesome people, and their houses were amazing! (note to self: balcony inside house, french doors = perfect house, completed )"
"--oh, man!    it's this many, till ten  !"
"--my voice is still in such cruddy shape from the cold i had a week ago, i can't hit an f sharp to save my life!  sad  disappoint  !"
"--so, i've discovered i'm very good at something besides signing, drawing, and riding  and that is; spilling soda on things that shouldn't have soda spilt on them  for example: <propfirst>'s car, my desk, and my shoes  and the week isn't even over yet "
"--it was so cold today! but, i'm glad i got to ride my horse and spend time with her! and beat <propfirst> up, because he's a douche bag and needs to learn not to be mean to his short mommy; otherwise he has to deal with auntie <propfemale> who won't deal with his crap and will show him what real nightmares are made of   laugh  oh, ho, ho! i love horses!"
--tonight was a good night 
"--i'd love nothing more than to spend christmas with the two people i love most, but of course  compromise, what the heck is that?  wink "
"--hm, who knows  maybe the holidays will go well  for once  i wanna go riding though    don't wanna wait till tomorrow!  sad "
"--i stayed up last night to watch the lunar eclipse, it was so pretty!"
"--i can't believe christmas is less than a week away  it still seems like there's so much to do, though! ugh    at least i got to ride <propmale> today "
--i love <propfirst> cartwright  bonanza is awesome 
--i had so much fun riding!  smile  <propmale> was so lovable and she was such an angel tonight!
--what a looong day  <propfemale> christmas!  laugh  (inside joke: that's the fourth time   wink )
"--ugh, i feel like junk    my nose is actually chapped from blowing it so much  i hope i'm better by next weekend   annoyed "
"--let me love you down  baby, i can break you down  there's so many ways to love you  you've got me like, oh, my gosh  i'm so in love, i found you finally  you make me wanna say; oh, my gosh "
"--what a slow day! i wish i could go riding, i miss my horse!"
"--tonight is going to be amazing, and tomorrow just as!!! i gotta feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good, good night! heck yeah!"
--how the heck am i suppose to know that?     the general tells you   oh    i killed him 
"--the past 48 hours have included: puking my guts out, sleep, more puking, a lot more sleep  more sleep, sleep, sleep  more sleep  a little more puking  sleep, sleep, sleep  more sleep  waking up  a little more sleep  slipping down icy porch steps  scraping my ankle  sleep  facebook    i'm thinking i might try some food, now    i haven't eaten for two days   sad "
"--i'll be hopped up on pills all week  awesome  hello, six days of prednisone  and phenergan, and an inhaler for however long    look at the bright side  at lease i'm not contagious "
"--and i wonder if i ever cross your mind? for me, it happens all the time  it's a quarter after one, i'm all alone and i need you now "
--i have a very high tolerance for stupid  but some people are beginning to take advantage of that 
--alone on a saturday night with nothing to do and no one to talk to    fantastic 
"--today, christian gave me a <propfemale> made out of a tissue  ! which seems nice and all, but i'm wondering if the tissue was contaminated or something   "
"--my  heart  stops  when you look at me  just one touch, now baby, i believe  this is real, so let's take a <propmale> and don't ever look back~"
"--today was pretty good  ! except, <propfirst>'s sick    i hope you get better soon, love!  love  but, i got to see my cousin for the first time in like, forever! it's good reconnecting with family that you just love so much!  smile "
"--ugh  ! why hasn't anyone been replying to any of my text messages? do my friends just not like me, anymore? d:"
"--something is wrong with my phone, when i plug it in to charge it, it says it's charging but the battery won't hold a charge  my phone won't even turn on now    guess it's time for a new battery?"
"--hello, lovelies! it turns out that my new phone decided to dump my entire contact list, so i unfortunately lost all of your <propfirst>! if it isn't too much trouble, please send me a message here on facebook (private, of course  wink ) with your number so i can reenter you into my phone!  smile  thanks, guys!"
"--haha, so change of plan! my phone    spontaneously started working so  please text me your number if you can! lol  smile  thanks guys, sorry for all the hassle!"
"--tonight, it's just you and me  and honestly, that's everything i need "
--i love how what would have been a 10 minute journey turned in to a 30 minute quest for civilization  all because <propfirst> doesn't know his lefts from his rights   laugh 
--epic face  epic face  epic face  epic face     this fox is clearly a registered sex offender   
"--i had a delightful, maybe even romantic evening with my handsome <propfirst>  and i loved it!  smile   love "
"--well, the week had a good start to it, but now it looks like it's begun it's steady downward spiral   annoyed  do want good times now, please "
"--today's gonna be a good day! do you know why? cause, i freaking said so!"
"--spent the whole day with <propfemale> vulgamott and the horses! lots of fun  now, i can't sleep   sad "
"--\there are three kinds of people in the world  those that can count  and those that can't \"" --bishop <propfirst> daniels  i love our bishop so much """
"--i had so much fun hanging out with my friends, today!    the falling on my face part, not so much  but    all in all, a very good day! (and <propfirst> stull gave directions to <propmale> <propmale> oxborrow and didn't get us lost  ! yay!)"
"--i think people need to stop stepping on my toes, learn their place, and back off   smile "
--is today over yet? no? how about now?  annoyed 
"--it's funny how they always assume you hate them, yet want to be friends after they rip your guts out "
"--\how are you not dehydrated? shouldn't you just be weeping little grains of salt by now?\"" i love my friends     sad """
--had a super special awesome day with <propfirst> stull  ! couldn't have asked for a better day   smile 
"--<propfemale> ray: you don't understand  i've been waiting for this for over a year  like, you don't even know  you don't even know!\<propfemale> gibson: i don't even know!!!"
"--oh, no! fatties threatening to hack me on facebook  what ever shall i do?"
"--\he's a chode  he's the chodiest chode in the world!\"" i love life """
"--remind me to never go see if someone needs help if you hear a loud crash and blood curdling screams outside of your house  jussayin'  last night was definitely on the bottom of my \gruesome things i wanna see in life\"" list """
"--got to spend the afternoon grooming and riding <propmale>!  smile  and tomorrow, i get to do it all over again, as well as teach <propfirst> stull how to ride a horse    tomorrow will be a very good day "
"--what a wonderful day! went riding with <propfemale> vulgamott, and taught a school teacher to ride a horse  and after a wonderful ride, went to an equally wonderful dinner with <propfirst> stull! good food, awesome conversation, i learned quite a lot about him! what an awesome guy   smile "
"--we are looking for a two bedroom apartment house anything for rent  ! something preferably $600 00 or less a month  if anyone knows of anything, give me a call or text me  (717-977-7604)"
"--when prayers turn to promises, not even fate can stand in their way  we held the light of hope in our hearts and achieved the impossible    now, we live on to greet a new <propfemale> "
