da5c663474e2a7ccde6750a44e48a9b8
<propfemale> christmas!
had a blast shopping with <propmale>'s girls today  i know   who would've thought i'd be saying that i liked hanging out with kids!
had a great <propfirst>'s weekend with <propmale>  now back to work and school tomorrow   i want another day off
wants to thank everyone for their kind prayers for me and my family with the death of my grandfather 
has anyone else had the day from hell?? freaking full <propfemale> brings the crazy out    to my office!!! vodka tonic    ahhhh    much better
spent the day at the pool drinking beer   ahhhh   my therapy  mexican food with <propmale> topped it all off 
is truly in love with her boyfriend  he makes me smile  smile 
hates being a procrastinator! i try not to do it but it always inevitably ends up the night before     
praying for motivation and no more writer's block!
one class down with two to go   and then a nice month long break from school
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!!
has a new addiction    texas holdem poker     so not a good thing  one more reason not to do what i need to do  smile 
what the heck did i just do? i hit a button and all these friend questions went out  sorry to those who got it 
"had a great weekend in ark with the fam  we survived and no one killed anyone else, so i call that a successful family reunion weekend  now back to work   "
friday night plans: dinner with <propmale> and then just relax together    perfect
"headed to <propfemale> with <propmale>! good food, good drinks, <propmale> and good friends from college  what else can a girl ask for?  smile "
great weekend in <propfemale> with <propmale>!!! now back to reality and work   school starts back next tuesday  sad     only one semester left!
first night of class of my final semester of grad school! not sure taking the nce while in school was my smartest idea  let's hope that i can keep my 4 0 and pass the nce all in one semester!
sometimes i wonder      
exactly 365 days until our wedding! it will be here before we know it
is dreading the upcoming nce!  sad 
is hoping this weekend will end better than it has started
"keeps reminding myself that this is my last semester    i will be done in 2 months    it just doesn't seem fast enough with a huge project, mid-terms, and the nce over the next 2 weeks"
tomorrow is the big day  thanks to everyone for your support and encouraging words  and no i have not spent the entire night studying   a wise person told me to take the night off and relax  smile 
"it's finally over  i have no clue how i did, but i'm just happy it's over!"
feels like crap and has papers to write for class tomorrow night  sad 
i'm ready for a week off in the caribbean     there should be another reason for a week off on a remote island because the honeymoon seems way too far away (11 months!)
"exhausted    making no progress on orals   for graduation (for those perverts, you know who you are  smile )"
hates when a day starts out to be so good and then turns to crap
2 classes left and then graduation!!!!!
flashback 8 years    sex and the city episodes and a glass of wine (a cosmo would be best but wine works)
the last assignments before graduation are always the hardest to actually complete!!!!
finished! done with grad school!!!!! all i have left to do is walk across the stage    smile 
graduation night!!
"loves her two best friends! they help keep me sane and listen to me bitch, which is much needed at times  smile "
wonders when text messaging replaced actual conversation??
just finished dinner and presents with all the grandparents   first time our (mine and <propmale>'s) parents met  it went well! the in-laws get along! thank heaven!
"i got my favorite christmas present: beauty and the beast dvd   i know but it's the last childhood movie that i don't have on dvd  vhs is no longer  and as corny as it sounds, i have to thank my fiance for making me believe in <propfemale> tale endings   with a twist of course  smile "
"bridal show canceled today, and i had just gotten in the wedding mood  sad   mom and i went shopping instead   almost always makes me feel better!"
found my wedding dress!!!!!
"anyone with defiant kids? show them beyond scared straight on a&e  it is quite innovative and gritty  if watching it isn't enough, you can always research the closest prison near you that participates"
"day 2 of exercise program   these trainers are rough! i didn't realize how weak my abs were until today  if i do this until the wedding, i better look unbelievable in my wedding dress and on the honeymoon or i'll be pissed!!!"
i now know what it is like to work out so hard that you want to vomit when you finish!! and i'm not a fan    smile 
"wishes a \staples\"" button existed for wedding planning and everything magically shows up exactly like you want  plus everything that appears is free   like in the commercials"""
"beautiful day, 78 degrees, windows down, sunroof open, \me and <propfirst> magee\"" blaring on the radio (hagy you know what i'm talking about)    gotta appreciate the little things in life  smile """
day off   beautiful outside    the pool is calling my name     then engagement pictures late this afternoon! very excited!
i hate being sick when it is pretty and hot outside
