ffc56c1dcc077e13d21e0c964b4bb6a3
going to tre's basketball game tourney   all day 
"is taking it easy   only 3 weeks left of vacation!! oh, no "
thanks to all the friends for birthday wishes!
three day weekend   oh yeah!!!
hope everyone had a wonderful turkey dinner! yum! i made my first successful turkey   yeah me!!!!
"farmville add \berto rob\"" from my friends list he needs farmville frenz """
two more weeks of school     super excited!!!!
"cheesecake factory     $$$$!!! next time, just appetizers and dessert! happy b-day <propfemale>!"
my babies are gone!! sad  i am happy for summer but will miss my students!!
got new netbook   its a cute little thing! i just have to learn how to use this little touch pad thing    very frustrating!lol
loving new pool deck!! almost completely done    who wants to come swimming??!!
good mornin' sunshines!   i have to go to professional development  ugh!! it gonna be a long day    
no more professional decelopmental until august    yeah me!!!
being sunburned  sucks!!!!!
off to see eclipse at the crack of <propfemale> (that's 9 surprise 0am for me)   lets see if it's as good as everyone says 
i hate humidity and my house is a sauna! yeah me    
packing for <propfemale> kamp      
back from <propfemale>!!! its been a long week but had a great time!!!
why is my pool green???    again?
lettuce wraps   oh yummy! 3 hrs until sakura!!
my phone works and my pool not green    all is right in the world!!
"by taking the personality test, i have found out that i am not neurotic enough to be a teacher!! i was unaware that was a teacher trait! lol"
leaving for legoland on monday promptly at 7 surprise 0am    who thinks i am packed???
back to work for real tomorrow     summer is over!!!  sad 
thanks for all the b-day wishes!!   gonna eat ice cream cake!!! yummy!!
watched a fab movie with friends   going the distance is super cute!! but prepare your ears for raunchy-ness!
so  it starts at 5th grade  tre had a girl call him to ask if he liked her friend    what happened to check the box yes or no?
almost winter break   yeah!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!! i hope everyone has a great day!!!
got new laptop for xmas   lovin' it!!!
back to work after 2 long weeks    lets see if i can move in the morning!!pray that i feel fabulous in the morning   please!!! thx 
<propmale> sent me roses today to cheer me up! how sweet is that?
22 degrees right now   are we still in tucson?
big day today!   lets hope this shot works and i can have my life back!! smile 
"<propfirst> loves me   brought me pizza, pie and ice cream!!! yeah  smile "
day 2: don't feel better but definately don't feel worse   is that good?
<propfirst> v  loves me too   came over with food and cleaned! how loved am i?
"1st venture out today with minimal pain, where? target!!! oh, how i missed u,   my sweet, wonderful greatland target!"
"does anyone know if someone sued the heating pad companies? because my new heating pad has more saftey features than my crusty old one did annoyed settings\old heating pad : toasty, hot and sizzle\new heating pad: lukewarm, warm, thinking about getting hot and kinda hot\power \old heating pad: manually   \new heating pad: auto shut off    if it keeps turning off you aren't working!!\ugh!!!!!i am just sayin'"
"it took 3 years but i finally got my ring! oh, and the best man ever! love you <propmale>!"
