4000e013436fcec129be057b50de8b84
lalaland~
"back from colorgaurd practice, and completely exhausted ):"
is so tired all of a sudden  fml 
what a week!! and the next will be just as bad!  annoyed  maybe worse    goodess 
"okay shaunn    i meant \goodness\""! happy? lol"""
"i want you  i want all of you, for ever, you and me, every day "
pep rally this friday for band and colorgaurd! for making it to championships (; at the large quadd 
damn you people! i want to see new <propfemale> too!  sad 
"i've found the one   i'm so glad i waited for you, the heartbreaks are finally over   i can look forward to an amazing future with you by my side "
143 <propfirst>   love 
he's coming home     love  he's finally coming! and will be here tomorrow morning  gotta wake up early with mom to pick him up at the station  smile 
what a lonely night! now clinicals todayy 
he's coming back homee! i'd sayyy - about time love   smile 
"and one day, this world will see just how much he means to me love "
any last minute helpers? i completely forgot how to cite a website for my lab report and can't find my mla booklet anywhereeee
"and one day, this world will see just how much he means to me love "
wow  it's like the earthquake is a celebrity now    back to bed smile 
farmville lovers? i need help with my maison  just one more board and one more vine  love  thanks for the help and support! haha(;
"such a rough day today; mental, physical, and emotion break downs  i just want to get through this week   "
last guard competition today! championships   love  wish us luck    we'll need it 
"finished calling my list of incoming 8th graders (; had a few interested, had a few not, and many voicemails  playful  guess i'll get back to those later  "
"indeed  very sore  haha, but it'll all be worth it in the end smile "
casper is missing! please help spread the word  looking for a brown and black yorkie pup     sad 
"it's a miracle    at least i know, there is still good people in this world  love "
"didn't want to make it a big deal, but   thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday smile   love "
"this morning, as i woke up, i was nothing special; <propfemale> <propfirst> bracone - the ordinary  and now, i am <propfemale> <propfirst> bracone - the official certified nursing assistant    smile "
i suppose; i suppose i've lived a bad life  surrounded by bad things  but i am not a bad person    i've always believed things happen for a reason  and you can't hate something until you give it a try    give me the <propmale> i need 
"hahaa, so mom's made me some kind of famous <propfemale> in the filipino family, and wants me to put up more videos    soooo    i guess the pressure's on? hahaa(;"
tomorrow  the block  8 smile 0 p m  popcorn  eclipse laugh  you know where to find me smile 
in the theater for eclipse! finallyy smile 
is it really so terrible of me to despise a crowd? call me loser; sure  call me loner; why not  but at least i'm me 
"because, maybe   just maybe, the grass is greener on the other side smile "
"had an amazing day night at the beach today!  smile  despite the fact that i was severely burned (filipinos? burnt?! yeahh, it happens ), and i lost my voice =x definately have to do it again sometime laugh "
"and one day, this world will see just how much you mean to <propfemale>  love "
"dear god, make me a bird    so i could fly far; far, far away from here!"
probably the most relaxing thing i could do: knitting a blanket for a friend's baby shower smile  [[p s  --> no phone]]
"so who here has hippopotomonstrosesquippedalipobia?! obviously, i don't  (;"
"came back from an amazing summer camp with <propfirst> kinnon, <propfemale> <propfemale> earwood, <propfemale> <propfemale> garwood, and my new friends dezz garcia and more!"
"so stuck at cal hi; tired of all the lines  picking up this class schedule has got to be the longesy, and slowest process i've ever had to go through!"
"class schedule   do i have you?  smile  -->\0: drill\1: t a \2:government\3 sad hamber choir\4:english 4\5 + 6: rop first responder"
first day of training with vector corporation tomorrow smile  veryyy excited  laugh 
"one long week ahead of me!  annoyed  up by 6 smile 0, out by 7  leader ship meetings, band camp's morning sesh, choir camp, then band camp's night sesh! when's sleep?!"
"dear summer; where have you gone? it feels like months are days, days are hours, hours are minutes     annoyed  time is moving too quickly "
caught in a cloud on the way to sd  it's wierd seeing sky touch sea 
on the way to la county fair smile 
dear stormclouds; please come my way! i long for it to rain all day 
loving the sound of rain hitting the backyard patio smile   love 
"learning \need you now\"" on guitar smile  any requests for anything else?  laugh """
mom made a 5 minute drive to school in 2 minutes  traffic and all   go mom!(;
"thank gooodness for late starts!  laugh  though, still no sleeping in  "
ooh! drizzle!  laugh  could it beeee?! hope it gets harderrr  
lip sinc today! smile 
backyard bonfire with the brother smile 
hope the rain continues tomorrow  
"on the roof, playing guitar     oh! help me clear my mind annoyed "
"i reallyy want to go to golf n stuff, noww   "
putting my butt into gear and finishing this damn research paper tonight! smile  goodnight world love 
"getting sick, yet there's a competition today  just my luck; lol  omg  fml? indeed "
and i wish there were lightning and thunder to accompany the rainn   ):
i need to get rid of my bed to bring my piano backk in my room  anyone need a <propfemale> size bed??
what am i thankful for? a mother that can cook  wink   love 
"for those who refuse to get out of bed before 0600, shopping starts now(;"
lovely smile  nothing like the sweet sound of rain on my bedroom roof to put me to sleep  love 
"anyone planning on going to the christmas concert on wednesday? i'm selling tickets, and performing smile   love  $3"
what's better than just going to disneyland  ?? going to disneyland on a rainy day! smile 
turning off the daily alarm clocks on my phonee never felt  soooo good!(;  love 
"passed the written test   well, that's relieving! smile "
new number! text me so i can save your number on the phoneee   562)447-0938
i can't find this year's winter guard show on youtube! someone said it was up? anyone in guard know the link? send it to me 
finally got my own number back! <propfemale> text me on 562) 447-0084 so i can save your number again   
"had a great night with <propfemale> teehee, <propfemale> <propfemale> garwood, and <propfemale> young! and of course, my momm <propfemale> bracone  who would've known something so small could be so fun? (;"
can't decide between mt sac or fullerton with my sister   
