78734cb5a121b6cbb6fb262f15822064
is starting the new year with ho where to go but up!  (at least jobwise )  thank the gods for my friends!  y'all are the best!!!!
analyzes: dagen's job is to show once how hard he can hit    then he never has to do it again    usually because the target is on the ground barely alive if he's lucky 
had someone remind him that his initials aren't erk today   *shakes head*
is in waynesboro va this week
      seriously    can i have a sane week of travel?
"@ exton, <propfemale>"
disney bought <propfemale>      why does this hurt my soul?
thinks that having 19 children is insane   especially in this day and age 
doesn't understand why getting a license file can be like pulling teeth without novacaine
"is like: \you want to put what where because i have a kidney stone?\"""""
so i apparently summoned a damned frost dragon in castle age     great     fantastic     kill it dead!
has been told that more than likely i passed the kidney stone without noticing it 
can heal in his dps gear and not notice until he sees himself still dropping totem of wrath    
"is ready for a vacation, even though it is going to be painful, and not really register as one "
is putting in a request to all deities to resolve this cold weather crap 
"teeth extracted     semi-afk    will be around all week, text or leave message "
"hates \windows minutes\"" where 19 minutes can literally become 2 hours    and 2 hours can become 5 minutes all in the same day """
so    who is inviting my to halloween parties?  for the pirates need places to pillage!
is still looking for a halloween event to go to 
is satisfied but antsy about the rest of the install   hopefully i won't have to travel back next week!
-- is it bad that i miss people because i'm travelling?
-- last call -- halloween parties or plans that can facilitate me dragging other friend along?  suggestions requested 
1 7 2010 -- lady gaga concert in st  <propfirst>     i can haz?
-- last call -- halloween parties or plans that can facilitate me dragging other friend along? suggestions requested 
is still waiting on things to get done so he can finish his project 
kill my hydra!!!
can't get my hydra to post this morning    
is happy he doesn't have to travel next week after all!
hates the cold 
is on more meds    
":  my answer is still    \gravity\"""""
is having more owen-style issues
is playing mass effect 2!
man vs food makes me hungry     why is that?
new rp focus: scion: hero   (still larping and such though)
has a new understanding of what it means to have a fulfilling game e playful erience from this weekend 
hosted a lovely tea party 
i  love  some warm weathers 
"what is it?  national come out week?  <propfirst> hays, <propmale> <propfirst>, and now    <propfirst> radcliffe?  can i get tobey mcguire, vin diesel, and <propfirst> evans on this list too?  any others i'm missing?"
is sleepy and likely off to bed soon 
headaches piss me off 
"finally, my character <propfirst> has come to life!  ugh    4 months of effort, and just in time really too "
"when someone says \color me silly \"" what color do you think they should be?"""
is ready for nappy time again
is prepared to jump into the volcano 
is feeling the love!
"had an amazing birthday, and is truly blessed to have so many great friends in his life "
"i realized today that it's not really my size that gives my a complex, it's the fact that i'm really well muscled from the waist down that keeps me from fitting in the waist size i should be able to   and because of that muscle, that i clock the scale a lot harder than i want   so   i still intend to do better    to work on that which i wish, however, i am actually pretty okay with being me "
why i it    somedays you can wake up 3-5 hours early all happy and refreshed    and other days you could sleep all day?  i mean really    what is the point of waking up at 7 am when you aren't going to need to get outta bed until 11   (and no    i wasn't woke up by the storm    or a phone call   i just    woke up 
i can has job now?
"woo, got a call from a bank for a job!  they sent me a skills assessment test to take online, math and reasoning with a bit of vocab   everything i think i'm good at   \\in other news,  did anyone see late night liars on gsn?  i thought it was hillarious, and i learned something   you have to be deceased to appear on a postage stamp   i was not aware of this!"
happy day for me   got called for an interview wednesday!
two interviews complete   both really good   now    we wait 
"so today i decided, i'd really like to win it big in the lottery   you know   just so i could do amazing things for my friends, family, and the community out here "
"97% of teens (and middle aged women) would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \do a flip you sparkly bitch   !\"" then copy and paste this as your status """
"if you know an awesome desmoines <propfemale>, and think they need a hug, you should post this to your facebook status "
wanting next week's true blood
the weather outside is kinda scary today     thinking i will tank the bed until i get a phone call i have to deal with 
glare photos -- who has them?
"yay!  background check for job, which means things might get a whole lot better a while lot sooner "
has heard from two of his references that things sound good for his potential job and is hoping to hear from them tomorrow 
job -- i gets it!   start date aug 16th @ 8 am!  wish it was earlier but all paperworks couldn't get put through faster   but job = job   erk = happy 
job -- i gets it! start date aug 2nd @ 8 am! job = job  erk = happy   erk actually thinks that he's going to like his job 
is awake early and preparing for his first day     oh i wish i could go back to sleep for the other hour and a half that i would be able to have   
so    the first day was a success   the head of hr seemed to be impressed with some of my test scores   i'm literally the only guy that isn't a supervisor on the team   everyone seems really nice 
"\   and now for the weather   tiffany?\"""""
"\blah blah vampire emergency blah\""  (god i love <propfemale>!)"""
two more episodes    then    we have to wait for more    again    
seriously    what is with my headaches lately?
and tonight    it's my back that is killing me    good night angsty world    may i wake up without a knot on the right side of my spine
"spider bite, ftl   at least i took care of it before it got gross!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a stupidity sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise    awareness  93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy and paste "
"so, just so i can spread what i heard in the news    they want to bring back punked    a prank tv show   however instead of <propfemale> kutcher as the host    they want it to be <propfirst> beiber  (however their last names are spelled   you get the point )  it's been being talked about on the radio all morning   ugh "
my eye has been twitching for a week now     am i like    having a heart attack and not noticing?  reminds me of the cartoon character right before they e playful lode
from 285 to 267     that's almost 20 pounds in two months    
"went to work early, to find out the interwebz were down "
so    today was fail   -- i'm going to bed 
"why is it i can charge my phone for a half hour, and get from 0 to 50 percent     and when i am at 20% it takes an hour to get to 50?"
am i really the only on that sorts my m&ms?
"today's m&m bag - 1 orange, 3 red, 4 yellow, 5 green, 6 blue, & 7 brown "
today marks the beginning of my tripled workload due to black friday   *sigh*  this week is going to suck   *sniffle*
"so    i kinda got a second job   not much in hours, but could turn out to be "
"316 -- what can i say   i've always been impressed by you   you've had some heavy burdens on those stocky shoulders, but you always stood up straight   i wish we could <propfemale> out more often   time, and schedules never seem to align correctly   but when it does we'll definitely get to have fun again "
"359 - i knew you were trouble from the first time i met you    you    you have spunk    probably enough for four people   and i love that   i can't believe how time has passed, never imagined you'd be where you are today   but i think it was good for you  playful  "
43110 -- what is there to say?  i mean you've seen me through a lot more than most people would ever know   one of the few people that remember the incident     *sighs happily*   i miss you sugar!
and now    for the sleep!
"so, let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the          institution of marriage?? really? really   ?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!!"
"- so my hard drive died this weekend   i have bought a new one, but that only vaguely makes me feel better "
dear facebook   although i get the idea of having this new authenticaion capability    i just helped a friend log in    it's hard to tell who someone is from a damned picture a three of his guns!
"so, i am officially sick   my body has been demanding twice as much food and starting to want it within 30 minutes of waking "
i am a data-monkey     give me a banana!  or something   
oh    i learned something     egypt apparently has their own pope   i'm gonna have to find the news article again to see what he was doing 
seriously    this cold can go straight to     anywhere but with me 
7 cops cars on the way to and from best buy    me thinks today is a day to run and hide    
