034ea959bb56fb186ab440975a17c037
spent new year's with the tba men in my life  smile 
garage sale in a couple weeks! woohoo!
"finished this quarter, finished my own website  i'm so glad! www jaimiedesign com"
1 more week of college! i want my diploma dang-it!
officially done with college! i'll get my diploma in september   smile 
<propmale> and <propfemale>'s wedding was awesome! <propfirst> caught the bouquet and <propfirst> caught the garter! ;p
yesterday was <propfirst> and i's 3 year anniversary!
"at <propfirst>'s house; new laptop, wireless high-speed internet,  and web design work   i'm in heaven!"
almost done coding a website!
best grad party ever!!! thanks everyone for coming and being so supportive! i love you all! ;p
just gone home from partying with my cousins  had a blast!  smile 
going to office <propmale> later  woo hoo!!!
saw a delorean in real life for the first time on the way to office <propmale>!!! oh and the office <propmale> on <propmale> and 82nd doesn't exist because google maps lies! grrr
"cooking up some homemade marinara sauce, yum!"
"the last 24 hours have been stressful  work, work, work, work, work  breaktime   smile "
finally making some money  smile 
at the rock climbing gym: <propfirst> climbs while i work on the laptop  good times  ;p
muse is totally bad ass  they need to tour here again!!
anybody need <propfemale> wars action figures? i'm selling!
dedication: facebooking with your left hand when your right has carpal tunnel  it's pretty sad  haha
trying to get motivated!!
got a haircut today! thanks <propfemale>!
<propfirst> and i are going to be <propfirst> mcfly and <propfemale> <propmale> from back to the future!!! living the dream!!! ;p
minus the bear concert tonight! ;p
i've updated my site www jaimiedesign com and our business site www leftandrightdesign com check them out!
just finished making a badass newspaper basket   smile 
had an awesome birthday weekend! date with <propfirst> on friday and cake and presents with the fam tonight  thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
"wtf?!?! so get this, my car has been out of order for a week due to a massive coolant leak  anyways, now guess who has a mysterious coolant leak: <propfirst>! i can't freakin believe our cars are problem coolant twins in the same week! so now we're stuck in portland  <propfirst> might have a blown head gasget and mine might be some intake manifold thingy  oh yeah, and <propfirst>'s computer bit the dust  nice  > sad "
"good news: my car is fixed  bad news: i have a sinus infection, again   annoyed "
"a word of warning: if you ever come across <propfemale> <propfirst> or media maison, do not work with her or her company  she is a thief and she will scam you  she had us build two websites for her, and now she wont pay or answer any calls or emails "
"<propfirst> and i got in a fender bender in my car today  nice  we're fine, car fixable, no worries  sucks though!"
<propfirst> and i are redoing our website  sometimes taking a step back is the only way to move forward!  smile 
tis the season: anybody interested in a hand-knitted scarf or beanie? or perhaps a cell phone or ipod cozy? i've busted out the knitting supplies!! let me know if you are interested!
trying to find the parts i need for my corsica    it would help if i knew about cars  haha
"beanies: $10, scarves : $20, cell phone ipod cozy: $5; you know you want in on this custom, hand-knitted action  christmas is coming!!!"
<propfirst> and i just got a whole bunch of clearance halloween <propfemale>: like 10 bucks worth of <propfemale> for like 2 50  yum! now we are going to watch a ridiculously amount of lost   smile 
"the rock climbing gym is the best place to sell knitted beanies  it is full of outdoorsy men!  smile  if anyone needs a beanie, scarf, or cell phone ipod sleeve, let me know!!"
"motivation, where have you gone?"
bummed  muse is coming to seattle    have no money    and i think it's sold out  sad 
had a great thanksgiving with my family at the coburn's!!!!
i like how our free windows 7 upgrade costs $11 25    not  totally lame  ; 
"yay!!! looking at a cheap 95 corsica tomorrow! i plan on stealing it's parts at putting them on mine  after we buy it, that is  haha  smile "
"finally spent my barne's & <propmale> gift card, thanks rash!  smile  oh, and it is too freakin cold outside  i hate it!"
what's better than raspberry chocolate cheesecake? free raspberry chocolate cheesecake!!!!  smile 
"if i can't go to the muse show in april, i will die!  sad "
just got back from elements glass where <propfirst> and i made our own glass ornament  pics coming soon!  smile 
rediscovering zoo tycoon 2  good times!  smile 
nothing better than homemade blackberry jam with homemade bread  smile 
had another great christmas with my family!!! happy holidays everyone!
finally saw avatar in 3d! definitely the most epic movie ever  everyone must see it!  smile 
offically back in camas  smile  we finished moving <propfirst>'s stuff and now part way done with mine  i hope it doesn't snow while i'm moving my crap!!
<propfirst> and i just got back from eating at claim jumper  the food there is always amazing!!
doctor appointment today    always anxious!
all moved in with <propfirst>  smile  our office is bad ass!
bought some bird feeders for my new yard  excited!!!! too bad it's raining  sad 
might have jury duty this week    son of a    !  sad 
yes!! no jury duty today or tomorrow  only three more days to call and i have a high group number  i'm crossing my fingers! haha
new outfit day!!!!  laugh 
"it's wayback week!!!! let's go retro! - everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! (copy and paste this to your status, and let's see how adorable we all were!)"
baking bread and hopefully going to get some work done! i'm feeling good!
rediscovering my ps2    why did i ever go back to school? haha j k  playful 
"computer bad, playstation good  who would have thought it would help my carpal tunnel?  smile "
helped <propfirst> and the gang clean out the new warehouse location today for the selfless creations artist c surprise p  found some treasures too   smile 
played with some acrylic paint tonight  i haved painted anything since high school and i must say it felt good!  smile 
"retroweek is over! starting now, post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality  be creative  copy and paste this so we can all play along!"
going to get my haircut soon!
reinstalling the sims 2 and all my e playful ansion packs     why? because i haven't played in months and need my fix!  smile 
had fun scrapbooking with my mom and sister today!! i finally finished <propfirst>'s baby scrapbook     it only took me like 2 1 2 years! haha
it's brother sister week!!!!!! update your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both! picture can be from when you were young or a current one!
kicking some website ass!  smile 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
today i went birdwatching with <propfirst> at the steigerwald wildlife refuge  it was the perfect day to go!  smile 
"celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other  make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile  ? ? ?"
starting our <propfirst>'s weekend with a glass of wine  smile 
"had a great <propfirst>'s day with <propfirst>! started the day with pink waffles and then went out to get coldstone ice cream! came home for dinner, drank some wine and watched \couple's retreat\""  it was really nice to spend the whole day together! <propfirst> is the best!  smile """
"our website is 95% complete! final touches to be completed tomorrow, followed by its unveiling  we're super stoked, we've been working hard!!!! ;p"
"spent the weekend with my mom and dad, went to goodwill ad found some treasures, and <propfirst> is back from his rock climbing vacation  good times  smile "
coding for multiple browsers can be a real bitch  gaaarr!
"just applied for a web designer position i found on <propmale>'s list  eeek, i am so nervous now!!!"
it's movie week at facebook; cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines! don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines!
"had a great dinner with my <propfirst>, his dad and my parents! and yes, i made it all   smile "
"going flower shopping with my mom today! ahhh, i can't want until spring!!"
"then a speckled bird,  humbly inspired, ran across the road, when it could've flew, it made me smile  smile "
just played lord of the rings trivial pursuit with <propfirst> and rash  nothing makes me happier than sharing my movie trivia knowledge!  smile 
allergies are dumb  annoyed 
"doing laundry, cooking dinner, did the dishes, and going to bake banana bread soon  i kick ass!  smile "
oh my god!! <propfirst> and i got free tickets for the jet and crash kings show tonight!!!!! thanks <propfirst>!!
"awesome crash kings and jet show tonight!!! i ache very, very badly! hehe  smile "
"i am so proud of <propfirst>! he got a job at the shell in camas not even 24 hours after his interview! today is his second day, wish him luck!  smile "
just got back from 14 hours of moving! <propfemale> and <propfirst> are officially in longview now! i am so sore!!
hoping for a <propfemale> weekend so i can start building my garden plots!!  smile 
"i'm exhausted from planting flowers, herbs and veggies with my mom!  smile "
debating if i want to work on the garden plots or lounge about the house  it's a toss up!
beginning day 5 of garden plot preparation  smile 
i have an interview at <propfemale> vu consignment boutique in camas next thursday   smile 
going to <propfirst>'s beach house in ocean park with the space peeps until sunday  then celebrating <propfemale>'s birthday in longview  there is a lot of driving in my future! yipeee!
enjoying an egg salad sandwich while i contemplate on what to create today   smile 
"it's pet week  if you have a pet you love, make them your profile picture!"
yay for earth day!! everyone recycle!!!  smile 
have a job interview at 2 today     god i hate selling myself!
i got the job at <propfemale> vu consignment in camas!!!! yay for me!
about to go through the leftovers in the fridge     i wonder what unpleasant things i will find      eww 
had a great shopping session with my mom!! yay for something new!  smile 
nervous for work today    probably because tomorrow i'll be running the shop by myself  eeek  annoyed 
"does anybody know someone who is selling a little 4 cylinder, (single cam, fuel injection) engine that is compatible with a 92 toyota tercel? or a cheap tercel with that engine?blah, sharing a car sucks!! i'm dying here  lol"
enjoying my day off after a busy week of training at work  survived my first shift by myself yesterday  i think i am actually going to like this job!  smile  now i'm hoping to wrap up the digging in my last garden plot!!
my sewing machine is being a real bitch today!! broke a couple needles trying to finish a simple hem  garrr
"i am seriously beat  busy week at work and had a excellent time at the space grand opening and finally got to see <propfirst> and this infernal machine play!!! it was so awesome!!! but the fun doesn't stop there    the living room has become a recording studio for the weekend  seriously, the house is strewn with cables, speakers and the like  lol"
happy mother's day everyone!!! i am going to have dinner later with my wonderful mommy  smile 
in the process of making a bad ass quilt out of old screen t-shirts  it is going to rule!
sore from kicking ass in the garden today! each plot now has a brick border  smile 
my car is finally getting some new parts tomorrow!! i can't wait to have a left blinker again after six months! yippeee!!!!
day one of working nine days straight  bzzz  sad 
loving my new job! who would have thought?  smile 
thankful for a short shift today  smile 
my shift went really fast today and it looks like i won't have to start working sundays for awhile!!! stoked!!
doing some research on an antique printing press cicra 1928  it makes me happy  smile 
exhausted from my busy work week  so glad i have tomorrow off!!!!
"yeah, so i had a good day at work until i screwed up the main computer  seriously  i was asked to find some free pdf converter software and i installed some  then i was prompted to restart and then the computer just died  yeah, i'm hoping i didn't totally eff everything up  luckily my boss wasn't mad, but that doesn't make me feel any better "
having a sewing b with <propfemale> today!!! which may turn into a beading frenzy   smile 
can't wait until my payday next week so i can finally get my haircut!!! it's feeling long and frumpy 
going to spend the day with the fam!!!  smile 
so my nephew saw my car today (with its white parts) and wanted to know why there was a cop car in the driveway  lol
just discovered a group of western scrub <propfirst> fledglings in my yard! they are so much fun to watch!  laugh 
hooray for payday!!  smile 
i wonder how many cavities the dentist will find in my mouth today 
"spoiled myself today: new shoes, video game and bird feeder!  smile "
"had a huge buzz today and cleaned, moved furniture around and made a goodwill pile  i feel better now!  smile "
just got back from brenden & mallery's wedding in bend!! it was a whole weekend of fun and it was great to be with the gang! and yes     i caught the bouquet!!!  laugh 
going to my parent's house for a family bbq!!  smile 
"okay, so that new five guys burger place on 192nd kicks ass  <propfirst> and i went there tonight and got huge burgers and fries made with fresh ingredients for the same price as <propfirst>'s jr  it was amazing   smile "
"went on a five mile hike today at <propmale> park  it was fun, but my feet are seriously on fire!"
blah  not excited to go to work today  i'm freaking tired!
"just watched finding neverland for the first time  it was so good, i cried! i haven't cried at a movie in awhile!"
"<propfirst> killed a huge hobo spider last night  it was just walking on the top of our couch, probably planning to kill us and eat us! so i'm adding \finding a organic spider repellent\"" to my to do list """
hopefully adopting a baby kitten on tuesday! i already purchased the necessities & am cleaning & <propfemale> proofing   laugh 
the other day i had a baby name book laying out because i was looking for some cat names  <propfirst>'s dad saw it and thought we we having a baby! he was concerned  lol
pippin is a little spaz already! i let him e playful lore the whole house &he ran around like a freak! lol
"curse you sinus infection, curse you "
yay! <propfirst> got a car yesterday and i can drive myself to work now  oh the simple pleasures  smile 
what's more frustrating than both of your computers having a nasty virus? anti-virus software that doesn't fix the problem! grrrr
good news: lost some weight  bad news: most of my clothes don't fit  bzzzz  annoyed 
woohoo! it's cool enough to wear jeans today!  smile 
had some of our onion and corn from our garden and they didn't taste like dirt! success!  smile 
shopped til i dropped today with my mom  it felt good to spoil myself today and it will be great to wear some clothes that actually fit   smile 
"sisterweek ??? if you have a sister, whether biological or spiritual, who hasmade you laugh, wiped your tears, prayed for you, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this on your wall  ???"
<propfirst> and i have been together 4 years today!!! time sure flies when you're having fun  smile 
one more shift before i get a few days off  finally!
officially missing a beloved nin cd  this is just as bad as the time i misplaced my back to the future trilogy  *tear*
baking blueberry muffins! and a blackberry pie sometime this weekend  smile 
made a kick ass blackberry pie tonight  smile 
taking pippin to the vet for a check up  i haven't taken a cat by myself before    should be good times  haha
"i'm not sure who is more exhausted from the vet visit, me or pippin  screw you google maps for pointing me in the wrong direction with a whining cat in the backseat! arrgh!"
"today will be a great day: 2 hour shift, get paid, shopping with mom, and painting train logs with dad   laugh "
what's great about having two computers? burning two cds at once  ;p
excited for a new purse and wallet  ;p
got my haircut today!! it feels great  smile 
drinking wine & baking a cake  smile 
"if youhave a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world   who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you   who works hard and would do anything for you   that makes you laugh   who is your best friend   who you want to grow old with   and who you are thankful for everyday   repost this "
where have you gone motivation?
"sometimes i feel like pippin is a baby  but instead of trying to eat and rock a cradle at the same time, i'm trying to eat while waving a feather wand  lol"
finally finishing up my t-shirt quilt! i blame my dad for all my unfinished projects- i think it's genetic! lol
"watched the prestige last night, it was so good! i must say it was strange seeing <propfirst> bowie in an 1899 bohemian mustache "
"just watched the <propfemale> and the frog, so adorable  disney movies make me happy  smile "
woke up with a bit of a sinus infection  bzzzzz     luckily i only work two hours today!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! <propfirst> took me to the claim jumper restaurant last night in clackamas and ate some fantastic food!! today i going to my momma's house to finish the birthday festivities! yay!  smile 
<propfirst> took me to the mall today to buy me a new watch for my b-day  yay!!!  laugh 
so clash of the titans     not as epic as i thought it would be   annoyed 
"ifyour dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly!"
so <propfirst> and i were planning on doing something for halloween but we were just not in the mood  i was so tired and my costume didn't get finished  we do plan on doing a photo shoot in our costumes once i finish mine! yay!
i made <propfirst> watch the <propmale> horror picture show with me      i think i scarred him for life  lol
"so somehow <propfirst> and i landed a design job designing labels for a new cosmetic line, that will supposedly be sold at nordstroms  the gal that hired is really nice and bought us dinner last night and paying us as we go! wtf? people actually paying us? who would have thought  the project needs to be done asap, like in a week, so probably won't see or hear from us in awhile  terrified and stoked at the same time!!"
<propmale> potter 7 part 1 was awesome! as i knew it would be! bummed i have to wait six months for part 2 though 
had a great thanksgiving with my big family!!  smile 
<propfirst> and i bought a new mattress today!! it is our christmas gift to each other and the solution to my back problem  yay!!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of wonderful childhood memories  this is in protest of violence against children!"
i bought a catnip toy for pippin the other day and he didn't respond to it  so i bought a big bag of different catnip and put some in his toy  what does he do? he sniffs it and then tried to bury it like a turd  wtf?
"applied for a design job just now  i need something, i feel like my talents are going to waste  wish me luck!  smile "
"going to go make blown glass ornaments, kick it with the fam, and then watch the marionette show at the space!!  smile "
the christmas <propfirst> marionette show was so amazing  thank you everyone at the space for the e playful erience!  smile 
happy holidays everyone!!!
"found out yesterday that my sister, <propfemale>, is pregnant!!! yay!! i'm going to be an auntie!  laugh "
it's snowing!
"i think my news years resolution is to find my groove, for i have lost it!"
pippin did not appreciate <propfirst>'s aunt's little doggie running into the room  growls all around  lol
enjoying our new matching ikea desks!  laugh 
"today is going to suck, my wrist is killing me! bzzz  sad "
"kentucky just passed the best law ever  to be on food stamps, medicaid,or cash assistance on your children or yourself you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post  people that work has to take a drug test so should they  amen    repost if you agree!!!!!  smile "
"whatever you give to a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile and she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given  so if you give her crap       be ready to receive a ton of shit!! real women keep this going"
watched the legend of the guardians last night  it was really good and the owls were adorable  smile 
the sun feels great today! pippin feels the same way  laugh 
"found an add-on to pippin's little house at goodwill  even though it was missing parts, it still worked  <propfemale> city is awesome! ;p"
my sister <propfemale> was involved in a car accident last night  the other party ran a red light and hit her as she was entering the intersection  her car is totaled! luckily her and the baby are fine! sure brings back memories of the last time it happened 10 years ago 
whipped dream vodka kicks ass! put it in root beer and you've got yourself a root beer float  yum  smile 
"come on! so i got my w-2 today and it turns out my employer hasn't been withholding money from my checks, even though i filled out a w-4 when i got the job!!! i have to talk to her tomorrow     grrrr"
blah     i hate monday mornings       
if i was still a teenager i would be so steampunk right now  ;p
nobody puts <propfemale> in the corner   
trying to have some courage
"let's start celebrating <propfirst>'s day a little early shall we? for the weekend, change your profile picture to you and your spouse  significant other  re-post this as your status and make sure to tell how long you've been together!? ? 2006 ? ?"
have an appointment with a new clinic     i hope my new doctor isn't a weirdo 
young the giant was awesome last night!! i'm so tired      smile 
just watched the movie frozen  like i needed to have another reason to fear wolves 
the game of musical cars continues   
today is going to be awesome  <propfirst> and i are moving some furniture and going through some crap  yay!  smile 
does anybody know of any companies hiring in vancouver? preferably graphic web design  i am ready for change!
wow  just heard about the tsunami in japan    so sad  annoyed 
tired of working every saturday! i just want to stay home with <propfirst> and pippin  annoyed 
"<propfirst> got a new computer, so i got mine back and we got a 23 inch monitor! good times! now i can play sims 2 ;p"
"if your dad is was a hard working man, is and always will be your hero, helped\you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one daddy!!!!"
"i did some research, because pippin won't use his scratching devices and won't respond to catnip, and discovered that cats are also attracted to honeysuckle  i found a whole bunch of honeysuckle toys and even a spray  i ordered the spray, so i hope he will love it and scratch where i want him to   smile "
forgot that it's st  <propfirst>'s day     good thing i was going to wear green today anyway  ;p
i'll have a coke 
"my sister is having a boy!! no name yet, but many ideas  i hope it's a redhead ;p"
why are all the jobs i am perfect for in the beaverton tualitin area  bzzzzz  annoyed 
