1439f43b7262f27bef40b1368ee383c0
sittin here jammin to linkin park till i go to wrk at 3  i hate wrkin in this shit  plz lay me off so i can wrk on some tats 
dammit  leavin for wrk in a few minutes  oh well  plant aint runnin  thnk ill go in n do nothin all night
"leavin for wrk  gonna b bored,so feel free to hit me up on here"
bored as hell at wrk  msg me if u wnt 
i didnt know she had that g i  <propfirst> kung fu grip     
angelas daughter goin to her first homecoming dance tonite  shes excited
sittin at home  glad to be away from wrk finally
"i just saw this #1 steeler haters club   what a bunch of losers that they cant even compile a <propfemale> to b proud of their own team,just hate on us    nothin but a buncha jealous,hatin ass, bum teamlovin jagoffs(had 2 throw that in 4 u jerks) ,who continue to wallow in their teams grief cuz the browns,ravens and the bengals blow!!! i guess u cant b proud of a turd "
thnx 2 everybody who wished me a happy birthday yesterday
how woul wink  u feel if ur girl left u at ur own birthday party?
go steelers
"just did my black friday shopping onlinetook 30 minutes,didnt get pushed,shoved,wait in lines,n still got good deals  u ppl out there actin like fools r suckers,lmao "
just got a job offer today    more $$    better hrs      things just keep gettin better
"got an offer on a new job today better pay    better hrs     great benifits    gotta admit,ima miss doren   "
i hate night games  takes too long to get here 
y dnt neone ever get flagged for helmet to helmet against pittsburgh?! thats 2 tonite! they flag us even if it aint one!
"put up the tree today  looks great  last day at doren,start new job monday $$$$$$$$$$"
"well,goin to bed all  goodnite"
"shitty that the steelers lost,but they r still in the playoffs 'officially' due to strength of schedule      hell yeah! super bowl run,here we come!"
"interception! j-e-t-s! jets!jets!jets! ima steelers fan,just dnt wanna c the pats"
hell yeah! one more at heinz field! iiii got a feeeliiin     pittsburghs goin to the super bowl    
how many jets will b on their way to dallas(super bowl)this week? the profile pick will answer that for ya
t minus 9 hours till the packers r under attack
"well,movin to a new house on the 1st,cnt wait"
whats up with everyone usin song lyrics for their status? kinda gay
"u know what really grinds my gears? pedophiles  they always think theyve done no wrong yet know what they do is wrong  i found out the other day a couple live around me  if someone ever hurt one of my girls,so help me god,they wont have to ever worry bout registerin as a sex offender  sry,just been hearin alot bout perverts recently "
