2c1e181407da61531fb4441700f918f4
yay 2011 baby ya! time to kick it up a notch  wink 
school it sucks but sometimes i get a laugh out of it
so who had problems with there schedules lol??
oh my gosh i think i just passed the math part of compass im gonna be in math 0312 vale!!!!!!!!
finally i can almost breath from all the homework
hey its summer so i wont be checkin up on this probably till june but ya evry 2 wks for sure lol finals suck commended droools
days could be aduler nights could be longer i venture in love for whom a mystery yet very clear lol poetry post
days could be better nights could be longer i venture in love for who is a mystery but very clear in ways poetry post lol
waiting for my sunshine in the dark
gosh this has been killer i can kiss national honor society goodbye i dont think ill make the cut
gosh its been killer this week i can kiss nhs goodbye
lol ima scream lovin super freak my love comes out april 14th everywhere lol too bad i wont be 17 lol so i need me a chaperone to my r rated movie
missin someone special  smile 
now every febuary ull be my valentine?no regrets just love  
im so swamped with overload crap lol
oh gosh i stand so alone in my lil crush on <propmale> grint  smile  m g  how funny how true lol im joking but ya i love <propmale> and <propfirst> is <propfemale> mad lol  wink  jealous  smile 
im so swamped with overload crap lol
im still lovin <propmale> grint oh <propmale> weasley how hot u r lol my <propfirst> is jealous of u and is tryin to hide it but he knows i love him lol  wink 
thanks for all the gifts guys  have a great 2011! love  ur future  <propfemale> in the making  smile 
im poofed     surprise   poof!
\i'm missing you so much\,2c1e181407da61531fb4441700f918f4,k if u think someone is uber cute does that mean u like them? and if u really love someone how far is too far when it gets complicated? im just curious
love  smile  y cant u see i want it too  smile 
futuristic lover  smile  who could it be?
"i got whatever it is!!  love  - zac brown band fan lovin the band 2night and every other the concer rocked, play that fiddle son show that devil how its done!!  love   smile "
"im blueberry but its so pineapple cuz im not an engaged <propfemale> either, im a rasberry sometimes but id love to be a grape  smile  (read girls only message or post to decode) wink "
hey at least we won something  smile  next move :now to win his heart wit out stealing it  wink 
ahhhhh!i im so freakin psyched cant wait to see scream 4 its my luv dang  smile but i sooo dont wanna miss that baby hop movie aww hes to die 4 smile 
"guys look up the <propfemale> <propfirst> video \ e t\"" its awesome i luv the song but kanye messes it up in the remix  so ya check it out on youtube  wink """
"guys look up the <propfemale> <propfirst> video \ e t\"" its awesome i luv the song but kanye messes it up in the remix  so ya check it out on youtube  wink """
i rode that bull baby!!!  wink 
today wasnt the greatest  sad 
sigh i cant believe i wont be able to see it opening weekend ugh!! y me lol scream 4 ! im dying to see how it all goes down wit the new rules wit new times damn my favorite horror collection
im fucked up 4 life!!
im fucked up 4 life!!! sad 
"if any guy fucks me& cheats on me , ima pull a scream 4 move on their ass lol bullet to the crotch and the head lol  smile  scream 4 was bad ass i loved , <propfemale> roberts part was my fave  smile  just as good as the 1st  smile  yay im so happy  smile "
the songs true bout my fucked up life    who knew- pink
my script rocked! i got act 1 down yessss!!
if only u could see the hurt u put in me and the woman you've made of me   and not forget the times u made me blush and smile or how i made u laugh    i want this love so fuck all the haters who say i cant make a movie  smile 
"i want everything and anything but i won't take this-- i'll love u but i won't kill u , i won't make u stay , i'm not demanding u do, i'm wishing u would , hoping u could, but asking instead if the woman i am, the one u loved and shaped, is enough 4u afterall? even if i don't mind the wait and won't care if we date but of course u already know how i feel about that"
lol so who wants to take me to prom?  smile  dont matter what year lol
i wanna see ur peacock!!! - <propfemale> <propfirst> thank u <propfemale> for getting it in my head lol  smile 
you're a part lover and a full time friend                       the monkey on your back is the latest trend                  i don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you  smile  -juno
"go insane, go insane come on let me see them hanes!!  wink       this place about to blow!!!--->ke$ha"
