a543b6b2900271334ea3ad6a23139d81
"<propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett, hmm, me thinks plastic surgery doesn't sound like such a good idear"
what an awesome weekend  simply bad ass!!!!
"master's degree graduate, bitches!"
"pain heals, chicks dig scars, <propfemale> lives forever"
i'll fix the pics later  i know a lot of em are sideways and it's driving me nuts
is it over yet?
"i am here but not here  i am there but not there  therefore, i am real but not real, which makes me surreal  confusing, and yet it makes perfect sense"
"i'm still up! whose with me? huh? anyone? okay, looks like it's just me"
"tso was awesome once again  long drive though, think i'm going to call it a night early for once  damn good time, looking forward to going again"
"bah! humbug! bah, i say, bahhh smile  and a happy new year "
"where are all the new year's <propfemale> parties? back in the day it was all parties at people's houses  now, some moron drives people to and from bars  bars, seriuosly, this is supposed to be more fun than a house party? obviously people don't know how to throw parties anymore   sad "
"lookin for a cheap relieable car  don't care if it looks like crap, but would like it to be at least a little quiet  something that would last less than a year  any suggestions?????????"
"first week at state street, and i gotta say, this kicks walgreens ass  no more crooked ass pharmacy  no more selling people drugs they don't need  no more xanaxless assholes ripping me a new one  my degree finally did something right for  on top of that, got me a decently nice grand prix  just keeping my fingers crossed as far as the motor goes, everything else will work itself out "
"and finally to top it all off, should be moving to lees summit by early march  now, if i can work my way out of debt, this life just may not be that bad after all"
"do you ever feel like you see the right direction, you're moving in that direction, you can look back at where you came from, and that even with all this knowledge, be completely lost? why is it that i can see the good things ahead but still be asking why i should do them? these are the daily thoughts that run through my head  i seriously need something to occupy my mind   "
"i want to run my head either into or through a wall  no reason, just feel like it  it's just one of those lives, cause i don't have just days like these smile "
"ok, this is aimed mainly at my close friends, but, i need to pick up an engine in kc on tuesday sometime before 5 o'clock  looking for a truck mainly  if you can help, please call me at 816-914-3995 sometime today "
i wish this year would hurry up and get over with!
"i'm so wild, they think i'm crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"4 day weekend! whoop, whoop!!"
"i have come to the conclusion that i am doomed  from what you ask? everything  the sad part  i actually think i'm alright with that  a doomed me is still better off than half of the world's population  i almost wish my life was harder so that i'd appreciate the small things more  but then again, i'd actually have to e playful erience the small things first to enjoy them  and you don't get those when you're doomed  oh well "
"can somebody come off as being crazy but not psychotic? can one strike fear and respect into people at the same time even though they are mutually exclusive? is it possible for people to understand what a person is saying without believing it? can people see something from another perspective? for 99 99999% of people the answer to all these questions is no  for me, i believe yes, but then again, i'm a dying breed "
"and so another long journey in life has ended at the same time a new one has began  wish me luck, because this next road is very bumpy"
"i'm deleting my account  it's nice to catch up with people i will never see, but think facebook has taken the place of hanging out with friends and that is pathetic  on top of that, facebook comes out every year and makes some stupid ass application that serves 2 purposes "
"for examples: places  this allows you to see where your friends are and allows marketing companies to know exactly where you are and allows burglars to know when you left your house  but i bet a ton of the stupid people just love that app, well i hope you get robbed  i tired of the dumbing down of <propfemale> and facebook contributes to that as much as anybody "
"i will be off by monday  if you need to contact me, you can either use tcchastain@statestreet com (work) or mrchastain@hotmail com (home) \\to everyone: good luck, god bless and may everyone open their eyes to the destruction of <propfemale> by our corrupt as hell political system!"
"is sick and tired of all the shit, of all the people and of all the damn drama in life "
how in the hell do you delete an app?
"is anyone handy with removing cd players (in tact) from a car let me know  i have an old worthless car, but a fine working cd player i don't want to lose out on  so, if you know something or anyone who is handy with that kinda crap, shoot me a message please  thanks!"
"if your dad was a hard working man, your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or is just the best dad ever  if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status & let everyone know you are proud of your dad, and that you love him dearly  you can replace a lot of people in your life but you only have one dad!"
"just putting this out there, but is anybody else planning on being down in westoport on thursday? and if so, what time?"
