137f339203432a866654f478d7d79c55
hell yea buckeyes!!!
<propfemale>!!! fuck yea!!! comin again to save the motherfuckin day-yea
football time!!!! two days!!!!!
stoked for football!!! but   where did the damn summer go?
lets go browns!!!
lots of work     
thanks for all the birthday wishes
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
fuck yea browns!!!!!!!
fuck finals!!!!
played basketball today and dunked the ball for the 1st time    almost broke the rim
packin the back to school
back at school    odd its like i never even left in the first place
hmmmm          
october 15th is the release of jackass 3       can't wait
whoever keyed my car can go fuck off
good times!!!
done!!!!!!!!
in acapulco for the week!!!
back in the states!!! good to be home but god damn    what an awesome week 
holy mole   what an awesome week!!!!!!
movin in a week!?!?!? where did the damn summer go
work til' 9     get at the cell
      
inception is the best fucking movie on the damn planet     it literally mind fucked me!!!!
"\dream as if you'll live forever  live as if you'll die today!\"""""
workin out
gettin some studyin done
studyin
goin to bed    7am tee time  what the hell am i thinking
gra lab practical #2     then out for the night
"here we go brownies, here we go!!! woof!!! woof!!!!!"
just got the white coat!!! so freakin cool!!! time to go celebrate!!
hasselhoff roast
last lecture of the day    then study time!!!
chill mode
reading then bed!! hooray for sleep in wednesday!!!
time for gra
hooray weekend!!!!!
time for a little sand volleyball!!!!
puttin in a hard week    but i will reward myself with white water rafting!!!!!!!
          
meh    
needs friday        back for another night of studying anatomy
last day in gra lab for a while
hmmmm     
white water rafting!!!!!
had the best weekend ever!!!!
reading and omm review
and it begins!!!!! go bucks!!!!
first day of the rest of our lives!!!
waka flocka flame!!!!!!
and the saga continues
just found out that his tickets for saturday's game have fallen through!!!! this freakin sucks ass!!!!
come on <propfirst> breeze get me some points
studyin
dammit browns
more study time    
readin'
damn nature   u scary
and bed time
damn nature   u scary
go buckeyes!!!!!!!
power to the pau pau
power to the paw paw
mad at all quarterbacks in the nfl     throw to my damn players!!!!!
bed time    dammit fantasy football
watch out for team dnr in flag football!!!! its on startin tonight!!!
"heading down south to the land of the pines\i'm thumbing my way into north caroline\staring up the road and pray to god i see headlights\i made it up the coast in seventeen hours\picking me a bouquet of dogwood flowers\and i'm hoping for <propmale>, i can see my baby tonight!"
nap and physiology
omm
gra studies     cbl case      
just learned how to play wagon wheel     life is complete
fuckin a
and back to the studies
gra lab and studyin
bed    lecture    cce    weekend!!!!
attending to my studies
best football team in ohio!!!!! believeland!!!!!
order of best ohio pro football teams        1 ) browns  2 ) buckeyes  3 ) mt  union 4 ) bengals
ne1 wanna practice some omm??
and that'll do it for the evening
mock practical then study time!!!
chill mode for the evening
quick nap then study time!!!
time to study     anatomy and histo    here i come
thumbs up lets do this!!!!!!
1 for 1     bring it on hell week
t-minus 5 hours til' 3 for 3
3 for 3
bed
quick lil' break then full speed ahead for 48 hours!!!!!
crashin     
crashin      
hell week = dominated!!!!!!!!!!!!
celebration!!!!!
meh     
hmmm     
impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to e playful lore the power they have to change it  impossible is not a fact  it's an opinion  impossible is not a declaration  it's a dare  impossible is potential  impossible is temporary impossible is nothing 
only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even 
attending to the blood block
blood     u confuse me
build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points 
thank you browns!!! you have made my day good!!!!
really needs focus
the man who knows how to lead one of his brothers towards what he has known may one day be saved by that very brother 
"everyperson has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  iknow that 97% of you will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or    are   still fighting it"
school stuff     
lifes a garden dig it
"if winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?"
"my boy <propfirst> <propfirst> is in town, you know ou halloween is about to be fun"
hmmmmm
crashin then to the grind tomorrow
you know things in life are interesting when ur praying for a weekend to be over so you can just get a test over with
and done    
gonna be joining my fellow browns in the dawg pound for the nov  28th clash with the panthers!!!
passed blood block!!!!
i am sad now
more work    home in 2 days
church then studyin'
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!!
go bucks!!!
go cavs!!!!!
hoooray!!! back to studying
"talk to you soon   good skill, there's no such thing as luck -my skillful lawyer friend"
thumbs up lets do this!!!!
beer    why thank you don't mind if i do
"quarter 1 of medschool = complete\celebration = ensuing!!!"
gets to go home soon!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone
do it to it bucks!!!
time for the long afternoon
o-h-i-o    dodged a bullet   bringing back the trophy
doin stuff and things
so apparently i'm now a libra    wtf!?!?!?!
lookin at pictures on slides and stuff
"new season of \archer\"" starts tonight"""
"pathos, piety, courage,—they exist, but are identical, and so is filth  everything exists, nothing has value \\-e  m  forster"
damn cv    u scary
test 1 down     back to the books
i like it when spring starts in february
come on buckeyes    for real
