dc086baf9c114dde15608ac389163e7e
work work work work  sad 
is so very very mad about how her soccer game ended last night!!!! ugh!!!
why is everyone and their dog getting married?????
is officially on a dry spell       
is dancing at a luau for the <propfemale> workers!  does this mean i will get extra blessings? wink 
just saw the movie up! love it!!!
is dancing at yet another luau tonight!!
drove to malad idaho and back today!
wants to get back into her bed! monday ugh!!
6 more weeks!!!
is going crazy and needs a change!!!!!!!
today was one of the worst days of my life!
brand new phone and camera were murdered by the great salt lake  sad   sad sad day!!!
is tired of not having a phone!!!! im going crazy!
cant wait for the mail to come tomorrow!!!!!!!!
is waiting for the mail to come!!
hmmm i have tomorrow off!!! i dont know what to do with myself?????
is going to the dam tomorrow woo hoo!!!!!!!!
work and then dam yay!!!!!
just watched her dad kill 15 little moths with his finger!!! eeeewwwww!!!
has to work 10 hours today  sad  ugh!!
ice age 3 in 3d oh ya!!!
ah interview in <propfirst> on tuesday ah im scared!!!!!!
wants to be outside but has to go to work  sad 
needs something to do today!!!
is going boating!!!!
new shoes came today!!!!!
soccer game tonight !!!!!!!!
secondhand serenade and we shot the <propfemale> saturday!! oh yeah!!!!!
real game tomorrow night!!!!!! woo hooo!!!
real tonight!!!!!!
secondhand serenade tonight!!!!
single file and we shot the <propfemale> and parachute and secondhand serenade played an amazing show last night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
after work      bear lake here i come!!!!!
bear lake wooooo hooooo!!!!!
                                                    
only 2 more weeks baby!!!!!!
soccer game tonight!!!!!!!
wants to cry  sad 
is so very very excited to see <propfemale> tomorrow!!! it has been 18 long long long days      
9 more dayz!!!!!!!!!!!
6!!!!!!
4 more days!!!!  smile 
is about to drive all the way up to bear lake to teach a hula class      
has way too much to do and zero time to do it! all i want to do is play! i hate packing!!!
can't sleep! ugh!
hates packing! does anyone want to just do it for me???
officially lives in <propfirst>!
needs a job!
hello swimming pool!!!!!
ummm so the 80's dance was freaking awesome!
class until 9 smile 0 then hello country dancing!!!!!!
homework ugh!!!!
friday!!!!!!
yay for soccer!!!
got the job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sister is engaged!
may need a hug 
soccer game today man im gettin too old for this      
wants it to be friday!!!
is thinking its dinner time!
today is going to be long    
camping tomorrow baby!!!
is super super super tired!!!!!
is dying her hair this week whoo hoo!!!!
needs something to do tonight
had a crappy crappy night       
just had a freaking awesome dance party with her roomates in the living room!!!
thinks that if you do not have a cell phone or are in need of an upgrade you should come see me at the mall in the t-mobile kiosk to buy a new phone ha ha ha  smile 
is about to head back up to <propfirst>!
wants to sleep for a long long long long long time!
soccer game today!!!!! yay!!!!
had a really rough night last night 
decided to get back into shape! no more being lazy and eating junk!!!
gets to go home for tonight!  smile 
has a really bad cold! somebody kill me please! just put me out of my misery    
needs a good cuddle!
overdid it at the gym and is now in pain!
yay for night hikes and glow sticks and scary caves and ghost stories i almost peed my pants last night!!!
is actually going to the library to study someone please take a picture so i have proof i went!!!
off to the gym to die again haha
and here goes another day       
tired
rsl i love you!!!!!
is missing hawaiian dancing real real bad right now  sad 
could really use some cheering up!
is having a hard time wanting to walk to the gym its cold and snowing out there!! ok here it goes       
gym= painful today!
needs hug
wants to go to the gym really really bad
off to the gym then christmas shopping!
gym again today whoo hoo!
is way sad  sad 
just went to the play    a christmas <propfirst> with the fam it was awesome!!!!
so im pretty sure i am the only one left in <propfirst>      i am sooooo bored!!!!!!!!!!!! somebody please just put me out of my misery!!!
"i was told by one of my favorite people in this world today: \don't limit your challenges; challenge your limits\"""""
lava here i come!
7 more days till vegas!!!!
5 more days baby!!!
pink
is missing the old days!
just got back from vegas and is exhausted!
is pretty sure that dynamic fitness and country swing classes are going to murder me! super fun but super soar!!!
gym=pain
loves cookies!!!! yum!
is sick of being sick and wants to get back to the gym it's been an entire freaking week    i feel like a whale!!!!!!
yay for going to the gym!!!! oh how i have missed you!
just went to her sisters bridal shower! one month from today!! i will miss her  sad 
can't wait for spring break and is stoked for the trip!!!!
needs something happy to happen soon im going crazy!!!
gets to go home for a bit tomorrow! yay!
 sad  <propfemale> is leaving me tomorrow  sad  who wants to come have sleepovers so i don't get too lonely???????
moab wooo hoooo i can't wait till thursday!!!!!
has a sore throat from hell  sad 
need a cuddle <propmale>!
congrats <propfemale> and <propmale>!!! i love you guys!!!!
i miss <propfemale>  sad 
i love lil' <propmale>!
hello wonderful hot pots oh how i have missed you!
hot pots done me good tonight
school+gym+work+school+gym+work  bored      is anything exciting ever going to happen???
ahhh it is beautiful outside today!! i just saw a duck!! i love ducks!! well duck ponds and feedin em!
just had the most yummiest raspberry spinach salad!
is bored and needs something to do
wants to go roller bladin!!!
ugh!
yuck! im old!!!!
holy poop rehearsal was like 5 hours long and i am still nervous for tonight!!!
yay!!!! i survived!!!!
real tonight!! yay!!
i start anatomy today ahhhh scary!!!!
i miss my fam!  sad 
has a sliver in her finger and can't get it out  sad 
yay for getting back to the gym today!! oh how i have missed it 
is stoked to <propfemale> out with her way freaking awesome amazing brother tomorrow!!!
had a tick on my freaking calf today sick!!!!! i almost died!!!!
the a-team was awesome!!
wow interesting night    lunch meat   burnt cookies    cheesecake   rice&tuna hahaha
real tonight! woo hoo!
real was way fun last night! it was good to <propfemale> out with the family this week! went to church today felt great to be back overall i would say this weekend was awesome!!!!
woo hooo dinner with my bro tonight!!
may possibly be doing something insane on july 30th!
real here i come!! ha
is officially an adult!! i bought a couch and a large chair today haha hey thats what grown ups do!!!
totally did 20 <propmale> today! oh yeah! maybe someday i can go as far as my dad!
is super tired and needs a cuddle <propmale>! not a good combo!!
i just saw a shooting <propfemale> and yes you guessed it i made a wish!
is so so so so excited to see <propfemale>!!!!!
hello wave runners!!!
is super sad and may be in need of a huge bear hug     <propfemale> left me today  sad 
i have a whole flock of butterflies in my tummy      
hello beautiful water and rays of sunshine in 7 hours!!!
yay for finally being done moving into my new place!
sitting in the vegas airport and im bored!
now the atlanta airport     and holy crap those eggs and sausage and french toast sooo not work 10 freaking dollars!!!
"has had an amazing day! spent the day on the beach in north <propfemale>, did some boogie boardin and caught some lil fishys  smile  i am so happy to finally be hanging out with <propfemale> and <propmale> again  smile "
i think today should be a duck day!
wants to go fishing!
loves loves loves hula!!!
hot tubbin and pizza woot woot!!
having my sister live so freaking far away sucks bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i made friends with a pigeon today!
gets to go to the zoo today yay!!!
really really misses <propmale> and is super stoked to see <propfemale> woo hoo!
does anyone know of any girls looking for an apartment? we had a room open up and we need to fill it   
i love <propmale>  smile  he just came to my work to show me his new moves from his western swing class  <propfemale> cute!
