98577591e11c6181621184a13f13517a
thanks for all the birthday wishes! it was a wonderful day!
thinks its way more fun to watch her little brother watch football than to watch football herself 
is thinking that texas is unbelievably hot  not warm  hot!!!
"just finished handing out 2,000 flyers in the blistering heat of fort worth, tx"
loved up!
is unbelievably tired 
just purchased $160 round trip tickets to nyc  woot woot!
is eating baskin robbins  yay for dollar scoop night!
is at home  *sigh*
is studying for the gre  it sucks 
needs everybody to pray really hard from noon to four today because she's taking the gre!
is officially a gre master! not! but i am done 
got her hair cut
is trying to think of a strong enough verb to describe her feelings 
the graduate school search is kicking her butt 
is at home!!! life is good 
would like to know: what is your favorite work of shakespeare's?
now officially has 7 pieces ready for competition     almost    kinda    maybe    i'll let you know   
really enjoys that two events just got cancelled so that students could go watch the vikings game tonight   priorities people!
is happy about the overall outcome of the evening  nice job vikes!
tiotiotiotinx!
had a long but successful day! she's so proud of her speechies!
is in nyc!!!!
has had the canal strret e playful erience and has loved it 
"would like to say that she is still in nyc!!! (very happy to not go to class today, very sad because she'll being going tomorrow   )"
officially loved cuny! grad school??? good <propmale>!
"broke all of her speech pieces    oh yeah, and she got first in three events!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!"
is in shock      she honestly cannot believe that this is happening!
may be a bad person     but she finds absolute joy in peopleofwalmart com
"has learned a valuable lesson: in a pinch, a hair straightener can double as an iron  who know?"
is in <propfemale>!!!
"just sang her little niece to sleep   best part of <propfemale>, bar none "
is starting her paper right     now 
<propfemale> six and counting   
8 5 pages       so close!!!
is done  on to the next ten pager   
has been traumatized by <propfirst> lambert    what were you thinking?
honestly does not know how she is ever going to make it through this week 
is procrastinating by going swing dancing    its been a while since i've done that!
"the other day i learned that if you say 'beer can' with an english accent, you're saying 'bacon' with a jamaican accent  mind blown  mlia"
"today, my friend e playful lained to me that if you write 3 14 on a piece of paper and hold it in front of a mirror it looks like pie  mind  blown  mlia"
honestly sometimes i astonish myself  ten pages   nine hours  its been a good night morning   
"\also alcohol is good    in moderation \"" -<propmale> lundsten"""
is in shock!!!! i love snow!!!!
just found out that her gre scores were sent to the wrong institution  fml 
thinks that it has been a good semester    and is glad that it is almost over 
"is laying in bed with the sun streaming through her window, toasty warm    really nothing could be better   "
aced her american revolution final!!!!! woot woot!!
ready to skype the nieces and nephews!
has discovered the joy of cooking! thanks <propfemale> rombauer!
is very lucky so have such wonderful friends!
loves <propfirst> starkey 
"has had a wonderfully relaxing vacation and is, surprisingly enough, almost ready for school! and she has only two grad school applications left to finish  (score!)"
just made her own curry  smells amazing 
is exhausted  example of this exhaustion: couldn't remember the name of <propfirst> locke     
had an excellent time
: dishes washed? check  room clean? check  shower? check    now what?
thinks that blizzards are no fun  unless there is no school tomorrow  then i love blizzards!
would like to welcome baby <propmale> to the world!
has conquered tcfl  get excited 
just got back from a 15 hour day at school  pretty sure my mind shut off around two hours ago 
doesn't have school tomorrow because    she doesn't  it would be fabulously lame if school was cancelled 
thinks that the day has been quite long 
movie at the beacon   and ice cream  its been a good night!
already misses her roomies   
has nothing to do tonight  suuuuper bored!
is at home  it feels awesome!
thinks the olympics are pretty cool! also dangerous   
loves the office 
has a small sore throat which would be fine except that its tech week  stink 
is awkward  oh well!
had a wonderful time with her friends from the beacon!!! good progression 
is not going to be able to sit still at all today  i'm too excited nervous!!!
has progressed from nervous to terrified and is waiting for excited to appear   
thinks that it is a good day!
is excited to see <propfemale> sing tomorrow!
is so proud of her speechies!!!
thinks ice dancing is slightly awesome  totally against her will 
"does anyone know what the term \trondhjem borgerskole\"" means  it is in connection to some type of norwegian school """
officailly just geeked out  yay for i  blakkan!
is excited for <propfemale>!!! you should be too  get excited about it!!!
last day of <propfemale>! it has been wonderful!
thinks that <propfemale> was awesome  now on to nationals! go nccfi!!!
is in ohio!!
has been rejected by two graduate schools and is beginning to feel nervous 
is proud of her team: 3rd overall in the small school division! woot woot!
is at home in rochester again  finally!
chillin' at home   *sigh*    good times
"been accepted at marquette graduate school, sans financial aid  but still!!!"
is overwhelmed  i don't really even know where to start   
thinks that this day needs to end    
has screamed for the second time today! soooooooo excited!!!!!
loves the sunshine in her window but wishes that it was slightly warmer! spring please come soon!
has painted her toenails  that means that it's officially spring!!! rejoice!!!
is fairly certain the physics is the bane of her life  curse you centripetal force!
: the ballots are in and i am officially going to      wait for it    marquette!!! anyone in milwaukee need a roommate?
is exhausted   
and her little brother built a pretty epic bonfire tonight  just sayin'
: he is risen! death has lost its sting forever!
watching ferris bueller with her parents   who have never seen it before  so excited!
is done with her first essay! woot woot! now on to <propfirst> two and three   
is on essay number 3! i'm going to make it!
has 8 pages done of her senior thesis  almost half-way there!
"12 pages, 72 footnotes and 4 hours  all solid <propfirst> "
"15 pages, 89 footnotes, two hours  i have been productive!"
is having kind of a bad day  i hate clouds 
: <propfemale> speech team home concert 7 pm  be there of be square  this means you <propfemale> becker!
had a wonderful nap! would that she could nap every day  *sigh*
tgif!!!! really glad this week is over!
"dear aldi, i love you  you are my new favorite place to shop  you even beat old navy  sincerely, <propfemale>"
is listening to music with <propfemale> otremba while <propfemale> petermann cringes     yup just another day in our house   smile 
is under alot of stress at the moment 
is done with her first draft of her senior thesis! it stinks but its done!
thinks that the speech team party was epic  after party? even more epic!
: cebuuuuu!!! sing it with me! cebuuuuu! (i love my veggie tales!)
is done writing her senior thesis! rejoice!
anybody have room for two girls this summer?
just handed in her senior thesis!!!!
is going to write a book  maybe    
just woke up  yup! it's a good day!
just got a super awesome job but is still looking for a place to live this summer   
is proud of her baby birrrrd! yay <propfemale> skaaland! i miss you already!
is industriously avoiding her take home test 
"<propfemale> petermann, what are you sinking about?"
is done  all i have left to do is graduate  whoa! mind  blown 
is done  i cannot believe it  i have nothing to do  holy buckets 
   its a beautiful day to graduate!
is like a cylinder  graduated 
is quasi-moved into her new apartment 
has a new favorite book!
:good thing <propfemale> and i live in a cave  otherwise i'd be hot right now!
": nine hour overnight shift at walmart, hour and a half nap, six hour shift at the hubbard house, four hour nap, repeat  what was i thinking???"
doesn't know what to say 
": dear walmart, i hate you  thanks for the money  sincerely, me "
's phone is dead 
"had a wooooonderful day today  start to finish, fantastic!"
is enjoying a short stint at home before heading off the nyc!!! woooohooooo!
is 'bout to rock the staten island ferry!
"shook hands with <propmale> roker, <propfemale> viera, <propmale> lauer and    wait for it     zac efron  no bigs  suuuuper excited for <propfirst> island though!"
": dear nyc, it's been fun but the minnesota weather will be very much welcome "
back in mn and looooving the weather
l
has amazing friends!
lost 5 inches    woot woot!
is mourning the loss of her favorite purse to the blue earth river  goodbye old friend!
got her diploma! finally!
is freaking out about graduate school 
is having a tough time seeing the light at the end of the tunnel  is it even there anymore?
enjoyed seeing her long lost friends!
had a wonderful day    could almost say the best day ever  smile 
is reflecting on the state of her life  <propfemale> friends going back to school while i am not   it feels odd 
has conquered her first graduate class with a pen traveling at the speed of light and a syllabus that is 18 pages long  yessssss!
is so excited!!!!!
is wondering if it's weird that she still uses <propfemale>'s jstor account because she doesn't understand marquette's yet  thanks <propfemale> for letting me do that!  playful 
misses her friends    alot    
only has 200 more pages to read   in the next 4 hours 
would appreciate it if life could just be calm for a while  just for a little while     
is really exhausted   and never wants to read again  ever  or at least until tomorrow 
i like it on the floor by my bed 
changed a tire all by herself!
is happy because she doesn't have midterms!!!
breeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaak!!!!
is in 'kato again!
had the best weekend ever!!!!
is so very proud of her speechies!!!
": with the help of <propfirst> brown and <propfirst> edwards, 10 pages in 10 hours     means that i should finish right on time"
20 pages in 24 hours     it was rough   
has a hero    (you know who you are  wink  )
is done and home safe!!!
is home for christmas!
has a date with <propmale> bailyn  how you doin?
"someday we will defeat the white witch, aslan will come and winter will end    someday  can that day be today?"
"likes to pretend she's a spy when she uses the \incognito window\"" on google chrome     call me bond  <propfemale> bond """
