b7da46991c86074dcbc7c00f0d9e38b3
happy new years!
root canels are srs business 
"random employee trips over emberstorm server cluster, repairs on the cardboard casing being repaired asap"
sittin' on mah chair frowning at mah drawing pad!
"if yesterday was two days ago tomorrow, will the day after tomorrow be today or yesterday?"
freshly cleaned sheets are awesome 
"feelin' kinda down, but has some happy powermetal on and will hopefully be able to talk to someone amazing today so woo   laugh "
*hugs* for all his friends 
enjoying a glass of cold milk and 2 home made chocolate chip cookies!  laugh 
woke up really early and can't go back to sleep!
someone got me to listen to 2 great classical peices and now i can't stop listening to them t t
"you wanna hurt me? go right ahead if it makes you feel any better  i'm \an easy target  yeah, you're right, i talk too much  i also listen too \much  i could be a cold-hearted cynic like you   but i don't like to \hurt people's feelings  well, you think what you want about me; i'm not \changing  i like   i like me  my girlfriend likes me  my friends like me  \'cause i'm the real article  what you see is what you get "
had an awesome dream last night where i was with someone very special watching the stars under a full <propfemale>  then i had to wake up  crying 
is now addicted to burning incense 
"hot shower, classical music, incense, win!"
"treat others how you would like to be treated, worry not of what you will get in return "
"your mother was a hamster, and your father smells of elderberries!"
wouldn't it be strange if a baud man walked up to you smiling with a huge grin asking you if you can rub his head? i really gotta stop with the random thoughts!
"so for now, wave goodbye, and leave your hands held high, hear this song of courage long into the night, and the wind will bear my cry for all who hope to fly, hear this song of courage ride into the night "
"top ramen, the breakfast snack lunch dinner of champions!"
maybe starting back on 25 lb bicep curls after not working out in a while wasn't the best idea  -_-
had an amazing night yesterday and a great day today!  laugh 
"spent all night talking with my amazing girlfriend, and going to see a great concert today i am feeling great!  laugh "
i don't think it's ever been over 110 out here before!  laugh 
wishes it was december already 
just realized that chef's must hold some kind of amazing power if they wear a hat that looks similar to a nuclear detonation cloud 
blizzcon 2010 was amazing!
"change your pofile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to notsee a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join thefight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same!"
3 days   laugh 
"everything is going great in florida, sorry to all of those i did not get to wish a <propfemale> christmas to how all is well with everyone   laugh "
had an amazing time in florida with my beautiful angel and her family   smile 
passed his written drivers test!
"had a great time with <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and my brother zach at a bbq that was hosted today! also spent some time beforehand playing some mtg at geeks "
traveled to the dreaded starbucks last night *shivers* then went to see tron with my brother and cousin afterwords!
just finished watching the notebook with my girlfriend  wow that movie is powerful  :'|
"*drunken male dwarf to sober woman dwarf* \so  hehe what are you doin' tonight?\"" \""sleeping      alone       with a knife under my pillow\"" \""hot\"""""
"just completed dragon age 2, epic game   laugh "
"can't wait for wrestlemainia tomorrow, rock is back and on top of that he's going to beat cena to the ground!"
