270cc44ae98b9bf19a0cbeacaba92252
"heading to the kitchen to make some yummies, and then sitting down to watch a whole lot of <propfemale> bergman movies, with a few <propfirst> <propmale> ones stuck in for good measure  (nothing like good old movies to start out the new year, eh?)  laugh  happy new year everyone!!! many, many blessings!"
"just got home from dinner out with some friends--- before that, brunch with some other friends    i'm sooo tired of laughing- i think i spent just about six hours in laughter, and besides that, just endless giggles  happy new year everyone, from one *very* tired nut  how was your first day of 2010?"
company over for dinner tonight    my social calender has been non-stop for the past week- no rest for the wicked i guess  lol
"i made bread, did the laundry, and cleaned the floors  aren't i just the perfect little housewife   playful  only the 'wife' part is missing  ah well  good day so far!  smile "
"making our old family recipe of borscht for dinner, made another batch of bread, and have to start on the iced dessert     playful  then i have to clean the house up, and iron a tablecloth! company coming for dinner! very good day so far   laugh  hope everyone else is having a good one!  smile "
"i haven't been here in a while   lol i need to be more regular in getting on! today my computer crashed, and i lost a whole host of e-mails ready to send   sad  *rips hair out* prayers needed for a friend of mine on another note "
"cleaning house today, and planning for the feast of trumpets!  laugh  fun, fun, fun!"
"slept in way too late, and worked far too hard yesterday writing  yo ho ho, a writers life for me  <propfemale>'s doing a little better now, by the way, her fever's down! let's all pray her into impeccable health "
beating her brain for a reason to sit down and work on her book again    chapter 14 isn't moving  nuada baldur is a pain  too arrogant of a character for his own good  aidan moore isn't helping the situation either  men  *rolls eyes*
"is singing songs from fiddler on the roof as she goes about her morning work  working with eben this afternoon  finally got lil stallion-in-training, javelin, to lead  whoot! my ribs still hurt where he kicked last training session   playful "
heading out 
"reading, writing and vegetating in the warm house, on the comfy couch for the whole weekend  (no work this weekend! yay!) i'm sorry i wasn't on im last night, jem  it was too late after we finished dinner and the movie to get on   sad  *hugs*"
writing on tr v 2 today   very behind  ribs still hurt like heck  dratted stallion-wanna-be  *contemplates the ingredients of glue*
moving my bedroom today (had been most of yesterday into the late night )-- this move is a late 'hafty-birthday' gift from mum and dad! maybe i will post a few pictures when it's done   laugh 
"gonna get those pictures of my awesome new 'apartment' as everyone asked, but i haven't finished the move yet, so maybe tomorrow   playful  almost there though! oh and obviously much against the flow- i'm not sick (i've been a good girl though, and taken all my herbal medicines *smirks wink   i am praying for everyone who is though   annoyed "
"must work on my book today- v 2 just isn't going as well as i had hoped- but it's all my lack of perseverance  i shall reform  i need some cheerleaders though, *hands out the pom-poms* wink "
"went shopping yesterday- i was gone till after 11 o'clock, almost turned into a pumpkin   playful  will work on v 2 today through drowsy haze  finishing chapter four, here i come!!!"
"we had one of the oddest 'internet blackouts' ever  we couldn't access any of our online accounts, all at the same time no less  lasted for about nine and a half hours  anyone else notice anything? i'm wondering if it was just this part of the country, or perhaps it was national?"
"is almost finished with the new years newsletter for mum and dad to mail out to all their friends   playful  i'm tired of using my touch-pad on my laptop instead of a mouse! i am all thumbs (haha) with it! its really hard to do graphic design without a mouse, believe me   playful "
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than one word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    smile 
heading into town for our monthly grocery shopping     playful  i need some wake-up juice  hmm    and why has lambchop's theme song been playing in my head all morning?
everyone play the game by answering this question: what color are my eyes? (no fair peeking at the profile picture)  smile  now copy and paste this to your status  you'll be surprised at how difficult it is for people to remember eye color!
"i'm writing on vol  2 again- after a long time of writers block  i've got a paragraph in three hours    i'm thinking that isn't all that great, but compared to none in months    well     playful "
"working on house work, and then writing tonight   laugh  happy me!"
"will be away at a retreat over the weekend (leaving tomorrow, must pack and get ready tonight) ---  love  love you all, and i will be back soon   laugh  *hugs* to you all!"
"came home a day early from the retreat, and immediately got the worst flu ever  *cries* anyone else ever feel like their brain was melting?"
"movie night with mommy and me  dad will probably come in too, but later  <propfirst> and <propfemale> line up, and then 'the mummy'  laugh   laugh   laugh  any like-minded peeps?"
"i finished sewing my first corset     *whew* i am alive  i lived to tell about it  it turned out well, just a bit too big  i'll get a picture (of the corset) later   laugh  not bad for my second clothing project ever "
"has that depressed feeling one gets when they get their bank statement and their account has less in it at the end of the month, than at the beginning  kind of like being out of nutella "
"getting ready for a visit from some old friends of my dad's    first time i'll meet them! first visit with us in 28-29 years! must dust the living room, and clean up the house   smile  thinking of everyone while i work though!"
"has a horrible flu - is miserable - will no doubt soon die of boredom and self pity  (i know, i need to go off those drama pills  but they are so addictive ) is going to bed now  goodnight, peeps "
thinks there should a 'dislike' button for we contrary (or better-informed) peeps  barack obama's <propfemale> keeps coming up as a suggestion  *smirks evilly*
"hasn't been keeping up on fb enough- and seriously doubts that will change very much in the next few weeks    but then, who knows, right? remembering to sign in would be a step in the right direction, though "
"unloading hay    *yo, ho, ho    a rancher's life for me*"
going to load more hay    then unload it  again  hay scratches  life is beautiful 
was sick    iz better  now i need to catch up on everything that's been happening for the past week and a half 
"i have come down with a case of mono   annoyed  that's what i get for kissing all those sailors, right? it's not called the 'kissing disease' for nothing  * snickers * (and, apparently i only post here when i'm sick ) \*disclaimer* i haven't *actually* kissed any sailors  ;p ('cept my gramps )"
thank you all sooooo much for the loving birthday wishes   laugh  i had a great day    one i shall not soon forget   love   love   love   love   love  *hugs everyone*
