fe9ec4546594846a792deec495c8d561
happy new years!  surprise 
"i have no idea how to work this place, on my n00b status right now  haha!  surprise "
"i'm on my new york ish, i think i'm hot son  fxckin' awesome!"
almond crush pocky and ramune for breakfast   livin the life  lol
naps are good lol 
iced coffeeeeeeeee! love 
i want to keep you as my pet to play with and hide under my bed    foreverrr love 
"all the love in the world can't be gone, all the need to be loved can't be wrong  all the records are playing and my heart keeps saying boogie wonderland!"
let's freakin lose it; get outta your mind!!!!!!!!!!!
why does it seem everyone with a penis seems to be a bit loopy nowadays   i blaim bp   laugh 
"<propmale> divine miller is my hubby, lol  love "
clickety-clack!!!!!!!!!
i loves me some thunder and lightning 
"they say bad things happen for a reason, but no wise words gonna stop the bleeding  love "
"just got home from takin my mother to the hospital, she's better though  got her medicine and she's gonna chill at home for a few days "
"gonna go prowl the mall with the bestie  lol, bbl"
i love the rain   just not when it ruins my hair 
"my laptop is being raggedy, i'm out for now  > annoyed "
just finished cleaning my room   after 3 hours!!!!!!! o:
"it's either get down, or lay down  so   what's it gonna be sunshine?"
"just got back in from chillin with my white boyz, haha "
"don't be jealous of my boogie! you can say are not, but i always see you lookin'~ ;o"
"are you hungry for wonderful, cuz i am "
"my older bruh bruh is gonna be here in a few hours from <propfemale>, yay?  confidential "
"if it ain't broke don't break it, and if he ain't shook i'mma shake him!"
"you're my object of affection, my drug of choice, my sick obsession  i want to keep you as my pet to play with and hide under my bed   forever love    happy 4th!"
never gonna get to sleep with all these effin' e playful losions going on outside  lol
i'mma miss the pitter-patter of little feet around here    annoyed 
"now all these bxtches wanna try and be my bestie, but i take a left and leave 'em hangin' like a teste! o:"
sweet and sour twizzlers are the jumpoff!
"lol, you guys are wild love "
"why am i fighting to live, if i'm just living to fight?\why am i try to see, when there ain't nothing in sight?\why am i trying to give, when no one gives me a try?\why am i dying to live if i'm just living to die?"
gonna go make dinner for my besties love 
"yeah soooooo, i'm over at jalissa's house   enough said  lol"
"today was marvelous   haha, riiiiight "
"i'ma beast, you a pet  ;o"
"i wore my hair bow today and it made me feel good, don't know why but it did! lol love "
"bad enough people you thought were close to you knock you down, but when your family treats you like shit   fucked up  "
"you should comment my picture   you know  with the bow, and the pinkness, lol "
"my moms really need to fall back right now, past midnight she yellin' at me to make kool-aid   sickening   lol go to beeeeeed!"
"people always want to go on about how someone did them wrong, but don't ever want to admit it or apologize when they are  how quick you forget  "
i don't want to go back into the sun   ;~;
"ay, do me a favor  call me jerk one more time  ;o"
"just got back from my the party in clearwater, good times  lol"
borrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!
"being a real woman is hard, but it's soooooooo worth it  love "
"i'mma be a nerd and buy a nintendo ds and pokemon heartgold with my next pay check, haha! lol i wanna catch 'em all!  laugh "
"chyeaaaah, i'm pretty sure i'm going to make myself a bacon cheeseburger right now!  surprise "
irockskinnies love 
you can own the earth and still all you'll own is earth until you can paint with all the colors of the wind~
"through the fire, to the limit, to the wall  for a <propmale> to be with you, i'd gladly risk it all \through the fire, through whatever come what may  for a <propmale> at loving you, i'd take it all away  right down through the wire, even through the fire~"
"i tear my heart open, i sew myself shut  my weakness is that i care too much  and my scars remind me that the past is real  i tear heart open just to feel & love ;"
"if i could write you a song to make you fall in love, i would already have you up under my arm & love ;"
"doing laundry, hair and nails today   like a house nigguh  o: lololol!"
"gonna watch the last airbender with my momz, if it sucks i'm takin' all of you out   lol"
"i'm glad i watched that movie on bootleg, cuz i would be so mad if i had paid to see that garbage "
"lolololol, i love <propmale> smiley love "
"[[outkast]]  don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang  don't even bang unless you plan to hit something  bombs over baghdad!! ~power music, electric revival     <propmale> your head  rag top "
move if you wanna move;
"i'll give you the business, so button up your shirt straight & love ;"
"i don't want to waste my time, become another casualty of society  i'll never fall in line, become another victim of your conformity and back down "
"hold up, wait a minute, put a litte love in it!"
lolololololol!!!!!!!! judge <propfemale> do not be playin' arooooooound!!!!
fix your face or get smacked in it 
"a black, hispanic, and white guys were just in the back of my apartment building parking lot shooting a part to a music video i'm guessin  was too funny, actin' like they was doing a drug deal  i was over here dying the whole time!"
chrome to your dome;
i will take your picture and make a rest in peace shirt of it 
pretty girl swag;
if i ruled the world;
light it up like; dynamite~
"i need new pictures, but i hate taking them   playful "
dinner for shmucks is amazing   love 
"i think the reason you wont say anything, is because the first time you opened your mouth it was ignorance  and you realize that now, foo  ;o"
"<propfemale> banks, it's not just your booty   it's your beauty  inside and out, lmao  i love herrrrr "
sweatin' like a slave in clearwater!!!!  laugh  my sister need to turn up the central a c yo  lol
"i'ma gangster, i'ma straight up g  the gangster life, is the life for me  shooting people by day, selling drugs by night; being a gangster is hella tight! > laugh "
"me and you tonight, we gonna make some cash; <propfemale>' old folks and makin' a dash "
"watch me do it wit no hands, you can't crank it like i can  i'm the man; so sit back and watch me crank my batman!"
"why am i being harassed for being on the computer, which i paid for  rather me be running the streets wit some real ogs? d: lol, but seriously   let me liveeeee "
life is a gamble when i'm all about my poker chips  ;p
"i'm not stubborn, i just have a mind of my own  one that isn't easily swayed   smile "
you melt my heart to stone;  love 
that boy is a monster; he ate my heart out& love ;
rotfl!!!!!!!! how you stalkin' on an online game yo!?!????? people need to relax    laugh 
ugggggggggggaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! lolololol
you're a brainless mound of scabs and pus    laugh 
maybe i need some rehab; or maybe just need some sleep  
happy birthday to my youngest older brother   love 
little monster & love ;
yes; i have ru <propfirst> on my ipod  lololol!
ya teeth look like a row of corn on the cob yo   don't smile at me    annoyed 
i think somebody spiked the apple juice yo   laugh 
shut up and put your money where your mouth is & love ; give me some cash out baby~
you need to get a hobby or somethin'; leave people aloonnnnneeeeeee!
baby girl don't be a hard rock when you really are a gem; <propfemale> hill
i've got the magic in me& love ;
"you said everything was slipping right out of our hands \i ran out, crying, and you followed me out into the street \braced myself for the goodbye, cause that's all i've ever known \then, you took me by surprise \you said, \i'll never leave you alone \"" ~mine;"""
"you'll always be apart of me, i'm part of you indefinitely  boy don't you know you can't escape me; ooh, darling cause you'll always be my baby & love ;"
sugar rushhhhhhhhhh!
"someone says, i miss you  you say, -offline-  nice love "
happy whatever you celebrate today; i know i'ma be feastinnnnn!
those answer questions about the other person thingy is funny   no you can't beat me in a fight  > annoyed 
you're sittin in cahoots with these hooligans?!
this is not the time of the year to be losin' chapstik! d: agh!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas all!  love   love   love 
"had a great christmas with the famz, and the new year is next   oh lawd! lolol"
people be thinkin' it's a joke; but really  homies ova ho'z  =_=
