a465b3beedea371d6443d5419ee45455
so happy
why am i up at 6 when i went to bed at like    3???
haha magic is kickin arse out there! go magic   btw sour patch kids rule
is ready to go to sleep again hahahaha
wishes he had 390k   
the military base was awesome  also the navy is the shit   [army is too :')]
asdf is the first thing you learn to type in school :')    oh and uh   leaving the 6th of july to go to south <propfemale> frt <propmale> and then back to arkansas for a bit!!!
ah yes    my future seems very bright at the moment :')
is hhaving mixed feelings about something very importante   
wow   i now have to make a big decision   im totally pissed off right now aswell    man i need a way out!!!
every civilian in bagdad is a terrorist??? wtf
just two weeks boi!!!! omg omg    ok    alright   ok    im stoked   ok im calm    woot
"sooo    what will 4 dollars, a guitar pick, and some pocket lint get me?"
wants to go shoot some m4's and some ar14s and m1s maybe even an ak or m4 or an ak74 that would be cool   but no 22s or 12vs    sorry  
learned alot of blues yesterday during my free time     yeah  
is having the funnest argument ever with someone!!
i cannot message you guys anymore cuz facebook is being gay!!!! so just send me a message
what the hell am i doing up so early! i fell asleep like 1 hour ago!! shit   this is really retarded   
ok im going to guitar center today and if you want to go just ask ill take you 
cant wait to see everyone   but jesus you all have changed!! anywhoo    whos going to guitar  center with me! i have 1 person that might so who else?
"\i want some f****ng banana stickerz now!!! quote by deathklok"""
doing absolutely allooooottt of crap right now    got a hair cut too   it looks wayyy better haha
transfrmerz homos in disguise ch ch cha chaw chow cho
im in the front hall of <propfemale> castle!
ok     ok ok    so i am learning laid to rest by lamb of god  i bet ill have it learned in atleast two days including breaks and when i get bored trying to learn it 
omg the funniest thing happened   who knew 100 calorie packs of popcorn could actually e playful lode in your microwave and smoke the hell out of your house!
cant wait til' arkansas
yeah   i totally owned you in a guitar off yesterday so dont cry lol
cant fall asleep for some reason   
im so bored     i want to leave now!
buubuut    i really want to go make a video!!!!
"\wouldnt hit that with my truck\"" lol <propfirst> you are friggin hilarious    """
omg   i totally predicted he was in the hospital like a day ago at jonathans lol r i p <propfirst> mays  
"readings pretty cool sometimes    i prefer visuals though   thats why you know if its that good of a book, they will make a movie about it  saves you time  smile "
"i had allways felt that <propfirst> mays was yelling at me through the television all the time   but   now   i understand what he was trying to say   you know? he was trying to say \kyle! get out there and buy some mighty puddy!!\"" but   i never complied   im so"""
"\wonder  what i could do with this axe  \"" axe - technical term for an awesome electric guitar  \""i dont play grandpa guiars\"" grandpa guitar - acoustic guitar  \""i want some f*#(@ng banana stickerz!!\"" you gotta have them  """
"lets <propfemale> out before i leave friday!! message me, something, anyone! lets go do this!!!"
oh snap my friend from ohioh is in town!! peace guys!!!
well turns out im leaving a bit earlier   bout thursday? well ill probabally arrive before saturday for sure so just tell me whats up and just txt me  if you dont have my number just ask  peace
warped tour haha c ya!
ok    im finally leaving for arkansas tonight   txt me   you have my number and all that jazz
"wonders why everyone really despised mj and then as soon as he died everyones like \awe     mj died    oh im soooo depressed n shit  \"" quit being hipocrits?? thank you  smile """
alright   im leaving at 8 surprise 0pm!! alright?? holy crap dude  
im in arkansas right now    runnin on about 1 hour of sleep and 53 hours of awakeness!!! idk how im still awake honestly    peace!
having an awesome time!! cant wait til journey!! also i get to meet some friends i havent seen in awhile  also new vids will be posted like    whenever i have time??? yeah thats it  smile         peace   
wow   some retard on facebook wants a firework to hit me in the face  laugh  what a dumb ass  laugh 
wishes i had somones fing number! gosh man   
is enjoying this argument with this retard that cant even spell right or comprehend what i am trying to tell him    so much for litterate adults huh :' 
wants to learn the song cccky
i cant believe that i have learned the guitar part to domo arigato in under 4 minutes!!! lol easy peasy   
well     i totally amputated my finger   going to the hospital   i got blood all over the keyboard aswell   why am i typing   its only making things worse   lol jk jk i didnt amputate my finger   but i just want to go <propmale> diving   so im going   peace  smile 
playin bass at a banquet???? whaaatt???
"\iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii waannnaaaa beeeeeeeeeeeeeee anarchyyyyyyyyy\"""""
"\leavin you tonight    over and out!!!\"""""
wants to go to the skate park and totally do an <propfirst> then leave
holy fuck!! i had the hottest wings ever and omg that shit was the shit!!!
is having fun bagging on people when they cant do anything about it  laugh 
got ate up by a bunch of ticks looking for <propfirst> simmons house so we could go ghost hunting but we are actually going with equipaje tomorrow  smile  it should be a fun e playful erience 
had gotten 48 new songs that are kick ass for only $2 93 and im totally feelin sick right now    working out tomorrow aswell i suppose
why do people have to get grounded!!! lame asses
wow that was the lamest 2 seconds of my life  annoyed 
dang this month is flying by amazingly fast  annoyed 
leaving monday  smile  peace people  sad 
did an endurance workout  readyin up for soccer and track season    leavin ar in two days  annoyed 
playing guitar hero metallica on e playful ert with <propfirst>
ok im leaving tomorrow night : )
is going to magic springs today  i hope there is new rides n stuff  laugh 
leaving now   see whoever up in arizona  laugh 
ok i got done riding a bunch of rides involving heights and i dont really fear them whatsoever anymore  annoyed  neither do i feer going down fast tubes that go streight down at an <propfemale>  annoyed 
stilll hasnt seen transformers    :? 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
                                                                                                                                                                               
well   i have to start using my legal names lol so my actual name is <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> rónán no more 5 names  laugh 
wants to ride the scariest roller coaster ever!!!
heard about senior photos   n-e one know when they are?
"just seen the ode to  breast cancer dance on \so you think you can dance\""    hmmm    there was a ton of people crying and getting all emotional  annoyed     """
i totally found out something about a certain someone and another person aswell and i am cracking up so bad omg     roflmao badly!!! good night people haha
ran to the phoenix library <propmale> out and then ran back to my house   4 <propmale>??? i would guess so 
tape a dagger to its face or something 
anyone have a skate board they dont use???
ate some venomous scorpions and it was insane kindof  smile  oh    the e playful erience? well    it isnt as bad as people think it is   its just crunchy   kinda bitter    thats all i remember anyways    id do it again if it came down to it   (for money  laugh )
does anyone find the <propfemale>-obama ironic?? think about it  they were waiting for a black person to become president so they could finally have a <propfemale> that could grow an afro   you cant make gw bush grow an afro can you  annoyed    
skateboarding is growing on me!!! i really need to get anotha one  annoyed 
practiing some music   getting bored of stuff   finishing up my cds and all that jazz    shoppin online    kinda a busy day but not really  smile  cant wait til tomorrow and then the 1st for a wedding  laugh 
anyone need a 320 g toshiba ext hardrive?
helped somone out   i feel so horrible right now    
unfortunately the nchs band has suffered a significant loss of people this up coming year    we will miss you and keep shining on stars of the north   
is upset    i have to miss the first two days now    aahaljhldjl:fjdljf
is ready to have some funnnnn!!!
"ah frick    gee awe heck    i got my tux and im ready for this \bachelor\"" party thing thats goin on"""
captcha tha imajinayshon  im a groomsman  smile  coolio
ah    the wedding es hoy   gonna be a long day  annoyed  lol
finally got the sumbichin drum set!!! lets jam foos! still need a bass pedal that works and im all set (no pun intendid but i cought it)
's leg is really fing up really bad    its really    really    pissing me the hell off    i think ima fuckin rip the shit off and get a prosthetic leg   that would be a great plan  smile 
hopes they leave soon so i can jam in peace   
omg   i really think i might have really done some damage to my ankle   
holy crap im tired   
my ancle has healed up    still pretty swolen    gotta get it checked out just in case 
damn    i need a double bass pedal now  annoyed 
damnn man   im sore as hell   i got a sore  throat   and ofcourse   my ancle is starting to hurt again    wtf man  
totally tired   i need water   fruit   chicken bakes   hmm    good night people  smile 
is selling an acoustic guitar for 50 bucks without strings if you would like to buy it  smile 
"soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo       bored, but its all good lol"
anyone know what time the school opens and closes so i can change my classe n' stuff?
has a full schedual and is e playful ecting streight a's or all a's and b's     these classes are a bunch of jokes that i will be unleashed upon me come monday   
omg i need huge revisions on my schedual   i guess i have    1st  ap gov econ  2nd  ib spanish 5  3rd student <propfemale>?????????? 4rth  string orchestra  5th  lunch 6th english  7th algebra 3????? wtf is this shit!!!! omg dude   now i have to go in sometime and totally get <propfemale> shit changed up   
i need new bands to listen to   anyone have any ideas? (no hip hop or rap alowed  unless its gangster hardcore rap)
i really hate when certain people say certain things that tick you off   then you cant really do anything about it   but then when you go to sleep   you then dream of the good things that never happen    good night people 
just realized what needs to be done during my practices towards becoming a better player  smile  <propfemale> ist guten!
yeah   got done skatin with <propfirst>   fun times   sux your leavin man! cant wait for escuela manana but idk what the hell ima do n stuff      seems like it would be a boring day every single day for the next year  annoyed  but whatever people    see yins at school  smile 
i love my classes! nau should be fun after highschool    i shall look into it   smile 
nau is the shit!!! cant wait  smile 
rode a shit load of roller coasters and ate some panda e playful ress while trying to convince people i was <propfirst> hawks cousin with some friends haha (six flags is bomb) btw we rode all of the thrill roller coasters 
"can someone tell me what we did in math friday? like, what was the assignment and all that jazz "
chillin like a villian   i guess my new phone might be the lg dare   but whatever!
had the oddest conversation today  annoyed  it was cool though lol
wants an awesome tat
imagine me scared of a person that bleeds the same blood as me
guten nacht  
i shall be ready  
im sad but at the same time pissed but at the same time im happy    wtf man    lol
going to <propfemale> with friends   im outie  smile 
starting to feel reallly sick    headache    stomach ache    i have the urge to throw up     anyone know what it is?????  annoyed 
fuck you stradlater   god this book is terrible!          i recomend it  smile 
yeah boi    totally feeling better after a couple of asprin and a bite of food  
is not feeling good again    what the helllllll
bored  
machine american 
"metal band competition! anyone interested?? (battle of the bands) january 20th  scottsdale! yeah, thats what i was told   soooo who the fuck wants to do it??"
was stabbed by a cactus         was not a pleasent e playful erience i say   
getting surgery the 21st of september!!! woot woot    fml     crying 
can't wait to see my old friend alyx    gonna be a blast!
cant wait    9 more days til surgery   might aswell get all the fun in before i cant walk again!!! ahhhhhh!!!
eight more days til u know what  peaces!
alright emt training in january    hopefully i get a job before then to help pay for school  should be an e playful erience  smile 
anyone know where i can get a solid black hat?
so i got a pair of 80 dolllar shoes in the mail today for free!
"omg ice-cream sounds really good right now, anyone want in? lol"
i still have yet to learn why i have 5 names     annoyed 
getting picked up in a government issued vehicle after school today    wonder what it's going to be about  annoyed 
jammed with <propmale> today and we made a retarded ass vid that no ones ever going to see im guessing haha
uuhhhh hell yeah! scored a 74 on the practice asvab!
"under the knife tomorrow \ """
<propfemale> corps music tryouts soon
fnugg blue the original! peace   
surgery is done    i got my rods n stuff as suviniers which is cool! cant play music or anything for a while   my wrist is kinda paralyzed    but i can barely move some fingers   its all good though  thanks for the support n stuff guys and gals  smile 
in alot of pain   omg   this sux but i had to do it  smile 
"oh dudes i forgot to tell you, they gave me my <propmale> and my pins and plates to keep  laugh  so i shall show you if you ask me  smile "
ever wonder why my farmville character is african american?
my friend is dead    wtf   
wants his fucking homework now   
bahhh    bored    
<propfemale> corps!
shit    i was just handed so much homework haha
"can't wait, good luck at the competition guys!"
needs a ride to the game so i can play with you guys
dude 
"jesus, i can finally get on facebook!"
computers being a hard core <propmale>    going to go to sleep  peace
"gettin off, going  to have some fun! peace"
how do i remove that subway eat fresh thing off of my profile???? and secondly       who the hell put it there????
<propfemale> corps band tryouts the 23rd  hope i do well  smile 
i guess im jammin on drums for my buds tommorrow  wish i had a double bass pedal!!!!
wants to know what seniors are going to be tomorrow!
mothijah
alright then   can't wait till track season and tomorrows going to be one interesting day for seniors
haha english teachers pissed cuz i passed the impossible quizzzzzzz
on the road to becoming an emt will be fierce     but its the first step to become a <propfemale>    wish me luck as i audition for the <propfemale> corps band and hopefully make a career out of medicine aswell as music :')
funny how the second rally how us seniors lost   tg that i was at the first one where we won    i shame the second rally seniors    jesus you should be a shamed of yourselves
woke up from a really long nap     thanks construction workers  annoyed 
"alright, im ready for tuesday aswelll    ill let you all know what happens  peaceeeee"
wants to see the soloist   but hasn't  
after watching the video    i realized how bad i messed up my solo    but jesus christ! i feel like a retard not nailing simple notes like that     
tf2 time
"has tons of homework   but hey, i finished a 4 hour nap  i think im good on time for now lol"
interview friday! can't wait   honors band college tryouts for u of a scholarship    u s <propfemale> corps music tryouts 23rd litterally   all regionals and solo and ensemble!!! life is goooodd!!!
i finally have a cell phone  message me your <propfirst> : ) <propmale> and peace
tiredish from yesterday   leg is sore as hell lol but its all good 
yay friday    i have <propfemale> corps band tryouts for rizzle in person!! how awesome
i don't have time to be tired   
i guess i qualify for the being tall scholarship for       idk how much its worth  annoyed        i just gotta look furthur into it lol
"does booya in chinese mean titties or something like that?? movie is \ping pong playa\"" look it up"""
no more competitions
what college should i go to???
"i loved this weekend   it was fun, and i will definatelly hope that this week will be just as kick ass as the last one!"
"lol   so, i hopped a wall and got introuble by security gaurds in the bashas mart area   i was accused of the following   spray painting, steeling 3 tricycles and god knows what else    im not in any trouble because i was a nice fellow and dealt with it maturely lol"
holloweeeeeen pppppawwwwwwwwwwtyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
"this weekend was a blast    got the 360, going to finish doing some homework n stuff later on   ill talk to you all later    peaceeeeeeeee"
is po-ed   to much math!
i owned you!
"ahhhh    i just made the most epic two minute video using only images, title screens and well   music!!"
i need help finding a scholarship essay     something frickin easy and fun!!! i don't need the money   i need the grade!!
estoy   muy aburidooooo                   
im going to the arizona cards and seatle seahawks game tomorrow!!!! yessirr go seahawks!!!
getting sick ringtones that no one will haveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i wonder if i would get jumped wearing a <propmale> hassleback jersey in the middle of a crowd of cards fans at the game tomorrow  smile 
well   cant wait for the game in 5 hours!!! text muah n stuff
is sick    
so   im not sick anymore  smile  also i aced the college writing exam and did very well on the college reading exam  happy happy joy fn joy
wow    making first chair regionals is not even going to be the slightest bit of hard this year!! thank god for good people graduating  smile 
haven't played guitar in awhile     ima hit that baby up right now 
bleh   blood drive tomorrow   then were rappppin   then im playing cod6  smile 
alright   don't forget to sign up for the nau thing   its free lesssons so you don't suck at your instruments anymore underclassmen juniors that suck! get on your game and its freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"to everyone that is going to the movie, i cannot go    i am going to buckeye to see my sister and nephews before they go to south korea   im sorry and ill see you all monday  annoyed "
who would consider breeding dogs that look like walking mops???
all i wan't for christmas is everything i need 
music sux right now lol
i totally worked out today! i'm hurtin but its allllll good  wink 
ah    i feel like souch an oblivious dumbass right now  annoyed                           skdjf;alskjdf;laskjdf;laksjdfa  reces peaces yall  laugh 
"played tennis, went to little cesars and saw somone that apparently knew me that i couldn't see  it was great fun lol"
writing cooool music dudes!
inglorious bastards    my house? dvd? big screen?? anyone????
fn excited     all a's and b's    one c sadly    but yeah i did amazing on finals like i thought i would  smile 
alright so    got done hangin w  friends    watched get <propmale> or die tryin earlier today    had fun  all in all    an ok day i suppose  surprise 
hmm im totally going to have fun for the rest of the break ho0z
"goin to have some fun, peace yallllll"
twas a cool night  smile 
have a great chrismahonaquanzika 
anyone have an english 101 book they aren't using?      for pvcc?
got college next semester   full schedual    going to be a pain in the buttoxxxxxxx     but it should go swell  smile 
"omg    egg omlette w  some onions, <propfemale> peppers, bacon and well       the obvious egg w  a side of smoked sausage! i'm totally making that for breakfast tomorrow    yuuummmmm"
"<propfemale> x-mas, happy hanukkah, and *snap, lip pop, click* quanza "
madden 2010   shibooyahhhhhhh
"ahhhh hells yes, ima probabally be playin bass in the church youth band band   and they    play hard rock lol"
go ucf football!
"blew off plans to go to a church thing  now i cannot go to the church thing, so im stuck at home with nothing to do "
oh! i climbed camel back mountain today lol  smile 
can't wait  i have like a million tryouts this month!!!  laugh 
was asked to audition for nau bands by dr  schmit as well as the tuba proffessor this weekend because of how awesome i play!   une playful ected   but i made it of course!! i wish i could describe how happy i am right now   damn i love that place
gotta write a stupid poem for english      i just wanna be lazy though!!!
mhmm im in jazz band  wink 
honestly wants to play drums or trumpet instead of tuba for jazz band lolz
regionals tuba regionals bass    going to be one fun week of perfection  laugh 
the audition on bass for regionals went acceptionally well    i fd up the scales but i did ok for first year bass  smile 
made college decision and it is nau for sure 
"oh i forgot to mention, i apparently did way better than alot of the other tuba players at retionals!! im excited to know what my placement is  laugh "
hosted a small party      great fun  smile      kinda bored now lol
fuck 'smosh' for saying the who sucked  they f****** rocked!
math test tomorrow      uber funnnnnnn
"gonna study for a couple hours or whatever, so txt  laugh "
"ten hours of playing drums and makin riffs      how       brutal  laugh  '  ',"
i fn love the olympics  laugh 
learned how to tie a shyt loads of different ways to tie a tie    who knew??? i thought there was like 2 lol but whatever  laugh 
does any ones cat like tap you but more like scratch paw at you to get your attention??
shall i shave my head and grow a beard?  most votes towards either yes or no will most likely happen  start votin!
damnit      im soooo sick againn      runny nose and sore throat    how the f***! any ideas on how to get rid of these symptoms like      asap?
concert went well      2nd chair at regionals  hoping to make state  have a good weekend yall 
if you think about it    states not that hard to make at all lol
well      my last dr  pepper was stolen by <propmale>  annoyed         
well      i pulled an all nighter      and well       im suprised im still awake  im going to go sleep for 14 hours cuz i diserve to!
i better make state for practicing as much as i do!!! > sad 
i am so ready for state tomorrow morning  wish me luck!
"slayer \reign in blood\"" cover ib talent show dudes and dudets!"""
damn    so tired  okinawa japan!!!
feeling sick     wayyyyyyyyyyy sick   
"yep, talent show tryouts      were gonna own  smile "
going for a run  smile 
weekends been fun so far  wink 
outshined my own potential  laugh  learned so much during that guitar lesson!!!
dragonaut      hellz yeah   
fun night  gn
dayum   a cello is a fine peice of worksmanship 
working on my essay stuff so i can have atleast saturday and sunday off
today was pretty interesting    f in tired    that essay really killed me
talked to family in korea   that pretty much made my day  smile  good night people 
is finally done with his stupid mla style paper  smile  21 pages  laugh  yay!!
i have but one wish and one wish only  free pie wednesdays (only at villiage in)
stupid ass recruiter needs to get me some damn info   im growing impatient    
just got back from the muse concert  awesome light show and great performance 
these allergys should leave     now    
"pretty bad ass weekend  ib talent show, be there or be circular or something :?"
so im pretty much in the <propfemale> corps  been workin out alot w  the recruiters and all the other guys  hopefully it pays off 
holy stuff    today flew by lol
so after doing like 30923803984 push ups    my arms turned to gello but they are now like fucking pythons!!!! hell yeah!!!
going to <propmale> airforce base tomorrow morning to get yelled at by drill sargeants  should be uber amazing  laugh 
"can't sleep, too excited for tomorrow morning! but today was rather boring    got to <propfemale> out w  some old freinds though    peace guys  laugh "
damn    tired as hell lol   we got smoked today   fun stuff  smile 
"turns out, you don't need to go to prom to have a super awesome, delicious, time  wink "
i am sooooooooo not ready for the trip tomorrow    kinda didn't e playful ect it lol
who alls going to the quior concert or whatever??
rock band w  band mates    fun timez
some live the poetry that some cannot write  the others write the poetry that they dare not realise 
what the hell happened to the forgive  and forget policy   why the fuck does everyone have to hold a grude these days???? i don't!!! jesus christ!
its official    meps at 5 surprise 0 am lol   wish me luck!
having the best time evva!
swearing into the us <propfemale> corps may 18  can't wait  only a matter of months before im a <propfemale>  wink  ship dates in november most likely  any questions just ask lol
graduations right around the corner! can't wait!!!
so i let a random cat watz in my house w  out realizing it    damn cats look the same these days  annoyed 
"gonna b havin fun teachin someone guitar prolly, should be fun  wink "
i love life  wink 
wow   concert was sort of a fail but all in all it was pretty bombastic  wish some people knew how to count! good night all  smile 
not feeling up to par  i have a headache n stuff from that crazy work out but thats nothin cuz i gots me some chocolate milk!
i is done w  school   bout time too!
\drinkin bear in the, hot sun\a465b3beedea371d6443d5419ee45455,ready to go paintballin  laugh 
seen friends i haven't seen in awhile pretty chill day dudes n dudets
wan'ts to go bowling for some reason  laugh 
auditions in t minus 1 hour 30 minutes  wink 
great news!!! i made it into the <propfemale> corps band!!! f*** yeahhhhhhh!!!! its official  laugh 
so i busted out my guitar and somone recognized the song i was playing at the park  laugh  it was a very exilerating day!
"ok i got my results from sarg  i scored 2 8 out of a perfet 3 0, i have the highest audition score in arizonas history (i made history lol), and i play at the rank level of e 4 or corperal  sooooo those are the resultz yall  laugh "
awesome weekend n stuff w  friends  tomorrow should be fun too  smile 
ok so being a professional musician is harder than i thought  annoyed  hollllllly craaaaaap      but its alllllll gonna be worth it!!!!
dude    i love this job  laugh 
makin money! helllllz yeah  wink 
"please god, let us make bank today!  wink "
talk about crazy nights d:
dudez! my fn ship date is 5 days before christmas!!! how retarded       
hopefully i'll make a f***** sale this week      
haa i learned some pianooooo  laugh  thinking about taking some fall courses at gcc talk to yall later!
sold to a famous mma fighter  laugh 
goin to the lake this weekend  wink 
talk about a crazy week  i guess i'm going camping after work friday    oohhh boy  wink 
going camping with meine familie!!!! bye bye jetzt!  smile 
damn    i'm so burnt lol its <propfemale> real  annoyed 
lol yellow led betters a pretty challenging sonnnnng
damn    who woulda thought i was actually that smart     lol totally sucked at the math part but who gives a flyin j!
???(?_?)???
kinda wanna see family in ar   annoyed 
kawasaki ninja 600e    new o ring   needs the carborator clean    hew gaskets  not a bad deal right?
puttin up a 1000$ this week    i need one more 298 and i'm awesome  laugh   laugh 
i just love how i'm too busy for friends  awesome  smile 
wtf does my instrument have to be the price of a new car for gods sake        sad (((((((((
new guitar friday    hopefully   
estoy bored  smile 
just got out of the hospital    again   
"gosh    spinal taps are not cool, yo   "
manager 
google ru
"i went to subway today and i paid for two subs, with 2 small drinks  i then recieve change in $6 66  guy said with his two years workin there, he never gave change due like that  my days pretty boring so i gotta have some fun lol"
ate an almost legit korean restaurant as quoted by <propfemale>  it was pretty good  smile 
pt  laugh 
12 hour shift  that was the fun
moshpits 4 life 
"<propmale> with someone i haven't <propmale> out with in awhile  smile  funnn times\despicable me was a great movie "
chair placement later today  should be pretty interesting  wink 
wow    people can be nothing but drama  just 3 more months to go 
wow who would have thought that drunken horse shoe throwing competitions were that intense  surprise 
loves college  wink 
gcc chair placement audition went super well  hopefully i get first chair  wink 
bore           d
f yes   first chair   wink 
going to the hospital     annoyed 
"what shall i do for my 19th birthday, any ideas??  laugh "
"if i don't get this job, i'm starting a band d:"
gosh   never yawned so much in my life lol
"looking on the back of a <propmale> light truck, i saw \be smart"," don't drink and drive\"" and right be low that it had a website and it was beeresponsible com\"a465b3beedea371d6443d5419ee45455,no college today  laugh 
and boredom strikes again!  laugh     awesome  wink 
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys  laugh   laugh   laugh  love you guys and gals much!!
anyone wanna <propfemale>? let me know  laugh 
pt was a biatch today  annoyed  but can't wait till next week  wink 
"if i'm sending random messages to people, let me know "
"had fun tonight  hopefully more fun to come  smile  have a great night, all "
"so i played with an ex <propfemale> who played in the usmc band, the district band dude for pv schools (hes a tuba player haha), and tons of other teachers  we talked about popeye, pirates, stabbing people and killing them with <propmale> knives   awesomely fun stuff  laugh  laugh  i'm tired, don't know if any of this made sense, so i will just leave it at that  "
tired n sore 
halo reach   its ok i guess  
leaving the 12th of october! getter done!
pt t-minus   close
tired but i want food    such a hard decision here!
what ifs serve no purpose inlife except only in cases of doubting a great outcome  - me
12 days til usmc boot!  laugh 
"craziest day ever    9 mile run, p90x work out, then relentless walking at stores and stuff    we'll <propfemale> soon, i'll try my best, and you better know who you are when you read this cuz i'm talkin bout you ;p"
"10 days, hella busy week   "
well i'm tryin but what else can i do?? good night all  
"and for the people that didn't hear, we discovered a new planet in the <propfemale> locks zone  as in its residable     i ln a million or so years anyways"
watching the butter fly effect  good movie 
oh daaaamn    its almost here  laugh 
"concert at mtn  ridge high school, thursday 7 pm  the high school will be playing as well as the professional gcc community band yoooo! so if you wanna go, like, and i'll give you info  if not, thats fine with meeee  wink "
"workin outs awesome, definitely takes away a little stress    foooor suuuuuure "
the hail was pretty intense  hope it doesn't come back 
i hate waiting for stuff! bleh
watching wild boyz   crazy shyttt  
"concert at mtn ridge hs, if you wanna go, leave around six  its kind of a ways over there  message me on here for questions "
"boot camp   tuesday, can't wait  tomorrow is ist    4 smile 0 am      fuuuuuuuuun"
"when they say boots just a mental game, did they mean waiting for boot to start?, or did they mean during? lmao"
leaving for boot to tomorrow mornin! usmc here i come!!
whattttsuuuuuuuuup    finally a <propfemale> after 3 bs months    lol hit me up and we can prolly <propfemale> or whatever when i get back   wink 
"hopefully i'll get a phone soon so send me your <propfirst> in a message or something and i'll get back to you  til then, peeeeeeeeaaaaaceeeee  laugh "
got a long week ahead of me and i never thought i would crave this much food! haha
tired   drivin back to arizona tomorrow if i am not mixing up the plans or anything   gooood night  wink 
wow latest ive stayed up in awhile  wink  haha good night  
getting a phone today possibly  is the i-phone 4g out for verizon yet or what? i'll find out today if no replies   c yall soon!  laugh 
new phone  pretty awesome one too  wink 
ha    seahawks beat the saints  
packin up muh stufffff            
playin drums n listenin to musik
ok so i played a shyt load of guitar    now    i don't know what to do  surprise  wtf mannn  
leave   is fn amazing  laugh 
at the gym w  <propfemale> n <propmale>
long day night   fun times  wink 
sweet night  ending it by teaching kealan bass lol  laugh 
got a bad ass fender acoustic guitar! most exciting i tell ya  wink  good night!!!
"so i leave n a couple days    buuuuttttttt, i made some time and i learned curses by bullet for my <propfirst> on acoustic  pretty raaaaad  laugh "
"met <propmale> hodge again the other day, got advice from him   playin basketball with the sargants tomorrow for pt  awesome day of coloring squares in with sharpies as well   lol"
"so, i leave for <propfemale> combat training then virginias school of music (berkly program apparently) tomorrow  annoyed      total of 7 months or so  i'll upload some pics n stuff later  hope to hear from all of yall sooner or later  laugh "
at the airport   just waiting  
libbbbbbooooooooo
so i'm on ocean side enjoying my libo w  my buds wagenaar and stecher  got some moto t's and am preparing to shoot some machine guns and use nvg's
so it looks like ima miss valentines day n shit  annoyed  but the cool thing is    i know how to use night vision goggles with lasers effectively 
"oh also shot the m240 bravo, saw m249, data, and the 203 grenade attachment   wink "
"so i graduate mct in 3 days  then music school, here i coooome!"
"basically trained rifleman  loojmks like the m240 is my specialty lmao  laugh  music school, i'm on my way "
i'm in atlanta <propfemale>   only one more flight  laugh 
in <propfemale>  going to check in later  time to nap!
"got my lap top, <propfemale> beach is the shyt!!!! , and i will be moving into my room with my roomies here within a few hours  cool beans yo  wink "
"i got my instruments  practice is required 10 hours a week, pretty bomb  "
checking in bloooooows      
"alright  so far music school has been of such annoyed \wake up\accountability\pt\eat\talk, <propfirst> around, get issued books    joke some more\eat\chill in our barracks, shoot the shit, play games\practice\eat\practice \sleep"
i get paid to do this??? wtfffff  laugh dddd
"logged in 7 hours of practice in the past 3 days   never been so damn motivated \semper fi,\do or die "
"watching 300 with the guys, eating cookies, n just plain chillin "
took my first course test after a 4 hour long class n got a 95  talk about cramming yo
yep    playing black ops    this game suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuux    
"got an inspection, pft, concert, and a ton of other bs to attend  tomorrow shall be busy "
sorry if i didn't reply back to you on facebook im  i am automatically signed in all the time lol so sorry  awesome day though  i got praised and yelled at in one day  laugh  sounds amazing right?? haha good night!
at the presidents own concert  can't wait to see what they're all about 
and people think they are dying due to lack of sleep??    would i like to speek to those <propmale> ones   
so    this girl is hagglin me lolz    didn't say it was a bad thing  surprise 
"so much to learn, sooo little time     annoyed "
soy hombre araña  
never practiced this much in my life   holy shyt hahaha
cramming a crap load of music into my brain  laugh  fun!
so were playing a lot of orchestral pieces and i just happened to class up at the right time  smile  i then get jazz studies and improv on tuba  cool stuff right??
listening to 3 inches of blood and eating cookies as well as playing arma 2  way to start of the weekend  laugh 
"theory is coming along  \we have to sing aloud and clap n do a bunch of conducting stuff  retarded lol\can't wait until mondayyyy"
someone tried messaging me  sorry if i didn't get to you lol
damn   this week is already starting off bad   i'll just make up for everything tomorrow 
"well   i'm totally powning musically here at the school  love it \its stressfull as hell lol but hey   its one of the best e playful eriences of my life  laugh  laugh  laugh \thanks for all the support you all \\good night!!"
bored   who wants do anything
"holst, the planets, op  32, h 125 - mars, the bringer of war los <propfemale> philharmonic    the best damn recording of mars i have heard yet  anyone find a better one??"
"<propfirst> trump doesn't believe barack obama is who he says he is, therefore he wants to see baracks birth-certificate according to \schott\"""""
damn   worst day yet  
tattooooo????!!!!!!!
"so i guess i have an improvisation class for next week    on tuba? \win  wink "
