2ede06261bc75340738814c4546c92f9
im missing the heck out of someone right now  i hope they call 
sleep zzz   zzz   zzz   
watching true blood season 2  season 3 premires tomorrow so tune in and watch with me!!!
true blood season three premire tonite so if you dont have hbo go to ninjavideo com and you should be able to watch it on there an hour or so after the premire!!!!
ahhh relaxing and planting things on my island   hoping someone will give me a monkey! i really want a monkey on my island!!!  annoyed 
someone please send me a monkey if you play tiki farm! i want a monkey!!!!!
im at home relaxing i have an early day tomorrow   but life is good cause the lakers bent the celtics over and make them take it!!!! lol  smile 
saddness  i need a gallon of icecream and my love   s m w 
i finally got my monkey for tiki farm!!!! thank you doe!!!!!
"ask me one question (in my inbox only)  and, no\ matter how crazy, i'll tell the truth  i dare you to put this on your \status and see what questions you get  "
at the hospital waiting to see my grandmother  shes going to make it through shes a gonzales 
"thank you everyone for your support  my grandmother is strong and like my tis told me yesterday when my eyes swelled up with tears   \she has all her family coming to see her she has too much love coming to her to not give her strength shes getting better already  we wil just keep her in our prayers\""    """
it hurts to know shes in a dark place but i plan on being that light to guide her to where god wants me to guide her   i just hope hes not ready to call her home 
i love you grandma!!!!! aka bestfriend!!!!!
dyed my hair black photos are up
"http annoyed  stagevu com video oaqqwusmohzd\\if anyone has ever been in love, is in love or looking for love oe looking to move on from love watch this stand up i swear its funny but true "
"doing up hair, listening to ludacris , and eating mangos yea!"
omg that sentence thing was so stupid so i had to post it to get the sentence and its retarded really  it was easy  smh someone find a real mind teaser and hit me up 
 *-<propfirst> j  blige - rainy dayz-* 
"<propfemale> \rule - always on time ft  ashant      \just thinking of that special someone    \*sigh*\look to the sky   "
hooping   waiting for a call that may never come   *sigh*   welcome to my life   
"maybe months will go by before i realize, maybe this isnt for me   at least i have love & i only can dream of how far that will take me   but either way im still waiting for a call   "
"life is full of disappointments   sometimes you dont get what you want but as long as you gave it your all, always walk away with a smile  even when all you want to do is cry  just remember no matter what you go through you can make it because your alive   "
"to be hurt\to feel lost,\to be left out in the dark \to be kicked when your down,\to feel like you've been pushed around \to be on the edge of breaking down and no ones there to save you \no you dont know whats its like!\welcome to my life   "
i feel like dancing!
"i want to lay on my back in the grass, and as he sun sets and the horizon lingers in limbo between night and day   i want to sing to the sky  love "
just made myself a virgin <propfemale> and its so bomb cause its so hot and its lime!!!!  annoyed 
icees are awsome! i met <propmale> swardsneeger today (or however you spell his name) he came to come watch the weightlifters of sac high  it was cool but what made it great was <propfirst> kono if you dont know who he is google it and be amazed!
im writing my weekly report or whatever for my ap gov class and its cracking me up how those who fought for prop 8 to be approved actually gave 23 reasons for why gay couples being allowed to marry would actually harm society!!!!     wow it amazes me how many retards we have within our government 
omg im actually doing it fb! im trying to get into <propmale>! i dont mean to be so upfront but i have all i need! i have family and support and the one whos always in my prayers and dreams  8 months smw love 
just got done wor<propmale> out @ the gym! now i have dun worked myself up an appitite so i<propfemale> go eat! shout out to <propfemale> <propmale>! kuz shes the best <propfemale>!
going to the movies with my stepmom and my friend jenn  going to see 'inception' hopefully its good 
really bummed out  sad 
waiting for a phone call   *taps foot*   im not impatient just anxious
emotion:         i have nothing                     just a fire burning            at this rate either i contain the flame or let it burn me alive 
on cloud nine and nothing will tear me down! this feeling inside me is the fire i have been feeling! i want to feel this forever! s4s! im her <propfemale> and shes my yin 
headed to lake tahoe for a cross country meet
smw
still smw even if im not on her mind n e more   
i have my race today couple more hours and ill be running my heart out  god always told me to forgive  but my heart hurts now i never thought pain from emotions would hurt me so bad  i guess ill just run threw tahoes forests and hopefully god will give me a sign 
no i take that back cause rite after i posted that i felt that this is on me now god is telling me its my decision  so ima go where my heart leads me hopefully its where i want it to be but somethings are more complicated than others 
song of the day: how it feels to fly-<propfemale> keys    i tell u what <propfemale> keys album the element of freedom definitely frees me when im down  if u havent heard this song or the album u need 2 listen now 
alot on my mind  but heres the song of the day: angels cry <propfemale> <propfirst> ft  ne-yo  this song is definitely e playful ressing my feelings now 
the safest place-sade  i was introduced to this artist and her music is so beautiful  but heres my new song of the day 
meditating   this really does relax me   sending out my good vibes   hopefully this test god has given me will be over soon cause i <propmale> ima pass it but it gets so hard sometimes 
man i am feeling great today! i had my eyes opened and now im on a mission for smw
watching these fight videos that people are posting and they are ridiculous  smh  what is our world coming to?
basically people are fake! if your my true friend ima keep it real and protect you til the end!
"<propmale> dangerous is in the building making things happen today! oh yes so stand out of the way if you are going to be lazy and not get things done  and if your with me let me hear u say \imma get things done today!\"""""
headed to la
akcent-king of disco  i love this song!
the video i just posted is not for the faint of heart  its part of a real documentry and is for those who accure knowledge  be advised this is not fake 
"morning bird-sade\man i have really made progress with my mother  better tomorrow is what i feel  i hope and pray every night for the greatest gift my mother can bestow upon me "
songs of the night surprise nly you-cherish & breakeven-the script
new fun fact   people die from broken hearts   i learned that today   idk where i stand but i hope i know soon because this is making me go crazy 
song of the night: unthinkable(im ready)-alicia keys   the unthinkable made me go crazy   
*sigh* at least out loud i wont say im in lllooovvveee!     sha la la la ahhhhhh!     lol i was watching hercules earlier     shoutout s4s!
new day i have to attack today  its time to handle business say ohla to <propmale>!
homecoming is done  im the dorkiest dancer but heysometimes u have to dance like no one is watching!
omg had the scariest dream about spiders for the 3rd time this week   what does that mean???
smh 
"sometimes the burdon to restrict yourself from being who you are and free, can be worse than the risk you actually take to spread your wings and fly    "
its goin down tonight! everyone be safe today and tomorrow! happy halloween!
party this weekend was smackn! fam& friends & troublemakers bt every1 is safe & all is well    on another note 35 days until my birthday!  annoyed  sooo stoked!
"you know if u sit a caged bird by the window it sings?   most believe that it sings because it thinks it is free   but i <propmale> tht bird isnt singing its crying because what it wants so much is to spread its wings and fly   to those of u who have cages open the door and no longer cry, fly!"
<propfemale> nap    zzzzzz
i love my snugglebear
at home   tired   smh   sat 2 math tomorrow   
"home alone watching queer as folk, eating lamb, and waiting for my snugglebear   smh i really miss my snugglebear     crying "
song of the morning: firework-katy perry   i love my snuggle shes a firework!  smile    about to take my sat2 math wish me luck!
"have you ever missed someone so much u started to mourn?   have u ever loved someone so much u knew for them u were born?   have u ever gone the distance for ur love?  gone so crazy over ur lover u feel like a maniac being restrained by medicated gloves?   if u havent told tht special someone u love them today give a hug a kiss or a quick text n let then <propmale> \hey u <propmale> i love u n ull always be my babe\""    """
at the cousins house laughing it up watching movies   im feeling more relaxed definitly but i already know who is missing  crying    s4s   
winding dwn to bed  im at home but i really wnt my snugglebear   i really wnt tht gudnite call   *sigh* but i guess ill have to wait   jus really nt feeln the same without it  sad 
just got out of church  its cloudy and rainy & i love it its good cuddle weather   
watching mythbusters and man oh man i know whats myths ill be trying at home!
avatar new extended version w  the bonus features & alternate opening comes out nov 16th! omg i am soooo excited!!!!
happy
fml i tried supergluing my little trophy i got for 'best costume' and the thing got cracked somehow and by the time i realized what was goin on i was superglued to it along with some of my fingers stuck together!!!
fml i tried supergluing my little trophy i got for 'best costume' and the thing got cracked somehow and by the time i realized what was goin on i was superglued to it along with some of my fingers stuck together!
"ok so in the bests room and saw the goldfish or wat i thot was gold fish and said \ohh goldfish!\"" and she was like \""no those r gold whales!\"" lmfao! im weak!"""
snugglebear! where are you? i miss you!
mentally unfit for the public today so watch out!
im different from everyone   guess thats why im constantly misunderstood   my skin is brite so no one thinks i know about the hood   jus bkuz im assumed 2 always be good  im human bt not from this world   so dnt blink too fast bkuz u may miss my wonders unfurl 
change-the act in altering something already exsisting; to make progress into making what already exsists even better; to accept that this alteration is for the better    i plan on creating this change 
ive made the changes& i couldnt be happier  im a little on the green side today but i got what i needed& i am happy  laugh       love  s4s
its raining so i should be feeling great cause i love the rain but im at the last place i want to be right now  ugh i just cant wait to get home 
"do me a favor haters save all your ugly hate in your hands & throw it on your face like cold water to wake you up, because in reality your hate is being wasted on me because i've turned in my application for life and hands down it is accepting me!!!"
lol currently locked out the gate with my teammates cause our coach is late! lol but im laughing cause my teammate fantasia has her big <propmale> bear named smokey seatbelted with her in the car  lol good start to the day ima finish it with a smile  smile 
to say that i am blessed is an understatement  there are a countless number of things i am thankful for an a certain few that make this life worth smiling all the way threw until the end and beyond  to all my friends and family be safe and remember to smile because we never know what moment will be our last 
ahhh getting ready for some itailan food for a belated thanksgiving w  my dad  im  going to get chocolate and turkey wasted!  annoyed 
i am soooo stuffed   now its time for the chocolate  lord forgive me for the way i am about to violate this chocolate 
ok i tried violating this chocolate but it won   smh i feel like im ready to e playful lode   
nice rainy weather we are 'aving today governa!
watching spice world! oh yeah!
spice girls is awsome! what spice girl are you? i am scary spice!!!!
listening to the radio & they r talking about 3-sums while you r with your significant other ugh! dont ppl have morals anymore? listen and listen close everyone there is no such thing as a perfect relationship  you can still have a heathly& prospering relationship though 
but besides that i am starting my day off as good as i can  b-day is in 4 days so i'm just going to get through the bad& get on the great  i have the best feeling about my b-day  yay!  love  s4s
im hungry and i am counting down the days until my b-day  its going to be a b-day i never forget   love  s4s
"giving in is what kills people   when you refuse to give up with all your heart only then do transend your humanity   even in the face of lifes greatest feat \-<propfemale> gunderson"
thank you! everyone!
everyone who gave me a happy birthday thank you so much i got all your messages and all your love! my birthday was great the best yet! thank you all!
just got done taking an ice-bath for these sore muscles   been doing alot of thinking lately& i decided i am very happy! and im going to continue on being as happy and as positive as i can  cause things can always be better but its my job to make it better 
"<propfemale> naps, food, avatar, s4s all weekend  ahhhhh now its back to my nightmare   soon though i will be able to stay in my reality and wake up from this nightmare "
feel like im in my house all alone its kind of relaxing   guess i am feline like cause i love my solitude 
i just sneezed so hard it felt like i got punched in the face  fml i think its almost time to put this shopping to an end and get some other work done  but im shopping for love so alas i must be the greatest mrs claus ever!
ok everyone! i need your help if you could describe my personality in 5 words what would they be? this is for my <propmale> suppliment so keep it professional please 
my someone special is in for a world vivacious things because im not stopping where i am ima keep going until the wheels fall off and even then ima get out and start walking  i am strong and ill be stronger everyday thats layed before me until god calls me home 
"<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays to everyone  i know some of you out there are feeling down or cant get the holiday spirit but heres your <propmale>  donate a gift, call and old friend, tell those that you love them and appreciate them no matter what you have been through  its hard to smile when you feel unwanted or unloved  but spread the love and it will come back to you tenfold "
watching <propfemale> the vampire slayer hoping she can help me take down <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!! lol jk calm down team <propfirst> just making a joke dont send death threats to my inbox     
always checking my phone like a <propfemale> waiting for its owner to come back home  guess that is whats e playful ected when you cant stand to be away from someone  s4s  love 
reading the christmas throwaway & its really good  *sigh* smw  love 
so i'm officially and royally upset  just to let anyone know out there you receive certain things and you don't get certain things (like messages) for a reason  ugh i wanted to have a good day & i will i just don't appreciate being treated like a piece of meat  no comments just venting 
going to the gym  need to stay sexy 
ok i am trying to go to the gym but i'm waiting for someone  smh
"so i skipped, tripped and almost busted my lip into the new year, but thanks to the special one i found i'm back on solid ground  its been game time & i thought it was down packed but time to show myself that it aing goin down like that  best believe when i say this now i have alot who have doubted me that will be biting their lips now "
"so i skipped, tripped and almost busted my lip into the new year, but thanks to the special one i found i'm back on solid ground  its been game time & i thought it was down packed but time to show myself that it aint goin down like that  best believe when i say this now i have alot who have doubted me that will be biting their lips now "
omg just saw the <propfemale> parry video for 'firework'! i know i'm late but that video was amazing especially when the gay guy walked across the club and kissed the guy he was crushing on!!!! omg! love this video <propfemale> <propfirst> is awsome!
kanye west not only had the number one spot on the top 50 albums of 2010 but he also claimed the number one single of 2010  and after checking song& video 'runaway' i now know why  it was epic on some other levels and i never talk about artists especially kanye like this  props to you kanye for real you put your heart into this album  someone who follows kanye on twitter hit him up 1 time for me 
"aha i può essere dolce, <propfemale> non farlo torto, im pazza come l'inferno e im alzare la fiam<propfemale> in modo da get out mia cucina!"
"sono <propfemale> pelle chiara, occhi verdi, <propfemale>mi <propfemale>  quindi non più occhi gelosi causare si im <propfemale> <propfemale> ho già <propfemale> papi "
"appena svegliato da <propfemale> sonnellino, ha avuto <propfemale> altro incubo orribile  im terrorizzata quando mi sveglio perché il dietro la maschera <propmale>le mie paure è il volto <propmale> mio amante "
"the <propfemale> of procrastination, of half-measures, of soothing and baffling e playful edients, of delays, is coming to a close  against these harsh realities, that we're reaching the end of the old way of living, we can see with our spiritual eyes that even in a dark hour, there is much to be e playful erienced, seen and learned  we will have flashes of knowing that zoom us ahead to where we need want to be "
forever in our hearts  r i p  <propfemale>  we miss you 
"yes i am pretty, yes i am smart, yes i am gay but    honestly i dont need anyone to remind me of that (cause who doesnt know this rainbow pride lol) but what matters is that i am a fighter and i will never give up in any aspect in my life  any obstacle you think will cripple me will only make me stronger to anyone out there who is afraid to be you life is too short grab life by the horns and live with a smile "
hmmm i havent posted nothing today  i have alot on my mind & my spirit is eminating all this energy  things are changing & im creating that change  well imm off this i have work to do moving fast like the road runner today so all you hating cyotoes get out <propfemale> wayyyy!
"honestly as the night winds down and i sit here and assess my life i still have the deep human emotion of forgiveness because i just want to say \i was wrong you were wrong lets promise to change\""  but i know it doesn't work that way  hope she remembers i love her and even if its forever i'll stay """
headed to start my day  i feel alot better but honestly i'm not going to feel completely better until i walk that stage it time to get on my grind 
headed 2 start my day  i feel better bt honestly i'm not going to feel completely better until i walk that stage it time to get on my grind 
just got my acceptance letter from san <propfirst> state university  i still have to be on my grind  now i'm just waiting for the rest of my letters to roll in 
going to see my grandma today  i miss her alot  hopefully i can get some oranges  mmmm nothing like grandmas oranges from her tree  that is the perfect combination to help a sad heart 
when you really love someone you fight for them  and its especially when things get hard you fight harder  ima fighter& i will always be 
not feeling too good but watching xena <propfemale> warrior 
xena has so many sexual hidden puns 
"so i realized that this world is going crazy  kids can't ride their bikes around the neighborhood, cartoons are worse than the cussing that was allowed in older cartoons, and people put their kids on drugs for being too hyper  smh "
"something you may have not known: for most people the fear of spiders is\much greater than the spiders themselves  researchers at the university of sa'o paulo developed an improbable way to undo arachnophobia by having patients stare at spider-like objects-a tripod, a carousel, a person with dreadlocks "
"it matters what you do when you fall  you get back up and decide through it all, your going to be strong  only then do you transcend your humanity and love faithfully if not eternally \\-<propfemale> gunderson"
if only things were as sweet as love then this whole world would be a better place    but since its not we make do with what we have  i'm just glad i have that love the world so desperately needs  moving away from all the negative and on to better things 
yo i just have to let this out i am doing my work tonight but then tomorrow i am going to box my heart out cause this right here is making me so mad  i cannot believe this!!!!
reposting hold on there was a error
"i do not care what ppl think   check this   i have been pushed to my edge  don't think you will play me, do not think you will make a fool of me  if u dnt like tht i'm gay (oh well), going places tht u rnt (invest in a life), or nice because i'm strong enough to be (get on my level)  i love unconditionally and when i give my all its not for nothing  feeling really down but i'm on my grind so i'm off this "
i love the anime block on adult swim on saturdays  anime!
who ever made the sac high love <propfemale> is so beautiful  everyone please add the <propfemale> and lets get every ones pic up there because everyone deserves love  burn<propfemale>s are outplayed is a new year lets do something positive for once 
at wingstop with my cousins having a good time 
im at golden1 and this little boy that doesnt look a day over 9 has a gauge in his ear & its huge!
currently in a poke battle with <propfemale> <propmale>
the poke battle continues!!!!!
just can't cry no more 
watching totoro
watching <propfemale> mononoke  miyazaki marathon 
kiki's delivery service on deck 
i'm going to love you like no one has ever loved you  come rain or come shine   -<propfirst> <propfirst>
going to the cousins going to have some fun with some movies!!!
just got off the phone with a good friend and i'm helluh cheesing  now getting goin to the cousins crib 
all my ninjas in south sac <propmale> is coming through!
ok ok ok i got a joke    how do you wake up lady gaga?        you po-po-po-poke her face po-po-po-poke her face! lol
"ok i got another one     what starts with a 'c', ends with a 't', and is hairy on the outside and moist on the inside?\   coconut     what were you thinking?"
"being a very religious kind of person, when i checked into my hotel, i said to the woman at the desk; \i hope the p*rn channel in my room is disabled \""\",2ede06261bc75340738814c4546c92f9,been reading today  nothing better than snuggled up in a blanket with a good book 
"one night a policewoman pulls over a drunk driver \she politely asks him to step out of his car  he willingly does so \she says, \anything you say can and will be held against you \""\",2ede06261bc75340738814c4546c92f9,"q  what do you call a gay dinosaur?\a  mega-saur-ass"
"what is invisable and smells like carrots?\rabbit farts "
"if god is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining "
"some people are like slinkies     not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs "
"the sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble "
"just remember   if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off "
its fair to say that tonight is going to be a long night  smh 
new starts are not always bad 
all mighty girl power!
