ea0ea2f395c7128374dacf12eb33d199
<propfirst> is on his way home
needs to make up his mind     
thinks summer is going by way to fast   
a good meet to end the year on!
won my home meet tonight   smile  but i think i may have messed up my knee   sad  but is glad that his friends and his teem are rocking the wrestling mat this year   smile 
thanks to every one who wished me a happy birthday       
getting ready for a long weekend    
the weekend is almost over and it feels like it just began  it has <propmale> a good weekend though 
good meet this weekend  now i have three more left to go  
is glad i get out of school tomorrow  
glad to be home  and glad to know he has friends who care             
glad to be home 
had a fun time at the game  and is glad the lady mustangs are going to state!!!  now it's the boys turn !
who ever said only the good die young was a dam liar        rest in peace dad     
is eating pizza at 11 smile 0pm 
camel spit                               
if life was easy there would be nothing worth fighting for  if life wasnt so hard we couldnt enjoy the little things  ya i can enjoy lifes little ups and downs   smile 
wrestled a officer today with my brother  and we didnt even get introuble      
the wings where great! kearney was fun  and my new candle is awesome 
is ready for this job to be over     
is going to miss the short bus   sad  but is glad its over 
had a good summer! going to mis a lot of friends  but now its time for back to school 
most people look at it as god put thorns on roses  but do they ever look at it that god put roses on thorns 
"misses the healthy life          poo on you you you you, you dam cold "
best night and home coming of my life  smile  every thing was a blast 
we going to the play offs  smile   5-3  plus a three way tie district champs ya tonight a good nite
we no speak americano!!!!!!!!! adictive               
its time to wrestle           
one more meet left before christmas break
tonight just isnt a good night 
one more meet before i get a nice long break  smile 
thanks to every one who wished me a happy birth day  !!!
im going home soon  smile  hells ya 
ready for state bring on districts       it's time to split the men from the boys  
bring on state!!!!!!
black ops addicted!!!!
should be asleep    but who can sleep when there are so many amazing things that can happen? but then again sleep is amazing  smile  night peoples     
call of duty marathon is cancled  today for the fact school is actually in sesion  why couldnt it keep snowing    
looking at the beautiful colorado mts  what a sight 
ready for a five and a half hour drive home from colorado 
my life is a compleat waist of humanity 
"here's to a long life and a <propfemale> one a quick death and an easy one a pretty girl and an honest one a cold beer and another one! \\irish saying\"""""
"is tired ,,  "
not ready for school     need more sleep 
feels like a zombie     
feels like a brand new man  thank god for sleep  !!!!
grillen stake in the <propfemale> light  smile 
sitting in a dark room unable to sleep   annoyed 
some one shoot me  !!!!
just e playful erienced the worst trip to kearney ever 
i love my little brother <propmale> so much  smile  he means the world to me !!!!
1:10 in da morning and cant sleep what to do what to do?????
2 surprise 0 in da morning and still thinking what to do what is there to do???? any one ideas 
3 smile 0 in da morning  man i need to try and get some sleep 
3 smile 0 in da morning  man i need to try and get some sleep 
for ever young ! good song 
it feels good to be home again  smile 
has the house by my self for a wile   what to do what to do??? lol
happy friday the 13th every one 
just got done swiming in the rain!  wink 
needs to learn to let things go      
standing in the rain listening to some awesome music  !!!  smile 
standing in the rain listening to some awesome music  !!!  smile 
wow now i have seen it all  good night every one 
ok im just bored now 
just got done giving blood   smile 
working in da rain    o what fun   !!!
whatching a movie with the bro  the only thing posible tonight     
on my way to my big bros birthday party 
flat tire this morning how fun  lol
now this is the kinda storm i remember in nebraska !!!! bring it on mother nature 
up and ready for his final wrestling duel  of his life 
sore and sun burnt 
ready for work again 
just got done working      great <propfirst>!
awesome storm tonight!
me and my bro sitting at home and chillen alone! hells to the ya lol
thunder cloud to the south  sun set to the west  a clear sky to the north  and im heading east    for a good weekend with my sisters    we will see how this goes  lol
working on my tan burn  gota love the summer
"if ignorance is bliss  dose that mean to be happy you have to be stupid? and if you are not ignorant, dose that mean you are not happy? cant some how there be a middle to this quote? why cant one be bliss and not ignorant about what is happening in life? what do you think? would you rather be bliss? or be non ignorant about whats happening?"
"\technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal \""\",ea0ea2f395c7128374dacf12eb33d199,"\any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves\"" \",ea0ea2f395c7128374dacf12eb33d199,very bored!!!!
livin la <propfemale> loca !!!!
night peeps!
he who is to happy with where he is will never strive to become somthing greater!!
my phone is broke  i cant call or do anything 
hey every one my phone is broke  if you want to get a hold of me send me a mesage on face book     thank you   
it feels nice to be home    smile 
