c54b2d6a909aaf0ad7c64c7aec07b099
"it been 9 years since you left us gone but not forgottin, love you mama"
sometimes youjust got to sit back and watch wa is really going on in your life  stop fuckin playing with fuckin people feelings  just kepp it really and say wa is really going on 
really gotta work 2day
love hurts
have you <propfemale> did something that u should never did  that sure will fuck up something that u want
stop the gossip
just aint feeling it anymore
happy b-day goin out to my loving sista shatilda   may u live to see many more years to come   cut the cake n celebrate
happy b-day goin out to my sexy ass uncle
happy b-day goin out to one of my beste  happy b-day so so
happy b-day going out to the best mother in the world  happy b-day mommy
r i p  cuzo  u will sure be miss
congrats goin out to my baby n the rest of the <propfirst> family
miss you  please come
sista i just can't wait to see you  missin u like wa
living life to the fullest
the count down is on
don't u think it bout time you grow up n act your age  n stop like one of they rats on the road
look at ur action before talkin bout mine  u aint no fuckin better cuz u are doin worst boy
can't sleep  been years since i saw you 
dont you think tis time enough u grow up n stop actin n thinkin like a lil gyal  aint got time to waste with lil things like hatin
she is finally here!!!!!
when things aint working out u just got to let it go
all i want if chrismas is          
<propfemale> chirstmas everyone 
happy b-day going out to my sista <propfemale>  may god bless you   party like a rocksta
"if we woke up naked together, using only 3 words what would you say to me?? pass it on to both genders!! caution: this gets really funny  make sure u reply"
yep yep its about that day  the day my big sista leave us again to go back to holland  gonna miss you
my sista n leave me
"stop wasting her time with this chicken head girls  she all bout her family, making money n her love one"
"i'm asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention, and in honor of all fighting it   !!!"
tried like f**k  need a vacation
now a dayz ppl jus got a lot of mouth  they say they gonna do something but still can't do it  then they saying there some body that they not  ppl jus be yourself and say wa you got to say n stop betting round the bush
love my life jus the way it is  no need to fake anything bout it
"tomorrow is <propfirst>, wonder who is gonna be my <propfirst>!!!!"
happy <propfirst>'s day to all my fb friends
"time to grow up,  don't you think so"
life is to short to be wasting it on bullshit  move on to bigger n better things
this little children aint got nothing better to do then to be send me shit on fb  get a life ppl
thank you
living life for me and only me  who don't like it that's there ass
u can call me wa u like n say wa <propfemale> u want bout me but at the end of the day i am still me  weather u like it r not!
some ppl wanna be wrong yet strong  or some ppl   jus have to much pride to say t they wrong and sorry  well i was wrong bout that pose n sorry  but yea life goes on!
sorry i <propfemale> taught  we were friends  now i see it was just a front!!!!
do i still make you happy?
"you can say wa u want do,  wa you want but just remember i aint going no where "
"some1 ask, \how does it feel to love sum1 who loves sum1 else  ?????\"""""
"sitting here wondering can i, should i trust you again?  u fool me ones and made me look like a ass should i, can i trust u again?"
gone but not forgottin  ten years now she gone n left us but mama u are surely miss  r i p   mama
there aint nothing in this world that they can do to make me give u up so let them say wa ever do wa ever cause i aint giving up  love you <propfemale> <propfemale> & quan
"wheneva u ready,  u are free to go  nothing hold u back"
i love my life
don't have time to take on little things like that  just know wa you doing
wa is this world coming to?  gonna live my life for me n my love ones
"wonder how much of them it was, n how much of them is? tell me"
"everything i try is still not good enough  u say \well stop trying\"" but i jus can't stop"""
living life to the fullest 
<propfemale> giving up  <propfemale>
tomorrow is the day boy
don't get a f**k cuz i know where i stand
what's in the dark must come to light sooner or later it will come out
"y does\ love\""make ppl so stupid r make them look n sound stupid?????"""
living my life like it <propfemale>!
can't sleep
i am going to be good i promise
not a thing to do but sleep
what should i do today beside sleep
don't u have anything better 2 do then send me bullshit messages  grow up lil gyal n get a life
wa a life!
wa u don't no can't hurt u   so don't go looking for it   u only puttin urself to get hurt
life
i so don't wanna go it work  tonite  wanna stay home and jus chill  but i got to make that money
bored out my mind
hope this dont cuz any problem but i just had to get it off my back
i am tried of all this drama that going on for no reason  think it was bout that time we end this drama ones and for all
done somethings in the past that i am not proud of but can't say i regret it cuz  me doing them is wa makes me who i am right now
if love so nice tell me why it hurts so bad!
thank you lord for wake ing me up  this morning to see this blight morning light
when u think u got it ruff somebody out there got it worse  so enjoy wa u got and wa u dont got forget bout it
april fool   go to school   tell ur teacher she a fool  if she bet u don't cry  jus take up ur books n say goodbye  n don't forget to spit in her eye! lol
