178170300b0ae06545b052c274c99f4a
my babies and my niece
life is full of ups and downs  its who you share those ups and downs with that matters most  no one will ever love and understand you like your family or who you see as family  its ok to have falts when you are loved 
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
one more day to go 
what a beautiful mess this is!
mmmmmm      pizza!
15 hours of overtime and still going strong!
baby your my sun shine and like the <propfemale> you push it all away 
takling to the lawyer today  wish me luck    
everything went as well as could be e playful ected  still more to do  thank you guys for the kind words it means more then you know!
love you <propfirst>! tell eveyone i love them to!!!
is it ever going to end? one minute everything is ok the next its world war two 
makeing dinner for the kidos  then sleep! tomorrow is a big day 
is missing my babies sad 
is sleepy 
is glad to have my babies back home!!!
"ok so i heard my cat (drako) screaming  i went to go see what the hell was going on and saw my cat hanging from the blinds by his back foot  he was all puffed up  oh yeah, i had just gotten out of the shower and hadn't finished getting dressed when this happened  not wanting to touch him with areas e playful osed i threw the towel from my head over him witch pissed him off more because he was now caught and wet "
its better to have loved and lost           then to spend the rest of your life with a psyhco     smile 
baby grils party was today had a blast!!
is excited!!! my floor gets fixed tomorrow!!!!
sub floors and dry wall down     hard wood and tile to go!!!!  smile 
my hito is a monkey! monkey monkey monkey!!
thank you guys for the birthday wishes! had a wonderful day hanging out with the kidos 
my head has kinda been in a fog lately  im feeling much better today  my babies can lighten even the darkest rooms  i love my babies!!!
its time to pull myself out of this funk ive been in lately!!!!
monkey butt!!!!
divorced and my dog ran away    dam my life is starting to sound like a country song    lmfao
looking threw some old memories today    
good night everybody!!! back to work tomorrow   
"i found my nimaway!!!!!!! i tired to post her mug shot but it wouldn't let me sad  \silly dog she is getting fixed so maybe she'll stay in the yard now "
my nimaway is home!!!!
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb til monday, dec 6  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 4 hours ago"
<propmale> out with my cuz today with the kidos  i love my family!!
is bored!!!!!
"men always want to be a woman's first love  women have a more subtle instinct: what they like is to be a man's last romance \--<propfirst> wilde"
say's monkey butt!!
is going dancing!!!!
<propmale> <propmale> shits on pigens   lol
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well       be a good sport and play along!!"
is pissed!!! dont mess with my babies!
took pictures with the kids today  now i is tired 
blah!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone  check out the christmas pictures  
i need music!!!!
monkey butt!!
"singing   woo you got that something    boy i wanna be where you are, and i falling for you   cant even fall for some other man cuz brother man! you know how to get hip to my heart      lol"
enjoying my <propfirst> so much      like you babe wink 
my wrist is killing me  sad  ouch!
"my mom made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me a little crazy at times  but moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love  ?"
i love my <propmale>!!
so in love with my <propmale>   
"if your dad is a hard working man and is and always will be your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you can't replace your dad!!!!"
