0f6046c991ff16b82d1365b2fd52baba
is everyone aware that it is shark week on the discovery channel?  scary 
why is my farm a mess? i go to work for 16 hours and come back to find everything deleted!!! wtf?
boo work  sad 
"dear morning, you are my nemesis and i despise you  sad "
so freaking happy that today is friday!
only 4 days of work this week   celebrate 
tgif
sick of being sick  sad 
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody!  smile 
boo work!
we just finished getting our christmas tree in the stand  it took 3 hours! ridiculous 
i have the fattest pug ever   what a chunk
global warming my ass   
"hopefully, i'll be able to get out of work tonight, but probably not  sad "
off to work   
i love pugs!
this snow blows   
fingers crossed that i don't get stuck at work tonight   
boo to more snow 
off work tonight  smile 
boo work  sad 
super long day today 
good stuff is happening today!!!!!! finally!
my dog found the only grass in our whole cemented-over yard and dug his way out tonight  good times!
i love days off!!!!!
last day at clc  sad 
happy easter everyone  smile 
pittsburgh for the week 
worst day ever  sad 
i love lost!
scrubs and pugs  awesome 
shopping  work  party  yay  smile 
i love the wetlands  smile 
i'm in love with the episode of southpark where the city wok guy builds a wall around the town!  still extremely hilarious  smile 
pool party  smile 
why does my father insist on yelling at the news? lol
boo work  sad 
my pug is 4 today  smile 
off all day  smile 
<propfemale>'s wedding weekend  smile 
12 hour day  sad 
happy shark week!  smile 
worst class ever
gotta love dem stillers  smile 
happy birthday bro!
"walking my dog, then off to work!"
day off  smile 
back to back 16 hour shifts  annoyed 
i think i'm getting another cold  wtf? i'm sick of this   literally 
hoping to get some sleep tonight 
"feelin' depressed, so maybe i'll play the piano today "
off to the worst night class that i've ever had the misfortune of being in!
blah 
work work work
so   my sister's dog just puked on me   my life can't get any better 
"worst night class ever, then out   smile "
study  sleep  work   a lot of it   sad 
will get over the past and love my future 
today is going to be a good day    smile 
vet with giz in the morning  sad 
"just sit back and wait  those that hurt you will eventually screw up all by themselves, and if you're lucky, god will let you watch   smile "
good stuff is happening   finally!  smile 
put this as your status if you know someone are related to someone who suffers from being a philadelphia fan  being a philly fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for pf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of philly fans wont repost this    because they dont know how to copy and paste    or win championships 
will not treat you like a priority when you treat me like an option 
"taking giz for a long walk, then dad's birthday dinner and presents!  smile "
everyone go vote!
"wow! the white trash around here never ceases to amaze me!  seriously, be more worthless  i've got you beat on my worst day  bahahahaha"
giz just tried to mount a little girl pug in the neighborhood! poor <propfemale>! haha 
loves rainy days  smile 
"studying, then the worst night class ever!"
 sad 
needs some better people in my life! ugh!
back to back sixteens   then my birthday   and my new car! i think it's just about time for some good stuff!  smile 
"just got back from hospital   finally   feeling better, though "
back to the hospital     thanks for all the birthday wishes 
home!  smile  i'd like to thank everyone for the birthday and get well soon wishes!  i really appreciated them 
happy birthday <propfemale>!  smile 
"herion barbie   what not to get your kids for christmas!  i know one, and she's not hot! bahahahaha "
feeling so sick again   this sucks  sad 
watching a movie with my bro  smile 
i pretty much loathe the morning 
new puppy toys for giz and the chomps  smile 
"bed, then lots of work  glad to be feeling better!  smile "
"ah sleep, how i love it!! then class and my new car!  smile "
see ya <propmale> <propmale>!
going to <propfemale>'s for my belated birthday dinner (tacos) and presents!!!  smile 
"i wish everyone would take this to heart   there comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good   life is too short to be anything but happy   re-post if you agree "
why do i wait until the absolute last minute to write long and involved papers?  responsibility is my middle name   
f this paper that's due tomorrow   seriously 
so excited for this week! almost all of my bests will be home!!!   smile 
<propmale> potter was awesome   and i don't care if i'm a nerd   clearly 
"if you are young, stupid, without skill or a job and not planning on getting one, unable to read, and still live with your parents   please do not think it's cute to start popping out kids   stop posting your baby bump on your facebook <propfemale>! let's face it, they'll be just as stupid as you are   i'm just writing what you all are thinking   seriously, screw latrobe   looks like everyone else already has!  bahaha "
lots to do tomorrow 
busy busy day today 
"is extremely and truly thankful for the life i have compared so some around me   today, it's good to be me   smile "
happy day with good friends   finally!  smile 
happy thanksgiving  smile 
punkin chunkin
burlesque was amazing   go see it   smile 
"happy day today   brunch with the girls, movie with my sister, and then <propmale>'s for dinner and drinks with everybody   i wish i had more days like today   smile "
wants to know at what age am i old enough to know better?
feeling miserable  sad  that's what i get for being happy for 2 weeks! blah 
"oooh  i love anything on television about the ocean   and sharks  yes, i'm aware that i'm a dork  i've come to terms with it "
"there is an enormous christmas tree in my living room, naturally  smile "
brt night tomorrow  smile 
lots of cleaning (like always) and decorating 
sleeping in tomorrow 
"why is the x-files boxed set still so e playful ensive? geez  it's old, you'd think they'd lower the price already  (we've been over my nerd factor before   )"
bed! lots of stuff tomorrow   big surprise  sad 
"wants to know why it's \common sense?\"" it's clearly not common  it should be called sense: a rare condition that few possess  ha!"""
working for dad today  smile 
needs a new dentist because my tooth is about to break   any ideas? <propfemale> monaco   fix me!
nap then night class 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of childhood memories  this is a movement to condemn the violence against children "
psych test 
in love with grace potter and the nocturnals 
i need a nap 
making tea and reading! this snow is great  smile 
cleaned beaker's cage  annoyed  birds are gross   don't get them!
cleaning and cooking for brt night  smile  ah fun!
cpr in the morning   blah!
"cpi   apparently, i got my trainings mixed up last night before bed!"
"would you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to say thanks to a fallen <propfemale> who passed away on dec  6 while serving our country -- usmc cpl  <propmale> <propmale> died in afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx  24 hours after news of his death  please pray for this family  semper fi!"
"pray for a strong mind, and open heart, and a peaceful soul "
"psych final, then sleep    deja vu"
"patiently waiting to move the f out of this craphole! you know, when a pile of money presents itself  ha!"
"no, no, no  i didn't trip and fall on my butt in front of a busy street with lots of people looking  i was making sure gravity still worked   classic me  at least i didn't break a tooth   annoyed "
"i just spent the last 3 hours in walmart  obviously, this was a huge mistake  the entire population of latrobe derry apparently resides in walmart, limping for unknown reasons (probably to scam welfare), and possess all sorts of speech impediments   oh, and one guy was even missing an eye (not kidding)   does anyone remember my rant about moving out of this craphole the other day? case and point   "
bursch family christmas party with my bestie! happiness  smile 
"sitting at home in my red and green pajamas  working a 16 hour shift tomorrow, but that's alright, because my client is a blessing to be around and it'll still be christmas, even though i'll miss my family! <propfemale> christmas!  smile "
man shall live forever more because of christmas day  (lyrics from my favorite christmas song) <propfemale> christmas everyone!  smile 
"rolling halupkis and making potato salad  this was my only day off to do it, so yum!  smile "
mortal kombat vs  dc universe with my bro   smile 
bahahahahahaha  smile 
ugh 
"well, my tooth broke today  awesome! (some of you might remember this! haha )"
suck a fat one <propfirst> <propfirst>
having such a craptastic day  sad 
happy birthday <propfirst> <propmale> mayo  smile 
ah bed  smile 
"what a bad day! ugh! someday, i swear, i'm moving to texas  yeah, i said it "
"wow  people are just terrible and they lie all the time   wtf? lol  ridiculous   \\go steelers!  smile "
woooooohoooooo!!!!!! playful 
stressed  annoyed 
ugh!
"on this lonely road of faith\i have been there\unprepared for the storms and the tides that rise"
