9bffe3b7a38f2c3e26c1f124867cf433
"if i could reach up and hold a <propfemale> for every time that you've made me smile, the entire sky would be in the palm of my hand "
i just saw a dog standing on the tool box in the back of a truck at a stop light and as soon as the light turned green the driver took off and the dog was slamed into the truck bed because his leash was tied to the truck he coulde't move and it broke my heart 
im happy for the half day tommorow!
tonight is the football game and it's the first time i've been to a game since 7th grade!
yay!!!! we won!!!   i think?
2 extra days off to sleep! what more can a girl ask for!
tired    simply tired 
is bogged down by the amount of stuff that needs to be done this week 
is finaly done with the rough draft for english!! yay sleepy time!!!!
red gatorade hahaha!
fall festival tommorow! can't wait to put someone in jail!!!!
yay!!! today we party!!!
is officaly not going into a child related profession after working at the fall festival jail cell booth for 5 hors straight! kids will now give me nightmares!!! starting tonight!!!
is officaly not!!! going into a child related profession after working at the fall festival jail cell for 5 hours straight! kids will now give me nightmares!!! starting tonight! if i come into school on monday super tired thats why!!!
had a nightmare in which <propmale> and his little friend <propmale> were kicking me screaming we escaped!!! we escaped!!! horrible!
tired! tired! tired! tired! tired   did i mentio i am tired?
i wanna watch kids next door!soooooooo awesome!
english test tommorow and i am totaly not ready!!!
friday!!!! yay sleeeeep    zzzzzzz
just spent the last 2 days playing video games and eating pizza nonstop!!!
is tired
i got my smoothie!!!!!
tired
soooooo who won?
my <propfemale> name is faylinn leaf autumn biddleboon  whats yours?
is sipping hot chocolate by a warm fire and feeling sleepy 
it's kinda cold   kinda
okay now i'm cold    that should not be allowed  dear god please make up your mind with this crazy weather we are having  sincerly <propfemale>
it is 10 smile 4 at nigh and there is a cow mooing in the feild behind my house   moo
game tonight!!!!!
here is a list of some of the phobias that really exist  hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia- fear of the number 666 didaskaleinophobia- fear of going to school consecotaleophobia- fear of chopsticks caligynephobia- fear of beautiful women bibliophobia- fear of books aulophobia- fear of flutes arachibutyrophobia- fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth porphyrophobia- fear of the color purple 
is sick and tired 
i'm good
just finished my english research paper rough draft nnow begining research for my government research paper due this friday  uggggghhhhh  just shoot me now!
tonight i'll be done with my research paper and i'll be done with working for the next week  <propmale> potter comes out tommorow!!
can you believe that we have our english final next friday!! i'm starting to panic!!!! i don't want to be kicked out of english into mr  <propmale>' english class where there are no girls!!! that will be 2 classes where i'll be by myself!
i'm ready to party!!!
i'm going to die!!!!!!!! if i don't show up tommorow you know my brain e playful loded from all the information i need to learn in 1 night!!!!!!!!!
i'm good now
i slepped all day   so i'm good now
have to get up at 5 smile 0 int the morning to get on a plane to florida!!! the only downside is that it is even colder there than it is here   
i'm having a crumy day got to florida at 4 that's <propmale> most 12 hours of travel and it turns out that some of my suit case melted from being on a luggage cart on the back of my mom's car to the airport and it turns out that it melted part of my <propmale>l time favorite slippers  and worst of <propmale>l we're not going to disney world!!!!!
tommorow i'm uploading the pictures i tokk of <propmale> potter world! it was amazing though i am mad that there was hogsmead but only 3 of the buildings were actually stores the rest were just props! i mean wht's up with that to build a small town ut you can't go in them?! buy the way pumpkin juice is amazing!!!!! but i didn't like the butterbeer 
i'm home wahhhhhoooooo!!! sleepy   
have to go to the dentist tommorow   only 4 days til christmas!!!!!
just saw tangled for the second time with <propfirst> garcia! i love that movie!
just learned how to do the heart thing    love 
"for one so small,\you seem so strong\my arms will hold you,\keep you safe and warm\this bond between us\can't be broken\i will be here\don't you cry \\'cause you'll be in my heart\yes, you'll be in my heart\from this day on\now and forever more"
taking my final tommorow! i'll be the only student in school    woah!
i feel like a loser   
the forecast for tommorow is snow!!!
about that whole snow thing    nevermind disregard it
i'm tired
i might have strepp   that sucks
i have bronchitis     boo
yay i'm cured!
guess wha guess what! i found my prom dress!!!!!
i'm tired   yeah
school is closed fpr the day yay! hey    i rhymed!
grabed the wrong notebook for english so i can't study!!! i'm gonna fail!
"as soon as i said \hey\"" your status offlined   should i be offended?"""
my dad is not going to let me go to school until ten tommorow even if tca isn't delayed!
who do you like better superman or batman? leave a comment!
i got a new computer!
i just finished writing the rough draft for my research paper in english and copied down all the notes i needed for my principles of technology research paper due friday     i am tired!!!!
have a <propmale> headache   boo
