f1b9f34e833f6b16bd597c0560f1a12d
it's my birthday  i thank the creator for life and family and friends to share life with 
i've had a beautiful day lunching with family and friends  talking with family and friends who remember my  birthday  i feel the luv   thanks to you all facebook family for all the happy birthday wishes 
hope goodness chases each and every one of you and catches you  good nite fb family
good nite fb family got to get up in a couple of hours 
"just read this on a friends bumper sticker pg   love all, trust few and do wrong to no one "
"las vegas vault collection info re: security camera deposit box, motion sensor, magnetic lock and reinforced door, you will need 2 of each item to build your safe to store your vegas money in   by:garry hubbard"
"i have a new grand daughter named <propfemale>  she was born july 22  she and my daughter are doing okay  she's a fiesty little bitty person   smile \\s"
@mafia wrs plyrs  does anyone have a motion sensor to spare  i need one to use in vegas  please & thank you 
a member of our mafia went to war with me a couple of days ago   i was not on-line and was not told before hand   annoyed 
goodnight fb  pleasant dreams 
"mafia wars friends, please do not send me any more pigs  i've completed the collection thanks to you guys  ? smile )? \\-------------------------\i've added smileys to this status update  wanna see them? go to http annoyed  s faci4smilesonline com  \                         "
i need help right now  scarface has declared war on me and i'm losing!!!
thanks to all the friends who helped in the recent war  and to all those who tried but were too late  we won! yahoo!
"please two more friends needed for bank robbery mission  e playful ires in a few hours  ?smile? \\-------------------------\i've added smileys to this status update  wanna see them? go to http annoyed  t smilefaces me  \                         "
"why is it that when i agree to help protect someone's presents, i always get a lump of coal? anybody happen to know the answer?"
i must be on <propfemale>'s naughty list cause my last 3 presents were all lumps of coal   lol
"friends, would you please add <propmale> watson to your mafia  he's new and needs mafia "
i don't know what happened to all my photos that were on facebook before they changed the <propfemale> layout  anyone else have this problem?
"vesna cvetkovic\asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention & in honor of all fighting it! ?"
is anyone else having problems with fb or zngya? all these new advertisements popping up are messing with the speed  & effeciency of my internet use 
ms  <propfemale> glitter-thong
war help needed right now please!!!!!
friends my fb pg has been acting crazy lately  that's why i haven't been playing the games much lately  seems to have resolved itself now 
good night fb friends  real life beckons 
good night fb god willing i'll be back tomorrow  sleep tight!
