5b22bb13a1de1a622405b61b503fec57
waiting for dinner
party to the heavens for 2011!
on the way to republiq    pre funking in the navi  yeeeee!
doing big things in 2011!
things are starting to get better as the says go  i'm more focused than ever and laughing at those haters as i set sail for the better 
damn i'm 26 today and i don't feel that much older  oh well     lets live it up as much as we can  we don't live forever!
life is short  so lets make the best off it  quit putting off plans and goals and conquer them today  take advantage of your oppurtinuties and <propfemale> every single moment cause we are not promised tomorrow 
the countdown has begun          
damn    another freakin paper!
its nice to know there are true homies out there  good looking bra bra     
well  i guess i'm leaving everything on gods hands         
"my mom's youngest brother past away a couple days ago and it is sad week for us all  he was a great uncle that kept you motivated to conquer your dreams  i miss you uncle <propmale>! i know your in a better place with nang and tang  i love you all and i know i will see you guys one day  but unitl then, i'm gonna make this life worth while "
yes sir  friday is the day  let everyone and their mothers know  it's on and poppin  cheaaa     
wow  its crazy  i am finally here  get ready seattle 
its sooooooo good to be back!
just got done running in sun  what a great summer day!
i'm bouts to start play tackle football again  can't wait to get on the field and lay some hacks 
practice went well yesterday and i made an impact on the field and impress the coach enough to play this saturday  but i am sores as hell    can't wait to play in the game though  let's go xtreme!
one more time  this time for good!
what a nice day  hmmmm   what to do  what to do  maybe i'll go for a run 
now-a-days the circle of friends should small and tight with the people you trust with your life and got your back until the end 
"i'm having a few people together to go out tonight  i think are meeting at all <propfemale> for the pre-funk then to downtown around 10 or 11ish  come one, come all  we bouts to do it big seattle!"
it is so nice out today  perfect day for a bbq  i'm going to workout first so i don't feel so guilty gorging on the island foods 
well last night was a blast! time for round two  who's up for it?
i think its about time i go and check out the bite of seattle 
damn   i really miss my beautiful little princess-bella   daddy loves you soooooo much 
just got my hair braided and it looks fresh for the weekend 
daaammmnnn      it's nice outside  i should probably workout then do some kind outdoor activity  hmmmm     got it    i'm gonna hit up the river lake ocean  something to with water is a must 
the republiq was so poppin last night  venom was crackin too  there were so many fine ladies 
just got back from floating down flaming geysers  it was a blast 
i think alki is a must on a day like this!
it is a good day for nice long run 
what's poppin on wednesday nights? somebody text me and let me know what's good 
bellevue is my new hot spot  i love the way its all set up out there 
i'm on my way to work   bartending at a wedding in issaquah 
well another wedding    time to be a mixologist again  $$$$$
what a beautiful day! so much to do     
friday the 13th! look out for <propfirst> tonight as ya'll go out partying 
<propfirst> frazier b-day party tonight at the republiq  it's going to be on and poppin'
it is freakin hott  i fell like i'm back in saipan 
on the grind for he next 13 straight days! $$$
finally a day off  i can do something fun and exciting 
last night was a blast  i'm up for round 2 
friday  just gettin the weekend started!
mnf is finally here 
off to work   gotta make more mula baby $$$ 
getting my hair did! waiting for the night 
off to play    time to burn off some steam!
last night was disaster    but made the best of it as usual 
what a beautiful day  i hope the fall is this nice  life is all good right now!
gonna go get my hair braided then hit up the barber for a fresh line up and then off the sisters graduation  love ya sis! i knew you could do it 
well looks like the perfect day to get a good workout in  la fitness here we come!
another perfect day to get a good hard workout in  i love la fitness!
my phone broke over the weekend and i cant get to my contacts    so i basically dont have any <propfirst>  so people dont think i'm avoiding ya  i just dont remember your number by heart 
i hate being sick     plus i cant call into work which makes it that much harder  fml
what a gorgeous day   la fitness then getting my hair did again  i love having friday and saturdays off  love my life!
last night was a blast! i'm feeling like i need to hit up la fitness     where is my workout partner?
"i cut ten inches off my hair last friday and donated to cancer patients  i feel like i'm helping out in this cold cold world    smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zuman000"
freak night is only next weekend     i cant wait to go  it will be the first time i get to see the real freaks coming out at night  plus lil' <propfirst> will be headlining 
"tgif! gym, braids, then party time  i love the weekends! cheaaa    "
downtown seattle here i come!
still in the lookout for my costume this year  any suggestions?
gotta love the weather right now! so much to do today     
got da filthiest braids ever! ready to get the night started 
the day has finally arrived      get ready for the night ya'll  freak night here we come! cheeeeaaaaaaaa!
what a record day! i guess the fall wont be too bad     hopefully
"i can get used to this weather in november   wink \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008_zuman000"
the weekend is here  hmmm   what should i do tonight? anything is possible  love my life!
great weather on friday    what more can i ask for?
i'm bouts to be rollin like a big shot  <propmale> <propmale> tuned up like as nascar pit stop 
"whats good fb? its friday, worked all week now its time to go blow off some steam!"
big things poppin on a saturday night 
just woke up after working a 12 hour shift of snow plowing  damn i'm tired  time for round 2  $$$$
i love the weekends! lovin my life right now    yeeeeeeee!!!!!!
big plans for the weekend      can this week go any slower?
a little tease in the weather     suppose to rain all week    weak
woke up to sunshine     cant wait to get the day started and the evening going  yeaahhh <propmale>!
idk what would happen without my cousins  their the best!
"so i know my 27 is only three weeks away   so i'm giving everybody a heads up  this years b-day is gonna off da chain, party bus, dinner, v i p  and then some  so if your lucky enough to get an invite i suggest you attend the party to start off 2011"
i have this great intuition that 2011 is the be my greatest year so far  get here already     
dinner and a movie on friday night wit a hot babe     sweet! lml
i'm getting my whip tomorrow     excited as hell! yeeeeee     
just got the whip and i'm feeling myself right now    even though its wet and rainy outside i'm out pushing it 
i am truly a procrastinator     havent started xmas shopping yet and i know the mall is packed  oh well i love living life on the edge 
still havent finish xmas shopping    in a mad rush     ughhhhhhh!
i always fall for your type             
off to make more mula baby $$$$
just got the white blackberry torch  yeah <propmale>!!!
2011 is less than 24 hours away  let's set off the new year right  republiq is the spot tonight come help me bring in the new year wit a <propmale> bang!
need seahawks tix  any got em for sale?
tgif  this weekend is bout to be the isshhh!!!!!
just got done grocery shopping for the parlay tomorrow    now just gotta sit back and watch and maybe help a little make some islander food      mmmm
thank you all for the birthday wishes and especially to those who came and help celebrate it in a big way 
let's go ducks!
seriously wanting to leave this state soon    there is nothing here for me  i need a much needed vacation!
happy hump day fb
just seen hasselback at the renton practice facility      i wished him good luck on sunday 
warming up   getting ready to play this football game  lets go!
celebrating a win at the sports bar with the best pizza in town      the works!
this the year for packers 
what a beautiful day  just can't waste these rare <propfemale> winter days
i hate being sick 
its rough going thru these long days without  my daughter by my side  lord give me the strength to make it 
just another day on the grind!$$$
finally the weekend is here  so much to do and so little time to accomplish it all 
well is time for to hit da town tonight! let's go!
just another bump on the road of life i have to overcome 
green and yellow!
i hope i find a better road to take cause these detours are getting harder to overcome  lord give me the vision to take the righteous path 
ugh   mondays are so slow 
"time to refocus and dedicate all my energy, effort, and time into regaining my daughter back into my life "
my homeboy <propfirst> is getting married on monday     !
finally a day off    time to get the weekend started  i got big plans for my boy on sat  remember yall its a surprise so lets not spoil it!
at the bar with the homies!
on a good one     yeeeeee!!!!!
on the way to the lucky strike wit the groom!
i can't stand fake ass peeps!
my boy just got hitched! congrats bro!!!!!!
well this day just reminds me that i'm still living in seattle   snow   hail   rain    sunny!!! four season in one day  crazy!!!
snow plowing all night til morning  $$
i use to love it when it snows  gather some peeps and go drinking and sleding    now i work and no snow play 
grabbing a new fit for the night!
playoffs!!
on the grind once again!! $$
cheers to new beginnings!!
can this night go any slower? fml
time for some pho! yumm
finally the weekend is here    time to blow off some steam!!
is getting the night started early  yard arm!!
just left da yardi    off to all <propfemale>!!
time for some hangover remedy  i love me some pho!!
i just wanna gig
pre-funkin    waiting for this shuttle  let's get right tonight!!
on the shuttle gettin twisted!! yeeeeee!!!!!
just another week of grinding! gotta make dat mula baby $$$
lil sis is in labor     so excited!! can't wait to meet you little baby 
downtown bound baby!!
is headed to lucky strike!!
i hate workin on sundays!
let's go sounders!!
bout to go see <propfirst> the movie then off to watch the huskies tear it up!! i love the weekends       cheaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
let's go huskies!!
snowboarding was the shiznit!! now its time to go play
i need a new job!! fml
happy hump day fb!
life is great
pre-funking at the homies crib   getting ready to hit the town up!! life is grrreeaatttt!!
today i dont feel like doing anything      
ughh      i hate being sick  fml
