75dab80ad804b1cb20e18c08faaf14e0
happy new year! hope everyone had a good time last night  loving the new year so far   smile 
dont want to clean my room  
gnarliest room clean up ever   ahhhh and now i have to work    annoyed 
work was a killer  want to do something  someone save <propfemale>!!
last night <propfemale> muchh fun! penthouse in irvine  wtf?!?! hahahah
going to visit my dad and sister  smile  loving the chill day
"hoping this feeling is right, what a downer it would be if it was wrong, only time will tell  "
"babys crying, want to go home, and being tired not a good combination  really just wanting to go so i can call him   smile "
up up and away  so whatever  blah work till 9 
mussiicc soothes the soul   smile 
soooo hungry  time to raid the kitchen  hahaha
ahhhh i need to figure this out    annoyed 
music is seriously the answer to all my problem   love 
im thinking nap time   smile 
kickin it with faith  doing the usual  haha  stoked case is coming up!!  smile 
dgafin it   pillows keep hitting me  whats going on   hahahah
weekend!! must mean partyy! txt me or chai  well let u know whats up 
crazzyyy nightt!! whos down for another??
clean up always sucks   good thing im almost done 
feelin down    sometimes i just really want things to go my way but they never do   annoyed 
i love the smell of rain in the morning   smile 
paranormal activity tonight!! hit me up if youre down to go   smile 
those late night drunk phone calls crack me up  hahaha   smile 
yea rain at 1 in the morning   cant sleep 
this weekend will eiter be amazzing or go to shit  which will it be??
tired from basketball  full from chipotle  time to shower and go partyy!!
i fuckkinnggg locvveee sannn diieegoooo  hahahhahah   smile 
back from san <propmale>  had alot of fun  cant wait to go back  hopefully i dont come back this sore next time   smile 
"<propfemale> tired, yet i dont want to go to sleep yet   odd   annoyed "
shower  going to sd once more  so not looking forward to the drive  
i really cant believe how inconsiderate some people are  
2 midterms today  chill after  dont want to get to crazy today   smile 
why i have a knack for fixing things i will never know   watever as long as it works right haha 
such a slow day  feels like it should be 10  im ready for bed already 
warm bed sounds sooo nice  i think its a date  smile 
feeling good today  feelings of change on the way  that may be just what i need 
damn u yankees!! just lost me money  not cool    annoyed 
car wash day  then work  then leave for vegas  ahhh 
got up way too early   tired   but going to vegas should be a fun night   smile 
finally home!! after 6 hours   
fingers hurt   thats what i get for playing guitar   smile 
when will i ever learn  
"had a good night  went next door, watched the fight, won 60 bucks, won 4 games of bp in a row! i feel accomplished  haha  smile "
work at 5  possibly going to see 2012 tonight  
2012 was amazing! if you dont think so you are crazy  
going to watch the meteor shower tonight   should be a beauty   smile 
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key and right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it worked for you!! <propfemale> wierd it does work! haha"
massive headache all day   i really wish it would go away    annoyed 
running on 4 and a half hours of sleep  yea!! haha  clubbing or bp tonight   help me decide   smile 
i swear 12 is my magic wake up time  haha
happy thanksgiving!
what to do what to do   when all i can do is wait   
<propfemale> sick of this bitch trying to bring me down  its not gonna work and im still gonna do watever the fuck i want  give it a rest   
trapped in this noproductiveness  
i love how it all of a sudden starts pouring  gotta love the rain   smile 
what a night  
in my world everyone eats rainbows and poops butterflies   smile  ahhhh 
work always pulls me away from something   but its ok im making money   smile 
off to barstow i go 
<propfemale> christmas!! hope everyones having a good one   smile 
<propfemale> coolldd  wish i had my heater 
sooo excitedd!! 1 more hour  then long drive but well worth it   smile 
mocha
rebelution tonight!! soooo stoked! its gonna be a fun night!  smile 
whos ready for a straight week of rain  
chargers wooping some ass today  so ready to see it  lets goo chargers!!!!
get to go to barstow tonight  go see my baby  im <propfemale> ecxited!!  smile 
died phone    trying to find a charger since i left mine in barstow   
saints all the way!! lets get it done!
snowboarding today!! should be fun!  smile 
soooo sore its ridiculous   ouucchh
isnt it funny how a day meant for love can turn into a day of disappointment and anger   
tattoo today! excited and nervous at the same time   
who the hell puts a hand grenade on the freeway    fucking idiots  
crazyness going on in the world right now    and its only the beggining  
work work work   
stomachs killing me  cant eat till bout 12   ahhhh
about tonight  i need people to pitch in  so let me know if ur down 
its nice to have a clean room   now im just wondering how long its gonna last  
"the music is what keeps me going, without it i would die "
staying up for 24 hours has its advantages and disadvantages   man am i gonna sleep good tonight  haha
decisions decisions    beach or go ball  hmmm   damn u nice weather  haha
going snowboarding with <propfirst> and <propmale>  should be fun  hopefully i dont eat it too bad today   
i need a pick me up  
accident yesterday   4 hours of sleep last night   and now i have to talk to insurance people   great way to start a beautiful day right    
"shower, clinic, potluck, then who knows    today promises to be a good day  no stress and no drama   smile "
such an awsome night!! now time for a little sleep before work 
only a month left for me in the oc   then back to barstow i go 
going to the gym  
i need a joco sesh <propfemale>oo bad   <propfemale> sore 
can my night get a little worse     thanks    
having a strained groin sucks   stuck on the couch and i work at 5   i hope this doesnt get any worse  
need to pack   dont really want to    only got 18 days left in the oc 
gym was nice  good workout  now time to chill till work 
gym
im finally clean!! yay   smile 
love the mornings i wake up and start blasting music   smile 
last day in sc   moving tomorrow  lets live it up tonight!!!
had a great night with my best friends in the entire world!!!! i love you all and will miss you all so much!  love 
chicken pot-pie =  love 
the screen on my phone is broken so if your're trying to text me i cant read it  just give me a call   smile 
gotta love those all nighters   especially when the car wont start at 3 in the morning at top of the world  hahaha  classic
its sooooo hotttt  
needing my friends right now   it sucks being so far away    
3 more days!!
sooo closeee yet so farr   
going to sc today! yaayy <propfemale> excited!!
in sac town for a week  hopefully i can keep my sanity  
i love my babes  they all treat me so well   smile   love 
lets goo celtics  lets wrap it up tonight! shut the lakers down!!
i love how i still get txts for parties and things from friends in sc  hahah  i love you guys! i feel so loved  smile 
finally home!! yess!
going to sc in the morn   probably staying till sunday!! should be fun!  laugh 
sooo fucking sick of this shitt
had a great time in sc as always! and even got to go to sd to visit case!  laugh  i love you all so much!!  love 
new phone soooo stoked!!
need <propfirst> for this new phone of mine  since the <propfirst> won't transfer   
who knew one wrong move could cause this much pain   
omgg first my back goes out then i step on a piece of glass   if i could get even more hurt this weekend that'd be great    
happy 4th! live it up!
<propfirst> butlers oceans gives me chills every time i hear it   to learn to play that song would be a <propmale> accomplishment 
insomnia please go away   i'd like to get a good nights rest for once   
so i've been looking at my phone screen for over an hour and i'm still not tired   ughh
3 hour convo with shooonn great talk for the middle of the night and now i'm hearing birds chirping  haha
it's a done deal  fuck yea! hahah
yeeeaaaa spain
wish i could be at the beach   it sucks to be in the desert   
the end is near    
ever seen a fly get its head stuck in a screen door  hahahah classic 
is anyone else e playful eriencing out of the norm weather    it goes from 110 to lightning storm in the span of about an hour  
"i love thunderstorms, they make me happy  smile "
wow its 95 degrees already   its only 10   
i need to see my sc people soooo bad! i fucking miss you guys like crazy!
what to do what to do   
soooo stuffed   blahh
phire that's what's up
one more week! ahhh
omg the simpson is hilarious hahahah
good to be home!  laugh 
on the way to vegas!
feels like i'm losing my mind   will i ever find it again? let's hope so   
"how do i get home, if i can't find myself "
chargers looking good  mathews is a beast!
i miss my boys     sad 
why does this voice in my head torture me <propfemale>   its not fair  
tryin to get right  gotta take those first steps though  
i hope these pieces fall into place and everything works out  its looking pretty good so far  i step closer to where i need to be 
la bound for the day!
drinks flowing already  hahahah  gonna be a good day!  smile 
i just gave my rasta bracelet away to my little cousin  well i guess that's another step   smile 
ready to sleep  and for the weekend to be here   hurry up please 
very good <propmale> im getting my job back  goin to talk to <propfemale> this weekend!! man is this gonna be a great weekend! sooo excitedd!!
i love the rain  smile 
cant sleep to excited  or something  im ready to go!
great night <propfemale> far!! we still got a long night ahead!! hahahah
<propfemale> wars family guy = my night maker  smile 
this time next week ill be in sc at work! hell yea!
lost words   
i think im gonna take a bath   hahah
and the boredom sets in   ahhhh
i love those random thoughts that put a smile on my face  smile 
"came down the hill to shop, going to vegas tomorrow to get my car, then sc on tuesday! stokedd!!"
i'm up to early    i'm grumpy   not cool 
smashin on this fifa
one more hour of driving  
first day back at work was a success  smile 
a lot can happen on a friday night
gotta love those morning fart talks   hahahah
whyyy whyyy   chargers you need to step it up big time!
goodbye professor bio   you will be missed greatly
foodddd i need foooddd
today is going to be a great day  and it all starts in 2 hours  laugh 
harbor house
ugghhhhh
mellow mellow mellow  love 
spontaneous human combustion - people blow up for no reason
issa was here on your <propfemale>! heres the proof
what is this and why cant i figure it out ahhhhh
issa strikes again!
bedtime  smile 
i hate the dmv  
"it's official, i now have a car registered to my name  woohoo"
that's bullshitt!! i'm pissed
i wish dreams were real
think think think   i need to get out of my head
anyone want to beach it today
i love sundays football all day  smile 
"i am happy today \this not like other days\somehow i feel ok, somehow i feel ok\ laugh "
a white russian widow with an ak-47 = bomb
blah blah blah   sometimes i feel like thats all i hear
the only time i will root for the pats is when they win me money! hahahah but i still hate them!
iceblocking!
and the soreness kicks in   lets play more games and get even more sore tonight  laugh 
good wake up call  smile 
this thought constantly swirling around in my head  yet i can't figure out what to do about it  the one thing i can't figure out  
i guess there's a first for everything   
cheesecake factory  laugh 
bummin   but that will all change  headed to sb for the weekend!!
<propfirst> barker at smokeout! omgg!!
"kicking it with the dust man and shooonnn,, work at 5 $$"
i'm loving this thunderstorm!
nobody will understand because nobody will listen
pb with the shoon  laugh 
dropped my phone in the toilet last night  let's see what happens tonight
fear and loathing from the things that matter most   why is that  
i would loovveeee some chicken noodle soup right about now 
bullshitt  
music is key for me to survive in this madness and chaos
productivity is what i want to accomplish today  lets get it done
it's nice to get away and just listen to good music with the waves crashing in the background  love 
feeling a little better today  yess hopefully it stays that way  no more coughing 
mamas almost here with the bro  awesome
crazy busy at work   can't wait to get off  laugh 
and the night begins!!
this is bullshit
"what to do, what to do   i guess its time to step up"
6-0 tonight  awesome!!
"strobe - deadmau5,, can't get enough, love this song"
dolphins at califia  laugh 
"universal studios today with family for my daddys bday,, buca di beppo for dinner,, now time to go rage it  laugh "
zombies on cod black ops! ahhh <propfemale> fun!
oncer agian issa strikes again
wow    awesome! hahahah
o t l
that was classic!
this headache needs to go away   
"work, work, work, that's all i seem to be doing these days  "
staying away from the goose for a while  
yet another adventure with the shoon
it's friday! which means time to party! letting the captain lead the way tonight  laugh 
"oo baby baby, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> la  laugh "
best nachos ever at hapa js!  laugh 
now that's a way to bump heads  haha  ouch!
i get to sleep in my bed!  laugh 
today is one of those i'm gonna get hurt all day type days   and its all gonna be achilles's fault   hahah
<propfemale> christmas!
funniest christmas morning ever  hahah
"i dont fuck with you while you're sleeping, so don't fuck with me while i am   a little respect\ would be nice   "
gym felt amazing!
old school hip hop  love 
boom boom bass bass  love 
bed
"going shopping, and buying my school book today  woo hoo  smile  \may even get some chick-fila today  laugh "
i cant move my arms    ouch!
another successful night in temecula! always fun!
lord of the rings marathon  6 hours of my life gone   hahah
pissed  
mother nature pulled a fast one one me    annoyed 
if only if only   
let's go packers!!
tgif!
lazy sunday  laugh 
spring break is definatly turning out great! and vegas next week! woot
why do so many artists jock other artists beats   makes no sense  
leaving for vegas in about an hour or 2   i got a long day of driving ahead of me   yeaa
in vegas for a week 
i havent been up this early in i couldnt even tell you how long  
f u <propfemale>    f u
gettin tatted
"fried chicken, string beans, and mashed potatoes!! sooooo bomb!  laugh "
4 hour drive ahead of me today   great 
back in town finally  
haven't worked in a week  excited to get back to making money   smile 
"another day, another dollar"
