e771382c2cd8da11a643506d69c615dd
wow- last night was something   best night ive had in a really really long time-i'm still laughing- it was totally ridonculous 
the dog trainer is coming over   my dogs are in for a rude awakening!
swatt tomorrow then work then taking the doggies for a walk! yay
swatt tommorow work then grand rapids with the ladies
swatt tomorow a m  then work   then take doggys for a walk 
cannot wait to go to chicago for the weekend with the ladies!
chicago for the weekend yay! i have to leave my husband and my puppys though  sad 
i am sooooo sick!!! i hate this    thanks <propfirst>! haha  smile 
this is going to be the most depressing week of my life!
cant stop laughing at the chi-town picts!  swat tomorrow a m  then work alllll day   boo
im excited to go to work tomorrow    smile  weeeee
having a bbq with the ladies tonight
going on a dinner date with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and hubby
yeah 
hanging with the ladiess heeeyyyy
tiiirrreeddd!  another 10 hour day   beautiful    going out again tonight with my faves 
im sad   my best friend is leaving     sad 
ready to start the week out! yay!
my brother in law is coming into town from cali  so excited!
to the lake house we go~
going to dawns reception this evening w girls from work and hubby   yay! it is going to be so much fun   open bar ya know 
"ready for the weekend, holla "
hangin out with sar bear tonight! yay!
wilbull what?  hanging with <propfemale> and <propfirst> yay!!
going to chelseas wedding then maybe hanging with <propfemale> and <propfirst>
<propfemale> and i are headed to chicago thurs-fri!  it will be so much fun!
boys are in a golfing tournament prolly hanging w sara
i am sick!! son of a bia
oh you know   hanging with the chikkies this evening
errr im sick!  resting in bed all day
"gym for a couple hours then lunch w lorrie,paula, and kel, then hanging w sar bear"
<propfemale> and <propmale> are coming and staying at our house this weekend!! i can not even wait!
going out with the crew   its been too long!
<propmale> and <propfemale> are leaving today! back to normal life! have a safe drive home 
having girls night-dressing up for halloween and pickle shots- thats what im talking about  smile  weeee
girls night was a success- ended up at wild bull- most fun ive had in a long time 
to my parents house we go- celebrating halloween- and to see my little cousin
going to the cabin for a long weekend w hubby and the doggies 
home from the cabin-what an adventure   now the weekend with hubby
house chores- then to the neighbors for din din and football
ohh you know going out with the girls    its goign to be crazy   it already is    blakvjdlksa;
going to michigan city shopping with my momma all day
making breakfast-cleaning-then having neighbors over for din din
helping ms  <propfemale> with pictures- painting my bathroom- cleaning the house- putting up the christmas tree and decorating wrapping presents then maybe going out with ally and <propfemale>    weeeee
home from <propfemale>- now back to normal life blah blah- dinner at the neighbors tonight and thats about all we have planned 
this week sucks
i cant even take it anymore- this week sucks
hanging with hubby and bro- then going to a bonfire- holla
just bought the wii- playing super<propfirst> brothers with hubby alllllll day long! weeeee-its me <propfirst>
"ohhh you know- going to tennesee for a couple days- its 52 deg , much better then 5 deg here "
another 12 hour shift then 10 tommorow then having girls night w my momma and sis
<propfemale> and <propmale> are coming home- its going to be a fun weekend!! weeee
going to zebs- ladies niiight- martinis all night--- chanels in town weeee
"i feel like i am at a totally different place in my life right now, its almost a relief, i feel very content- its fabulous   i cannot wait for baby "
hanging with the girls tonight
pretty sure we dont have heat in our house- service guy is coming tomorrow!
i am so bored- hubby asleep on the couch with the three dogs- going to the neighbors later 
s w a t for a few hours- tanning-then cleaning the house-meeting with some dog clients- and thennnn relaxing on my day off   weeeee
"just got outta work then we are going to the work party later, then hanging with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and possibly a after party at the neighbors late    it shall be a fun evening!"
"ummm last night was so fun! gotta love <propfemale>, because i sure do! i havent laughed that hard in a long time"
errr having a horrible night!
mon: swat in the am then work 12 hrs    then bed time! tues: swat in the am then work 12 hrs then bedtime-     blah!
got outta work early today weeee- week is almost half way over!!
parents are coming over tonight for cards then tommorow meeting with some clients and possibly seeing the neighbors    weee
"workout-tanner-clean- then meeting with dog clients, then hubby comes home from work and maybe we can watch movies all night   yay!"
"i guess its the superbowl today? going to <propfemale> and jays this evening to celebrate the \holiday\"" weeee"""
"when truth is discovered by someone else, it loses something of its attractiveness "
hanging with sar tonight- possibly the bull?? hm?
bro is over    playing the wii and drinkin    good times 
"my class at swatt this evening   then tomorrow swat again, and work 10 hrs  how exciting    right?"
swatt-work ten hours-then prolly swatt again with the hubby- then movie night
not having a good saturday-that is for sure 
"hey everybody! i have a new <propmale> dog, she is a pure bull mastiff female around 10-12 months that is looking for a home   let me know if anybody is interested  she is beautiful!"
i am sick! temperature-sore thoat- the chills- horrible horrible- on a good note: my <propmale> found a home- i am so happy!
i am feeling so much better- a day of rest did me good 
going to the neighbors to celebrate kevins birthday! yay!
ohh hanging with <propfirst> and <propfemale> today- should be fun 
"work 7-5, then going to <propfemale>'s aunties for her birthday dinner with hubby- then going to the bull with the crew to celebrate her bday!!! yayyyy"
just got home from gr- now i get the weekend with my hubby- oh so nice 
staying in tonight with hubby-sitting on the deck in the p m  in the nice weather   yay 
dogs are going home today- it's complete chaos right now
dogs are gone home- now time to watch a movie! tomorrow: swatt in the a m then work 12 hours then sleepy's  10 days n counting till florida! cant wait 
life is <propfemale> short!   
and i am supposed to be going on vacation this week? its hard to even comprehend vacation when everything is turned upside down 
visitation tonight    gosh   
just got home from florida- cant believe how much i missed my doggies! almost ready for real life to start monday 
"now that real life has  started- i am dreading it   wish i was on the beach  anyways- work till noon, clean the house, thennnnn meeting with dog clients- pretty exciting huh?"
pretty sure that one of the dogs were watching just took a dump on my coach purse   happy saturday 
so- definately going to <propfirst>cago with <propfemale> and <propfemale> from thurs-sat- cant wait- here we come <propfirst> town! lots of laughs and randomness involved- for sure 
poop 
err work   then probally mowing and cleaning- not exciting 
cleaning- then hanging with the hubby alllll day long   i cant hardly wait 
its amazing what you can get done in one night! tomorrow- working ten hours then going out with the girls- its been a week since ive seen them- way too long!
r i p <propfirst>! life is so precious 
going to a funeral in the morning   again 
feeling so off today  ugh 
"work for 4 hours then cleaning and then hanging with the grand parents tonight and family, should be a good time!  smile "
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! hanging with hubby and then the girls tonight! love you guys!
two words for you: <propmale> over   what happened  and why did the taxi drop us off 2 <propmale> from my house   my feet are blistered   
hanging out on the deck   loving this weather
"i need to look forward to something, and that something is not work "
"just got back from thaa beach, man was that a lot of work!"
"umm pretty sure last night we set up the slip in slide in my front lawn- just call me white trash, but man was that fun   now im feeeling my battle wounds "
"going to work for ten hours then going to south haven with a little picnic to watch the sunset with my hunny buns, happy friday!  smile "
home from the lake house! what a fabulous weekend! now  we have no plans- so we'll see what happens!  smile  wweeee
"ohh u know cleaning the house and then having a cook out! weee   rain or shine, rain or shine "
"yeah    so i didn't work out this morning    dang it!- work 12 hours then, im sure ill go to bed   exciting day, huh?"
work then hanging with the girls! hey hey hey
work ten hours then   who knows?! hanging with hubby for sure!
work then helping <propfirst> with the grad party- will be there a lot today!! congrats <propfirst>!
had the best night last night- shlippity shliding-in the front yard of course 
"going to red lobster with hubby, the girls, and saras fam! cant wait to see sars mom!"
wow- was last night somethin-spent the ngiht at sar's sis house-lots of fun! had a sleep over partay like we were in  highschool again
last night was ridonculous and <propfemale> much fun! <propmale> out w bro and the hubby now today were off to indiana to see some good friends for the evening!
"pray for philly- she is doing very poorly, i hope its not the end for her  sad "
going to wayside with the ladddyyyysss
goodbye philly-you will be missed 
had an awesome night last night with some good friends after a horrible day- now deciding if we are going to a pool party or not 
had the best night of my life which = 100 ft  slip n slide   wowzas-thanks to <propfemale> my little toe is crippled 
you khnow where its at
happy anniversary to meeee!!
work then <propfirst> and nicoles partayyy! should be a good weekend 
"the three legged race, and the safari adventure was aweesomee -now i want hubby home "
ugghhhh sick 
chicago bound as of 6 pm tonight! yay 
had an awesome night last night~ now im going to take a little nappy
"going to shipshewanna with my momma, aunts and my grandma! weeee"
i am spoiled  the end 
"working ten hours and then having date night with the hubby, its almost the weekend  yay "
ughhhhhh work 12 hrs 
if anybody is looking for free kittens or cats- lemme know! their are so many that need homes!
i looooove my husband--ohh baby 
going to lunch with my dad! then hanging with the hubby and possibly <propfemale> tonight   weeeee
going to the lake house with hubby and <propfemale> for the day then who knows what the evening will bring!
something is seriously wrong with me- ive never been in this much pain in my liiiiife! im about to amputate my groin
thanks to all the family and friends for supporting us this week   this week has been really hard on us!! we are so lucky to have the people in our lives that we do! love you all!
"trying to be on bed rest- for me, this is really difficult, but now i can actually tell that i need it, played a little too hard friday night, now im payin for it! if you are bored this week, come visit!"
"1  bed rest=boredom, its only 9 a m and im going crazy! 2  hubby finds out about his promotion  3  what should i make for dinner?"
tired   back to work    12 hours- coffee- check 
"work 10 hours then hangin with the hubby tonight  tommorow i have off-cleaning the house and being productive, hopefully "
having a cook out tonight for johns b-day! should be fun  smile 
going to the beach all day with <propfemale> doiy
"beach all day, beer <propfemale>, then a little dance party and on a serious note   gotta work 10 hrs  tomorrow! only young once i must say  must go to bed by 10, have to be a little responsible "
"work ten hours- then getting my hair done, theennnnnn going to wayside later in the evening  i have tommorow off   weeee"
"vacation with some good company, smokey mountains here we come!"
so just got back from vacation! now back to reality!
"so hubby surprised me with flowers at work, gosh how i love him! work 11 hrs  tomorrow and then celebrating chanels bday tommorow night! yay!"
just got back from the lake  it was peaceful and nice  now just waiting for hubby to get home so we can start the weekend!
"had a fever last night but today i feel great! going to joes work party all day! bowling,bumper cars, laser tag, here we come!"
"pretty sure i just downed a coke for breakfast, healthy   annnnnd hubby won the wii and wii fit at his work party, whats wrong w havin two wii's, absolutely nothin i tell ya!"
hubby is golfing at the yarrow waiting for him to get home   one more 11 hr  day tommorow then four days off!! weeee! what to do   what to do 
"cleaning the house then tonight going to the lake house to <propfemale> with my parents and <propfemale>, its gonna be fun, pontoon boat ride fa sho "
"dance party at 1 a m with the girls at the lake house like we have no worries in the world, maybe on top of a car, maybe, def  not normal, then to find out the neighbors were watching the \show\""- how am i ever going to live this one down   trouble follows us i must say! but it was a blast and very memorable  smile """
today- work 11 hours then tomorrow- grown up day with <propfemale> and we are going to garden and drink red wine  the end 
anybody want a beautiful persian satan looking cat that likes to pee on the bed? any takers?
erins surprise going away party was a success! thanks to all that made it out and a special thanks to my wifey <propfemale> for helping! love her 
"last night was, well lets just say, it was rather interesting but funnnn as always! doiy "
"enjoyed my evening at the lake house last night w hubby,bro, and parents  now tonight i think its deck sitting weather    maybe the neighbors will come over  hm "
work work work all day long 
bonfire    saras now! its a four loco night   oopsies 
"day off today- cleaning, laundry then going to din din w hubby and <propfemale>!"
"so- pretty sure my car was broken into last night and the gps was stolen, apparently i now live in the ghetto, terriffffff "
"going for drinkypoo with momma, bro, and <propfemale>   then possibly wayside with <propfemale> and <propfemale>"
last night was awesome  the end 
work 12-5 then the weekend   ldkfjakdjf
dofaijflkdalfkjlkajlkjndkall ya heard 
"work work work, yup "
i loove my life! would not change a thing 
"some people should just not reproduce, that should be a law "
"last night was nuts, and who broke into my facebook account? <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> or <propfemale>?! whiccccchhhh oneee wassss ittttt"
"work then layin low tonight with hubby, think im gonna pass on goin out, time to be a lame-o "
"first i hear that its supposed to snow, nowwww i hear four loco is getting banned off the shelf? is this real life? i am extremely dissapointed "
"lets review my week   first of all, i pulled out of my driveway on my way to work, maybe a little too fast and ran into the herby kerby which then broke the mirror off my car, second it snowed, third, four loco is getting banned  fourth i was attacked by a 90 lb  chow which was extremely tramatic, but he only got my arm, and tore my fav  sweat pants   hope next week is better "
hanging with the girls tonight weeee
going to michigan city today to shop with my momma  smile 
casino- here we come  pretty sure were going to win like a million dollars  doiy 
i must say    i have the best husband in the world  smile 
"dear insomnia, you are my arch nemesis   i wish i could kick you where it counts "
"just had dinner with some of my besties, missed you <propfemale>! now going to watch a movie with hubby"
ugh 
"my dogs were so excited to see snow this morning, and   i was cursing "
i hate <propfemale> airlines  never flying it again 
home sweet home  smile  missed my puppies 
"lovin my life  lunch with the rents then shopping with my momma, then bills and grocery shopping tonight with hubby"
having ally raino and <propfemale> over for lunchies and then maybe going christmas shopping? hmmm
"excited about your new years <propfemale> partayyy, and awaiting nicks arrival- this week is going to be vurrryy exciting "
"we are having a baby! due date is july 20th, never have been so excited  smile  heard the heart beat today, what an amazing feeling "
"2010 was prolly the worse year of my life, but 2011 has lots of promises, especially with little baby in my belly  we are so ready "
"i have had an awesome couple days, now tonight i have my work partayy and tomorrow we are just gonna relax, ohhh how i love the weekend "
"work, thats what i do "
"picked up brother in law from airport last night- excited to spend some time with him- today lunch with the rents, then grocery shopping, and maybe a movie"
snow forts and snow ball fights  pizza soda and movie   wii fitt all day long    with my favorites  it was a really good day 
"had a good dinner with the girls last night plus <propfirst>, hubby and <propfirst>- now going to lunch with my parents and <propfirst>- tomorrow i work all day  smile "
"i hate kazoopys! dont ever ever eat there  horrible customer service and the food was terrible  i've never in my life had such a bad e playful erience, they are officially black balled "
"morning sickness- second day in a row- and to think i had a really good run there for a while, now its back to haunt me  thought i was supposed to be getting over this  dafdfkjd;la"
"this whole not sleeping from 2 smile 0 to 5 is getting old, i'm exhausted, just cant sleep  dang it baby "
up again    hopefully this time its not for the day  somethings gotta give 
r i p  rio- you were a great car- maybe a little shady looking butttttt good transportation-now-i need to buy an suv- any recomendations?
costco grocery shopping in gr and then car shopping allll day long- i am really feeling the saturn outlook- lovin it 
"i think im ready for this baby after having to take care of my dogs last night- diahrrea and vomit all over the place, maybe if <propfemale> didnt break out of her crate and eat 20 cups of food, and a bag of treats she wouldn't be feeling this way   taking her to my work to fix her up  poor thing "
snow day for me but not for hubby  hangin with my dad!
if anybody is interested in great <propmale>  english mastiff puppies lemme know!  i am starting the waiting list   if you look under my pictures there is a picture of my dog who is from an earlier litter 
hockey game tonight with the pepsi crew- then tomorrow is superbowl-weee
"being pregnant is for the birds- morning sickness again, thought this was supposed to be over with oh five weeks ago?! bahhh"
"this baby is making me have some crrrazy dreams- i dont know wether to be excited to go to bed or to be nervous, sometimes they are just nuts!"
pulling up the carpet in the baby room with my fave girls-will be so happy when this room comes together!
"working till seven on <propfirst>s day- how romantic   at least i get to spend the evening with my favorite person in the whole world   he has been my <propfirst> now for eight years, and it never gets old, it just gets better "
work till five then going to sar's house for girls night- apparently baby liked me typing that because i just felt it kicking  smile 
"ohhhh hubby why must you work all weekend-your wifey and doggies miss you- off to tape the baby room off- gotta do somethin, im goin crazy and its only 9 a m eek "
baby room is primored (sp) -i officially have the best hubby ever  black and yellow black and yellow 
for everyone that is wondering- i am not painting my baby room black and yellow- i just have the song on tha brain  black and yellow black and yellow
so- we are having a boy!! yay!
"puppies, puppies, puppies! 11 born last night- i am going to be whooped all day- mamma did such a good job! love them "
michigan city with my momma today! shopping for baby stuff!!  smile 
its possible that i could be buying maternity skinny jeans today- dont hate 
"had a great weekend with <propfemale> and <propfirst> now off to real life, super "
going to pinz tonight with my girls- then lunch with parents tomorrow and then <propfemale>'s bday dinner  what a busy day 
