4f51ab0a8a4233d3574a430e9116b6d5
"it's better to give than to recieve  it's better to bless and pray for, than to curse and condem  it's better to be honest rather than to lie  it's better to have faith in everything everyone than turn away from them  it's better to love than to hate  it's better to be positive than it is to be negative  it's better to be patient and take one thing at a time rather than rush through and do poorly on "
"is it being a creeper, or is it really just being a gentleman lady? is it being a stalker, or is it really just being a caring concerned friend? is it stupidity, or is it really just ignorance? is it being obnoxious, or is it really just a cry for attention? is it sadness, or is it just the lack of love?"
"i'll stand by you, won't let you down  i've got your back, no need to frown  when night is day and day is night, i'll be there, your bright light knight  no need to cry nor separate, i'm your friend, your bright light knight  may we eternally dance our lives together, in our beloved friendship manner  in this manner we waltz away, the manner of the bright light knights "
"dear human race,       no matter much you beg or pry, you cannot bribe me  i would never betray my friends' and family's trust so stop trying  no matter how much you try i won't ever smoke nor drink due to the vast amounts of pain it has indirectly afflicted to my family and i, so stop trying  no matter how much you tempt me, however strong the urge, you won't change me unless it's for the better "
"therefore, as god's chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and <propfemale>  bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another  forgive as the lord forgave you  and over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity  colossians 3:12-"
"on this day, i see clearly now, the path that's spread before me on this day, i will give myself, to love and to nurture on this day, i'll devout my life, to do his will and cause on this day, anywhere, any time, any way, i'll give myself for him on this day, my whole life, i won't deny his love on this day, i shall join the body of one "
"some say i'm a dreamer, but i can't be the only one  imagine all the people living in <propfemale>  all together, happy, and strong  after all, in time all we are is dust in the wind  nothing last forever; except actions of love and kindness  that is why i'm a dreamer, and i most certainly am not the only one "
you are to fire as i am to water you make the <propfemale> as i form the compliar you burst with passion as i flood with compassion you smelt the earth as i tend it's garden you give love as i give life together we mix to compile some tricks and in these tricks we fix our kicks  -the balance of nature i (mat)
"chime chim, chim chime  the wedding bells sway    ding <propfirst>, <propfirst> ding  my heart is cast away    bing <propfemale>, <propfemale> bing  cast away in love    ring rang, ring rung  out goes the dove    swing swang, swing swung  she tosses the boquet    fling flang, fling flung  began the perfect day  -wedding bells (mat)"
earth nurishes the roots   wind drops the fruits   and the circle is repeated  earth builds mountains   wind shapes canyons   and the land drifts anew  earth causes fissures   wind makes us quiver   and together we are depleted  earth is seismic   wind is cosmic   and together they are true  -the balance of nature ii (mat)
"dear god, <propmale> me the serentity to accept the things i cannot change - the courage to change the things i can - and the wisdom to know the difference "
"it's not easy being a n surprise ne  who can you always count on? n surprise ne  who's always picking up after everyone else's slack? n surprise ne  who would gladly sacrifice themself for others? n surprise ne  who puts others before themself? n surprise ne  n surprise ne  who is always there for you when needed most? n surprise ne  who, even in a foul mood, would always do their very best to aid others? n surprise ne  who doesn't hesitate to offer assistance? n surprise ne "
"is often misunderstood  it's just something we learn to adapt to and move on  besides, being misunderstood isn't always a bad thing    other than most people's first impression of you being intirely wrong     if they even give you a <propmale> "
"it's funny how so many people quote christ in their sayings yet so few quote him with their actions  have and give both hope and love  the world will be so much better when all of our corruption is purged  let go and let god  until that time arrives, i'll do my part to help everyone despite what they all say and think  don't let other's change who you are "
"it came upon the morning sun that his will shall be done   then we'll raise our hands and yell, 'god be praised!'   it came upon the evening mist, that the devil himself was surely pissed   that we all ascended to the heavens and yelled, 'allah be praised!'   it came upon the heavenly sky, to the <propfemale> gates of yor'   then and there he greeted us as we said, 'lord be praised '"
"the human heart may indeed be the deadliest weapon, but it is also the most potent healer "
"i am an angel   i am a demon   i care for others, yet without reason   i love no one   i hate no one   i simply am a guardian -mat (the bastion)"
"\you come to love not by finding the perfect person  but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly\"""""
\you can't e playful ect to find the right someone until you\,4f51ab0a8a4233d3574a430e9116b6d5,"you can't e playful ect to solve any dispute or situation without looking at it from all points of view  you must not only be straightforward, but also learn and accept the opinions and ideas of those who are involved directly, indirectly, and even the spectators  only then will a dilema be fully solved and all can move on "
"happiness isn't found in what or who you have; rather, it is being content with what or who you have "
humans are strange beasts that will never be understood  that is just one of the many wonders and beauties of humanity 
"my friend, \adriana macchione\"" --fact of life-- after every monday and tuesday even the calendar says 'wtf?!'"""
"oh brilliant night sky   for ever bright night sky   you look at us with sympathy   forever granting us empathy   cool wind blows   <propfemale> light glows   forever watching over our souls   for in the dark it is known   that we are truly renown   not by humanity   rather by his majesty   the full <propfemale> becons the lone wolf's howl   thereby re-instating our bond is greater than the acursed red fowl  -mat \night sky\"""""
my poems have meaning   they aren't just a jingle   they're an <propmale> with a purpose   with a message so wonderous   if you can't quite grasp it   then allow me to jest   each poem comes at my very best   i pour my he<propmale> into the meaning   i give my soul to each reading   it might be unclear   but don't just guess   it has its secretes only the best can ingest  -mat (my poems)
's highlight of the day: watching a giant prey-mantis decappitate and eat another bug  awesome!!!
"'s highlight of the day: having a two hour conversation with my newly met friend, <propfemale> grubbs"
"yesterday's highlight: volunteering for the \run uwg\"" """
"hasn't done it in a while, so what the heck? highlight of the day this time is very deserving  this is the third time it has happened to me so far  this is for all you animal lovers out there  a squirl, and not just any squirl, a baby squirl, ran up my leg, across my back, and perched itself on my shoulder  i look at it, it looks back at me  next thing i know i have a curled up fur ball taking a nap on my shoulder "
"'s highlights: service, service, and more service all day mixed with only having my favorite class this semester today  got to do the thriller dance along with the macharaina and improvs for the monster mash and cotton-eye <propfirst>  gave <propfemale> out to kids plus set up, cleaned up, and packed up booths, and was able to hand out all the free uwg promotional items and keep my sanity all day "
"i want to thank my apo family from the depths of my heart for all that you've done for me  i just wish there was some way for me to pay you all back  i love you all so much! gah, i'm literally crying now  thank you all for everything, i will never forget this "
"special needs kids are not sick, gross, or stupid  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way "
"happy birthday anniversary apo!!! 85 years of fellowship, leadership, and service going strong! apo for life!!!"
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they have been months apart   they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are  ?"
"r i p  <propfirst>  may god comfort your father and your remaining friends and family  you will always be remembered as a great man, an honest, caring,, friendly, and helpful person, and most importantly, a great son, brother, brother-in-law, worker, and friend  i had fun being with you, even if we only just met last semester  you will be missed, but you will always be loved and remembered "
loves apo! i love my friends=brothers=family! i don't know what i'd do without them! apo for life! lfs!
"wants to thank his apo bros for all the support they've provided me  special thanks to <propfirst> deen and <propfemale> <propmale> for helping me study for my bio exam tomorrow, i'm a lot more comfortable with the material now  apo is a family, through-and-through   love "
"so international night at uwg was cool  there was cuisine from around the globe (made by internationals of course), african drummers, belly dancers, and         <propfirst> cullen             turns out he's french  go figure  i'm just dissapointed that there wasn't a brazilian <propmale> there to start a team <propfirst> vs  team <propmale> fight      swedish style "
"behold the power of love and friendship  i'm so lucky to have the people i know in my life  i'm still in awe at how the human heart is both the deadliest weapon and the most potent healer  whatever happens, i wish you all great happiness and love  *enter nerd <propfirst>* live long and prosper "
i dare you- (xc} playful {d3) -> how many happy faces can you find? <- *hint there's at least 20!* :think outside the bun:
"is it funny or sad that although i'm in college, a lot of students have the maturity of elemtary students?    7th graders at best    calling them high schoolers would be over-qualifying them while insulting real high schoolers  note- since today was \hug a short person day\"" and i saw very few of you    you all get a flying ninja hug (that was for you <propfirst> <propmale>) since you're all shorter than me  playful """
so today in biology lab i got to dissect (finally!!!) a fetal pig  then i got to handle a sheep brain  guess what i said before i took off my gloves?                                ready?                                                                                                              smell my finger!!!  smile 
the girl you just called fat? she is starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours in the mirror putting on makeup hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? is abused enough at home  there's more to people than you think  make this your status if you're against bullying
it's the simple things in life that really help make a difference  i'm so happy to have the things i never dreamt i'd have and that so many other people truly need and deserve 
think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post this for 1 hour  do it for all!! i hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
"had to replace my old phone, but the contacts didn't transfer  annoyed  if you can, please message me your phone <propfirst> (let me know whether or not to message you mine)  hope everyone had a great weekend and an <propfemale> easter global sphere day (???)!!!"
"\don't you think a filled out scantron could make an awesome guitar hero [and or rock band] song?\"""""
gah! thank the merciful lord that's over with     yawn    nap time!  smile 
