b2550d650ae0511673fc86f1d90003bd
no one needs to know how we feel no one needs to understand cause they can't have a hold on us it's not just any kind of love i know when something is too sacred to touch
"once upon a time, i believe it was a tuesday when i caught your eye  and we caught onto something  i hold onto the night, you looked me in the eye and told me you loved me  were you just kidding?  cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking down  we almost never speak  i dont feel welcome anymore  baby what happened, please tell me?  cause one second it was perfect, now youre halfway out the door"
well this is not your fault but if i'm without you then i will feel so small and if you have to go always know that you shine brighter than anyone does 
board    waiting for <propfirst> to get off work so i can head down to sioux falls and <propfemale> out with him               
f m l
is thinking she needs to go do something!
"but it doesn't matter how i feel now, anything at all since i've left you with the wrong impression while i'm still the same, when i turn around and look at my life, shadows in disguise    "
i'm in love with <propfemale> lemke
i could follow you to the beginning and just relive the start and maybe then we'll remember to slow down to all of our favorite parts
"where's your gavel? your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me, well sentence me to another life"
"if i'm a bad person, you don't like me well i guess i'll make my own way it's a circle a mean cycle i can't excite you anymore"
i'm growing so distant nothing makes sense to me anymore i'm learning to resist becoming more than you ever were ( this is a song mom!)
going to <propfemale>'s after work to play world of warcraft!!
can you read between the lines? or are you stuck in black and white? hope i'm on the list of people that you hate it's time you met the monster that you have helped create
going to watertown!
"i've hoped for change, and it gets better everyday i've hoped for change, but still i feel the same     and i'll confess that i can be a little selfish and i'll admit i don't want you to help me through this i don't want to start over again"
cause when i close my eyes and drift away i think of you and everything's okay i'm finally now believing that maybe it's true that i can't live without you and maybe two is better than one there's so much time to figure out the rest of my life and you've already got me coming undone
going to mariahs !
"i'll bet two years i'll bet one year i'll bet those years you won't be herei guess i'll keep, i guess you'll keep every memory sadly we may never be"
ugh    fml!
going to the bank with my mommy!
wow    i suck at life! fml
"i'd like to take you down, and show you  deep inside, my life my inner workin  so smell and lack of inner pride,  to touch upon the surface, is not for  what it seems, i take away my problems, but only in my dreams "
ugh second day of tech school and im already tired   
i love him!!
you're growing cold the end is near i know it's sad its true my dear what's one more blow to seal this fate and what's one more nail it's getting late so check our pulse keep our hearts from breaking beating still six feet deep a funeral for all the love we've lost  we'll bury yesterday
skru den jeg gjort prøver å gjøre dette arbeidet ut!!!
i swore i'd never fall again but this don't even feel like falling
and i'll confess that i can be a little selfish yeah i'll admit i don't want you to help me through this i don't want to start over again
we crossed paths for a reason the planets aligned in that particular season it's clear to me that well eventually be inseparable i love your existence and i can't get enough
i feel like a piece of bread being toasted    
so one day he found her crying coiled up on the dirty ground her <propmale> finally came to save her and the rest you can figure out but it was a trick and the clock struck 12
you creeper!
i gota pee lets see how long i can hold it  wink      updates later!
i never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that i keep locked inside of me so deep it always seems to get to me i never really wanted you to go so many things you should have known i guess for me theres just no hope
"never wanted this, never want to see you hurt every little bump in the road i tried to swerve people are people and sometimes it doesn't work out nothing we say is gonna save us from the fall out and i can't breathe without you, but i have to"
i'm only up when you're not down  don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground  it's like no matter what i do  well you drive me crazy half the time; the other half i'm only trying to let you know that what i feel is true  and i'm only me when i'm with you 
this whole day has been one big laugh riot!!
"you're my addiction, my prescription, my antidote  you kill the poison  ease the suffering  calm the rage when i'm afraid  to feel again  how can i tell you just all that you are  what you do to me"
"now when i caught myself, i had to stop myself i'm saying something that i should have never thought of you you're pushing and pulling me down too but i don't know what i want"
yay!
is putting off doing homework! lol
"and i'll take the truth at any cost cause we are broken what must we do to restore our innocence and oh, the promise we adored  give us life again cause we just wanna be whole"
each step you make each breath you take your heart  your soul  remote-controlled this  life is so sick you're automatic to me there's no real love in you why do i keep loving you?
"i'll give you all i've got to give it's never too late to say i'm sorry we have one life to live,  that'll be the beginning of a great story"
so pardon me while i burst into flames  i've had enough of the world and its people's mindless games 
yay! im super excited!! and im hoping to see some ghosts tonight while playing with the ouija board!!
i dont know if i should go back to bed or get ready      i wish i could do both or get ready while im sleeping lol
i'll watch the night turn light blue but it's not the same without you because it takes two to whisper quietly the silence isn't so bad till i look at my hands and feel sad cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly
i am so confused!
your so vain you probably think this status is about you
if we cut out the bad well then we'd have nothing left
to much distance to measure it out    out loud
sell your crazy some where else     were all stocked up here
yummmm cookies!
open your eyes like i opened mine it's only the real world  a life you will never know shifting your weight to throw off the pain well you can ignore it but only for so long you look like i did you resist me just like this
i love you yo yo ( kaden making my status)
can't wait to go to watertown tomorrow!
sneezing is sexy! lol
this weekend went by way to fast!  sad 
you were the one that i couldn't find hidden away in the depths of my mind
"i'm not sure what's altruistically anymore cuz every good that i do is listed, and your keeping score love's not a competition but i'm winning or at least i thought i was but there's no way of knowing"
prom!
thinks that i like to fuck every thing up cuz i gots skill like that    say what?!?!
shove your perfection up your ass!
tomorrow we will talk about yesterday right now i got nuthin' to say honestly feel betrayed like my love was ripped outta me the cycle is all to fimiliar to me
"look behind my face can you still see me?  or am i gone, just a fantasy? i look into your eyes grows insanity oh are you searching' for that fantasy?"
had an awesome time seeing <propfemale> may and her boyfriend this weekend     and hanging with <propmale> all weekend!!
"they don't know how long it takes \\waiting for a love like this \\every time we say goodbye \\i wish we had one more kiss \\i'll wait for you, i promise you i will"
"here i am perfect as i'm ever going to be you'll see, love me for me\\n :vanessa: "
i never wanted to say this     you never wanted to stay now did you?
"here's a bombshell just for you turns out i've been lying too yeah, i'm a white liar\\truth comes out a little at a time and it spreads just like a fire slips off of my tongue like turpentine and i don't know why, white liar"
i dont want your damn frinkle fries!\\n :vanessa: 
<propmale> leaves today for basic  crying       i will miss you baby     i cant wait till you get back!! love you more!
never mind he came back!!! and ruined our wedding date lol
"if you let me i could, i'd show you how to build your fences, set restrictions, separate from the world  the constant battle that you hate to fight, just blame the limelight "
"too much distance to measure it out, out loud"
"i've tried not to care, but its all i think about\\n"
does history guide you or do you set out to change it\\n :vanessa: 
going to go look at wedding dresses today!
hmmm    what else would i truly e playful ect from you    
can't stop thinking of you and me and everything we used to be it could have been so perfectly
getting all my wisdom teeth removed today     ugh
ughh    i want some bacon
"remind me that we'll always have each other when everything else is \gone we all have a sickness that cleverly attaches and \multiplies no matter how we try we all have someone that digs \at us"
"sometimes when i'm alone, i wonder\is there a spell that i am under\keeping\ me from seeing the real thing?"
got my nose pirced and my second tattoo done today!
excite to go to <propmale> in 2 days!
i am  going to miss my mom while i am in <propmale>
sad to say but i can't wait to get back to salem \\n :vanessa: 
is like stuck in sioux falls my car brokeneded  but at least <propfemale> kalinay is with me
dont cry to me if you loved me you would be here with me  if you loved me come find me make up your mind
"some things you will regret, somethings you cant take back, what can kill you will make you stronger"
i love <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst>
if i die young bury me in satin lay me down on abed of roses send me out to the river at <propfemale> <propfemale> me away with the words of a love song
"so let this drought come to an end and may this desert flower again and\ i need you here\i can't e playful lain but a day without you is like a\ year without rain"
i never wanted this  its because of you i'm dead inside
"and who do you think you are\\running 'round leaving scars\\collecting your jar of hearts\\and tearing love apart\\you're gonna catch a cold\\from the ice inside your soul"
in missouri almost got eaten by cannibals on the road!
will be on a plane to montana soon
<propfemale> x-mas!!!
is bored with <propfemale>
waiting for class to end ughhh
party tonight? hmmmm\\n-vanessa-
thank you every one for the birthday wishes!!
playing wow!!!
"another day in this carnival of souls\another night's sands end as quickly as it goes\the memories are shadows, ink on the page\and i can't seem to find my way home"
back from the hospital finally!
"who named trojan condoms? the trojan horse entered through the city gates, broke open and loads of little guys came out and messed up everyones day "
fucking loves capri suns!!
