5b8dc47ccaf75945e40b4e1562dd3c88
6 days and <propfirst> comes home for a visit!
"after needing a new roof because of the last tornado, i realized i'm really not okay with being under a tornado watch until midnight! i'm a little antsy, to say the least "
"my sister and i are starting up the arts and crafts business again! the website is giving me trouble, but you can check out some stuff at whysperwyldarts etsy com  i'll be adding more as i get photos done! it's pretty much all silk scarves right now, but "
got to stop with the stupid surveys
happy father's day to all you dads out there!
excited to see <propfirst> tonight!!
sad <propfirst> had to go away again 
today is the day i lose cell contact with <propfirst>  bummer  i hate that!
"well, i just had the last phone call  so sad "
back on bed rest  can this baby please be born already?
hospital visit #7 last night  just have to make it to next week!
happy 4th!
i had a lovely baby shower! thank you everyone!
t minus 36 hours-ish! yeah!
it's go time!
home with finn and everything is going great! he is the easiest baby so far    hopefully i didn't just jinx it! i will get pictures up soon 
exhausted and trying to get over the fact that finn will be 9 months old before <propfirst> sees him again  yuck 
i have decided i am jealous of everybody going to the mn state fair  i haven't been in soooo long and i want to go and eat things on a stick!
just booked tickets to boston for the reunion! i am wicked excited! yeah!
anybody want to be my neighbor? the house next door is for sale!
super excited for casa <propfemale> tonight!
"i've learned that there have been a lot of babes named \finn\"" born this year! how weird - i didn't think there would be that many!"""
i found the woodworking power tools - they were next to the swing 
snuggling finn - so nice!
"i had secretly hoped finn would be a late sleeper, not an early riser!"
"if the saying \no rest for the wicked\"" is true then i must be very very wicked!"""
"finn is asleep on the living room floor - won't sleep in his crib, cradle, my arms or the swing, but he likes it in the middle of the room  weird! at least the crying stopped "
i downloaded google sky for my phone and i now know the exact <propfemale> <propfirst> is located through my deck and the earth  if i could only dig a deep enough hole   
"our newest nephew conner was born this evening! all 5 2009 babies for the family have arrived safely! yeah! congratulations, <propmale> and <propfirst> - we can't wait to meet him!"
so - that guy from colorado at the center of an assumed terrorist plot lived about a mile from us  pretty crazy!
"well, apparantly my freak attack was for nothing  gross topic - but finn finally pooed  it was getting scary there! but that means it looks like things are back on track for the poor little guy!"
been up since 3 smile 0 am - it's going to be a looooong day!
seriously considering roller derby   
finn is still sleeping! hopefully we have turned a corner and he will now be a happy baby!!
"i accidentaly left <propfemale> outside tonight while we were gone and then proceeded to get yelled at by the neighbors because she barked  the thing is - they leave their dogs outside all the time when they leave and the dogs bark all the time, and they're dobermans and scary! sheesh "
seriously wishing i was at beer fest   
"great day apple picking! <propfemale> had a blast, and now maybe she'll try apples   "
"<propfemale> is collecting things to send to the iraqi children  if you have pocket sized items you could send over let me know  <propfirst> says they need soccer balls, stuffed animals, pencils (<propmale> supplies) and chocolate to give to the kiddos he meets  but anything would be welcome as long as it fits in an acu pocket "
might have a job - wish me luck!
i have a baby with a cold  poor thing! at least he is in a good mood despite it!
"snow again, yay    i moved out of the mountains for a reason  little did i know i would pick a location at 6500 ft  almost evergreen  can't win!"
"got meds, yeah! now let's just hope they work   "
"the meds are starting to work! i can actually hold finn and play with him without being afraid of dropping him  it's fantastic! also, i got my handicap parking tag so now i can go to the store wiithout the fear of being exhausted and my feet killing me before i even get in  yay to mobility and freedom!"
"it's snowing and it is beautiful! made even more beautiful by the fact the only thing i have to do today is get <propfemale> to and from school, so i can just enjoy the snow and the fire in the fireplace!"
"no kids and a night on the town - it's been a while since that's happened! should be fun, though!"
i just found out my cousin is currently on her way here from ks! woohoo!!
mri today - hopefully they can figure out what's wrong with me!
"mri was a success  i will be seeing the dr  friday to discuss results  in case anybody was wondering - i have had neuropathy in my feet for 2 years now, but it has gotten worse and the sensations are now traveling up my legs, which is making walking and driving difficult  it is also in my arms and i'm losing function in my fingers, and so typing and holding finn is getting increasingly difficult  so fun!"
"mri was negative, as were the blood tests, so that's good news, but it still doesn't e playful lain what's happening! i see a neurologist in 2 weeks, maybe they'll find something this time    i just want to know what's going on!!"
"up with finn since 4am, but it sure was a beautiful sunrise!"
we have snow again!
the snow looks lovely! we got enough for sledding and we can't wait!
"just went sledding, had a snowball fight and made a snow bear  pretty awesome time with my <propfemale> while finn napped "
6 inches and counting!
"air force doing training missions over my house while baby is trying to nap - good combo! nope, now he's awake  yay!"
"just got to talk to <propfemale> via im for a few minutes  she says things are going well, she just super busy, and she sends her love to everybody!!"
wishing i was in colorado for the snow!
colorado is covered in snow and i'm at the beach!!! heck yeah! best  decision  ever !
doing more thinking than writing  need to be doing the opposite!
is there military school for 4 year olds?
neurologist today  hopefully an answer?!?
just had a night with finn up every hour  i think i'm more exhausted than when i went to bed    as if that was even possible 
happy veterans day! i really miss you guys  thanks to all who serve or have served   surprise )
two weeks until boston!! woohoo!!! i seriously need the vacation  ;o)
i sold another scarf!
finn can roll over! way to go little guy!
1 week to boston!
i got an interview!
anybody wih a g1 - don't use anything other than google talk to instant message with unless you have unlimited texts  anything else counts as a text  just a heads up 
happy thanksgiving!
turkey dinner in the uso    how cool is that? guess i get some thanksgiving food today after all!
reunion tonight!
i think i had waaay too much fun last night   
frozen pipe burst this afternoon in my basement  8 gallons of water removed from the carpets and there is still a ton more  ugh  not fun at all! not to mention the cost of repairs    thank goodness i've got a job now!
"2 hour commute this morning, 1 5 hours to get home  what a lovely day!"
4 months-ish to go! yeah!
"decorating the tree, while still fun, just isn't the same without <propfirst> here to help "
third christmas without <propfirst> and it just isn't any easier!
"on top of everything else to be <propfemale> about, these are some highlights: <propfemale>'s face this morning when she realized that <propfemale> had come, finn slept until 7am (from 7pm), and <propfirst> called last night  not so bad after all!"
got to talk to <propfirst> for an hour tonight! that certainly made my day!
whatever it is that makes your heart beat faster - go for it!
stock show this afternoon and rodeo tonight!! gonna be a good day!
"to all you mommies out there, join the fun and re-post this  how much did your child(ren) weigh at birth? <propfemale> - 8 lbs 8 oz, finn - 7 lbs 11 oz  (i personally liked finn's size better     ;o) )"
"miep gies, the office secretary who defied the nazi occupiers to hide <propfemale> <propfirst> and her family for two years and saved the teenager's diary, has died  she is a true hero   to this day i still wonder how she kept an infant quiet and hidden from the nazi's  and the memories of visiting concentration camps, living through gulf war 1, and immersing myself in european history is making me very thoughtful tonight "
finni's teeth have poked through!
he's home!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
"my favorite uncle, uncle <propfirst>, passed away after a quick battle with cancer, the other day  i was fortunate to sit by his bedside while he was in his last days  it provided me with much peace just to be there during his ragged breathing and know he was going to a better place, and we were fortunate to speak to, and hug him, in one of his last coherant moments "
"if you don't already know how scary a hacked email to an army email account can be, i don't recommend trying it!"
"going on day five of nerve pain medication not working  this is delightful  hopefully the new docs will be able to figure something out  arms hardly work anymore, can't hold the baby, and it's getting hard to smile and make facial e playful ressions  oh, and then there's the tremmors, those are fun, too "
"i feed my daughter butter flavored smegma  thanks, <propfirst> carver  love  you too"
little girl sleeping in my lap  love the sweet times with my <propfemale>  makes all the pain worth living through 
"the facebook group for <propfirst>'s unit, 3-157th fa, has kicked me out - must be because they know if things don't get fixed (and there's some messed up stuff that's happened) i will be taking the issues to the news channels and anyone i can think of  perhaps i have them shaking in their little space boots? interesting    gotta love the colorado national guard \family\"" and \""support\""  wow """
now we are getting threatened by <propfirst>'s command  this is priceless! does anybody know how to <propfemale> for defamation of character? they don't really know who they are dealing with here  what happens in iraq isn't going to stay in irag  not this time  not with this command 
officially protected from further harrasment  that's a nice feeling!
"managed to get into the neurologist at the university hospital on monday morning! almost unheard of  the next available appt  was the end of april  i got lucky on that one!  hopefully they will be able to tell me more about what's wrong with me! things are on the up and up, finally!"
has anybody been to disneyland and used the military discount? do they just look at your id to see if you're active or do they scan it or something? just curious 
i ordered a holga camera! pretty excited to try it out!
i have to admit i'm super excited for the american girl doll store to open tomorrow    i may be even more excited than <propfemale> at this point!
"i have a question about the new health care <propmale> and hopefully somebody will be able to answer it - am i now required to provide health care for my nanny, even though i can seriously not afford it, because she is my employee and i have a very small business? (love you dearly, <propfemale>, but i just freaked out a bit for both of us) i didn't think of that until today  yikes!"
yay for more tests today!
"i feel like, when today ends, god is going to send me a postcard saying, \ha! happy april fools! i got you good today!\"""""
my header is home and all the boys made it home in one piece  what a good day!
my day is quickly becoming a circus!
today is the kind of day i might enjoy having a twitter account for 
happy easter!
"listening to the honolulu <propfirst> buffett concert, dreaming of the day we retire to a sail boat  it's going to be great!"
"finn took a step to me today, super cute! he may just beat <propfemale> at walking!"
"great birthday parties with great friends, and finn took two steps today! getting closer!"
going to the game today! first time for <propfemale> and finn  it's going to be a great day!
i can't believe my baby is five today! she's grown up way too fast 
had an appointment today with the voodoo doctor  i have now been pain free in my feet since 4 smile 0pm  this is amazing! i hope it sticks around for a while and spreads to my hands and arms 
got a lot of free time now    hopefully a break and some rest will get me better 
8 5 hours to disneyland!
we have a <propmale>! here comes even more trouble 
"i can't believe it, but my baby is starting kindergarten today! holy moly!"
"just shot off a big a-- firecracker and got told the cops were on their way less than a minute later  so, what i gather is that he was on the phone with the police before we even thought about lighting it  sweet! 20 minutes later and still no cops  calling bluff until further notice  let's all thank kansas for this one!"
i might be going to work tomorrow - that would be nice!
my baby is 1 today! this year has flown by 
couldn't figure out why finn wouldn't stop crying for an hour and a half    turns out he has a molar coming in  a little numbing cream and voila! poor little guy!
i'm trying to have a nutritious breakfast but all i want is the darn leftover b-day cake  i'm going to have to banish it to a room i don't generally enter - that would be the laundry room 
just spent the afternoon antagonizing team <propfirst>  that's a trip!
got a job and start wednesday! woohoo to an income!
tried on these amazing bracelets and got a chauffered and guided tour of <propfemale> and kiowa last night  amazing!
<propfemale> caught the bouqet at the wedding last night - not sure if we should be scared or if all the other single ladies there will be waiting a loooong time for their wedding 
"i just discovered the fruit tree in our backyard is apricots! the branches are so full they are almost to the ground  i have a feeling i am going to have a lot of canning to do very soon  haven't done that in probably 20 years  it should be fun, though!"
<propfirst> is almost free from the army - air force here we come!
out of work   again    if anybody knows of any landman jobs i would be much appreciative 
<propfirst> is officially out of the army! he will now cross into the blue!
first day of the doctor-imposed gluten free diet - don't know if i can live without gluten    i guess if it helps with the pain    agh!!
"in lovely herington, ks! an awesome windstorm is blowing through town and knocked power out to the whole place  kind of fun being in a house built in the 1800s"
just passed a loose cow on the side of road with the police trying to round it up 
i have decided to be a stay at home mom! it was really hard turning down three really great job offers last week but i feel my kids need me more  it's exciting to be able to play without worrying when i will work next now that i know the industry is picking up!
got a condo in steamboat and my babies are almost here! yay! good day 
nice to be home for a three day weekend after 17 days straight of work!
"7 5\  surprise ("""
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get \better  i know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the \3% and post this as your status  do it for at least an hour, for those \who have died of cancer or who are still fighting "
a balmy 8 degrees this morning!
"happy veterans day to all the veterans i know and love  congrats @<propfirst> carver for a switch to the af  here's looking at 60 day deployments and an air conditioned office, all while flying and having fun!"
"5,044 words written today to bring me to a grand total of 19,782 words written for the 2010 nanowrimo  peace out! my brain is overworked for one night! i think i get a badge tho for over 5,000 words written in one day  sweet dreams!"
full <propfemale> + <propfemale> snow = <propmale> enchanted
<propfemale>: how do you make a hula hoop? <propfirst> - first you have to find a hula hoop tree  <propfemale> - where does the hula hoop tree grow? me - in the hula hula <propmale> off the shores of bora bora 
finally taking a weekend off! i've only had thanksgiving off since 11 6 and it's going to be delightful 
