dd7d669659b5ae602b586570c8688ad7
ha ha! i flung food at myself trying to get <propfemale>
"who knows of a good dry cleaner in oceanside, preferably one that is cheap, and if you don't mind, how much do they charge?"
currently looking for work   smile 
"currently looking for work, if anybody knows of any open positions, please let me know  smile "
going to start school at <propfemale> costa  i thinki will enjoy it  i start <propfirst>  26th 
"had a great day today! went to burger <propmale> with my hubby for lunch and he showed me how to cut my soda calories in half without making my drink taste nasty  half diet coke, half regular coke and a splash of dr  pepper  yummy "
"i got a new job at an eye doctor answering phones  and helping customers!  super excited and glad that i will be able to  go out early morning again on service!  thanks <propfemale> for the email about  the job, love you!"
"had a wonderful weekend up at lake morena in san <propmale> with my hubby, and when i went to work today i only had 4 children to watch  i had a easy day and enjoyed a nice lunch with my hubby and my sis at a new place  just so happy! love you all "
my schedule has changed so i am going to be working now monday-saturday  6:45am-5 smile 0pm on weekdays and 7 smile 0-11 smile 0 on saturdays  so i will be going out on service now on sundays after meeting  let me know if any of you peeps want to go out with me on service sometime 
"had the best weekend!! ant surprised me with a trip to colorado to see a couple of our  friends  we had a wonderful time we went to pikes peak, the garden of the gods, the taste of colorado and to this pizza place that i went to when i was little and lived in colorado  it was amazing  i had the best time ever thank you my partner and love of my life  you make me so happy everyday  i love you ! you truly are the best "
cant believe it is the weekend again  this week went by <propfemale> fast  must have been the extra day off last weekend  : )
going to watch some netflix and then go to bed  man i love netflix! have a good night everyone 
enjoying some quiz nos and a cookie  yummy  i got me an italian classic  it is my favorite 
"doing good, little sore but good  : ) happy we are both home "
"husband week: if you have a husband who makes your life interesting, full of fun, is your best friend, who's been with you through thick and thin, who has been a blessing in your life, and to whom you are proud to be married, copy and paste this to your status with the date married     (5-27-2000)"
had a grate day out with a awesome friend  we went to go see the owl movie in 3d and to sushi  had a grate time    smile 
"love my husband so much  he is such a good man, puts others first, takes care of me, does everything he can just to make me smile  he is so giving, loving, kind and just an all together great person  i love you my love "
got my hair done today  it looks good i think  that's my new hair in my profile pic  : )
have a grate day everyone : )
have a great day night everyone : ) someone let me know that i spelled great wrong on my last post  lol
eating some drunken noodles at home for lunch  they are a little to spicy though  prolly going to watch some net flix and then off to the montessori school for work again 
goodnight everyone 
good morning all : )
had a great weekend with my sis in law in the dessert  got to go to a carnival and got to go off roading with some great people  i had a great time  : ) now to sit back and relax and just enjoy the day 
yay ! i finally got to see the end of quantum leap   smile 
having a great day  love you all  : )
yay got of work early today  time to chill and watch some stargate sg1  its the weekend yay again! might go to disney instead i dont know yet  love ya all  smile 
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world   who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you   who works hard and would do anything for you  who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, and    who you could not live without   like i do   then post this as your status     love you my love?"
"whats up everyone? check out my friend jacobs sons website, there is going to be a walk-a-thon coming up and were trying to get as many people as possible to come and join us! izaiahwallis com its <propfirst> 22 2011 at poinsettia park in carlsbad starts at 9 am"
had a wonderful day up in <propfirst> and cuyamaca hiking  perfect weather and the best apple pie  it was truly a great day 
had a wonderful day at the garment district with my family and a great night with friends  know for a nice cup of tea and some sleep  goodnight all : )
anyone who got that how many profile views do you have thingy  i didnt send it do not click on the link 
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world   
"had a great night with friends, now time to watch some stargate sg1 and have some much needed chocolate  yummy : )"
"going to the gym  work was stressful at the end of the day but, oh well  hopefully tomorrow will be filled with sleepy babies, instead of crying ones "
had  a great day with friends  went to zumba and a movie : )
hershey's bliss white chocolate is the best white chocolate i have eaten  if you love white chocolate then you got to try it  hope i dont eat the whole bag  lol
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info,invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her, you get the virus too! please   copy and paste to your wall "
