876a41dea3db3c2913f66d8d4c3607f5
is really going to start packing <propmale>   i swear!!
anyone that didnt get an updated invite please let me know!  everyone is invited!!!!!!
"is actually packing!  clothes, shoes, pics, hair stuff, and candles done!  im already pooped and that's maybe 1 18 of all the crap we have  def dreading the kitchen!!!!"
3 days to go    
"still hating sprint!  thinking about going to att, i phone hear i come  smile "
is worried
hopeing today will be a better day!
just watched the vma's kanye is such an ass!  and lady gaga is amazing!!
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  (please make sure it is a memory that is suitable for public knowledge!) when you've finished, post this paragraph on your             own status; you'll be surprised at what people remember about you!"
getting ready to go get a new phone!!
happy anniversary <propmale>!!
discovered that my eyesight isnt the best!  i tried to play the typing maniac and i cant see the words!!!
getting ready to go buy tickets to the beer fest!  wish me luck cause i have no idea where im going and im sure im going to get lost!  i hate driving around here     its so confusing!  i miss the ks roads that i knew so well!!
80 degrees!
had lots of fun last night!  <propmale> and i were in the top ten of the costume contest at the <propfemale>  smile 
umm it was 84 degrees saturday and its barely 60 today!  im cold  sad 
"this is important! brooklyn sickman was severly injured in an accident in early sept  this is a wonderful local family  please help support the sickman family by attending a browntown show this thurs pm at fuel  you can find more info on the event on the brooklyn fund benefit w  browntown <propfemale>, there is also a link for the brooklyn fund on my <propfemale>, which you can join to find more ways to help the sickman family "
"revised: this is important! brooklyn sickman was severly injured in an accident in early sept  this is a wonderful local family  please help support the sickman family by attending a browntown show thurs 11 19 at fuel  you can find more info on the event on the brooklyn fund benefit w  browntown pg, there is also a link for the brooklyn fund on my <propfemale>, which you can join to find more ways to help the sickman family "
went to the <propfemale> corps ball last night!  it was lots of fun  smile 
happy veterans day!! thanks to everyone who serve served our country!!
really wants fb to come out w the dislike button   the stuff some people say on here is just too much   
"going to see new <propfemale> as soon as my hubby gets home, and we go pick up my new glasses   that way i can actually see the movie  smile "
is sick of laundrey!  it never ends  sad 
getting ready to make all kinds of good food for turkey day!!
happy thanksgiving!!  hope everyone has a wonderful day!  dont catch anything on fire trying to deep fry ur turkey!
is sooo stuffed   everything turned out beautifully!
got up at 4am to go shopping   this is the first year we've done that   we got an awesome deal on a really nice tv!! and a kitchen table   so it was worth it!
"saw blind side yesterday, it was really good!!"
all of my ks friends be careful!!  looks like the weather is a lil crazy!!
spent most of the day at the vet w <propmale> yest   he's ok   just has a bacterial infection   but it made for a really long day!
let's see how forthcoming my fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    wonder if i have 20 brave friends (or more) who will do this
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!
its super cold!  they had to turn off our heater last night bc it was broken     our washer broke yesterday too   and on of the igniters on the stove isnt working   happy new year  smile 
loves diet dr pepper!
"we got a new washing machine last night, because ours was broken   gues what i'll be doing all day   "
making boeuf bourguignon for dinner!  smells yummy  smile   and im drinking a glass of the red wine that goes in it   
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont'! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!! copy and paste it people      thank you"
ugghhhhhhhhh
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile
"ok i officially love to hate my eliptical   i luve using it, it just totally kicks my a** everytime!  i used it today around noon and just used it again cause i couldnt sleep   i hope i get obssesed w it so i can be a hottie soon  smile "
it days like these i remember so clearly why i dont drink red bull and vodka   
sooo glad im not hungover today  smile 
"just got a stability ball, its hard     but <propmale> keeps trying to play with it, so he's cracking me up  smile "
"just to let everyone know, who probably thinks im snotty     for some reason my computer wont log me off of fb all the time   so if you im me and i dont answer its not cause im ignoring you!!  im just not on here  sad   sorry if i hurt anyones feelings!"
had my first ultrasound today   its was so amazing   i got to see and hear the heartbeat   its definately worth being so sick the past few months!
is sleepy   im so tired this first time i typed this i spelled sleepy wrong!
i heard some shocking news today     <propmale>  <propfirst> is gay  smile   who knew???
matts coming home today!!!!!!
it's 89 degrees out!!!!!!!!!
sooo excited for <propmale> to be here tomorrow!!!!!!
so sad <propmale> left today  sad   we had so much fun while she was here!
i went to the dr friday  everything is still going great  i'm 19 weeks today  smile  we find our what we're having 6 2  i can feel the little one moving around in there  smile 
anyone want to start guessing if it's going to be a boy or girl???  i'm interested to know what everyone thinks  smile 
it's a boy!!!
<propmale> is gone  sad   anybody wanna come visit?  im lonely  sad 
its soooo hot outside!  it's after 9 and its still in the 90's   ugggghhhh
the lil one is kicking sooo much!  its crazy!
missing my hubby
uuuuggghhhh
starbucks has decaf frappacinnos!!!! yay!!!!!
hubby comes home a week from today  smile 
we don't have to move!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i was in the kitchen for 8 hrs straight  i canned yummy dill pickles and salsa! haha barefoot, pregnant, and in the kitchen  wink "
had the best day today! <propmale> out w my girls <propfemale> and <propfemale>  laid out and made an amazing shrimp boil for dinner  smile 
happy fathers day babe! wish u were here!!
hubby comes home tonight!!!!
any kind of food tv is the devil when ur pregnant!! i'm about to drive to <propfemale> just to have a sandwich!!!
"i can see my belly moving now!! he's shy tho, whenever <propmale> comes over to feel or see it he stops  sad "
making more pickles!! i think i'm obsessed but it's fun and they're sooo good  smile 
starting on the nursery today! there's a lot to do!
"happy independence day!  thank you to my corps family!  love  you guys and miss you all!  and of course, thanks you so much to my wonderful hubby!  love you sooo much!"
been busy all weekend  we got everything organized and put in the attic  the office is officially ready to turn into the nursery!! thanks for working so hard babe!
i don't think my belly button is going to pop out   
it's looking pretty scary outside
"sooo tired!  did hair and went to sams today   doesnt sound like much, but im pooped!  got to hold the cutest lil baby boy today!  he's so sweet   i'm pretty sure <propmale> wanted to take him home w us!"
how is it possible to be tired 99% of the time???
it's finally not 100 degrees outside!! now maybe i can start to sleep under the covers again  smile 
"watched the runaways last night  it was really good, but equally disturbing  <propfemale> fanning is soooo young to have a role like that "
"looking online for the perfect baby bedding   oh, what a pain   there are so many different sets to choose from   im going to go crazy!!!"
speding the day refinishing our sons vintage dresser!  hopefully all goes as planned!
"i'm what i am, and i'm what i'm not  i'm sure happy with what i've got  i live and love and laugh a lot  that's all i need  smile "
it's 109 out  i can't wait till fall!
nap time  smile 
"we'll go    shoppin at the market, shoppin at the market, shoppin at the market  hahaha "
sooooo sleepy
i love <propfemale> <propfirst>  i feel like she's part of my family  smile 
"so irritated!  the class <propmale> and i signed up for, that starts on monday, has just been cancelled!  there are no other classes till the end of sept   which will do us no good   i'm freaking out just a little bit!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i have the best hubby in the world! he went out at 6:45 this morning to get me breakfast!!
"oh <propfemale>, my dancing <propfemale>  you will be missed by many "
finally got all of the office furniture out of the nursery  we're putting together the crib and changing table!!
watched fight club for the first time last night   i loved it!  i think it's one of my new fav movies!
crocheting the baby bean a blanket  let's see if it's done before he's born  smile 
getting ready to watch caddyshack  this is matts 1st time!!
this baby is breaking my back!  he's worth it though  smile 
i bought the recovery album yesterday   it's amazing!  the orignial em is back   
here comes hurricane <propmale>!!
"had the best day w my hubby yesterday  it was a beautiful day, we ran all our errands, and had a wonderful b day dinner for <propmale>  love u babe!"
tru blood marathon!!
<propmale> found a frog  he chased it all over the yard  it was hilarious!!
i'm soooo tired!  i ran errands for 5 hours today   my back is broken and my belly is sore too  sad   i think i'm ready to have this baby!
<propmale> comes home tonight!!!!!
"thanks everyone for the b day wishes!  i had a great day   <propmale> came home from guatemala, the weather was beautiful and i had chocolate tower truffle cake from cheesecake factory!!"
"my dr talked me into getting a flu shot yesterday  i've never had one before  so, no surprise, i feel like crap today  sad  boooooo"
soooo sleepy!  i'm going to bed and staying there forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
our 3 year anniversary is tomorrow!  happy anniversary babe!!
my moms flying in today!!!
waiting     
"the date is set for thursday! went to see the dr today  she gave me the option to induce, i'm taking it!! i'm super excited and scared at the same time!!"
tomorrow is the big day! wish me luck  we'll keep everyone up to date w everything!
he's perfect! 6 lbs 12 5 oz  19 inches long  he was born 10 14 10 at 2:58  we're both doing great  thanks for all the congrats and kind words!
i have a new found respect for dairy cows
"we have such great friends! thank you <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>!"
"happy 235th marines! god bless, semper fi!!"
<propmale> is a month old today! it's going by so fast already!
is it normal that i look at my son and i love him so much it hurts????  love   love   love 
my baby bug had to get 3 shots today  poor guy  it was so sad to see him hurting  sad 
i'm on my own for a whole week  everybody wish me luck  i think i'm really gonna need it 
i'm addicted to intervention   
i finally got socks that fit <propmale>  he has huge feet  he's 2 months and he's wearing 6 month socks!
i wish i was in the oprah audience today   she's giving out all kinds of cool stuff!!!
i  love  <propfemale> coffey!
first road trip with <propmale>! going to dc to pick up <propmale>'s parents 
"making prime rib, rissotto, and asparagus for dinner! and chocolate mousse layer cake for dessert  <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
it's snowing like crazy!
going on date night for the first time since <propmale> got here!
went and saw black swan yesterday  it was amazing  i think it's the best movie i've ever seen!!
just worked out for the first time since i had <propmale>  it felt great! hopefully i'll keep it up 
<propmale> ate 1 2 of a cheese ball and part of a block of jalepeno cheddar while we were upstairs!!!!
