feeca701ee2c280f79fe4ea433796e35
is in kentucky for new years <propfemale>!! happy new year ya'll!!
you cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to loose site of the shore 
is showing someone how to use facebook!
is at class right now!
loves watching our new kitten 
is currently in class 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!
is playing setting up her new computer!
hates the day before vacation because everything is way to crazy getting ready to go!!
is at grandparents in north <propfemale> 
happy new year!!! hope everyones new year was as good as mine 
it's my birthday and i'm 21!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just wanted to say thank you to everyone that wished me a happy 21st birthday on tuesday       so thank-you!!
watching the bachelor with joy and <propfemale> 
we are making this month anime month!!!! change your facbook profile picture into an anime that looks like you and make this your status   smile 
loves thunderstorms!!
"hey, i just wanted to say thank-you to everyone who has been prayin for my mom  she is doin' alot better, so thank-you!!"
thinks she might have sprained her toe 
it's the last meal of ycc!!
"ycc is over for this year, now its time to tackle my last week of school  pray for me, i'm goin' in! i'll be out  of my cocoon on friday!"
i'm so dead after a hard day of schoolwork  but its almost over!!!
the power is out here  should be fun 
has enjoyed having family here!
"sometimes i think it would be interesting to run up to a stranger on the street and say \you're it!!\"" and then run away as fast as i can """
they sell universal remotes at wal*mart… can you believe that power like that is available to just anyone! crazy 
"bye ya'll, off to cancun!! i hate flying, it scares me so bad, so just pray for us while we're gone  scary scary planes!!!"
"guess who is back in the us again  but now we have to go through customs  wish me luck, they always stop me  do i look like a bad person to ya'll?"
we landed safely in mi  it is amazing feeling to know that we don't have anymore traveling 
"first day back, but i am still really <propmale> on my legs from driving that stupid golf cart around on thursday  ya'll would not believe how red i was and still am!"
feels great being home!!
is lovin this amazing day that god gave us 
is watching the first reason of a show called <propmale> 
just got back from the hartland memorial day parade  just having fun spending the day with the family   laugh 
has had an amazing memorial day with my family  i hope everyone else had as much fun as i did   laugh 
you could play connect the dots with all of the mosquito bites i got yesterday  but i had fun and wouldn't change a thing 
i have two new bumps from stupid pinecones that somehow came in contact with my head! and now a huge headache!
you would think that they would check to see if the mcdonalds glasses were toxic b4 they started selling them! just sayin'!
is glad every lunch is not like this one 
is currently at a concert  i'm having a blast 
loved the <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> tomlin concert that i just went to  it was amazing  but i am now loosing my voice 
getting ready for another week of camp startin tomorrow 
another week of camp has started!
the weekend cannot get here fast enough!!
happy birthday mommy!!!!!
"is sitting in the theater waiting to watch twilight eclipse!!!! i'm so excited, this is my favorite book out of all of the twilight books "
just got back from the movies  i loved eclipse  it was a good movie 
is sittin in comerica park waiting for the detroit tigers game to start  i'm excited about the fire works in the stadium after the game 
the tigers won! yay!! and the fireworks were amazing!
i feel horrible  i am hoping that i can sleep it off  i can't afford to get sick  pray for me!!
hey does anyone know who the judges picked on americas got talent tonight? our recording thing stopped b4 we could see!
is not exactly ready for another week of camp  but never the less its here 
i just want my car fixed 
"is not allowed to go to work  i have 2 pink eyes, to top it off i'm kinda sick  can you tell how amazing week is so far?"
is gettin' ready to go on vaca tomorrow 
is back in mi  it felt like it took forever to get back  now i'm going to bed  night ya'll!!
back to school       yay      
i have got to get a hair cut soon  should i get it cut shoulder length like i have had it b4 or get just a little off and continue to grow it out?
is watching the i love <propfemale> marathon and lovin it 
in class  always in class 
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories & a picture in a frame  your memory is a   keepsake from  which i'll never part  god has you in his arms  i have you in my heart~ re-post if you love someone in heaven! miss you <propmale>"
they are trying to get me to sing with a mic  i'll have to do it eventually but i don't like mic's  they are evil things 
is going to bed so i can get up at 5 smile 0 to go to school 
"i'm ok with driving in rain, and i'm ok with driving in the dark       but not driving in the dark while its raining  you can't really see the lines on the roads  i hate it "
"i'm so bored  i'm sitting in lcc waiting for joy ot get out of class  we ride together on tuesdays  but it saves money, i guess that is the important thing "
its 7:15 and i'm at work 
life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we respond to it 
is surrounded by a bunch of nursing student while i'm waiting for joy to get out of class 
is surrounded by a bunch of nursing students while i'm waiting for joy to get out of class 
i give up 
i'm headed to bed  then to breakfast and the movies in the morning 
are you living like god is an idea or a reality?
i'm starting to feel really bad  i hope i'm not getting sick again  that would be tragic 
my tummy hurts       still  i wish it would just go away 
has anybody else noticed how crazy all of the birds have been acting??
is worried about how big this storm coming at us is supposed to be  people are saying that it is supposed to be the perfect storm  maybe thats why all of the birds have been acting crazy 
"i just got out of class  now i'm just waiting on joy  for those of you that would like to know, i did not dye my hair  i guess i'm just to chicken "
has had pretty much the worst day ever  i just keep prayin that god gets me through it 
"we had to put down <propfirst> (my 12 year old <propfemale> retriever) last night  i miss her sooo much!! i just couldn't stop crying, even this morning  : ("
i have been riding in my car with the windows down and the christmas music station up  its <propfemale> much fun!
feels rather sick to her stomach this morning  dunno why 
happy thanksgiving!!!!!
has to do alot of schoolwork today  last couple of weeks 
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
"<propfemale> claus is coming to town, so       run away!!!!! i mean if he sees you when your sleeping, knows when your awake, and he knows if you've been good or bad, thats scary!!"
our power went out about 2 hours ago  it is horrible timing  i have so much schoolwork to do  my final is on tuesday  sad day 
i am sooo ready to get my power back on  i had to come up to <propmale> evans to do schoolwork  not fun  i feel helpless   kiss (
"is planning on waking up at 2 smile 0am to watch the lunar eclipse  first time it has happened on the winter solstice in over 450 years  looking forward to it, if the weather permits    laugh "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! what is one tradition that you do every year?
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! what is one tradition that you do every year?
if i keep my eyes on jesus i can walk on water 
thank-you everyone for the birthday wishes  i had a great day with friends and family  i am lucky to have so many people that care for me in my life  god has really blessed me!
"so my dentist told me to get an electric oral-b tooth brush, and i just found out that those things are like $100 at walmart  no thanks, i think i'll just brush harder!"
it's snowing again in michigan 
we're off to a clean start! lol
we're off to a clean start on this road trip!
10 <propmale> into ohio and already seen 3 cops 
10 <propmale> into ohio and already seen 3 cops  don't you love ohio!
leaving chick-fil-a  my turn to drive!
"in <propfemale> now, having an amazing time with my cousin <propfirst> "
"on the road again  just left lynchburg, now heading to north <propfemale> "
we just got to our grandparents house in north <propfemale>  yay!
driving to meet with our cousin <propfemale>  looking forward to seeing her again 
i had such an amazing day with family 
i'm packing up once again  leaving north <propfemale> for flordia in the morning   laugh 
we are in flordia!!
on our way to the ship  <propfemale> excited!
hey  guess who is back in port  just waiting for the ok to get off 
just got back home after leaving yesterday mid morning  its like six am and i'm going to bed now 
"<propfemale>, we aren't in kansas any more  talk about a weather shock  its freezing up here  where did the sun go?"
<propfemale> rioux is an amazing best friend       and i miss her tons!!
just watching <propmale>  love this show!!
"our tv was acting out, so i called the pioneer tv help line yesterday, and waited on the phone for about 30 minutes for them to tell me that there is something wrong with our tv "
describe me in one word 
"duct tape is like the force  it has a light and a dark side, and it holds the world together "
