37677e671d5077193a70826fff7a5a31
is engaged!
"week 1 of p90x finished -- my two thoughts: 1) yoga is far more difficult than the rest of the workouts, and 2) i have a long way to go "
uuhhh - go dukes?
"doing my term paper on property theory in the early scottish enlightenment was a great idea   no models, no graphs, just good old political economy "
"smithian political economy ii, law and economics ii and economic philosophy next semester   so very nice "
"next time i'm writing a term paper, i'd like to skip past the 3 aimless days of writing bs and get straight to the inspiration   but for now i'll just be content that i got here at all "
thank you <propfirst> pritt photography for the awesome engagement photos!
<propmale> potter at 12 surprise 1 tomorrow night   it's got to happen 
"2 term papers down, 1 to go "
<propfemale> shinn and i decided to do christmas early this year   so we got ourselves a wii! i can't wait to marry that girl 
"all term papers done   now just 3 finals between now and christmas break, which i will spend studying for my macro prelim    grad school is way fun "
straight a's for my first time at gmu   second year is so much better than the first!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  big year coming up!  only 4 months until <propfemale> shinn becomes my wife!
"i heard creed on the radio 2 times in the space of an hour   i don't really mind, but     what?"
100 days (and 1 hour) until i'm married to <propfemale> shinn!  let the countdown begin 
i frequently change my life goals depending on the weather   the last few days i've wanted to forget higher education and go open my pub 
"so this won't matter for everyone whose phone automatically pulls phone <propfirst> from gmail or facebook, but i have a new phone number -- 7038017876 "
"in 50 days, i will be married to <propfemale> shinn   <propfemale> doesn't come naturally to me, so i'm mostly just getting antsy   i'm way excited "
just one month!
"papers finished, just one exam between me and may 27th   could not be more relieved "
9 days left and i still feel like it's too far away 
still two days to wait   i am eager for everything to get rolling!
"got lasik today, and i can see!"
just got back from the last <propmale> potter movie   the book was more exciting and more well paced by leaps and bounds   it fell hugely flat for me   too bad 
getting ready for my 20th first day of classes! i still get excited 
"marginal pass -- being \good enough\"" never felt so good!"""
