ee09c747f59673d198749d6ffc0c9874
this is interesting lol 
finally new years <propfemale>! and we still have 2 more weeks off of school  sucks for you high schoolers! haha
57 more minutes!!
what to do this year? i gotta get a job!
wow did my phone just send a bunch of people messages that were from days ago? why!!?
"and i would take all of your suffering if it would do any good, cause we are one flesh, one life, one blood "
"i've got a pocket, got a pocket full of sunshine  smile "
good night!  smile 
"i've been pretty tired lately   and this flashforward show is weird   i don't suggest watching it, it's pretty boing  goodnight  smile "
good day!  smile 
"ah, i have two essay's to write tonight because my teacher didn't feel the need to tell us they were all going to be due on wednesday until today   lame!"
thanks everyone for telling me happy birthday!  smile  lol
"i'm pretty excited to start school   smile  i have everything all figured out and now i don't have anything to worry about, so it'll be so great  tomorrow is my last day of summer!"
"about to go to math and then i get out at 12:50 and i will be done for the day, and i'll be getting a new phone  today will be good  smile "
got my new phone and its supercoo!
my phone is an htc aria in case you were wondering  playful 
going to <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s to watch the wall  snap!
i think its time to try out some videos! i haven't watched music videos in a long time 
"blah! and we still gotta go shopping for snacks and wake up early! i want to sleep in, but waking up will totally be worth it  smile "
"i am really, really tired! goodnight  smile "
i wonder why my facebook is deciding not to load my activity stream? it's annoying!
"i am tired! but i can't go to sleep till after the gates comes on  well i can, but i want to see this episode "
time to make a playlist on my phone grooveshark thing  smile 
"so i got my online banking fixed  i don't have class till 2  but i gotta read till then, and eat my corn dog  what's up?!"
going to history class!  smile 
almost done with school! lol
just chillin 
"i had a dream that i was telling a story in french  it was pretty cool, lol "
so it's supposed to get up to 110 outside  fml! i think today is going to be a bad day 
i have a bad feeling in my stomach  annoyed 
"i like college a lot more than high school because everyday is different, and you can pick your own schedule "
but the bad part about it is not all of your friends end up at the same one  :
half an hour till i start history!
sorta hungry  definitely bored  slightly irritated  really tired 
gotta be here for 3 1 2 more hours! laaaame 
"this is not my fault, so whatever  i'll just continue to feel stressed out until everything works out, good or bad "
chillin downtown with <propfirst> and <propmale>!
"i've had a headache since 5  wtf! i don't want to take any pills for it, not its not going away  :"
i'm so glad i only have one class tomorrow  get out at 12:50!  smile 
"had a heart to heart with <propfemale> today too  i'm going to miss her a bunch!!! but its pretty cool she is going to school in sf, yeah?!"
i don't think i can sleep anymore  :
today seems like it's going to be a good day  smile 
i found the song i wanted  laugh  today is gonna be good!
i only have 50 minutes of school today!
my stomach just made a weird machine gun noise! d: i think i'm gonna make a sandwich 
caprisuns are delicious 
whew walked from the college to <propfirst>'s house  at least i am done with school today  smile 
this teriyaki burger is hella good!
blah!
oh i made cheese cake! i'm gonna eat some now  smile 
i need a hair cut!
"damn <propfemale>, just spray me in the face with air freshener! wtf lol "
goodnight! hella looking forward to sleeping in  smile 
so much for sleeping in!
"my stomach hella hurts! something i ate, i threw up twice  d:"
people keep yelling outside and its really annoying 
"my stomach still hurts, wtf!"
third week of school coming up!
bed time!  smile 
woo i have class in 2 hours  i'm hella ahead in that class!
gotta go to school now 
goin to bed 
oh i hit the roof but i'd aimed for the ceiling 
"well i hadn't noticed but the people really noticed that they really didn't want us around, so not a single one of us would ever leave town  here we go sir!"
new facebook app as well! works better so far  smile 
tomorrow will be good  gonna wake up early and walk to school with <propfirst>!  smile 
goodnight!  smile 
waiting for <propfirst> to get out of class  do some homework? yeah!
what's gonna happen today?
totally going to sleep  i'm so glad i only have one class tomorrow! goodnight  smile 
i hate having bad dreams  :
why do people keep slamming the door?? stop!
i have a headache  :
goin to bed  i'm so glad i don't have a long day tomorrow!
i still have an intense headache  allergies suck!
today is my long day  i really don't feel good but i have to do it 
ooh right now i actually feel fine! no headache or runny nose  i'm ready for today  i get out at 12:50!  smile 
yeah i'm doing ky homework right now  smile  and i'm getting my tattoo fixed tomorrow!! i'll post pictures for sure 
why can't people just do what they say they're going to do?
awh the nanny mcfee was a cute movie  lol
going to eat at the mall 
wow its not even 11 and i was all ready to go to bed  i am not even tired!
hate my long days  they are too long 
i think tonight sucked  srsly 
ah goodnight 
"today might be better, hopefully "
going to sleep  long day tomorrow 
"let's get this day over with already! the only good thing about today is that gray's anatomy is coming on tonight  other than that, my whole day was ruined--"
--because people suck 
2 hours and 15 minutes until i can go home  
"ftw, i'm not doing anyone any favors  unless its family or very close friends "
"good shows come on tonight, and my late class wasn't so bad  i think it actually made me feel better!"
only one class tomorrow!! and i'm getting my tattoo all fixed up if everything goes as planned  smile 
"also, i don't have to deal with any stupid _______ tomorrow, so it will definitely be a better day!"
does anyone else think those shards o glass commercials are funny? i think they're hilarious! lol
eh i guess today evened out  but i still hate ungrateful people  no more favors 
i love how people just feel the need to be annoying! it's ridiculous 
got my tattoo done! it looks good  smile 
goodnight!
"how are you gonna ask for help and then turn around and lie? **** you, no more favors!"
the weekend can't come soon enough! i'm already tired and i haven't even gone to school yet 
"why must i read this crap? it has nothing to do with anything  i can't even ask questions, and this material is extremely boring  i just want to ptfo right now "
"two down, five to go!  sad "
i still can't believe i for jury duty! that's lame  i really hope i don't miss my test tomorrow  
"i gotta get back to my homework, i keep getting distracted! lol"
"long day today  i have a big test in history, hopefully i do really well!"
"ah jury duty, i hate you! you're making me miss my psych test tomorrow!!"
i have the hiccups! lame  i'm gonna go to sleeeeep  smile 
i feel sick    annoyed 
unproductive day 
"i love how my dad is all slow with this \new\"" technology  he's learnin! lol"""
me and <propfemale> are making everyone pigs in a blanket and french fries for dinner! this is gonna be delicious  smile 
"gotta go to school early and try to make up that test i missed today  and then review the reading for my history quiz, and then finish my english reading "
"but i think tomorrow will be good, regardless  smile "
supa good!
"oh and btw, the new law and order: svu was intense  <propfemale> love hewitt knows how to act  smile "
goodnight!  smile 
i love how its cloudy outside today  there's shade everywhere!   smile 
the power is out at my house! this is lame 
power is back on!!
bright and early!
i have a math test today  hopefully i do good? at least today is my short day  smile 
my puppy is so much bigger since i last saw her!
playing wii golf with <propfirst>  lol
it's raining!!
"i've got a call from the bear, gonna take all his <propfemale>, <propfemale> "
"in the car with a girl, promise me she's not your world, cause <propmale> you're a <propfemale>!"
thunder and lightening! i finished my homework just in time to watch  smile 
epic lightening! it looks cool  smile 
<propfirst> is jealous of my wii bowling skills    playful 
awh little bear is on right now  this used to be my favorite show lol 
"ah its cold and sprinkling, and i have to wait 2 more hours till my next class "
long day  finally overr 
goin to school with <propfirst>  i've got nothing to do till 12! lol
my phone is off  ):
"so my phone is off, but i still get wi-fi on it! lol"
i feel pretty good  really tired though! but i gotta watch grey's anatomy and the vampire diaries 
"i gotta write a final draft, then write a 4 <propfemale> essay, then write a 2 <propfemale> project proposal, and then do my works cited this weekend  what a fun weekend right?"
super late! i'm tired 
"i got my report project proposal done within 30 mins, and then did my works cited <propfemale>  i'm prepared for tuesday  no worries!"
but i still gotta start my other essay! it shouldn't be too difficult though 
i wish my phone worked 
south park is always funny! lol
time for sleep though! goodnight  smile 
"i just looked up all the classes i need to take next semester, and i will be done with everthing before 1!! no more late classes  i want a life! lol"
now i just have to wait until i can register 
i finally downloaded <propmale> petty 
"<propmale> was a bull frog! he was a good friend of mine  i never understood a single word he said, but i helped him drink his wine "
"i gotta see the world one girl at a time but you're hangin on my sleeve like i care that you're cryin, and i do "
gonna do some homework 
goodnight!
maybe i'll finish my essay today  maybe i'll finish my power point too 
watching <propmale> crooger  surprise 
beauty and the beast!
"oh, i finally got a hair cut today  it's pretty short  surprise  and i like it "
goodnight 
writing my essay 
i finished my essay!!
now i just gotta finish my powerpoint tomorrow 
"so i came early to work on my powerpoint, and when i try to open it on the school computer, it doesn't work   lucky <propfemale>, i have to do it all over again!"
cloudie walked more than half-way home! i'm proud of her  smile 
i'm an ist personality? is that good?
istp lol
i can't breathe!! ):
i just finished 3 and a half hours of math homework  so i'm pretty tired!!
comedy wednesday!!
why do i always say the wrong thing?
goodnight  smile 
nice outside 
"every\person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one; to get better  i\know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be\the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
so if i switch my bank to regions i will get rewarded with a cool green bike?
"oh i accomplished a lot today! studied and did notes for psychology, and did laundry  and i'm like, 3 sections and days ahead in math  i'm good for the week!"
time to relax  finishing desperate housewives and then its brothers and sisters 
i hope everything with cloudie goes ok  
goodnight    smile 
<propmale> and joon  smile  i love this movie!
i have an a in psych! and in math! lol
did it hurt when you fell down from heaven?
"gotta go to class, and then i can go home in an hour   smile "
i registered for all my classes for next semester  they were all open  smile  i'm excited 
goodnight  smile 
i'm about to dress up!  smile  hopefully tonights good 
goodnight!
should i take a fifth class? i'm thinking about it 
lame results   annoyed 
i'm tired!
goodnight 
"it's official  i'm taking 16 units next semester, 5 classes "
"tomorrow will be awesome, friday will be the start of the weekend and i'm going to <propmale>, and saturday will be the best!! i'm excited, and tired "
ew! there were 2 spiders in the bathroom! <propfirst> is in there doing his job lol 
my phone is on now!!  smile 
but i would walk 500 <propmale> and i would walk 500 more just to be the man who walked 1000 <propmale> to fall down at your door!
woot! short day of school today  then its <propmale>!!
"about to get my eyes checked, and in gonna get contacts today!"
got my contacts on!
every day looks different 
so  tired 
i'm excited for the new <propmale> potter coming out!! i'm totally going to see it  smile 
goodnight!
"so put it in the sky and tell me what you want, light er up, li-light er up "
someday you will die and somehow something's gonna steal your carbon 
"well first off <propfirst> got drunk fell asleep in his car til about noon, our flat-top <propfirst> got all messed up split his lip chasin cheap perfume "
"i'm bored, waiting for <propfirst> to get out of class "
"well that is that and this is this, you tell me what you want and i'll tell you what you get, you get away from me "
you can stand me up at the gates of hell but i won't back down 
thank you veterans for being brave and fighting for our country!!!!
casa de fruta! lol
ew <propfirst> just ate a chocolate covered cricket   confidential 
"in monterey with <propfirst>, judas, and <propmale>  jealous? lol"
merced: 23 <propmale> 
today was a great day   smile 
i'm still tired!
so you guys should totally look at my pictures from monterey! <propfirst> took all of them   love 
i wish i was privilaged like judas! lol
"well i was walking just a little bit sideways and you were walking sideways too, well i hadn't learned when a front door can be used "
my stomach huuurts! i don't want to be at school anymore today  i was falling asleep in math  ):
i still feel kinda crappy  but i had a dream that i had a final in history! idk about school today 
this is the first day that i'm missing!  surprise 
"as life gets longer awful feels softer, well it feels pretty soft to me  and if it takes shit to make bliss, well i feel pretty blissfully "
ah i think i am in the mood to play spryo!! lol
it's weird being on the real facebook website when you've been using it on your phone for such a long time lol 
so there was a really loud random noise  it freaked me out!!
feels like i'm gonna puuuuuke!
feeling better finally!  smile 
<propmale> potter was awesome!!!! go watch it if you haven't already lol  it was so good 
it's been agreed the whole world stinks so no one's takin showers anymore  lol
happy thanksgiving!!!!!  smile 
"man, 3 and a half more hours an then we are off to the airport! i'm not getting sleep tonight or tomorrow  that's what's up "
me and pammie are in chicago! we gotta be here for another 2 hours  what's happening california?!
hello missouri! lol
i get signal by the door! lol
the minneapolis airport i'd huge! and this is going to be a long 4 hour flight 
fml!! i'm already sick again  whyyyy?!
ah stupid nightmare this morning!!! i need a nap cause my head hurts ):
yay i finished my paper for history tomorrow!
it is now time for sleeeeeep! goodnight  smile 
my phone is on its way back to me!  smile 
"today, i really don't feel good  but i have to go to class! ):"
"yay, i think i did my history paper a class too early! but at least it is done   smile "
whooo! working on my research paper  cannot take any breaks! lol
woot! it's december and there's only 17 more days of school! lol goodnight  smile 
"after tomorrow, i think college will be much easier  no more papers to turn in!!! lol just tests  but that's whateve  and there will only be 15 more days of school! the countdown continues   smile "
"<propfirst> is taking some pictures of the christmas tree  they look pretty cool  i jumped in front of one to ruin it, and i am a ghost! that's how good i am  playful  i didn't even ruin it "
i have a really intense headache 
"so for people who have my phone number, you can only text me  my phone decided not to work  so i can only text, yay "
today just isn't a good day  but at least my phone is going to get fixed for free because they broke it!
"icarly, what?!"
"the killers, what!? they calm me down "
i'm hungry! and i have an hour and a half to wait till english  it is boring being at the college doing nothing 
just read the mass of messages from yesterday  way to ruin a good day 
i am tired all the time! even if i get a lot of sleep 
gettin' jiggy with it  lol
"so many memories, truly, madly, deeply-savage garden  hahaha don't judge me!"
"the roof, the roof, the roof is on fire!"
riding in cars with boys 
'bout to pay the phone <propmale> 
awesome is my middle name   smile 
"study time!! i had 1 final today, i have 2 tonorrow and then 1 on wednesday  and then      no more school for a month! lol thats whats up   smile "
"i want to read uncle <propmale>'s cabin  it sounds interesting, but sad "
"how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind, the answer is blowin' in the wind "
"<propfirst> to me: if we weren't together i would \like\"" all your facebook statuses cause i would be trying to get with you  hahahaha wth?"""
my stapeler can't handle my 24 <propfemale> research paper packet! i tried a lot and it denied the staples   surprise  paperclip? lol
"i have a horrible sweet tooth right now  dinner: 2 pb&j's, some hot cocoa, dessert: some chocolate chip cookies dipped in my cocoa! be jealous  playful "
"i have my last final at 11  yay for today being the last day of school, ): for hurting!! i really hope this medicine doesnt make it hard for me to concentrate "
i am <propfemale> glad today was my last day  today i had some pretty good luck for once! i got money back for my text books   smile 
"and i <propmale> out with friends  so i am tired now, goodnight!"
3rd day in a row that ive woken up with a headache 
"wow, on suite life of zach and <propfirst> a girl just said about <propfirst>, \that's the only things he's ever excited \"" inappropriate much? lol"""
"its interesting how much people change  really interesting how those people start doing the same things they used to criticize you for  ah hypocrites, you suck "
all of my teachers are hella laggin'! why can't they post my grades up?
omg! i got an a in english! lol i thought i was going to get a b or a c  i'm super happy right now   smile  i have officially passed my first semester of college with two b's and two a's 
"also, i'm looking for a job  what is hiring?!"
someone got me sick! > sad 
i can't breath!  sad 
so i basically slept all christmas day and now i am tired again  at least i don't feel as sick anymore  smile 
goodnight!  smile 
it's weird how easy it is for me to feel exhausted 
"i'm watching green street hooligans, and i'm at the most intense part!"
goodniiight  smile 
hot hot heat was on <propmale> jr  interesting! lol
footloose!
so i've been awake for almost 2 hours and i haven't got out of bed yet  it's one of those days  i wish i could stay in bed all day 
about to go take the nclb test  hope i pass!
you got owned! lol
hopefully tomorrow goes really good and i get that phone call saying i passed my test and i get an interview!  smile 
i passed my test!! now i just gotta wait for a phone call  smile 
"i want it to be tuesday already  and then the weekend  this break went by really, really slow!"
wow the craigslist killer was an idiot  the movie just proves it  he was a <propfemale> 
"yay! i only have one class tomorrow, human sexuality!"
the sixth sense!!
first day of school all over again!
"i meant to type one, and my phone corrected me and put ubersexual  wth! lol"
"i liked my psych class, and saw a lot of people i know  but there were too many people "
"today was a huge fml  looking forward to tomorrow, hopefully it'll be better  "
school made me tired! but i got a good nap  smile  and tomorrow is financial aid day  woot! so i get books  lol
this weekend is going to he fun! i want to get my tattoo finished too  smile 
i keep forgetting that the <propmale> hop is this weekend!! i even scheduled my plans around it so i could go and i forget  lol
"poor <propfirst>, he has a 5 hour class right now from 5-10 "
tomorrow is going to be a busy day!
i have an hour and thirty mins until class  lame!
woot! i'll be done with school in an hour 
"today was way too busy  i am exhausted, but in the mood to do something productive because that's what i've been doing all day, but now i'm in a place where i can do something productive at my own pace "
"i've been setting my alarm every morning, and it is on loud not vibrate, and it hasn't been going off  wth! it's a good thing i have been waking up without my alarm "
does anyone have the book a sentimental journey?! i need to borrow it for class for a couple of weeks for class  no where has it! fml
"yay i got the book i need, an it was the last one!  smile "
<propfirst> is getting a hair cut  surprise 
"\someday you will die somehow and somethings gonna steal your carbon!\"""""
bout to get my tattoo!  smile 
"i feel productive, i just did my homework in like 20 minutes and i did my math at school while i was waiting for <propfirst> to get out!  smile "
so how do i fix my <propmale> at the college?
i got an interview!!
"sitting in with <propfirst> in his night class   longest class ever! we aren't even done, 2 more hours to go!  surprise "
ah just got out of my interview  idk how i did 
"three hours of school today  it seems like i'm the only one i know who has classes on friday! i don't want to go because i'm sick, but it would be easier if i went "
<propfirst> just got his first car  surprise 
"i don't feel good   annoyed  stupid cold! i have to do my homework though  laaaame! and after my homework, i'm going to drink some tea and sleeeeep "
"i officially have a fever of 101 3  my nose is plugged, and i have stomach pains  : <propfirst> has been making me feel better all day  i love him!!"
"green tea with <propfemale>, make my flu go away!  surprise "
i think i will actually be able to go to school tomorrow  smile 
wow my human sexuality text book is really interesting  me and <propfirst> have been reading it for like an hour now! lol
"i back my car into a cop car the other day, well he just drove off sometimes lifes okay "
ah so much time until 9 smile 0!
"\i'm convinced that if i hop the fence i can climb on in and get my fingerprints on your booty \"""""
me and <propfirst> are on a date lol  smile 
really want to hit who ever is blasting their music and making the whole parking lot vibrate!!! i'm trying to do my homework ):
yay my english class got canceled! i only have 2 classes now!
it's too hot outside today    annoyed 
we're celebrating <propfirst>'s birthday today   smile 
<propfirst> got me a bag of chocolate today  lol i've been craving chocolate!  love 
i had a good day today with <propfirst>  smile  we made everyone dinner and <propfirst> got his cinnamon rolls!
i feel like playing pool! but i'm broke lol 
i'm on payroll now! lol
"\i hardly have people that i needed to know cause you're the people that i wanted to know!\"""""
"so i am officially done with all my training  my real first day of work is on thursday, if i don't get called tomorrow!  surprise "
"so i'm supposed to be doing my econ homework that's due on friday, but facebook has me distracted! lol"
first day of work today! kinda nervous lol 
"\the bible is a basic instruction <propmale> to follow before leaving the earth \"" that's deep """
it's finally friday!  smile 
it's such a nice day outside! but it is going to start getting hot really soon   annoyed 
today was a good day  especially because it is friday! this week was so slow  cause it was busier than my regular school weeks  work! haha
my psych class is always fun  smile 
"back from palo alto  i had fun hanging out with my dad and everything  even though it was for a doctor visit, it was still fun  smile "
headache ):
i'm done 
"i had a good day today, even if i still have a headache  but it is always fun having some quality sister time with pammie! lol"
i worked all week at rivera! it wasn't so bad  i'm still alive lol 
"april is autism awareness month and its special education week, and this is in honor of all the children who need a little extra help, <propfemale> & understanding  please copy and paste in support "
