bf99bc650cbe182e6544e448b37f9f22
whoo i just found a bunch of  my relatives on here  i wonder if they will accept my requests 
whooo i just   got pokemon heart gold whoo!!!  x3 * runs off to play*
can i get eveyone in farmville to send me materiles when  you can i need 3 bricks 6 harness 6 horseshoe 6 nail 5 wooden board 7 slate tile 6 paned window 10 aged brick 6 weathered board 9 clinging vine
i am 18 tomarrow and i feel old   even tough other say 18 aint old it is to me heh 
todays my birthday   wow the days seem to fly by really fast 
let's see who is paying  attention   every single one of you who are on my friend list as a  result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as a  friend but also as family! let's see who is on my friends list actually  pays attention  copy and post this on your status  i will be watching to  see!!!
strawberry shortcake rolls are yummeh
argh no way not fair not faiirr      im playing spore arena for ds yah   on the last boss fight   least i think it is and the game froze up! its just not fair!! t~t
pwaeh    half a  pizza    full   lil sick    going to bed  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz      
ugh ive been feeling so   i dunno tierd and stuff lately   i also aprently will be getting an id soon   ugh
">if you're brave   copy this into your \status and see what people rate you: (1) crazy (2) wish we went out \(3)talkative(4)sarcastic (5) loveable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  dumb \(9)spoiled (10)mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy (13) funny (14) \awesomelyawesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute (1 smile  drama \         <propfemale> (19)bestfriend (20)want to get to know you better rate me"
it  sucks being  alone   but it  sucks  more to love  some one  whos  already  taken  
is  it  just  me  or  are  the  games  here   like not loading  or  soemthing?
omgahd  i  just   got a  free  copy of  portal  omgahd!!!    the  cake  is  a lie    because  its a  pie  but  the pie  is a  spy but  that spy is  actully a  fly  on the pie! omgahd im   so  excited  fwaahhh *foams  at  the mouth*
ugh mah b-days tomarrow   surprise 
ahhh  i   i cant  log  into my email any more   !!! argh!!!!!!!!! t~t
hey  any one  who reads  this    if  you know  what gmod is you  should  comment on this  and  suggest  somethings i  should make  laugh 
omg  i hate  summer  t~t;; 82  degrees   is  the temp and  its  nearly  midnight! argh
"night of the werecat (ghosts of fear street #12)\by r l  stine, <propfemale> <propmale>  ahh   the  title  of a  old  book  i  used  to  barrow  from my old  school libery so often  i loved  that book   i  hope  i can get  it once again any one  know were i can read it online? lol"
argh i  hate my life   i coulda  gotten the new  sims  generatiosn  e playful antions a  few  days  ago  when it  was  in stock  but  nooo my  family  said  noo  lets  wait a  few  days   and  guess  what  it  wasent  in stock!! argh  i hate  my life !!! ffeeccckkk
aha   i have a   walmart  gift card  now  when  sims  generaitions is  avalible online again i  can get  it  yay lol
got sims  generations  and im not  off  to play for  hours  lol weeee  love 
*thuds to the floor*   been playin  sims generations  for  quit a  while    was  happly  playing  when  my sim   was  joging  threw  the  gravyard for soem resson and my  game  just  stops   responding   and im  just  argh!  i lost  so much data ! frrrik   i hate  when  stuff like  this  happens
"let's see who truly reads my status    you and i wake up in a police car handcuffed together  using three words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along  (you  dont have  to  do this  is  you dont whana  just  for  fun   i mean  the repost thing)"
ugh i  hate   waiting  for  stuff  to download  its  been at  2  hours  for  3 or  so  hours  then  now  its  at  1 hours  for  about  2  hours  now argh download  faster  sillly  game   this  better  be  worth  it  i  hope  it  will be
argh  im so mad  right  now  dont  really  whana  talk about  it   best  not  to talk  to me  right now  
   im  so  tierd  of  this  feeling   this  constant  feeling  that  im alone   and  that  i'll always be  i may not  be  alone in the seance that i  havea   few  friends    and  pepole that care    but  i  still  feel  so alone   and im  sick of it  
ahh sometime last night   my comp nearly died on me   i woke this morning to it trying to repair it scared me   i dunno how longer itall last im actully surpriesed its lasted this long   pah
aekfwebgkgladhy i  got  gifted  tererra  omgaahhheeeddddd *nerd spazz gasam* o o
omg  thats  scary  ffffff aprently  some  one  from  japan  tried  to log  into my account  or  they  did    pah  i  feel       violated     somehow   ><
omg    my brother    sometime  last  night   he died  i cant  belive  this   its  not  fair   why him  why now    my head  hurts  
ugh   my mind is playing tricks on me    i keep hereing sounds come from his room   i keep e playful ecting him to come to my doorway with a stupid grin i keep  thinking i can hear him calling me but its always so faint    i cant stand this  
hey ay ay    terarria  playin ppls    ive  destoryed   2   showdow  orbs    should  i   destroy a  third  and  summon  the  boss  eater  of  worlds  to see  if  i can  kill it?  laugh 
"there are moments in life when you wish you could bring someone down from heaven and spend the day with them just one more time---give them one more hug, kiss them goodbye, or hear their voice again---just one more <propmale> to say \i love you\""  copy and paste in remembrance of our loved ones who are not here   gone but not forgotten!"""
gosh  ive  been  in such a   odd   whana  play pokemon  mood  lately its  wierd  hah
bwahaha  yes yes  yes  i defeted  skelatron in terarria  laugh  thorn  potions  defintly  helped  x3
<propfemale> went to a drive in with some family saw smurfs and zookeeper had an awesome time but my back an legs hurt now lol spent around 10$ on snakes though oh well  laugh 
"type each letter of your name in the search bar and see who comes up first\c angel campo\h heavyweapons guy red\e <propmale> j  vasquez\l aperture transport truck     wait  what? thats  what came up     _ \s blu scout\e brawler the-echidna\a <propfirst> carvin"
i  wish  i  could  play mincraft so much *wish's  someone  could  buy it  for me hopefull  face* >w>
oh!  dude ettes  how  many  of  you on my list  felt  the  quake?
apretly  i  used  the custard  dounut  i  was  gunna  eat  as a  pillow  for  the  past oh    9hours    lol so  sticky    playful 
