3f26ad14bdf792c15f9e92fd3d200234
i hope we all have a great year!! it cant get any worse   right? lol
baby awake with a fever   lets farm!!!
"child care provider pet peeve   when you say your coming at 7 am  making you the earliest kid, please show up   lets see    8 11 still no show no call   how rude!!!!!"
"so little update with my new mom drama   monday , no show   i make the rude comment   tues, 6:40 am   she calls to say sorry about mon can i still bring the kid   yes of course   wed, no show , no call again  lol  what a mess!!! lolthurs   6 smile 0, well see "
"9 surprise 0 last day care kids left, house is quiet and husband is still at work   whoooo hope the farm is fixed"
went to see up for danielas birthday  cute movie   oh my gosh $79 00 for the movies   35 for popcorn and drinks   its been awhile since ive gone to the theatres<<lol
wow!!  6 surprise 0 football practice   nobody told me that football was a family involved sport  lol
"thinking i might like this 6 football call   it is now 645, kids are at field, groceries bought for husbands meals   adnd 1st shift of kids have arrived    what a great wife i am  lol let the laughter commence    "
had a great 4th   thanks to the <propmale> for a great beginning and then thanks to the fortners for a great ending  
"so jealous of my brother   always knew he had a cool job traveling, but looking at his pics    really bring it home how cool it is   he is in ireland right now   wow"
had a great lunch with my dad for his birthday  thank you to <propfemale> who watched my day care so i could leave for an hour without extra kids  
yeah!!!!!!! internet is fixed!!! i rock   who needs computer techs when i can figure it out myself  lol
so    to all you men out thee   something you never say to your wife    wow!!!how much do you weigh?  you are huge!!!! lol  and my husband wonders why i hate him  lol
"more on my comment yesterday   the prob is he is hispanic and doesnt understand how to say things non bluntly? is that the right way to put it   he thinks we all want to hear the truth, brutal or not   doesnt understand when i get mad  \ dont you want to """
"so    who knew that you cant have a fax, phone and your dsl all on the same line  lol  i guess i do need the tech guy  lol"
"i never thought that i would look forward to a first aid cpr class as much as i am   yeah,, all day long =no day care for the day   happy day off  finally"
"so saorry for daycare parents    24 hour flu  hit my house mon, and all kids have gotten sick, three of my own    so sorry!! note to parents though    if kids throw up before coming to daycare   do not bring them"
be careful with the farm town addicts   i just sent my cousin a pornographic picture with it  
cant we change it so no one has to work until9 or 10 each day   whats with being at work by 6 smile 0 or 7   lol  crazy
funny!! you never know how much you use your internet until it is down for a few days   lol thank goodness for radio shack and just needing new cords 
"so a few days ago i took a quiz   my personality is romance  lol!!!!!! but, i wake up saturday morning to a huge vase of purple flowers and white roses    wow   who doesnt want to get kicked out  lol  lol  lol"
"yeah!!! 7 surprise 0 seminary for 16 yr old,check, 7:20 avid class for 15 yr old, check,8 surprise 5 2nd grader, check,8:15 13 yr old middle schooler, check, 12 smile 3 naptime    4 under 2 and 3, four year olds, check!!!!!and we get to do it all again    how many days until summer????? lol  oh yah, football practice  blech>> i really need to learn to like football   3 boys, 2 teams after 6 years   sure"
nice! 5 surprise 0 saturdday night all day care has gone home!!!
"parents with teenage boys, i need help!! we are taking family to disneyland, 15 year old doesnt want to go  disneyland is for babies he says  so do i make him go and make us all miserable, or let him stay home and tick me off"
awesome night   both bous played a great game!!! of course our team won!!! yeah!! 34 to 20   way to go <propfirst> and brodie
yeah!!! moving back into home that we actually own!!! mortgage pmts   no more rent  packing   of course i am packing as i am writing  lol  moving friday and saturday so wont be on again until monday  keep tending my farm   have a great weekend
"wow!! 6 days of no internet and it takes 90 minutes just to read postings  i havent even started on my requests  lol glad that im moved and thanks to my friends and my awesome helper , ashley,who have made this move easier thatn it could have been"
"how is it that i have spent my whole life trying to make every one i know happy   family , friends, day care parents   but in order for me to be finally happy   i have to hurt the one person that loves me the most "
spending too much time on stupid quizzes   need sleep  lol
"ok,, so proud mommy but also scared  my 145pound sophmore is being moved up to varsity football team  love it cause im the proud mom, but oh my gosh   those seniors are 200 pounds or more   ouch!!!!"
"so  kinda funny   my mother -in-law and sis-in-law were here since sunday   they know no english, lol i know perquito espanol   i bored them so they left today  lol, oh well, cant say i didnt try"
getting psyched   brodies first varsity game tonight   arghhhh hes only 15
"ok   so can i tell ya all   my kids rock!!!! codys playing jv his first year of football   awesome playing time today, not his fault passes didnt get to him   bragging for a minute   so sorry   first 4 plays in the game, who tackles 4 times   yes it is     brodie!!!! and his sophmore friend keno     awesome job    so proud   they lost  but awesome game"
"\oh what a beautiful morning!!      \"""""
having fun finding my leaders from my youth   what a great group of people i had surrounding me   thank you all my leaders and girls in my <propmale>   we are a great group of people!!!
yeah!! brodie informed me so nonchalantly that he is defensicve player of the week!!! hello>> first varsity game   oh yah!!!!  bragging over   how do i have such modest kids   he acted like he didnt even want me to know  lol
hate this weather  my poor daycare kids are all coughing  they are trying to eat   lol   it sounds like the seal exhibit at the zoo
so a little bone to pick with coaches at north high   why would you pull a boy up to varsity   play awesome one game and then the next week not play him at all   i understand that the player he replaced came back   but then let him go back to jv so he doesnt have to sit out the whole stinking game!!!!!!!!
"if you dont like the new fb, here is how you can change it back to the old  look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on!8 hours ago · comment · like   unlike  write a comment   "
what the heck is high blood pressure???? my life is totally no stress at the moment but my blood pressure disagrees  so now all my bragging of not needing to exercise is in vain   guess i gotta start doing something
so the dr and this high blood pressure crud has gotten me worri<propmale>   i call <propmale> dr to find out how high i was   153 over 99   guess that is high   so after going over list of things that i ne<propmale> to change i guess i ne<propmale> to exrcise a little lower stress(husband must leave!!!!!) and no  more diet coke   so i am apologizing early for the soon to be witchy <propfemale>  a <propfemale> without diet coke is not a pretty sight  lol
"whew, last day care kid just left   time for bed  "
"so this no diet coke idea   stupid!!!! i have the worst headache ive ever had   i am going to give in, i guess cold turkey is not the way to go   how about one a day   isnt that a vitamin or something??? sounds good to me  lol"
"e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory that pops in your head about you & me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
third day of no diet coke   yesterday head hurt sooo bad i gave in and had half of a can   so far so good   found a new addiction    mcdonalds hot chocolate   hmmmmm
no headache!!!! diet coke addiction is over   yeah me  lol
heading out to the last football game of high school season   please let them win!!!
"yeah nto my boys   <propfirst> on jv played a lot but they couldnt quite beat the east  41 -20   ouch varsity on the other hand, finally played brodie again and what?? yes tthey won!!! 28 -20  awesome game  great for the seniors to win their last game way to go north high"
oh no! maybe i need to give him another <propmale>   hahahhahaha
update on my maid   she was too busy to come today  lol   hahahhahaha
"i left my house at 4 surprise 0 this morning , found a few good deals, shopping is done!! just need to start my baking now   "
so sad   my four day weekend is over and i only accomplished about 3 things on my to do list   so glad i got to sleep in at least 2 of the days  
wanted: children to babysit   if anyone knows anyone that needs childcare in bakersfield area please send them my direction   oildale area   thanks   lol
lol   just lost another kid   mom lost her job  maybe ill go back to working at bobs big boy   if they ever open
"ø¤<propfemale>º°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸christmas¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤<propfemale>º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,„christmas¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°    copy and paste and keep the wave going! <propfemale> christmas!"
"i feel bad complaining about our 34 degree weather when you others have it so myuch colder   i have to go to svc tomorrow and if this continues i wont get over the grapevine   its still closed   sorry <propfemale>, i love you!!"
"pleaase dont rain, please dont rain, please dont rain     hoping to get through the grapevine today and come home tonight   please dont rain   "
yeah!!! someone is watching over us  after going into x-ray and having the tech move her arm around    it didnt hurt anymore     of course you still need to sit an hour in a half for the dr to say that nothing is wrong!!!
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all your friends asap"
off to take 2 boys to driving school  its about time my 16 yr old learns   he will be 17 in march  lol
<propfemale> christmas to all  and happy hannakuh   to all   not sure the right dates but i didnt want to leave out my jewish friends in my holiday greetings  love you all 
thank you to my daycare kiddos for my goodies   love you all
ready for the next batch of kids to help bring in the new year! hope all of you stay safe   happy new year!!!
we are still having fun at my house!!!how about you?
"good morning!!! cant wait until 9 when these kids get picked up, then i can go to sleep!!"
ok   this daycare is now closed until 330 this afternoon   
got back from seeing <propfemale> hunt show with bf cherisse      watch tues maybe youll see me in the audience  
"ok   so funny, but then seriouslly, if i have said anything on here that has given anyone the wrong idea   i am sorry!  i am married and i am on facebook because i love all my friends  past and present   i am only interested in friendship     i thought only my husband was that jealous! again, i apologize"
"heres what happened  i wrote on a guy friends wall from high school ,why my husband doesnt want me to connect with high school friends,he assumes i slept my way through hart high   so his wife thought that i was inappropriate and insinuated that i wanted her husband  i sincerely apolojized to her then posted an apology  the two were sarcastic and insincere apology not accepted  lol"
"ok   done with making fun of others   even though i loved everyones comments    so i was l;ooking in some things from school and found some little books that we all filled out with info about things we liked in that time  so, need to know if people want them posted, or if you would like to call me or message me, and i will read you wour answers"
l   ok friends from placerita  <propfirst> brown price and i are trying to figure out who briggy is??? does anyone remeber who would have been called that?
"originally green, now ?"
"put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered baby loss or infertility  ??? the majority won't put it on, because unlike cancer, baby loss infertility is a taboo  ??? break the silence  ??? in memory of all the ~angel~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten, and the babies who were not possible but are so loved   my baby <propfirst>  5 months was not long enough to hold "
"its wayback week!!!!!! we're going retro!!! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!!"
"its wayback week!!!!!! we're going retro!!! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!!  since you all laughed at my other one  can i here an awwwwwww"
so here is kindergarten   this is fun!!
"i like this   i can inform everyone at one time  but as of 730 pm i have left a message with my dad but havent talked to him yet, so please dont anyone say anything yet  yes!!!!!!! <propfirst> left  i kinda feel bad that i feel so great   danielas comment about him leaving   \ maybe with him gone you wont yell so much  right mom?\"""""
9 years old   look at that forehead!! why didnt my mom get that i needed bangs  lol
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows
16yrs old   yeah sound vibes!!!
"has the guts to say shame on you <propfemale>, the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv station "
ok   sorry!!! i was trying to make another happy by not challenging her to repost   i dint know that i would delete it all  i was trying to just repost without the 99% wont repost    please contine  it ticks me off that we are struggling while the govt sends money to help others  someone else had commented that there are still <propfemale> surviors that would love the money that a telethon would bring 
a person of true beauty  a girl with such a kind personality that anyone will simply fall in love with  a <propfemale> will help anyone out without hesitation  they have trusting blue eyes and large bussoms 
update for family and friends that are in area  <propfirst> is getting baptized  march 6th at 1100 is tentative date  i will keep you all informed if it changes  we will have lunch after at my house  pkease let me know if you can make it
does anyone have a recipe for the chicken in chicken haystacks  hopefully one of the sanders girls??
update on elmers baptism   its put off for 2 more weeks  march 20th now is the day!
"quick quiz question   where would i want to  eat for my birthday? trying to see if i make my likes known or if i really dont tell people,(my husband), what i like "
how sad that they make the <propfemale> losers sing   i was crying so much because the last girl singing the climb was horrible!!  no wonder she went home
wishing heaven had a facebook so i could send my mom a request   
"so i have some interesting neighbors and i would like some help figuring out what they do   they have 4 or 5 carloads of people,drums beating and no lights on at night  this happens about twice a week  today the husband walked out with a dead rooster!!!!!!! any ideas?"
elmers new baptism date is march 27th at 11 surprise 0  he still has to meet with stake pres again on sunday so i will let everyone know if it changes again 
"to all those out there with teenage daughters who give them grief and to all those who have a daughter who hasn't gotten there yet but one day may, god <propmale> us <propfemale> and peace and the restraint to just not beat the living crap out of them at any given moment!!"
"says    you can't scare me     i\m a mom"""
my baby is 2 today! why do they grow up so fast?
nice day today! i got to sleep in until 8 surprise 0 and i got all the clothes on my daughters bed folded   yeah me!! daycare kids now playing in the back  
<propfirst> lambert is rocking on <propfemale>! i love the song he sang 
"sometimes you think that nothing is going right, then surprise! it all goes right"
"oh my gosh!!! phone call from my 15 yr old  just got kicked out of his baseball game!!1 his friend punched him in face so mine hit him back with his catchers mitt!! broke the kids tooth!!  yeah     dont push my kid around   but crap   now i have a ticked off dad  what do i do  the kid deserved it, i guess he has been really aggressive for a while and kinda asked for it  "
thank goodness for mothers with common sense   mother of kid my son hit called me and thankfully she understands that my kid was just reacting to being hit  dad still wants me to help pay for dental work( 2 front teeth were knocked out) but mom agrees that it's not my fault  happy monday!!!
i got a certificate in the mail today because may 7th is international provider appreciation day! who knew? hug your provider that day   flowers or <propfemale> prob would be cool too! lol
does anyone have list of things to bring for the pioneer trek? <propfirst> is on the commitee for it but we lost the info
addiction: the act of calling friends in other states to tell them their crops are ready  enabling: your friends texting you back so you can harvest  lol
"i love my calling at church,but i wish we were given more info  i took my kids to a fireside tonight and as im waiting to pick up my kids, there are a lot of parents  i would have liked to go!"
good morning! what a great day?
"ok, gotta brag! my 2yr old by only 20 days has decided that she doesnt need diapers anymore  dax 3 of going potty all day on toilet  yeah me!"
"i need more neighbors in social city   any one else playing this game please be my neighbor,, thanks"
"oh what a great day! church, then bday party at park and then down to <propfemale> for another bday party!"
6ood morning
so my husband brought us a puppy  the getting back together vibe is great! (insert sarcasm here)aren't 5 kids and a daycare enough to clean up after? which we all know i don't do that well! lol
poor baby has been puking since 2 am  tomorrow will be a loooong day  now she is fast asleep and i am not   6:15 is going to get here really fast
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke,when your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filledwith crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go longperiods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend  they will know who you mean "
"any farmtowners still playing? please send me walnut trees, <propfemale> trees or cows   thanks"
so i really like cafeworld   problem is that it takes about 20 minutes to load and then when i finally can get to cooking my food it freezes   this stinks  
"how many of us really know all of the people on our friend list? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how you met me  please do this for me! after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this can really be 24 hours from now!"
i am stunned by some things that people think are important in this world  
happy birthday to my son brodie   16 yrs old today!!!  how did that happen??
"dear daycare parents, i know that ice cream is dairy, but it isnt a good breakfast food!!"
"good morning! first day of football practice 6 am     summer school at 7 smile 0, keeping my boys busy  3 high school football players! yeah me!"
"what a great day! not too many daycare kids but enough, fun times at a daycare kids party and ended the night with an almost midnight swim with an awesome friend  honestly my life couldnt be better   "
wow!! 10 kids on a saturday thank you cash pay drop ins!!!
"yeah!! day shift over let the night begin  3 kiddos just showed up, took one kid to a dance other two in separate rooms playing against each other on xbox  "
"good night  daycare all gone, my 5+1 friend on their own   "
i am going to the reunion picnic on sunday!! who else is going and who is going to the reunion sat night?
<propfemale>'s baptism is sat july 3rd at 5   please let me know if you can come
im at the park    no one is here!!
<propfemale> and i a party make   
had a lot of fun catching up with friends!!
"man!! internet is down and i cant play my games from my phone sad  my farm,city and sweet shop are all going to go to waste   augh"
please heavenly father send a flock of seagulls to rid me of this scourge called lice!!! it has been a month since i have seen one but now a daycare kid has it     augh!!!!!
whoohoo!! 30 days until my much needed vacation  i havent had one since my move to texas which was almost 4 yrs ago i hope to get in as many utah friends as possible  starting at byu on aug 2 headed to vernal  whomever i can hit on my way up will be awesome!!back at byu on the 7th
cleaning <propfemale> needed!! daycare kids all gone but too tired to clean  lots of people coming over sat but just too tired   
i used a weedwacker today     oh my gosh!!! what fun!!!!! my next job is the wacker of gardening  i cant stand anything else   planting  watering or pulling weeds    but love that weedwacker thing  lol
had a nice day  thanks to the fortners for letting me and my daycare kids  invade their party  you guys are awesome!!
at the beach with almost my whole family   surprise surprise brodie came with  its a little cold 72 but sooooo nice  i dont want to go back to 102 degrees   one daycare kid with me so i kinda got a day off 
"free movies this week are, madagascar 2 and where the wild things are, starts at 10 am at the marketplace, but get there early"
is it good or bad that i am smiling after a conversation with the ex-husband? the first one  lol
"whoohoo   11 surprise 0pm, 96 degrees and it is raining!!!love bakersfield summers  lol, hold on california, i feel an earthquake coming!!!!"
"so i need motherly advice   my 16 yr old wants to go to a diff high school  do i give in and let him go, we can use elmers address, he will have his license so i wont have to drive him   or do i just say tough and make him suck it up???"
"ok   i gave in to son pressure and all you awesome fb friends and i am letting him go to stockdale   <propfirst> thankfully lives in that area so he will be able to play sports, he is going to \live\"" with him  now i need to find him a car!!!!"""
can i tell ya how much i love my job!!! especially on days when everyone is at grandmas or daddies for the day  thanks for the easy day today   
"is it weird that we have been seperated since <propfirst>, yet he wants to take the kids and i to dinner and a movie for our anniversary? and of course im going   he didnt spend this money when we were together, so i will enjoy it now(insert evil lol)"
sorcerers apprentice is awesome!!!!
13 more days until my vacation!!!!!
"8 more days until i leave for utah!!! don't worry parents, <propfirst> will be here to watch your kids"
good morning! up early to take <propfirst> and <propfirst> to camp  they are hiking mt whitney be safe boys!!
what a sap i am!! my son just called me from the top of mt <propfirst> to say he loved me and now im blubbering like the babies i watch  who knew kids could make you like this?
"i changed the channel and my 2yr old turns to me and says   \hannah montana mommy!\"""""
planet 51 or hotel for dogs are the free movies today
old photo because i cant find one that i like of me now! i guess thats a good enough reason to go on a diet   i don't like my pictures?  lol
i would like to take this moment and thank the govt for the wonderful job they are doing!!i got my official letter today stating that due to budget still not being passed all payments for child care will not be made!!!! indefinitely until budget is passed   thanks again   i am working and yet not getting paid!!!
in <propfemale> <propfemale> right now picking up my friend sowe can <propfemale> and <propfemale> it out of here!! ook out utah <propfemale> is coming!!
up and at em! gotta get <propfirst> to provo  
"leaving vernal onwards to idaho  thanks <propfirst> and <propfemale>, your the best!! gonna see my aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propmale> tonight  vacations are kinda fun!!!!"
"something is wrong with my messages  i cant access them  if you need to message me just send me a text instead      <propfemale>, i think your the one who wrote something,"
i will be in salt lake this afternoon if anyone wants to <propfemale> out call me! 6618085590
got to see my cousin <propmale> at his fire station and his wife and their cute kids! thanks for letting me tag along     no one took me up on hanging out so west <propfirst> and south here i come   
"ok   utah stinks for this california girl that doesnt know her directions!!!north,south,west,east    crummy freeways  took me 2 5 hours to get semi where i wanted to be and then of course no rooms available  i might end up in someones church parking lot!!! lol"
"wow!! what a great day! didnt get lost, spent some time with my cousin <propfemale>, surprised my cousin <propfemale>, ran into <propfemale> at lowes, spent an awesome evening with <propmale> and <propfemale>   i love my family!!!!"
vacation cut short  austyn misbehaving at friends so i need to get home   he is busted    
thanks to all who have offered to take austyn!!! already left towards home but now we can visit sights back   cool fort days at cove fort  
"so i had an awesome vacation!! ready to love on my day care kids again   sometimes you just need a break    my boys are all dead though   broken window, broken chairs, food all over   i guess my 16 yr old isnt old enough to be left alone       thanks <propfirst> for the awesome job!! at least my daycare room is clean!"
whats with the new format again? i really don't like
"back to school clothes shopping tonight  why are clothes sooooo e playful ensive? 3 boys down, now a 8yr old girl to go    ughhhhh"
"anyone else feel like some days your in the pepto bismol commercial? doesnt help that oven isnt working either so i got a \new one\"" from a yard sale  didnt work   so kids keep bugging me to eat!!! 4ang blasted kids   lol"""
"i have 70 potential zoomates!! if you play zoo world, please add me as a mate and send me chocolate factory materials  thanks"
"daycare kids just left, now to check my cafe,zoo,and country and then off to bed  lol  i know they say that our children receive blessings by going to seminary in the morning   what about us parents that have to drive them? do we get blessings too? 5 smile 0 is too early for me to be getting up   can you say crabby daycare provider   hahahaha   not i"
"good morning! back to school!!! whoo hoo!! havent been up this early in years! its good for ya to get up early   right?off to drive 4 kids to seminary, what a great start to the day   wish i could stay!"
"thanks for all the reassurances!! i hate the \whoah feel sorry for me \""posts but that just hit me in the face!"""
"really!! flash flood warning for kern county??? maybe we will get some rain to cool this place down   sorry <propfemale>, no snow"
really?!! 3 in the morning and my temp gauge still says its 93 outside!!
"californians be warned  the state legislature and the governor of california are attempting to eliminate all benefits for welfare to work, including childcare for struggling families  this cannot be allowed  please contact governor <propmale> schwarzenegger (916) 445-2841 senator <propfirst> florez (916) 651-4016assembly member <propfirst> fuller (916) 319-2032 to let them know this can't be allowed and repost it to keep it going"
"first week of seminary completed with only one of the four that i drive not making it! good job you guys!!one week down, quite a bit more to go  lol"
"sorry, bragging season has begun!! brodie just jumped in the air,intercepted the ball and ran 20 yards for first touchdown of game!!! whoot!!"
"anyone want to do service we need help at the fruitvale norris park  we are refurbishing benches  please come and help, we are helping a scout earn his eagle!!!"
what a great day! had a blast painting park benches and getting to know members of my <propmale> better now back to work with daycare kids  
<propfirst> this day down   <propfemale> has nothing to say    
feel better now  looked at some pics from my vacation that <propfemale> took   ready for another one   right after football  lol
"sooo tired! can't sleep   <propfemale>, where are you?"
"630 on a holiday is too early  to be up  then phone rings and kids arent coming  whoohoo back to bed for an hour!!now i am up, gotta love my job! hours suck but i am lying on my couch with a blanket, no more kids coming until 10"
getting excited for the boys first game tonight!! austyn dropped out of football so i just have 2 playing and both on varsity!!made shirts to show my spirit      but the darn letters won't stay on  i cant even iron on right!!!!  lol
"what an awesome weekend!! started friday with my boys winning their game! then sat, my friends son came home from his mission and another son was baptized  what a great way to make 9 11 a great day  then today( a little late to church but i am getting there)_dinner at my brothers   wow  and i only have had 1 daycare kid with me   whoohoo   love to ya all!"
"woke up late today  kids were 5 <propfemale> late to se<propfemale>ary and i didnt want to drive home and come back so sleeping in church parking lot  lol, happy monday!"
cooler weather going on! i think i smell friendship bread baking! anyone have a starter to share?? i am too lazy to start it myself   <propfemale>? <propfemale>? anyone?
its friday!! football tonight in tehachapi!! go north!
darn it! boys lost  but what a game!!! played it close and they didn't get slaughtered!!!19-13
"what a great night! thanks for all who came and to those who didn't, we missed you  next month oct 29th get ready for our monster mash halloween party "
"does a momma proud when    the reporter on tv comments\brodie smith doing his part\"" when he is talking about my boys football game!!!"""
"14 years ago well, i don't know what to say, my son austyn fought his way into this world!! and is still fighting!! i love my boy!"
thank goodness for nap time   something is great with the world when all 6 kiddos are asleep at same time   darn i'm good!!!!
so north is being nice because it is the other teams homecoming!! 27-0 is nice enough!! lets get going north   i need some touchdowns!
"33-6!!!! at least we go one tchdwn   half time, maybe next half is our turn!"
34-21 we are coming back   last quarter to go!!!!
"48-21!!! what is wrong with north??? well, still love ya boys!!"
"i just heard on radio <propfemale> <propfirst>'s new song  can't say that i hate it! but as a mom, i would hope that there is more to a teenage dream then just \going all the way\"""""
yeah!!!! off to the fair!! wow and i only have 5 kiddos with me!!!
"wow,just got a phone call from a woman looking for daycare only 3 days a week  upset at other provider because provider doesnt pay enough attention to her daughter  doesnt like that provider runs errands she told me that we get paid to watch her kid so that is what we need to do  run errands on your own time, not hers  loldon't call me back, i  have kids from 4:15am until midnight almost 7 days  when is my free time?"
"lovely,, so i have no late day care kids, i get to go to bed early, 930 whoohoo    but now look who is already awake!!! arghhhh"
101 degrees outside and it is raining!!!!!
homecoming!!!!  let's prove everone wrong and win!!!!!!
"so again my lovely computer   i get so far in a game that i like and then it freezes so i cant get on  so sorry zooers, i can do all but actually get on the zoo  "
<propfemale> <propfemale> friends  what time is priesthood session tomorrow  my ex wants to go but i dont know the time
centenial 32 north zero   but we are making it hard
"daycare kids gone! off until 10 am tomorrow, thankful for conference on tv, i am sleeping in!! night all"
today is another say nothing day   at least for now  lol
so my moment of saying nothing is over  i am thinking of unfriending a friend on fb because she owes me money and yet always is posting what she is spending money on   i would rather not know because it kinda makes me mad   especially since i havent been paid by state either 
"i know i am tempting fate    but,, bring it on"
at my boys game   we better win!!!
first touchdown of game      brodie smith!!!!!!
"north 14,  west 7"
darn it 14-14
21-21 <propmale> carillo with a 95 yard kick return   touchdown
brodie smith  another touchdown!!!!! 28-27
oh my gosh!!!!!! brodie smith touchdown!!!!!!
"darn it, we lost  west 40! north 35   brodie smith 3 touchdowns"
so good fore brodie but stinks for cod   he didnt play again!!!
sorry for the play by play!! i know there are a few that were interested for the others i apologize  sometimes i am a too proud parent  wish it could get better for <propfirst>
"ohhhh, i loved where i grew up!! i am walking the paseos right now with my girls  how lucky we were growing up "
"sorry, i was wrong, brodie didnt get first touchdown     but he sure got it close!!"
"i have the best friends on this planet   i have friendship bread starter headed my way, i have friends helping with my daycare this week, and just when i was gonna hit up the seminary kids for gas money   , my tank gets filled! thank you!!and       my parent is going to pay me!!!yeah me!"
boys  football game!! <propfirst> went in! yeah  brodie then intercepted but time ran out  half time  6-0 highland
"so my kid just told me not to come to his games!wow, so glad i am a supportive mom"
so to end the embarrassment of my son i am going to delete previous posts regarding his game   it is not because of any comments      lol
can i just say how good it feels to giggle like a love sick teenager?? thats all i'm saying! and i still love being single
"daycare providers nightmare!!! little girl gets finger closed in door and 8 hours later its broken!!!! and    its one of the favorites!!! sooooo sorry <propfemale>!( not that its any better if its a bratty kid, but you all know what i mean)"
wow! what a week   6 kids lost in ine week   4 due to budget cuts and 2 because i suck at telling parents when there kids are hurt  was supposed to call emergency contact instead of waiting 30 <propfemale> for parent   for a smashed finger    soooo sorry!!!!! carrows is looking like a great job change!!!
"football game tonight! lets go north!!! brodie is starting qb, and there are a lot of players out so <propfirst> will prob start also!!!"
"north 14, east 0"
whoohoo    north won 23-14   i love my boys!!
how fun!! 4of my fb friends posted pics from lombardi's today   wonder if you were all there at the same time
"what a bummer    the coaches changed my sons number to 16, but didnt tell any media that they did   so hometown sports was all about <propfirst> <propmale>   which was really brodie smith  darn it"
cruddola!!! i took kids to pumpkin patch and then new just called wanting to meet at my house to discuss budget    can anyone get there in 5 <propfemale> to clean for me????
hahahaha 5 surprise 0 on channel 29 you will get to see big momma day care provider in all her unmakeuped  <propfemale>!! sure am glad i'm not self conscience 
"making 13 pounds of meat to hopefully feed all 42 football players tomorrow for lunch!!my house is going to smell goooood at about noontime    arent ya all jealous!! ya should be, i dont cook often!!lol"
north vs south   score is 19-0    brodie smith all three tds!!!!
so i get to worry all week for licensing to show up again while i try to prove to them that i am good to my daycare kids and that i deserve to keep my license    how do you fight when its your reputation and livlihood that is at stake?
my poor <propfemale> is sick  coughing so bad she didnt want to go trick or treating  sitting in front of her school so they can get the money for her for showing up but im taking her right back home to bed  lol
my son <propfirst> got some kind of award for being a humanitarian   go <propfirst>!! he gets to follow businessmen around today   whoohoo
"whoohoo!!judge overturned the calworks budget cuts   meaning that the parents will still ahve their daycare!! yeah!!! next, is this for the year or just another band-aid?"
"kinda funny when the news reporters sound shocked about north winning 3 games in a row! lol, congratulations north!! one more to go!"
love fb!! found another friend that meant a whole lot to me 10 yrs ago   thank goodness for technology!
help!! i need any video of games played against north this year if anyone has any! a company that helps recruit kids has called for brodie but i need video   when i asked coaches before i was told they dont give away game videos   so if anyone might have any or know anyone that might have some i will be fiorever grateful!
"north against garces tonight  garces won their game last week with 80 points   please dont beat us by that much!!!!or better yet, why dont we win!!!! yeah!"
ok my highland manor friends  i nee waaaayyyyyyy more than 2 people attending our pumpkin social on sat  ( even though i think <propfemale> and i would have a blast!!!) it would still be nice for a few more to show up   please!!!!  lol
heading to fresno tonight  the boys made it to playoffs so off i will go  i have 3 more seats if anyone wants to go  im leaving at 5  i love assistants  she will stay and watch my daycare kids so i can go without any extras!!  lets go north!!
brodie got the award   hardest nail in the <propfirst>! i know its good because he got a cool looking plaque and all   but it sure sounds funny  lol
"so i finally can say that i am thankful for an ex-husband who actually pays his child support on time!! even though its taken 12 years to get  lol, thank you!!"
"wow! licensing out agqin, different person here for the same reason  so glad to see out ta playful ayers money put to work   whats better is she thinks he will probably be back next week   hopefully to close the case   at least my kitchen has been clean for a month now!!!"
"ok, sound vibes and choir friends of hart high  i found mrs starr!! she is in arizona and it looks like <propmale> passed away  i havent talked to her yet because i just now found her so i don't know how long ago he passed"
"so it is official!! lol because my kids said it! i am weird because i am nice!!lol, brodie and austyn have told me that i need to be meaner than i am to people  so look out out  hahahahahaha"
whoohoo!! sorcerers apprentice is out today and i saved to get it  on my was to walmart as soon as my 6 kids get here    movie night tonight!!
could it really be love after all these stops and starts? or is it just the heart remembering? anybody??
"so we are supposed to change our profile pic to a cartoon   i liked the real tv shows   land of the lost, hr puffnstuff,sigmund and the sea monsters , bugaboos\    so thats what your getting  "
i just got a nasty crank text  lol   he said he went to west and when i told him that my 3 sons went to north he then asked me for pics   now he is asking if this is <propmale>   lol oops  wrong number
one of my favorites growing up  i remember it was on sundays at noon and my mom would get so mad that i was watching <propfemale> after church  
anyone else on zoo world have a glitch? its a good one  every time i finish clicking on the hearts they all come back  so i am making a lot of money and  playful 
"ok  techies   i am trying to load a game and its telling me to refresh my browser  i logged off, got off the internet anfd logged back on, still not working  help"
what a great day!
"cousins are the 1st friends of our lives     when you grow up, they are still your friends      re post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!! they may not be a part of your daily life, but they are never far from your thoughts and memories!"
cityville neighbors   i have reached my limit on gifts and getting coins today so you must send me a gift first so i can send you a thank you gift back  
cityville friends   how do i get a white chicken??
happy holidays to all my friends! i am so thankful to have you in my life   even if its just by all of our postings   have a great year!!
movies on christmas <propfemale> is going to be a new tradition!! no one was there and narnia was an awesome movie!!
<propfemale> christmas to all and please dont snow on the grapevine tonight!! i am in <propfemale> and need to get home    
3 surprise 0 and off to lax so boys can go to their dads! so glad that i am in <propfemale> and not bako right now  too early to be getting up
"whoohoo! hate early mornings but cant beat that i am home in bako by 7   no traffic at all to lax  ,boys are on their way and im going back to bed  lol guess i could've worked today   sorry "
i have a few spots left for new years <propfemale>!
last <propmale> at daycare for new years <propfemale>!! i have a few spots left for over night   call me
i have cargo that needs to be unloaded but i have no energy on cityville if anyone needs goods  thanks
someone just posted about tornados in missouri    great!!!!! my boys are there!!!!!!thankfully dad has text me and t was only an f1 where they are   whew!!
"new years <propfemale> was a hit!! % kids spent the night and 2 friends of mine stayed up with me   definitely doing it again next year!! happy new year all my fb friends   it took me this long to recver  lol,"
they say that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long its been or how far away they live & they dont hold grudges they understand that lif is busy  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends i know i have a bunch of them and i am thankful that we can be that way
fog      unlike!!
"i am at basketball game  frontier v north  frontier is ahead by 10 points but the jerk of a coach doesnt think that it is enough   4 <propfemale> left of game calls timeout, to yell at boys saying ridiculous   nice"
"so final score, north lost   but wow   fighting in baksetball??? i thought hockey and football were the exciting games to watch   i need to go to more basketball games   "
yay! finally something to do that the whole family will do   dance central on xbox 360    <propfemale> is beating brodie   he wants a rematch lol
"do any cityville know why i used to be able to gift to 60 neighbors but now i can only gift to 50? so this means if you want a gift you need to gift to me   there is no \its the thought that counts \"" in this game    """
"it just isn't fair that you can anonymously make a complaint about a daycare, about somethings that dont even make sense and then have all the parents end up getting phone calls that they also dont understand   so now i guess i have a rubella and whooping cough outbreak and i allow puking kids at my house   so for all of you with sick kids, call me, i guess my daycare is open for them!!!"
did anyone on cityville get the free cash or coins  i posted on walls and on the cv comments and didnt get anything   how did you get the cash?
"yay!! licensing drama is over!! haha to the mom that wanted me to lose my license!!  when you lie about something as important as someone else's livlihood, they are going to investigate and find the truth  "
now i can only gift to 40 people on cityville? why are we being punished for gifting??? game is starting to annoy me!!!!!
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who    gets it and follows the instructions)  ooooyeahh    smile 
"yesnice!!! boys are out of house,girls are with their dad   i just took a bubble bath with no one knocking on the door   now i am watching a movie   ahhh the joys of silence!!!"
what a short movie!! quiet time is over    
i'm an old sap!! sitting here crying that miley and <propfemale> arent going to be together anymore   kinda makes me miss some friends!!!
"cityville, i have a few mittens and scarves and hats left  if you need them put them on your wish list and i will send them to you"
wow11 it let me gift to 50 people today   so what i will do is alternate both ends of alphabet   today i started at end tomorrow i will start at beginnig   for those lucky in the middle will get a gift every day   
cv>> i need my crops harvested!! please!!
funny little glitch on my city this morning   my ships were traveling on my roads  hahah
can't even put into words my thoughts about <propfirst>'s passing   he was the friend that would do anything he could to help you!! i love you my friend and will miss you greatly   see you on the other side   
"so my daughter and i just watched eclipse  sorry <propfemale>, not impressed    books were soooooo much better   i dont like the acting anymore   "
i have a cutie patootie 9 month old with a cutie for a daddy    i was talking to his mil about what a cute pair they (meaning baby and dad) were  and she replied   we were talking how lke his mother you are   meaning the dads mother   lol
getting 02 sensor changed without 6 kids   heaven! thank goodness for assistants!!! thanks <propfirst>
what are you parents going to do if i ever get a life and start dating????  lol  have fun watching the fight!!
"just finished watching letters to <propfemale>    so look out guys from my past   lol, i am searching for my \lost\"" love     hahahahahaha"""
"totally loving glee tonight!! awesome that the hot bad boy likes the \fat\"" girl"""
had a wonderful day with my smith family! so thankful that even though it has been 10 years since i have spent any time with them that it seemed that no time had passed  except of cour
cv neighbors i only need 3 more valentines from people who have not sent one yet   please
"i have 49 valentnes!! lease <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> could you send me one??? i just need someone who hasnt sent me one yet    thank you"
\no one can make us angry  it is our choice  if we <propfemale> to have a proper spirit with us at all times," we must choose to refrain from becoming angry  i testify that such is possible \"" - president thomas s  monson\"3f26ad14bdf792c15f9e92fd3d200234,last basketball game of season and there is a leak in roof due to rain    how many people can look around to see what to do?
52-42 we are ahead   score keeps going back and forth    5 <propfemale> left of game
"cv    i need jewelry,furniture or music stores please as franchises    "
"oh cityville, oh cityville     isnt it enough that i feel like i must finish the goal right away??? but now you show us top visitors and of course i must be number one!!! arghhhhhh, please i need a cityville anonymous group   i thought farm town was bad     help!!!!!"
does anyone still need valentines cards on cityville?
"\oh what a beautiful morning    oh what a beautiful day!!\"""""
cityville neighbors i need a jewelry store please
"while on facebook, look at your url address; if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account|account settings|account security and click change  check at least the first setting, fb defaults to the non-secure setting  copy and repost"
yay for payday!! but how is it already all gone??
"\start spreading the news    im leaving today     im going to be a part of it\""         """
snow flakes for a second!!!
"36degrees??? in bakersfield? are ya kidding me    ughhhh, its cold!!"
\i have dreamed that your arms are lovely,\3f26ad14bdf792c15f9e92fd3d200234,"this is a sad, sad day     facebook is boring        im annoyed with my game    so i am done    no one is on to chat       hmmmmmmm, 15 more mins then i gotta start the school pick up    hellooooooo"
"is it too familiar to say \i love you\"" \",3f26ad14bdf792c15f9e92fd3d200234,"i was just told that i could get 50,000 for being a surrogate, and if they use my fertile myrtyle eggs i could get more    hmmmmmmm how much did i hate being pregnant?????"
"im a dork   i sent a seal on cityville to someone but i havent completed the goal yet  lol, so now i need a seal!!!  lol"
"shall we dance? \on a bright cloud of music shall we fly? \shall we dance? \shall we then say \goodnight and mean \""goodbye\""? \",3f26ad14bdf792c15f9e92fd3d200234,army wives!!! whoohoo!!!
"the struggles i'm facing, \the chances i'm taking\sometimes might knock me down but\no i'm not breaking\i may not know it\but these are the moments that\i'm going to remember most yeah\just got to keep going\and i, \i got to be strong\just keep pushing on, cause"
"when you're the best of friends\sharing all that you discover\when that moment has past, will that friendship last?\who can say? there's a way!\oh i hope    i hope it never ends\'cause you're the best of friends"
"cv>> is anyone else having trouble hiring workers for factory? it takes my money to start the clock ticking but it says i have run out of requests for this application today   really, it is 6:44 am and i only haave an hour left to hire    ughhh"
"ok   why dont we just not ever buy gas again   first i see a post that says do not buy gas on  march 31  then i see a post for march 13-17  now i see one for march 10th  thats today!! oops, so i already blew it i needed gas for my lawnmower   "
"cv     just clicked on my stupid factory after it wouldnt let me ask for workers, and i still got goods   it was only half of what i should have gotten, but it was something"
 ·´¯`· ´¯`· ¸¸ ·´¯`· ¸prayer wave¸ ·´¯`· ´¯`· ¸¸ ·´¯`·  going out to all those affected in the pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami  keep this going
"who says facebook friends and family aren't real friends? they will start a prayer chain so fast ,they talk to you if you're down, send condolences if you've lost someone you love, give you birthday wishes on your birthday, enjoy seeing you online everyday, enjoy the photos and videos you post  re-post if you love your facebook family and friends  --- i love you all"
"anybody know anything about yahoo messenger for phone? i joined it with facebook so i could chat to my fb friends, but now i can never get off  lol, i uninstalled from computer and phone and yet it is still there   help!!"
"it is my babies 18th birthday today!!!  i dont know how i feel   wow!! taking 5 pizzas to school for lunch for him, thankfully he knows its the little things that matter     i love you <propfirst>!"
"i am going to bed right now, so please dont try to chat with me on facebook   there is some glitch with my yahoo messenger and fb so it will look like i am on here but im not     fb doesnt ever log me off  just message me please if ya want to talk  "
"ok   going to bed for real now    lol,  8 more days then i am floating at sea     whoohoo   thanks to <propfemale> and <propfirst> who will be running my daycare while i am gone   i love that i never have to close    "
"i have posted this before, but i dont think you can ever tell someone you love them or are thankful for them too much     so here it is again     \cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world\"""""
army wives is on   goodnight!!
leaving in 4 days   hope my birth certificate gets here    
"anyone want to go on a cruise this weekend??? friend can't go,boohoo sad  so now we have an extra ticket $250 00 will get you there    "
"ok   anybody want 3 tickets for a cruise tomorrow, march 25, leaving out of long beach, ca tomorrow, going to ensenada and back on monday 28th  tickets are $250 a piece please let me know, can only change names on tickets until 6pm \tonight ca time  661-808-5590   i can take payments  lol"
"thanks <propfemale>, tickets are sold!!!"
who got kicked off american idol tonight
"whoohoo,state line   watch out <propfemale>!"
mesquite  
nothing better than driving with your friends blaring 80s music!!!
"35 degrees in <propfemale> utah!! guess i need to go buy a jacket  lol, not quite as warm as my cruising weather "
my techie friends    is there a way i can use my phones internet to make my laptop work?
we are in moab utah     anyone i know near here?
enjoying my vacation
"is driving thru beaver,ut"
is in cedar city
is driving thru st <propfirst>
bobs big boy!!!!!
"vacation was a blast! so glad to have friends that can change plans quickly, and still be positive!"
why is the first day back from a vacation the worst day ever!!!
"if one of your game playing neighbors makes your day by taking the time to send you a gift, or helps you out, then let them know how much you appreciate them by reposting this! i have a lot of neighbors i have never met, but have enjoyed the interaction here on facebook, and being a small part of their lives  thank you all for making my game playing more fun"
"i make mistakes being a mom, more than i would like to admit, but i'll always be there for you, to hear you, to cheer you, to laugh & cry with you, to protect you with my life, and to love you for eternity with all my heart  no one on this earth will ever love you more than i do, ever! i'm your mom!!"
"wonderful   i am friends on facebook with most of my kids friends, but 2 of my boys have blocked me from their wall and or deleted me from their friends list   really???  sure do hope you dont want those phones or a car anymore!!!! jerks!"
"last daycare kid gone    goodnight, i am closed!! see ya in the am   "
