e677f807e51af4e80e03040d8b9f53ff
oi  if only i could just freeze myself until school starts  death would be an acceptable alternative to waiting 'til monday 
"never fear, i'm not dead  just busy   "
ywha oesda obodyna eakspa igpa atinla?
the winds of change are roaring   
being sick sucks   
"for the longest time i forgot this place existed  sorry i'm ignoring you, friends, it must have been crushing and distressing to not hear from me "
"oh god, i need to change my picture "
there isn't such a thing as sanity  only degrees of madness 
i would have pranked someone if i had an idea 
i really need a new profile picture 
throwback galaxy  'nuff said 
i believe in <propfemale> christ!   chances are you normal people will never get that 
finally got to work out today  midnight screening of toy story 3 later 
haha!!!!! take that virus!!! say goodbye!!!
'fools' tomorrow  hopefully i don't flub a line  wish me luck 
"good news everyone![ professorfarnsworth] i may upload fools to youtube, depending on whether or not we caught the whole thing "
"for everyone i got to work with this last week: thank you so much for everything  <propfirst> and <propmale> were wonderful directors and teachers  i learned so much from you guys  all you actors were all brilliant and i can't imagine anyone else playing our characters anymore  everyone involved were kind, funny, quirky and just plain cool people and i love you all and will miss you terribly  god bless you all, and good luck "
fools will be uploaded in two parts tonight  i apologize in advance for the editing 
"argh   i swore i wouldn't do it, but i guess now i have to get the new metroid  stupidgoodgamesmakingmebrokegrumblegrumble"
rewatched the back to the future trilogy while on vacation last week  part ii is still my all time favorite movie 
new couch!
"we all miss you, <propfirst> lennon  rip and happy birthday "
"playing 21 questions is like a deal with the devil  you can find out what people think of you, but it has the consequence of having to answer stupid and disgusting questions for quite a while for a single answer "
god bless you wolfram <propfemale>   smile 
"\all cowboys are jews?!?\"""""
"went to the 25th anniversary back to the future screening! won the blu-ray in a trivia contest and got a poster \\my life is complete "
happy thanksgiving my friends! i love you all!
i'm going to write a horror story 
"talk to me, friends!"
eagerly waiting for the release of back to the future: the game  hard to believe i'm going to play as the characters from my all time favorite movies 
"bttf episode 1 was amazing  '<propfemale> in there, doc ' 'poor choice of words, <propfirst>!'"
"<propfemale> christmas! god bless us, every one!"
"'<propmale>, where should i put this bomb so that it doesn't hurt anyone we know or care about?'\'out the window, <propfirst>! there's nothing but strangers out there!'"
"haven't been on facebook for a while, i just got on to find all this on my wall! thanks for all the birthday greetings, guys  sorry i didn't have a party or anything, i just wanted to have a smaller celebration with my family this year  you're all great friends, and i hope to see you again soon!"
my health is much-improved lately! i've lost 11 pounds since last year and i've got back most of the essential chemicals i need i've previously lacked 
she was wrong! there were four! four! nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo--
