5741e6ba124242c181690e4027f7c2e9
happy 2010!
has heat in her car now!! yay!
"to work or not to work, that is the question   "
loves halo 
loves bungie   how they make thee happy 
dooodeeedooooo
mean robots suck 
him and i could write a bad romance 
happy holidays!
is angry and hates mother nature!
is making use of her new <propfemale> crocker   i just planned two weeks of dinners!!  thanks <propmale> and <propfemale>!!
brought the new year in with <propmale> bridges   and by that i mean i we went to tron legacy    again 
"hates the world somedays, today is one of those days "
"squareenix, if you go through with this, you can shove it in your ps3 "
dark and light teal
"that was awesome, and just what i needed "
now has windows 7  and the marathon was awesome fun 
"i'm on a boat, i'm on a motherf*ckin boat!"
yay new contacts!
loves the lonely island   there my bros 
last night was awesome fun!
has no idea what to do with herself 
is sad   i'm going to miss that guy 
is sleepy
found a work shirt yay!
is strangely tired    
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comment "
feels like crap 
waaaaaaaaaaaawooooooeeeeee
is off to watch red vs blue yay!!
rice is awesome!
is going to colorado!!!
why is everyones birthday tonight?!
is super sick   great
really hates sickness 
"thanks for all the well wishes, i'm feeling a <propmale> better   yay"
jewelry party tonight woo!!
thinks she has no idea what to think   ideas?
yay *dances*
"i cannot wait til tuesday   after all this time, it will finally be mine!!!"
"creativity where have you gone?  i have the mind for it, just not the drive    *sighs*"
is super excited for midnight    and no sleep tonight!  here i come ff13!
sony i want to know how you feel after tonight when half the world is playing final fantasy 13 on their xbox   just curious 
is loving final fantasy 
is playing parents with <propfirst> for the night   hopefully the kids will learn nothing from us lol
<propfirst> johns here we come!!
has the greatest boyfriend ever 
had a fun night out 
has gone 6 months without smoking 
heartgold i hate you for dragging me back to the world of pokemon   or do i hate <propfirst> for giving me heartgold   
wooo has a day off!!
halo and lady gaga = the best break ever
"is sad, lady gaga has already sold out for her show in kc "
went for a walk with sienna and i feel awesome!
and you thought i'd go down that easy?  little girl you have some lessons to learn!
just wants to find a bike for <propfirst>!
bleh         
is happy to be eating mashed potatoes 
for a change went out last night 
is maybe sleepy 
is lovin' the kick-ass soundtrack
is off to kill the horde 
is catching up on brothers and sisters   i love that show 
loves lightning!!
in less than 24 hours i will be playing halo:reach beta yayayayayayayay!!!!!
is waiting for the halo:reach beta to download   it cannot download fast enough 
yeah its worth playing one game then waiting for an hour or more   too bad <propfirst> and <propfirst> don't agree with me   
"does anyone know someone who wants a <propfemale>?  shes super cute, and really nice!  i need a home for her because im allergic to her, let me know!!"
"is seeing iron man 2, without her dad   not awesome"
<propfirst> that was a great use for captain <propfemale>'s shield   <propmale> will hate you 
is scared of mikes new monitor   it makes me feel small   
yay day off!!
don't let them know that their <propfemale>'s ended 
really hates being sick   blahhh
yay sunday!
in the hospital with mom 
is embarking on the thoughest fight of her life 
"r i p car, you suck"
just saw a shooting <propfemale>   maybe things will take a turn for the better 
why?
"might go to bed, i had a long day and it sounds fun!"
blah blah sleepy time
my car might yet live!!!
yay my car lives!!   thanks <propmale> and my dad!!
just wants to watch microsofts e3 conference!!!
loves muse
woo hahhahah!
the new a-team = awesome
"off to the gym, then the pool!"
way to go <propmale>!! hell yea  usa!
just finished giving jezebel her bath and discovered that 'she' is actually 'he'  4 years later    
loves her new phone
needs to find boxes 
my phone just synced the world together   oh shit 
hates getting sick
does not like the heat   eww
had a night out with the mustache crew   pictures will follow at a later time 
blah to life
happy july fourth!!
"is packing, if anyone wants to join just let me know!~!"
"oak lake was awesome, even though we got eaten alive "
is hoping to be moved in before her birthday 
loves <propfemale> vanilla diet pepsi
really misses herself   if you find me somewhere let me know    ive been lost it seems for a while 
toilet paper wedding dresses = awesome
good job spain!
is soooo tired
just saved sienna from a killer wasp thing   it was huge 
blah you 
is super addicted to red dead redemption 
close to half way through mexico   it's awesome 
all i want for my birthday is gamestop giftcards!!
cleaned up the new house   o can't wait to move in 
has decided she hates moving 
were almost there   
shares a birthday with <propfirst> smith   i love him 
anyone want to help us finish moving tonight?
"is moved   thank god, now just to unpack it all   "
"if your cool enough to steal someones birthday present, then yea your cool enough to go to hell "
"birthday property found, your lucky this time "
is so happy she got to see uncle <propmale>!!
and the power goes out   wtf 
and the power is back   
is off to watch more true blood 
gaga and manson should for sure do more shit together 
even after making a town a ghost town <propfirst> can't can't get the us marshals on him 
must watch new episode of true blood      
this car fiasco needs to be over with 
is tired of everyone failing her  it's time to trust no one 
really wants someone to go shopping with 
why would a gas station not ne open 24 hours   i just really wanted a smoke
"so heres the deal, its the zombie apocolypse and you get to choose the following annoyed one weapon\one person (can be anime, celebrity ect )\one musical artist to listen too for the rest of days\\what do you choose??"
two days til 'vacay'!!
congrats to <propfirst> and <propmale>   thanks for letting me be a part in your special journey!!
is super exhausted 
doesn't wanna go back to work    bleh   
yea that just happened   
mmmm potstickers 
mmmm potstickers   
is stoaked to see apocolyptica tonight!
"if it makes you feel better, i'm having s horrid day "
half way through the day   thank god!
"a latte, sugar cookie and buddha, that makes for a good night "
has been smoke free for 1 year 
11 more hours people!!!!
"first in line bitches, that's how i roll "
"halo: reach, i just want to let you know i love you   and yea you too xbox "
is going to eat dinner 
oh silent hill 
has started making her christmas list   i want to be prepared 
heading to the hospital for moms surgery   wish us luck!
"is ready for bed   i love my snuggle bear, he makes sleepy time so much better "
i am never again joking about working on a sunday   wtf
i love owls 
is going to be batman for halloween 
martinez i love you!!  go skers!
loves it when she finds super sweet stuff her phone can do after 6 months 
breakfast time!!
i don't even know what is happening anymore    chris sounds like a woman and <propfirst> has a british accent    no drugs or liquor are involved 
off to omaha!
is wearing a belt she hasn't fit into scince <propfirst> and her started dating   fuck yea!
has new boots!
today sucks 
"saw paranormal activity last night   i have decided it was a bad idea   the mail man came and put mail in the box, the dogs start barking, and my first reaction is to run into the bedroom screaming   the mail man then knocked on the open door and asked if i was ok   try e playful laining to someone you thought they were a scary demon thing here to haunt you "
is ready for boo at the zoo!!
boo at the zoo was awesome!!
bleh
"keep walking bitch, 3 years ago i would have beat the hell out of you   you thank god i've grown up, and i have a white knight "
that is nebraska football my friends   fuck yea!
pink eye sucks 
"dad you need to move back, i can't get my car fixed without you!"
is making vegetable chowder  tummy!
snow i just wanted to tell you  go fuck yourself!
shopping makes a girl feel better
does not like sickness 
beer and football   yup its sunday
is at the hospital with mom
modern family with <propfirst>   awesome
goodnight world 
"got a nook for christmas, i have the greatest boyfriend ever!!!"
is bleh today
comic world you will be missed   thanks for all great times!
is making cookies 
it's amazing what people ruin without noticing   pups and i are making bad add cookies though 
now i get why i never eat breakfast  it requires you to wake up early
cannot get tron legacy out of her head   it pry doesn't help that i cannot stop listening to the soundtrack   i love you daft punk 
"alright kinect, lets go work out "
"is going to clean and workout, sounds fun right?"
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy, that's no fun!"
sometimes great news breaks your heart 
castle time is the best time!!
was saddened to realize she has been on facebook for at least 5 years    wtf
g'night world 
sorry kids but i'm always going to be a <propfirst>   you can shove your new sign crap 
89 7 is always good for a flashback   oh bloodhound gang 
got a face upgrade 
mmmmm   peach and pineapple chipotle salsa is awesome 
is addicted again to la ink 
pooooo 
"florida you and i have a date in two weeks, hope your ready!"
just made an awesome playlist 
oh itunes 
loves white trash at walmart   they think there so classy 
4 am therapeutic halo is the best kind of halo
"funny story i get a silver commendation for leadership skills on halo, yet no one on my team thinks i know what i'm doing   rage quit "
is counting down til vacay time!
is worried that sienna is sick    
in topeka 
"is making a return trip,through kingdom city   <propfirst> and <propfemale> wickwire better wish me luck "
passing through evansville indiana
"stopping in wichester, ky for the night "
snowing in <propfirst> boone national <propmale> 
85 more <propmale> til high pointe nc 
is ready for this drive to be over
only in south <propfemale> can you drive by two nascar drivers pulled over by state patrol   who wants to wager it was for speeding 
in florida baby!!
finally i'm <propmale>
first full day in florida and it rains   
oh wait its going to be rainy til sunday   guess what day i leave?
just saw the ocean   wow 
is at the kennedy space center 
is eating space food 
"is coming home early, ill be in <propmale> by about 6 "
just landed in omaha   flying gives me anxeity 
you can thank me later from coming home with the nice florida weather 
it's a trap!
jez is dying 
i think jez is dying 
jez passed away this morning 
wants to fall in love with a vampire   they get to have the best romances 
i am not ready for this 
is exhausated 
"karaoke tonight at applebee's, 9'o clock   come see me!!"
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?  i got <propfemale> woodcook, wilhelm stillwell-edler, <propfemale> davenport roark hopper, <propfemale> johnelle focht and <propfirst> wright   i'm not screwed at all   zombie bitches here we come!"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
"<propmale>, why do you have to be the best "
so angry!!
"applebees 8 o'clock karaoke, be there!!!"
"don't forget karaoke tonight at applebees, starting at 8!  happy hour is 9 to close "
i cut my hair 
just watched tangled   yayayayayay!
i think i live with 13 year old boys 
got caught saying she lives with 13 year old boys   damn
"don't always believe what you hear   i liked you until you tried to fuck me over, too bad i'm better than that     just sayin"
is downtown
taking a day off i'd nerding   headed downtown   but i am sad to miss @joshhillers bday party!
my phone re-set itself again   so if you want me to ever talk to you please text me your number with name   thanks 
"wants to go to open harvest, who's with me?!"
"gears of war is releasing there 4th book for the series on my birthday, best present ever! thanks cliffy b, maybe we can be friends again "
out at the dog run
"karaoke tonight at the <propfemale>'s, 8 o'clock!!  come see me!"
i am freaked out and i have a macheti (sp?)
"@therealcliffyb i would for sure love to take a beta code off your hands   \#gearsbeta"
really wants a cigarette   seriously
blahhhh
"karaoke tonight at applebees old cheney!  8pm, come see me!"
is not really tired   but i am addicted to <propfemale> <propfirst>'s new song   i need help 
"mortal kombat time, who's with me?!"
"i wanna love you, \but something's pulling me away from you"
loves sephora   when did i become so girly?
"just wrote for like 25 minuets on tumblr, then deleted it all "
loves her <propfemale> palette from kat <propmale> d!!
"is sad about her palatte, it got shattered all over the floor "
it just hit me that i will be going to thor without dad   i'm never going to make it through captain <propfemale> 
was at first jealous of the fact that <propfirst> t wright's birthday was on <propfemale> wars day   then i realized its just one more affirmation to us dating   i mean my boyfriends birthday is on <propfemale> wars day!!!!   may the fourth be with all you bitches!!
thor was awesome!!
rt @god_damn_batman i don't have a kryptonite  but if i did it would be coconut  hate that crap 
karaoke tonight at 8!  see you at applebees old cheney!!
"come on lightning, don't fail me tonight   by thr way come see me for karaoke!!"
three years and counting!!
helped save someone's life tonight 
vs  please stop mocking me with tampas game last night   thanks
wil: how can you not the aragorn grunge of badassery  me: i like pretty boys 
the tragedy that was magneto and <propmale>'s friendship was epic   you should all see first class 
"covo between my uncle and mike:  remember when they had paper on ice cream cones?\mike:  yea mine had one\ricky: oh, i might have eaten it then   "
what an early morning   
fuck you intetwebs!  you have destroyed my week!!
swimming time!
had some quality girl time   i painted my nails while watching mortal kombat annoyed egacy
loves lady gaga's new video   it's so   normal
going to the dog run for sienna's birthday!!
cannot handle the humane society 
is learning to play guitar thanks to <propmale> horch hillers
have some control over your squirting  - <propmale>
night peep 
hanging at the dialysis picnic with mom 
"karaoke tonight at old cheney, come see me at 8!!"
one hour til me and optimus prime party down!
screw this life and the next 
oak lake was pretty awesome tonight   glad mom got to see it!
"http annoyed  bit ly nmspyz (if darth vader had hair   and a hair-dryer - gizmodo)\\i need this "
sleepy    
feels alright today 
"making dinner, yay!"
so bungie decided to give me a birthday present   august 2nd is the official hand off of the rights to halo from bungie to microsoft  f that
is tired of feeling like this 
is suuuuper bored 
why is true blood so freaking awesome!!
feels slightly sad that she won't be at <propmale> potter tonight   i feel like i'm betraying a part of my childhood   not to mention my slytherin uniform is glaring at me from my closet 
had a great freaking day at the lake   thanks to all who came out   <propmale> hillers thanks for making sienna dooty booty a reality 
"boarded my plane, so radio silence til <propmale>"
just landed and man is the <propmale> mountain range gorgeous
"just finished at devils tower, now heading back to gilette to start our loooooong work day "
best night ever   i freaking love wy 
gilette wy is trying to keep me forever 
on the plus side i get to see the beautiful wy countryside 
has boarded the plane home   i'll see you punks in a few hours!
ok i've been in omaha for 10 minutes and i'm ready to go back to no humidity 
is sooooo sleepy   stupid traveling
has said her final fairwell to <propmale> potter 
never pull out 
off to party!!
this storm is badass!!
loves <propfirst> t wright 
is soooooo tired 
would you like fruit?  no ill take blueberry - wil
i really want a nap 
has landed in <propmale>!
wants to be at #halofest
whisky river your not ready for nebraska girls   sincerely j
watching <propmale> cook with smarci!
is enjoying her wine tour!
the grand mesa was phenomenal!
headed to <propmale> to catch my flight!
i am going to miss the view here 
it always breaks my heart to sat goodbye to the rockies 
karaoke tonight at the old cheney applebees!  come see me!
there is a squirrel party going on in the tree in front of our house 
has a weekend off with no idea what to do with herself 
10 years ago i was home from school and watching tv when the planes hit   i remember being terrified yet glued to the tv   #wherewereyou
what's up kansas city!
"alright so were lost at the missouri ocean, i mean river "
@therealcliffyb12 surprise 4 and we have gears!!
"it's hard to e playful lain to someone who has no clue  it's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside  please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (ptsd, anxiety, bipolar, depression, diabetes, lupus, fibromyalgia, ms, me, arthritis lupus, cancer, heart disease, epilepsy, autism,m d  etc ) \ never judge what you don't know or feel\"""""
"two important things have happened this week   i almost hit <propmale> pelini with my car, and then ate dinner and had <propmale> mean mug me the whole time"
less than 12 hours til i'm on the road 
going to estes park and the <propmale> hotel!!!
is at the <propmale> hotel!!!!
a blizzard is just what i asked for   not 
"i hide on obscure building, you've probably never seen them   like the capitol   - <propfemale> batman"
is super excited for mw3 
in line for mw3   too many bros to count!
this christmas music crap needs to stop 
i listen to kanye for daft punk 
