b94678b923019f626474c9752af48183
vegas living prices r amazing!
headed back home soon  going to miss the fam  sad 
work   ughhhh lol
is off to a place called work    
baking cookies   the best ever!! lol
kiss me thru the phone!!! lol hahaha
another day down   3 days to go  smile   ohh the anticipation   
hey hey  good to see u too   i'm sooo stoked for monday  smile 
legit 
lol i have pressing business to take care of at the moment  i'm fantastic otherwise
"early to bed, early to rise  or something like that  "
off to work  smile 
ugghhhhh f that!!!!
must sleep    
can't sleep  sad 
ughhh no sleep  going to work
check out the rake's song by the decemberists  smile  good stuff
i want a slinky  smile 
yay!! last day tomorrow  smile  stoked
going to try to sleep
shyforshy is the best band <propfemale>!! lol  smile 
just got home  ughhh sooo need this summer break  smile 
who wants to go see shyforshy on the 7th with me?? let me know  smile 
had a lovely morning  can't wait to see him later  smile 
loving silverchair  smile  neon ballroom  check it
ahhhhhhh   summer days   summer nights  smile 
"wow, still can't believe <propfirst> <propmale> is dead  crazy"
wow  i need to do something   
just getting done with work  maybe i should sleep now   
       whateva
oh yeah more work  i thought i was on vacation lol
more work today  wtf
finally some down time  and i don't know what to do lol
ughhh time to sleep
oh yeah shyforshy tuesday the 7th at studio 7  i'm so there  smile 
more shit to do   whateva
love my life  smile 
family  gotta love them  period   smile 
ahhhh  home  smile 
shyforshy on tuesday in seattle; studio 7 @ 7  smile 
shyforshy tonight!!!  smile 
"shyforshy was amazing! of course  ,  smile "
lovin' it  smile 
wow   damn   lol
can't wait to see my lover!! lmao
this weekend is going to be amazing!  smile 
<propmale> was hilarious!
no sleep  ugh lets do this   smile 
wow  i'm exhausted
"tri-cities tomorrow, be gone for a week  smile "
"change of plans, headed the tri cities now lol"
love the fam  smile 
on my way home finally  smile 
pike street market  smile 
had an amazing time yesterday  i'm ready to have another amazing day  smile 
reading a new book  strange son by <propfemale> iversen  smile  check it out
has found the love love of my life! lol  smile 
"cleaning, cleaning, and more cleaning  yay lol"
going to <propfemale> with the friend  smile 
the beach was fun  smile 
miss my bestie  sad 
can't sleep   arghhhhh :[
still awake   grrrrrr
lovin my life  smile 
going for a looooong run  maybe i will come back lol
back from the run  now i really need a shower lol
just finished strange son by <propfemale> iversen  amazing book!!! a must read for sure  smile 
going to vegas in august  it's decided  smile 
love it  smile 
sin city here i come! hehe  smile 
i picked the wrong time to quit smoking  dammit =[
couldn't sleep so i ran  and still can't sleep  i give up at this point lol  bring on the day
going to the lake  it's too hot!
exhaustion is setting in   sleep will come tonight  smile 
it's almost like i never left the tri-cities  sooo hot out lol
"i wish i was in the tri-cities, everyone there has ac!"
too hot  going for a night swim  smile 
 smile 
"so hot, this is my kind of weather lol, can't wait to see jewels tonight  smile "
going shopping  smile 
meh  smile 
"went to the market in down town renton today, bought some fresh mint and a beautiful bouquet of flowers  smile "
"oh wow,,shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the love of my life lmao"
tri-cities  i can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> pido <propmale> cielo sólo <propfemale> deseo que en tus ojos yo pueda vivir he recorrido ya el m<propfemale>do entero y <propfemale>a cosa te vengo a decir viajé de bahrein hasta beirut fuí desde el norte hasta el polo sur y no encontré ojos así como los que tienes tú rabboussamai fikarrajaii fi ainaiha ar<propmale>hayati ati ilaika <propfemale> haza lkaao<propfemale>i arjouka labbi labbi nidai viaje de bahrein hasta beirut fuí desde el norte hasta el polo sur y no encontré o
and i'll never give myself to another the way i gave it to you don't even recognize the ways you hurt me do you? it's gonna take a miracle to bring me back and you're the one to blame     
"it hurts, but i need to leave it behind and reach for something new"
wedding on saturday  smile  can't wait to see the whole fam!
love it  smile 
"grrrrrr,,,,  smile "
"love the fam, miss them  jewels i will see u soon!!!  smile "
sleep is for punks lmao
time       
ohh those summer nights  wink 
see you later  smile  lol
whatever  it's decided    
ughhh pinced nerves suck =[
today is going to be a good day  smile 
going running with aj  peace out  smile 
exhausted lol
ready for the day
facebook  my new obsession lol
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick ughhh =[
just finishing season 1 of the tudors   love it!  smile 
words cannot e playful lain how ridiculously happy i am right now!  smile 
sir <propfirst> more  where is ur utopia? i'm just saying   grrrr  
i miss work  
???? ????? ????? ?? ???? ???? ????? ??
love ace ventura  hahaha   reheheheallyyyyyy  
baller status  smile 
love my life   i'm just saying    smile 
<propfemale> hills:90210  season 1 old school  wow
i want a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries  for free!!! hahaha
to be a couple u must first be an individual
"say what you mean, and mean what you say "
"my antonio  newest guilty pleasure, hahaha"
every now and then you need to let yourself break down just a bit so you can rearrange all the pieces in a new way 
"thnx jewels, for the disgusting flu  i will make sure to return the favor at some point   ughhhhh"
damn  it's like that  ok 
"to do our best' means that at all times in our everyday life we should probe our minds so that we don't feel guilty about our mistakes, even though others don't know about them  if we do that, we are truly doing our best "
ready   set   go  game on! lmao
"when you ride in a boat and watch the shore, you might assume that the shore is moving  but when you keep your eyes closely on the boat, you can see that the boat moves  similarly, if you examine myriad things with a confused body and mind you might suppose that your mind and nature are permanent  when you practice intimately and return to where you are, it will be clear that nothing at all has unchanging self "
"watching <propfemale> wars episode iii: revenge of the sith, it never gets old! if you disagree i will use my jedi mind tricks on u! lol"
do not speak- unless it improves on silence 
"the beauty of life is, while we cannot undo what is done, we can see it, understand it, learn from it and change  so that every new moment is spent not in regret, guilt, fear or anger, but in wisdom, understanding and love "
how many times does one have to prove themselves until they give up? hmmm   
"do not go gentle into that good night,  old age should burn and rave at close of day;  rage, rage against the dying of the light "
whether you think you can or can't; you're right either way 
omg! can't wait for friday!!! jewels it's gonna be pretty sweet lol  smile 
oh the rain  
"talbot hill  hmmm very interesting  they sang songs, had recess and amazingly no one tried to pull my hair or bite me   strange new world lol"
"get the shyforshy cd out on september 15 th on i tunes, do it!!!!"
"crazy aunt  every family has one, u know who u r!"
"oh wow, craziness jewels lol"
jewels is weird   lmao
"ughh, crazy  i need some starbucks   stat!"
my family is better than ur family! straight up
"feeling good, doing what i need to do  and what!!  smile "
"blah, blah, blah   super lame "
my uncle is obsessed with facebook   u know who u r! lol
really real     smile 
i got this!
i passed!!! ballin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"wow, lol"
straight up sick homie =[
"jewels, miss u  really real   "
i still love <propfirst> jordan  we all have our moments 
oops lol
kanye west is an ass! wow
<propfirst> swayze passed away =[ saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
"buy shyforshy's cd so in time now on itunes, and be amazed!!!! do it!!!!"
"congrats on an amazing cd <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale> and sten  go buy shyforshy's cd so in time on i tunes right now and be prepared to have ur socks rocked all the way off   smile "
"i fell asleep listening to shyforshy's new cd so in time, go purchase that ish on i tunes now! the freshest cd ever  word "
"did my jog listening to shyforshy's new cd so in time, purchase on i tunes immediately for $9 99, then give urself a <propfirst> on the back  smile "
"shyforshy  so in time  i tunes , get it now punk! i will use excessive force if needed"
ohhhhhh snap i'm frickin exhausted! hahaha sleep time
hmmm  how did that happen? confuse me   
all tired   grrr   
bedtime  smile 
sick =[
who else got hacked? lol
my account was hacked 
facebook is pissing me off    
ughh sooo not feeling good  sad 
realization #1: who ever said life is tough was a pussy   i'm just saying 
blah   
really real  it's decided 
i love that my aunt and uncle are now fans of shyforshy   oh yeah! lol
"love him, it's decided  smile "
"i have 63 facebook friends, why are only 7 of them fans of shyforshy? check yo self!!!"
"thanks to all my friends who became fans of shyforshy, and for those of u whom have not  shame on u!!! hahaha"
the pixies  oh man!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha i heart u <propmale>
"weekend fun, the lover will be here soon then going to the hotel to get ridiculous; salmon days tomorrow  love my family  smile "
"decirle que me aman, <propfemale> saber que lo hago mejor"
blah  jewels get ur ass over here  right now!!!! there is a bottle of <propfemale> that has our name on it!
"salmon days was fun with the family, tired now!"
"i have a family who loves me, what more do i need?"
betting ur friends that u can do 10 jagerbombs back to back is not the best idea    lol
goodbye horses   woooo hoooo   
zombieland= hilarious!!!
ignorance is bliss  too bad i'm not ignorant    
wow  confusion   grrrr      
hmmm  yeah that's what i meant   it's decided
"when angry, count to four; when very angry, swear -<propfirst> twain"
being sick is the lamest ever   
yo lo amo y él me ama
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiicccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkk =[
the times they are a-changing   
soooo ready for the weekend  smile 
"paranormal activity tonight,,,can't wait! i love horror films!"
hmmmm    very interesting   
oh boy    oh boy lol
just bought beavis and butthead volume 1 the <propfirst> judge collection   butt munch 
feel soooo sick   i hope it's not the flu  but def feel like i need to puke =[
super troopers  the most hilarious opening scene ever!!! hahahaha
good night facebook world  joyful 
"facebook e playful eriment - if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you are finished, post this paragragh on your own    status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you!"
i now want to read the giver again  thanks ried! lol
i hefasrt amazon com found the giver for $2 32  smile 
just got home  time for bed ughhh
"off to work  tri cities tomorrow,,, 2 more days  "
work work work   lame lol  i  need a vacation  i'm going to vegas hahaha
"finally home, grandpa's b day party was fun, 100 or so of my close relatives lol"
love my life  smile 
job interview today   ohhh man lol
yay new job!  smile 
"facebook e playful eriment - if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me & you that pops into your head  when you are finished, post this paragragh on your own status  you'll be suprised what people remember about you "
"wow, lovessssssssssssssss it  smile "
jewels just licked my arm    i dont know how to feel about that lol  weird
"my grandpa was diagnosed with cancer and it has spread every where, losing him and i don't know how to handle it =["
"tell ur family everyday how much u love them, u never know when they will be gone  it could be tomorrow   i love all of my family"
"finally made it home, i'm sooooo exhausted, headed to work tomorrow  i also start the new job wish me luck  smile "
car accidents r awful  so r the anxiety attacks that follow 
snap 
"friday the 13th, people r xtra crazy today lol"
"driving to seattle   ohhhh snap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao, who wants to come? text it "
"renton high school was interesting   off to lindbergh tomorrow, can't wait!"
"thanksgiving, t c here i come! can't wait "
"operation what cha know about that under way, share that mutha fucka  muahahahaha"
converse com  u can make ur own customizes shoes  the best of my life!!!!
2 job interviews coming up   snaaaaap lol
there needs to be a farkle support group for people who are addicted   i'm not going to name any names  u know who u r!!!!
fml
it's decided
if ur praying for snow we r no longer friends  u know who u r!! lol
oh and i'm feeling  directionless yes  but that's to be e playful ected  and i know that best  and in creeps the morning  and another day's lost  you've just written wondering  and i reply fast  all you need to save me  call
lame 
"looking at apartments today, oh joy lol      let's see how this goes "
so ready for tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! let's roll bitches!!! lol
buttons and yo yo's lmao!!!!!!!!
i'm 99% sure that i love my life  the other 1% knows who they r and why i hate them 
i'm about to take the key and put it in the ignition  hahaha
that's how i roll ese!! lol
hmmmm   that's odd 
oh wow
friday 
"normally i don't feel this way but, i hate video games as of now!!!!!!"
love  smile 
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, colita de <propfemale>; si no <propfemale>s hoy, <propfemale>rás mañana "
life is hard right now  sad 
<propfemale> xmas  love u too  smile 
f-ing cold     ewww
moral of the story is ur on ur own 
"gorget seattle, i'm moving to vegas!!! lol"
"love my nook, much better than the pandigital novel: )"
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyways 
<propfemale> <propfemale> a la vez dios mio es lo que pido de ti dame la fuerza para vivir <propfemale> <propfemale> a la vez ayer ya paso dios mio mañana quisas no vendra ayudame hoy yo quiero vivir <propfemale> <propfemale> a la vez   i love this song!
about to be out  smile 
ewwww the smell of food and tea is making me queasy lol
sinners have soul too
man people straight suck balls today  just saying 
casino was good won 30 playing 1 cent machines lol
"i hate 3 day weeekends, our kids come back acting ridiculous!! lol"
aj is making fried fries with cayanne pepper and garlic  this kid learned to cook! lol
sooo i pretty much broke my toe   lame 
good nght
can't wait!  smile 
él ama el modo que muevo mis caderas
loving the day 
let's go saints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
alright saints!!! woohoo
hahahaha loves it  smile 
it's a satchel 
"tigers love pepper, they hate cinnamon"
love my life  smile 
"if you and i woke up in jail together    using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair)"
"sticks and stones may break my bones, but i will kick you repeatedly in the balls!"
words are flying out like  endless rain into a paper cup  they slither while they pass  they slip away across the universe  pools of sorrow waves of joy  are drifting thorough my open mind  possessing and caressing me
yup a virus 
there is a jungle cat in the bathroom
movie saturday  i'm so excited!  smile   smile 
wow   son of a bitch lol
"love all my family, the best bbq ever!"
"\doppelgänger week\"" on facebook  change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble  and repost this  mine is <propfemale> from my girl lol"""
on the prowl   grrr    lmao
"i heart paramore's song hallelujah, the accoustic version  smile "
finally saw the machinist   soooo weird
trabajo manana
sickness   ew
"i will try to not be crazy, but dammit people piss me off!!! lol"
"here's the info for the judge judge  <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> county superior court, 1016 n  4th  ave  pasco,wa  99301"
going for a drive  grrrr   
in desperate need of coffee    stat!!!!!
waiting    boo  it's decided
that's right bitches   lol
"friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings "
"it's 9:52 pm, do you know where your pants are?"
"i miss him, can't wait for tomorrow!!!"
"i just applied for college, yay!"
stupid virus on the book
"today was a long ass day  thankfully no one was injured, but i'm ready for a nap! lol"
 smile 
you best be wearing ur green peeps  
grrr   
"today's mexican word of the day is ambition: \my  vieja is always griping ambition at me \"""""
break dancing   holla!!!!!!
"wtf, why is everyone going to vegas? i got to get down there with my wolf pack   "
sleeeeeeepy    time for a nap 
ooohhhhh snapssssss< fuse
time for bed people  night <propmale> lmao
"behind the music new edition   awesome lol, who knew they were smoking pot!!!!"
"wait i think it's behind the music <propfirst> brown, even better lmao"
everyone needs believe in something  i believe i'll have another beer 
jealousy is not cute esa
"april is autism awareness month, do ur part peeps  smile "
"it's sister week! if you  are as lucky as i am and have a freakin awesome sister who makes your  life interesting, upbeat, memorable, chummy, crazy, emotional, wacky and  fun, is a blessing in your life, and generally makes life worth living  just by being around, copy and paste this"
bed time
time for a nap  ews
can't believe i'm awake   lol
"<propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propmale> r all goblins!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i heart it  smile 
time to hunt for huevos!!! lol
bed time
nevermind    can't sleep  annoyed 
ohhh boy  
feel sooooo sick  ews
oops
i heart <propfirst> thicke  as of now  smile 
sick of people  whatever
tri cities tomorrow  need to get the f out of renton    
south park is hilarious!!!!! i better not get sucked into facebook!!! lmao
i had the worse dream ever  sad 
<propfirst> airlines i will piss in the aisle before i pay to use ur restroom
i only have tourettes when i'm around dumbasses   oh there it goes  
"tri cities   nuff said lol, good night"
does anyone have a sprint phone they no longer use?? grrr f ing sprint   if u have one call me  no texting please i cant f ing text  so set off
i feel physically ill ew
"today's mexican word of the day is wooden  chair: \my primo had an ice chest full of beer but he wooden chair \"""""
my heart hurts  sad 
tired     blah
my blackberry friends please add me on ur messengers i got a new phone 31da27bc
played bubbles with my nephews outsidezl now making dinner
back home tomorrow
while passing by a restaurant my 4 year informed me and his mother that he wants a job there lol
i feel like i can do anything!
why r pepole so damn rude?
back to work  smile 
woah i already hit a wall at work lol
where is my <propmale> when i need a good joke?
need sleep but have to do my taxes and exercise and do laundry tonight    fml
    that's what she said    bahaha
working out  then more laundry    ew  come do my laundry <propmale> lol
u think u know someone  then they go and prove u wrong  yup fuck u 
i'm so ridiculously disgruntled today grrr
"mesero, sírvele a todas por favor pues quiero, que brinden en mi  honor   voy a olvidar mi posición de ser mujer ésta ocasión voy a  ahogar todas mis penas en licór  y la mujer igual que yo, <propfemale>  mentiroso la engañó, alcen sus copas y olvidemos el dolor    y  duele, ay! por dios como me duele  ver caerse la ilusión que  alimentaba nuestro amor por culpa de tus mentiras"
finally got the taxes done   i was a bit late this year lol
tired still grrr
"so when i woke up this morning i had a heart shaped bruise, wtf lol"
"i just got stopped in the hallway at renton high by one of the security guards, he thought i was a student wandering around during class lol   makes me feel young again"
almost time to go home  smile 
"now you ask, how u been, r u left wearing thin? have u noticed that i still need u? never wanted to go how could i ever show u the way that i wanna be? say the word, say the word, say the word    can't wait for friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"can't fucking sleep now,,,whatever"
its going to be a long ass night  sad 
"i have been sitting in front of the heater on my desk for an hour and i'm still freezing, damn poor circulation! my legs hurt too grrr"
my stomach+salad=pain    fml
he mr  cruise why r u packing fudge? lmao i love south park!!!!
u only turn 27 once esa!!!! let's roll bitches!!!!!! muahahaha
"gizone, work tomorrow    grrrs"
"hangovers suck balls, its decided"
i need a coffee enema or 10 hours of sleep
"dear <propmale>, grrrr  wink  sincerely, savina"
a special <propmale> girl wearing a shirt with a cloud on it that says i make it rain is the funniest shit ever lmao
shyforshy was amazing   duh
happy b day juanita   r i p 1981-2002
"today's mexican word of the day is sideway:  \i don't know what happened between mosca and creeper but i'm not taking   anyone's sideway \"""""
"love  him or hate him , he sure hits the nail on the head with this! <propmale> gates  recently gave a speech at a high school about 11 things they did not  and will not learn in school  he talks about how feel-good, politically  correct teachings created a generation of kids with no concept of  reality and how this concept set them up for failure in the real world "
"i\m trying!!!!! grrrrrr>>>>>>> fffffff"""
do u feel like this at all? could u make it up for me? and while ur at it could u tell me u care so i can hear from the start would u please?  lovessssss it!  smile 
errands done>>>time to clean now   
too hot to cook or eat hot warm food  it's a grapes and popsicle dinner night lol
another mystery bruise this morning   hmmm maybe i'm in a fight club lol
r severe headaches on an almost daily basis normal?
"today's mexican word of the day is sabre: \my little sister almost got ran over by a car today  she was lucky that mosca was there to sabre \"""""
i need a cold shower and sleep lol
"mariners game tomorrow, first one ever  smile "
today had been an amazing day so far!  smile 
play ball!!! so fun!
"no thank u hot chocolate vendor, i don't want a 5 dollar drink lol"
"i almost got hit in the head with a baseball, damn orioles lol"
mariners win it!
"today's mexican word of the day is chiclets:  \i wish my ruca was more like payaso's  his chiclets him do whatever he  wants \"""""
"today's mexican word of the day is letter  opener: \my sister-in-law saw me at the club last night with another  chick  letter opener mouth and see what happens \"""""
i missed the rain  smile  i'm hoping for a thunderstorm lol
 smile 
sometimes i look at some peope and say  ews
this guy named <propfirst> hernandez wrote a song about me and it goes like this   la mas bonitas de todas   lmao
having a drink with <propfemale> and angel  smile 
hi angel lol
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
 smile   smile 
"i love mÿ bed so much, i think i'm going to marry it "
love my life  and 98 percent of the people in it lol
i miss being a fan of things   damn u facebook!!
"old renton book exchange is awesome, go there, downtown renton on wells"
at nayas first fastpitch game  smile 
"when u hurt someone u love, u don't have the right to get mad at them if they r not ready to talk to u   u made ur mistakes now live with them "
what an amazing night  smile 
time to get ready to go to work
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile and she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit  real women keep this going!"
bored  text it people  206 393 7540
"<propmale>, were going to dicks tonight, <propfemale> u in? lol"
home from work   easy and fun day
watching super size me  ews  i never want to see fast food again 
another headache today  sad 
"today's mexican word of the day is laser: \shygirl is gonna fight flaca later on today at the park  i hope shygirl laser ass out \"""""
seattle today
"the more things change, the more things stay the same"
so my cousin dragged me to the gun range     love it!!!!!!!!!!
i don't mean to be rude but r u guys from iran?? bahahaha
i love being right lmao
"i need benadryl, my eyes r burning and watering, and my nose is stuffed   no sleep= bad day tomorrow grrr   *_*"
why
"still up, someone is not going to be a happy camper tomorrow"
why
who needs sleep??
headaches  blah
"bed time, for sure "
feels like i haven't slept  lame
work was brutal     time for bed?? lol
if i came with a warning label what would it say? (copy and paste as your status and see how many warnings you get )
all work and no play makes savina a dull girl   just saying 
"dear facebook,  just because i went to school with someone doesn't mean i want to add them as a friend  so please; no more suggestions   just saying  savina"
feelin thugged out  keep yo head up
"today's mexican word of the day is real estate: \we're gonna have to put an extra <propfemale> on our flag if puerto <propmale> becomes a real estate"""
"today's mexican word of the day is daycare: \the lawmakers in arizona are a bunch of culeros  i don't think daycare about our feelings very much \"""""
tired 
shuffle up and deal!!!
bowling!!!!!
movies tonight    smile 
food inc=amazing!
swollen tonsils  never good  sad  i need popsicles stat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"selling beer at the mariners game, come down and say hi"
"done with work at the game, mariners lost, headed home to do some work now   "
i slept like 11 hors last night lol
i slept like 11 hours last night lol
woohoo break time!  smile 
the will of god will never take you where the grace of god will not protect you
"depression is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support good people  i copy and pasted, will you"
woohoo mariners tonight!!! just got to get thro this day lol
rip daddy happy b day
go mariners!
"headed home, then working   "
"thunder only happens when it's rainingplayers only love you when they're playingthey say, women, they will come and they will gowhen the rain washes you clean, you'll knowyou'll know    gotta love fleetwood <propmale>"
"a little historia,cinco de mayo is a mexican holiday which celebrates the victory over french forces on may 5, 1862 at the battle of puebla  it is often mistakenly thought to be mexico’s independence day, which is actually september 16  more of an emotional victory than a military one, to mexicans the battle of puebla represents mexican resolve and bravery in the face of an overwhelming foe  <propfemale> la raza!"
to the gun range!! i swear sir i have no blood in my alcohol
gun range was amazing yet again  smile 
time to sleep
work      
its going to be a looooong day!!!
day is finally over! yay!
"the doctor told me that guys have periods too lol, i knew it!!!!!"
love u like a fat kid loves cake  smile 
vinos in renton has the best food and service i have ever had! lol
"beer and karaoke, the best invention known to mankind lol"
alki and pikes today  smile 
had an amazing day with megrizza and juju lol
"at the mariners game, serving beer on the 300 level stop by and say hi  smile "
mariners win it!!!!
time for bed
"manic monday, bring it on"
"lunch time, eh i need a nap!"
but i'm a cheerleader is a hilarious movie!! loves it
had a beer now off to bed  smile 
soooo   i'm still awake   wtf
"today's mexican word of the day is soldier: \man vato! i can't believe you soldier chevy for so little"""
"dear facebook friends,\do any of u have some sleep i can borrow? i will return it when i'm finished  that is all  thanks\savina"
exhaustion is a son of a bitch
"dear creepy bus riding guy,\please stop trying to make conversation with me, thanks \ps\can u also stop looking down my shirt    \savina"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear  while you humiliate, offend & insult her, there's a man flirting with her & reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her!! post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
the birdcage=comedy at its finest!
"if you're brave, copy this into your statusand see what people rate you: (1) crazy; (2) wish we went out; (3) talkative; (4) sarcastic; (5) loveable; (6) sexy; (7) strong; ( smile  dumb; (9) spoiled; (10) mouthy; (11) wild; (12) goofy; (13) funny; (14) awesome; (15) amazing; (16) beautiful; (17) cute; (1 smile  drama <propfemale>; (19)   best friend; (20) want to get to know you better "
i really am going to sleep early tonight lol
i slept 12 hours last night   i needed it  i feel better today
"today's mexican word of the day is disorder: \i'll catch up with you vatos later  i'm waiting on disorder to arrive by ups'"""
slèepy time
pineapple chicken! that's for u <propfemale> lol
\these violent delights have violent ends\,b94678b923019f626474c9752af48183,"to da gym peeps, get at me later  thugged out  smile "
"done with gym  smile  \feeling great!"
alki at night is the shit lmao
"tacoma cops r hot,,,just saying    *_*"
going to the gym 
done with gym *_*
waiting   pshh not anymore  i'm out!
gym again today
done at the gym  smile 
love my life  smile 
my mind is telling me to sleep right now!
its going to be a great night   can't wait!  smile 
"if 2 wrongs don't make it right,does 2 rights make a wrong? just saying   "
work is kicking my ass   i need to go to the gym to release some tension  for realz
"today's mexican word of the day is crisis: my dad was tough on me and my brothers when we were kids  he would tell us \whichever one of you crisis a little girl!\"""""
naya be thinkin she knows shit! lol
"off to work, its gonna be a good day ^-^"
"today's mexican word of the day is baylor: \mosca's sister was arrested last night for beating up her boyfriend  now he has to go baylor out of jail \"""""
going to da gym!!!!!!
done at the gy heading home to sleep now lol
good night  smile 
caffeine better kick in soon or i'm in trouble lol
grrr  long day  gym later
2 and 3 year old autistic kids r the cutest kids on earth    its decided  smile 
 smile   smile 
"today's mexican word of the day is hitachi: my abuelo is not allowed in the strip club anymore  according to him its because \hitachi the girls too much \"""""
headache won't go away   lame
"obsessively, and compulsivly organizing  leave a message  i will back to u as soon as i can  \ps  don't hold ur breath"
headache is back   lame
i want a starbucks caramel frapp right now!!!!!!!!
"comedy show tonight in bellevue with my gob, let's roll  joyful "
had fun at the parlor in bellevue last night  joyful 
"today's mexican word of the day is ascot: \the last time i drank too much <propfemale> my ascot thrown in jail!"""
casino time!  smile 
"woohoo paid 5 dollars at the casino, taking home 170 dollars   ballin!!!!"
at hospital with <propfemale>    
"work, ewz"
jewels is a soup monster lmao
 smile 
"today's mexican word of the day is distilled: \some vatos broke into my house today and distilled my tv and my playstation 3"""
blah   feel so sick 
"ugh, want to stay in bed   don't feel good at all!!!"
"today's mexican word of the day is ciabatta\roll: \i sent my daughter into the store to buy some toilet paper and\",b94678b923019f626474c9752af48183,<propfemale> is online on <propfemale> <propfemale> hahahahaha!!
"burned my left hand, ouch  sad "
"dear coffee lady,\why is a grande drip coffee a dollar sixty nine, but an iced grande drip coffee three forty one  ur wrong coffee lady  that is all \p s  don't e playful ect any further business from me "
"today's mexican word of the day is antiques: \we wanted to keep the stray dog that came into our yard but it had too many fleas antiques \"""""
exhaustion is taking over   
wowssss!!!! lol
friday!!!!!
"today's mexican word of the day is tennessee: \our boss has the tennessee to yell at us when we drink beer on our lunch break \"""""
oh boy
the movie <propfemale> is the shit! lol
"today's mexican word of the day is u s  mail: \damn vato! you need to go take a bath because u s  mail like chit!\"""""
seattle  love it!  smile 
headed izzoutz   ha
in puyallup    whyzzz lmao
no more vodka and redbull lmao
"woah, morning after lol"
blooming onion!!!!!
la casino!
"again great night at the casino, spend 5 and got up to 250 at some point, leaving with 100  nice lol, <propfemale> machines  smile "
"rip grandpa, i'm so proud of u for serving our country  ww 2, military police  love ya"
blah blah blah
back to work yay!  smile 
farmers market in renton  smile 
"the best crepe ever! chicken, mushrooms, asparagus, mozarella and beshemel sauce  yum!!!"
"today's mexican word of the day is seizure: \that skirt you are wearing is too short  we can all seizure nalgas when you bend over!\"""""
           
so sick
my throat is killing me!!!
"today's mexican word of the day is senior: \we senior old lady at the club last night dancing with another vato \"""""
common ground in downtown renton is awesome!  smile 
tommys cafe is awful!!!
i wantz a pink drink!
zoo time  smile 
what an amazing day  smile 
sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing through my open ears exciting and inviting me limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns it calls me on and on across the universe
what happened to the sun?
"relaxed, the day has been great so far  smile "
happy monday   love ya  wink 
zoo back to back tuesday and wednesday with 3 and 4 year old autistic kids  might not be alive come thursday lol
"today's mexican word of the day is letterhead: \mosca's sister wants to beat me up for talking about her on facebook  letterhead over here and see what happens  i have a restraining order against her!\"""""
"another amazing day, had thai food instead of cheap chinese  wink "
it just keeps getting better!
i would like to meet and thank the inventor of the stroller  the field trip would have been crazy without it lol
"today's mexican word of the day is sinus: \they were asking for volunteers to sell beer at the fiesta so i went ahead and sinus up \"""""
"off to work, zoo day again     "
ah  coffee
this fever that just appeared out of no where is kicking my ass   whyz
can't sleep  sad    waaaay too sick
fml  sad 
i want to quit being this sick 
<propfemale> had her baby at 3 09 this morning  <propmale> <propfirst> castillo bills
i'm pretty sure i'm going to be sick forever
some people suck
still feel like crap  lame   i want some nyquil so i can sleep
urgent care????
no sleep   
finally able to keep food down since sunday yay
 annoyed 
it hurts when i breathe  sad 
"south park:bigger longer and uncut, classic!"
working  smile 
"going stir crazy lol, someone text or call me!"
what to do when um done at work     hmmmmm the possibilities
time to get some painting done
kobe <propmale> makes me miss <propfirst> <propfirst>
"love, love, love my life!!!!!!!!!!!"
its going to be an amazing day   smile 
"18 years ago a child was born, then a lot of crap occured but either way he's graduating today! congrats <propmale>! its pretty freakin sweet"
headed to the gym
exhausted!!!!
"long day, but it was a good one, everything just feels right  smile "
"today's\ mexican word of the day is testified: \i would've passed the sobriety \",b94678b923019f626474c9752af48183,jarritos  smile 
"mmmm elote con crema, queso y chile  smile "
people who r bitter and spiteful r pure entertainment for me  smile 
the times they are a' changing     
fun at joshs grad party  smile 
headed to la casino  smile 
getting ready for work
gotta make this money  smile 
"long day at work, i smelled like beer and had to shower again  the bed is calling my name and i'm listening     "
"happy monday, what an amazing weekend  smile "
we all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same 
at the rez  smile 
love  smile 
amazing night  wink 
game day=work day
"dead tired, yay mariners  night"
work again   so tired!!! lol
i want a blue <propfemale> with a slice of orange  smile 
hey blackberry friends send me ur pin number and i will add u
31da27bc
sleepy *_*
home made strawberry lemonade  in yo face red <propfirst>!!!!!!! muahahaha
going to see a movie and then just chill  smile 
bed time
i have $24 09 in change wtf lol
1 chai tea latte+1 mini chocolate peppermint cupcake= 1 happy lady  smile 
"omg! eclipse is almost here!!! i got my tickets, who else got theirs?"
"if you have a wonderful man, who works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, who makes you laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with you, will always pick you up when you're down, who is your world and someone that you're thankful for, then post this to your status, and give the good men the recognition they deserve, because great men are few and far between, and i have one! ?"
eclipse!!!!!! lol yup that just happened
thankful that i am so blessed  smile 
having so much fun!  smile 
drinking my blue <propfemale> with an orange slice  smile  yayz
fried ice cream!!!!!!!!! lol yum
good times!  smile 
"work time, come down to the mariners game and buy a beer from me  smile "
so tired! time to go home and relax!
"working the game tonight, come on down and buy a beer  smile "
mariners v yankees today  smile 
"we must learn how to identify the opposing sides in our inner conflicts  take anger: we need to see how destructive it is and at the same time, realize there are antidotes within our own thoughts and emotions that can counter it  so by understanding how negative it is and then by strengthening our positive thoughts and emotions, we can gradually reduce the force of our anger and hatred"
"feeling so domestic, i think i'm going to bake my chocolate chip oatmeal cookies tonight  smile "
too much stuff to unpack! ugh
sweet potato fries r now my favorite  smile 
"yay mesha is here, feels like the good old days again"
such a wonderful time!
zero sleep=exhaustion  
nip tuck season 2 episode 1     smile 
great day  smile 
new cell number people     save it peeps 206 446 0793
"make me beautiful, perfect soul, a perfect face, a perfect life   love nip tuck!!!!"
"my day has been made, now what? lol"
headed to the animal shelter  smile 
"made thyme lemon chicken with savignon blanc and broccoli, with <propmale> white rice and chocolate and oatmeal cookies for dessert  smile "
"got so much cleaning done today, time to relax with a glass of wine  smile "
grilling burgers tonight and baking some sweet potato fries  smile 
"at safeco serving beer, come by 185 and say hi, buy a beer?  smile "
i went to big foot java last night and ordered a white hot chocolate with cinnamon   the lady gave me coffee with cinnamon   wtf????
it's better to be a smart ass then to be a dumb ass   just saying    lol
"just got home from work, got to be up at 5 am to be back at work at 9 am   grrrr lol"
going to the shelter again  smile  hope we find a puppy this time 
"animal shelter another day, just going to <propfemale> out at home"
i need coffee! i think im going to buy a coffee pot lol
had an awesome time at dinner last night  smile 
could'nt be happier  smile 
going to see a puppy tonight  smile 
i'm a proud new mama!!!!!!!  smile 
"at home with my favorite person and favorite puppy, relaxing  smile "
tulalip is the number one place for fun
"great dinner tonight, now time to relax  smile "
"work on wednesday, woohoo  smile "
what a great day  smile 
getting my passport this weekend  smile 
13 hour work days    dislike!!!!!
"mexican food tonight, home made  yum  smile "
back to work 
i like it on the door 
"some of the greater things in life are unseen that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream   "
"october\ is cancer awareness month: in memory of every cancer patient, family \member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of \those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love \someone who has or had cancer "
newest member of the renton high school staff   yay!!!  smile 
finally going to see the social network  smile 
some people r just losers   that is all 
friday night  smile 
scary movie time  smile 
bearshare is pretty legit 
bearshare com
disneyland in april  smile 
meow
4 day weekend  time to crack open the <propfirst>'s hard cranberry!!!
painting the extra room blue  smile 
it has been said   smile 
oh mall world!!!!  smile 
 smile  &hearts;
"tonight a teacher somewhere in your community is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and, more often than not, investing their own money    for your    child's literacy, prosperity, and future  re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher!\"",2010-11-19 07 surprise 6:44""",b94678b923019f626474c9752af48183,"saw <propmale> potter friday night, it was amazing!!!  smile "
&hearts;
yesterday was such a great day! thanks for the yummy dinner <propfemale>!  smile 
i want a salted caramel hot chocolate &hearts;
live each day as if it were your last because tomorrow may never come
"dinner was delicious, and it was fun seeing everyone, thanks <propfemale>!  smile "
lucky &hearts;
got a new mytouch phone
painted the trim in the room and had fun doing it
day is almost done
"***change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same  until monday, dec 6, there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign against child abuse ***"
headed to downtown seattle  smile 
we're headed out to cut down a x-mas tree  smile 
"had lots of fun tonight, now its time for bed "
i hate mondays    
loving it
christmas tree decorating and hot chocolate tonight  smile 
how the grinch stole christmas  smile 
pictures with <propfemale> for gizmo  smile 
relaxed  smile 
headed to gizmos appointment
"2 week vacation begins, it has started off good  smile "
couldn't have asked for a better year!
i love my new pandigital ebook  tablet  i can search the web and download books on it  smile 
thunderbird game  smile 
snow     
"7 years today, rip daddy  love u!"
 love  him
life is what you make of it  your choices   love 
lucky  love 
at the zoo  smile 
"fed some penguins, chilled with the elephants and got stared down by some gorillas, fun day at the zoo!"
 love  u  smile 
a dozen long stemmed red roses  smile  and its just getting started  smile 
glitter is the herpes of the toy world    lmao
i  love  nip tuck
<propfemale>
"rip <propfemale>, i love and miss my sister and my partner in crime  1982-2002"
up so early  smile 
dinner and movie with my fiance  smile 
win win is a great movie!
