f8bb1f36d49fc76bcc43cd89a38ef285
taste so good    make you wanna slap yo mama!
<propfemale> sick   all kinds of shit in my lungs  
happy new years   this sucks   
blehhhhh
having the ugliest voice ever 
ewwwww  so frustrated  bleh 
watching batman and <propfirst>  what a lame day 
b-day in like 15 days  woot woot 
so bored 
what the h?!
really want biscuits and gravy this morning 
about to go get my boyfriend 
i love cam-a-lam-a-ding-dong
"\there was a law enforcement officer in here looking for you the other day \"""""
garbage daaayyy!
who's birthday is it? mine  the big tw surprise ne  yes  feliz cumpleanos a mi 
kjflksdjflkdjsf eh
haven't been on in a while  had 33 notifications 
i'm watching maury  daytime tv is always a good time 
i love that women need their men to take lie detector test to see if they are cheating   cause the panties in the car and hickies aren't saying enough 
it's always weird having a stranger in my house 
sometimes   i wish i didn't answer my phone 
<propmale> a  barcelon is getting a mustache
"i love driving down the street and it starts to pour and then     my windsheild wiper breaks   i just love that feeling, knowing my windsheild wiper is broken, i have a donut tire and i need my oil changed  i've never been happier "
i wish someone would show up at my door with some drank for me 
my car no longer looks sad 
i love my friends too   but i'm a shitty one   whhhaaaa?
d':
 laugh 
"and in the words of <propmale> a  barcelon, \there is no need for that level of uglyness   \"""""
sometimes   some people drive me crazy 
my eyes hurt   i should have stopped at like two coats of mascara?
i guess i do nothing  i don't do laundry or make lunch or paint walls   i sit around and do nothing   i'm quite the catch 
"tool academy is sooooo funny   this \toolette\"" is so crazy!"""
i want a dog  
worst night of sleep in a long time 
running a fever is the worst  
"now, how am i supposed to get home? lol"
wyoming this week  
being in wyoming is a nice change of scenery  
i really do like today 
30 year old book of mormon   
"\people keep talkin'  talkin' 'bout people   \"""""
i miss my las vegas friends soooo much
the crazies 
so bored 
who would just love to pick me up and take me to the welfare place tomorrow? i would love to be able to eat  
i miss my boyf   i need him right now    sad 
why are you so far away?!!!?!?!
indiana jones   yummy
who has seen my boyfriend?? he is missing?  sad 
ughh  
no one ever comments on my posts   or <propfemale>'s either 
why even bother?
heavy metal 2000    so weird  
everythings good 
someone humor me 
let me guess   something came up and you couldn't pick me up   nor could you call    sad 
stay away from me  i can almost guarantee that i'll bring out the worst in you 
since i'm a hobo   i might as well go to the store looking the part  maybe i'll get someone's pocket change to buy booze or cigarettes 
"sing me a song that sends shivers down my spine  sing me a song, i'll sing along "
can anything be more annoying than 14 year old brothers? i need to get out of the house 
someone come get me!
i really hate getting ready  why can't my homelyness just be ok?
mmm at friday nights 
my sister's keeper    saddest movie ever 
i hate not having a phone at times 
staring into the neighbors garage   i don't think anything is going on in there  bummer 
my f b is f'ed up 
lunch with miss  barcelon and her mini me 
wish i had a driver's license  a state i d  will be good for now 
how am i the only person in the whole wide world that has never ever once seen starwars??
lafayette and <propmale> are the best ever  
friday night and no <propfemale> to anything but stay at home 
i wish someone would show up my door and hand me a double-double from in-n-out 
girls' night with the sister tonight? yeah! it's a win-win situation 
"   red wine with every meal, and absinth after dinner   "
i could watch law & order all day everyday 
"to whom it may concern annoyed i'm sorry i picked up some groceries so it was less things you'd have to worry about tomorrow  when you do go back tomorrow for more, use your own money  my attendance for the camping trip? i'm not going "
we don't talk and visit anymore  i just wanted a little bit of your time 
can't believe i'm up this morning   i guess it's nice to be up at 7 am   but when i couldn't fall asleep last night it really sucks  
i'm sick to my stomache  
"pretty sure someone snuck into my house this am and tried to come into my room   then left   thanks, dad for leaving the garage door wide open  and thanks to the security cameras for being disconnected "
i wish my id wasn't lost   and i wish my new one would come already 
i seriously want to take a pair of scissors to my hair   ughhhhh
no id  no vehicle  no cigarettes 
    the fudge?!
i really love coming home and seeing my fam in a great mood   ha! these fools need to start habitualy drinking or something 
i don't think i would do anything for a klondike bar 
wow   such a happy family i have  ew
i really need to work out  
i want to go on a date 
hmmm   
how long should i let my sister sit in the bathroom before i grab her some toilet paper?
i need a work out partner  and a partner to lay in the sun with 
 laugh 
had blue <propfemale>'s <propfemale> <propfemale>   so good 
suuuuch a long day  
someone buy my a plane ticket out of here 
"so   i feel like if i can't grow old with you, i don't want to do it at all "
my bags are packed   i'm sorry  
i've never hated myself more 
today is going to be a good day 
i start work today!
 laugh 
my heart has never hurt so much  
no work tomorrow   whaaaaa!?
"you've got your ball, you've got your chain  tied to me tight, tie me up again  "
for some reason the thought of eating makes me want to vomit 
june 19th   please hurry up 
ew   why is my facebook saying i'm in a relationship??!
tru tv  my love 
"law & order svu  attn: <propmale>  \why are you so hot?\love, you're number one fan  ahhh"
i would like to be on a game show  like family fued 
belly-ache 
"the people on deal or no deal are so greedy   shoooot if i was offered 16,000 dollars   i's take it "
oh i can alwasy be talked into having a drink 
    should be interesting  
ughhh    so tired 
ahhh a 32 oz to start the night right 
"it's ok that i felt like a boss last night  \i am a very big deal   \"""""
"i really do just love being harassed over something that happened, what   7 months ago? i'm so glad that everyone acts like they are so perfect and have never done anything wrong "
to catch a predator never gets old 
if one more person asks me if i've seen the new xbox  
sometimes   i want to laugh at some people right in the face 
"sometimes, some people are the rudest people on the planet "
so mad that my modest mouse cd was stolen 
it's ok that i have ghosts in my house 
soooooo funny people are 
i feel so lost  
i'm a little upset that i threw out the second half of my sandwich   the fudge was i thinking?!
someone come get me tonight!!!!!
soooooo interesting tonight was   
why am i so in love with in-n-out?
sometimes i want to throw myself on the ground and cry   i think i'll color my hair instead 
saw something on the news   this man was married to his wife for 75 years!
ahhhhh   so frustrated 
bff time?!
i really enjoy coming home and the house alarm blarring in my ear 
brand new all night    love it 
the fudge?!
"\i think i'm going to start taking singing lessons   then go on american idol \""\",f8bb1f36d49fc76bcc43cd89a38ef285,hacked the shittt out of my friends hair  sooooo funny
i miss my best friend! soooooooo much
ahhhhhhhahahahahahahahaha
don't ever let me cut your hair when i've been drinking  
loves the smell of hawaiian tropic tanning lotion 
"\you're going to leave the house wearing that?\"" ahhhhh"""
decided that i really do want a phone   <propfemale> im going to get one 
ahhhhhh no phone at all   sucks  
i really need to lay out tomorrow morning   it's just sooooo hot 
i wish someone would deliver food to me  
forgot it was friday  
no big deal that i'm going to see vampire weekend in september?
i must not have gotten the memo that i'm still 17 years old  because i could have sworn that i was 21  
i hate tonight 
someone go have lunch with me tomorrow   buy one get on free sandwiches!! huh? huh?
i want to go to california  
i could be gone for two weeks straight and no one in my house would even notice  
i want to go back home   home is not las vegas  
the heat kills me 
what the fudge    direct tv sucks sometimes  
oh pbr  you sure make me smile 
has anyone had chinese beer? and is it good?
watching trueblood  what the   ?!
"i hate thinking that there is no food in the house  untill i open the fridge and realize that we have   avacados, tomatoes, cilantro, and jalepenos   ahh it's nice living in a hispanic family "
i have a phone finally   i feel like i'm part of civilization again  
 smile 
so i can text   i feel human again 
ahhhhh @ my life right now 
"ahhhh @ lil <propmale>  oh weezy, you sure do make me laugh "
"\what if i had a friend that looked and dressed like uncle fester?\"""""
i'm the same as i was when i six years old  and oh my god i feel so damn old   
fml
so   i saw the new twilight   lol
"i love when i get calls from \unavailable\"" when like literally 5 people have my number  """
i feel like i just lifted the world off of my back   like i can finally relax again and be happy   laugh 
"\i need to color my eyebrows in \""     \""you should just get the lawn mower and fix them \"""""
"\when im gone and got dirt on my face    cause im six feet under!\"" ohhh dad   i want a book of all your ridiculous quotes  """
boulder city  ah its too early 
so my nine month old neice is in love with modest mouse   shes cool 
i have a <propfirst> mcdonald scalp  
i hate waking up this early   ew at life right now 
this part of town creeps me out  
im just waiting for my manager to say the wrong thing to me today  
gee dad  thanks for telling me that youre watching my sisters baby so that i can go out if i want to  i do what i want  and i have no <propfemale> to <propfemale> out with their friends 
criss angel is 43  the fudge   i didnt realize he was that old 
wants frozen yogurt soooo bad 
i love being able to pause my tv 
soooooo excited for my sister's birthday i am!
what do i wear to a mexican fiesta?
the week is sucking  the weekend should be nice  wink 
<propmale> courts are shit  i'm really pissed off about this situation 
clorox 2 is my new favorite product 
mormy kooki  oh oh oh oh 
la?!?! ahhhh
sooo in love with my life i am 
hahaaha chowder  cartoon network makes me smile 
i love it when you thug me baby    ?
why are things so confusing sometimes?
i am so thrilled about where my life is going to go  i am so excited to start over again!
kiss me through da phone 
"<propfemale> minaj, i can't understand you "
i have the most ridiculous dreams every night of my life  i kind of love it 
i would love to watch space jam right at this moment  
srop  get over yourself 
fml sometimes 
"\lets get our romp on tonight \"""""
i just keep getting more and more annoyed with this situation  it really makes me mad  are you kidding me right now?! how rude some people are! ahhhhh!
is it january yet?
i can not wait to get out of here!  laugh 
"can someone please tell me why im running around saying, \oh mylanta\"" like it's part of my everyday vocabulary?"""
ew @ how i miss my boyfriend   
fml today  
sooo into!
the most tired human i will be at work today  ew 
sista sista gets back tonight  woo 
misses the boyf right now 
"ew, why do i have the best boyf!?"
laying in bed    sick  it bums me out 
hey everyone! dont forget about my sisters suprise birthday party on sunday!!
i love that my boyfriend calls me at 2 smile 0 in the morning after i text him just because i had a bad dream   laugh 
six o clock at my house!
slkdfjklahgoierhguehvio    that is all 
i love my life 
fml  what a strange turn of events 
work is the craziest ever today  
i know its going to be a good day when i discover canada dry <propfemale> ale is in our fridge 
"yeah, i worked for only four and a half hours today and now im dead  how lame "
i really don't like getting into my dad's car and having to listen to <propfemale> braxton  
i can't wait to get to california and start all over again  can it please be january yet?
"i am sooo glad that i don't have children    projectile vomit, playing with computer cords, and sticking weird objects in their mouth   ohhh no thanks, not for me "
"i wish everytime i got a fountain pop, they had canada dry gingerale in the fountain machine  "
if you throw me under the bus you better believe i'll pull you down with me  i don't think you know what you're dealing with   
this is the worst 
fml  
"if i didnt suddenly wake up at two am then was so rudely awaken at four am, i might have been in a better mood this morning "
i really wish people could grow up and mind their own business   why are you so concerned about who im hooking up with or dating    dicks 
"i am probably the happiest human in the world  \now if you excuse me, me and my boo thang are going to have the most amazing time together    laugh "
i am having the most annoying time right now    i wish a had some drank!
i like how my name is always on the tip of your tongues    smile 
i die 
ahhhhahahahaha 
i don't care what anyone is saying  i love my life more and more everyday 
i could sit in my room and listen to modest mouse for hours  
if i didn't hate my itunes right now  
i want a cat  and some frozen yogurt 
lindo michoacan   you complete me 
its a very bittersweet day today   
and i miss you when you're around  
oh grilled cheese sandwich    you made my day 
my eyeball hurts 
i hope this goes well  
<propfemale> ambrosia looks like a hammer head shark 
i miss my most wonderful boyfriend on this day 
street lurker 
i need a savior lately 
being fat!
i am so glad that i don't have feather pillows anymore 
i really want an einstein bros  bagel right now  preferably cranberry  mmmm
"\who wants to die alone? thats not fun  well   i guess dying isn't fun anyway \"""""
"oh, you fancy huh?"
what a day  
oh jeeze   
i literally am in such a <propmale> matthews mood   i don't even care right now 
"sometimes i go and read old messages and i just laugh & laugh! oh, how happy i am now   laugh "
i know that i shouldn't be annoyed by this    but i am   really annoyed 
"\did you like my new jeans?\""\",f8bb1f36d49fc76bcc43cd89a38ef285,watching daytime talk shows really makes me feel better about my life 
"i sometimes forget about my love for everytime i die's hot damn! then when i listen to it, i feel like im falling in love all over again "
"listening to watching my sister \beatbox\"" is literally the funniest thing i have ever e playful erienced!"""
i am the most excited human 
 laugh 
fajitas   mmm
oh how i love my sister   two peas in a pod we are!
i hate having to walk home without my ipod  
i am starting to see what someone pointed out to me a million years ago  it sucks 
there is nothing that i love morethan lurking the streets alone at midnight  
i'm actually enjoying this no drinking phase 
why is it that when i start watching a lifetime movie i can't seem to quit 
the day keeps sucking harder and harder 
i want to go on a trip  & get tattooed  & color my hair    i need a job  
"\i made this new years resolution for myself   to go out and start dealing pot \"" haaaahaha i love the people that go on <propfirst> springer!"""
intervention   so intense  
somedays   i miss wyoming 
miss my burrfran 
is enjoying the weather right about now 
i want a smoothie 
i wish i had a balcony attached to my room with a little table and chair and ash tray 
i really don't like watching scarry movies all by myself  
i will always love taking back sunday  
i was unaware that scenesters were still around  
i don't really like miller high life   but it was two for $2 00  
a bunch of april babies   a bunch of fools 
oh gee  there is nothing that i love more than to be the only drunk one    annoyed 
ew    just ew   
ahhhhhhhh fml
"i think that i hate flying than when i watch movies where people are frequent flyers, it makes me miss traveling "
feels like shit 
not being able to sleep is the worst  
so i'm standing in line   and the man behind me is literally like one inch away from my body  do people not know anything about personel space?!
life is what happens while you're making plans  
"so   whenever i go somewhere and the employee has a name tag on, i call them by their name   i don't see why this embarasses my sister   isn't that the point of a name tag?"
"seriously, i can not watch the aspca commercials with the sad animals   it literally makes me want to cry "
"\lemme getcho bank card \"""""
"damn, i forgot to take my vitamins  "
sooo exhausted lately    annoyed 
the cox communications commercials are my favorite  seriously 
i get it   i got it years ago   leave me alone about it already  
brand new on repeat? i will love <propfemale> untill the day that i die!
literally just saw the funniest thing on our security cam playback! ahhhhhahahahahaha
fml today!! ahhhhh!
i hate walking alone  
are you kidding?!
i really need to quit drinking  
i love this sunday hbo lineup    smile 
i wish i was eating the most amazing breakfast right now  
cleaning chemicals give me the worst headaches 
"i have learned to kind of enjoy cleaning   so when i finish, i get sad a little bit "
my eleven month old niece's dancing makes my day 
i always have some random baby thing in my room  today it's little shoes and a chew toy 
the people on hoarders are nuts!!! absolutely nuts!
ahhhhhhh!  annoyed 
can't sleep  you'd think that having a memory foam mattress would help that  
misses her boyfriend today 
ahhhh good times!
my hair looks terrible   i need to color it   red hair and brown roots is not attractive 
i have the weirdest dreams  
i'm so over have chronic headaches  this is so annying to me right now 
the nicotine withdrawls are subsiding  finally  quitting smoking is a real drag 
i'm no longer an alcohol drinker   so i stick to root beer and going to bed early on weekends 
bbq with the fam   oh boy 
oh! i love these hbo sundays  i will miss them!
"this lifestyle is getting old  i need a place to call \home\"" for once """
who is going to be my twin now?  sad 
gnarliest breakfast burrito   yesss!
who am i supposed to have twintelepathy with?
i feel fat & tired  and have a headache   fml 
i wonder what my mug shot from two years ago looks like  
"oh great, i hope i'm not getting sick "
ahhh worst week ever  i don't think i've ever not looked forward to the weekend 
 smile 
wow
last night in town    would not have spent it any other way 
"dear today,\i hate you for being here so fast \can a year please come and go really quickly, thanks "
nothing more annoying then men who wear suits or suit jackets all the time 
oh! it's cold 
"the kids in this town get out of school for hunting   really, hunting?"
"seriously, too much coffee   ew "
"yeah, i just love walking ourside in the morning to 30 something degree temperatures   thanks, wyoming "
"\move over aquavista! reverse osmosis is where it's at!\"""""
i really wish my sister or <propfirst> were on chat so i could chat them up  
i'm not looking forward to my days starting at 3 surprise 0 am!!! ahhhh!
"i feel like i have a permanent headache   seriously, this is annoying "
someone thought that i was 12   twelve! seriously?!
people in wyoming really make me laugh  
library?
i hate facebook  some days 
i could drink butter pecan friscanis everyday   smile  they light up my life 
"\last was some malarky\"""""
"ew, why are the lights flickering? outside looks gnarly  "
if this cold weather isn't the most annoying ever    i miss las vegas 
i knew when i woke up this morning that today was not going to be my day 
i'm upstairs in the office pretending to be working really hard on business stuff   this job is pretty alright  thanks mom for employing me 
"dear today,\please hurry up and be about over  i'm tired of you dragging on and on aaannnnnddd i still have to do the night deposits after we close!!!"
if i could have in n out right now i would be the happiest woman alive  
"seriously, who in worland has a bedazzler that i can borrow?"
italian cream sodas everyday? sign me up!
i've had these jeans on for almost a week   how dingy they are looking 
i should become a flight attendant 
i love how my mom thinks i'm the greatest at everything   haha thanks mom 
oh today  
"\excuse me?\"""""
so i heard the greatest thing today   i just laugh and laugh and laugh!
the font on this comp is sao small  
so i heard that snow is coming   screw wyoming  
"if i could just sit here and play call of duty right now, work would be such a highlight "
i sometimes sing to myself and forget that there are customers downstairs that can clearly hear me   i tell myself that they like the entertainment  
i want some horchata  
"no bread, no starch, no beer    dieting sucks "
oh my goodness gracious  
"i am so glad that it was 14 degrees outside when i left the house   thank you, wyoming, for making my heart feel a little colder    annoyed "
i'm so glad that the bank teller didn't throw my money at me today 
"snow, really? screw this season "
thats ok that i dream about a zombie apocolypse    
my brother is a strange human 
ayyyy!
i'm so glad it wasn't raining while i was walking to the shop 
"wow, i haven't taken a test since i was like 18 years old  "
ughhhhhhhhhhh!  smile 
i feel like i'm about to have a panic attack   
i love my life  and i love pulled pork sandwiches   and pumpkin cheese cake  
i am dressed like a boy     annoyed 
i want to take a nap and it's only 10:27  
"i really like how i \installed the android application on my phone \"" when did i get a phone that i installed this android app on?"""
thanks for being below zero this morning    brrrrr    i hate winter 
is the most tired human 
vegas in <propfirst>? i'm stoked! i miss my boyf!  laugh 
chocolate covered espresso coffee beans today   i hope they turn out well   we are serving these to the public 
13 below zero?! really?!?! this is crap 
"dear microsoft excel,\you annoy me "
i really want to get off early today  
employee of the month? hell yeah!  laugh 
all of this airport security screening stuff stresses me out  i have no idea why 
"training   \where do i even begin?!"
i'm over this   
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?
"\why are we the rudest humes?\"""""
"yeah, i let my hair down   it's ok that i'm a rebel "
i'm alone   at work   and bored  
oh boy 
two doll hairs   all gone 
wow
i will admit that i'm the biggest douche in the world   eh 
screw work  i'm hungry 
it's no big deal that me and my friends have nothing better to do than be the most legit private investigators  
if i could just live in a cave and never come out   i would 
"ew, quite possibly getting a phone tomorrow  "
"getting a cellular device freaks me out   i don't want to became a slave to it  oh, life "
oh the morning kills me when i'm up half the night trying to sleep  fml 
"there are certain customers that i want to say, \get the hell out of here\"" to """
has taken part in modern technology 
i am so glad that i e playful erienced drunk texting at it's finest last night  what an interesting way to wake up 
is so hungry 
movie niiiight
i had the most amazing sandwich ever 
chrystina barcelona   
i really like doing baskets  
wow   done early today!
#69: i hate your guts 
i need a nap  
people of wyoming   
my shoes are looking hag   i really looking forward to getting new ones in the mail 
house of 1000 corpses
<propfirst> tashima at coffee and everything wonderful just made me the best sandwich  
<propfemale> artois out of a wine glass   stay classy 
"i have a class today   oh, these random things that i do  "
so   i guess i look haggard today   i love people 
"i had such a good day today  got some new shoes, my bench warrent was pulled, and i made banana bread  life  it's so good right now "
allergies    give me a freaking break 
i get my poor high-fiving skills from my mom 
<propfemale> jolly tea    legit  
"dear mom,\please stop making the most delicious desserts at work  i'm going to get fat "
shut up pooooooool
this could be fun   muhahaha!
"my life, it makes me laugh "
p s   i'm glad i left my facebook loged on 
p s   ya'll need <propfemale> hide ya kids hide yo wife and hide ya facebook cuz they rapin errbody out here!
dear <propmale>   you crack me up  thanks for not logging out of my profile <propfemale> 
dear <propfirst> was a stupid movie  
road tripping it  and we're the three best friends   
white chocolate caramel breve   probably the best thing i've ever had 
what a strange moment 
i went in the back room and cried for about two minutes   i don't have any clue why  i'm glad that's over with 
i had a dream that i was getting attacked by wolverine   how stupid 
i need to get my nails done again    annoyed 
"dear january tenth, please come by quickly "
i want today to be over with already   i want to just go home and lay in my bed and watch tv   the tv that i don't have in my room    ugh 
kdjflkajsflkjzslkfjlksdjflkajsdlkjasdkfgaiuijkjfrueyhsdsnfguuasljfksdyofjdgt8jfclkdngooisjf! that is how i feel at this exact moment     pshh
i think my elk tooth and my wishbone are missing  
enough with this tomfoolery   
if today were going any slower  it would be going backwards  
"i'm glad that the dr  pepper canister thing e playful loded on me   and that this whole in the floor behind the counter is going to cause me to break my ankle   smile  oh, i live for this "
"oh, netflix  i love you "
the weather is something fierce 
i leave on monday  smile 
my birthday is coming up   what a drag  
my body hurts   thanks yoga   smile 
"oh vegas, it feels good to be back    smile "
<propfirst>'s crab shack tonight   date night!
leaving today    ugh 
i am having the time of my life   it's nice 
looking at furniture   smile 
oh can today be over with already?! yeesh   it's only tuesday   oh mylanta 
"jeeze, the dreams i have are taking a toll on my sleep   i just love waking up at 3 am thinking a seriel killer is in my closet "
still don't understand the free-masons 
seriously    again with the dreams  
i like that it always looks like i'm giving the death stare   i just can't see  
nothing ever fails to shock me 
yoga tonight!  laugh 
whatevz    you only wanted me for my pimp juice  
i want it to be saturday feb 12th at approx  8-ish in the p m 
what in the world is my mom listening to?
"oh the excitment of worland, wyoming   indecision "
i feel like i have a fun filled weekend up ahead 
"i like how <propfirst> brase \likes\"" all my statuses    laugh """
"\i wonder who will post about this on facebook first  \"" and we have a winner!!! i knew it    ahhhhhh"""
"when it rains, it sure does pour "
in the paper today!  smile  and on the radio tomorrow morning   jeeze  
"the universe, i swear, is out to get me this week   "
mmmm bop  
thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i love you all  smile 
so i'm still at my place of employment   all alone and it's creepy 
"i need a tv   and a microwave   and while i'm at it, a house "
seriously?! i better not be getting sick   blehhhhhh
"i wish there wasn't a \very long wait\"" for <propmale> season 3 on netflix """
duck la'orange!
it is so nice outside that i literally want to cry of excitment 
when did i set my alarm to go off way earler than i need to? i don't recall ever doing this  
everyone i encounter is with child  what is going on? eeeek 
 smile 
coffee and everything wonderful with <propfemale> <propfirst>
ahhhhh its friday!!!
needs a house!
i am in awe    sad 
you made your bed and now you have to lay in it 
the weekend is looking good so far  wink 
oh allergies! wonderful day untill allergies kicked in!
ahhhhh   never a dull moment i suppose 
misses the boyf 
i just shouldn't bake   d':
phone is off until friday    bummer 
super natural 
when someone points out that you have a hole in the crotch of your pants   it's a sign that you need to stop wearing them    sad 
some people just really disgust me    seriously  having no phone is kind of nice btw    smile 
"i really hate that i can't see, or talk to my boyfriend  "
when you're strange   
"i really want today to be nice   i'm so cold and i can't get warm, and i'm at work all alone for at least another hour   how boring   and cold "
"white chocolate, caramel breve    yessss  "
"i'm trying to e playful lain dubstep   this is all i could say \waawaawaa\"""""
i don't know about this weather  i do know that i'm a little excited to get my phone turned back on this morning   smile 
some man just called my work and asked me what the number to the big-horn county c surprise p was   hmmm  
apartment shopping    smile 
i need to get out of here   it's been too long already  6 months is long enough 
oh mylanta  i need some drink 
"\you smell like a permanent \"""""
if you're feeling froggy    leap 
i think moraccan heat tea is my new favorite thing 
"poached eggs? yes, please!"
today is a good day 
we can dance untill we die  
seriously?
i wish i had a picture of the face that <propfirst> is making right now   
having a new little neice or nephew today!  smile 
i wake up with a racing mind  can't i ever just not think about everything that could possibly go wrong?
snow? really?
just went on a nice little bike ride   smile 
"i'm at work, not working    on my day off   wow, i'm pretty exciting!"
it's only wednesday   oh my garsh 
"i saw you drivin' 'round town with the girl i love and i'm like, forget you "
it would be nice if my boyf was back 
looked at apartments!  smile 
