e42029204a2cb10c3c0da2723fd1e004
parrrrtayy!! [ice cream partay!  smile ]
i tired -_-
"dude, i am soooo lazy  im losing my mind!"
im going to big splash!!  laugh  <propfirst> is taking meh  smile 
today is my first day of work! i start at 10 this morning  wish me luck!!  smile 
must    kill    pancake flippin zombies
it is quite beautiful outside   smile 
its fun playing with zombie snakes!!  laugh 
"uuugggh, i hate babysitting!!"
"haha, i didn't know there would be this much controversy over playing with a dead snake  laugh "
mother is slow! if she makes me late to work ima kill someone!
i love my job  smile  ~sigh~
hmmmm  its quite interesting to think of freshman year and all the stuff that happened in it but at times it can be extremely depressing because it was so much fun and ill never get to go back and relive it!!
i love lightening!! its so coollllll  - 
"dude, tomorrow (technically today) is guna be so boring!!"
ugh   i dont wana go to werk  im still sleepy
"woooppp!!! pool today with tha man i love!!!       hahahaha, oh dude thats funny stuff, everybody knows he's not a man!  laugh  he beh <propfemale> baby boy!  laugh dd"
swimming at 3! [ i have pocky and bendy straws!!  laugh ]
shinedown is by far the best  smile 
"hmmmm   thats depressing  oh well, maybe another day"
i luv <propfemale> n n
i think i was put here to meet you love 
there isnt enough time in a day!!
two of the greatest things in the world: coffee and reeses
"duuude, moving suxxxx"
we're off to see the wizarrd the wonderful wizarrd of ozzzzz!!!
im going to see <propfemale>'s body with my dad today  laugh  cuz im a bamf
i cant wait for fall break to get here!
listening to amazing techno with luluz!!  laugh 
gawd techno is the best effin music ever   love 
"awh, i feel so lonely now! everyone's gone! d:"
my first tattoo is guna be an italian chef  laugh 
"dude, i love the stepfather  that movie was perty good  perty good  lol"
going to the mall and seeing paranormal activity 
i hate that movie  
"okay, scratch that  it was an awesome movie  kudos  wink "
aw   i miss her!
party tonight! then another tomorrow!!  laugh 
"mannnnnn, i love having going to parties  laugh "
best weekend everrrrrr  n n
sooooo sore   but i had fun  laugh 
today was pretty messed up i'd have to say but it turned out to be pretty good in the end  smile 
look to the past  hide from the future 
"i've just been put into overdrive  (my own fault - -\)"""
"ugh, dreading today  "
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ramen 
i had a really good day today!  laugh 
"hm, this is driving me insane   !!"
having so much funnnnnn!!!!
"-_-\ wtf"""
they can go screw themselves  im in a good mood and theres nothing you can do about it!!
best concert ever!!!!
ugh  whats wrong with me  
   why can't i just be happy? i wish i could just fade in with the rest of the crowd  
being sick is the worst 
ugh  stupid jerk 
you can sit beside me when the world comes down <propfemale> <propfemale> 
i love being nerdy ^-^
no more barbe's class!!!!!!! score!!
no more garbe!!
lol people are so funny sometimes 
green pantalones here we come! i forgot how much i loved these things  laugh 
http annoyed  www formspring me daveejones
everyone please join owasso's gsa! (its not just for gay people) we would love you're support 
i am bored out of my mind  so is bubbles  save ussssss!!!!!
"hmmmmm, i suddenly have the awesome craving to go ice skating  anyone up for skating by <propfemale> light?  wink "
going to get my orange 1975 vw bus this weekend with the father!  smile 
vw bus here i come! be jealous people  playful 
"moving time!!     again! how exciting!\\not!"
ironic event of the day: i met a very attractive human being  then i realized who it was and was completely turned off  i thought you should know   smile 
best thing i've heard all day: look at all those buns!
i had the most amazing day  gosh that boy  words can't describe 
the black veil brides concert was kick arse!! best concert yet!
i'm going ice skating tomorrow so in your face people  smile 
"dude, you're never guna believe this  my dad is taking me to see zz top and <propmale> petty at the <propfemale>  awesome right? i thought so   smile "
its final  i'm cutting my hair  again 
sooo ready for school  need to get out of the house wayyyyy more often 
"\i like my asphalt black and hot     and i like it when it rolls \"""""
heck yessss  pay day tomorrow!
"-ohhhhhh her zipper is sticking up! check it out man!\-     i didnt know you had x-ray vision???"
"i want to swim  therefore, i should have a pool  so where's my pool bitch? gimme!"
the next time someone shoves a dead fish head in my face i'm going to make them wear it 
ugh  don't feel good  this sucks 
dude  why are you so boring?
broken cookies need love too   smile 
today is guna be awesome 
dying my shoes  smile  this is fun 
sometimes i wish i were invisible 
i hate seeing you and remembering what you made me feel 
family is fucked up 
look inside and you'll be surprised with what you might find 
"fail  grounded for the weekend  when i assumed i was anyway and actually wasnt  but alas, i am now "
"\more people die from toasters every year than from sharks \""      \""people die from a lot of things more often than sharks \"""""
amazing   love 
dude im so tired yet i still have a ton of stuff that i need to do  great 
when it comes down to it    if only you knew  
life is awesome 
     i need a scary movie <propmale>    
today was fun  i quite enjoyed my friday 
what do you want me to do?    asshole 
bit of a depressing evening  in more ways than one 
please go fuck yourself 
its got horns!!!!                cream horns
you always have a place in my heart  don't forget it 
wear purple tomorrow  do it with me!
talk gangster to me 
"i love <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> geoffry and everyone else i <propfemale> out with!!!!!"
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your    status for at least one hour?
fun fun fun dayyyyy  laugh 
"really good day, i miss the old days "
"lock the closet door, don't let me in "
i has muffins  laugh  just thought you should know 
dammit  i don't know what i'm doing for halloween anymore 
you don't understand and you probably never will 
i'm just a little kid running around in a big girl costume day to day 
i cannot feel what you've done to me 
girl i've got you under a spell and i don't think i'll be letting you out 
"don't you just love it when people \like\"" your status when its something depressing? boy it makes me feel great!"""
i love it how i get home completely exhausted with the intentions to go to sleep till i get on facebook and stay up another 3 hours 
"\i'll make you mine and there's nothing you can do about it because you know you want it too\""  love """
went to the best circus ever  so funny  i loved it!
you're beautiful  you're seductive and manipulative  you're untouchable  you're wild  which one is about you? you'll never know  there are so many i'm not sure who is who anymore 
stupid step throat  sad 
you're gorgeous  so what do i need to do to make you mine?
my throat isn't the only thing sick so you will you fix me?
i'm riding solo and soooo glad of it 
this is the best day ever! i found you!! hahahaaaaaaaa
do you remember?  love 
i'm so tired of this dance  so what's it guna be?
hah you crack me up  i dont give a f*** 
"if you were a starving homeless person and you got drenched in syrup \would you be happy that you had something to eat or furious that you \were starving, homeless, and covered in syrup?"
i have too many things going through my head to really put anything here  fail 
is keeping me a prisoner of your own fears a way to show you love me?
where are all these mysterious people that go by <propfirst> instead of names coming from? people are posting stuff about them on their statuses and i don't get it at all  i feel dumb 
grrr this sucks  a lot 
you suck monkey balls 
i want to give up and go away  i'm tired of trying 
"so, let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods cheat multiple times, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really      ??    repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - just my opinion, you don't have to agree"
i feel so bipolar this week  how gay  figures 
mmmm yummy  lols
i  love  infected mushroom 
seeing you tonight was wonderful but its never enough   love 
"wow  even now, <propmale> away from her she can still fuck with my head "
be with me please i beseech you   love 
whats my age again?
everyone's a let down it just depends on how far down they go 
i hate pretty girls because pretty girls like boys   annoyed 
hah i love how many times i'll type something here to post but in the end i just erase it all because its not worth posting in the first place 
my phone is all jacked up so i wont be able to talk to anyone for a while unless i'm on here  sorry guys  sad 
you're a big gay 
oh goody! perfect f***ing timing 
you're not the person i knew back then 
i miss my <propfemale>!
<propfemale> and sprite 
fuck <propfirst>'s day 
home is where the heart is but i lost mine so does this make me homeless?
rip <propfirst> 
i miss all of my friends like crazy 
stifled creativity is the most frustrating thing in the whole fucking world 
working it out is so damn hard when you're alone 
i wish i could make you see i'm no good 
this wedding is horse shit 
damn   i miss owasso 
i want to look pretty today
what'dya say we leave for california?  love 
i'm defenseless when your near and that scares me  you're my kryptonite and i hate it 
smelyalata
i'm absolutely sick with missing you  
shinedown  ftw
i can't ever win can i?
i hate seeing the color drained out of your life  you were my bright shining <propfemale> but you've been reduced to a dark sulking shadow 
