8e4f6eb5659945b093c851340b574204
i'm drunk and still sober enough to type this message  happy new years bitches  i luv ya  oh and i'm fantabolous i changed my face    it's smiling 
just finished watching powerpuff girls the movie  that brighten'd my day 
now i'm here tell the family 
it's hard to disappear when people can see you   
i want the rain to come back   
lightning    thunder where are you!  sad  i'm bored i need some entertainment   
yay i got my rain but now i need my freakin' light and sound show! woo!
"\kitty\"" ~boo from monster's inc """
can't wait for saturday! but didn't enjoy todays sun 
havin' fun at bootleggers with tiff and her friend shakina!
"had fun this weekend, now on to a boring week of ssdd"
ssdd 4 me  gotta luv repetition! (sarcasm)
"i luv myself so much, i'm gonna get fat just to find something to hate about it  laugh "
getting ready for sista gur's party! happy burday <propfemale>!
gonna club wit <propfemale> (sista gur) and steal all da gurs! (still gay <propfirst> no hope 4 me nig!) happy burday sista gur!
had an interesting adventure wit sista gur and met someone new and pretty  i forgot how fun it was when you leave the house!
did some painting with <propmale> and now omw to chill with <propfemale> gur <propfemale>  after that i'm gonna head back and go to sleep 
paint paint paint! and conversation i hardly understand  woohoo i'm pretty!
i just feel like being random today  so far it's fun 
midweek intoxication(drunk) was not in my random forecast  lmao i sound like the weather ppl who don't shit bout the damn temp outside  watch out 4 rain hoes!
i need jesus or a man named jesus  love 
mother's day huh? well happy mother's day mommys!
lookin' good and feelin' gorgeous!
don't be jealous of my boogie!
"i can't stop feeling beautiful, this is getting annoying   "
i luv <propfemale> gurs when da dra<propfemale> ends they'll be prettier than me!
beauty followed me everywhere until i killed it and wore its skin  now i'm beauty!
happy burday mother!
i'm confused and wish i had a damn car  sad 
i wonder where beauty really is?
"there's ringing in my head, i dunno who's calling but if they can leave a message after the tone i'd be most greatful  and stop calling for a while "
the ringing is getting worse and worse  i wonder who's calling  it's annoying and i can't ignore since there is pain now 
"makin' cookies and still got a headache from the ringing    dunno who the fuk calling, it's getting on my nerves 4real!"
my little sis is full of half-assary  the phone call in my head still persists 
"in on puff of smoke you have everything, then it clears and it all goes away "
i wonder if super and duper know that they are used in the same sentence when people get excited    and please people my name is <propfirst> not anything else  ya'll kinda make me forget who i am when you say i'm someone different 
"well it seem dumbasses have brains no bigger than, it's fun when they don't know how stupid they really are  i luv being fantabolous!"
it's final i'm fantabolous and there is nothing i can even do about it!
i didn't know ripping carpet outta the floor was so much work  guess i shoulda moved all the junk first   wink 
i just found out that i'm 141 lbs i'm fukin happy as all hell! but i'm still not and buff as i wanna be  sad  
"yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  today is a gift, that is why it is called the present  -oogue"
why do i feel like that i am the only person who enjoys ever millisecond of my life? (and it's the most boring life ever!)
why is it that everyone can't see beauty as i do? i wonder if some were blind they would see what's really good 
1408 (a movie) makes me wanna go to a haunted hotel and see my own e playful erience  i wanna stay on the 13th floor of a hotel  wink 
happy father's day 
i got telephone by lady gaga stuck in my head    it's annoying and entertaining at the same time 
i love all my sista gurs and <propfemale> dolls  my moments with them are hard to forget  all ya'll are hot messes compared to me 
i wished stars would fall outta the sky and something falls on my head  that was cute  annoyed 
"woohoo!  lightning and thunder  eh, i could have done without the damn rain "
"tiff refuses to share her lunch, soshe's gone and hid in the bathroom to eat  poor employees of ace "
"o o i wanna go outside so bad, i'm too lazy to get dressed though  i'm so in love with the weather right now  i can do without the rain tho "
ugh i'm bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"now that my insanity has returned i'm not bored anymore, i'm gonna sleep ya'll try not to break anything while i'm away  laugh "
"you know what, it's not okay    it's fan-fuking-tabolous!"
"omg it was so fuking fun tonight! i had my gurs and met new gurs  i juke, i twirked, i popped, i shaked, and <propfemale> plus more mad the <propfemale> shake! best fri <propfemale>!"
omfg i can't stop saying how much fun i had last night!  i don't think any night can top it 
"this is sux, god is trying to rain on my parade "
had fun @ pride but now my feet hurt and gonna dance sleep on the ride back to my friend's house  tiff any u <propfemale> monkey nutz for having me run around 
"minor setback, once that's done i'm gonna post pictures of my fun ass weekend "
if a blind man says you're fine as hell and a deaf man says your voice is like heaven  you know you one special person  -fantabolous 
finally i got the pictures uploaded  laugh 
"\did it work\""\""yeah\""\""really\""\""no\"" (idiot i said it did) """
wow  i didn't know it was yours! i'll keep  it for a while since i have it and all 
"wow that's new, i'm actually a man! (boredom)"
@ a mexican club damn near bored outta my mind  if i don't hear pop or party music soon i'll go crazy!
ended up having fun at the mexican club and have a great morning  i'm happy as hell and can't wait for this bday party tonight  i hope my night ends up great 
imma be imma be imma imma imma j k imma wasp
imma show candipoo how to celebrate the day uwer born  wink 
i'm on some mcgyver shit  i need a rubber band and steak knife and some <propfirst> pins  i need to make a tank 
six flags tomorrow and i'm gonna ride every coaster like it's fun  merry-go-round whooo! every coaster gone be fun wink 
@ sixflags and havin' a fantabolous time  still lookin' 4 dat scurry ride!
i hope dat shit ain't blank if so i hate this phone 
"\stop using that word loosely \"""""
"\gone somewhere and take yo herpegonosyphilaids wit you! damn!\"" ~shebeata"""
"\don't use that word so loosely \"" -a man duh"""
"<propfemale> is oddly happy, quick someone call her fat before her mood changes!"
"shenise is fat and look like a \bald headed monkey\"" go to her wall and call her a \""bald headed (insert animal insect)\"" have fun i sure am  smile """
"tomorrow's a mystery  yesterday is history  but today is a gift, that is why it's called the present "
hm should i have popeye's or chicken?
first they're sour  then you're gettin' fukin' arrested 
i've decided to have a dull weekend  stay fantabolous  wink 
groovin' wit <propfemale> gur <propfemale> <propfemale>  chillin'  and not breakin' hips 
chillin' and partyin' wit pretty bitch <propfemale>  havin' an ok time i almost broke a hip earlier dancing 
hey <propfemale> u wanna do  some 'kinky' shit?
it worked  i made beauty!
i see handsomeness in the mirror!!!
woohoo lightning and finally it was close  but just my luck on this friday the 13 i don't get truck    evil day get on my nerves 
it's poke <propfemale> smalling day  find her on my f list and poke away  enjoy peeps  smile  
fantabolous!
p-p-p-poke someone p-p-poke someone  wink 
leo virgo party this friday i can't wait  i'm gonna look so skinny all ya'll gonna be jealous of my boogie 
"ok, i'm filled with non-beauty and it's very very annoying  say something funny to cheer me up "
i'm gonna have another weekend at home  (pending beauty)
look out for me bitches i'm headin' to chicago!
i'm here(chicago) people  try not to break anything until i'm around!
not the way i planned to celebrate my bday early  thursday was gr8 i luv u jax n <propfemale>  tonight got crankin' thx 2 conceded bitch n her new nig  (no mor jager!)
"i'm finally awake thx 2 jax n her \husband\"" 4 last nite  it was a fantabolous time!"""
"<propfemale>, dat pretty bitch, i mia i need to break her legs to stay wit me for dat bull "
25 huh? i don't even feel like i'm getting older  wednesday is gonna mess me up though 
"don't post happy bday, poke me instead "
ya'll make my evil ass brother call me tomorrow  he ain't fenna do me like <propfemale>  if i don't get even a text from him i'm heading to mn to break some legs 
dang it! big bro!  sad  no i gotta find something else to complain about 
"thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday  the gifts the pokes, the parties, the calls and texts  ya'll really made my birth special "
"i luv u all, big hugz 4 fantabolousness!"
"i miss my dreams of world domination, followed by it's destruction  sad "
"hm, no clothes  i guess i'll have to be fantabolous naked "
"these bitches, i can't even stop laugh  i'm rotflmao right now sending this  omfg!"
i'm not feeling too fantabolous 
no more worrying ppl  i got my beauty back  i'm just not fantabolous yet 
so so nice out  too bad it feels better (and safer  playful ) inside! have fun the sun  don't break nothing people!
"someone please come take my dreams, i want my entertaining world domination or my no dream back "
woohoo i can't wait for this weekend to be over!
gettin' ready to put chicago in da rear view  waitin' is really annoyin' when you ain't got much to do and scared to sleep 
bye chicago see u next tuesday  wink 
fantabolous <propfemale> has landed 
i so so happy today  laugh 
drankin' ¡ buzzard beach (a bar)
damn remote  had instructions on the back  i was online lookin' 4 hours and the damn website didn't help  simple as lookin on da other side  i'm relieved n piss
such a great lazy day 
head out to a club i'm leaving my phone behind 
had fantabolous fun  g'nite ya'll 
oops! after party!
"congratulations dezmon and <propfemale>, itz about damn time!"
such a great day to look like me 
i think i can get used this    bliss is great 
i'll be back to my little cave wednesday morning 
omfg ya'll don't know a child hood friend 'til ya'll meet <propfirst>! btw i'm omw to chicago  i should be there at 7am
the fantabolous <propfemale> is back ¡ the nest  show my big bro some luv and give him a bday poke (<propmale> a ) have fun ppls i'm glad n sad to be back home 
enjoying life
woo hoo i'm not pregnant!
<propfemale>'s dog <propfemale> is missing if any of u seen her pls let me or her know
"yay, her dog came back  reminds me of a happy ending in movies "
my twiggy bitch is legal ya'll letz hit a club 4 her!
time to give <propfirst> sullivan burday poke!
let's play a fb game! poke <propfemale> smalling! have fun!
confusion is cute until you have it 
"feeling bored? want something to do? poke <propmale> a  <propmale>, that should entertain u for a nice minute "
"yay, a happy morning!"
happy burday jailbait  poke becca cuerva 4 her burday 
"yay, nice afternoon!"
the beautiful days just keep coming  smile 
"lol, a praying mantis is sitting on my screen door  it's been there since last night  i wonder what it's waiting for  lmao poor thing gonna die maybe "
"man oh man, if u could see me now you'd be jealous "
goin' out wit da gurs  i luv ladies night cause da dumb nigs think i'm a pimp 
omfg we didn't take pictures last night and i was fantabolous  sad  
how is everybody!? i'm feeling fantastic!
<propfemale> is truely strange in the morning  she's worse high on sugary stuff 
"gettin' kidnapped again  oh well, gurs nite it is!"
gettin' ready so i can put on my juke jeans  the 3 of us 2gether gone be pretty fantabolous spicy bitches 
"\i'm flexible\"" (doosh) \""da de dur duh da da da da\""    \""pot pie pot pie!\"""""
"so mean i missed the \saw\"" marathon """
done  smile  
omg omg i just saw myself in the mirror and   
woohoo! fantestical lightning storm 
it feels good knowing i look better than you 
it was a dark and spooky morning    woo oo oo oo oo oo!
it's gonna be okay spicey can't don't let stupidity stress u out 
"when you love yourself this much, why would you change a thing?"
i have gotz <propfemale> see the movie saw on friday!
"night all, stay fantabolous!"
"i am not an addict, i just passionate about it "
saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw ¡ ¡
"loved thefinal saw movies, gonna head home and relax "
uglifat a word i mushed meaning ugly and fat  ex: shenise is uglifat  enjouy your new word  smile 
everybody poke <propfemale> (momo) it's her bday  happy bday <propmale> mireles rip 
fantabolous 
when you're this fantabolous why change a thing? -quoted by some beautiful person 
"\i'm 'cajmonet' i'm pretty and think i'm better than everybody cause i still look like a supermodel who gets full off eating a <propfemale> bit of carrot\"""""
until i change my profile pic make a wish on da treasure troll lookin' one 
fantabolous
"kidnapped by pretty, i wonder what's gonna happen "
i just gave <propfemale> my burday like  wink 
it's not a party 'til sumone get hit in da face   sad 
i feel so unpretty    i'm not gonna be fantabolous for a while   sad 
i miss my sista gurs! u guys r too much fun  stop being so fun  sad   lol 
i've seen the light  and it burns! so i turned it off 
fantabolous
urbody dat got cable turn to comedy central @ 9 tonight  fuk da news read da paper tomorrow 
fantabolous  laugh 
i'm so pissed  i want my life to be more interesting  i'm too fantabolous to live dull 
"i found beauty while i walking in the house  i smiled, it smiled back, i waved, it waved back  i heard \ugh\"" and beauty gave it the finger  i luv mirrors  laugh """
"\i want your lovin' all your love is revenge you and me can write a bad romance!\"" ~lady gaga"""
"\why don't you come on and come on and raise yo glass!\"" ~p!nk (my sis is bored i'm getting offline before she drives me crazy) """
damn it not again  i saw my future and i wasn't in it  this is getting old 
http annoyed  www facebook com ?ref annoyed ogo#! omni89th posts 172034809490004?notif_t=feed_comment
my sleep schedule is ruined  ya'll gone hate me i'm turnin' off text alerts by facebook  i'm way too fantabolous to only have 2-3hrs of beauty sleep 
"\need a party planned and not much time to plan it? last minute hoe to da rescue!\"" pretty's slogan 4 here party planning corporation  lol!"""
bored and hearing things 
being home alone is really creeping me out more than usual 
i hada great workout today  i just hope my body don't ache in later 
"i'm offline, ya'll try not to break anything while i'm gone  buy ppls "
"love yourself and maybe, just maybe your reflection wont crack at the sight of you "
it's official my youngest sister (<propfemale>) has mental problems  poke her to support her need into the looney bin 
omfg 7up really does make u bubbley  my sis had 2 and won't stfu with the damn noise!
imma grab da skillet n *flip flip smack* yo ass!
woo oo! i got me one titty! one more and i gotz dat set! wooo! (thx <propfemale> without u i wouldn't have it) 
u can contact that ugly fat stanky nasty bitch at 773- uglifat 
blah blah blah holiday 773-uglifat  go away happy jerks 
fantabolous
i need jesus or a man named jesus  laugh 
"i love you all, family and friends and those in between  try not to break anything while i'm logged off  nite ya'll "
"fantabolous, i am and everyone else should try to be  going far beyond beauty and improving imperfections "
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \not see a human face on fb til monday, december 6th  join the fight \against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your \friends to do the same "
"i've seen my future, it kinda sux how many people are in it "
"is the most fantabolous bitch in the whole wide world  if anyone wanna be fantabolous you betta bring yo fashion, walk, and dance to steal it from me "
damn it  i hate when the comcast menu says one thing and there is a different program on  i hate false advertising > crying 
i'll holla back at ya'll later peeps  you got somethin' to say text me  <propfemale> don't text me to come on facebook cause i can't 
"i saw the signs, i opened up my eyes  i saw the signs then i said screw that i'm illiterate bitch, i can't read that shit!"
oh man my morning is fantastic already  i just saw the powerpuff girls on cartoon network  bubbles for the win!
#98 i didn't want to participate in this but for you i'd blow up the world  you are almost as fantabolous as me (i said almost)  yo dancin' is da shit and i love you for it (yeah i said love who cares you deserve it)  i know i barely know you but i'd be yo bf in a heartbeat if not for my condition  don't break anything gur  i miss you and wish your life was more drama free 
i'm offline don't break nothin'
"???: hello\mom sad hico?\???:huh?\mom sad hico, chico \candice: chico?\mom surprise h can i get a chicken dinner \that's my momma callin' wings it is while thinking about me  i love how i remind her of chicken  funniest thing i heard "
it feels awesome to wake up early in the morning  laugh 
is enjoying another great morning 
i love my new name change  it makes me feel important  laugh 
"<propfemale> stop hatin', you just jealous my moustache is thicker than yours "
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood mornin' > wink 
"don't step on the ground, the floor is lava!"
yay! powerpuff gurs! i wish it wasn't the christmas one but i'm still happy  smile   bubbles ftw!
omg the spongebob movie opener just pissed me off 
"so let me get this straight: <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the \institution of marriage\""  really? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree  ~proud to support equal rights for all!"""
is fantabolous always 
"where there's truth, there's love "
my phone is being a crackhead  it won't hold a charge when i charge it and it cries low battery when i unplug it   sad  i love my phone 'cause all my friends are it  but i'm gonna have to throw it against a few trees 
time for a new phone charger  mine is on crack  my phone is fine  laugh 
"i've noticed a lot of gloomy people during this holiday  i might be mean or evil, but i kinda like it  o no fake ass happy people during this time of year, i'm excited  happy holidays people  mine will be  wink "
i fukin' luv this damn goat on hoodwinked  i want one just like it 
for a guy who don't do shit ever i sure do end up with a bunch of cuts and bruises i don't remember ever having 
"damn holiday, hurry up so everyone can go back to not caring!!!"
"the reason i still watch <propfemale> wars is to see darth maul's ugly ass fight and <propfirst> l  <propmale>  after watchin' this shit over again i noticed how long it takes to get to the fighting  ooh and that cantina song, i love that song  love "
phone died!!!! who has a samsung charger!?
alright i get it  it's christmas    stop texting it to me 
"still sick, but woke up happy "
don't text me any new years shit  i luv u all be safe and enjoy this holiday within reason 
getcho hair did!  www ajstylz com
grandma is fun as hell!
still at gammy's crib  i gave her a little computer lesson  soon she'll be using her laptop and sending emails  watch out now ya'll!
ahhh someone tell me what to do!!!!
"oh well, my lazy ass ain't gettin' up anytime soon  there's some walking in my future, if i'm not still lazy "
omg this adventure was worth it! never have i had fried fish like this  it's so good hot sauce would ruin it!
"sure pretty, why not? i minus well, it's better than being bored at home "
you so mean pretty  crying 
sending text messages to my dolls as if i was talkin' to sombody else  i hope ya'll like them 
"omg too many kids! i need some rope, tape, and <propmale> on the tv  lol!"
pretty bitch need to get out her phone  imma flip flip smack her ass!
i'm stepping down from fantabolous bitch  my title has to be passed on  i can't keep up that level of beauty anymore  time to be a regular person now 
a thumbnail is a smaller picture of the original  it is not attached to your hand  think of it as a negative from a non-digital camera 
i feel bad for j lo  she can't say no to anybody 
"hey hey hey! that my be all fun n games, but you still look fat in that "
i'll beat my sleep record starting next week  let's see what's really good  smile 
"omg talk about nostalgia, house party 3 lmfao!"
i need to stop sleeping  my dreams are getting really weird now 
shake wut yo momma gave ya!!!
if u cumin' in me go yo ass back home bitch!
it's gonna be so sad today  who gotz a kleenex fo a fantabolous bitch!? i need a box   
"skillet or knife? if you ain't choosing, don't let me catch you near some stairs "
wtf? ya'll confusing me people!
finally home  i feel great!
"it's never a pleasure, but always a preasure "
"battling cold the only way i know how: heat and medicine, while shouting \i don't want you!\"""""
finally recorverying  i don't understand the whole eye irritation thing 
i must be feeling better than i e playful ect  'cause i'm really hungry for cookies 
yay! stuck home with family  (sarcasm)
"i'm so urged to walk in this weather  it's so fierce and exciting i wanna be part of the e playful erience  i don't wanna get sick again, so i'll stay in "
soon it's gonna be time ti start snatchin' chairs  wink   your parking space? i beg to differ 
get down li'l momma get down li'l momma get down li'l momma (my favorite juke song)
omfg this guy is so deep in the closet you can't see him in there  it's time to donate clothes and shoes 
i'm killing in scrabble  damn jailbait keep making making these 2 and 3 letter words stopping us from making bigger shit  evil 
yay! the sun is actually giving heat  smile 
"i may be special, but at least i'm not on that short bus u riding in "
"finally, i get to teach people some of my dance moves  i'm very excited "
don't break it or i'll break you  (cast iron skillets ftw)
"my name is <propfirst> i'm so very    fly oh my it's a little bit scay  boys wanna marry lookin at my dari    are you can stare, if you touch imma bury  pretty as a picture, sweeter than a swisser  mad 'cause i'm cuter than the girl that's with ya  (pretty girl rock by <propfemale> hilson)"
all the single ladies put your hands up!
"wow, i feel old  my back is hurting for unknown reasons  sad  "
prepare y'allselves bitches! here i come and i'm breakin' everything!!!!!!
"prepare y'allselves, bitches! here i come and i'm breakin' everything!!!"
"addiction are fun, until they consume your most of your life "
a ball? sure i'll have one 
gay+ idiots= true colours 
simply fantabolous (join me ladies) 
broke a nail before exercising  now that's funny 
havin' a ball a babyshower congrats <propfirst> (bna <propfemale> my twiggy bitch) and chino
"finding nemo on the disney channel y'all enjoy \just keep swimming\"""""
when i hear the word spam (it used to be delicious meat you buy in a can for cheap) now it's crappy emails in the inbox 
it can't be helped  some days you just feel like the squirrel from ice age  you try so hard to get what you want but something always happens 
"i can't feel my body, best workout ever! i hope i recover tomorrow "
"how do you spell earth? \e-r-p-h-e\"""""
damn it! i broke a nail  sad 
you truelu can't can't change change a person's behavior ut if you buy the close and trick them into into exercising in some kinda way u truely can change looks
god damn i'm fantabolous!
"\dis is da song dat dusn't end  yes it goes on and on my friend  sum ppl started singin and not knowin wut it was  yes dey continued singin it 4evr jus bcuz   \"""""
damn i need new close 
(random) knowing you knew what i know you knew  i know you know now that what i knew ain't new 
i luv ya gurs spicy is mia she gone get stripped of her title and kick outta da dollhouse if she continues to ignore phone calls   
