adab4ed893b86fb4b5d99f6ddab11c10
they can shoot me to death but at least i have the moral high ground  -dr  who
"don't rock the jukebox   i want to hear <propfirst> jones   my heart ain't ready for the rolling stones   i don't feel like rockin' since my baby's gone, so don't rock the jukebox play me a country song  -<propmale> <propmale>"
"cause i have wandered through this world and as each moment has unfurled   i've been waiting to awaken from this dream   people go just where they will i never noticed them untill i got this feeling that it's later than it seems   doctor, my eyes, and tell me what you see   i hear thier cries, just say if it's too late for me  -<propmale> browne"
is it bad if half my head is numb and the other half is in agony?  whered i put my shades?    ugh 
"keep having this dream about my old man im 10 years old, and hes holding my hand were talkin on the front porch watchin the sun go down but it was just a dream he was a slave to his job and he couldnt be around  so many things i wanna say to him but i jus"
i lost all the contact info in my phone so if you get a <propmale> call me so i can put you back in my phone 
wheres that picket fence love?  and where's that shiney car? and did it ever get you far?
divorce is final today 
just got home   i should go to bed but i also wanna stay up     sigh    
phone is fixed and now i have an important call to make    sheesh the pressure 
"gonna take a freight train down at the station  lord i don't care where it goes   gonna climb a mountain, the highest mountain, jump off   nobodys gonna know   can't you see, can't you see, what that woman does to me?"
"i need you so bad, magic woman i can't leave you alone   ~santana"
here i am again in this mean ole town and youre so far away from me   so far away from me   so far i just cant see 
"pub crawl is over, my head hurts, and i cant remember where i left my pants    sigh   "
but here you are with your faith  and your <propfirst> pan advice  you have no scars on your face  and you cannot handle pressure
its been an amazing day   i wish tonight didnt have to end   but i have a feeling i will like tomorrow too   smile 
"thank you everyone for wishing me happy birthday!  i am fortunate to have so many good friends and a family who loves me even when i'm me   as dear old bilbo baggins said, \i don't see half of you half as much as i would like and i like less then half of you half as well as you deserve \""    smile   thanks for making me smile on my birthday!"""
i've seen so many things i ain't never seen before  don't know what it is but i don't want to see no more 
today has been one of those days and its only 4 o'clock   sheesh   on the good side only 16 more days till my trip to england and i am sooo excited about that 
9 days and counting!  i can't wait!!  i should start getting ready but i deffinitely can't wait!  smile 
im leavin in 4 days!  anyone wanna catch a few drinks before i leave?   smile 
sheesh i am getting so excited that my trip is coming up i can't sleep   i am looking forward to the football game tomorrow   itll only be freezing so im sure there will be a huge turn out! ha!
ok so i have like 3 more errands and im ready to go   tomorrow i should be able to just relax and enjoy myself   woot!
"ok scratch the 3 things list, after doing 4 things i have 2 more to do tomorrow   cripes   planning and execution   not my strong point today   2 days till i go! woot!"
one day to go!  im almost ready even!!  wooohooo!!!  england here i come!
i miss my family and my friends   im glad to be able to e playful erience a new and interesting place but i think there is no place like home 
well im home   sigh   hello again 
"yesterday, and days before, sun is cold and rain is hard, i know, been that way for all my time  til forever, on it goes through the circle, fast and slow, i know, it can't stop, i wonder  i want to know, have you ever seen the rain? i want to know, have you ever seen the rain coming down on a <propfemale> day?"
happy new years folks  hopefully ill see some of you tonight 
"oi!  more housework today   at least it is starting to look good now that i have the dining room set up, the front room done and washed the carpets   now to get motivated enough to do the kitchen    *grumble*  anyone have a flame-thrower i can borrow to melt the snow?"
sigh   i can't sleep   my internal clock is still messed up   at least there is a zombie movie on 
"i just wanted you to know sometimes driving home at night i let your memory take control and you're sitting by my side i turn up the radio and cruise down old route 59 and girl it's solid gold, well, i'll let you go i just wanted you to know"
"be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot  -d h  <propfirst>"
"look like nothing's gonna change  everything still remains the same  i can't do what ten people tell me to do  so i guess i'll remain the same, yes  sittin' here resting my bones and this loneliness won't leave me alone  it's two thousand <propmale> i roamed  just to make this dock my home now, i'm just gonna sit at the dock of the bay watching the tide roll away  oooo-wee, sittin' on the dock of the bay wastin' time "
i think ill go shovel snow and try not to die from e playful osure    im still waiting on that flame-thrower people!
aaaaaaarrrrrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!  so cold!
"i want to forget how conviction fits,  but can i get out from under it?   can i gut it out of me? it can’t all be wedding cake   it can’t all be boiled awayi  try but i can’t let go of it   can’t let go of it,"
omg so bored   nothing is interesting me   sigh   i guess i could find some dead animal to poke with a stick 
stop looking at me!
"i'm reaching out for something, touching nothing's all i ever do   oh, i softly call you over, when you appear there's nothing left of you, aha   now the man in the back is ready to crack as he raises his hands to the sky and the girl in the corner is everyone's mourner   she could kill you with a wink of her eye!"
"i'm so hot for her, i'm so hot for her i'm so hot for her and she's so cold  i'm so hot for her, i'm on fire for her i'm so hot for her and she's so cold   i'm the burning bush, i'm the burning fire, i'm the bleeding volcano  i'm so hot for her, i'm so hot for her i'm so hot for her and she's so cold!"
"we gotta get out of this place   if it's the last thing we ever do   we gotta get out of this place   girl, there's a better life for me and you   somewhere baby, somehow i know it  -the animals "
poke!  smile 
being without you has turned out to be so inconvenient   and wishing i was with you just seems to use up all my time  you been gone so long that it's hard to recall just how the dream went   and all but this broken heart in me i guess is doing' fine  -<propfirst> <propfirst>
car is fixed!!!  now for step 2 of the secret plan   ooh did i say that out loud??  crap!
"i wanna ask you - do you ever sit and wonder, it's so strange that we could be together for so long, and never know, never care what goes on in the other one's head?  things i've felt but i've never said you said things that i never said so i'll say something that i should have said long ago: you don't know me you don't know me at all you don't know me you don't know me at all at all"
"do not go gentle into that good night, old age should burn and rave at close of day; rage, rage against the dying of the light  though wise men at their end know dark is right, because their words had forked no lightning they do not go gentle into that good night "
well i just woke up from the strangest dream i've had in some time   i went out to a bar with my dad   we had a great time drinking and talking and then went back to find the car cuz in my dream apparently alcohol doesnt make you drunk just happy   on the way back to the car we started singing a song   in my dream i didnt remember all the words but he helped me to remember by singing them 
my sexy little dirt road sport is now called mrs  davenportmy pretty little black-eyed susie’s now mrs  <propfemale> <propfirst> der hoosierosie who could blow my mind is sister <propfemale> on channel ninethe wildest lover of my life is now a federal judges wifethey don’t want to recognize this old familiar facei’m just a bad reminder of their wild and woolly days  all my old flames have new names 
just got done watching startrek and i have never both enjoyed and hated a movie at the same time   the special effects were amazing and the acting and character development were incredible  but j j  if i see you on the street i will kick u in your change the history of all startrek and invalidate the fundamental history i enjoyed as a kid junk   be warned 
"when everything feels all over  when everybody seems unkind  i'll give you a four-leaf clover  take all the worry out of your mind  let my love open the door  let my love open the door  let my love open the door to your heart  i have the only key to your heart  i can stop you falling apart  try today, you'll find this way  come on and give me a <propmale> to say let my love open the door-pete townsend"
"if god had wanted me otherwise, he would have created me otherwise  ~johann <propmale> goethe"
"oo my little pretty one, pretty one   when you gonna give me some time, sharona?  oo you make my motor run, my motor run   gun it coming off of the line, sharona   never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind "
in the middle of the night   i go walking in my sleep   through the valley of fear   to a river so deep   i've been searching for something   taken out of my soul   something i'd never lose   something somebody stole   i don't know why i go walking at night   but now i'm tired and i don't want to walk anymore   i hope it doesn't take the rest of my life   until i find what it is i've been looking for 
"you just slip out the back, <propfirst>   make a new plan, <propmale>  you don't need to be <propmale>, <propfirst>   just get yourself free   hop on the bus, <propmale>  you don't need to discuss much   just drop off the key, <propfirst>, and get yourself free "
this killin time is killin me   drinking myself blind thinkin i wont see   that if i cross that line and they bury me   i just might find ill be killin time for eternity 
i'm sure you'll have some cosmic rationale   but here you are with your faith and your <propfirst> pan advice   you have no scars on your face and you cannot handle pressure 
and she'll promise you more than the garden of <propfemale>   then she'll carelessly cut you and laugh while you're bleedin   but she'll bring out the best and the worst you can be   blame it all on yourself cause she's always a woman to me 
i do not regret the things i've done but those i did not do 
"and all the roads we have to walk are winding  and all the lights that lead us there are blinding   there are many things that i would like to say to you, but i don't know how"
"i'm not surprised   not everything lasts   have broken my heart so many times, i stopped keepin track   talk myself in   i talk myself out   i get all worked up   then i let myself down  ~michael buble, haven't met you yet"
ugh so close to having the exercise  retro gaming room in the basement set up   now if only i had friends who like to play atari and nintendo or a work out <propmale>   =}  anyone out there got a bright orange shag carpet for the floor?
"i don't know how to get her off my mind but give me time, and i'll think of something   i can't say today that i'm alright but by tonight, i'll think of something   i'll find so many things to do that i won't have the time to think of her and then if she's still on my mind i'll try to drink enough to drown the hurt and if that dont work, i'll think of something ~mark chestnutt"
makin spaghetti   anyone hungry?
"well i went down to the grundy county auction   where i saw something i just had to have   my mind told me i should proceed with caution   but my heart said, \go ahead an' make a bid on that!\"""""
"looking back at those years it seemed they had passed as days  the joys and the tragedies had yet to shape my mind to view life as i do now  today they seem blurred, so many days having run together to make the individual details of any particular day too difficult to differentiate from another  i remember some specific e playful eriences but can not tell when they happened or whether they occurred on a monday or tuesday "
filled out another dozen plus applications   i really hate job hunting   i can't seem to find anyone hiring for dictator for life     sigh    
"\my fear is unbound and limitless but so is my curiousity and <propfemale> to e playful lore \"""""
and now i'm glad i didn't know   the way it all would end the way it all would go   our lives are better left to <propmale>   i could have missed the pain   but i'd have had to miss the dance  ~garth <propmale>
"i don't want to fake it   i just want to make it   the ornaments look pretty, but they're pulling down the branches of the tree  ~cake"
"cuz it's a bittersweet symphony this life   try to make ends meet, youre a slave to the money then you die     no change i can change i can change     "
you got me begging you for mercy   why won't you release me   you got me begging you for mercy  why won't you release me   i said release me 
"when i was younger, so much younger than today, i never needed anybody's help in anyway   but now these days are gone, i'm not so self assured   now i find i've changed my mind, i've opened up the doors "
life is very short and theres no time for fussing and fighting my friend   i have always thought that it is a crime so i will ask you once again   try to see it my way   only time will tell if i'm right or wrong 
"well, i keep on thinkin' 'bout you, sister <propfemale> hair surprise   and i just can't live without you; can't you see it in my eyes? i've been one poor correspondent, and i've been too, too hard to find, but it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind "
"close your eyes and i'll kiss you, tomorrow i'll miss you; remember i'll always be true   and then while i'm away,  i'll write home ev'ry day, and i'll send all my loving to you ~the beatles"
sigh   look <propfemale> more snow   im still waiting for that flame-thrower!!!
going to michigan tomorrow!  yay!
setting up my first salt-water aquarium   i hope it works! lol 
"cause there's a monster living under my bed   whispering in my ear   there's an angel, with a hand on my head   she say i've got nothing to fear   there's a darkness living deep in my soul   i still got a purpose to serve   so let your light shine, deep into my home   god, don't let me lose my nerve   lose my nerve "
well if i was in your position   id put down all my ammunition   i'd wondered why'd it taken me so long   but lord knows that i'm not you   and if i was i wouldn't be so cruel   cause waiting on love ain't so easy to do   must i always be waiting waiting on you?  must i always be playing playing your fool?  no i cant always be waiting waiting on you   i cant always be playing playing your fool  ~jack <propmale>
"i been the right place but it must have been the wrong time   my head was in a bad place but i'm having such a good time   i been running trying to get <propmale> up in my mind, got to give myself a little talking to this time  ~dr  <propfirst>"
"oh, don't you worry, you'll find yourself   follow your heart and nothing else   and you can do this, oh baby if you try   all that i want from you my son is to be satisfied "
"come monday, it'll be all right   come monday, i'll be holdin' you tight   i spent four lonely days in a brown l  a  haze and i just want you back by my side "
"well, sometimes i go out by myself and i look across the water   and i think of all the things, what you're doing and in my head i paint a picture "
"she's got wonderful eyes and a risque mouth   and when i ask her before, she said she's holding out   she's a frozen fire   she's my one <propfemale> "
my hands are sweaty and my knees are weak   i can't eat and i can't sleep   it's turning me every way but loose   
are you alone?  can you talk to an old friend? right or wrong i had to hear your voice again 
new job starts tonight!  i dunno about this 3rd shift thing   sigh  yay  sigh 
"well,  i've been given a job a trained monkey with security clearance could do   oh!  also i am e playful ected not to offend anyone with the things i say or the shirts i wear  i hope i last more than a week "
oi!  stoopid truck just got here and the <propmale>  of me getting out on time just dropped by 157% sigh!  i miss my bed  *grumble*
"you know you make me wanna (shout!)  kick my heels up and (shout!)  throw my hands up and (shout!)  throw my head back and (shout!)  come on now  don't forget to say you will  don't forget to say  yeah, yeah, yeah"
"i had the craziest dream   i was with a group in front of a camera and we were getting our picture taken   everyone was just sitting there and i started singing the \henry the 8th\"" song and by the time i got to the second verse is same as the first everyone joined in   i don't know who you are dream choir but you sing real good   wink   this sleeping during the day has the strangest side effects """
"the new kid, he’s got money   the money i deserve   he’s got the goods but he’s not good for his word   i should be rolling in it   i've been a working stiff   as for the justice no one knows where it went   i’m gonna toil away   until my judgment day   i will be rewarded for the good things i did  ~old97s"
yay  i start my new job in the morning  no more 3rd shift and double the pay  woot!
tomorrow im headed to warsaw      some of the best countryside in mo i think 
so tired after working all day but i get home and my lady makes me dinner   this is the best!
finally done with my work week   one day off then back at it   sheesh      i wouldnt mind a night out!!
on a hot summer night   he wrote <propfirst> <propmale> loves <propfemale>   in letters 3 foot high   and the whole town said that the fool should have used red   but it looked good to <propfemale>   in <propfirst> deere green 
i hear the voices in my head   i swear to god it sounds like they're snoring     
does anyone out there remember reading rainbow?
"bend over let me see ya shake your tailfeather!  bend over let me see ya shake your tailfeather!  come on let me see ya shake your tailfeather!  come on let me see ya shake your tailfeather!  aaaaaaaaaaah   come on, come on baby   "
"and he said, let me tell you a secret, about a fathers love   a secret that my daddy said was just between us   he said daddies dont just love their children every now and then   it's a love without end, amen, its a love without end, amen "
oi! it's my day off and i've been doing housework all day   sheesh!  at least all the clothes are clean and my bedroom looks great   now to relax or find some trouble to get into!  > smile 
ugh!!  stoopid truck broke down in <propfemale>  ack! *thud*  waiting for the wrecker 
i can see the river crossing my path now and all i can do is sit here and laugh now  don't it make you wonder at the world 
"you can't control an independent heart   can't tear the one you love apart   forever conditioned to believe that we can't live   we can't live here and be happy with less   so many riches, so many souls   everything we see we want to possess "
i think i wanna move to saipan   hrmmm   
day off!!!!!  woot!  now to formulate secret evil plans!
i didn't do it! nobody saw me do it! you can't prove anything! > smile 
happy mothers day!
the storm is here and me without my pants  sheesh 
"you shake my nerves and you rattle my brain   too much love drives a man insane   you broke my will, oh what a thrill   goodness gracious great balls of fire!"
"i remember long ago   when the sun was shining   and all the stars were bright all through the night   in the wake of this madness, as i held you tight   so long ago "
i'm standing in your line   i do hope you have the time   i do pick a number too   i do keep a date with you 
gonna eat then fix the firebird!  woot!  smile 
accelerator cable is in!!  charging the battery now  smile 
aarrgghh battery won't charge   took it to autozone and they will attempt to fix it    grrrrr!
it's alive!!!  woot!
"ugh today sucked!  my stoopid debit card wouldnt work and i almost ran out of gas and then 10 seconds after my low fuel light came on, one of my rear tires e playful loded!!!!!  at least now im home!"
grrr!  satans cell phone strikes again!!!  chances are if i had your number before i don't now!  if you get a <propmale> text me so i can put you back in! ack! *thud*
grrrr!!!!!  hulk smash!!!!!!
"i can't always be waiting, waiting on you   i can't always be playing, playing the fool   "
i think she's pretty  i think she's smart  i like her nerve and i love her heart   
it looks like you've seen one up close 
"where they wear their clothes too tight and their hair is dyed   too much lipstick, too much rouge, gets me excited!  leaves me feelin' confused!"
"now you know   yeah you got my back against the wall   oh god!  i ain't got no other place to hide   chained down   like a sittin’ duck just waitin’ for the fall   you know, yeah you got my back against the wall "
there are stars in the southern sky and if ever you decide you should go   there is a taste of time sweeter then <propfemale> down the seven bridges road 
so she fills up her sails with my wasted breath   and each one's more wasted than the other you can bet   on <propfemale> road 
looking forward to grilling out and drinking 
today is that day!  sigh 
"can i get another amen?  there's a flag wrapped around a score of men   a gag, a plastic bag on a monument "
hot day is good for cold sushi and iced tea   smile 
i know where im goin' dontchoo wanna come too?  i got my reservation and i got one for you   i know why im singin'  dontchoo wanna sing too?
"sigh      busy day of yard work     mowed lawn, trimmed trees, <propmale> flower boxes on the rail, and did some housework!  ack! *thud*  check please!"
its the weekend finally!  i worked all week and now i wanna play!! who's with me?!!!!  smile 
got a truck today     just have to get it all legal now!! yay!!
sigh
"\i was walking with the ghost   out of my mind \"""""
and now my life has changed in oh so many ways   my independence seems to vanish in the haze   but every now and then i feel so insecure   i know that i just need you like i never did before  ~the beatles   happy fathers day dad!  i miss you!
went to the cemetery today   the caretaker is gonna think i'm nuts   i left a coke and a nutty bar on dad's headstone      i really am so thankful that when i miss him i can put on one of his cd's and hear his voice 
sigh  spending the day alone  at least i get to have sushi for lunch  yay!
got a puppy today!  her name is <propfemale> and she is the cutest schnoodle ever!  she and <propfemale> are becoming fast friends   smile 
i see with green eyes   i hear whats not said   i wish i could stop believing in red 
i'm stuck at work and i wanna be home playing with the doggies  sigh  ps  wemen r evil  sigh 
"it's been 2 years now  it's hard to believe really, somedays it seems like yesterday and others a lifetime ago  i miss you dad and i always will  i spent a lot of time today lost in thought about growing up and listening to one of dad's cd's   and for dinner had brats but no milwaukee's best   wink "
rain let up long enough for us to let loose with fireworks  the neighbors even watched it was kinda cool 
"\was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort of sun-god robes on a pyramid with a thousand naked women screaming and throwing little pickles at you?\"""""
can't wait for this weekend!!  having my very own bing crosby movie marathon  don't fret if you don't know who he is kids   wink 
just got my book i've been waiting for!!  just call me lucky  signed by bing himself!!  woot!
at the zoo with my baby!!!!  woot!
ugh  stoopid truck isn't working and now i'm sitting at the service shop when i should be working  sigh 
sigh!
but it was not your fault but mine   and it was your heart on the line   i really f#@%d it up this time  didn't i my dear?  didn't i my dear? ~mumford and sons
waiting to see what she looks like and i bet she'll look beautiful!!
"baby, (you can leave your hat on)  you can leave your hat on "
the answer is:  shoot everybody and smoke some cigarettes 
"so my grandma, who was untill she said this the most conservative woman i ever met,  said to me in front of my gf     it doesnt matter if i have kids before i get married   apparently its a family tradition or something   sheesh   "
would you go with me if we were lost in fields of clover?  would we walk even closer until the trip was over?  and would it be okay if i didn't know the way?
having one of those days where im just angry at the world   sigh   
woof!
"it's not easy being green, spending life the color of the leaves "
need food     sigh    stupid food
"i can see the river crossing my path now   all i can do is sit here and laugh now   don't it make you wonder at the world, what its coming to   you know i sit and wonder at the world and then i dream of you  ~richard <propfirst> <propmale>"
"i fell into a burning ring of fire   i went down, down, down, and the flames lept higher and it burns, burns, burns, the ring of fire   "
"smooth like peanut butter, like chunky peanut butter     sigh "
"and now my life has changed in oh so many ways, my independence seems to vanish in the haze   but every now and then i feel so insecure, i know that i just need you like, i've never done before "
grrrrrrrr!  i hate waiting!
roomie has his own place now   it was fun having him here but it is really nice to have my own space   turned the second bedroom into an office and i love it!
you take the thousand on the right and i'll take the thousand on the left! ~ <propmale> quartermain
when the beating of your heart echos the beating of the drum   
learn from your mother or else spend your days biting your own neck   ~little lion man
3 days till gf's birthday and i havent got her a present yet!!!  omg im going to bad bf hell     sigh    
tomorrow is d-day!  sigh   d is for dentist      can't wait to eat all my food thru a straw     *grumble* ack! *thud*
33 in 3 days  i don't feel like i've been around that long but here i am  well back to work i guess 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!   smile 
shut up!  hush your mouth   can't you hear you talk too loud!  no i can't hear nuthin cuz i got my head up in the clouds!
"in these bodies we will live, in these bodies we will die   where you invest your love you invest your life "
so today was one of the worst in a long time   took the firebird to work and it broke down   tierod or some such   then towed back to the house and took the truck after calling work to tell them id be late   truck broke down and then had to get towed to shop   shop called truck is done for  d e d   dead   sigh      frack      sigh   somebody up there is really pissed at me 
"going up to see my grandparents, aunt, and great uncle with <propfirst>   its going to be a good day   wink "
put up christmas tree with <propfirst>!  now to relax for the evening!  smile 
i need a minion!  now accepting applications 
"there will come a time, you will see  when love will not break your heart and dismiss your fears  get over your hill and see what you find there  with grace in your hand and flowers in your hair "
<propfemale> christmas to all of you in facebook friend land!
first night in a long time spending alone   sigh    i miss my kris  sigh  sad 
home! let me go home! home is whenever i'm with you   home! let me come home   home is wherever i'm alone with you  ~edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros
"4 days down, just one to go   its going to be a long night  sigh!"
well today was not my best day ever   my work truck caught on fire while i was driving it and i had to watch the fire dept  put the fire out because 3 fire extinguisers wernt enough   then i got to wait for almost 4 hours for a tow truck and a rental truck so i could finish my day   i should have called in sick   sigh 
it took me 4 hours and 15 minutes to get home from work today   this city needs to get its shit together with how to handle a snow storm   the only road that had been plowed on my way home was wornall rd and only from 85th st south     freekin hell 
home from work today due to an accident at work yesterday   i slipped and fell on the ice    sigh    hurt my back   this sucks!
had a tooth pulled today   yikes i forgot how much it hurts   thankfully i have a very understanding gf who understands the healing power of chinese food  hot and sour soup!
there is constant construction noise now coming from down the street   it's supposed to last till winter   freakin hell itll be peaceful around here!  sigh 
if you ain't got problems i feel for bad for you son   i got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one   99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
"sick for days, so many ways\i'm achin' now, achin' now\it's times like these i need relief\please show me how, oh show me how\to get right, yeah it's outta sight  ~the black keys"
"it's difficult for me to share real feelings on this faceless facebook   it's easier when theres something i'm angry about or annoyed but today i'm truely sad   i got home from work to find that <propmale>, the rott i inherited from my dad and one of my best friends for the last 2 years and 9 months couldn't even walk by himself "
