45cb6025b7517e60c2d0b9ff93626be1
"water so clear you can see to the bottom, hundred thousand dollar car anybody got 'em"
fna
trouche
(615): arkansas has a gas station called <propfemale> and go    story of my life
what are you thinking <propfemale>? <propfirst> better be the next bachelor and i better be on the show   
"when i was in college i used to get wicked hammered  my nickname was puke  i would chug a fifth of socos, sneak into a frat party, polish off a few people's empties, some brewskies, some jell-o shots, do some body shots off myself, pass out, wake up the n"
wow worst outfits in bachelor history    good work <propmale>
missed my flight  sad 
it's july and it's pretty chilly    i think <propmale> gore was wrong   
addicted to mobsters    join my mob?
wtf <propfemale>! ahh!
why can't a heterosexual guy tell a heterosexual guy that he thinks his booty is fly
what's wrong with the world today: missed connections on craigslist    who are you people?
lost my phone  sad 
"back to school, back to school   "
(734): tbs has betrayed me by telling me <propfirst> <propfirst> is funny
getting my tailgate on    go hawks!!!
http annoyed  myparentsjoinedfacebook com
"if it has sugar in it, it's not a real shot"
i used to be lovedrunk but now i'm hungover
"the word is fight, fight fight for iowa"
hawkeye state
"yelling during a speech is never appropriate (remember when president bush was booed and hissed at during his state of the union address to the nation? i guess not   ) but racist? really??? get a clue, people   "
glee!
"(405): i would give my right arm to go back to college  or maybe not  would be kinda hard to pick up guys with one arm  then again, knowin what i do now   i could take any freshman bitch with only one arm "
(215): it was my birthday today and i decided that i am not checking my notifications on facebook so ill feel popular (610): wrong number and your a loser
(502): all my problems are solved  i just got mcdonalds and scratch off lottery tickets 
"<propmale>, please!"
(440): just dunked an oreo in a white russian  trying to think of a better e playful erience in my life and failing 
go hawks!!!!
jury duty  smile 
(027): i'm half bulimic - i binge but forget to purge
get me the heck out of this class so i can watch the twins   
iowa city-bound and down   
holy snow in iowa city    go hawks!!!
"if the salad comes on top, i send it back "
on iowa!
    until the game is won! 7-0!
(320): im sure we could have fun without alcohol but i just dont wanna <propmale> it   
 surprise   my team is better than your team 
yeah i broke my phone
if you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it   
don't stop believing  9-0 
i hope today showed all the fans how valuable stanzi is to the success of the team    stop hating on him! go hawkeyes! still #1 in the big ten   
(850): <propfirst> kapowski is pregnant and it's not zach <propmale>'  i no longer believe in true love 
god bless the troops! thank you!
you put up a good fight hawkeyes!
really 104 1? christmas music all day starting now? really?
"(541): for a minute i thought i needed to put on pants to go get a burrito, but then i remembered i'm in college"
thankful for everything  love my life 
(91 smile : i guess i finally out drove tiger woods this morning  
(719): just saw a guy from kansas and a guy from nebraska arguing over who had less of an accent  god bless the midwest 
wish i was going to country night tonight  sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wubb1lold6k&feature=related
(440): by getting ready i mean putting baby powder in my hair and possibly changing my pajamas to another pair of pajamas
"i feel it in my fingers, i feel it in my toes"
if you are a chinese food restaurant and you don't deliver on nye you are dead to me 
at least the hawks won
somehow i don't feel like posting the color of the bra i was wearing in my profile picture    
<propmale> holt
is it friday yet?
is west-bound and down
"\massachusetts is choosing freedom \"" -bgk"""
party sharty  it's official 
go vikes!
"why do we go dancing in circles, when we know it never ends? we come so close to loving each other and then    we go dancing in circles again "
happy birthday to my best friend! guzzle guzzle guzzle   
gonna get my beer on    get my lost on   
like the colts but bet on the saints    hope it's a close game!
i hate you new facebook!
oh the things i would do for some mesa pizza right now   
ugh monday
"\iowa city is the vegas of iowa \"" - nabilah irshad"""
bad day  i blame drake law school 
and another bachelor makes the wrong choice    why do i even watch this show?
"was the hurt locker the best movie i saw this year? no, but it was better than avatar    thank you, academy "
go big ten!
yay hawks! #1!
rock chalk     panthers? i thiiiiink so!
go big ten!
hey obama: you were wrong about kansas and you are wrong about healthcare
so much for marrying a doctor   
"i just figured, why make something disposable like a building, when i could make something that lasts forever, like a greeting card "
yay spartans! go green!
<propfirst> baruchel
spartans!
fair tax? seems like a good idea to me   
butler
"it was a great fight, bulldogs  and yes, <propmale> stevens, i still want to marry you "
young professionals for branstad kickoff event 6-9pm tonight at court ave brewery! please come if you can!
i'd rather drink tea than kool-aid   
saw hot tub time machine  wish i could go back in time and get my money and two hours i wasted on this movie back   
<propmale> ochocinco is the only reason i watch dancing with the stars 
(850): i cant wait for your democrat phase to be over 
hawkeyes
two all beef patties special sauce lettuce cheese pickles onions on a sesame seed bun
"hopes \approximately 25 pages\"" means 22 pages   """
watching the blindside (aka studying for elder law)
cinco i need a drinko
happy mother's day! especially to my mom! she is the best and i don't know what i would do without her!
iowa city bound and down
nothing sweeter than summertime   
praying for the irshad family 
target field  go twins!
lost it
if i don't find a way to watch the biggest loser finale online something very bad is going to happen
newt gingrich is bananas  b-a-n-a-n-a-s 
"dear nbc,\biggest loser finale aired two days ago  the episode is no where to be found online  i can't even buy it  you are officially the worst network ever "
poolside bia bia
"\poolside is the best side\"" - ns"""
"happy father's day! especially to my dad! he is the best, funniest dad ever!  smile "
day 3 of the craziest tennis match ever! unreal!
would totally marry <propfirst> isner
hyvee chicken salad has changed my life
what do you pack for 95 degree weather   ?
heading to the lake  smile 
party in the city when the heat is on
oh what a night
holy drama bachelorette
"\that's my kind of sandwich: one that needs crowd control \"" - <propfirst> richman"""
"dear ali,\if you don't choose someone, i will be really pissed  you don't have to get married, but at least get engaged during the finale then break it off later like every other bachelorette  \ps get a stylist "
diet a&w root beer
"iowa state fair, sugarland and a pickledog  life is good today "
great turnout for the young polk county i-club event! thanks to everyone to came!  smile 
my friends call me <propfemale>
omg i love jersey shore
"i wish i were in garrison, mn  sad "
happy 17th birthday tootsie!  smile 
1  congrats modern family! 2  <propfirst> c  hall was robbed 
i-o-w-a! is it saturday yet?
"\i came out of the womb as a lil baby guzzler \"" -nabilah <propfemale>"""
love <propfirst> isner
beat state week
ic bound and down
"i usually hate mondays, but beating iowa state makes this monday e playful onentially better   "
acai-blueberry-pomegranate vitamin water zero = worst drink ever  sad 
"gym, tanning, laundry     hawks!"
still love the hawks
i live for the weekends  is it friday yet?
i want mesa pizza in my mouth
every day is the best  day  ever  love my life 
thanks to all my wonderful friends for the most amazing weekend ever! love you all!
anyone available to volunteer at the event for justice alito tomorrow from 3-4?? i will buy you lunch     smile 
who is free from 3-4 tomorrow and would like to see supreme court justice alito speak? all you have to do is volunteer     smile 
omg the social network has a 98 on rt omg omg omg can't wait to see it omg
i-o-w-a
"dear iowa city,\\you never disappoint me  i miss you already  see you in two days  \\love, aj"
reno 911 in crim pro? best class ever  thank god mccord discoverd youtube this year
my sister is the best! she got me so many goodies at the store! i will be better in no time!  smile 
social network  totally worth the wait 
hawkeyes!!!
love the hawkeyes! congrats to texas! come on badgers!!!
excited for wisconsin! but they won't be as lucky next week   
<propfirst>  posner 
hawks 
heartbroken  but i still love the hawks 
voter fraud is messed up  and unamerican  just sayyin 
remember that time that iowa beat undefeated michigan state 37-6? gosh that was a fun day
waiting for superman  do yourself a favor a see it 
"the most liberal city beat the most conservative city in baseball  it's ok, we'll get our revenge today at the polls  tfm"
election party  be here or be a lib 
"\losing is not an option \"" - <propmale> culver """
hate chick flicks but i really want to see love & other drugs  i blame <propmale> gyllenhaal 
bloomington-bound and down  go hawks!
the hoosiers should be embarrassed; not because they are bad at football but because their coach is a douche 
"this morning ac slater got a wrestling scholarship at university of iowa, \the best wrestling team in the country \"" even tbs is jacked for the iowa wrestling season """
calling all 3ls from section 300: register for belize dance marathon today online!!! stop by the table for help or questions! https annoyed  secure getmeregistered com get_information php?event_id=4054
"omg sign up for belize dance marathon  like whoa  \\https annoyed  secure getmeregistered com get_information php?event_id=4054"
hawkshawkshawkshawkshawkshawks
zombieland  rule #17: <propmale> is my hero 
"can't find my phone  standard, but not surprising "
thankful for so much
minnesota bound and down  go hawks!
skipped <propfirst> poppins to study  i don't even know myself anymore
<propmale> brands is the man
the snowy football game looks so fun!
if mcdonalds delivered i wouldn't have left the house all day
crim pro like whoa  #nosenseofurgency #ineedadrink
omg my sister is engaged! sooo excited! love you moogs!
two days away from getting scabbed out and becoming guzzler certified 
probably lost my phone  just sayyin 
"fabio, you look like <propfirst> hanson  im interested in that  call me "
it's not a christmas unless it's a hanson christmas
hawkshawkshawkshawkshawks i still love ya  let's show the tigers what's up 
"if you doubted iowa today, don't talk to me  hawks ftw "
the firm encourages children 
cheers to the future of the great state of iowa
social network  ftw 
nutty banana blizzard  omg  omg  omg 
first wednesday back from break? college night at <propfirst>'s is a must!
this guy federer is playing has some short shorts  and #ilikeit
"\if i want to have a beer i'm gonna have one  this isn't law school; it's a t-shirt shop \""  - snooki"""
death becomes me
i legitimately believe mcdonalds makes me a better person  #eatmyfeelings
"future faces 2011, check  engagement to <propmale> wicks, pending but extremely likely  #somethingwomenlikeaboutapickupman"
iowa city guzzling birthday party sharty bound and down
hawks!!! holy cow!!!
cheese > rape  go pack go
really want to see <propfirst> bieber's new movie  just saying 
great game badgers
kite night! it is 5 yet?
"when i was 10, i wanted to be a lawyer just like elle woods  now i just want to marry one  tsm "
does this tuesday make me look fat?
