75cffa51d3d86edf79716e02700ee34c
happy thanksgiving to all!!!
trying to make a movie looking for cast members and help!?!?
trying to find actors for an upcoming film project please message me if you want to help or join
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight
happy new year!!!!!!
its my bday
to all my friends going this is just a reminder that my birthday party is tonight at 5 at the 3d arcade outside of the mall also its a costume party so if you want you can dress up bbut its not a must     p s  you are also allowed to bring a guest  smile 
computer broke ekkkkkk
just got to school
new computer!!!!     again lol   
just got home got my hair dyed and cut the stupid stylist cut it to short though grr hopefully it still looks good though *fingers crossed*
just added new pics of me somment them  smile 
finnally got new pics on my comp
looking for help for making a costume for the convention message me if can  smile 
happy easter
well of to college soon yay   fun lol
anyone got anything they would like to donate to my visual oshare costume please pm me before sunday thanks a bunch
you wake up everyday e playful ecting to see the sunrise and go about your business i wake up everyday shouting for joy as i see the gleaming rays of light that bring life to this amazing world taking gratitude im still here  smile 
long day ahead so ttyl tommorow everybody
alright in a hurry pm me if can help with ride to convention me and jenn have no way to get there tell late please help!!!!
well message me if can give a ride ill see in morning remember were in rosedale near almondale park
had a blast at the convention met so many old friends and now i am so tired lol!! well hope everyone had fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wishing i could help her   god give me the strength to know what to do    
well goodnight everyone hope evryone is doing well
listening to owl city oh so much do i relate to thoughs songs
got back from long weekend need rest - - zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz    etc 
man this is great finally get a manga ready to be published and the publisher stops selling  in <propfemale> why <propfemale> press why ????
well got a haircut today super super short i dont even look like myself anymore eeep lol
happy fourth of july everyone!
just got back from bike ride   sent in manga to a publisher finnally living my dream  smile 
looking for help with inking comic pages would anyone be interested??
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia mauhahaha!!!!!! lol
tired worn out and hurting lol i have had a full weekend lol
"memories\game-here's the rules- think fast! then leave one memory you & i\had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot \anything you remember! don't leave a message, post it as a comment \next, repost this on your status & see how many people leave    \memories about you  smile "
wow its friday already wondering if anyone wants to hangout this weekend?
today has become my mongoose day mauhahahaha!!!!
long day of working around the house and yard      tired but worth it to help out  smile 
good morning everyone hope everyone has a wonderful day
just ran around in water with my family had a blast  smile 
going to church tonight hopefully to meet some new people and just enjoy the christian surrounding
a friend isnt only a person you go to when your happy and joyful but is a person who will be honest with you and help you when you need it
looking forward to sunday hope everything will go well
well people i enetere a <propmale> contest on facebook so i hope everyone will vote   voting st<propmale>s the 10th of august so yeah vote vote vote vote vote lol  smile 
"\forgiveness is not something you give to someone because you feel you have no choice  its when you forget what they have done to hurt you and love them anyway\"" \",75cffa51d3d86edf79716e02700ee34c,"hey everyone if they could would you please head to the veoh <propfemale> on facebook and vote for my entry ,danzu chaos, as well as jenns entry, stages of bri, it would be greatly appriciated"
"hey everyone if they could would you please head to the veoh <propfemale> on facebook and vote for my entry ,danzu chaos, as well as jenns entry, stages of bre, it would be greatly appriciated"
"so far im in third on the contest at least last i checked if everyone could do me a favor and vote for me on veoh (the <propmale> contest) i would be greatly appriciative  thanks  smile \\p s  vote for jenn too she worked really hard as well"
hope everyone has a good day today  smile 
everyone have a good first day at school  smile  god bless you
done with college for the day  waiting for <propfemale> to get out so we can go home  im so exhausted  annoyed 
at college waiting for jenn to get done with her class so we could go to the next class fun    
so tired from long walk ugg    can't beleive its going to be 106 today and me and jenn have tennis  annoyed  !!!
stuck in the 5 and a half hour period between my classes > >
so im throughing a party for jenn tommorow at 3 at almondale park its going to be a barbeq and stuff so come please everyone  itll mean alot to jenn to see all her friends are there  its her 19th be day!
so happy to be with jenn on this 19th year of her life! i love you jenn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
come on peeps its jenns beday come join us at almondale park today for a fun bbq!!
another school week has started
feeling sick blehhh   
today has been the worst day i have had in queit awhile
tired as heck but still looking forward to the day laid out befroe me
realizing i have a problem vocally speaking in a library eepp to long was it drilled into my head to be quiet in libraries  annoyed 
been a long day!!! hoping i dont have a day like this again for a long time!!!
tired need sleep lol
been having a great weekend  smile  love my <propfemale> <propfemale>  smile 
tennis+eating to fast= sick x x
meow meow meow meow meow meow       rada
tired but looking forward to fun with friends tommorow
hey please all pray for jenn and my brother there going down to the beach on a college trip where they will be in fellowship with others learning about god 
i ran into 2 people i never ever thought id see again
for 24 hours you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) i will answer it no matter what you have my full honesty  i dare you to put this in your status and see what people ask you
"43 “you have heard that it was said, ‘you shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy ’ 44 but i say to you, love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you, 45 that you may be sons of your father in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust "
"46 for if you love those who love you, what reward have you? do not even the tax collectors do the same? 47 and if you greet your brethren only, what do you do more than others? do not even the tax collectors do so? 48 therefore you shall be perfect, just as your father in heaven is perfect \(<propfirst> 43-4 smile \\isnt this just beautiful?"
person a: meow    peron b: what? a: meow meow meow b: what the heck?!?!?! a: meow!!!!!!!!!!!!!     rada b: (runs away as fast as possible)
love   it truly is the awnser to all the problems of this world  love   
dinosaur: what do you mean my meat isnt good enough for you??? man: well heres the thing your extinct! your all bones!! dinosaur: sure and your a human (in sarcastic tone) man:      
my imagination is taking control!!!!!!!!!!!! i just saw a fuzzy brown rhino walking outside the cafeterria window!!!!!!  annoyed 
ring if anyone would be able to give me and jenn rides to bc tommorow messege me
so at school just got donewith jap  class but wont be leaving tell around 8 30 because of ride ugg    
bc is cold tonight very very cold
hurt my ribs and back yesterday uggg i feel like im 50
"so the class was canceled 30 minutes before it started ,funn, me and jenn were at school for an extra 7 hours for no good reason   "
rawr boredom >   >
arrarrgggg now i cant stand the avatar's creator he blatantly ripped off a great artist literally stealing every design from him look up <propmale> <propfirst> and avatar and youll see what i mean
so its morning again where in the world did night go uggg good morning all
so extremely tired from school luckly today is the last day of school for the week
hows this for a night i get lost on the way home from bre chans (a path ive taken a least a hundred times before) then i get stopped by the police and have helicopter spot light on me
feels like i caught a cold (either that or bad bad alergies) going to get some rest goodnight all
tired but cant go to sleep yet   
so tired been a long day though really looking forward to tommorow  laugh 
happy halloween!
so i hit my head pretty hard a couple of days ago and its pretty scratched and cut up as a whole though im good hope everyone else out there is doing well too 
<propfemale> christmas everyone just got back in town last night from simi valley area hope you all had a great day yesterday
good morning all how is everyone
wow so tired at the same time i dont want to sleep  annoyed 
have a goodnight everyone  smile 
i am a weirdo       annoyed 
"so hopefully ill see alot of you guys this saturday for my birthday \have a good night all"
 love 
 love  <propfemale> vazquez
so im having my 20 th birthday party this weekend and hope to see alot of you there
i have a platapus for a brain
man i cant believe im 20 now thanks all for the birthday wishes yesterday really appriciate it
it is quite boring on these nights where i just sit at school but at least jenn wont have to ride the bus alone thats the important part  smile 
if you are being bombarded by messages by me or comments please be aware this is due to the lack of things to do besides sitting here bored at college
= surprise {p     if you look real close its a face   
"and this is epic \||????\????\?(o)? …?\?????"
last day of college for the week yay! lol  annoyed 
time to travel across campus will be back on in a minute or so
it is finally the weekend     yay i guess lol
its been a good day  smile  hope everyone else out there had a good day as well  laugh 
playing boogie superstar with <propfemale> vazquez and gaby  smile 
i have no idea whats going to hapen today but im looking forward to it either way  smile 
just dyed my hair black will post pictures later
just had pizza yum  smile 
ack im up early again and on  day i can finally sleep in  annoyed 
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
off to school now  annoyed  wont get there tell 11 ehhh    
really wishing i could just go home not feeling well   
good morning everyone!!
good morning everyone mesage me if you want  laugh 
have had a wonderful day and hope everyone else has had one as well  laugh  peace and love all
at school sitting here tell 2! lol oh well hope everyone has a good day  smile 
uggg so tired!!!!  annoyed  hopefully me and jenn both can get some good sleep tonight
good night everyone!!!!!
wow up early today and actually feeling pretty good  laugh 
have a goodnight all loves  smile 
at school waiting for jenn to get out of class had a great day and for the most part the last few days  i love you jenn and i love my friends you all are great!!!
"last night was so fun! i hit a fire hydrante and had my bike land on tope of me and was in the street luckly there was no cars passing and jenn helped me out, my computer screent hough is now extremely cracked  sad "
tired been long day hope everyone has a good night loves  love 
long day already doing the lawn but hey least me and jenn get a bike out of it which is great  laugh 
had a great day <propfemale> out with a great friend for the first time in awhile (<propfemale> miller) and btw i love you jenn!!!!! love you friends!!!
i love the lord i love my fiance i love my friends and i love my family!  love 
have a goodnight everybody!!!
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one person on fb has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you before my father at the gates of heaven  (mat 10 smile 3) this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  just copy and paste     no shame here"
git drop kicked by a squirrel today   yes really   
"if anyone got a message from me  in chat \just now dont click it its spam  annoyed "
aggggg school can be so boring some days  annoyed 
