55467874c96a7b6251d12dacf9f6785a
wants to be done being sick      
happy halloween to all!!!! dont party to hard now!!!
not ready for class tomorrow  :  
loves to watch football  laugh 
looking for  new place to live    
bored out of my mind    
happy new year everyone!!!!
"why the hell am i still up at 5 in the morning lol, o ya now i remember playing risk     "
gah last day in minnesota      damn
i fly back to boise tomorrow!!! damn it i will miss everyone here in minnesota!!
bored out of my mind     
blah class starts up again tomorrow        
go vikings!!!
whoot go saints way to go!!!!
hope everyone is having a happy valentines day
me want football back on now!!!
making breakfast in the afternoon!!!! whoot
got to love the bacardi!!
just got back from having lunch with my aunt and uncle at tgi fridays        so good!!! thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!
just got back from getting a haircut     
wants it to be summer already!!!
cant wait things are starting to look up for me!!!! hurry up summer!!!
blah just blah
got to love muse!!!!
snowing in boise      well looks like shorts weather to me  playful 
"went and saw clash of the titans and then went go kart racing     all i can say is, what a good day  laugh "
happy easter everyone!!!
was looking for for my tools and instead i found my old year book from my senior year      man the good old days
there is a fine line between not caring and not listening  i like to believe that i walk that line everyday of my life    
being sick sucks    
trip to the er sucks       there for hours and hours and didnt get any answers    
blarg just blarg   
off to utah whoot!!
just got back from utah     long drive but it was worth it!!!!
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear    while you humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's    a man stealing smiles from her   \ post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"""
fear my mediocrity!!!
roommate gone       well i guess its time for a batman all nighter!!!! whooot!!!
in california  laugh 
just got home from california!!!! long ass drive     
going over to the aunts and uncles place tomorrow  laugh 
had a great day chilling with the family!!! what more can you ask for??
whooot going to visit minnesota in august!!!! whooot!!!
had a good time with the family!! congrats to thiriza and <propmale>!!!
all i have to say is germany will own tomorrow  laugh 
yes germany wins 4-0!!! bring it on spain!!
happy 4th everyone!!!
lost the phone      crap!!!
so my uncle wants spain to win       well then i guess its go netherlands!!!!
"kif, i'm feeling the captain's itch "
"kif, i mated with this women  inform the men "
whooot watching the dogs  laugh 
must get some sleep     
10hrs till i turn 22 whoot!!!
3hrs till i turn 22 whooot!!!
whooot im 22!!
thank you all who wished me a happy birthday!!!  laugh 
had so much snow crab today!!!! so good!!!  laugh 
going to blackfoot to go shooting 
good day shooting with my <propmale> <propfirst>!
pawn stars make me want to go to a pawn shop lol!
stuck in blackfoot      
finally on my way back to boise     
missing my mommy!!!! o and my sister        and <propfirst>!!!!
"ok so i miss my mom, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> all equally   there!!!! you all happy now!  laugh "
for some reason i would like a potato      
"just locked myself out of my place and the main office is closed, but it's all good i got my itouch and i'm still in range of my wireless internet  laugh "
good day up in the mountains by idaho city
nothing better then home made pizza yummy!!!
whoot bsu is crushing vt
wtf bsu pull your head out of your ass!!!!!
wow so close        well better luck next time vt  playful 
boise state in the bcs championship game         i think thats a hell ya!!!
stressed beyond belief     
beware minnesota i will be on my way in 6 hours!!!
ogden down
sleeping in casper wyoming the about 9ish hours till i get to minnesota   
thanks to everyone that came to my little party!! thanks again to steph and <propmale> and my mother and <propfemale> and everyone who help put the party together it was a blast!!!
had a good day chilling with some friends!!
headache from hell!
just got back from the cities      time for a nap!
going to get my certification for a nursing assistant! well going to sign up for the classes monday!
bored watching ice road truckers lol
"they need to do new episodes of \whose line is it anyway\"" lol"""
loves my nephew <propfirst>!! he's a stud  laugh 
bored watching mythbusters and wants to chill but am tired to do anything
bored and tired cuz no one wants to chill      eh i guess i will just watch tv and play some sc2
hard to sleep when there is a jackass marathon on lol
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper \softlyin her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a \man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you \hurtyour woman, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while\       you make your woman cry, there's a man stealing    her smiles  \post this onyour wall if you're against domestic violence "
at the doctors with mother      
going looking at a new place with <propfirst> at 3
work in an hour blah!!!
bummer didnt get the place it was a nice house but o well there will be some more nice ones later    
fun time helping grandma with the flowers lol
"every\ person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i\ know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my \friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for\ an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still \fighting it"
wtf favre is sucking it up!! 2 picks back to back   
had a good halloween with my family and <propfirst>
pulled over doing 52 in a 40     my bad  but got out with just a warning cuz i was the dd
really want someone to love me for me and not to try changing me into something i'm not    
got to love cooking  laugh 
jackass time lol
got to love <propmale> python  laugh 
bored out of my mind
whoot i get to watch the nephew  laugh 
alot on the mind right now    
band of the day is muse    
got my new plates for my car!!!!
just got back from taking my friend to sioux falls to see his sister in the hospital  laugh 
uh it's early     
whooot got my new phone!!!
wwii history day for me  laugh 
just got back from lunch with my grandma and it was her birthday  laugh  happy birthday grandma!!!
just a little nervous    
got to love watching ufc
argh!!! its early    
happy thanksgiving!!! hope it goes better then mine since i'm sick     
in a blah mood    
chevelle night!!! whooot
headache time whoot  sad 
i love the snow!!!!!! even though the roads suck 
needs more snow!!!!
feels like shit gah   throat is all swollen and my whole body hurts!!! thanks a lot <propfemale>
<propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh 
time for some christmas with the family!!!  wow it has been years since i had christmas over at my grandmas!!
having the flu sucks    really bad    
just got done with my first day of work  laugh 
still sick      this sucks
fucking cheese heads      o well the packers played better than the steelers  
happy valentines day!!
it is pitch black  you are likely to be eaten by a grue 
bored out of my mind!!!
tired time for some sleep!!
so sick of the snow!
more top gear pls!!!
blah tired time for sleep  laugh 
"all of us have a thousand wishes to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer!"
so bored out of my mind gah!!!
blah tomorrow going to take the minnesota written driving test    
happy st patrick's day!!!
being sick sucks!
"we are now the knights who say    \ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-ptang  zoom-boing  z'nourrwringmm"""
"we all have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish: to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is    fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour!"
hope things go good for me this next few weeks  laugh 
crabby and pissy for no reason is fun    
still feels like crap!
all the top gear is now on netflix!!! im in heaven!!
according to top gear my car is absolute rubbish! i so disagree! ps i have a 1980 datsun 280 zx
