97652b840a561c9d0a1cdc5ea042acb0
holy crap just saw a car that had flipped and obliterated a mailbox that was crazy
happy new year! hello 2011!
just finished touring my sister's house       again
just bought a new guitar : )
stressing over college auditions tomorrow : (
"college auditions went well, i think i got in : )"
just fixed the lawnmower
"have a very happy easter, everyone! : )"
"we had a full symphony orchestra in church today, it was cool : )"
just went to the thunder game : )
went cello shopping today : )
ugh ap calc mock today
i got the <propfirst>'s scholarship from the college of engineering at osu!!!! : )
no more calc tests!!! : )
got a 5 on the calc mock : )
"ap calc test in the morning and college final in the afternoon, tomorrow is going to  great   ugh"
ap calc is over!!! : )
"just got back from the iron man 2 midnight showing and i have a physics test first thing in the morning, that's going to be great"
"just finished with my grandmother's 90th birthday party, time to start cramming for ap physics"
no more ap! : )
"is worried about his grandmother, who has been in the hospital since 5 smile 0"
one day left!!!
graduation is finally here!!!!
"i got ketchup on my bluejeans, i just burned my hand   lord it's hard to be a bachelor man   i got girls that can cook, i got girls that can clean, i got girls that can do anything in between   i gotta get ready, make everything right   'cause all my rowdy friends are coming over tonight   er   this morning!"
last orchestra concert at north was awesome!!!
last orchestra banquet at north : (
on my way  to stillwater to enroll
"enrollment is done, i'm officially a cowboy : )"
"my dog is freaking out because of the thunderstorm, and her bedroom is right next to mine   so much for getting any sleep tonight"
went cello shopping today! : )
just found out what happens to a violin when it has been in an attic for 14 years
yawn   this is too early for work
"has, \i walk the line\"" stuck in his head"""
250 down 450 to go   ugh
"just found a version of \desperado\"" by <propfirst> cash"""
"rode in a <propfirst> that was up to its windshield in water, i don't know how we made it out of there without getting stuck"
is sick of crt monitors
"spent 14 hours today helping my sister move, and i have to spend the entire day tomorrow helping her move as well   ugh"
just got the audition music for orchestra next year
yes fingers finally healed!! can now play cello again : )
today was the best day of work ever!!! : )
gonna go buy my cello today!! yes!!!!
built a fence today
happy 4th of july!
why can't i find a copy of the million dollar quartet anywhere!!
"no longer do the \majestic\"" netvista's roam the halls of the <propmale> public school system  their dying breed has finally gone the way of the 300gl's into extinction """
is it wrong that 20% of the songs on my ipod are by <propfirst> cash?
off to camp cowboy! : )
"camp was a blast, but i'm home now "
"5 on ap calc and 3 on ap physics, yes!!"
"decided on the name pace for my cello, it means peace in italian"
i'm finding that my cello practice sessions are becoming increasingly short
"you build on failure  you use it as a stepping stone  close the door on the past  you don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it  you don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space  if you analyze it as you're moving forward, you'll never fall in the same trap twice "
"today was my last day of work, thank god  now i have just one more day to go through and then it's off to stillwater!!!!!! : ))))"
yes!!! moving into stillwater today!!!!!
"all moved in and settled, i love stillwater!!!"
"watching the dark knight in surround sound, so freaking awesome"
glad the audition is over
"first day of class was today, was neither good nor bad, it just was"
has the worst freaking luck on the face of the damn planet!!!
so in my chemistry lab there is another person named <propfirst> <propfirst>  what are the chances of that happening
"racquetball tennis is an incredibly fun, potentially hazardous game"
how 'bout them cowboys!!!!
i forsee problems in my chem lab   
go pokes!!!!
"one of my friends managed to convince another of my friends, not naming names here, that football players eat knives for breakfast"
"go away cold, i'm tired of feeling like crap"
i have determined that i shall go to voodoo tomorrow to see if the witch doctors can cure my cold
thanks to <propfirst> and <propfemale> for washing my laundry for me!
"my room mates are boring, they left the game in the middle of the third  : \\"
today was the worst sunday that i have ever gone through : (
12 5 hours studying in one day is a good way to turn you into a braindead monkey
was saved by my backup alarm today
"100 on the first chem test, now if i could only do that on the calc and law exams tomorrow"
"20 hours over 3 days of studying for law, and i still think i'm doomed"
"calc was a breeze, but law was terrible   i knew the answer to each of the questions but i ran out of time on the second half of the second-to-last question and the last question i had to completely rush through   so i won't be to suprised if i don't do well"
"i was in the car with some friends, and i asked if anyone wanted to come up to my room and <propfemale> ortman was all like yes!!!!!!!!!!"
is pissed
"my roommate, <propfirst>, thought <propfemale>'s last name was obsgood until just now   bahahahahahahaha"
ho di hi - hi di ho all over ho ho
got an 86 on his law essay and a 90 on his law test!!!!  : )
"one of my friends had their status as \standing on the edge of a cliff\"" so i poked him"""
"there was banana bread at the market buffet, so i took half a loaf back to my room : )"
football!!!!!!!!
"we won yay!! way to go <propmale> young, hero of the game!!!!"
"grilled burgers for my friends tonight, or would that be last night?"
law video   must   resist      urge         to             zzzzzz
the sound of an alarm clock is such a soul crushing sound
just had to install a new car battery
chem exam went better than e playful ected
<propfirst>'s cups make very good cereal bowls
football!!!
alabama lost!!!
"dear computer, please stop sh!tting yourself   sincerely, me?"
"earthquake, fun fun"
yay! fun dip!!?
so apparently cad design next semester is going to be a bitch    wonderful?
go cowboys!!! 34-17 osu
"i love my programming class, lecture lasted all of 15 minutes"
<propfirst> bieber is getting sued for slapping a12 year old bahahahahahahaha
86 on programming midterm  annoyed 
getting ready to go wait in line for football!!!!!?
i beat my goal  i wanted to get in line at the crack of <propfemale>  well i'm in line now and it is still plenty dark out 
the sooners and longhorns lost  only redeaming features of a terrible weekend ?
thunder!!!?
97 on calc exam : )
how 'bout them cowboys!!!?
never seen more golf carts than when i went trick-or-treating in oak tree  that includes the times i've been golfing
"writing a law paper, makes me want to drop-kick a baby :-\\?"
qegwrpoqwuioyephvwnqegdhbqwpiefgdbapqifbwbmnefpibweteehhgtipagpsahbfgupackibdvinawbgiegltpiwavywbpi pvnappwiebehgjfhjrfgqtoiqohpahshgheadpflhapohglpasohgpahgagwqegqww
feels like a brain dead monkey
is glad he didn't skip chemistry today
"sorry <propmale> potter, you are no longer the number 1 book on my list?"
i feel lonely  where'd all the other big xii south teams go 
92 on law test and 90 on law paper   hell yes!
85 on chem test  annoyed 
gunnmen right next to my dorm     awesome
likes being able to write computer programs to do my calculus homework for me
tombstone? hell ya!
always nice when you figure something about programming out that event the head <propfemale> didn't know  smile 
how 'bout them cowboys!!!!!!! winning in <propfirst> for the first time since '44!!!!  go pokes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loves it when the group next to me in chem lab does the e playful eriment wrong and produces toxic gas
finally finished my programming code!!!!!!!!  smile )))))))
is it normal for one's fingertips to be grey?
today is going to be long and painful     wonderful
"calc was cancelled this week, excellent  smile "
happy thanksgiving!!!
victory is mine! shopping at walmart at midnight is a great way to get good movies for cheap   smile 
yes!!!!!! boise falls to <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!
"our father who <propmale> in stillwater, gundy be thy name  for games we've won,and battles done, on the road as it is at home  give us this day our weekly win, and forgive us our penalites, as we defeat those who play against us  and lead us not into devastation, but destroy the crimson evil  for thine is the program, the pride, and the orange power forever  amen   "
"well cowboys, it's hard to win when you don't run your unstoppable offense that you've run all year, it's hard to win when you don't capitalize on picks, it's hard to win when you don't throw to the number 1 reciever in the nation, it's hard to win when you give up two 80+ yard touchdown receptions in the last 3 minutes  as for you sooners, good game, good win, now go kick nebraska's ass!"
"got a 99 on the law library project in my law class, which brings me up to a 92 6 in the class going into the final!!!"
my essay got canceled! i got pie in celebration!  smile 
well for better or for worse the chem test is over
ugh worst concert ever  sad 
"change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same  the point of the game? to have no human faces on facebook, only childhood memories by monday to fight child abuse  copy and paste to spread the word "
law class ended an hour early! good day  smile 
finally finished the programming project  thank god
writing my final law paper   fun fun
no more law class for <propfirst>  smile 
dr  spurrier is the most awesome professor ever!!!
"midnight walmart run, what fun"
chemistry is over!!! and it didn't go nearly as bad as e playful ected  smile 
i got an a in law!!!! time to do the happy dance!!!
"mmmm cold pizza and poptarts, breakfast of champions"
well that final goes to show that i shouldn't try and do calculus while 99% asleep
"got an a in chem, don't know how though   "
is happy to be home  smile  movie night with the fam!
is building a dvd shelf
just fixed my parents internet
and the dvd shelf is done
playing golf with pops  smile 
all grades are in and i end with a 4-point  smile 
"kicked pop's butt at golf again today, hehehe"
"dear osu athletic department, please invest in a new shot clock  sincerely, the osu student body"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"despicable me is freaking awesome! one of the best movies i've seen, i almost died laughing!!"
"san <propfirst> bound! alamo bowl, here we come!"
at the riverwalk in san <propfirst> waiting for game time!
way to go cowboys! 11 wins!!
"goodbye nebraska! don't let the door hit you on the way out  oh wait, it just did twice  bahaha!! way to go washington huskies, you made the big xii proud!"
"driven around, singing to the radio  smile  good day"
headed back to stillwater in about an hour  smile 
on the road again   
back in stillwater  smile 
go cowboys great win!!!
is not feeling to well
wow it's snowing
good day  smile 
"weeden and blackmon are back! look out 2011, it's on"
"watching cmt's 40 greatest songs of the decade, good music  smile "
"today is going to be a great day, i just know it"
"i was right  today, or rather yesterday now, was a great day"
working on cad drawings what fun
holy crap that was an awesome game! way to go jp and the cowboys!!
victory is mine! cello did not commit suicide this concert!!
"ah, what a good night  smile "
ugh this is to damn early for class!!!!
ouch
always remember the 10
"we are talking about vectors in physics, and it keeps making me think of despicable me"
the <propfemale> bride? heck yes!
no class tomorrow!!!
"just saw a couple of people riding horses through campus, only at osu"
how 'bout them cowboys!!!
haha victory is mine!! physics homework you are vanquished!!!!
my physics professor just emailed the class to tell us the homework deadline was extended to monday   this is information i could have used at oh say noon   you know before i started my 9 hour physics binge   ugh
go pokes!
how 'bout them cowboys!!!! bedlam champs!!!!!!
bedlam victory yesterday and dinner with <propfirst> today   can't think of a better weekend
a winter forecast in oklahoma:
well on the positive side of things i once again proved that dr  spurrier is the most awesomely amazing professor ever!!! and i got my honor contract in    on the bad side that contract is not in my sports class like i had hoped but rather in physics   wonderful   and to top that off i am like uber sick yay!!!
is beginning to like the idea of cutting my lungs out with a dull spork
ah a wonderful evening spent with my favorite person
89 on honor calc 2 exam  woo!
has the most wonderful girlfriend ever! get well soon baby!
"good game cowboys, ya'll played a great game!!! it's not your fault that you had to play against two teams at once "
woo class ends early  smile 
boom roasted! cad lab homework for next week finished in lab!!
my hat broke  sad 
going to dinner with pops  smile 
the lights went out while we were playing a concert   
"well this day has started wonderfully, first i hit my head on a counter and then i smash my finger in a drawer   "
<propfirst> sutton has finally been inducted into the college basketball hall of fame! it's about time!
"one test down, one to go  i hate walrus man with a burning passion for scheduling this test during a basketball game, espicially the last home game of the season "
"is in an extremely bad mood, damn freaking research paper"
"i'm once again stuck on my research paper, ugh what else is new"
and the research paper is done! my outlook on life just went way up  smile 
mmmmmm hot wings and sushi  smile 
"i've discovered where hell is, it's on neptune! neptune's solar year is 89,666 neptune solar days! coincidence? i think not "
go pokes! beat kansas!!
that test sucked   ugh my brain hurts
"rest in peace judge barnes, we're gonna miss you  sad ((((("
"my hat got fixed, yay!  smile "
"well, at least i know the cause of my back pain now   doesn't really change the pain though"
go cowboys!!
how 'bout them cowboys!!
watching a knight's tale never gets old: change your stars
it's tinker time!
go cowboy wrestling! 35 here we come!!
"izzy, izzy, izzy, izzy, izzy, izzy, izzy, izzy!!"
just got back from tulsa where i had a wonderful evening of mexican food and <propmale> potte with my wonderful girlfriend <propfirst> foley 
"<propfirst> and i matched today, it was kinda funny cause it wasn't planned or anything"
well i just managed to shoot myself in the eye with the laser from my mouse   that takes skill   and sleep deprivation   
what is it with me and odd food combinations this semester? tonight it's sushi and bagel bites
"one more day, i just have to survive one more day then it's the weekend"
"got a 74 on my physics test! 27 points higher than the class average, hell yeah!!"
roads? where we're going we don't need roads 
thin mints and cool whip! how did i not make this delicious discovery sooner!?!
i don't believe it  i'm on time to calc for the first time this semester!
feels kinda like a brain-dead monkey right now   
"isn't feeling good today  lunch with <propfirst> helped, but i still feel bad :-\\"
bahaha that was an awesome concert!
"got use to how easy the honors physics questions were, now i'm back to the insanely difficult regular physics questions   doesn't that seem a little backwards?"
"normal people believe that if it ain't broke, don't fix it  engineers believe that if it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet "
congrats on the new baby boy to <propfirst> slagle and <propfemale> slagle!
mmm nap  smile 
just played 2 never-ending games of racquetball with <propmale> and i managed to roll the crap out of my ankle in the process
"ugh, today has sucked  it's kinda been boom-boom-boom-boom with stuff to do from the moment i woke up this morning  and i'm still not done   ugh"
