7914195f3cf181168ac086b70d8ed2fd
*sour look*  *mutter*
"it's not sunday   i have to remind myself of that every couple of hours   it's not sunday  you're just insane, <propfirst> "
"just pulled an-almost-90-hour workweek, including host drama--actually, host drama sums up most of it   and a silent (canceled) disco "
got laid off on thursday and will be back in the st  <propfirst> area at the end of september   (switching pov now: i'm okay)
"survived the wedding   am incredibly sore, but what a great time "
four days to nanowrimo and still no absolute set plotline   this is a bit worrisome 
i apparently need to log in more than once every two months   facebook got busier on the eyes  wow   going away again now 
"<propmale> says i have to be honest, so here it is:  i miss how the hoodie in my profile  picture used to have white in the middle of the austrian flag  it doesn't anymore "
heading to california tomorrow!
apparently has a new dog?
"stiff, sore, sunburned, but writing, so that's a plus "
"thanks for all of the birthday wishes!  you all are amazing!  i'd reply individually, but fb kind of gives me the willies after seeing \the social network \""  but you all rock!"""
"buried in camera comparison websites   should i save $400?  my conscience says no, budget screams yes "
"spent day bopping around grafton with <propfemale>   just looked at my pictures, and i've got some *amazing* shots   what, modesty?  ha "
"working on the pilot   what what, holla?  yeah, i'm   still white   "
tomorrow i get to fly out to cali-for-naya   i hope dad lets me stop in the desert and get some pictures on the way home   uncle <propfirst>'s desert pictures always look so cool 
"dad and i made it back from california   stopped only once to take some pictures at the bonneville salt flats, but on the positive side, did get to see \deeth <propfemale> valley \"""""
went and started the process to sign up for college courses today   it feels nice to have a plan again 
"at the end of every october, i have a couple of days where i dread november and nanowrimo   by nov 6th, though, i always wonder why "
"oh, right, i'm on twitter now, too   i have an alter-ego, but my real <propfirst> twitter name is agentaspirin   and yes, that's my love for fringe showing through "
there ain't no freak in french fries 
"saw \morning glory \""  the state of the studio in which \""daybreak\"" took place was probably the funniest (and most traumatic) part of it for me """
"two exciting things happening in january: jury duty and classes in html and javascript   oh, wait, did i say exciting?  whoops "
"the pig finally died   well, it didn't die, per se   it just got traded for a ten-year-younger model   apparently i've become a skeevy old man "
"classes are cancelled for tomorrow! man, when i was a little kid, that was like the greatest thing ever   now it's like, \but i wanted to learn that stuff!\"""""
sister took 72 pictures of icicles in our backyard   this   is going to be fun 
i think i'd forgotten how boring textbooks are  i also think i wish i could forget that again  reposted because verbs are great 
"this weekend was a friggin' blast!  and now that it's over, to photoshop   muhahaha"
"hmm   funny how i only seem to remember i have a facebook account when i should be writing  or, you know, not being on facebook "
