d00089de1b40cf3041b47fc464a66ce8
happy new year's facebook family laugh 
anyone else get have a d d  when attemtpting to read something new? i can never finish anything unless i find it uber interesting worth my time   even if it is a little bit interesting  i want instant gratification dammit!
"some tabloid read that the world is ending in 2011   if you're going to report bogus news, at least get your prophecies right   laugh "
that's it   i'm making a baby with cillian murphy 
my lovechild with the handsome lad   http annoyed  www morphthing com showimage 5 6c6835aab757b434d401b6f5fe2bb5f1 0 3773170 baby-of-vermandel-05-jpg-and--dsc1582-jpg jpeg
http annoyed  www facebook com woodrow stuckey?ref=nf#! pages cillian-murphy 8224627414?ref=ts    great   thank you facebook   now i have cillian murphy *and crank dat soulja boy in my head   
super cute   http annoyed  www afropunk com profiles blogs lmao-mos-def-on-yo-gabba-gabba
back from work   days almost over   and another day of work is soon to come   hopefully i'll be at this routine for a little more than a year  and then no more smile 
currently trying to write a script with twilight_ravensoul for the april scripped contest!
"looks like i'm hired as a mermaid for a [so far, anonymous] band's album <propmale>   "
<propmale> <propfirst> or buckcherry?
rocked the practice monologue   hell to the fuck yes! laugh 
http annoyed  ihasahotdog com 
how do you tell a zombie to get a life?
"<propfemale> carmon\                i am so bored out of my mind that i made a <propmale> poke   i spent ten minutes of my life creating a <propmale> poke   that's <propmale> "
eew   no   eew   did you really just send me a haiku?
i like duck sauce or sweet and sour sauce on my sandwhiches   izzz thut veird?
i have two auditions today   one for an acting agency   the other for a film  wish we luck!!! laugh 
"i went to actor's rep in nyc    now i'm at   er    ripley grier   waiting for an audition at 7:45   for a movie  i hope i get the part and a new agent at actor's rep(who's apparently rep-ed for law and order, 30 rock, ugly beatty, and some <propmale> feature length films)  i'm so nervous sad  "
"yeah so   you must see the imaginarium of dr  parnassus   first of all   it's <propmale> leger's last film   second, it's a gorgeous film, with amazing cinematography and graphics  it's definitely one of the best fantasy films i've ever seen   smile "
"oh yeah   tom waits was in the imaginarium of dr  parnassus, too  how could i forget?  smile "
i tried out for a $1000 wk fashion blogging opportunity  let's hope i get it smile 
"i am starting a short, probably 30-60 <propfemale> screenplay   a zombie movie called population control laugh   just a few <propfemale>s in   "
"working on my third garment for my collection  drawing, spending a boring day watching the chiller channel   by the way, check out <propfirst> ketchum's the girl next door  good movie  love jk  the lost is now one of my favorite books  and just picked up off season and triage from the library "
"an actor in a movie called \maria full of grace\"" looked like one of my exes  butt ugly  eew  eew  uggh  die monkey  die!!! lol """
i really don't wanna go to work but i guess i can't complain that i only work three days 
yeah  so there was a peace rally near my job today  something about the <propfemale>  <propmale>  the cops being anti-jew  but it sounded like the broadcast of a speech from hitler 
got all of her financial aid stuffs for the fall semester out of the way  thank goodness   now i just have to wait for the award letter 
just filmed with fellow acting student cheril  fun times!
juaquime j  wright   the newest pride of our nation's forces smile    i'm proud of you  you will do great   
learned how to make a pair of shorts(damn that inseam to hell)
"twilight: new <propfemale>, twilight: eclipse   what's next twilight: gibbous <propfemale>?!?"
i have two interviews: one for a show on network telly fri and one for a second part time job(also on fri)  i'm soooooooo nervous 
"trying to decide what movie i should pirate   do i want a romance   like the modern version of <propfirst> and isolde, a crime, drama, action, comedy smokin aces 2, or hmm   maybe i want a scary movie   any reccs?"
decided on the runaways   see ya'll later
i starting a skirt  just need to place the closure and i'll be done 
"any one who's interested comer and gallucio offers free casting   sign up at their office on the west side of ny  37th street  building 336, floor 3 "
<propfirst> clooner(from dusk til <propfemale>)- psychos don't e playful lode when sunlight hits them   i don't give a **** how crazy they are! lmao 
"a favorite song from one of my favorite polish bands, moonlight  song is ergo sum  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rl9-kzlzyco"
photographed <propfemale> k thompson today
got a free digital cam from <propmale>  woo
http annoyed  www kontraband com videos 19360 hitler-hates-downfall-parodies 
http annoyed  lolympics com files images motivational-poster-jew-jitsu jpg
yeah so a lady hissed at me at work   like a cat  she hissed at me! lol  *amused* 
clothing line is coming together fabulously   networking with models on mayhem and waiting for my roommate photographer to set up shoots
hey thanks everyone!!! smile  laugh 
annoyed by self imposed ignorance  like really   crack open a book   you ever feel like saying that? go learn something and stop being a rambling crackhead   
beauty tip for the night- homemade lemon facials do wonders for the skin smile  laugh 
sewing like it ain't no joke   photographer figuring out how to convert room into studio   buying lights   more updates as they develop   liam garrigan   hot lad
"working on a score   yes that's right, i said it  for a five minute movie   but it's a start "
so   this dude came to my store yesterday  i totally called him out  nice guy  http annoyed  www starz com originals thepillarsoftheearth cast jack
"working on dress, music project, watching <propfirst>! can't wait to see <propfirst> pitt steve buscemi in boardwalk empire   "
"finally got my aid, starting school in a week, trying to make $300 for e playful enses annoyed "
so   looks like i have a small role in a zombie movie  when i *don't work! woot 
"taking eng 101, mkt 101, psych 101, and electronic music composition   changing to fashion merchandising major(w  some design courses in there as well)   almost done with required courses  still taking a music class every semester  still plan to learn the basics of music composition  getting some of my photography printed on shirts "
inception is a good movie   go to see 
started school today   yay
"what do we think about obama so far? one year in   good job? bad job? do you think he is doomed to be unfairly blamed for all of our problems or is everything really his fault? discuss    just really, people   don't argue "
i'd like to be able to take care of my mares    treat them to something nice   like a field trip to japan or germany 
"mates, i mean  not mares "
work sucked sunday   ever have those days you just hate it?
looks like the band theatre of tragedy is going out of business   they ran into some <propmale> debt  sucks! sad 
i'm having a problem with one customer who keeps coming back to my store to piss me off  how should i handle this?
<propfemale> mirren with a gun   me-ow!
very happy   thinking about fit and study abroad in europe laugh 
finished with midterm project   woo
http annoyed  www surveymonkey com s j2p3jld
new yorkers are crazy enough   how dare they get a holiday to exhibit their various alternate multiple personality disorders   halloween was crazy!  smile 
feels fan tazz   and hopes you do to!
you must see <propfirst> pilgrim versus the world 
eew   http annoyed  www usatoday com communities ondeadline post 2010 11 10-year-old-girl-gives-birth-in-spain 1
"ifyou are using the christmas tree app please be \advised it will crashyour computer  geek squad says its oneof the worst \trojan viruses thereis and it is spreading quickly re-post and let your \friends know!"
damn work   forgot to give me vacay pay   paying me this week  late!
goddamn   had a possible new job   but they're only hiring seasonal with no guarantee of re-hire annoyed 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=p4lbi0daeze
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=4yjc5itna2o&feature=related
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=a4htx0ieuj0
i got an in-person inerview at a retail store much closer to me on thursday  i will let you know how it goes  this new job would equal a lot more money and a shorter ride home  wish me luck!!!
feels pretty darn good   
"random advice  inspired by a conversation with a friend  materialistic & superficial things  this is what most females are about   they are born from the womb go to the grave thinking, \well   as long as i look better than her\"" """
because you always need a random bald guy in your band
"got the pell <propmale>, now owes nothing for a long time laugh  ****happy****"
guess who has a new job come mid-january?(once all the seasonals leave)   *this one laugh   will be making base pay plus* commission
"merry   whatever it is you do or believe in playful    how about   yeia sas   a greek customer told me it meant, \good health to you\""  yesterday laugh   well   yeia sas playful  """
is still hatching her evil plans   stay stuned 
"so cooold    metro to the city was cancelled  first by 30 minutes, then by an hour  mother nature is one ice cold ***** "
i bought more fabric today   i'm renting space 4 shoots for a day in february   to get some editorial and catalogue shoots of my clothing  these will be the first images in for my lookbook laugh   (finally) 
saw black swan  such a beautiful movie laugh   i reccommend  <propfemale> and <propfemale> do a wonderful job 
"just got my schedule for the spring term  taking english 2, apparel and design i, business management 101, and computer information systems  luckily, the books i have to buy are less than $30  i can get one on amazon used for $2, and another for $5  correct editions, too!"
shooting outdoors with a model at around 4 surprise 0 pm  finally  will soon be able to put up a few pictures of my clothing laugh  
just got the fabric i ordered today  mood was behind schedule due to the snow storm   which is understandable  working on a new look all day tommorrow 
"not a bad semester at all  i got an a in marketing(woot woot), and a b in garment construction  the latter was not the easiest course at all, and us students had a hard-ish time with the teacher for more than half of the course    but i think she finally saw the light "
watching a japanese [unsure of genre] movie called audition  wonders if the rules of american horror applies to japanese films   does losing your virginity or just having sex spell your doom? will you (probably most likely) die? lol 
totally networking with agency models  have shoots almost every week now for the next month! yea-uh! making connections laugh  
sometime in february working with gothic model mallory laugh    getting some of my dark photography printed on t-shirts and then going for a cool graphic print tee look laugh    that is once i stop being broke-a-loca lol 
greece is building a border wall   man those mexicans are persistent- <propfirst> colbert
i got a head start on my classes   my online ones are available now  i don't have an english assignment now until the 30th of <propfirst> 
saving up for a dress form 
bought texts books a whule ago   draping in about twenty   then i'm lugging all of these heavy books home  i don't look forward to it 
have you ever tried to paint your right hand with your left?
got $2000 and something back from her refund check from school laugh  laugh  laugh  
bought a dress form   now i'll be able to do my own class projects at home when i need 
bought new clothes for the first time in a long time and now wants more boots!!! and stuff! (**but i'll be good   i think )    lol 
off to work
"doing a giallo esque shoot in the next few weeks   knows exactly what direction to head in   designed two logos   gonna start making use of the copyrights, trademarks, etc etc   "
"work is taking too long with this w2   need to reapply for fafsa, tap, and school:["
where cann i get metal goth ringtones?
ask and you shall receive   just got w2 otday!
doing taxes annoyed 
deadspace 2
"i feel bad for my computer teacher  she had to e playful lain the meaning of the word, \contiguous\""  like really? slooow class """
draping on my new form   laugh 
"does anyone know where i can download microsoft office 2007, including word, access, excel, etc etc?   i've tried torrents    it's for my computer info class  meggh   i guess i'll try a torrent again and hope i don't get a virus "
working with another model this week   saturday before work   just had some more of my images pressed onto t shirts  watching the bloooob 
"while it's very convenient, it's also pretty scary how we can do everything from home   from our taxes, fafsas, online banking, etc etc   fafsa and irs are now joining forces so that they can access information interchangably from the documents in order for the user to spend less time typing in information  same thing with tax software accessing information from the places we've worked at the snap of a finger "
my soul to take   it's a pretty good movie 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xcsn-83bktc
