54aa44aeb0a3d9c1a391a9cb8a054bbd
watching the office and drinking with the girls!!
having a good time at little blue!
14
my girlfriend thinks my hair is sexy    and 14!!!!
today just sucks
i love the rain!!
i love hooka!!
doing homework for the rest of my life : (
watching so you think you can dance and eating <propmale> and cheese with lexi
is dramatic but less ghetto
happy birthday! i love you grandpa!
make your haters motivators    i would like to thank <propfemale> knowles for teaching me this
i'm finally finding feelings that remind me of me  finally finding feelings that remind of a girl i used to be    
hooka time!!!!!
new moon    fml
putting up my lil xmas tree!!
everyone should text me cuz i had to get a new phone and i lost everyones number : (
hanging out with the girls!!
work then going out with my lbg girls!!!
spending the snowy day with my favorite people!!!!
work    come visit me and see a movie!!!
is being lame and doing her laundry on a friday night    tread lively was amazing and everyone should go see it tomorrow and support our lbg sister!
watching 500 days of summmer!!!!
work all night    come visit!!
"you can't even tell, that your like no one else   "
resting up for tomorrow because i plan on partying like <propfemale> from the office lol
happy st patricks day!!!
cleaning cuz i cant sleep
is taking a late night trip to walmart
"just lay it all down  put your face into my neck and let it fall out  i know i know i know  i knew before you got home  this world you're in now, it doesn't have to be alone, i'll get there somehow, 'cos i know i know i know when, even springtime feels cold "
come celebrate big johnsons birthday with us tonight!!!!
picking up grammy and going to wicked tonight!!!
is at wicked!!!
hard hearted don't worry i'm ready for a fight unnerve the nerve you're nervous  nervous that i'm right
"i wake up exhausted it's not morning  it's back to sleep to re-dream me  we're alone and we're happy  but there you are, angry with me  are you alright i can stand up straight  are you alright can you get me off your mind"
so is it better to tell and hurt or lie to save their face? well i guess the answer is don't do it in the first place 
work until the end of time     come visit!!
building the last song so <propfemale> will stop crying cuz she cant wait to watch it again
comedy night and uptown!!!
"so baby don't move at all cause you're about to break my fall  stay where you are, staring at the stars  don't ever move at all "
bdubs and footlights!!!!
"when you're dreaming with a broken heart  the giving up is the hardest part  she takes you in with her crying eyes  then all at once you have to say goodbye  wondering could you stay my love? will you wake up by my side?  no she can't, 'cause she's gone, gone, gone, gone, gone         now do i have to fall asleep with roses in my hands?"
work all day     to set the record straight i didnt do it      
"you, are, the only exception "
"home from work    tanning, shower, and off to celebrate with <propfirst>     congrats <propfirst>!!!"
watching the office!!!!!
she's upfront upshot upstart up in every case the kind of girl that whispers thank god for you oh girl all you got is me oh girl all you need is me
thanks for all the birthday wishes and thanks for the great night everyone    i feel so old now but <propfemale> will always be older hahaha!!
in bed watching the best movie ever     500 days of summer!!
the idea of waiting for something makes it more exciting - <propmale> warhol
sorry i'm not home right now i'm walking into spiderwebs so leave a message and i'll call you back
<propfemale> girls party with <propfemale>!!!!!!
two days until pride!!!!!
one day until pride!!!!!
off to work     please be nice twilight fans    
sooooo tired
"pretty productive day   went tanning, colored a picture with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and now off to work   "
i only have to work 27 more hours until i get a break from eclipse hell    
work    come see a movie and visit me!!!!
its so fluffy i'm going to die
"my love has concrete feet, my love's an iron ball  wrapped around your ankles, over the waterfall  i'm so heavy  heavy  heavy in your arms"
great night with my 164 girls and guys lol     love you    goodnight!!
watching eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
upset that i didnt see this movie until now     eternal sunshine of the spotless mind is amazing!!!
gets to watch despicable me tonight    be jealous     im so excited i am gonna die lol
happy birthday zach!!!! love you!!!
"just lay it all down  put your face into my neck and let it fall out  i know, i know ,i know  i knew before you got home  this world you're in now, it doesn't have to be alone i'll get there somehow    "
work    come see a movie!!!!
im a bridesmaid!!!
i love natalie    thats all    
work  sad    come see a movie!!
doesnt like that <propfemale> is gone for the weekend
"so we have a problem you see, my dear, 'cause i can't move on and i can't stay here  i gotta fix it, i need your tears, but mostly now i need your ears  see i gotta tell you, i need you to know, you were my ruin when you took hold  you made me believe the lies you told, but you wont get away with the pride you stole  getting off this <propfirst> road "
"i wanna be the thought that slips your mind, the thought that makes you come to your senses but i'm shy so i'll never tell you that instead i'll say something like you wanna hold hands sometime   "
nice day + off work super early = cedar point!!!
taking a break from packing to go bowling and get a drink with my girls!!!
i miss lil blue already
chipotle and then off to work    come see a movie and visit me!!!
picking up my bridesmaid dress!!!!!!!!
picking up my bridesmaid dress with the roomie bridesmaid #2 lol     happy birthday faith!!!!
who wants to help my unpack all my stuff???
comedy night for faiths birthday!!!
a-team trip to the mall!!!!
working on getting my room all set up     fair tonight with sony!!!!!
the fair was awesome    i feel like a fat kid now and sony and i almost died on the rides lol
jersey shore
"\i think i'm in lesbians with you\"" lol"""
"\i fake rocked your world\"""""
i just got my new phone but since i cant turn my old one on i have none of my numbers     everyone should text me their number    please  smile 
"\does anybody know how to hold my heart? cause i don't want to let go too soon \"""""
"all i have, all i need, he's the air i would kill to breathe   holds my love in his hands, still i'm searching for something   out of breath, i am left hoping someday i'll breathe again, i'll breathe again "
might be missin you a lil bit    
when did i become soooo lame?    cleaning my room on a friday night 
the office and bed      thinking about you
running    
making dinner and relaxing
\so is it better to tell and hurt or lie to save their face?\,54aa44aeb0a3d9c1a391a9cb8a054bbd,i love <propfemale> spears!!
walking around the house in my heels so i dont fall on my face at the wedding!!!
movie night!!!
<propfemale>'s bachelorette party!!!!!!!
out to dinner with bridesmaid #2 and our bride!! then its bachelorette party time!!
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!
watching the notebook
"no one can make me cry, make me laugh, make me smile or drive me mad like she does   "
"i couldn't sleep last night because i know that it's over between us  i'm not bitter anymore, because i know that what we had was real  and if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives, i'll smile at you with joy and remember   the best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds "
running with my brother
its t-shirt time lol     bowling!!!!
today is the wedding!!  congrats!!    i hope i dont trip lol
watching beauty and the beast with the roomies and sony 
when you smile at me you know exactly what you do   baby don't pretend that you don't know it's true cause you can see it when i look at you 
is wearing purple!!
martini night with <propfemale> and mama k!!
its friday!! work all day then hanging out with a-team  smile 
cedar point!!
cant wait to snuggle  smile 
<propfirst> swift's new cd at midnight!!!!
work all night    come see a movie!
i love <propfirst> swift!!!
"\who you are is not where you've been  you're still an innocent\"""""
"you, have pointed out my flaws again, as if i don’t already see them "
cooking dinner with jessi    wish me luck lol
soooooo happy!!!!!  smile 
playing cooking mama with <propfemale> <propfemale> hoag
dinner with the girl  smile 
dreaming about you   
soooooo sick
"the stakes are high, the water's rough  but this love is ours "
cant wait to see your face!
comedy club with my beautiful gf!!!
<propfemale> won the pure romance drawing  wink 
one thing's for sure it's real love
i love us!!!
working the <propmale> potter midnight    wish me luck    its going to be crazy!!
out with my girl
back to work   im sick of <propmale> potter fans
i love my <propfirst>!!
excited to go out for <propfemale>'s birthday!!
great thanksgiving surprise   i got to see my brother and sister!!
work and then thanksgiving dinner with my bg family!!
i really do have the best friends in the world!! thanks for the amazing dinner sony!!
"pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like you're nothing you're fucking perfect to me"
and you hold me in your arms and all that i can see is my future in your hands
listening to my record player!!
"\want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world   \"""""
"around you  around you, what a nice night  around you, i stay"
: (
needs a sunglass moment : (
great valentines day with my boo     i love you!!!
"out with my girl, <propfemale>, and shandee"
customers suck today   cant wait to see my boo!!
stuck inside cleaning my room  sad 
i just can't wait to get back to where the issue is who loves who more   
i love <propfemale> higgins!!
"yea you're it, the missing piece that makes me fit  i got you, the breath i breathe, and there ain't nothing else i need  baby i got you   "
taking my girl to a classy dinner at steak and shake   yaya
"happy \feb 29th\"" boo!!  i love you!"""
excited for my chucky e cheese date tonight!! my gf is amazing! i love you!
first day off from work in 27 days   cant wait to spend it with <propfemale> <propfemale>!!
