29e4c655d586bad386870c70dbd228d5
"ok    so i broke down and made a facebook   woohoo, lookit me   i feel special now   smile   i have joined the masses!"
"yes, yes, i will post pictures eventually   let a girl get organized first, geez!  smile  ::hugs to all::"
"i tell you, this is the year of reunions for me!  i have now gotten back in touch with four people from my distant past in the last few months   and better yet, they all remember me!  smile   maybe i do exist in some small way "
sometimes i wonder how some people can be so intelligent and so stupid at the same time   it's a mystery of nature   
"cake \that is all "
"seeking friends in my empire, farmville, and frontierville   darn games are addicting!  smile "
"whew!  filled out my fafsa forms today, to see about getting some cold hard cash for school   if all goes as planned, i will be beginning my bachelor's program in video game <propmale> & design come november!"
"so the word of the day is truffles!  i need lots of truffles for my tuscan wedding in farmville   other notes of interest:  need tar, gems, and softwood in my empire "
"thank you for all the reeds in farmville   don't need anymore   need 4 more bamboo, though, as well as nails and planks "
"so hooray for good news!  we found out today that <propfirst>'s cancer is pretty much isolated to his armpits, and he will likely not need chemotherapy at all   just a month or so of radiation therapy and he should be fine   thank gods!"
"need olives in farmville!!!  got plenty of the rest of the ingredients, so anyone who can help me with olives is fantastic "
"hooray for rain!!! finally got some moisture   the poor horses were pretty close to eating dirt when they finished their hay, lol "
"all righty, so anyone who plays frontierville and has eggplants unlocked?  please comment here, because i need to be able to tend three neighbor eggplants for a quest   so if we could coordinate a planting (as they grow in two hours), that would be fantastic!"
how do you make a winery in farmville?  i cannot find it in the marketplace   
let's see    i need bricks and beeswax in farmville!  i need someone to plant three eggplants for me in frontierville so i can tend them   also still need a darn welcome mat!  i can send it back as soon as it completes my quest 
the elusive welcome mat in frontierville    it haunts me     i shall never get my school opened!
pictures!  finally got a couple of them up 
wheeeeee!
"weaning myself off quite a few of my facebook games   starting my courses in october, so gotta focus!"
"as of today, i am officially a college student! woohoo!"
if anyone knows someone on their friends list who needs another neighbor in farmville?  i am one person away from being able to e playful and my homestead again 
happy to say i have aced my first week of class!  got my grades for the first few assignments and got <propmale> scores on all of them   smile 
"cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i was proud to  will you?"
rain rain and more rain for the next few days  blah!
fallout: new vegas   drooool 
"why must most top-tier video games today release with at least one game-breaking bug?  fallout: new vegas, i love thee dearly, but now i must wait for a patch so i don't lose my character to the save corruption bug!"
epiphany!  don't you love those moments when you wake up from a nap with oodles of creative ideas jumping out of your head?  my video game concept went from abstract to solid plan in one afternoon!
"omg, finally!  the temp disability payment came through   hey, and it only took three months, including a month of him back to work after his cancer treatments   hate bureaucracy   now i'll spend the next week trying to unravel my nerves from fright of bankruptcy "
"woohoo!  just turned in my final assignment for class   this means i'm done with school until january 10th, aside from a few pops into the classroom to answer some feedback "
kinect is ridiculously fun   hooray for christmas presents!
finally back around   happy new year to everyone!  here's hoping this year is less stressful than last!  smile 
"back to class in three days, lost three pounds with dance central on kinect, and have three characters in my game more or less fleshed out!  three seems to be a good number today "
there is now four feet of snow outside   the snow is almost higher than the horse fences   i have pictures!  i'll post them soon 
"perspective class is over   managed to come away with an a by the skin of my teeth!  it was a challenging course!  onto drawing class now, time to settle into the new flow "
i'm getting pretty good at pulling out these a's by the skin of my teeth   made an a in drawing class by 0 18%!  now for a week off to actually relax!
