f887c01e508ec7a564bd56f13917ff4a
chilling and relaxing      a nap sounds great!
i think i may have been tired cause i so just slept 13 hrs straight!!!!!
"i love me some softball, perhaps except when it entails playing in 95 degree direct sun      it's a hot one! so hitting up the pool after!"
"awww, how sweet, i just got a \just because\"" gift      i love my man!"""
swimming pools are awesome!!!!!
voila    my house is now clean and lemony fresh!! if only the bathroom would clean its self!!!
"wedding coordination is e playful ensive      yay plastic! invitations check, dress not so much  smile '"
now it's timet o find the dress     wish me luck cause this shit should be interesting!
"yay, cookouts!"
"sundays suck! they are the devil's day! hate going back to work the next day, add in an l2, and it is a recipe for crabbiness! maybe brownies should be added to the recipe to help?  smile "
"i wish working out wasn't such work! why can't it be called happy fun time where pounds magically disappear! oooh, a perfect world!!!!"
"note to self      playing 9 holes of gold, playing 2 softball games, and then attempting to swim all in one day is not a good idea!!!"
"home sweet home, mountains here i come!!! going home to vermont!! yay  smile "
"awwww, i love being home!"
wedding cake tastes yummy      details are coming together nicely!
"back in ks, but still missing the mountains  sad "
"doing cardio after two weeks off feels great, but then why do my legs hurt so?!?!"
ewedding is pissing me off because it keeps quiting me out when i try to copy and paste shit in      grrrrr!  sad 
writing wedding invitations is never ending and why the hell does my writing slope up? wtf!
"the pool is beckoning me, so screw being responsible      the invitations will write themselves right? lol"
"who would like to help me cut, paste, and tie <propfemale> ribbons onto 75 little booklets tomorrow?"
"piece of shit car, piece of shit car      not how i had planned my evening!!"
"i think i might be sick from the amount of adhesive i've ingested, however, invitations are complete!!!!!"
"i think a mug of hot coco and lots of whip cream sound marvelous!!! perhaps, then some more whip cream  smile "
"after 4 hrs of cleaning, the house is finally clean      i think i might be able to stop twitching now!"
"after taking a month off, i finally found my way back to the gym     the pain feels so good  sad  or so i keep telling myself "
"is it the weekend yet, cause i think i could use a stiff <propfemale>      or better yet several!!!!!!"
"does anyone, anyone want to go dancing with me? i need to blow off some steam and i'm not picky  i'll take a hobo at this point  sad        man, i miss my <propmale> crew and the packing house so bad!!!!!"
shot my bow then made deer chili      can anyone guess what time of year it is?
"yesterday was a stressful day and a conglomerate of emotion      on a positive note , i have a new kitten      pictures to follow soon!"
"four weeks to go, the countdown has begun     "
worked all week it’s time to play gonna get a little bit sideways…  wink 
"i want to thank all my great friends for the wonderful <propfirst> & <propfemale> party, presents, food, and memorable times! thanks everyone      you rock!  smile "
"the count down begins, officially 14 days until i'm a putnam legally!"
i had a great time last night       thanks so much girls!! you def  surprised me!
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!! i am now old  sad  lol
"seeing the beautiful burnt oranges, bright crimsons, and <propfemale> colors sprinkled atop the hillsides makes my heart sing!!!  smile "
"so much wedding stuff to do, so little time       5 days left!"
yeeehawwww       
finally the big day      let's hope we can make it without any relatives going to jail   but it might make for a good story!!!  wink 
excited it all went down beautifully and without a hitch       glad to be able to kick back and relax now      ahhhhh smile 
back from vacation and back to the grind      errr!
"so i was suspicious if our girl <propfemale> was a girl, so we asked the vet     any suggestions for a new name? lil miss <propfemale> just became a <propfirst>!!! ooops  smile "
domestic responcibilities      boooo!
homemade corn chowder and apple crisp     yummm      i love fall!
"so i started the day off with a broken coffee maker and ended the day with a broken cell because i dropped it in the toilet      needless to say, i've had better days  playful "
installing shelves together      what fun!  wink 
"so i have widdled 1206 wedding pics down to my favorite       371 pics later, i think i need another album  smile "
time to hit the gym again      it has been a month so let's see if it kills me  wink 
domestic responcibilities and then having dinner and hanging with friends      lots of fun for halloween!!! yay!!!
tag football is awesome!!!
enjoying the loverly process of penning thank-you notes!!
celebrating 10 years of bliss with my man today!!
so glad it is the weekend finally      can't wait to catch up with sleep!!!
i now have everything i need for the skiing trips in colorado      so excited!!!
"cleaning is very, very difficult and frustrating when a rambunctious kitten is running around trying to eat or play with every little thing you clean!!! grrrr!"
"snuggling and cuddling with the man watching the game      ahhh, perfection!!!!"
yay!! i love it when the hubby makes dinner      he's the best!
"nothing warms you up better on a cold, <propfemale>, and rainy day like venison stew     yummy  smile "
worked 11 hrs and then decided to kick my own ass at the gym      wtf was i thinking?
"is in complete and utter disbelief that the republican party would not want to vote for a healthcare reform act that mandates those who make over 200 k get additional taxes taken out? wow, really?!? (and yes this is sarcasm!)"
going out two nights in a row      what! i feel like i'm in college  wink 
had a wonderfully intoxicated night and feel perfect today      i still got it!!!  wink 
turkey trot      my way to the gym  wink 
"is thankful for fantastic friends, a clean <propmale> of health, and a wonderful husband!!! happy turkey day!"
feeling crappy and sick of coughing up green stuff      not how i had planned to spend my day off!  sad 
i so got carded today while buying cough syrup      wtf!
"shake your grove thang, shake your grove thang, ya ya!!!"
making some deer chili and then hittin up the gym     
paid days off are much preferred to working       monday blues  sad '
"f the saint's in the a wothout a c!!!! say it with me ne, defense!"
i think i like the news of a larger than e playful ected x-mas bonus      boooya!
"idk, but is it bad news when you walk into a liquor store to get a 6 pack and walk out with a 5th of rum, a 5th of schnapps, and a 6 pack?"
cuddling up to a huge mug of steamy delightful coffee      yum!
"skiing in colorado in less than a week      whooohoooo! pizza, pizza, pizza, french fry!  wink "
"enjoying a lazy ice day at home, cuddled up with coffee and the kitties  smile "
treking to colorado for a fun skiing or falling adventure 
"i may suck at skiing, but my falling is spectacular!!! lol!!!"
"work, work, work  sad  far too much paperwork and not enough playing!!! glad tomorrow is finally friday!"
i have no idea why they call them short work weeks because all you do is cram the same amount of shit into less time!!!! 11 hr work days is boardering on slavery  so exhausted!
"where did all the rum go?!?! i'll tell you, right into my yummy rum cake!!!!  smile "
is thankful for wonderful friends who i get to spend the holidays with  chrismas dinner just wouldn't be the same with out a full table!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!
"the day of rest is over; gym, cleaning, shopping  booooo!!!"
making an attempt at beading and making earrings  playful 
thinks bouncing on inflatables while at work makes for an awesome day  smile !!! such a kid!
"gym, shower, out to celebrate the new year! i'm so the dd  sad  "
movie then bed!!!! a long work week ahead!!!
"the best things in life are from vermont: cheddar cheese, real <propfemale> syrup, <propmale> & <propfirst>'s ice cream and my <propfemale> and me"
red!!!!
"feeling a bit foggy still, but boy is breakfast at 2 smile 0 pm amazing!!!!!"
"gym, grocery shopping, cooking dinner      so domestic!!!!!"
car shopping in the morning      i so better come home with something!!!!
loving that new car smell!!!
wtf-- i've never hit an animal before and first day with a new car and i take out a fucking coon      little bastard!!!!
gym then who knows what     
thinks the whirlpool is the best invention ever!!!!
"in the kitchen, making some marinated steak with caramelize onions, onion mashed potatoes, and baby carrots      a pinapple upsidedown cake on the side to top it all off     yum!"
to workout or nap that is the question     
"? ? ? if you are a woman that has a wonderful husband that works hard and would do anything for you, then repost this    because great men are few and far between, and i appreciate and love mine ? ? ?"
"feeling accomplished and productive but it's paycheck friday, weekends here, god almighty, i'm gonna get drunk and be somebody!!!!"
my fine is $445  lol
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (feeling brave? copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get )"
an emotionally draining day       sad 
bored      
"is it childish to want a game night? board games, cards, anything fun!"
"so, i told <propmale> he was a catch  his response was: oh yeah, like one of those catches where your drudging the bottom of the ocean with a net, then i get all caught up in the netting and you wanna throw me back, but shit, i'm already dead, so what's the point in throwing me back now  such a smartass, but i love him "
"hot chocolate and rice pudding, both with lots of whip cream      delicious!"
looking forward to the weekend and 7 more days till my girls are here      ohhh yay!!!!!
"my <propfemale> cat is attracted to shiny stuff and tried to eat a sewing needle      needless to say, we made an une playful ected trip to the vets to remove it from the top of his mouth!!! poor baby!"
snow day in wichita        white fluffy stuff is fun to play in  smile 
"one of those days, but who gives a shit as i am counting down till my girls get here      3 days to go!!!!!"
"an amazing 4 day weekend awaits me full of awesome friends, fun dancing, and lots of good times      woohoo!"
howling it up at coyote ugly at okc!!!!! wooohoooo!
12 hours of sleep is a marvelous thing indeed!
me thinketh the gym and i need to rekindle our friendship     
"after monday and tuesday, even the calender says wtf! long, tiring, interesting day     never dull by any means  frowny "
is excited to hear there is a shrek 4 movie coming out in may      omg puss and boots gets fat like the mr  tweeker 
cleaning and then time to hit the gym     booooo!
time to turn that frown upside down and get back to business     
"chicken parm and garlic bread are delicious!!! yummy, yummy  smile "
i hate head colds      nothing worse then the balloon head feeling!  sad 
"the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; the optimist, the opportunity in every difficulty --- annoyed  p  jacks"
estatic to see <propfemale>      yay!!!!
all i have to say after today is ouchie!!
arrrrgg      11 hr work days with limited sleep and then trying to work out makes for a very sleepy mrs  putnam!
thinks nothing awakens the senses like the smells of springtime     fresh cut grass and pretty posies everywhere      ahhhhh!  smile 
"so decorated easter eggs and dyed my hands pretty pink, blue, and purple     hehe  smile "
watching the opening spanks versus red sox      let's go sox!!!!
my family is full of surprises      omg!
softball games       let's kick some butt!
"does online shopping really count as shopping? shhhhhh, i won't tell if you won't  wink "
"does not think it is a good idea to answer the door for the cops with a shirt that says \i love beer\""       just not a good idea!"""
nothing helps you relax more than a pedicure and a loooooooooooong bubble bath      awww  smile 
"i'm going fishin', i'm going fishin', i'm going fishin'   lalala   yay!!!!!"
why must the weekend always come to an end? can't i have a 5 day weekend and a 2 day work week? a lady can dream can't she?
"my zoom, zoom is making funny noises when i shift      not a good sign  8 am apt to see what is wrong! glad it is under warrenty!!!!"
"note to self: for future reference, always double check to make sure i take the worms out of the trunk the day i go fishing      do not wait until there is a noticeable, indeterminable odor fouling up that new car smell  sad "
 love  i have the sweetest husband ever    so concerned and worried       love 
tgif    
my legs feel like j-e-l-l-o!!!! an hour of cardio and i am so ready for a nap!!! ouchie
"taking a mental health day, and enjoying a three day weekend with my <propfemale>  smile "
may be the crazy cat lady at heart     
tgif     whooohoo for the weekend!  smile  hometo vermont in less then a month  smile 
"rain, rain go away! i'm suppose to go to the zoo today and it is a bit damp for that   i want sunshine!!!!!"
"i love cooking, but why does my kitchen not clean up after its self? yuck!"
"two options for today's activities: 1) be responcible and clean my house or 2) enjoy the beautiful sun, pool side with a cool drink      tough choice   ha!"
the anticipation is killing me       smile 
"up at 5 smile 0 to head to hays, ks for the day for work      not how i want to start my monday  sad "
four more days until vt     boy could i use a vacation!
mountain therapy in progress!!!! nothing beats home sweet home!
nothing like a night with my girls!! so much fun!
"i l love vermont, too bad i am in kansas again  sad "
movie with the hubby!
trying a new recipe      let's see how this goes!  smile 
"three day weekend      hells yes!!! did some fishing, my nails, hopefully some swimming, and lots of other fun stuff!"
gym and and then laying by the pool with a cool slushy drink sounds like a marvelous plan for tomorrow!  smile 
"is excited for dinner      making pulled bbq pork, baked beans, corn on the cob, and baby carrots     perhaps something sweet for dessert  smile  yum!"
feels as crispy as kfc chicken      i am in some serious need of aloe to marinate myself in      just one of those hazards of being at the pool while at work  smile 
why can't working out be as fun as working on my tan?!? totally not fair!  smile 
missing my girlies in verm love nt      1 month to go until total awesomeness!
excited to hear good news about the fam for once and <propmale> has next saturday off so planning a trip to kc to go to a kick ass water park  smile  yay!
is it the weekend yet? tired and can't wait for vacation!
so excited that i got a day off with my hubby yesterday!!!! so nice to be able to spend the whole day together for once      stupid work schedules!!!!
thinks the central air is the greatest invention ever      95 degrees thislate at night is bs!
can't believe i found two kittens on the white line of a road out in the middle of no where! how can some people be so cruel?
"sad, very, very sad about the <propfemale>  crying "
"exhausted from this weekend      fun times with friends, and perhaps a bit of hope for the <propfemale>, but now i need a nap "
hurray!!!!!! i am getting a new <propfemale> and the <propfemale> a new life!!!!!!!
"wants to go back to school shopping! i don't care if i'm not going back to school, i think this time of year deserves a shopping spree for new cloths  smile "
less than a week til vacation      man does that sound nice      i even get a trip to the beach!!!  smile 
getting the new <propfemale> tomorrow      yay!
has a another <propfemale>!!! yay!
two more days until vacation!!!
packing and up early to go to the airport!!! here i come home sweet home!
"beautiful vermont      76 degrees, <propfemale>, and fresh crisp air!!!! i l love vermont!!!"
movies with the sis (in-law) and then up early to head to the beach in maine!!!!
 love  i l love vermont!  love 
strawberry topped pancakes for breakfast at 1 smile 0 pm is excellent      now to lounge around the pool for the last day of summer 
running errands and rocking out to some tunes in the car      
found an amazing new bead store and made some beautiful new earrings!! yay!!!!
why is my mischievous <propfemale> taking the kitten under his wing to mentor him in evil trouble making ways?
thinks it <propfemale> good day to shoot my bow       smile 
drained and dragging a**
it's finally f r i d a y ! whoooohoooo!
"apparently, in the mid-west it is a common custom to add bacon and onions to green beans      who knew, but bacon added to anything is a win win!  smile "
feels like i am being dive-bombed by jets while in my living room     air show going on a little to close to home!!!
"my apt smells like a delicious mix of crisp fall air, pumpkin spice candle, and warm baked apple crisp   i may be in heaven!!!!"
four day weekend full of fun and adventure      here we come <propfirst>!
six flags and lots of roller coaster fun      yay!
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!!
"i may be old enough to know better, but i'm still young enough to try  wink "
"i felt inspired today and was able to start and complete our wedding albums finally! i also put together a book shelf and organized my messy table, and got in some good cuddling time with the hubby and kitties!  smile "
thinks favre should have stayed home tonight  sad 
baking a cake     
haysville craft fair again today      come see all our pretty stuff!
"awwww, poor yankees are you gonna cry and fake getting hit by a pitch now?"
"wearing purple and proud      \\please put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay  being gay is not a disease or a choice - people who are gay do not need a cure but acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least one hour? promote love    "
"some days staying in bed is the best possible solution      hopefully, tomorrow goes better than today! grrrrrrr!"
horseback riding tomorrow      yay!
"celebrating 11 wonderful years today with <propmale>      who would have guessed one single note that said check \yes or no\"" would change my life forever  smile """
spent my sat  night field dressing a deer      now that is love!
watching a movie and making venison stew!!! yummy!
my head feels as big as a hot air balloon!!
so it is close to the middle of november and 65 degrees at 9 pm      i love this weather!!!!!!!
"apparently was dreaming about the 80's because i woke up singing, <propfemale>'s \i think we're alone now\""      """
"managed to get a little over 12 hours of sleep last night  smile  i am a much happier person now as i only got 3 hrs the night before, 5 the night before that, and being sick all week  mission for the day accomplished!"
\the hills were alive with wildflowers and i \,f887c01e508ec7a564bd56f13917ff4a,thank you mr  manning! bestplay all game  smile  hehehe!
is dancing in celebration of a five day weekend      whooohooo!
"it is finally official, my legal name is mrs  putnam  i told him it would happen eventually  playful "
"had awesome food with good friends  smile  watched some football, made pretty beaded stuff, and had good convo's, all in all a great day!"
up far to freaking early!!! come visit us at the west y to see our shiny things and enjoy the craft fair  smile 
"relaxing after homemade chili and corn bread, contemplating ways to not have to go back to work tomorrow      5 days off just makes me want more days off!"
"excited to know <propfirst> kennison sevigny ordered the plane tickets and will be spending new year's with us      watch out wichita, this could mean trouble "
"typical sunday afternoon   watching football, doing some cooking and cleaning, and chillaxing!"
"came home from work due to the stomach flu and then proceeded to take a 3 hr nap      awww, now to sit and watch the new shrek movie then off to bed early!"
t g i f 
"so i realize i am behind the curve here, but i have finally watched the first two twilight movies and all i have to say is that <propfemale> and <propfirst> need to frickin' do it already! jeez!"
disheartened and mourning the loss of a young life who left this world much too soon    no one knows why the the good die young  crying 
tis the season to       have a vacation! enjoying a three day weekend!  smile 
"the stockings are <propmale>, tree decorated, presents wrapped, christmas cookies baked now it is time for this <propfemale> to enjoy some cookies with eggnog coffee and guard the tree with the waterspray bottle so the kitties don't knock it over  smile "
"has shiny new earrings that <propfemale> like diamonds      oh, wait they are  smile "
shoe shopping  smile 
learned how to make crab ragoons  smile  and they taste great!
days like today suck and my job is not all fun and games      so vacation time! colorado slopes here i come!
mountains here i come!
first day in colorado awesome! time to hit the slopes tomorrow!
"watching <propfirst> c  putnam and our <propfemale> play fetch! yes, our <propfemale> plays fetch   "
"exhausted, both emotionally and physically    "
"busy, busy <propfemale> today     lots of fun planned w  friends  smile "
"no wonder our cats have weight issues, nibbles  must have cholesterol problems too because he can't seem to get enough butter or french fries that he keeps stealing    "
you can imagine my delight at knowing we have gotten 5-6 inches of snow and my car is perfectly cleaned off before i touch it  i back out fine and then realized where all the snow went      about 10 ft away in the huge ass drift i was then stuck in      grrr to kansas wind!
"* * * let it snow, let it snow, let it snow * * *"
"? it's been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy and you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are   "
"all of this beautiful warm weather has given me spring fever, which means only one thing      it's time for a spring shopping spree! booyay!"
far to early to be awake      more coffee plz
"got over 13 hrs of sleep today      if sleeping was a profession, i would be a ceo by now!"
"little miss you'll go so far, little miss hide your scars, little miss who you are are so much more than you like to talk about     "
retail therapy is amazing just like my new 5 5 inch heels!! i  love  them!
needs to go dancing      i miss the good ol' days 
a beautiful <propfemale> day with 75-80 degree temps      playing laser tag at work     looking forward to a great day  smile 
spring skiing in colorado      whoohoo!
awesome ski trip with tons of fun and great friends      now back to work  sad 
"he fresh smell of lilacs and spring in my office are the only thing keeping me sane      oh, and that fact that it is finally friday!"
"82 degrees, <propfemale>, with a slight breeze is perfect weather for a softball game     "
worked 21 hrs in two days      sleep is needed!
"long week, so thank goodness it is the weekend!"
a peaceful night at home with the hubby  smile 
mental health day off to a good start    just woke up      now what to do?
what to do on easter when you don't celebrate and all the damn stores are closed      ?
"well it was friday in the p m \and just like every weekend\i was ready to throw down\yeah i get a little tore up       \am i the only one who wants to have fun tonight?"
"excited to finally be able to watch a sox game, but then i get sad because of the dunkin donut posters behind home plate  sad "
aweful cold day for softball     
fighting the spring chill with cornbread and chili      yum!
"feeling tired, grumpy, and jsut wanting to go back to bed because coffee is not helping today   sad "
"anticipating the arrival of summer and laying by the pool, working on my tan, reading a trashy book, all while enjoying a cool slushy drink in my hand      hurry up summer!!!!"
has at least one thing in common with a lobster    bring on my summer tan  smile 
just another manic monday!
