ae3418b962054f259e896ef92019f7fb
my legs huurrrrrt! damn those lunges straight to hell 
"what's on my mind? a very large, very cold beer "
is very excited to watch all you runners tomorrow!
better get to the gym while i am still motivated  it fades so fast   
is just completely out of sorts 
is a special kind of crazy today 
is going to see <propmale> tonight   
20 days to vacation   9 whole days!
i think things are looking up 
"had waaaaaaaaay too much fun last night, and oh, it hurts "
11 days to go then i am out of this town for a week!
"it's friday, it's payday, and it's <propfemale>  i am a happy girl "
i am dragging my newly-motivated ass to the gym 
4 hours until vacation!!!! 9 beautiful days off    ahhhhh 
i'm baaaaaack!
has so much fun at the dragon boat festival! almost tipped over just once   
"i need a new profile picture, but am too lazy to transfer my pics from my camera to my computer  so i guess i will just whine about it "
project runway tonight!!!!
got some pre-birthday celebrating to do!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!!!
financing approved! time to car-shop!!!
picking up my new car on wednesday!
"love, love love my new ride!"
going to ikea tomorrow!!
monday  sigh 
i have got to keep the work-out motivation going  any ideas or suggestions? i am open to almost anything 
15 minutes to go at work and i am going to start enjoying my weekend!!
"it's friday, right?"
hurt my back! it's all down hill after 30 
"my back feels better  i guess it was nothing a cocktail of muscle relaxers, advil, miller lite and benadryl couldn't fix "
i don't care at all that it is cold and rainy  it's still payday-friday!
"oh, i am in pain today! partly my own fault, partly not "
i love weather like this on workdays!
i am learning to knit and i 'casted on' last night! so excited to be a little old lady!
looking forward to a weekend of doing as little as possible 
i wonder how many hours of my life i have spent making copies 
this day has been a blur 
wednesday already?! i love when the week moves fast!
worked out first thing this morning before i could talk myself out of it!
"wow, glad that's over "
i love sunday evenings 
woke up in that mood where nothing is really wrong but everything feels wrong  hate that 
snow today? i guess i will have to put away my high heeled shoes and take out my high heeled boots!
"ohhh, red wine is so mean to my poor head in the morning   "
"i am determined to have a healthy week  3-4 workouts, no going out to eat  now who wants to hold me accountable?  smile "
"i am looking forward to a quick happy hour after work, a good dinner then project runway!"
trying to figure out what to do for halloween tomorrow    the most sacred of all holidays 
so my normal pirate costume has become a slutty pirate costume courtesy of my roomies! i better hide the scissors   
"fun weekend! now let's have a good, productive week "
"just not a happy girl today  can't pinpoint why, either "
who says i can't?
is feeling pent-up 
"is looking forward to a haircut, a quiet dinner and an early bedtime "
my lips are peeling off! wonder if my chapstick is toxic   
dinner with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tonight!
"thank you, veterans!"
has a challenge on my hands today  am i ready? think so 
is hoping that purse is still there    why didn't i buy it two weeks ago??? idiot!
going to the gym   hope motivation finds me there!
"i am finally knitting! clumsily, slowly, but knitting!"
"i love a few things more than a 3 day work week  for example, a two-day work week, a one-day work week    "
today is my thursday! and you know how i love my thursdays!
"vodka and i have officially broken up  goodbye, citron  you were very mean to me today "
i love christmas decorating! anyone want me to come do their house ?  smile 
i am buried in work! maybe staying off of facebook would help 
what the heck? my work piles didn't shrink on their own last night? what's that about?
i can't believe it's thursday already! yahoo!
"i sure didn't want to, but i worked out and had a good weigh-in!"
my office is freeeeezing!
"i rode the bull  despite my sore unmentionables, i am officially considering myself a cowgirl "
flu shot day has arrived!
"citron, it's back on "
i hate uploading photos!!! but i like tagging them   
i need a good workout tonight to feel like i am back on top of things!
new year's <propfemale> plans are coming together! i need a dress!
"work, library, tanning, gym, and now a beer at aces - what a full and lovely day!"
"we shopped our flippin' faces off, and somehow, we are still smiling!"
"plans are set, gifts are wrapped, tree is decorated  bring on the christmas!"
"oh, boy    "
i got my head straightened out this morning and i feel a little lighter!
is grateful for a certain little elf out there doing a bunch of shopping and errands while i have to work    thank you!!!
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone! heading to party #5 and i hope that everyone is having a safe and happy holiday!"
i am in search of silver heels for new years    any suggestions?
"nice freakin' side streets, superior! can't tell you how much i love those ice ruts!"
heading to minneapolis!!!
"best new year's i can remember! great dinner, wine, champagne, and my favorite person! i very much like 2011 "
"love my new craptop, <propfemale>! thanks again!"
"oh my god, i am buried at work today! that's what i get for taking vacation "
super excited to try yoga today!
"according to my horoscope, my 'inner child' is throwing a temper tantrum  look out "
heading to the y to take the 'drums alive' class   hope it's fun!
"if i survive this crazy work day, i get to try zumba tonight!"
boring ol' beige 
"ok, so zumba is really fun, and it really hurts!!! (good pain)"
loving this lazy sunday!
what a non-stop day  desperately needing some down time!
looking forward to yoga today 
i loved the step class at the y tonight! i also love just sitting on my ass right now!
today is my friday  good for me 
is dragging a bit today  in all manners of speaking 
i was up too late last night! bad girl!
if you get a notification that says i commented on a photo of you and it takes you to some crazy thing    i didn't!
can't wait to kick back with some project runway tonight!
trying my best not to be pouty  at least it's friday   
"gearing up for 'bums and tums' at the y tonight  after this weekend, i need it "
heading to the eye doctor  going to get some new smart-girl glasses that i will spend hundreds of dollars on and then never wear 
flannel sheets are my new favorite thing! except getting out of bed was even harder than usual 
"doppelganger week on facebook, huh? well, i guess if you had been told you look <propfirst> lohan, you probably wouldn't be posting a pic either, now would you?"
"so here we are again, monday  what do you have in store for me?"
"ok, time to get very serious about exercise and eating right "
my stress level has just gone through the roof 
"i am fully prepared to make today a better day than yesterday  and if all else fails, <propmale> gunn and a bottle of zin will be there to console me tonight "
looking forward to a weekend of no big plans 
aaaagh!!!! why is facebook different again??? i don't want to see the stupid news feed!
i am so frustrated!!!
i skipped yoga to go to guads  there  i confessed 
"ohhh nooo, i feel a cold coming on   "
i am so ready for a lovely weekend!
i wish i had a trip to look forward to  this time of the year is so long   
"i am dreading checking the bank account right now, but gotta do it    deep breath, fingers crossed   "
"i know i say this every thursday, but i can't wait for project runway!"
"i didn't work out today, but i did resist burger <propmale> for lunch  i consider that a success "
looking forward to 'bums and tums' tonight!
exhausted 
"well, things are really starting to turn around  knocking on wood as i say this "
"it's monday, but at least i have new shoes!"
my stomach seems to be a bottomless pit today  i've been hungry every 15 minutes or so right after eating!
"hmm, should i go to the drums alive class or take a walk?"
i love sundays with no obligations!
"i simply couldn't have more work to do, yet here i am wasting time!"
getting ready for 'core and more' tonight - i hear it's a tough workout!
"looking forward to making lasagna, opening some wine, and watching <propfemale>'s next top model!!!"
come on 4 smile 0    come on   
getting ready for a band of brothers marathan   guess who's pick?    smile 
i only have to work 3 days this week!!! i love knowing that monday is already my wednesday!
bums and tums at the y tonight followed by texas roadhouse for dinner  it's all about balance   
"only have to work until noon, then starting my mini-vacation!!!!"
back to work tomorrow  guess i'm ready 
"i need some fun dinner ideas  cooking, not going out "
"as long as it's saturday, i don't mind housework!"
looking forward to ribs in the crock pot tonight!
"the ribs turned out great, going to try my hand at creole shrimp tonight "
"please, please someone motivate me to go to my fitness class tonight!"
"after work: nice little walk, beef enchilidas, wine and antm!!!"
"ooohh, toothache!! better not last all weekend "
lethargy!
"let's be more productive today, katey "
doing my taxes tonight   this is going to be bad  sad 
"something about an eye brow wax changes my life perspective  until they grow back, of course "
"grrr  either getting sick or allergy season has set in  not a fan, either way!"
"just sent my first payment off to the irs  i have to admit, it was a little painful "
friday! you're here!
at work and buried alive 
my work piles did not do themselves last night? what is up with that?!
"is it better that it's friday, or payday?"
just discovered pandora    wow  what took me so long?
"i didn't mean to send anyone a 'bff gift' (fb application) so if you received one from me, i'm sorry!"
"slept terribly, quite crabby "
what a difference a good night of sleep can make!
i wish i could play outside before it rains 
"oh, i want a quiet evening tonight "
"i am far, far too busy for a friday  i just want to curl up with books and movies and wine  is that so much to ask?"
"going to the gym, visiting with grandma, then going to a jazz concert at greysolon that i won tickets for!  fun day!"
is super excited for someone today      smile 
"i am sore from my neck down  i can feel you, muscles   now let's see you!"
time for a party!
"lots of parties and fun and cream cheese-based goodies this weekend! now, back to watching the calories "
i'm glad i'm sore from classes last night  i needed the punishment!
i don't want to be inside working on my computer  i want to be outside working on my tan!
i need one more day to recover from the weekend   i am not a spring chicken anymore!
4-day work week!
it's a gorgeous day and i have the next 4 days off!!!!
dropped my boy off at the airport  sad 
another short work week to look forward to!
i forgot how much i love my sex and the city dvds  ironing clothes last night was fairly painless with the 'girls' in the background!
bringing some clothes and shoes to a consignment store today  has anyone else done this?  i don't know what to e playful ect 
back to work tomorrow    boo!
i should never take time off of work  all i can say is   oh my god 
looking for a part time job  anybody know of anything or have any good ideas?
i want to do absolutely nothing tonight  except some wine and tv 
top chef starts tonight!!!!
"ohhh, got to get up so early to get a good spot at the marathon tomorrow!"
getting my hair cut later    trying to decide what to do with it!
i don't know how to work my bangs 
i have been entirely too productive today  i definitely deserve an evening of kicking back with top chef 
heading to the cities tomorrow! it will be very nice to get out of cloudy rainy superior  even if it's raining there 
had a great weekend of overindulging in the cities!
why does the irs make it so difficult to give them money? don't they want it?
just call me lobster girl 
strawberry vodka? yes 
dish network is getting installed today  can't wait to catch up on true blood!!!!!!
who stole all my energy? so tired 
looking forward to my pier 1 shopping spree this weekend 
does anyone want to put on a blond wig and sit at my desk for the afternoon?
"my pier 1 shopping spree left something to be desired  fortunately, tj maxx paid off "
"not off to a great start, but hoping things turn around today "
"if i don't make it to the gym today, someone has to cut off my food supply "
3 hours until the weekend! lots of fun stuff planned 
let's see if this can be the first weekend of my life where i stay on track with calories 
"after one week of diligent calorie counting, i lost a pound! let's keep this momentum going "
bad sleep = bad mood 
i love <propfemale> nights!
"on deck for this week: a trip to rice lake (for work), sweltering heat, 4 workouts, and a productive, positive attitude "
down two pounds! this is a big deal for me because i've been stuck for months!
another pound gone! it is so gratifying when your hard work pays off!
i'm outta here!
"one long week, then 2 short weeks back to back!"
super excited for a certain person who had a great interview today!
that's it! i am going on a spending diet  i am 32 and have a good job - i should not be broke all the time!
these allergies are killing me! if i sneeze one more time    
"wow, i am feeling loved! thanks for all the birthday wishes, guys!!!"
"4 day weekend coming up! going fishing with dad, seeing some friends, and lots of sleeping late!"
2 more days until i go back to work  that's beautiful thing 
yay! fitness classes at the y start today!
"hmmm, there are worse things than having a cute guy cook you dinner at 10 smile 0 pm     smile "
"wow, i've acquired two new jobs in one week  i might actually be buying christmas presents!"
"tired, tired girl today "
feeling so much better today  nothing like an early bed time to make you feel normal again!
pumpkin cheesecake concrete mixers from culvers were put on this earth to make me fat  and happy  but definitely fat  but extremely happy 
feeling quite hateful today 
come on 4 smile 0! hurry up!
"what is the purpose of patchouli, and why must it linger on everything forever?"
"ok, can't turn my head to either side or up  this is going to be a long, long day "
"aside from the occasional fb check, this weather makes me very productive "
"i am very, very reluctantly dragging myself to my fitness class "
"ready for me again, halloween? i'm coming for you!!"
"i'll be in ashland all day tomorrow for work, then friday off! can't wait for a long, lovely weekend "
is it bad that i have christmas shopping fever already?
need some ine playful ensive date ideas    
presentation in an hour  a little bit nervous 
i'm loving being home today!
"does anyone else stop listening when someone you are having a conversation with uses the phrase, \i'm the kind of person that\""    """
get to have dinner with good friends tonight - can't wait!
flannel sheets time again   yay!!
"hmmm, outback tonight? i think yes "
and the tree is up!
it's my thursday!!! yay!
glad i live so close to work  those roads were kinda nasty this morning 
"stomach flu: 1, katey 0  hope you never come visit me again, jerk "
so i didn't realize we were closed on thursday as well as friday until today!! what a blond 
i need to do a cleanse following this past week's sugar-butter-wine-cream cheese binge 
"so after 2 years of not being sick, i get the stomach flu and some nasty chest cold within 10 days of eachother "
it's definitely going to be another early night for this lady  it's only 2 pm and i am wishing for my pj's and a book 
"away with you, christmas tree "
and the weekend is here 
i'm in a burger and a beer kind of mood 
"feeling pretty lucky right now  i love the weekends, but when monday comes around, i like my job, too   smile "
craving chinese food!
"come on katey, go to the gym "
"since discovering the joy of nutella, i've also discovered 5 lbs "
saw black swan today  all i can say is wow    
terrible sleep and too much to think about = a terrible mood 
"my phone of  3 years took it's last breath this morning  rip, sony ericsson  hope to have a new one tonight   "
"had a lovely <propfirst>'s date with my guy last night, then got to <propfemale> out with the family today  very nice weekend "
"i always want sugar between 3 and 4 pm  bring me treats, pleeease?!"
i got to see so many of my favorite people this weekend!
"yesterday while pealing potatoes, i also peeled my knuckle  painful and disgusting "
i have terrible spring fever and i want a vacation 
"i've probably seen steel magnolias 545 times since 1989, and it still makes me cry!"
"after a great date night, i am feeling all happy and reconnected  quality time is so important!"
why wouldn't it snow the day after i take the fleece liner out of my columbia?
