87b5784c87908e0e421cc9be67240bb4
"our keyboard chemistry is undeniable, i just really think that    oh my gosh!-zaboo-the guild"
rawr! type anything on here! i need more stufffz!
palin 2012!
omg please don't tell me im going to get hooked on facebook now playful 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring  28 laugh own to earth  29 sad ool  30: a friend  smile  
omg this day just keep getting better and better!(i'm being sarcastic)
hahaha im watching the little house on the prairie  playful  what has this world come to laugh 
going to go play left 4 dead laugh  anyone is welcome to join playful  gamertag: outcast <propfemale>
"warning: my friends <propfemale>, <propfirst> correa, and <propfirst> can make anything you say sound pervered   but so can i playful !"
everyone ready for the office? i am laugh 
woot im totally ready for the office its gunna be on in 1 minute!
getting ungrounded on monday laugh  maybe sooner^ ^
ok its midnight right now and i have no idea why i got on here but im tired and im going back to bed laugh 
first day of break laugh 
first day of break: sucks balls!
"i have been, i am, and will always be in love with the phantom of the opera!"
"i will be completelyhonest for 24 hours    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get  smile "
ok lets see i went to bed at midnigth because i finished reading a good book but at night i had a dream about a old couple falling into a pool and i saved one of them but the guy didnt want to be saved  nickel hurt himself on the shoulder and there was blood all over the way  kallsen was in it too dancing  oh and i think <propfirst> was in it    weird right?
"ok lets see i went to bed at midnight because i finished reading a good book but at night i had a dream about a old couple falling into a pool and i saved one of them but the guy didnt want to be saved  nickel hurt himself on the shoulder and there was blood all over the wall(like a lot)  kallsen was in it too,    dancing  oh and i think <propfirst> was in it    weird right?"
ok people im gonna be completely honest for a few hours so from 5pm today(wednesday) to 5am on friday morning if you send me a message asking a question i will answer it honestly smile  i don't even think this will work but im super bored so ask away people laugh !
only one more dayd:! ok i am totally going to laze around today no questions asked!
ninja assassin is the best movie ever!
ok today was good but in outdoor <propmale>  we went rock climbing and i fell on my butt while trying to get down then my friend slipp<propmale> and i almost got my body torn in half smile  the rest of the day was o k until i had a weird mood swing on the bus    so yes it could've been totally better annoyed       2 weeks
omg im having a bad night and i won't be there for my field trip to the rockclimbing place because i have a dentist appointment  at thats not the point though i jsut feel really sad  sad 
"i don't read the script, the script reads me !"
"me annoyed eww this stuff is weird i like it better when its all slushie and it tastes like cherry\"" jon annoyed ""its not supposed to be a slushy\"" me annoyed ""    oh\"""""
"\wendy pick up the gum wrapper\"" me: \"" i am not picking that up\""!"""
"so hows bubbles? \bubbles <propfemale> really\""  \""yup\"""""
ok really can everyone just calm down because im about to die    thankyou
finally putting up christmas lights so come by and see em laugh  (i dont care if they look crappy cmon people celebrate the christmas season)!
ok i go into the bathroom to go wash my hands and i look up at the mirror and i have a huge red <propfirst> on my forehead and im just like great! i don't know when it happened but its there -_- so im just wondering did any of you guys who saw me today see anything??????
oh wow 5 <propfemale> essay   i got one <propfemale> done laugh ! yeah im going to grab this bull by its horns    wait   
yes bam done with that essay laugh  and its only 8 o-clock i think this is my best time yet on finishing papers or homeowrk for that matter annoyed 
why did my head have to hurt a little while after the bus started moving  why!
wow im still eating a candycane from forever ago  but it tastes delicious 
"i love it when i go to the mall and i pass by a piece of garment that my mom happens to find so cute and when she tells me about it one of the store clerks happens to comes by and tells me to try it on   i say no and keep insisting that its not my style when he keeps insisting that its everyones style and you can wear it on a date, at home, in the mall, grocery shopping and all i want is to get out of there playful !"
bored out of my mind = dancing to lady gaga's bad romance and trying to match her dance moves  (do you see what boredom does to me laugh !!!!!!!)
christmas is the time for snow laugh 
<propfemale> christmas  laugh  the new year is on its way laugh  (btw: im going to go see sherlock holmes today so i'll know the story plot before you all do laugh )  cant wait till wednesday
i was looking on my sisters camera and i found some awesome videos of me from maybe like 8th or 7th grade dancing to these hilarious songs  im pondering if i should put them up or not     nah!
are we having an a day tomorrow or a b day tomorrow i am so confused! i don't even know if they're(keller isd) going to let us go to school tomorrow b c it'll be below freezing again !
i got grounded for a month     this is so gay    well i still have my ipod and the people i care about  it's not so bad afterall  playful 
team <propmale>! team <propmale>! you think you know someone!
yea no comment    worst 4 day week ever 
singing to phantom of the opera with the speakers on and totally hitting a 10 second high note perfectly        priceless  somethings money can't buy 
"i totally just bent down to pick up  my cats food when my head comes up and hits the counter really hard  now my head hurts, its throbbing and i have a huge bump on my head   and a headache  sad "
i get by with a little help from my friends 
i'm going to start to learn a new language whether you like it or not  if you choose to join me that's your choice but when i'll be speaking this language to myself you will have no idea what i'm saying 
"there is a place, like no place on earth  a land full of wonder, mystery and danger  some say to survive it you need to be as mad as a hatter  which luckily, i am "
"the only good thing about today was the morning before class, after lunch and the bus ride home  that's about it the rest was gay and made me annoyed "
i have no idea what celebrity i look like so im just not gunna do it  playful 
man i love b days b c my <propmale> class is always hilarious! haha
"ok i got this great idea for a new product, it's called the suck it! it teaches little kids to pick up their toys  laugh "
ok so <propmale> and <propfemale> is the funniest aggrivating story ever and who wouldn't want to be on the side of the capulets   laugh 
i hate it when i'm watching movies and then all of a sudden i start putting people i know as the characters in the movies  it makes my mind all weird and confused afterwards  annoyed 
i love watching anime but not when i start thinking about how much i really want that stuff to happen to me! d:
i love waking up to my dad at 6:25 in the morning and i was about to find out something important in my dream but i can't anymore because i'm awake  and he tells me that i have to get up when i usually get up at 6:45!
worse part of the day was falling on on my ass because i slipped on some water and getting up to find out that i scraped my knee pretty badly  annoyed  ugh i hate you natatorium 
archery tournament  shake and bake!  laugh 
watched zombieland today and i think it is amazing laugh  love love love it! <propmale> is my new hero^^
darn you guitar tuning! *throws guitar against the wall* ok lets try this again playful 
"\it's cheaper to buy body bags when they are used so says hunters education laugh \"""""
wooo! b day tomorrow  laugh      wait what? taks? you gotta be joking i look forward to my b days and you go ahead and tell me that we have taks 
going to watch juno and across the universe on the computer soon  laugh  fun fun!
thursday is my favorite day of the week  everything good happens on thursday and plus    pam is having her baby!
new haircut  smile  now i just have to style it
gosh i'm so bored of going on conjuguemos and telling me that im incorrect b c my finger slipped and i accidently hit the wrong button!
insolent fool! this slave of fashion basking in your <propfemale>  ignorant fool! this brave young suitor  sharing in my triumph!!
"watching pride and prejudice(so of course i'm going to put people i know as the characters)  laugh  and i also have the choice to stay home tomorrow or go to school  annoyed d which one shall i choose ^^?"""
i love watching a scary movie with a friend and making fun of it the whole way so i won't be that scared afterwards  laugh 
i finally got my new converse and now i just feel like parading in them  laugh  oh and keep in mind they are all <propfemale> not one <propfemale>   playful 
i love going to bearcreek park and walking the trails with my mom in jeans and shirt that i wore for that day while everyone wears sweats  laugh  i'll feel uber cool!
"define your meaning of war, to me it's what we do when we're bored  i feel the hea comin' off of the blacktop and it makes me want it more because i'm hyped up, outta control  if it's a fight i'm ready to go  i wouldn't put my money on the other guy,if you know what i know that i know - your going down- sick puppies"
"\and look <propfirst> it's kiddy land!\""-nick \""do i look like some sort of of queer to you?\""-<propfirst>"""
"hahaha, who couldn't live without going on xbox and screaming at two of your friends to get on it while the other is playing forza uno  good times playful "
happy april fools day  laugh      ugh i was never good at this holiday -_- but i shall try my best  laugh !
guess who just got nominated for nahs (national <propmale> honor society)  laugh  i'm uber happy ^^
went to watch clash of the titans last night and saw a whole bunch of girls coming out of the last song crying  i'm almost died of laughter  laugh  !
if mr darcy were real i think i would die because he is just so amazing           smile  i absolutely love love love him~!!
"won't be at school tomorrow, so i guess i'll be missing how to skin a beaver tomorrow with <propfemale> hood d: in outdoor <propmale>  1st period  d: no!!! i so wanted to watch that!"
setting off an alarm at some house when i walk into it        nothing surprising there ^^
"dear my guitar, you have officially caused me pain with the practicing i do with you so now i have come to the conclusion that we will get no where with my skills and now i have a proposition for you  do you want to just try again next year?    good, i'm glad we had this talk "
     rice and chicken soup in a cup makes you want to just through it down the drain    which i did  laugh  oh well i still ate healthy  laugh 
went outside and walked in the rain but when i came back there was a huge spider at the top of the doorway laugh  so i ran inside the house like a cheetah 
going on xbox this weekend  laugh ! back to old times!~
i played eternal sonata for 3 hours today instead of doing my project ^^  laugh  i'm such an overachiever    well whatever time to draw that castle!
"\i just woke up and stared at the t v \"""""
"ok, just found out about the group called gamer chick s on xbox  i can officially call that the stupidest thing i have ever heard of "
going to school at 1 tomorrow then staying home on wednesday  laugh  amazing!
"i hate you people that have to come to my house to look at it, and go through my house and ruin my day of staying home because i have to get out of the house and go somewhere else for an hour and a half and not do anything  and not be picked up until another hour later for me to get back home just to do something else i don't want to do because my family is already home       conclusion   i need a car "
i'm super over obsessing over umbrella corporation and you know what that means! crazy ideas will be made up soon that will probably sound stupid to other people but i don't care   playful 
i'm bored and tired what to do   oh i got it   here i come xbox 
"watching the hills have eyes on my own will      my gosh, what is wrong with me d: i never watch scary movies  annoyed !"
"cut my movie watching short because i started feeling horrible(not because of the movie) i've felt bad all day and now i probably, most likely won't go to school tomorrow "
"watering the plants outside, call me if you need me "
"going to medieval times today  laugh  only bad thing about it is that i had to get \all dressed up\""  ugh i guess it's worth it since i love that place  playful """
everyone say i if i should dye my hair black  laugh !      kidding i'd <propfemale> do that     maybe a red though? ^^
staying home today from school to do my projects  laugh  fun fun
"day started ok, just a lot of different stuff going on my mind but by the end of the day felt a bit better, bus was hilarious and i took a button from a friend  once i got home i plopped on my bed because i was extremely tired all day just tried not to show it  laugh  i'm so ready for it to be summer "
"went to bed at 12 last night, woke up 3 times during the night and woke up one last time to get up but my mom was yelling at me to get up and i thought she meant get up i'm late for school so i got up and hit my head on my beds header, then ran to my dresser but hit my toe really hard     then realizing that it's saturday and she meant get up people are going to see the house  2nd showing!"
"spent a few hours playing ground war on mw2, so yeah i'll probably go back for round two of awesomeness!"
"lights out, wake up, stay calm ,decide, reach up, stand or be an eyesore! - eyesore  by janus"
"got a new haircut  laugh  looks really different    it's not long anymore \ playful  i'm going to miss my long hair but i think it still looks awesome """
gotta love those interesting stories that are told on the bus ride home  playful 
"went to kroger to get <propfemale> for one of my classes and popcorn, and while looking for <propfemale> i tried to get chocolates but found that each one of them were processed in a place with peanuts or had peanuts in them  so i just decided to settle for dum dums and skittles  laugh "
"bowling today, then crazy ddrness with my <propfemale> at the arcade at brunswick, bruise on my arm (don't know how i got that) and and itchy bug bite on my neck  laugh  amazing memorial day "
talked with my friend last night until he had to leave for military training at 4 smile 0 (his time)   annoyed  hope he doesn't get yelled at by the captian sergeant  too much d:!
 laugh  rain won the biggest bad ass award for his movie ninja assassin  laugh  i was so happy and screamy in my living room  i love you rain  oh oh and they had a system of a down song playing in the background so it made it 10x more bad ass ^^>!
"getting my own xbox soon  laugh  no more having to borrow my brothers everysingle time he's at work  hazaa! i'll be kickn ass, shooting zombie brains, getting my friends pissed off, killing things with my bro at multi-player and oh yeah playing some modern wafare "
all my life i had been wondering what triggered my eyes to change the color that it does from brown to green  it's mostly just a brown with a small small rim of green and i thought it was b c of colors i wore or the lightness darkness  but i finally figured out what triggered it 
so i might have convinced my mom to get me a compound bow for one of my years in highschool playful  haha good thing i'm amazing at archery or else that bow would have no use in my possession  laugh  but i won't shoot an animal and that's final      unless it's a stupid human  wink 
"watch out sophmore year  you got a new girl <propfemale> coming right for you and going to punch you in the face  new woman, new awesomeness, and same as always funny but with a bit more spark  hacha> ! i will destory anyone who get's in my way of being me or trying to change me  *stands on a rock with waves smashing behind me* *smiles* *ding*"
cheetos and candy    my weaknesses    
went to southlake and did some pretty wild stuff   in the rain   kidding   not that wild  but saw two friends  laugh  and umm lets see what else oh yeah i got my butt all wet because i tried to slide down the bars by the harkins theatre  didn't work out to well but it was fun sitting up there 
"hmm, i haven't changed my profile picture in a long while      who cares because i sure as hell don't! cheerio mates  smile  and a ohiyo from <propfemale> where these kangeroos swim along the ocean floor in good ol antartica   laugh "
nahs reserved parking fundraiser! fun stuff! i'll be volunteering on aug  9th 11am to 2pm and same time on aug  11th when sophmores go pick up their schedules  be sure to find me there  smile  i may be outside in the blistering heat though painting <propfirst> down on a reserved park space  playful  
if people don't recognize me on wednesday then i'll probably kill a baby  the reason why people may not recognize me is     well you'll just find that out on wednesday now won't you  i hope to see some friends at school schedule pick up!
"schedule annoyed \1a spanish 3-vigil\\2a pti-salge\\3a health-hatchett\     prin arts av tech  comm-ward\\1b w hist-bundy\\2b web tech- thillen\\3b geom pre-ap-phelps\\4a and b eng 2 pre-ap--rankin"
i'm going to be changing my schedule   probably  so keep a look out for a new schedule    maybe  smile !
"my new schedule(2a changed) annoyed \1a spanish 3-vigil-105\\2a chemistry - mcdaniel-210\      \\3a health-hatchett-120\\prin arts av tech  comm-ward\-200b\\1b w hist-bundy-143\\2b web tech- thillen-200d\\3b geom pre-ap-phelps-240\\4a and b eng 2 pre-ap--ranki-121"
"guess who's stressing over schedules and who's going to be in my classes  yup you guessed right, its me~!  smile  i hate the week before school starts "
i just made a complete fool out of myself and i have no one to blame but myself  jeeze 
"found out what lunches i have  smile  awesomeness  a day- a lunch \b day- d lunch "
"\justice!\"""""
i'm still weighing out if i like a day better or b day better but i'm pretty sure b day is winning for the moment  playful  let's see how the rest of the week goes  *thumbs up for positiveness*
do what you want because if not then you'll have those dumb regrets in your life  so basically i'm gunna do what i want  thank you conscious  *goes and steals a balloon on free balloon day* (no not like that  playful !) anywho  laugh 
"austin: \it's this answer mr  vigil \""\",87b5784c87908e0e421cc9be67240bb4,"standing up and dancing in the cafeteria to guys singing on <propfemale>'s zune? yup, that's what i did   smile  i love a lunch "
bumping into a freshman kid  getting a 78 on a test  playing on the computer at school  getting out of class to meet with a friend  watching cheerleaders dance to out of sync music and dancing infront of people while they get to their bus  all in a days work   laugh 
don't forget what happened on 9 11 everyone 
"i know you know, ok i got it, i got the concept! -hades!!!"
cant! hold! on! much! longer!       gotta love in between the lions  laugh 
there's nothing like an archery club painting poster meeting  everyone check it out it's in the commons  smile  join archery club! next meeting is on september 24th in the old gym; afterschool 
i took a book from the library afterschool and wrote down what book i got on a piece of paper for the librarians so they could put it in  next day i get interrogted by most of my teachers about the book  great! i thought the paper was enough 
lunchables for lunch  laugh  best lunch <propfemale>!
sekhar has taught me something      about    truth day  bam truth day tomorrow  smile !
me and me friends we fly in great metal bird  fly fly  then plumit! swoooooo  smash ground  then we emerge and we bring happiness and good greating 
listening to rin-asuka kawa      smile !
resident evil marathon tomorrow  laugh ! fun fun fun   and piano lessons    can't wait 
<propfirst> kong e playful ress or panda e playful ress on my birthday!  laugh  yesh!
he's a trash can full of poop - little peguin from surfs up  laugh !
thank you everyone for this fantastic day smile  a lot of crazy stuff happened and i have my family and friends to thank for it smile  so thanks again ^^ *cough* i got a new camera  *cough cough*
finally done with the nahs drawings for love luggage  playful  the musical frog and flies turned out really nice  smile 
"a day lunch   annoyed d what could be better! nothing i tell you nothing  hahaha!"""
atama ga itai! and really really bad too  sad  
"you never told me this!-me\i never thought it was important -katie\of course it's important  c'mon let's go we are going to the library!-me\\good times good times  playful "
"we live in a world very different from what you're used to  there's the pokers, the camera whores, the wall spammers and much much worse  it's called  facebook "
"packing, packing, packing and more packing! my mood ring that i'm wearing says that i'm overworked  oh what ever shall i do!"
"thinking, thinking, thinking  had i ever told you that thinking was bad for me  you must have forgetten  oh now it's just me hoping to forget you but not the memories  the memories are what drives me back to that place where i can fully trust you  why?"
thought the last day i would sleep in my house was thursday night and leave friday morning but the realtor called and she said we need to be out of the house for good by thursday afternoon  i'm taking wednesday and thursday off now instead of thur  and fri  and i still have a lot of stuff to pack  great!
change of plans  i have to be out of this house by tomorrow night!
"new house  awesome neighbors  cable and computer in my room  cats and dog seem cool with it  overall, a pretty good move  laugh "
"babysat yesterday for these awesome kids  laugh  they are the coolest  their  mom asked if she could call me again to babysit another time and i'm like \hell yeah!\""  laugh  plus i got paid 40$  win win"""
"neon nareul wonhae neon naege ppajyeo neon naege michyeo\he eo nal su eobseo i got you~ under my skin\\(hahaha, i wish  laugh )"
had crazy dream last night and i absolutely loved it  playful 
"things so far this week that i've noticed: new haircut, random wind in the hallways, japanese, vietnamese     it's only tuesday and i can't wait till the week is over and i can get up at 7a m and play games "
one word       ninjas!
so like i said i had been wanting to   asian!
<propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2011 what do you have instore for me ????
i love listening to songs that have my name in them  laugh  hahaha
"\wendy? why are you stroking my arm?\""-sara\",87b5784c87908e0e421cc9be67240bb4,dentist in the morning d:
finally got a formspring  playful 
talking to someone who you have known for a while is really fun   joyful 
heo young saeng  love 
it's the best day ever 
"eodiseo channi\na gatchi haengbokhan nom na gatchi haengbokhan nom na gatchi unneun geureon choegoro haengbokhan nom"
i love waking up to b2st every morning ^^ 
"jun be ok!!!!! ? <propfirst> jun  ~~~~annie-who, i'll be gone for the weekend, see everybody on monday  playful \darn you poets society and your pun war!  laugh "
crazy natural helpers weekend  smile  but (dang it i used but) i think it was one of the best weekends ever 
had a dream last night about a full new day at the natural helpers training weekend   laugh  my mind really wanted to stay there!
is it bad that i already know what i'm going to do for my birthday d:?
b2st definately gave me a shock in 4th period today  wink   (real story is my phone went off in scary teacher's classroom and it was the song shock by a korean band b2st       yeah       that's it)
"how doth the little crocodile improve his shining tail  and pour the waters of the nile, on every <propfemale> scale  how cheerfully he seems to grin, how neatly he spreads his claws  and welcomes little fishes in, with gently smiling jaws?"
puffy cheeks to the <propmale>! ahh  love  i love getting my wisdom teeth out 
"chilln on the chair in my red jacket wear\thinking bout the day and recalling my laughs\i think i might have done something if i was dared\bored as an iguana, <propfirst> that as a simile\bout to dance it up, i know this poem had no rymes \   wendybird out!"
"had an epic fight game with my sister which included, janga, dizzy dancing, ice cubes, asian music, uno, water, crazy food, no seeing makeup, slapping eachother and much much more  one of the funnest nights <propfemale> ^ ^ !!!"
