6efdc3b2587ae44bb4d51ec5b57e31d7
is super tired from debating bills for the past two days 
"it's thanksgiving! be thankful for all, and take one of everything! happy thanksgiving!"
is babysitting 
i'm reading facebook in pirate! i dare ya to try it 
wonders how many days of the school has  we've used 6 already 
i'm wondering how many days off the school has  we've used 6 already 
"hates how parents will say one thing, then when that one thing is up they make it something else "
gotta hate the sick days 
hate it when the one person you have to talk doesn't get on 
"hate it when the one person you have to talk to doesn't get on, but a lot of other people are on "
already planning for dc  get ready washington (dc) !
"laugh, and the world laughs with you  laugh hysterically, and for no apparent reason, they'll leave you alone "
"if the school play the six flags theme song over and over during passing times, would you pay for them to stop?"
does anyone know when we're suppose to meet for the choir concert?
feeling so boooored!
learned how to play the tetris theme song on the piano today  it's been a good day  ?
     i have to convince my parents that i can learn basic japanese and is responsible by next year  any suggestions?
have listened to so many japanese songs that they sound like their singing in spanish    is that a bad thing?
"what's life without a few enemies? people are always saying how you should be nice to other people, but where's the fun in that? my epiphany of the day "
i'm on a roll for epiphanies  i had like five just yesterday  now i can't remember any of them though!  frowny 
"anyone know of medicine for writers' block? i've got a great story in my mind, but i can't seem to write type it down   "
"i twisted my foot today, and now it hurts like heck  hope i didn't twist it     frowny "
car rides  one of the most boring things in the world  if you can think of anything worse please enlighten me 
humanity sad n) all human beings collectively; or life is a b*tch with a bunch of different people that you'll learn to hate  deal with it 
somewhat depressed  does anyone have any cookie dough?
woot!!! hastings beat the undefeated trojans! 26-21! yay homecoming win!!! does anyone know who got crowned <propmale> and <propfemale>?
does anyone have any idea what chapter we're on in history? i completely forgot what it is   
"if you only knew what i was up to     laugh  when school is back, no one will know who i am     smile "
internet is shot  it's boring at home now 
yay! its a two hour delay! g'night people 
