d499d8f86c2a5fe0314167fb97f30c5d
happy new year
im gonna hate going back to school
<propmale>
on myspace
uhh   idk l8er
i've been fantastic   how bout you?
i guess i have to be    i need a new jacket
im crazy   literally
not much   lookin forward to tommorow
bored out of my immortal mind
playing salt peppa and spinderella    guitar
random post- today is clown awareness day
today is pumpkin awareness day!!!
celebrate pumpkin awareness day!!!!!
try'n to fix my phone
not much today to do there is
not much is on my mind i miss my friends though    
doin like nothin   kinda hungry
wearn old lady glasses
cravin chinese chicken   dalton knows what i'm talkin about
sittin with <propfemale> new family
koo koo kachooo!!!!! not goo goo     henry
la la lie     i got friends now la la lie   hahaha cool song
blah blah   freedom    blah blah
they never knew him and now they never will    so sad
listening to <propmale> <propfirst>
listenen to the first song i learned on the guitar
guess <propmale> was always gonna go
corn maze = death    or a bunch of scared teens
facebook's gettin weird
   shoes   
no games today   sniffle sniffle
just came from guitar class learned to play island in the sun
froggy likes me
froggy is so awesome   
gettin addicted to facebook   someone help!!!!!!!!!!!!
at <propfirst>'s house   played ultimate alliance
at my friend's house   going to <propmale>'s later
rada rada moocow
just wok up at my new grandmas house   my family rocks
2nd thanksgiving meal with the family
at aunt mia's house
<propfemale> sometimes
i have the worst feeling that todays gonna be  good day for me
we cut down a baby tree joyful 
workin on a 5 <propfemale> report
i hate exams   ugh
i never said i didn't have someone to shout for!  love 
tunis dragostea veiste mele
dont wanna wake up for school in the morning
no skool=happy
weird day
sitting at cfta playing on my laptop
is a monkey really necessary
flair
so tired of football fans
no skool tomorrow!!!   joyful 
talking to random people on myyearbook com is fun
<propmale> ott
my life is so weird
seriously dont wanna go to school
im apparently very easy to forget
run from the bear!!!!
seriously dont wanna go to scool tomorrow
turning 17 tomorrow
having a pretty normal birthday   
its obvious that i'll never be the one chosen    
school sucks
"i 7 hours being insulted, laughed at, and locked in a room against my will     life is so fair"
i haven't slept in two days
had an awesome night at the cfta theater showcase  there were some of the best perfomers i've ever seen on that stage  it's amazing that i got to see it and help out tonight  i am truly thankful for my cfta family 
cant believe he forgot about me
just finished playin atlantica   i hate spiders now   stupid quest
just got a new singer for my band and we worked on a couple songs tonight    all in all a great day
don't you just love being ignored and forgotten by the people you thouht were your friends
had an awesome day with my best friend     makes up for all the crap that happend this week    yay for real friends
t made a cheesy taco cassorole
"i just love when my parents don't like somthing about me and they tell me to be more like my brother      yeah, i should talk back, steal, lie to everyone, and do basically anything im not supposed to do  that makes sense  i am who i am so everyone needs to get over it      i hate mornings!!!!!"
"today was great      except for when i woke up at 1, missed my theatre class, had my siblings blame a bunch of crap on me, and have my mother scream at me, and my phone died, and the charger broke       i think i'll make life easier and just let it happen rather than fight it     i'm used to it     i dont really care anymore"
just found my phone charger   i can txt again   
some ppl are jerks    and i like pie
pinting today    
my life is getting rediculus in a dramatic way   
i might have finally found the right shade of glowing blue hair dye    yayy!!!
hangin out in <propmale>'s room     dude could sleep through an earthquake
i must have the new xbox!!!!!!
e3 was dramatically epic in every way     i will get the new xbox!!!!!      eventually
went to the mall but didnt actually go in the mall     just ate frozen yogurt with friends     awesome day
im in a dramatic amount of physical pain and im angry in a rediculus way
there is like nothing to do today      the amount of boredom i feel is dramatically rediculus
im bored in a ridiculous way
its driving me insane!!!!!
omg    having ridiculous hair issues      
worst  week  ever!!!!!
havent actually slept in days    (@_@)
phone laugh ead   charger=broken      this week is not getting much better     the sooner i get away from my mom the better!!!
4th day without sleep
officially night 5 with no sleep
"what kind of mother tells their son that no one wants them or loves them, every morning"
i am beyond sleepy    
finally   at least i have a phone to use for now
i am soooo madd!!! > sad 
im <propfemale> scared and freaked out now that i could cry  crying 
its his fault and he wont talk to me
omg worst nightmare ever     so much silence!!!
"i love how out of all my \friends\"" one guy that i've never met figuered out why i was freaked out and cared more than anyone else """
if ur up txt me
most boring day ever!!!!!
insanely happy  doctor just called and turns out he was wrong the first time  i am sick but it's nowhere near as bad as we thought  ready to party once again!!!!  love   love   love 
i am out of pie!!!!!!!!! help me
eatin kake with <propfemale> friends!!!!
shortest party eeeevvvveeeeerrrr!!!!!! cops suck
last night was insane before the cops showed up
just made spaghetti
"makin monkey bread, banana bread, and rainforest tea"
true blood was awesome last night
"honestly, ilove my friends but some of them are complete idiots    he knows who he is"
sleep is overrated!!!
oh if these walls could talk  would you stop screaming long enough to see what they had to say?
i feel pain in places that don't exist
i am <propfemale> bored
i can't wait till saturday
sometimes its good to be bad cause without bad there is no good     
relationships are sooo confusing  how can u say u love somone then breakup with them an hour later???
when school starts im sooo going back to livonia  i miss my friends from there
totally forgot what today was
i sooo can't sleep
back to writing my book!!! it's so much fun
watchin undercover brotha while workin on my book    distractions are fun
its funny when you remember  how you became friends with certain people
my brother is sooo freakin annoying!!!!!
tomorrow nights gonna rock!!!!!
there is an insane ammount of bananas in my house    but there green    
have you ever had a day where you wake up and just feel like everythings gonna rock    
no parties for me tonight     still today was a pretty good day
can't sleep
nursery rhymes were kinda messed up man    dishes gettin married and babies fallin from trees!!!!
turns out i'm not as shy as i thought    i'm pretty bold when i wanna be
i'm such a nerd
it's best not to let everyone know how insane you are    
it's weird how much i miss him    
its so annoying how people question everything you do then they get mad when you get tired of it!!!!
i hate mornings!!!!!!!!
"far is where i fell\maybe i'm better off dead\am i at the end of nowhere?\is this as good as it gets?"
there is an insane ammount of drama in my life
soooo excited cause the movie let the right one in is being redone in english    yayy!!!!!!
i hate my hair right now
<propfemale> mad cause i accidentally got my hair to look like i wanted it to and i dont know what i did
5 hours of guitar practice today and i still cant do it    grrrrrr
just lost 8 friends in an hour    new record for how much i suck
hate my guitar with the white hot passion of a thousand suns!!!!
? ? ????? ? ???
ho
tunis drogostea veiste melee
me hungry!!!!
the storm that lust began must end in blood!
watchin where the world mine  smile 
if i'm not a genious then i'm pretty close to it  smile 
eggs are sooo weird!!!!
just woke up and realized that it's wednsday and not thursday  dreams are confusing
so weird but im looking forward to school
just got my hair cut!
what makes me happy makes everyone else angry    its a bit annoying
"this summer has been amazing   and horrible, its made me revert to who i used to be and become part of who i want to be   before today i would have said that this summer was just an ok e playful erience but after today i can honestly say that this has been the best summer of my life!!!! i'll look back on this day and remember that this, right now is how im supposed to feel  smile \\ love  i'm alive with the <propfemale> of love  love \\ 8-8-10"
got school in a few hours    i'm all nervous cause i can't find my green sweatshirt or jacket   and i look horrible!!!!!!!!
first 5 classes were great but then i got stuck in cna and now i want to hurt something  ugh now i gotta find a way out of it
"school sucked today    my life sucks everyday   i thought that of i pretended it was fine and ignored the people here then i'd be ok, but i'm not  i can't deal with them anymore   "
"had a pretty cool day at school   got some awesome classes, made a new friend, and turned some heads    i am <propmale> vidal <propmale> and they won't forget it!!!!!"
bad day turned good day turned bad day
having our first big fight     ugh i need a distraction
yayy!!! thunder!!!!
ive got some pretty fun and pretty ridiculous classes    
changin up my morning routine    
just got back in my house- listening to panic! at the disco
how can someone be mad at you for not talking to the person who hurt you?    its messed up
i still don't know what we are to each other    
i'm loving the rain
surprise visits are always good!!!!!  smile 
a kiss at 3 in the morning and a date planned for saturday    i'm a happy camper
yayy its friday!!!!!!
tomorrow should be an awesome day     if i can find something to wear
i honestly swear that this family will be the reason i fall deeper into insanity    no proof or reason to believe it but its my fault    biggest thing is i wasn't even there!!!!!
can anyone honestly tell me that they know what it feels like to think someone likes you and then have them leave you stranded in another city    cause i sure know what it's like  heart-broken 
its good to know that one person cares enough to listen  sad 
totally just txted the wrong person    life is sooo confusing
so my faith in true love is totally destroyed but i got to see a movie today and i got some new shoes      so today didn't totally suck
my life is <propfemale> drama it's just rediculous
singing every song on my ipod  smile 
i had an awesome day until my mom got home    one sentence just ruined my day
made a new friend at school today  smile  yayy!!! for friendship!!!!!
lost another mp3 player    at least i still have my ipod    i just can't put new music on it  sad 
had an awesome day at school    i love my classes and i'm love that in every class at least 2 people think i'm insane
just remembered that mrs kelly gave m a cook book    time to make some epicly rediculous foods  smile 
had a pretty fun day at school    i want chinese!!!!!
it sucks that a tree is stronger than a truck
is it weird that i bring my computer everywhere???     oh well back into the insanity    awesome night
almost back to my house     can't wait to sleep  epic dayp
"ya know how you feel all weird and heavy after you get out of a pool, well thats how i feel right now"
yayy im not dizzy anymore   but for some reason i crave french fries and chocolate  smile 
just heard about some church thing goin on in new roads     wonder if i should go?
my day sucks already  sad 
"so i called one of those psychic lines and the woman told me i'd marry a guy named <propfirst>, have seven kids, and be a stay at home mom     obviously she isn't psychic"
super headache!!!!!
so i'm having a good day and a sucky day all at once  it's really fun and i'm happy its just that i know it's gonna end soon  sad 
"yeah so i'm total surrounded by teachers but it's kewl    awesomeness all around     i love this place\\xoxo"
"sooooo hyper!!!!!!! im soooo gonna drop in like 1st period tommorow     the crash is worth it  i love nos\\xoxo"
hey i totally have short term memory loss    is dollar dress tomorrow or friday?
lost my phone soooo yeah     don txt me
i get home and my room is covered in trash and my mom gets mad at me for coming back    i feel so loved(that was definitely  sarcasm)
"you know that feeling you get when you're totally exhausted but it was worth it in the end      i love that feeling\\xoxo"
"i always thought that i'd have a way out but there's no exit through this door, just another wall \\xoxo"
"okay i've totally lost feeling in my legs    maybe running in the middle of the night wasn't the greatest idea\\xoxo"
"totally hating my computer right now      whateves im gonna go hunt for some jello\\xoxo"
"less than a year and im off to college    and after that its off to germany  freedom and all the free cloths i want   can't wait!!!!\\xoxo"
"tomorrow is gonna suck so ridiculous     ugh and i still need to write a new song  whateves something good has to happen soon, right?\\xoxo"
"i really really just dont like this day      it already sucks but im gonna hope for the best\\xoxo"
"ok look its killin me cause i have no idea whats happening  you're supposed to be the happy cool dude and now you're all dead inside  just let me help you like you help me   \i hope your ok man\\xoxo"
ok guys sooo i have a phone again yayy!!!!!!!!!! but i don't have any of my contacts    if you have my number txt me cause my <propfirst> still the same
what is with people and football     some people get waaaayyyy too into it!!!!!!!!!!!1
fear the bear! never go into the <propmale> alone!
"soooooo ridiculously bored!!!!!    sombody txt me\\xoxo"
"finally learned how to use this phone yayy!!!!!\\xoxo"
ugh   im gonna be sooooooo bored today!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hey     hey      *hey*        *what*      i love you!!!!!\\xoxo"
some people are soooo confusing and im afraid to ask him for the real answer    ugh i wish people were easier to figure out
ok so like all of my friends watch true blood and would kill for this  you can get those retractable fangs for like 15 dollars!(the real one's that are endorsed by the show!) i am sooooooo getting me a set!!!!!
oh and it was <propfirst> not <propfirst>
   
"in the movies their life starts bad, someone makes it better, he blows it, and then there's always a happy ending    life is not a movie  its a lot worse but at least its fun"
soooooooo grossed out right now  some things just should not be said
what is it with random girls flirting with me    are they all that bored
confused face
loving life <propfemale> much right now  love   love   love 
i know you don't care but i still love you
soooo ready for monday!!!!
can't wait to play guitar tomorrow
"im that kid who posts the depressing status everyday but today's different  i actually had a cool day  even when it started to suck it got better just cause of a nice conversation with a cool dude  \\xoxo"
this facebook has been hacked by t  i luv u d!!!  love 
pie
"u ever go to sleep and then wake up at 4 in the afternoon, in your backyard, clutching the steering wheel of a car that hasn't moved since the 60's     i have"
playin with my guitar and making a new song  smile 
i really need to stop waking up in  weird places
so i'm walking through the house and i sit by my computer and look down for my charger and what do i see? a trail of bloody foot prints  i sliced my foot open and didn't notice the pain  now i've gotta clean blood out of carpet   great
i just love how he made such an effort today     im not even mad or upset  to be upset you have to care and i just don't care anymore
yayy!!!!! i just got some really cool pants!
"i think i'm the only person that goes insane if a certain friend doesn't txt, call, or message me everyday "
"can't wait for for the teen angst and drama to begin today    its alot more fun if you think of life as a soap opera  smile \\xoxo"
im like about to cry  i know i'm a messed up dude but i never thought that the things i did would force him to hate me  i feel like i dug my own grave and then shot myself  but i can't try to defend my actions    i deserve the hatred  i'll do what i can to stay away even if it kills me on the inside 
just auditioned for a play    
soooo bored   txt me
"ok so human centiped was gross, unrealistically weird, and ridiculous  the end is soooo stupid "
"so apparently all my guy friends think i smell like rainbows and unicorns, so i'm thinking rain and big horses=bad"
morning post!!!!!!  love 
i feel like i got hit by a car twice!!! i hate being sick!!!!
why did i have to get sick on a saturday?!?!?! completely ruined my weekend
pretty awesome night!!!! lovin how my day turned out  love   love   love 
you're such an idiot!!!! well you are nice so whatevs  smile 
"so a friend of mine just sent me a txt and it says \xttck mi gorld muse xincetr tonite\""    why are my friends so weird???"""
having the worst week ever!!!!
so i'm a pretty pessimistic person but i actually feel like a good thing can come out from the pit of despair i'm in right now
"sooo tired and i cant find the pie!!! at least i don't have anything to do tonight, yay for unforeseen circumstances   crying "
lovin life  goin to the game  smile 
its totally friday and i cant wait for my day to begin!!!!
i think i'm the only guy planning for prom already    i'm just way too excited about being a senior
i find it weird that people i've never met know my name and e playful ect me to know them
i'm in like!!!  smile 
"just finished researching a dream that scared me    the dream was telling me to stop following the crowd, that i should be closer to a certain friend of mine, and that i need to let people know my real feelings    monday's gonna be a weird day!!!"
had a pretty kewl day  smile 
gettin ready for church     oh what shall i learn today???
my fingers are numb   my eyes are dry    i still have more crap to do!!!
kinda sad that i don't have school tomorrow   i actually like some stuff about school
just got out of my vocal class       
i love those awkward moments when u ask someone a question they really really didn't want to hear   wink 
headin out to the doctor in like 30 seconds
finaly a day where i can just relax!!!  smile 
blah    
got all creative last night and made jewelry with my mom 
listening to brittish music!!
whales are weird!
had an awesome day!!!
my phones been dead all day  finally got it back on  txt me
ridiculous day
had a ridiculously awesome weekend!!!!! and now school  sad 
i love good morning txt messages!!! it makes my day sooo much better !!!!  love 
"5 people and 5 statements  is one of them about you?\1 you've called me by my name less than 10 times in the 4 years i've known you \2 you used to be like my brother but then we grew apart \3 you're the craziest, most psycho, understanding, kind, coolest girl i ever knew \4 we never talked until you were gone but now i wish we did \5 you're awesome, you're cute, ut sometimes i want to punch you in the face! luv u"
"good artists take but great artist steal!~ look it up\\      ?\•_•"
i've got no clouds but the <propfemale> just keeps changing colors!!! it's supposed to be black!
i'd like to say that sleep is my peaceful happy place but since i don't dream much it's just another black night  then i wake up and count down to the darkness again because in the day i have nothing of my own desires to be done for my sake as i am always in the service of those i find more deserving of my time and effort  what is selflessness if not a selfish need to have others depend on you?
daddy's little girl knows how to party!!  love 
slept for one hour and cried for 3  kinda glad i have school today 
without wings butterflies are just worms   
beyond happy but i don't know why  i couldn't be more excited but i honestly don't have a clue why!  laugh 
had some really weird dreams last night    
skins is cool but the original is better
bored  txt me  playful 
i tried to hold your hand but you'd rather hold your grudge 
so i looked at all the things i txted yesterday and apparently all i talk about is cows and shopping!
just read souleater not! and it was amazing  i love manga!!!
can you hear me? i'll be right here always   
"once it's started it cannot end! you can run, but i'll find you again   love "
those specks of stardust in the sky are the shattered stars from my dreams    
merci pour <propfemale> venin!
42-42-564 write on any mirror or window to knock on death's door 
"you can't be upset when they stop asking, if you could never say yes   "
is it for my safety or your benefit that repairs are done? it's harder to get new than fix a broken one    
sooooo freakin tired!!!
"look alive, sunshine   "
should i be shocked now by the last thing you said?
why do you taunt me with silence?
   these times when your heart beats so hard it's all you hear    
twist it all you want but in the end it'll still be what it was to start with   just a little torn but still the same
the enemy of my love is my friend?
it's cold and wet outside and it rocks
in the light of the night your brightest truths are hidden    it's better than dark days and dark secrets
how is that even possible?!?!?
why do you always just happen to be in my dreams? it's getting annoying because i keep wishing those dreams were real   
well he looks at me with those innocent eyes and says it looks like your wearing some kind of disguise  cause your hair is messed up and your shoes are untied and i hope that that you got that shirt at half price! why can't you pretend to be nice?
 - 
"tap tap tap tap\the sound echoes of the walls\tap tap tap tap\he plays but soon he falls\tap tap tap tap\it ends and starts again\tap tap tap clack\its your sound and sin\tap clack tap clack\gone but never go\tap tap tap tap\the sound of an empty soul\tap tap tap tap\my hand against the ground\tap tap tap tap\i repeat again the sound"
when i want to be leftalone your the only person that i want near me    too bad you don't care
at least some good news came from this day
if you don't trust me then don't ask me questions  if you don't like how i look then close your eyes  if you don't like who i am forget you ever knew me   
these words were never easier for me to say or her to second guess  without you i'll be miserable at best   
this is the definition of weird!!!
solitary in the masses   
i see you all the time and i never say it but you are really freakin cute  love  jus sayin  smile 
i feel as though i'm going to hate tomorrow   
violence is the key to victory!
life  smile 
i feel aweful!! why do i have to be sick on the weekend!
earlier i was feeling better but now i feel worse!!! i feel like i just got hit by a train underwater! ugh!!
i love your little act! but at intermission you'll be back again to sate yourself till act ii  you're not fickle just confused  i pity you  you brought the curtain down on your self   smile 
"i love the little lies you tell yourself when you see me  just accept it  you can't stop thinking about it!\\xoxo \you know you love me"
"good morning-->bad day-->great night\my friends make everything better smile \\xoxo"
thanks to everyone who made this birthday special and that means all my friends and family  i love you all  smile 
they're irrelevant things that are obviously unimportant  a show is a show no mater how its seen 
it's kinda like i'm on an island   
"do you seriously not get it? put the anger and the unreasonable grudge aside and actually think about it! now, do you get it?\\xoxo"
this music makes my conscious life seem more like a lucid dream   smile 
"hey you! yeah you with the hair, you should totally txt me  smile "
hey you  smile  and no im not stalking    but i am watching you closely  smile 
just spent most of this day on facebook  not surprisingly enough i learned a lot of crap about a lot of people!
indie music month!!!!!
omg i hate deciding what to wear on free dress days!!! ugh! whatevs i'll just wear the first thing i find  smile 
i really want to talk to you   but you just dont get why i like talking to you   
"in my dreams  smile \\xoxo"
some times it's so hard to talk someone you really like    
if i told you how i really feel about you would you accept it? or would you just laugh at me?
"some situations are so hilariously wrong that it's insane but you just have to let some things go    \\xoxo"
"reading to much into things  smile \\xoxo"
everyone has that person they can always turn to and talk to about anything    i'm not everyone
"the simplest words make me happy  smile \\xoxo"
i hate mornings!!!!!! ugh!!!!
i'm loud and ridiculous in public but one on one i'm actually pretty shy and quiet  just thought you need to know    
it's slightly moist outside today  smile 
we all become important when we realise or goal should be to figure out or role in the context of the whole 
"just got back home  had an amazing day  hard to believe that a day this great can even exist!! \\xoxo"
not sad or even mad  i e playful ected it and actually i feel completely unaffected  life   
never before have i felt so much hatred toward school!!!
workin on boley's term paper    i know so much stuff that i never needed to know
computer crashed twice when i tried to open the essay i already did and it did a freaking memory dump!!! ugh!! i really don't feel like typing another 2000 words as opposed to deleting the extra 3000 i had 
taking a break from research and writing 
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right"
"background music, nails trimmed, weave adjusted  time for some hard core partying!!"
"if you can't live without me, why aren't you dead?"
not so paradisiacal {} paradise
curse the letter q and its unuseableness!!!
"it's the end of the world as we know it, and u feel fine!!  smile "
"if you think you can do better than this, let's not drag this on  consider me gone   "
"today was fun, exciting, musical, boring, tiresome, fantastic, and all in all way too long  never thought i'd say this but thank god for monday's!"
studying the crap out of a song for piano!!
still studying piano stuff!! im freaking out about this song!!
"sometimes it's the simple thing that make you want to fall into a pit and escape the world  how whimsically awful you are for your disapproval  <propfemale> on with your misfitted disgust and i'll return the gesture  smile  \p s  hate is a string word but it totally fits"
"gentles, perchance you wonder at this show;\but wonder on, till truth make all things plain "
it's not worth my sanity and neither  are you    but i already lost both 
im so shiny!! ugh  i do not photograph well at all 
the sanctuary within was torn asunder and you remain oblivious to his plight  so concerned with the alteration of the state of the world that you miss the individual  what could be done to bring your attention the the inner and outer torture of that one individuals soul?
~wonderful~
i think i felt better when you hated me  at least you felt something for me then  now its like i'm just another stranger that doesn't get a second thought  why is it so hard for me to get over this  sad  i need more distractions   
it's so hard to say things to certain people  don't you hate liking people you shouldn't  life is cruel!!  heart-broken 
"we all have secrets, but mine are pretty public "
today was freakin amazing
"i was soooo close!! what's wrong with me, why didn't i just go for it? i don't think i'll ever get a <propmale> like that again   "
i love blue eyes    there's just something about them      love 
never wish or hope for anything cause in the end it always lets you down 
"you won't even see me coming, i'm invisible to you  i'm invincible when i'm invisible"
"lying facedown on my floor with my ipod on, just    thinking"
he makes me so freakin angry!!! ugh!!
hatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehate
??????????????????????????????????????????????
and all things became better  smile 
he doesn't know how much he makes me smile  smile 
the best of people have the worst intentions 
every tear i shed is another reason for m to hate you!
sitting in the dark in my room thinking about how he's not thinking about me   
i feel as though i'm forgetting something but at this point i couldn't care less
