a34941984d09c15b33cc522c78079005
is surprised that he isn't more tired than he is 
"was looking at floor plan software, and thinks the sims is under-priced "
the left behind pc game is a load of b s 
is gone campin' till sunday 
had a wonderful weekend 
ate way too much 
loves discovering cool bands on pandora    aswad
forgot how much he liked disney's hercules 
"is gonna be in <propfemale>'s posse, but <propfirst>'s aunt likes nuts in her fudge "
needs to find something to do 
is trying to figure out the optimum way to run a skill tree system 
's sleep patterns are pretty much non existent 
my god  myspace now has email  does anyone even use myspace anymore?
is bored  who saw that coming?
is thinkin halloween hobo  opinions?
is cleaning for an early thanksgiving  woo 
facebook easter egg: up up down down left right left right b a enter right-click
"i'm feeling really blah blah, i want to blah blah blah"
"shut up woman, get on my horse "
hates himself sometimes 
too much potato   
is developing cabin fever 
"chopped it off, and now wonders if it makes him less of a man "
loves finding out about random movies online and having them turn out to be great  i recomend the imaginarium of doctor parnassus 
my parents are addicted to vidja games 
logical with creative aspirations 
?ou ? ? ? ¿?sod s??? o? ?u?od ? ????? s?
"don’t you wish there were a knob on the tv to turn up the intelligence? there’s one marked ‘brightness,’ but it doesn’t work "
is learning how to make decisions 
just loves seasonal allergies 
's dad is the greatest   smile 
sour cream on boiled potatoes 
"to anyone who reads this, i love you "
there are only 12 cylon models 
"oh rain, how i have missed thee "
is extremely bored 
just finished working concessions at the stadium 
oh! edo rocket 
"why is chivalry dead? is it due to a lack of quality males, or do females just not want to be treated like ladies?"
day of the dumpster 
is beyond bored 
      interesting
"really hopes the twins don't get rained out tonight, and if they do, that they also get rained out tomorrow "
"when all else fails, watch mythbusters "
"you think the only people who are people\are the people who look and think like you\but if you walk the footsteps of a stranger\you'll learn things you never knew you never knew"
"now i told ya hannibal, i ain't gettin' on no airplane "
is enjoying the boondocks 
"judoflip  chop,chop, chop "
is it wrong that i like a pimp named slickback?
"just watched a little spider take down a little ladybug  it was a little startling at first, but pretty cool by the end  that's life "
is quite bored 
loves <propfemale> <propfemale> 
glitter freeze
wishes life came with an instruction <propmale> 
is finding lost memories through pictures 
facebook uploader and tagging mass amounts of pictures suck 
is leaving for pennsylvania tomorrow 
is officially home 
one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do
"hit me again, tubesock  let's go!!"
needs something to do tonight 
can't seem to      
"is god willing to prevent evil, but not able? then he is not omnipotent  is he able, but not willing? then he is malevolent  is he both able and willing? then whence cometh evil? is he neither able nor willing? then why call him god?"
"sommeil, ???, ??, slaap, schlaf, ?????, alvás, codladh, sonno, ??, ??, ????, spa?, ?????, sueño, usingizi, ??????????, uyku, ng?, sleep"
commercials hurt my brain 
finally has shelves in his room 
boring day  next two aren't looking too much better   annoyed 
"hide your kids, hide your wife and hide your husband cuz they're rapin errbody out here"
so tired 
has had no sleep for the past 3 nights  hopefully tonight's not number 4 
well that answers that question 
makes delicious smoothies  ask my dad if you don't believe me 
is quite bored 
no car + no job = no fun for <propfirst>
is bouncin' off the walls 
first night at the new job went well  bring it #2 
"2 down, hopefully many more to go "
changing a flat tire in this weather sucks <propmale> balls 
"remember, remember the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i know of no reason, why the gunpowder treason, should ever be forgot "
"cheese curds, enough said"
made fudge  pretty good  thinkin' 'bout deep fryin' it  damn that sounds good 
the smell comes through the pokéball 
