6248b5e82a5a611493658992c4eef9e6
happy new year!!!
"is loving <propfemale> <propfemale> life, can't wait to live here "
is living it up  found a place to live now all i'm missing is a job  i have the coolest college schedule ever! one of my classes is coastal fishing!!!
back in pd if you wanna <propfemale> out before i move out hit me up 
is really excited to move out!!! sb here i come 
is leaving on the 8th or the 9th we'll see 
"is moving out monday, i'll be in the desert today and saturday "
is gonna go see gi <propfirst> tomorrow 
is loving life and learning independence 
is hanging in thousand oaks 
broke his leg  most boring halloween ever  t_t
is getting used to broken leg life 
"crap it does work! haha facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then left click and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works it works!!!"
done with studying     phew 
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all y   our friends if you want more privacy!see more"
is wishing that his bones would mend a little faster 
i'm in the desert is anyone doing anything?
avatar is flipping amazing!
pirate language officially made facebook like 6 times more fun lol 
had a great christmas with his family 
anyone know anything about the stabbing at the mall?
happy new year!
and this bird you cannot change!
"bouncing from work at 7 smile 0, than kicking it with @<propmale> trombley!"
has been in the desert for way too long 
come on massachusetts vote brown!
got a 4 foot female ball python    sweet dorm pet!!!
2 year old chip dip - ftw!
heading back to <propfemale> <propfemale> today!!!
kicking it at my apartment talk to me on aim if you want: rockkng
wants to open a laser tag arena bar on state st 
is back in the desert hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> out 
warcraft 3 <propfemale> party!
last final today!
back in the desert for graduation  760 285 6871
"its quake time, time to party!"
just got facebook jacked  laugh 
anything interesting happening tonight in the dirty d?
bored in the mountains text if ya conversate: 760 285 6871
"this storm is gonna be hella crazy, wish me luck  it's looking pretty foreboding up here in the mountains "
it has begun and mother nature is pissed!
power surges anyone?
got a job at petco!
"first day of work went pretty good, my brain hurts from all the computer training tho lol "
up at 6 for work    this will take some getting used to 
"beat tired from work today, time to kick it "
is heading to work!
"busy day, time to chill "
cleaned the birdcages at work today one got out without me noticing and roamed the store for 3 hours *face palm* lol 
peace out!
early morning horsebacking tomorrow should be fun!
"that was a nice ride, great weather outside today "
feels his mortality 
thanks for all the bday wishes everyone!
finally got his wheels back!
freakin loves lunchables 
"is going to bed work tomorrow, peace!"
anyone doing anything today i'm down chill?
"off to clean pens, peace home skillets!"
night fb homies  haunted house tomorrow! hit me up if anyone wants to kick it sometime!
is sitting around at cod  hit me up w  a text if your here 
great first night at the haunted house  scared a chick so bad she wanted my number lol  exhausted  i'm going to sleep hope to see some of you there tomorrow!
the game!!!
on my way to cod
anyone at cod?
new gorillaz album plastic beach = awesome!
"got a full satin burgundy sheet and blanket set, a kick ass sublime wallet to replace my ruined pink <propmale> one, a pair of nice hiking boots, and probably gonna get a droid x soon! all on top of sleeping in til 12, i must say today rocked!!!"
we got thunder in the mountains!
reptiles final wish me luck!
the lightning be bright and the thunder loud in the mountains  and breaking news just had the first power surge of the night    and here comes the monsoon  things cannot get better  smile  
still storming in the mountains  i seriously need new windshield wipers?
at the haunted house come by and check it out first to mention my name gets in for free! just say <propfirst> the ghillie suit guy 
your love's like rhinestones falling from the sky   
up and ready for another day of hustling 
hanging out at cahuilla point up 74 waiting for the field trip to begin!
time to feed the snakes!
"haunting tonight, who's coming?!"
sitting in class    anyone doing anything tonight?
"1  something i learned from your wall in 13sec, 2  a colour that reminds me of you 3  my first memory of you 4  an animal that reminds me of you 5  ask a question i've wondered about 6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird nickname and 8  challenge you to post it "
goodnight fb  you actually proved very entertaining tonight  text me if you got anyhting important to say 
haunted house tonight hit me up if your interested 
if you haven't registered to vote the mail-in deadline is on monday! let's get some fresh blood in congress! yes on 19!
just got back from my fieldtrip up the tram  it was awesome i wanna go back soon!
"made origami cranes, flowers, and ninja stars out of reciept paper while cashiering today and passed them out to customers    karma: +10"
woke up to my dog puking on my freshly washed bed spread    fml
must do homework    facebook so tempting   
haunted house rocked tonight! i made a couple people fall down in fear    awesome  next year will be even better!
yes on 19!!!
cannot stop finishing sentences with mang 
cleaning pens  oh the joys of ranch life  on a lighter note our chickens finally produced an egg today! the sweet taste of success   
"    so i got bit by a cat today, honestly it hurts a lot more than it should lol "
just woke up and now it's off to work  have a rockin' day everyone 
"cut down a dead tree for firewood, had some <propfemale> cream and coffee than took the dogs on a hike, than finished it off with a cold one  and the turkeys just starting to fill the house with delicious aroma    good day  happy thanksgiving to all my friends and family love you guys and gals!"
"contact me on facebook, phones acting up "
free <propfirst> assange!
yay school time!     t_t
he punched the highlight out of her hair!
straight a's this semester!
bored    who wants to do something?
working til 10 hit me up 
where all the new year's parties at?
i frickin love my new droid x!
i feel a change is gonna come!
"i think my flu is finally coming into full effect, here's hoping i feel good enough to hike tomorrow "
just realized most of my friends stay up as late as i do haha 
the radio just <propmale> rolled me!!!  surprise 
"cutting firewood, like a g  the game!"
school tomorrow    stoked!
"if anyone has the books for public speaking with <propmale> <propmale> at cod that they could let me borrow or buy for pretty cheap please let me know, thanks "
waiting on snakes to eat takes forever   
"got a live original doom background in which the doom guy kills all the demons, and you can drop him power ups  badass "
"is haunting the blackboard website, waiting for people to read my posts   "
"hasty drops of water,\echoes of bird wings "
"rung up <propmale> manilow at work today! his dogs eat good, haha!"
's college books are slowly trickling in through the mail   
hw partay all day    t_t
why must i be up so early?! oh right i live on a ranch   
who's gonna be my <propfirst>?  love 
anyone gonna be at cod from 12 smile 0 - 4 that wants to chill?
"off to work, hit me up at petco if your bored and in palm springs lol "
anyone at cod or nearby? bored   
"hard work good, and hard work fine but first take care of head "
"when you're strange,\faces come out of the rain,\when you're strange,\no one remembers your name, \when you're strange "
it's frickin hurricane <propfemale> at my house 
i have been charged with writing a story line for this years haunted house however i'm having a little writers block  so ideas scenes rooms that would be   
just scored a wine cooler to incubate my snake eggs in for 20 bucks!!!
i llama
"great idea!\\http annoyed  blog makezine com archive 2011 03 billboards-converted-to-swingsets html"
all night hw binge    and gotta get ready for work in an hour and 30  fun!
time to feed the animals 
60 seconds and counting
mango banana orange smoothie  love 
anyone interested in getting a catahoula leopard dog puppy?
