0ecff63b5c3c870b6922d2792013b1b3
tired of being so dang tired!
poo!
in desperate need of a maid!
halo!  anyone want to play?
"just a couple days ago, i had a house on the lake    i'm just glad the lake didn't come to my front door "
no sleep til brooklyn 
ha ha    i made it through christmas without going broke or using credit cards 
i've got the next 4 days off with nothing to do 
goodnight face book     good night <propfirst> boy!
in desperate need of some love 
"6 days a week, 12 hours a day   nothing to do on sunday   priceless!"
"just had the worst weekend of my life, and it's still not over!!!"
the weekend from hell ended and i'm back at work   never thought i would be glad to say that
whoo hooo   lats go shopping
showing school pictures at work of the people who work with me
well i'm back to the 7 day work week   this is day 6   i think i may be getting sick on monday 
day 7    wonder if we work next weekend too
well it's time to get day 8 off to a start   i don't think i feel as sick as i thought i would   maybe i will around day 21 or something
its official    i've been working too much   i was just informed that today would be day 7 since i had last monday off   no wonder im not tired
feels helpless because im surrounded by stupid
"yes, and it's happening just about everyday\\<propfirst> m  <propmale>"
"it's friday, and im not working this weekend unless they come to my house and drag me out of my bed     hmmmph!"
54 minutes and its the weekend!!!
"the weekend started an hour ago,and i haven't drank the first martini   something's wrong with this picture"
god work sucks    i have to figure out a way to do this from home
is bothered by people who type in all caps  change your font size or something   that messes with my eyes!
"got a belly full of my dad's bbq ribs last night, now i'm sick   i hope he's not trying to cash in on my insurance policy!"
"has left the horizontal position 4 times today, and one of them wasn't necessary!"
"this\should be interesting        let's see how forthcoming my facebook \friends are   leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me \using the third letter of your first name  it can only be one word then \copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word \   about        you   wink "
bmws are like women    they love for you to spend money on them  i had to jump start the car this morning to drive to montgomery to spend $330 to have a new battery put in 
"it's finally dropped below 100°, and the fools at work keep closing the hangar doors because it's cold!"
