38e8ce4947824c3a39a9528eeaf0403a
new outlook for forever   
i broke my nose lol   no joke  it's actually broken
i'm happppppyyyy ;p
we change so rapidly without knowing it
school starts in two days and i saw a friend i missed alot  laugh 
o baby this is gonna be one hell of a ride!!!
hahahaha  laugh  what's a good <propmale> pace name?    hmmmm    
hahahaaaa   naughty girl ;p
stuffed  took mamma out for dinner for her b-day 
make me forget!!!  sad 
no more madness   damn   didn't take much  haha
i wanna do something really crazy!! just stupid!!
alot of homework and i still have to practice my violin!! arrrggggghh!!
she's having a baby!!!!!!!
got to work tonight and i've got <propfemale> much bloody hw to do   ugh
wow!! what a great day!!!    ugh    
gonna try for track  laugh 
wish i could find a decent guy that can trust    
"new things    i don't know if i like it yet or not, but i think i will   wink "
why are things so difficult? why am i meant to feel so much?
"wow, things change so quickly, but you're always stuck in a moment from the past "
lot's  laugh 
everything is so temporary   nothing is meant to last 
it's my birthday!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
is in a butt-load of pain   track kicked my ass  it rocked though ;p
i made it!! i made it!! (hmm hmmm hmm!!)
thinking she's tired and wants to tell someone how she feels about her but is scared to death he won't believe a word she says    (grant)!!!   couldn't make things anymore obvious for ya!!
blah 
chillin   laugh 
haha buuzzzzzzziiiinnnn
i know it's naughty ;p who gives a shit?
i'm hungry!! happy thanksgiving!!  laugh 
it's a quiet day 
am not doing hw 
oh shit   
omg!!!!  laugh 
hooolllyyy ssshhhiiiiiitttttt!!!!!
my head is spinnning    
"whhhaaaaaaaat the fuck, is going on?"
this is the end  
got a new phone  and a gps  hmm  wonder what i can do with that?  wink 
trying to do something fun tonight ;p
"and at the stroke of midnight, we kissed "
stupid!! stupid!!! stupid!!! you stupid fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!
ouch   ouch   ouch   ouch   ouch    
shew!! this is a bit better  smile 
ice-skating is amazing   smile  so was today  
some things change for the better  smile 
sttttooooooooooooooopppppp
i'm in the clear!!!
i am so happy!  laugh 
horse e playful o this weekend  playful 
what is up?! i got a totally different cadenza for that bloody piece!!
havent been on here in god knows how long   
everyone is acting like retards!!!
ppppppppp  playful 
hehehehehehehe woooooowww this is fun  playful 
i   am mentally ill   
wooo shit
and then there was love   
riiiiiiiding is rockin!!!!!!!!!!
party with the boy  laugh  fuuuuuuunn!!!!
that was sooo much fun  laugh  best ever!
d
   fail   do bad at festival!!
    and then there was love    
quirks  
farming   life   career   college   holy shit
agagagagagaga
"family has gone crazy    hehe oh lord, the world better watch out"
i'm waaaayy too happy   laugh 
just got done with taxes    don't grow up!
riding was the best!!! looking at college applications 
hmmm    vet or engineer?   
"and so, here we are  "
need to take a shower and do more homework   poop   
i feel   at the end  i'm tired
f****** english report
crazy mare
tan! i need a tan! don't look at me or else you'll go blind!
what am i going to be doing tomorrow?
"sign up for this, sign up for  that, jesus lord hit me with a whiffle ball bat    "
whaaaaaat an adventure!
my horsey bucked again     frowny  but this time it was to the left and she's never done that going to the left before   i don't know if she's in season or if i'm pushing too hard but she's done so good except for these past few days when she's been unhappy   what do i do??!!!
i am <propfemale> tired   
ppppppppp  playful 
my sister just did the best fart in the world!
graduation is tomorrow   ooohhhh dear lord
graduation was boring lol
i almost got hit by lighting!!
show is coming up   woopie for all those brave souls who ride the tb mares!!  and you too <propfirst>  wink 
almost over!
tomorrow's the last day bitches    then to the beach for two weeks!!!
good ending to a bloody awful day  laugh 
i'm coming home tomorrow and i can't wait to see <propfemale>' baaabay!!!!!!!!
there was a point when i may have been wiser    and now it has become my ghost
yup   i've lost it
i am beef <propfemale> 
"i don't know why either, and believe me, i've spent my time trying to figure it out   the only conclusion i can figure is that we're not meant to understand, but to make the best of it while we still have it "
nothing like a horse jumping sideways to wake you up in the evening!
horses   i'm going on a fun trail ride tomorrow and i know my friends are gonna be crazy and i can't wait!!  laugh  i love you guys!
hmmmm   short haircut   any comments?
i'm working at the mad-house again!
hmmmm   i wish it would storm   i miss the storms at night  sad 
i had a really nice evening  smile 
i have just had   the worst dream i have had   in a very long time       i think i'm done with sleeping for the night 
lmao  ok
mmmmraaaaa    akon and summer hw    and party soon! should be interesting  
"i'm gonna get ready for bed, and then gonna read a book  sweet dreams  smile "
mmmmrah    tired  headache  book and bed!!
i need to hangout with someone   this is getting sad
"you fuckin' creeper  i dumped your sorry, immature ass, now get the fuck over it "
sometimes   it's totally worth it to be naughty   smile 
"what to do, what to do    "
awwwww    big mare was grumpous today  sad       oh well! more fun for me!  laugh 
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!  laugh 
mmmmmm   rain  smile 
what a choice  freedom or family?
klakmvioiekadklckoivoihrkjakn ajhiujhaks fhi
mmmrawr
sooooooo i'm frickin lucky   how the hell did that happen?  love 
in jersey hangin with the fam 
i love my cousin <propfemale> <propmale>  smile 
"riding, biking, and work!"
oooo baby!!  wink 
i love the rain!!
i cantered cat today!! i haven't done that in almost a year!! we flew!!
"sooooo    i don't know what to do anymore   apparently, i'm very immature and naive and am not allowed any fun in my life till i can pay for all my bills and am on my own   i'm at the end of this  she thinks i'll get fucked up and over  "
so much frickin homework!!!!
my legs   are mush 
it works again!!!!!!
love my frickin' horse!!!
 sad  there goes the good mood   
"tired! today was great, but that run wasn't what i was e playful ecting"
"i'm alive! bad whiplash and cuts and left leg is bruised, but i'm so thankful to be in one piece  "
sooo no school fro me for the rest of the week  cept friday  there's no way i'm missin out on new york buffet   playful  but  apparently i did black out and since i had a significant concussion  i can't ride my frickin horse for 4-6 weeks!!!! sob!!!  or do track  wtf
woooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!
"soooo   all my hair's chopped off  no more long, flowy, curly hair!!"
"<propfemale>'s party tonight!!! goin in the marines tomorrow!!  be brave <propfemale>  smile  we're all here for you, cheering you every step you take "
"start a fire, pass the shine  won't be home till mornin time "
spirit week makeup  playful 
off she goes to court    and heathcliff is a beast baby!!!  laugh 
polar opposites
ooohhh mmmyyy gooshh  tomorrow is gonna be sooo much fun with these fiiinnne boots on!!  wink 
so let me rock your world
on the <propmale>
grumpy    
i can't do this!!!!!!
wanna  ride   soo  badd    i'm close to breaking the doc's rules!!!! dammit!! dx
muse   
"oh shit, oh shit, oh shit   why can't thins just go smoothly?!!"
having to use a bloody library computer   
music is fillin' my head with its sweet sounds  
"grrrrr    why, why, why?"
tickin away at the evergrowing list  
hmmmmnomnomnomnomnom   russian 
i should totally go blonde   playful 
iiiiiiiiiiiitt'ssss cleeeeeaaaaaannnnn!!!!! doesn't smell like sick animal anymore!  laugh  yes!!
dammit   
"riding in the wind, and the dark, and on thoroughbreds   yea baby!!!  laugh  best night ever!!"
my sister and i love pb!!
i'm a werewolf 
the wine never tasted so sweeet   
what a life     smile 
i've reached that age  ohhhhh nooooo  wink 
mmmmnomnomnom oreo's    smile  and   i'm in loooooovvvveee   wtf?     wink  mmhehehe
sooo     averett is definitely my favorite college so far!  smile 
"sooo  i think i'm sick    my head is spinning and it's burns like it's on fire   what am l ill with, l wonder?  wink "
soab    you piece of shit printer    
cupcake   playful   love 
eh-heh-heh  at least it's not internal bleeding!!!  playful 
ahhh  i can feel tomorrow is going to be a good day    smile 
i cannot wait for all this bullshit to go bye-bye!!!
"i am now living somewhere else! a new beginning, a new place         with more adults   "
"\my cougher's smoke\"""""
   can't e playful ress all my feelings into one little box  thank-you dear!!
f*** you english journal!!!!
qu'est ce que cela signifie l'amour?   ou allons-nous?
implosion
vous etes dans mon coeur   
my heart   is driving me insane  
"i swear it's not fair that i love you   truly  i cannot help it      after years of hiding, it comes out now   now    i am sorry   "
"well, that was a looooooong night of some crazy, good fun   wink "
"i'm home!! praying that things will all work out  thank-you dearest, btw"
you know your friends love you when      they run their car into the back of yours   laugh 
"it worked!!!     it worked, it worked,  it worked, it worked!!!!!!!!!!!"
"oh what a world, what a life, what can we do?"
"\    stay with me tonight \"""""
she left home as one person  she returns home as a <propfemale>  
they're talking house plans and the bastard's buying me gifts!!  sad 
oh bloody hell i love this song   
"ice-skating is so nice  especially when there's that ridiculously, amazing someone who is slipping as he \stands\"" next to you   wink """
tonight's the night   smile 
"sugar cookie dough, apples, and pb   when l should be doing hw  oh well!!  playful "
casanova  love 
runnin time!!  booooo    
aarrrrggghh!! i hate that itch you get in your nose that never goes away and makes you all stuffy when you've been in the cold too long!!!     > sad 
bhahahaaaa!!! ohhh this makes for some fun stories   wink  wonder how my buddies'll respond    smile  mmhehehe
the deed is done  i'm signed up to go and join the marines!!
i'm sooo tired! but very happy  smile 
there can be no greater trust when your love is resting in the arms of another    smile 
thoroughbred mares   laugh  or just anything with the blood thoroughbred  that works too 
how could i not feel that way about you? silly!!!
i am with you to the end 
i believe in you 
roller coasters   and damn i wish i had my hair back!!!
yikes!!
where is the thump-thump?
need to take pictures    :[
i'm dating <propmale> farrel's twin   playful  wooooow
don't know what the hell tooo doooooooo   wait  i know what i could do  
"\i aim to kill ya!!!!\"""""
never underestimate the power a single kiss can hold   it could change your life forever 
"what to do, what to do    what am i going to do?  "
"now, i'm a happy girl   smile  cause you are the beeeeessstest!!!! ooooooooooo!!! x-o"
oohhh we are takin a picture mister 
"went to the gym with the big ole babyslut shakin in his \big ass\"" steel toe boots   laugh """
whip it   whip it good!!
haaappppyyy puuuppyyyyy  smile  smile  smile 
mmmmmmaaaaaghghhhhh    mint chocolate chip ice-cream with chocolate   omg  heaven!!
"last night, i dreamt "
that feeling is back again   that's all i can say  
i'm going to have a heart attack  my heart's beating so hard it hurts  
happy   smile 
tonight   tomorrow   love 
funn   smile 
i love you   i want to be with you  right now  to keep you with me  forever 
the notebook     love 
"soooo   a lot of people have the notion i'm a tomboy, apparently   playful  and today's the first day i can actually see my two pack    laugh  yes!!!  laugh "
l am the bottomless pit right now   
ugh!! lt's so dreadful!!!!  wink   love  love  love 
let's try again   i'm  tired  irritable  grumpy 
"growin, it's growin, it's growin, growin, growin    "
kind of amusing to watch some people try to ride a horse on youtube   playful 
iiiii'm a fatty!!  laugh 
doooiiin taxes  
"you spin me right round baby, right round, like a record baby, right round round round  "
you are not fat!!!!
gonnna take a bath  
such a gentlemen  such a      wink  what?  wink  hehe
tombstone   love 
gorgeous day   love 
"can a woman just watch <propfemale> and leopold online for free without some gay, mandatory survey?!?!"
<propmale> <propmale> meara 
"\fashe wash \""  wink  head over heels   love """
paaaiiiinnnnnnnn    
scary  scary  i can see lightning out my window  
prom dress shopping=fail 
horse farm in pensacola with boarding only 200 a month!!  laugh 
food   relaxation   home   easy chair   tv  haaaapppppyyyyyy   smile  smile  smile 
woooow  my boyfriend makes the same noise as the guy from waterboy   playful 
  how can i best describe that?  wait  it was so amazing i don't think there are enough words that could tell you the full story 
l'm tired 
iiii haasssss aaa prrooommm dreesssss  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"i don't know what's going on, but i'm sorry!! if someone gets that weird ass link thing  "
ordered   laugh 
ordered   laugh 
i  want  to  see  the  black  swan!!!
we're goin to state   smile  and congradulations <propfemale>!!!!  laugh 
that first time   
