b86d58a1da6a85c7307549e4c0804c7b
"anyone else fail to accomplish what they needed to this break? =_=  - i wish i could marry it, so it'd never leave (and i'd never have to go to school) ;p\\   anyone who can guess where my lame dad scored a lame job at wins a muffin  smile "
how does fb always read my mind?  annoyed  the suggested firends are always people i wanna add but i am too much of a coward to  facebook you temptress! o o
tosh 0 is the best!  love 
"highschoolers are soooo mature aren't they? deleting you on the facebook account you helped them make really makes a point doesn't it? (not)\                           stupid cheap conditioner- my hair feels like waxy playdoh   annoyed "
i really should clean my room but    it is so much easier not to   laugh 
that new southpark episode of facebook was so funny  laugh  the sad part is most of its true  playful 
been staring at the computer screen too long    ouch -_-
thiunk i'm starting to get sick  i better take a nap  annoyed 
lost my journal at school    wonder what creep is raiding my stuff  annoyed 
cleaning tombstones is alotta work    when i'm dead just donate me to science  laugh  not like my family will visit me anyway
wonders why facebook encourages people to speak in third person    > >
"all this time until today i thought taks testing was all week    i kinda wish it was, i hate my morning classes  annoyed "
"i found my journal  laugh  mr <propfirst> had it  he says he didn't read it, but it took almost a month to return it     oh well i no longer care at this point  laugh dd"
i got my first job  laugh  i'm working at popeyes    i hope the fast food industry isn't as terrible as everyone says  o o
going to san <propfirst> for the first time ever saturday  smile 
blah i'm going to go play oblivion  laugh 
going to the band concert tonight  laugh  time to embarass everyone i know again ^ ^
"relay for life last night sucked  the y made everyone pack up because of a little rain   they wouldn't let us keep walking because it was \ingleside\"" territory d:<"""
chemistry final tomorrow o o;;
i wish people wouldn't be so indecisive  they just don't see the mental damage and stress it can cause    > >
"grease last night was pretty awesome despite all the mess ups   laugh  \    he has tourettes?\"""""
the more anime i watch the more oblivious i become to real life situations  playful  but i can't stop watching   
the back button on my ddr pad broke  ; ; i've had it three or four years so i guess that is pretty good considering how much i play ddr  well time to trade in some games and get a universal dance pad    
i wonder why i keep getting all of these bruises    wacth my brother is probably sneaking in my room at night and beating me with a baseball bat  o o but since we don't own a baseball bat i guess i probably just keep falling of the bed without noticing  ^^;;
listening to slacker radio   i love five finger death punch  laugh   love 
i wish it was still storming i think it is cooler outside than in my house  annoyed 
sorry if i'm annoying    i guess thats the long term effect of not having a single mutual friendship until sixth grade @ @
anyone know where to buy a key for the tennis court?
"for the longest time i've wondered why people kept saying \no homo\"" randomly after their sentences    it was finally e playful lained to me yestereday  i also thought fot awhile lmbo was just a typo for lmao but then i realized the a is no where near the b on the keyboard  > >"""
i really wish i had <propfirst> poppin's outrageously big purse right now 
aww i found my old super nintendo and all my games  laugh  but then    i remember a <propfemale> got lodged in it  d':
today  is my parents aniversay  laugh  my dad bought cheese and crackers? lol well i'm going to play more ddr already lost twenty pounds  playful 
how can i begin to sit down and read a big book with all of these better distractions and a poor air conditioning system? = =
"aww stupid ocea law you have to be eighteen to work graveyard shifts  annoyed  its summer    i was gonna help help with the wal mart remodeling since my dad works there  > > \\well i need a job  anybody know of places in particular that are hiring?"
bleh summer is too long i miss everyone    but then again i should at least finish reading last of the mohicans for mrs  <propmale> befroe wishing school was back in session  = =
"party last night was great!  smile   random fact- <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> is now my favorite youtube user  why? pick choice a\\a two camels and a <propfemale> car \\b  because hes doing your mom \\  c  squirrel aids  or\\ d  all of the above "
"i wanna win some tickets to lady gaga's concert so bad i mean shes cool but if someone gives me a ride to win them i'll probably give them away since i know there are die hard fans i just wanna do that impersonation to win them  and for those of you who are thinking \oh god\"" well hey dancing at the peprally is not even an effort  this is my turf  this is acting  so tell me what you think and can you give me a ride?"""
well the contest is today   wish me luck guys  smile 
had a dream that mrs viar was putting on some kinda 300 play in hell and everyone had to go through these epic training montages  oh and the best part[besides the 3 effects] was probably how she e playful ected that a series of warm ups and west side story dancing could protect us from the flames  @ @ actually almost everyone in school was in it  playful 
might be moving to a better house soon    like this month  i really hope so = =
"i finally found my new pokemon game  laugh  and now that its summer i haven't been able to put it down    o o i know i know <--- mega geek  but hey i don't judge you based on your  obsessions with twilight, hello <propfemale>, <propfirst> beiber, care bears, sesame street t-shirts or whatever  plus don't tell me you haven't loved pokemon at one point in your life    unless you've never tried it   joyful "
bored    annoyed  -sigh- i wish i could sleep but i'm on complete graveyards   probably won't be asleep till noon  sad 
spending the night with my awesome <propmale>  smile  i finally get to leave this cramped house -for something other than the grocery store deep breath- its only been two weeks but it feels like decades  smile 
"ok imma do the likey hing  so like this status and i'll tell you likes, dislikes, first impression, a song and just for fun    how i think you are gonna meet your \end\"" -for me i'm going to die of laughter i just know it   laugh """
"i gave up on oblivion, [due to the fact my game kept corrupting]but,this is my 2nd dream since! my theatre class was raiding villages, but i was low on hp & only had a shot gun so after fleeing from a <propfemale> i returned to base  everyone was trading their treasure- a bunch of <propfemale> sunglasses?then we heard bandits coming to ransack us  i ran out with a sword, only to find it was a prop & this hun kills me in one hit!"
"these past weeks have been crazy, i got my tooth pulled then i got two shots, but it was pretty awesome that my uncle i hadn't seen in years came down  + i got to see my first 3d movie [though i screamed when a spider jumped out] i also saw eclipse again with <propfemale>  [when i look at <propfirst> and <propfemale> i can't stop thinking about geometry! with her oval head and his outrageously square one], honestly idk what i see in it"
well its crunchtime    we're packing boxes like crazy and we will be starting to move everything on the first    then there is band camp in the middle of it all  to top it off i still haven't touched that book for english t^t wahh i miss my naps!  annoyed 
finished unpacking    now we have like eight people freeloading over here  playful  why is it all of my dad's friends are suave and admirable when my dad is so lame?  laugh 
anyone know what time drug testing is today?
"drug testing is over with- thank god i was scared for my life that i would be the only one needing a cup o o <propfemale> jyixed me and i was one of the first to turn in, but last to finish    well now <propfemale> is at my place till camp  playful "
i'm kinda angry that i missed the deadline for signing up for dual credit because my family was moving d:<     i'll have to talk to the counslers to see if there is anything i can do   sad 
wahh bottom locker  crying  well at least i'm in dual credit by some magical enrollment of the gods  laugh 
>____________< i had a nightmare that zombies ate my moms brains    i can't sleep o o
grr i'm sick of this <propfirst> beiber chick! d: looks like any other prepubescent little thing and people young and old are fawning all over him    and don't even get me startedon his music > >
we may be behind but i feel like i've learned alot for the alotted practice time    of course alot doesn't mean enough  -hooray for giant free boxes-  \\ joyful 
what the heck? how did i wake up this late? now my day will be sapped right before my eyes   sad 
preparing for another day of extended hours in the sun    its one thing i can't tan and burn but    i'm starting to hate the fact that all of my clothes are black  crying 
"who needs superstitions like friday the 13th? i'm unlucky everyday of the year, and call me crazy but i'm starting to like it  laugh "
nothing like an  awesome guitar riff to get you pumped  laugh 
sometimes i just wanna take my memories and put them in a cardboard box then leave them in a dark alleyway when its raining to be mauled by hungry cats    hopefully memories taste like tuna  smile 
i was supposed go school supplies shopping tomorrow but   i think i'll push it back a day if <propfemale> and <propfemale> are cool with seeing vampires suck then  laugh 
"so    what do you guys think, penguins or squirrels? o o"
oh gosh i love 80's music  love  i must've been born in the wrong decade! http annoyed  chatter com a h0xzw?ref=nf
woo practice tonight was awesome! love  i love stands music  love  can't wait for the first football game   excluding half time that is  laugh 
finally got some tennis shoes for marching practice  playful  now i don't have to surgically remove my feet and stitch them to my shins to show that my toes are up  laugh 
"i'm bored i just wanna go to parent's night already    listening to poison and other classics    i just realized how many dudes named <propfirst> came out with hits in the 80's    <propfirst> squier, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> idol, and no telling who else  maybe it comes with the name?  laugh "
i think that went surprisingly good  laugh  lets all bring our parents to competition  laugh 
i've got too much to do this year    once school starts monday i'm gonna have to give up video games until summer  sad  well its a healthy switch right? hehe =___=
i've been up since 7 p m!!! wow i can't imagine how badly imma crash after practice today @__@ well at least there isn't really anything to learn on the first day   
anyone who doesn't like their 8th period should change to the techer instructional practice thing we only have eight people right now  playful  we will get to do tons of stuff like lead field trips- ideal if you like kids  smile 
"every action has its consequence-be it good or bad whether it effects you or others  sympathy can only go so far you know  i undersatnd death is a horrible tragic thing, and no person sane person including myself would ever wish it upon someone else  however when you play with fire-you get burned, when you do drugs   anyway know the risks "
-sigh- a weekend of homework and cleaning  annoyed 
apcalyptica's new ablum end of me just came out coming out love how they can turn a quartet into hard rock  love 
"well i now solemnly eat my last pb sandwhich, for in the morning when my mom sees how i accidently f'd up her grill shes gonna kill me, worst of all darn apple butter wouldn't open   i at least wanted to enjoy my last sanwhich in peace, well screw you peanut butter, screw you apple butter -no i musn't blame food for it is a fat ones comfort   ok then then screw you <propfirst> foreman for making such a stupid design flaw!"
i just fed my chinchilla one of those red grapes and it was hard enough watching him devour it with his bug eyes scaring me    but when i fed him another one i saw the juices made his fur around his mouth red  he looks like a freaking carnivourous beast! o o -note to self avoid feeding mr  moneybags grapes-
"umm so according to the weather school is canceled tomorrow? o___o no freakin way man, they better not be yanking my chain   annoyed  someone help me i'm spazzing out here o l"
well school or not english has to be done eventually    so inspirational music is in check and i can only hope my drawings don't look worse than everyone else's  annoyed 
ahh nothing beats a nap =w= i think i'll take one now  playful 
"wish i knew how to swim so i'd have a reason to get out of the house today  playful  man i really hate when they say things under maintence for an hour and its been like six and still is d annoyed -four days till vindictus- who is ready to get their geek on? >w<"
itunes pisses me off!  d:<
just walked to walmart and back in the rain = = not that i mind except dragging the cart through the road of hell and flooded potholes  annoyed  my dads a wuss  i have no sympathy  > >
huge spanish project due tomorrow but i lost my book and the notes in one of my classes at school  crying  well i could always work on that diarama for the fall of the house of usher   gah i hate making 3d <propmale> d: fml
so uh    i'm totally not eating bread anymore o o when i opened the new loaf saturday i found one of those chinese crickets baked in the top piece  d: he looked like he was just chillin there napping in my bread  crying 
"dude got a free pie yesterday   but i have a feeling today won't be so great  i just tried on my letterman today after having it a couple of weeks and its too big!  crying  anyone who knows me knows i wear loose stuff but this is insane! if i wore it you wouldn't even see me at all, no joke    annoyed  well there goes my morning   "
"i hate my dad, early this week i made him promise he'd have some way for me to get to the carwash   now his tire fell off and it seems like he makes something happen when i need it the most  he keeps insisting he never said that and now he said hes not getting me anything for my birthday    not that he can even afford the bills this payday im sure with him taking off four and a half days d:<"
"<propfirst>, kay-t i'm so sorry, words can't e playful lain how ashamed i am of my father right now    please get home safe and i can understand why you would hate me   sad "
ughh feeling better i guess i had water poisoning and couldn't sleep   since i had free time i curled my hair and now i look like a seahag  playful    and seriously what keeps happening to my socks? o__o
"so other than that weird dream with \jason giddeons spiders\"" and a shortage of laundry today wasn't so bad   now for the best part of the day   naptime  love """
running on five hours sleep to last till 6 am tomorrow     annoyed 
feeling better today   but my keyboard keeps dying  sad  -sigh- can anyone else feel the waves of disappointment circulating the coastal bend?  playful  i have no idea what i'm talking about  annoyed  later   
thanks everyone for the b-day wishes  laugh 
time to play my ddr hottest party i got for my birthday  laugh 
i got a new keyboard!  laugh   love   love   love 
thank god for imoprov or the talent show last night would've been a disaster! o o
i feel like its christmas with the cold weather like this    lets just skip thanksgiving and november  playful  i can be thankful on christmas  laugh 
anyone have last weeks vocabulary list for mrs  <propmale>? i forgot the words and i need to study  sad 
"jeez i feel like people e playful ect too much of me sometimes, being a funny person just isn't for me     annoyed "
chilling with <propfemale> at my house     i love spending time with the band and all but still thank god that football season is almost over      annoyed  i just don't have the energy o o
bleh  i swallowed a moth! my throat burns > playful 
ick why did my mom come on my facebook wall and publish this? anyways the cold weather makes my hair surprisingly tame   smile 
"hahahaha i can't breath  \maxx: stay from my status promise \me: lololol\\tickling me maxx: and don't post about butt secks!!\lol"
tons of homework to do but i can't seem to make myself do it   i blame siblings and modern technology >___<
"don't you just hate it when you just get out of the shower, eat something and spill it all over your fresh clothes or hair?  annoyed  or am i the only one stupid enough to make that mistake?    over and over again    > >"
great i don't know how she did it but my mom set her clock two hours back d: so my uniform is soaked still and i have no time to get ready    i was going to walk to school today too     annoyed 
"so um everyone did well on the chemistry test i hear, personally i'm worried for the physics test friday    that lady has no clue what shes sayying  annoyed       new south park tonight!  laugh   laugh   love  time for a nap untill then "
ahh i love cold weather fresh breezes and a blue gray sky  smile  especially when theres homemade cookies   laugh  though i hate how my teeth won't let me eat anything sweet  annoyed  there my taste buds not yours! d:
"lately i've had insane headaches and heartburns, curse you acid reflux! i guess the headaches are from staring at the computer screen too much and the bright light from my uncovered window- i also have reason to suspect this is why i've been <propmale> lately -sigh- still haven't touched my physics homework eh its only monday    camping at the beach this saturday  laugh  its been so long i couldn't care less about the weather"
i hate megavideo    i wanna watch now and i'll never pay > playful  -sigh- 7 more minutes im gonna die  annoyed 
"got first in my speech today and i'm going to state  smile  kudos to kiki who got sencond  on her book and is going to state also and mr childes for getting third on his speech    thanks to curves who helped make my christmas the in years, i love my <propfirst> theme room  laugh "
i was so mad yesterday but the oap meeting cheered me up    i almost forgot what  the feeling felt like and why i liked it so much   even though its been only a year  i wanna start now! > sad  tease me then i have to wait till january  annoyed 
gah sitting here bored    maybe i should clean my room so i'll have room to play ddr or something    hmm or maybe not  a nap sounds easier  laugh 
"haha simpsons made an episode making fun of twilight, watching it now  smile "
"so yesterday i blew up boiled eggs in the microwave, today i blew a corndog up >__< [which i barely heated for a minute!] pfft screw cooking i'll live for quite some time off my fat  laugh  haha"
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status"
"my brother talks to electronics   and argues with them o o (his laughing sounds like a hyena having an asthma attack!) \\                   cucumbers are a fruit darn it!  surprise "
isn't it great when people cancel on you last minute? you know after you made plans and wasted all of your time and money?   somehow i had a feeling this was gonna happen  d: oh no biggie not like i changed all my plans just for you or anything   oh wait i did!
i can't jittery this is why you don't give me caffeine! o o  if the weather wasn't like this i'd go run around the block like an idiot    and my house is too trashed for ddr plus everyone else is sleeping  annoyed  what the heck?
this saturday is totally lame  annoyed 
my brother mistook 3am for 10 smile 0 am when setting my alarm clock    and i haven't been able to sleep since  = =
man practice is canceled! i hate colds  annoyed  you get over one someone else gets one eventually it gets back to you > > then it ruins your week at least 
"\i'm gonna go grape a snack\"" lol   can't wait     laugh  its a surprise  smile """
been up since ten at night doing homework (i went to bed at 7) lets see how long until i pass out  at least its done??  annoyed  -another loooooooong week -
"band spaghetti fundraiser went alright    but now i'm super tired, i shall sleep on the thoughts of how to raise money by myself since that was probably the last fundraiser the booster club was sponsoring and i had $200 to raise before today  (that didn't change much )  annoyed "
i finally got a new mouse yesterday form my uncle  laugh 
i don't want to go to sleep but i'm out of ideas as of what else to do right now = =
drum <propmale> tryouts day after tomorrow    i'll be ready  wink  gotta do my essay then practice my conducting  i still have to think of a salute o___o
"finished my intense essay  > laugh  man i love being a good writer, it is so handy   smile  i practiced for hours last night and so more practice today, and i can't wait for saturday!  laugh "
"<propfemale> garden is heaven on earth  love  food and decor are amazing, and the service is great  if only they had pull out beds for when you are too full to make the ride home  playful  well g'night"
"i've come up with my salute 100% original  smile  off to auditions now, and my dad is in a lovely mood as always   annoyed  \pfft <propfemale> of england foreign dignitaries   "
my dog smells like cheetos!  annoyed 
"man the customer service on this site is the best  love  i wanted to spend $40 so bad to get a $30 off coupon, unfortunately i could only spend $20    i still got one and its in the cutest asian envolope love  hurray for chinese new year!  laugh "
aww man i thought we'd at least be able to have practice sunday    i'm super worried about competition this year  sad  curse you district rules! d:
"oh well now i have sunday to relax    just kidding flyers or not i still need to write our speeches, make a skit, compare prices, and do some more research   annoyed  i'm not sure why i sign up to do all of these things, but at least it is for a good cause right? i hope i'm not jumping headfirst into adulthood though    responsibility is too stressful! @__@"
this button mashing doesn't help my carpal tunnel     =__=
came home to find that my bro left the bathroom sink on for who knows how long    and it flooded   annoyed  what have i done to get pimp slapped again and again without mercy! d: -that made no sense but imma pretend it was pretty deep    off to bed  i have a lot of homework in the morning - *insert another pimp slap* alright life you win   troubled 
competition today! lets see what happens 
well we got first place yesterday and qualify for state! now its time to prepare for my other state competition  is this year for real?
i know the weekend just started but i can't wait for monday!!! > laugh  you know what they say about <propfemale>!
i am black hawk    and these are my creepers!  laugh  <propfemale> aguirre you know what i'm sayin'
"are we really related? its hard to believe you are even human much less my family    what happened over the years? we use to be so close   sad  if it keeps going like this you'll be shot for sure, do you even care?!?!"
"clinic is today, but i was so anxious i only managed to sleep two hours! d:"
anyone know anything about being an organ donor?
i'm in a mushy mood today  playful  stupid feminine pooh   surprise  but not like the toast my mom tried to make me eat today    that was more like a twice-used-about-to-burst-shamwow  x x if my emotions were as soggy as that toast   well i'd hafta ask someone to shoot me   laugh 
my dad and uncle are both at work    sorry guys but it looks like i'll be stranded here  > annoyed 
ugh i hate calling people on the telephone   i feel like i'm harassing them no matter how dire the situation  i think i'd let myself bleed to death before calling paramedics  i mean they are busy enough without my call right?  playful 
"we are supposed to be a team and yet some destroy what we have poured so much effort in to make? some people actually love this production, personally i live for oap! if we forfeit this year we can't compete for two more years! no one else in this cast will ever get another <propmale>  i just want to learn and improve, but i guess i'll just give up learning and trying to make friends  look at what i'm going through! fml"
"why is it that the majority of the people with natural talent in any category abuse it, don't care for it, or are total narcissists    "
come on lady luck if there was ever a time when i needed you its now   crying 
amazing how much you can think  alike with someone you aren't even related to   laugh 
new pokemon black and white  love 
i can't get ahold of anyone!!! i'm so screwed    sad ((((( why does my dad have to work?  viar is gonna kill me 
i'm so freaking happy right now! i'm saved :') by more than a thread too  love  i promise i'll try way harder this six weeks though  i wonder how everyone else did   sad 
why does everyone own phones they don't answer?  annoyed  i hate talking on the telephone to but sheesh ever think it might be important? = = and who randomly dropped by my house today looking for me? >___< someone tell me something 
military ball tonight    playful 
"tonight was a-mazing  love  that dj really played everything- except <propfirst> bieber, and for that i am eternally grateful   laugh "
"what time is it? its chicken time! what time is it? el pollo time!\hah that was so out of place it was actually funny "
ew i hate spiders!! d:<
i'm so confused but today was pretty great anyway! maybe it is for the better if i have no idea what is going on  o o
you know that uncomfortable feeling when you see people competing over something someone and despise each other but they are still trying to be friendly about it? -awkward-   annoyed 
"me: revenge! revenge!! the deed shall not be forgiven nor forgotten!  revengeeeee!\maxx; what did he shame your skills as a pokemon trainer? i mean you have no shame \me: -ballistic fury- -wookie cry- revenge!\ playful "
<propfirst> trump roast? i think so!  laugh 
anyone know when easter is this year?
why does everything have to happen for me in march? specifically all next week! i wish it would be spring break forever    t^t
got a lot to think about    i guess i'll sleep it off   annoyed 
so bored   >-< but i'll take that over school any day!
i hate overbearing parents who keep talons on their children but can't see when they are in distress    sad  even still their are 0apparently the only ones with a suitable cure  jeez lighten up its the modern ages  >__<
i hate my bedroom being the living room  d: the enlarged space isn't worth the frequent invasion of privacy! > >
"i should clean my room, i should also do homework, i should also study, and go over lines    but sure enough anytime i have plans to do something, my family interferes   annoyed "
i now know what death tastes like    and yet it is so crispy i must conquer it! x3
"so freakin' happy!!! i got my test results back and i passed everything with plenty of points to spare! reading 272 min230 math258 min230 writing 300 min230\on my writing test sample i got a perfect score of 8! i only wish i could show my english teacher   playful   love "
"i hate being late!  sad (( i always feel like i've let everyone down  i need to learn how to drive, and buy a car  d:"
i need a cool cape and a mask! love 
"i hate fried food  every time eat it, i throw up! plus the taste is usually mediocre at best    furthermore i hate acid reflux "
i'm getting really excited for next week   my prose pieces are gonna be great and i have no worries about spelling either    the day after is oap and i can't wait to rack up a win with the awesome cast!  smile  though i don't want to rush this week and waste the time we can spend perfecting this 
its been a long day  i  wish i could sleep but english won't let me 
"ugh i hate my brother having company over, its ruined my weekend!   annoyed "
"acdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor w   lal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
i would sell my soul to redo today  fml
being stranded at the school with nothing to do but homework for three hours- not fun!  annoyed 
"wtd forty notifications? its the same four over and over again! yet another competition tomorrow, i wonder if i can buy my life back on e-bay "
"i did great, and my best, but i got disqualified  if there is anything i've learned this year its that your best isn't enough, and judges have some serious mood swings   playful "
i just sold my mom for a muffin!  laugh 
