5443763ad4d4d222b59dff1cfd7a647b
let christmas break begin!
wants the snow to leave and never come back
how could i not see something that is right in front of my face?        at least i see it now!
calm and at ease 
"the holy spirit gave you new life  flesh gives birth only to flesh, jesus said  it takes the holy spirit to give a spiritual birth (<propfirst> 3:6)  and it is through that spirit that god's love was poured into your heart (romans 5:5)  the holy spirit also provides an inner witness (an assurance) that you are a christian (romans 8:16) "
"1 corinthians 13:4-7love is patient and kind  love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude  love does not demand its own way  love is not irritable, and it keeps no record of when it has been wronged  it is never glad about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out  love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance "
ok
12 pounds in four days??????? wow
there are ladybugs everywhere!
well       some guy just screwed me over on ebay  now im out 350 bucks       
watching along came <propfemale> with <propfirst> tonight   surprise 
wayyyy too much homework  why do i procrastinate?
senses fail - the priest and the matador    is one of the saddest songs iv ever heard
"one <propfemale> of a tri<propfemale> is 10 degrees greater than the smallest <propfemale>, and the third <propfemale> is 30 degrees less than twice the smallest <propfemale>  find the measures of the three <propfemale>s              who cares!!!!!!!! i hate math"
my tooth and tummy hurt!
pokemon rocks!
things happen when you do stuff
just beat ff13!
gooooood night
not tired at all! someone talk! lol
shiboner! thats loud!
gay   
iowa!
hmmmmmm     where to get a job    
just started wow back up! lol
ahhhhh  the <propfemale> of doing absolutely nothing!
car is payed off! thank god
iowa drivers are insane!!!!
the e playful endables is a for sure my fav movie of the year! highly recommended
dur
wow till 2 smile 0 with button? good times! lol
oops       slept through my first class today    annoyed 
feels like somethings missing     hmmm
i just got 13 hours of sleep      now   what    to   do    
car is officially for sale   
if it means a lot to you is a bad ass song
bought a new car 11 minutes ago!
by by old camaro       sad 
kearney drag strip today!
weiner
"left my accout\left account logged in at alltel    dumbass"
"hey, i'm an idiot and left my facebook logged in on the droid in alltel!"
cleaning a hoarders house is like running on treadmill       you get nowhere!!!
cars piss me off
what a eventful night!
headache
one on one tackling        
my bed treats me so well  lol
once again we destroyed ourselves    
my stomach can only take so much pain!
i think i shattered my pelvis!
kiteh
steelers!
fixed the pain in the ass ground problem in my car today  nice weather!
the packers are gay      
3 turnovers?        i'm gona go cut myself      
rest in piece patches
sigh       short hair again       
there is no such thing as sleep when there is a thing called facebook to sit around on
birthday over      sad  thanks for all the birthday wishes!
never knew not being able to drive my car would suck sooo much ass!
and the homework keeps pilling up as i keep putting it off      haha
something needs to go right pretty soon!
computer is fixed!!
3 essays to write! d: who wants to help????
might get my wisdom teeth pulled   
<propfemale> crap i have the most bad ass cursor in the world! haha
ahhhhhh   car is clean!
were did this piece of fur come from??
im gona go cry myself to sleep!
men
cant wait to just move already!
i'm so ready to paddle boat!
i am now officially a tenant of a house!
finally a day off! and i just woke up    lol
nuckin futs
new home here i come!
internet!!!!!
mmmmmm    feels so good to have a doctor cut a piece of metal out of your eyeball    
wisdom teeth getting pulled tomorrow at 9        
<propmale> kfc isn't near as good as <propmale>'s       
money and me reallllllly dont get along
