1835894948c8186ab12edd934bafa562
last accont got disabled idk why  look for evryone agin soon  smile 
going to bed  hittin the gym around 3 smile 0 tomorrow
"we only have one life  the timing and the moment all seem so right  so would you say your mine?(we'll be just fine ) would you say your mine? (we'll be just fine )\love like woe-the ready set  love "
well hes just about perfect but lives in gastonia! ugh! to damn far away but im fallin for him forrealz people
showin my spirit! lol went to tha football game last night  we lost by 30 points  surprise  well thats ok we will do better next time  wink 
"had a blast at the game!! love my friends <propfemale> <propmale>  coutney <propmale>, and <propfemale>!! lmao and some one special  wink  lol"
being single is boring dx
listening to ready set and getting ready to go to bed  night everyone!  love 
so this weeks good   short   but on the flip side we have picture day which isnt bad except the fact that i always end up looking terrible and they put it in the year book  well i'll get through it the best i can  smile   love 
just got back from body tech  tired but have to start my research paper x(  might go to the soccer game thursday but dont know what time it is so if anyone knows please tell me  smile  
like this status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird cute nickname  8  and you have to post this as your status too 
"(^^^)  playful utnam: <(\)  indecision ] :v thanks brodie for teaching me these amazing skills!!!!!"""
hmmm i wonder why there are no hot guys at my school    i know there are some evrywhere else!
didn't go to soccer game  sad  appearently my mom think that parent teacher conference is more impotant   surprise 
i watched that avatar: the last airbender movie last night  to anybody else that watched that    did you see the penis or was that just me and my family??
i love <propfirst> <propfirst> urban!  laugh 
"i'm thinking baby you and i are undeniable, but i'm finding out love's unreliable  i'm giving all i got to make you stay, or am i just a roadblock in your way?\-the ready set  love "
dr  pepper!  love 
renaissance festival with <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> in 5 days!!
horrible headache today  got to miss school  smile  so i only have tomorrow then this week is over  laugh 
"if raindrop were showers, id send you the sea  if the waves were cuddles, id send you the beach"
"i try falling out of love, but falling out of love means falling into someone else, and you were the one i tripped for "
holy shit people i just read something that made my day!! if you want to know what it was message me lol if you dont care then stop reading my status! lol
i hate waiting unil the last munie to do homework   but i always seem to do it  oh well @[undefined smile 
why are people one way on facebook and totally opposite in real life? i dont understand why people cant be true to themselves and others instead of putting on an act all the time 
"ok, so my parents are going to get a divorce  im in the process of moving out with my mom (still going to patton though)  and all this friggin homework is driving me up a wall! so yeah theres alot on my mind at this point "
im sick  sad  but im getting through it  hopein all this pans out for the best  a&a  love 
moving sucks ass! anybody miss me yet?
whats on my mind? to much to tell but when all else fails i still love you   smile 
where is the best place to buy awesome clothes? im goin shoppin tomorrow and i want a bangin outfit  smile 
who would be excited if i moved back to morganton?
how can you believe what people say? its hard to believe people 
i love you
so anybody know the name of the new guy at school everyone is talkin about?
stefano lagone has my heart forever and always!  love 
wow i got lots of b-day wishes and whipped cream shoved in my face in front of a cute guy at el paso  wow gret past two days! oh and i deffinatly suck at bowling  smile 
chord overstreet + <propfemale> degeneres = amazing!
why is facebook so boring? they need to add some uhh   fun to this site 
"watched hop friday night, it was good  alot more people my age then i thought there would be  haha oh well it awesome to be young and watch stuff like that! *cough cough* spongebob! i love that cartoon!!  laugh "
so today i went on a family adventure with my mom and dad and they bought me a matress that i said i wanted because it would be a good sex matress  whats wrong with my parents?? lmao
