0ff857847d93c548ad19322a6f87595d
"congratulations, <propfemale>!!! i can't wait to meet <propfemale>!"
"it has been a wicked year -- quite possibly my favorite thus far  although i am slightly sad to see such a fantastic year come to an end, i look forward to the hope and joy that 2011 has to offer  have a great, safe night everybody  and thank you to everyone who made this year so special for me "
"2011 has officially begun and i gotta say, it seems an awful lot like 2010 "
i just had a couple of back-to-back ridiculously bad blonde moments 
i've come to the conclusion that my work shirt is the most unflattering piece off attire ever made  does anyone know where i can get them altered for cheap?
finally back on facebook  yay! i'll be checking periodically now that i'm back in school 
time for anthropology  talk about fun  lol
"ok, time to work on those papers lol "
"ugh  done with papers for now  i finished the ones that are due tonight  that's enough, right?"
going to bed  psych test at 9 and an anthropology paper due at 7 tomorrow night that i haven't even started!!!
six hour breaks between classes just shouldn't exist 
i know it's late but the cheese danish cake in my kitchen is calling out to me 
"if sleep is for losers than i must be one  night, all!"
"i'm out of my mind right now, but if you leave a message i'll get back to you as soon as i can  beep "
"it's been a long, long, bad, bad day  time for a late night snack and then i'm going to pass out!"
finally something went right!
aced my psych exam  pretty sure i aced my anthropology test too  life is sweet     for now 
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!
job interview tomorrow!!!
"don't you know about the bird? well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! a-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word!"
it is april 9th! why does walgreens have christmas ornaments?!?
why is it that i can't please anyone without pissing someone else off?
finally got that ohare job interview rescheduled! noon on friday!
got the job!!!!!!!!!!
so i just did a celebrity look alike thing with several photos of myself  the two that came up each time were <propfirst> timberlake and <propmale> bennington lol 
"i just got an application that's supposed to make my battery run longer  yup, there's an app for that!"
"ugh, ear buds are really annoying  i miss my headphones!"
"i'm so excited, and i just can't hide it!!!!"
i really hate it when random skanks send me friend requests!
"3 final exams, 1 presentation, 1 paper, 1 lunch meeting, 1 work meeting, and 1 job interview = 1 interesting week ahead of me!"
"after four long months of unemployment, i now find myself in a wonderful predicament  i have two jobs!"
sometimes i really don't understand why people want children  they're such little brats!
i think it should be mandatory for all college professors to check their email at least twice a day and respond to all student emails 
is it sad that i'm excited to be getting up early tomorrow for work?
"i start work at apm in two hours!!! <propfemale> murphy, i owe you dinner!"
i made four sales today  not bad for my first official shift!
"i hate people who take the aisle seats on buses and refuse to move over  here, old man  take my seat!"
happy mama's day to all my facebook friends' moms! and to my facebook moms as well!
i'm about to spend the majority of the next twelve hours working  why am i happy about that?  smile 
hooray! all my last minute errands are done  time to go relax with my girls and then it's off to vegas!!! tomorrow morning!
just got to vegas  let the fun begin!
back from vegas     bag half-unpacked     so tired     passing out in 3     2     1     zzzzzzz!
i am anxiously awaiting <propfirst> kimmel  hopefully i'll get some piece of mind 
"damn you, <propfirst> kimmel!!!!!! alternate endings my ass!"
"after much deliberation, i think i am satisfied with how lost ended "
"well, i did my good deed for the day  time to sit back and soak up the good <propfemale>!"
the good <propfemale> has come  training is finally scheduled for the new job!!!!!!!
"wow! 45 minute break? what to do, what to do?"
"worked over 40 hours this week  not that i'm complaining, but how is that part-time?"
ugh! rain means flight delays  flight delays mean at least one store has to stay open late  i hope they give me baggage claim!
"mmm, everything bagel with cream cheese!"
i'm really proud of the photos i took on the beach the other morning  they're pretty damn good for camera phone pictures!
"i take back what i said about wanting to work baggage claim  it's gonna be a very long, very boring shift "
i really need to start packing lunches for work  granola bars and fruit snacks are starting to get real old 
wtf is going on? my last bus driver had to ask me where to go because she was new and now this one's trying to kill me!
wow glad i'm on the train  it just started pouring out of nowhere!
i wish i could <propfemale> mother nature for making it rain on a saturday 
o'hare needs a fun place for the employees to spend their breaks  a karaokee bar perhaps!
friday can't come soon enough  i will feel so much better about the ten hour days i've been working once i see the results!
damn you rain! i'm not getting out of work until at least midnight tonight  my only consolation is i have enough money to get me a bagel at dd on the way home 
"i <propfirst>, take thee everything bagel with cream cheese  to consume and devour for as long as dunkin donuts shall sell you  you may now eat the bagel "
"judging by the number of people on the train, it's gonna be a crazy day at the airport!"
"can anyone tell me why the two children giving me the \ooh you're smoking\"" look outside the laundry mat won't stop staring at me?"""
"i would like to personally thank <propfirst> butler, the abc weather lady for ruining what should have been a beautiful day by forecasting rain "
10 hours in and i still don't know when i'm leaving work  this kinda sucks 
wow i think i just got off the train to transexual transylvania!
"i would like to thank <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propmale> for making yesterday so much fun  totally worth the hilarious sunburn i'm now sporting!"
who steals dryer sheets? seriously!
what a beautiful freakin' day! this is my kind of weather  too bad i'll be at work and won't be able to enjoy it  very envious of those of you who will!
i just found out i can jump ahead of the security line at work  i feel like such a bigshot! lol
it's time for the perculator!
there's a drunk man at the airport screaming profanities at the wall  i'm scurred!
apparently the drunk guy from yesterday lives at the airport  he's here again today and talking to his hands 
"so far today, i missed a spot shaving, i am a sweaty mess already because of the humidity, and my register number still doesn't work  so far, not loving today!"
really wishing the designated smoking area wasn't right next to the extremely obnoxious taxi director  just stfu already!
"finally got the 25 dollar gift card from hudson news for staying til 2 in the morning a couple weeks ago  it was addressed to \david\"" butterly  lol!"""
i need some new music  any suggestions for songs i should download tonight when i get home from work when i should probably go to sleep?
it's been a good 12 hours for food  had an amazing texican burger at <propfirst>'s last night  now i am eating fresh grapes and drinking fresh coffee  my taste buds are very happy!
working my butt off at the new job has started to pay off in a totally welcome and une playful ected way  i am wearing jeans that haven't fit me since last year!
"i swear, somtimes my ipod knows what song i need to hear at a particular moment better than i do  thank you, ipod!"
so my frog tattoo that i got 3 years ago!!! keeps upraising like a tattoo does when you first get it  does anyone know if that means anything significant?
"i want to open up some kind of shop at belmont and <propmale> and name it \if you dare\"" """
"dear cta, why do you cut back on the number of cars on your trains as well as the frequency of the trains? people travel on weekends, you morons!!! sincerely, <propfirst> butterly"
well it was bound to happen sooner or later  i missed my stop coming home on the train tonight  lol
finally off work and now i'm stuck at <propmale> park because i am sooo not walking six blocks and risking hypothermia and or electrocution 
going through some serious doctor who withdrawls  i hope i get off work early enough to watch some tonight 
why would facebook tell me that i might know some random guy in louisiana that only has four facebook friends and none of them are people i know?
"just found out i'm working til midnight  sigh  but, on the bright side, i just rang up <propfirst> from general hospital!!!"
i can no longer listen to weezer's my name is <propmale> without envisioning my friend's interpretive dance!
is finding out way too much about the girl sitting next to him at the financial aid office 
a big part of me just wants to leave work and not tell anyone  it's so beautiful out tonight!
my last customer was over half an hour ago  why is this store still open?!?
"i am ridiculously immature sometimes  i just laughed my ass off after watching a nbc newscast by \dick johnson\""!"""
"well, i now know that getting your baby toe stepped on by a 400 lb man hurts like a son of a bitch! and knowing is half the battle "
"we didn't start the fire! it was always burnin',  since the world's been turnin'  we didn't start the fire! -- good fucking luck getting that out of your head!"
does anyone know when tucked-in red t-shirts and torn blue jeans became the style for twenty-something latin guys? they are everywhere today!
today has been one of the best days i have had at work in a long time! and i'm getting out early! score!!!
40 mins to get to el centro from the neiu main campus  mondays and wednesdays are gonna be crazy this semester!
why is it that whenever i work baggage claim some weird dude always comes and hangs out in my store? it never fails!
"joj\\what is that, you ask? why, it's macaulay culkin in home alone!"
i hope whoever decided to give ke$ha a record deal dies a slow and painful death 
"procrastination <propfemale> is wreaking havoc again! i suddenly can't get \ironic\"" by alannis morrisette out of my head!"""
no  that wasn't awkward at all    
"just when my wrist was starting to feel better, it's time to go to work and fuck it up all over again! damn you, carpel tunnel!"
"yesterday was fantastic  today's not looking too bad either  laundry, then bbq!"
suddenly found myself reminiscing about vegas  had to change my profile picture accordingly!
rough day  and it's nowhere near over yet  i still have to go home and do homework for however many hours  f    m    l 
"ok, everyone out there listening to music right now  time to be completely honest  what song are you actually listening to right now  no lying to make yourself sound cool, no quickly hitting \skip\"" to eliminate an embarrassing song  complete honesty!!! i'll go first: need you now by lady antebellum \",0ff857847d93c548ad19322a6f87595d,new best feeling in the world: the smell of freshly cleaned sheets combined with knowing you're about to get your first full night's sleep in over a week 
"to all the parents at o'hare today: i know this is a foriegn concept to you and i know i probably sound nuts, but how about watching your damn kids!"
i feel like i'm singlehandedly keeping 7 11 in business 
"hanging out with <propmale> and <propfemale>, then bachelorette extravaganza!"
"dear ignorant asshole, if the person you are smoking next to is wearing pink beads and a pink button that says \team bride\"" chances are he's a \""fucking faggot\"" """
"a customer at work just called an atm an \a team machine\"" """
"i need to figure out a way to incorporate the word \resplendent\"" into a conversation today """
i just kept up at a jogging pace with four military officers for about 30 seconds  that's either incredibly amazing or really really bad 
electric worry by clutch just went on repeat   smile 
"today is national coming out day  gay or straight, let's support those who find the strength to come out today "
apparently facebook thinks that if you have polish friends you know every polish person in chicago!
jackass 3d is pretty good  gets a little old toward the end though 
midterm for social policy kicked my ass a couple times over  who knows? maybe i did better than i think i did  i hope i did better than i think i did!
time to see how well my new work shoes hold out after 7 hours without a break  fml 
"i'm running out of 5 dollar bills, singles, <propfemale>, gum, and sanity  this day needs to end "
it's official  drunken old people don't know any good songs 
"thank you to everyone who remembered my birthday  and also, a special shout out to <propfirst> and the brand new <propfemale> rauscher! i love you guys!"
"ok, people! i have uploaded my pics from leen and <propmale>'s wedding and i have started the process of tagging, but only made it to the reception lol  feel free to tag anyone that i am not fb friends with or continue on into the reception and after party pics  i had so much fun this past weekend! congrats once again to <propmale> and <propfemale>!"
"lol there's a guy singing <propfemale> underwood's \before he cheats\"" in falsetto  it's pretty epic """
lol i think someone from the telemarketing company i worked for at the beginning of the summer just called my house!
ugh! my stomach feels like i just ate half a dozen sliders on an already full stomach whilst sitting in a tilt-a-whirl next to ke$ha 
"i'd be perfectly happy if things tasted like what they resemble  like, why can't carrots taste like orange popsicles?"
"in this town we call home, everyone hail to the pumpkin song "
my thanks to <propfemale> and <propmale> petersen for a delicious dinner and exceptional hospitality! i had a great time last night 
"happy daylight savings, everyone! enjoy your extra hour of sleep!"
i don't think i get paid enough to be as bored as i am right now 
i'm doing a trial run of not bringing my backpack to work  i feel naked and i keep thinking i left my backpack somewhere 
"if you were a status update, i'd like you "
officially sitting in the theater and i am very excited for hp to start!
what the hell is casting crowns and why does fb tell me i like it? i must have thought i was liking celtic crown pub or counting crows 
"i just heard someone say \finally the weather reflects how i feel on the inside \"" that is either the most tragic words ever spoken or the creepiest """
have a gobblelicious thanksgiving everyone!
i am f to the r to the o-z-e-n  i hate winter 
i love my new profile picture   smile 
"change\ your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, \the 6th of december  join the fight against child abuse and invite your \friends to do the same  do it for the kids!!"
i am so incredibly grateful to <propfemale> <propfemale> right now  thank you so so so so so so so so much 
"what college has fire drills? seriously, i am freezing "
is wishing <propfirst> pistorio and <propmale> marfia the happiest of birthdays!
i foresee a ten hour work day tonight -- at least!
lesson of the day: don't eat fries in front of a pregnant woman 
hallelujah! this semester kicked my ass  i am so glad it is finally over  if only the final grades were posted i could relax 
i just got my hair cut for the first time since mid october  so much better!
final grades for the semester are in  3 a's and 1 b!  smile 
why is it that every time i try to go to bed at a decent hour i wake up just a couple hours later and then i'm up all night?
sick of things going wrong today 
"as i ride the train to work on this chilly christmas day, i can't help but feel a little bit jipped "
"i'm running late for work, as per usual  i really need to work on this whole punctuality thing "
"must be nice to work a shorter shift than mine, take a longer lunch than anyone else in the company, and not have a single person say a word to you "
one pill makes you larger and one pill makes you small     and the ones that mother gives you don't do anything at all 
"cannot wait to go back to school  it will be a much welcome distraction from the craziness that is my job  on a related note, i also can't wait for thursday!"
"i'm starting to feel like a starbucks p i m p ! second time this week i got a free coffee \upgrade\"" lol """
just found out that the professor for two of my classes this upcoming semester resigned   sad 
school starts tomorrow!
"anyone out there who needs a good laugh should check out damnyouautocorrect com! i haven't laughed so hard in a very long time! thanks, <propfemale>!"
"oh, my god! i'm gonna kill my batshit crazy landlord  i finally feel tired enough to sleep and she's outside calling for her cat?!? it's 2 in the morning! get a fucking cat flap!!!"
there should be a facebook horoscope app for those of us on the cusp  i am a libra dammit! i am not a scorpio!!!
school week: done! work weekend: just beginning   sad 
i would like to wish <propfirst> fortin and <propfemale> salameh a very happy birthday! let's hope their next birthdays are a bit warmer 
i feel like someone performed a vulcan death grip on my neck!
i really hope that the papers i just sent to my professors are as eloquent and communicative as my over-tired mind seems to think they were 
i have come to the conclusion that resistance is indeed futile  the path i cleared when i shoveled earlier is deeper with snow then when i started 
i would be so much happier right now if i had a chair  then i could sit and do nothing instead of stand and do nothing  i hate baggage claim!
"new best thing i've ever overheard someone say over the phone: \i think i was just compared to a fucking telletubby! i am not happy \"""""
yawwwwwwn steeeeeeetch  wake me up when my shift is over 
overcrowded bus + loco <propfemale> + badly plowed street + bus driver who is apparently going senile = worst cta e playful erience ever!
cta's not my friend today  overcrowded bus (again) + vulgar rowdy hs kids + hour wait = even worse cta e playful erience 
