6ff1a2dd6f1e835590b464abdc405719
"i finally submitted and made one out of sheer boredom  hooray, boredom!"
i just lost the game 
"so, no longer jailbait  not gonna lie, it kinda depresses me "
"is excited because he just saw a commercial saying \the 13 ghosts of scooby-doo\"" will be on dvd tuesday! awesome!"""
"have had the old teenage mutant ninja turtles cartoon theme stuck in my head since i got up  don't know why  then it led to me losing the game  heroes in a half-shell, turtle power!"
"8:15 on a saturday night, and i'm at home, on facebook and watching \the 13 ghosts of scooby-doo\"" on dvd  i think it's a pretty good way to spend an evening """
"i love watching kids' jeopardy  it makes me feel really, really smart "
the day society decides eating bacon with your fingers is impolite is the day <propfemale> dies 
just got optimus prime as part of an answer on jeopardy  words cannot begin to e playful ress the awesome 
"watching <propfemale> wars, and it just occurred to me that jabba the hutt, covered in chewbacca's fur would probably make a pretty fantastic pillow "
"had a dream involving a soccer game, a bunch of people from <propfirst>, and chocolate cake with vanilla frosting  the other team cheated, and the cake was good "
"a hero doesn't care if you're a bunch of scary, alcoholic bums!\everybody!"
"the person who came up with grab'n'go needs a statue  nothing gaudy, just something to show our appreciation "
"tomorrow's friday and i only have an oral exam that will take about five minutes, <propfirst> just made me incredibly proud, and i have the room to myself for the weekend  if only bones were on instead of stinkin' baseball, this would be perfect "
"last week of classes, alright!"
last day of uc 115 tomorrow! so glad it's over 
just sat and ate an entire pint of mint chocolate-chip ice-cream  life is good 
"just got done with thanksgiving dinner  you are all jealous, and <propfirst> burtt is the best ra ever "
"finals: one down, one to go "
is about to start a project due at 8 surprise 0 in the morning  wish me luck 
"done with finals, packed up and ready to go home   fall quarter is over "
"just realized his first full-fledged all-nighter in college was not for the sake of some project, paper, test, or party, but instead just because he wanted breakfast on his last day on campus  not quite sure how i should feel about that "
watching a 2-year old try to steal his mother's double-baconator  ha 
how the hell does my dad get multiple trojans in solitaire!?
am i a terrible person for thinking it's hilarious that a two year old is terrified of judge doom from who framed <propmale> rabbit?
"is depressed because i just found out the mighty morphin' power rangers megazord  i was considering buying is based on the crappy remake, and the original one that i want is $310, and the torrent i have to download power rangers isn't working "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? not to see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th, and be surrounded by only our best childhood memories  join in the fight against child abuse and copy paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
"really needs to stop putting off writing his papers  still have till 2 on thursday to finish it, but not really sure what to write it about  let's just hope my bs is up to snuff "
what kind of guy knocks a girl up without even googling her?
