d4fd69e07969397ee392ac738e0129f8
"\what's in my pocket dog    big face hundeds!!!!\"" got my servin hustle on tonight! ay!!"""
wants to hit the miromar outlets in naples on monday    who's down? and yeah i'll drive! lol  i just need company!
headin to sarasota to get my in-styler  it's time to be fierce with a new hair style!
gggggggggg-unit!!!!! here we go big blue let's do it up and get another championship under our belts!!
excited for the one tree hill and gossip girl premieres tonight!
birthdays suck    lol
gettin' last <propfemale>  things done so the casa looks fly and i can look hot as a summer day in cali for my twannie twan's wedding on saturday! e playful ect some pix of me and my sis in laws lookin sexci in the wedding gear!
is excited for ant and @<propfemale>'s wedding today!
is excited for <propfemale> wood and <propfirst>'s wedding today 
"had a great time at the wedding! yankees up 2-0, big game tonight i'm nervous as hell! i wanna spank that damn rally monkey tonight!"
kickin back at the casa dolo as usual    prayin the yankees win tonight    
i'm bleeding pinstripes!!!! yankos in the world series! ay! yankees run this motherfuckin town tonight!!!
ouch so their my yankees when they losing and your when they're winning   damn!
getting ready to hit m i a  manana and cruising the caribbean on sat   halloween suntans and drinking parties on a boat to paradise! ay!
cruising the caribbean on sat   halloween suntans and drinking parties on a boat to paradise! ay!
back from the cruise   it was amazing! but the w s  was better! yankees 2009 w s  champs   ay! i shed a couple of tears and popped champange 4 my boys cause in ny we smoke phillies!!
chillin w  my bitches angel and <propfemale>    bout to watch a movie!
finished at angels house    the hangout spot is back  chillin wit my girlz tonight woot! but i'm tired n hungry! lol   
is waiting in anticipation for midnight! i need my twilight fix!
team <propfirst>     !!!!
new <propfemale> was dope   can't wait 2 c it again 2moro with <propfemale>!
bout to hit up starbucks w  my bitches    ay!!!
goofing round at home    need some company tho hit me up!
all i want for christmas isssss         youuuuuuuuu!!!!
headin to <propfemale>'s crib! u know the digits!
just finished watching the latest dollhouse epi's    omfg i'm in love with <propfemale>!!!!!
bored out my mind    nichole : farmville is not a competition u dildo! and    i'm in need of some love any takers    lol      
bout to go to <propfemale>'s crib     !
so tireds      
no one on the corner has swagga like moi!
"bored    going to starbucks i need some fresh air, a coffee and a cig     any of my <propfemale> familia down   hit up the phone!"
call ms  flinstone    
flying like a bird    ay!
"cutting out my past     starting a new chapt in my life   thanks <propfemale>, <propfemale> and angel you guys have been amazing throughout it all love u guys!!!"
tired   going to bed! wish i was up in the club     
kickin back at home for a bit
going out wit lynds    the master and the protege are on the prowl!!! aha    hit up the celly if u wanna come 2!!
long night    kinda sad to see something amazing end   but it's not in my hands! i guess that before i bare my soul to anyone at remember y i keep it a secret
finally sitting down to re-write my poetry so i can use it in a manuscript   wish me luck!
"bout to shower this has been the craziest, exciting, drunken week of my life    i need a vacation! lol"
"this has been the craziest, exciting, drunken week of my life    i need a vacation! lol at home   alone i could use some company?! any takers!"
just wants to be love    is that too hard to ask    
just wants to be loved    is that too hard to ask    
mmmmm     beer! i'm goodie!
can't see my eyes unless my head is bent     i stay fligh no lie u kno this    ballin!!!
can't see my eyes unless my head is bent     i stay fly no lie u kno this    ballin!!!
is drunk and wants somethin she can't have put the kid out her misery !!!!
are you shitting me!!!they are cancelling my dollhouse!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!no more <propfemale>!
wants someone on the tip of my tongue    haha
is the cookie monster bitches! i'm bakin up a fuckin storm! ay!
the popcorn playa is back    no one on the corner got swagger like moi!
j v is a yankee again    ok kkkk  i'm a miss the melk man tho
is just chillin     lovin life bitches
<propfemale> christmas to my fam all over the world! i hope ya'll get everything you want this year    as for me    well i'll post my new pro pic today and you'll know which of <propfemale>'s lists i made it on! ay!
trying to get my mind right   
trying to figure out how i went to bed sober and woke up drunk at 5 am     
i'm so fresh to death you would think i got dressed in a coffin! uh ha!
dinner for twannie gaga's b-day tonight! then hmm     i dunnoo     lol
has stayed home for two days straight    lol    it's a record
headin to the cafe     someone does got love for the kid! lol
"\cause i can't breathe when you talk to me i can't breathe when you're touchin' me i suffocate when you're away from me so much love you take from me i'm goin' outta my mind\"""""
is feirce wit her new things    tomorrow it's time for ecko red!
is killin em in the streetz wit the new gear! ah! what u know about that!!!
even when i try to be responsible and good    i lose    what the fuck!!!!
got some perspective from the right source! god bless and good looks <propfemale>! cuz now i'm a be killin it in the streetz wit my new 'tude n the gear swagga to <propfemale>tch!
i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost  i hope i am right!!! lets lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost    when jesus died he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3% repost this message ~ thank you and god bless you and yours!!
got some perspective from the right source! god bless and good looks <propfemale>! cuz now i'm a be killin it in the streetz wit my new 'tude n the gear swagga to <propfemale>tch!
is lookin forward to life again    i got my swagga back bitches     the tides is turnin and i'm a ride this wave who's ridin wit me???
back from work    fun night!!! come see me tomorrow at at toti's from 2-8 and drink up the on the special!
"\oh something's missing in me i felt it deep within me  as friends left me to bleed alone\"""""
nude    lol    
it's true    i have the awesomest aunt ever! aunt <propfemale> liking flyleaf is so kickass!!!!
"\oh something's missing in me i felt it deep within me as friends left me to bleed alone\""- flyleaf - missing"""
chillin at home   text me    
is in the dollhouse with echo      love  dame <propfemale> noche contigo      !
shower then heading out for a bit     
had a fun night w  tor    we run this town    ahhhh!
out around town     for the night    
"first day back at college    school from four to ten    algebra,,biology, and west  civ     ugh    i'm super nervous!!!!!"
blah i'm tired
is making some christmas wreaths!!! i know it's past x-mas   but i finally decided to make em!
oh baby let me be your dream   i'm the answer come see me!     i can hear your heart    crying out for me!
just got interrupted while i was writing some poetry! fuck         
layin down   with theraflu in my system    trying to avoid getting sick
"woke up in a cold sweat   ugh    no bueno   soup for breakfest with a theraflu chaser and yes i'm gonna watch my soaps, since no one is gonna visit my sick ass!"
still sick   bout to take my theraflu crack lol    
three days grace and flyleaf are coming to ft  myers omfg!!!! i'm so there!
hittin town   ay!
boozshy ass perpetrating mothafuckas played me out tonight!! i was dolo 2nite i'm so disappointed looks like i'm only good when ya'll want me round fuck ya'll!
thinks her mom is so cute    she needed help with her i-pod a little while ago     my mom is technologically uninclined lol!
"\i live for the nights i won't remember with the friends i'll never forget!\"" last night was an adventure    good lookin out b \"" new pix comin soon   """
"\it started off with a kiss   never e playful ectin this    and now i'm here copin with my addiction     \"" - excited for spring training! got tickets to a couple of games! i start my first official bartending shift at toti's 2moro from 2-8 come see me!!!"""
"suddenly feeling like <propfemale> in coyote ugly   very nervous about today, but excited  come see me at toti's i'm mixing up some sex on the island drinks 4 ya'll!"
watchin the game wit ant    no work schedule got messed up  hit up the cell 
chillin    bout to hit the books   text me
"\blame it on the vodka     \"" drinkin a screwdriver wit cran and writin an essay on gilgamesh!"""
"\ya actin like a diva sayin you don't wanna pay it's gotta be ya fiesty style raise that brow i love it when you look at me that way   \"" at school    text me! lol      because u know you love yourself some me!"""
"it's doppelgänger week   during this week change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athelete) you have been told you look like "
doing my nails gettin ready for tonight!
is fresh <propfemale> death
"\what's really good? what you know about it swagger too good i should notarize it\"" back from a great night w  ash so many giggles cuz she's full a jokes   !"""
kickin back at home bout to watch some tv w  mom dukes    beef stew for dinner tonight yummmm!
it's <propfemale> bitch    yes i'm downloading ms  spears    and fuck i'm so retardely happy right now dancing and singing like a nerdy geek! and i love it!
can't believe the beef i jus got into    all cuz someone decided to use me to get attention  oh <propfemale> is full of users    and assholes
home    
is soooooo goshdamn excited that her boi <propmale> e  fresh is back    venice just got a lot better!
just woke from an intensely amazing dream      damn i wish i could have slept long    
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments   (ok well jilyan wasn't there but the other spelling of my name was and i absofuckinlutely swear that i am not the author of the definition on urban dictionary even though i'm sure angel will dispute this! lmao! btw this definition is completey on point!!!!"
another great night wit <propmale> e  fresh   scrabble n coffee at the cafe-he beat my ass! chilled w  kat 2! thai food w  fresh 2moro n <propfirst> lounge wit <propfirst> boi!--so tired tho    coffee is finally wearing off i'm hittin the bed    lmao
long day wit doug   no lounge tonight   my boy got into an accident  chillin at home bout to watch gh     and then go to sleep!
interestin day    relaxed mostly cuz i'm sick    been drinkin tea and theraflu all day lmao! but went to see mah girl ash for a bit    always good times wit my bitch  chilled wit <propmale> e  fresh too   home now watchin <propmale> n norahs infinite playlist   
out with <propfirst>
superbowl party at my bro's   should be tons of fun   an of course u know i'm rollin with fresh!
<propfemale> awleans    word    brees killed it! wish he could a beat <propmale>'s record!!!! congrats to the saints and their fans!
school   text me
it's a new day complete with a fresh and new me     i'm finally feeling like things are changing    for the better   
is praying for her godbrother <propmale> who's in the hospital right now he is in a lot of pain n might need surgery   i'm sick w worry n just wan2 be w my munchkin!!
tired     
life is good lol     
young money thieves    steal ya love n leave!!!
is excited about the possibilities that lay ahead!          : annoyed woon::
crazy nights wit my chicas at the club    lmao  n i luv it!
"pc4pc     makes those good ones go bad  \i'm on a 24 hour champagne diet   spillin while i'm sippin i encourage u try it!"""
and jerzey jus ain't the same w o the fresh! mizz mah boi!--is ridin' wit a swag that i got from outer space!--n this rude gal iz fatal like a buckshot 2 ya brain!!---mmmm i love being cocky it'z mucho fun!
can't wait till thursday       annoyed ighs:
call me homicide jilly bout to kill ya ego!
ain't gonna tie me down   lmao
u ain't gonna tie me down    --out to ft  myerz    be back 2moro! ay!
call me the cookie monster    yumm    ! so   cocky n sillllllly right now   i should trademark mah swag     !
"-- 1st official yankee game 4 me in 2 years! pirates v  yanks @ 1  omfg   pinch me! i hope arods there today    (it's a split squad game)  but i'm so excited i can hardly contain myself! i'll post pictures when i get back  trust that i\m rockin my official world series a-rod jersey!!!!"""
ft  my w  melis till friday     woot!
melis's coming up 2moro woot! celebrating st  paddy's w  my fave <propfemale> girl    lmao   no beach though and i'm pissed the weather is gonna suck!
"had an awesome time celebrating st  paddy's with melis, <propfemale>, kat, and <propfemale>! don't you know i'm magically delicious!~ love "
bout to run some errands     can't wait to see melis l8r! werd!
you want love? we'll make it swimming in a deep sea of blankets take all your big plans and break 'em this is bound to be a while your body is a wonderland
she asked me fo a picture so i gave her 3 strikez!!! yankees v s  orioles in srq werd! so excitedzzz n hopins that jetes n a-rod r ther love mah husbands! ay!
she asked me fo a picture so i gave her 3 strikez!!! yankees v s  orioles in srq werd! so excitedzzz n hopins that jetes n a-rod r ther love mah husbands! ay! --w  mom dukes and melis! go yanks!!!!
home   
knock knock guess what the goon's home!!!!~ love  werd!
so every time you hold me hold me like this is the last timeevery time you kiss me kiss me like you'll never see me again every time you touch me touch me like this is the last time promise that you'll love me love me like you'll never see me again --- a  keys concert tonight in tampa! plus <propfirst> thicke is opening    mmmm can't wait to hear him sing sex therapy!--werd!!!
"wiped   long week, feelin like i lived in my car  had 2 much fun mmm werd! but need a vacay n a nap! wishes i could cuddle w  sum1 rite now!"
i'm on my new york shit! i think i'm hot son!-- werd!
is thinking she might have to teach sum1 a lesson    werd!
can't wait 2 taste the rainb0w cuz it'z magically deliciouz! -- werd!
fuck it all      
the cookie monster is about to be unleashed!~  love 
knock knock! guess wat da goon's home~ love  --werd!
so should i be completely ashamed of myself that i'm suddenly starting to really like <propfirst> bieber's music     damn i feel like i'm in high school again! lmao     
hittin the beach w fresh and brat! football and beach wrestling word! lmao!
sleepy   talked on the phone 4 like 7 hours or so    but well worth it needed to fix some things!
still sick     ugh i need a new body i hate feeling this weak   
back at the er in sarasota w papa bear      at least i got in early and at least i'm not tweaking lilke last time  poor melis she's a saint!
at the hospital waiting to get some tests taken    
hospitals suck and it's worse when ur alone all night and day!
home--but still sick  --missing some1 special    can't believe how lucky am i to have 'em though!
mmmmm i heard on the news there's a kissy monster on the loose! werd!
startin 2 feel a lil better     hopefully this mystery ailment is on it's way out mah system i wanna feel like me again!
"i'm sooooooooo excited for wed  and thurs ! can't contain my happiness, these last two months have been indescribable  --my heart has been yours since the moment i looked into your eyes    werd! loves u soooo much!"
"i'm sooooooooo excited for wed  and thurs ! can't contain my happiness, these last two months have been indescribable  --my heart has been yours since the moment i looked into your eyes    werd! loves u soooo much!----i'm givin all my life and all my love   if you  promise me you'll be here forever i'll give you me i'll give you everything if you promise me you'll never leave me!"
"i'm sooooooooo excited for wed  and thurs ! can't contain my happiness, these last two months have been indescribable  --my heart has been yours since the moment i looked into your eyes    werd! loves u soooo much!----i'm givin all my life and all my love   if you  promise me you'll be here forever i'll give you me i'll give you everything if you promise me you'll never leave me---"
"\man they treat me like a legend am i really this cold i’m really too young to be feeling this old it’s about time you admit it who you kidding man nobody’s ever done it like i did it   ahhh!\"" ----homicide drizzy bout <propfemale> kill ya ego!"""
celebrating the anniversary w  mah loves! it's been the best two months of my life! love yous! --werd!
"angry   disappointed   frustrated    ---please tell me why i do my best to prove myself and in the end it doesn't matter cause i'm second guessed??? why oh why? ahhh fuck it, mikey and mal are coming over thank god i need some love right now     "
still got no idea what the hell is wrong w  me after another trip to the e r       fml!
geeeeeeked up crazy    lmao!
"\i'm chilling but my swag on full attack!\"" -werd  !"""
can't sleep   working on a final exam essay and then going to scf super early to make up my human body exam   fml i'm craving sleep and what's worse is my mystery ailment is stabbing at me again! grrr     
taking the car to get fixed finally!
fml  nothing is ever easy pharmacies suck!!!!
still waitin on that scrip     
tramadol makes me nauseas ugh     going to get my car from the shop woot! it's time for a transformation    i'm bringi ms  fierce back lmao!
mmmmmm i think i need i think i need i think i need mah medicine!!!~werd!
<-------knows she screwed up   can't sleep w out u next to me      
hitting ft  my 2 see mah goon    lmao
hitting ft  my 2 see mah goon    lmao----i better find yo lovin i better find yo heart!
amazing night last night    my body feels like a noodle    lmao      n i'm craving some pollo tropical ahora! werd! missin sum1! it gets soooo lonely on yo side of tha bed!
fml---crackberry is on the <propmale>! arghhh!
i'm chillin but my swags on full attack!
chillin at the casa  missin sum1    --surgery on thursday at 2 surprise 0 pm please pray that they finally figure out my mystery ailment!
i wanna do bad things to u!!!--werd!--true blood rox my socks!!!
"--trying hard to follow <propmale>'s advice n think positive   --when i wake up thursday after surgery life will start    love u   can't sleep argh! appt  at 9 am for pre-admission testing  and surgery at 2 pm on thursday at smh, anyone who would like to visit lmao hit me up on the cell to let me know!"
"\i been waitin all day to wrap my hands around yo waist n kiss your face   \"" ----werd!"""
surgery at 2 surprise 0 p m  at sarasota memorial hospital  mom dad and <propmale>is will be with me     if anyone would care to visit tomorrow after i get out of surgery just text me cuz <propmale> will have my phone    --i'm scared but i'm surrounded by love    ! trying to keep positive and think about when i open my eyes after surgery my life will start again!
update: my doctor found the source of my pain! i had an internal hernia    they took care of it yesterday while i was under i'm on the road ro recovery werd!!
still recovering at smh     missin my bed-not surprised at the lack of visitors  at least the v i p s came! mmmmm i'm really missin sum1 special!
discharged from the hospital  --feelin' like <propfemale> lmao! missin sum1!
feelin better thank god still pretty weak    staples come out on tues!
yet another month has past and i'm still super crazy 4 u!u r my past my present and my future   i can't wait to really get to that future cuz i know it's going to be bright and beautiful just like ur smile! mmmm i loves u    happy anniversary!
heading to ft  my to see mah lovez later tonight! mmmmm i can't wait to be in ur arms     !!!!! 3 days w u and i'm finally free of pain werd let the fun begin!
ft  myers w my lovez! : annoyed woon::
can't sleep    n i'm missin sum1!!!
chillin w mallorie solau and my bro!
missing sum1       kiss -(
and the hits keep coming! argh first lebron signs w miami now it looks like the yankees are giving up a kings ransom for <propmale> <propfirst>! fml my fav  catching prospect in the system jesus montero would be going to seattle this is absolutely retarded! we will be paying twice for a 32 year old pitcher
for now montero seems safe as reporters are claiming the deal is dead    i want to jump for joy but i'm still scared that it could happen!
missin sum1 hardcore! i feel incomplete   i should be holding u in my arms right now!
feeling incomplete     missin u soooo much it hurts    
all <propfemale> game! werd    i'm hoping to watch it w my love    miss u my snuggly muffin!
missing her loves sooo much     i need u in my arms!
is all over this ice cream beat like sprinkles   lmao     missin u   
woot woot guess who's comin bizzack! lmao i'm headin home to jersey for a visit get prepared bitches    aug  6th it's goin down!
werd    
can't wait till friday    i'm missin some1! and mmmmmm in 2 weeks i'll be home in jerzey  kickin it w mah fam and some good friends werd    
"needz new beatz in her life   --bout to roll 2 my future city 2 see tha most beautifulist one in the universe    mmmmm super werd! ---\girl don't turn around cuz i'm love wit ya back in love w ya back!\"""""
had an exceptionally amazing time in tha 239 w my loves   werd i can't wait to call it home   mmmm mostly cuz waking up beside you is the greatest feeling ever    u give me butterflies with every smile!
"to the most beautiful, and most wonderful person in my life : happy 5 month anniversary baby! i love u     "
but i need u to kno that i care      and i miss u!!!! ----muah!
"this one goes out to mah baby!! happy anniversary!! ---\baby you don't know what you do to me between me and you i feel a chemistry i won't let no one come and take your place cause the love you give it can't be replaced see no one else loves me like you do that's why i don't mind to spend my life with you i wanna please you in any way i can i wanna share my world and don't you understand yo love is a 1 in a million!"""
"\it's not the same w out u here    on yo side of the bed!\"" ---mmm mah baby surprised me 4 our anniversary and as if her presence wasn't enough she showed up w mah favorite type of bouquet   ! (i love u baby!!!!!)  :::::: annoyed uperswoon:::::::"""
"what an anniversary     lmao surprised by my lovez w a heine bouquet, a superbly performed eyejob and i even got serenaded this morning over the phone while i was wiping my eye boogerz out    lmao though some of it might have been ur dried saliva <propmale>! i lovez u!!! mmmmmm mah baby iz the bestest! ---:::::: annoyed uperswoon:::::::"
"\i'm on a boat bitch      gettin' seasick!!! ahhhh j p not really on a boat but i just booked my birthday cruise (leaving later than my b-day lmao) n mah <propfemale> is coming w  me superwerd!"""
cleanin up the cave (mah messy room) be4 headin to ft  my to see mah <propfemale> bunches of oats!
drivin to ft  myers to be w mah <propfemale> bunches of oats! superwerd!--
a spy in the house of my love? lmao racing out to the car chukking my bag in and duckin to the floor!!!!
w  mah <propfemale> in srq
misses her baby hardcore!
can't wait to <propmale> tha deuces up to this wack ass town     missin mah baby wishin i could be in tha 239 ft  my goon central lmao    ---had fun holdin the cart at walmart while my boo boo push me past the cheese    lmao! mmmmm love u!
"\and i don't wanna sleep if you ain't here     \""---superwerd     :: annoyed ighs::: i misses mah shawty! lmao     lovez u <propfemale> bunches of oats!"""
worst case scenario    4 weeks till the deuces go up on v-town! aha    i'm like oooooiiiiieeeee baby cuz that means that in september i'm a be 239 supergoon lmao kickin back in the new casita holding mah beautiful love in mah arms all the time and waking up every morning to her beautiful smile    mmmmmmmmmmmm superduper * infiniti werd! fuck <propfemale>    i'm a goon lmao!
so am i a complete goober for downloading music my <propfemale> simpson?? lordy it's like i'm 16 again!
yup! i lovz me sum trigga <propmale> songz     watchin my moment! mmmmmmm super duper awesome sauce
i'm really channeling my high school dayz lmao     d-loadin some old 50 freestyles     werd     
i'm really channeling my high school dayz lmao     d-loadin some old 50 freestyles     werd     ---u couldn't son me if mah father helped u!
\and this is your <propmale> on drugs,\d4fd69e07969397ee392ac738e0129f8,so exciteds 4 2moro!
mmmmm someone's racin for mah love     shake n bake <propmale> <propfirst> lmao!
drained     
slightly hungover     and completely upset with myself    alas thats what happens when u suddenly become an emotional jackass!
waitin on mah lovez     
on the menu at tbl an old saggy man in a sheer nightie dancing     w a side of no underwear---super gross!
home from a wonderful night w  loves     but now i'm missin her sooooo much!
fancy dinner w the number one man in my life! daddy and me enjoying dinner at <propfirst>'s on the east! super werd
bout to lay out for a bit and catch some rays till mah loves comes thru!
trying not to think of u only got me missin u more
"girl, i'm feeling like i'm coming down with a case of you \now it started in my head but it trickled down to my shoes \i feel so weak, so hard to breathe \but it seems to only happen when you leave, girl \ain't nobody ever had me feeling quite like you do \i'm coming down with a case of you!----i've come down w  a case of <propfemale>! ahh fuck i misses mah baby!"
tell it to my heart i can feel my body rock everytime u call my name! lmao some ol school <propfirst> dayne for ur brain!!!! superwerd
has come down w a case of <propfemale> lmao      i miss u baby
missin mah baby!
everytime she leaves it's mah heart that she takin from me       i'm super missin mah <propfemale> bunches of oatz!
"mmmmm    6 month anniversary is today! i love u baby! \you are all i need and i'll never let go!!!!\"""""
missin mah baby!
its not the same w-out u here   on yo side of the bed!!!! and i don't wanna sleep if u ain't here      missin mah <propfemale> bunches of oatz!!!!!
wow    since when does <propfirst> bieber have enough street cred to be on a track with raekwon from wu-tang       ::::facepalm!!!::::
i'm counting down the days till my cruise! western caribbean sept  26 on <propfemale> of the seas w  my baby! mmmmmmmm      can't wait 
birthday is in less than nine days    hitting the quarter century <propfirst> and finally i'm starting my life!
is still in a state of bliss over how wonderful yesterday was      !!!! someone please pinch me lmao! l
<propmale> nadal winnin the u s open omfg superwerd its history i love mah boy from espaina!!!!!! ayyyy!!!!!
pretty excited about my birthday tomorrow     plus i might be flying to baltimore this weekend to catch a yankees game    hmmm     who's got the bestest love in the world??? i do    lmao my baby is tha fuckin bestest!!!
"pizza, blue <propfemale> and carvel ice cream cake      plus mah loves spending the whole day with    mmmmm best birthday ever  thank you to everyone for the birthday love!!~ i hope to see a bunch of you tonight at toti's for another celebration     yea i'm a spoiled bitch i know! lmao!"
and the party don't start till i walk in! superwerd
"just one of them days, that a girl goes through when im angry inside, i don't wanna take it out on you  just one of them days don't take it personal, i just wanna be all alone, when you think i treat you wrong, dont take it personal baby baby baby baby dont take it personal ----definitely jus 1 a dem days    "
"\when you and i say goodbye i feel the angels cry     \"" ---missin my love more than words can describe          """
it seems like good things are happening! something that was a huge worry for me seems like it's settled     i'm going on a cruise in the next few days     and i've got a super duper good feeling that <propmale> and i will be hearing news on the house this week! keep your fingers crossed!!!
hittin miami in 3 days    cruise in 4!!!!
super frustrated      i just can't fuckin deal w  the bullshit no more  my head is gonna e playful lode!
i'm on my ny shit i think i'm hot son! --fuck tha bullshit i'm cruisin w mah baby in a few days! nothin like a heini midday to cool me down lmao!
engine engine #9 on the ny transit line if mah train falls off the track pick it pick it up pick it up!!! peaches killin it old school at totis super mothafuckin werd! n i love it!!!
home    had a long tough nite    i miss u    
"mmmmmm it's friday finally! i've been waiting months for this weekend n it's finally here! i gets to see my baby in a few hours then off to get our nails done, dinner w the fam then manana we hittin miami ay! sunday i'm on a boat bitch!"
hittin the road!!!soon 2 be in miami bitch!
at the port bout to cruise w mah baby!
i'm on a boat bitch!
i'm  on a boat bitch! n i jus peeped lil <propmale> n t-pain's  love child lmao! settin sail soon! deuces fb!
guess who's bizzack! lmao cruise was rough     no buenos! i'm leavin tha boat sick n <propmale>'s a bit sunburned
the <propmale> for 28 begins tonight!!! go yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait to move to the 239    i never wanna be apart again!
mmmm yanks lookin good headin to the alcs superwerd!!!! hughes da man!!!!!!
"is a lesbian and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly bsrj68 "
i'm a jerzey girl i might take some gettin used 2!!
missin mah <propfemale> bunches of oats
i'm reachin while imagin ur there  its so lonely here  and i don't wanna sleep if u aint here!
\i pull and you push and we cry till we laugh again and i promise you you promise me back and then why does it all fall apart in just a matter of time\,d4fd69e07969397ee392ac738e0129f8,"\this is not what i intended i always swore to you i'd never fall apart you always thought that i was stronger i may have failed but i have loved you from the start\"" ---time to start over      """
chillin tryin to finish my latest true blood book lmao     missin mah baby tho!!!
let's go yankees!
super missin mah baby right now   
yankees way to go winning big! werd!
<propmale> hughes    lead us back to the bx wit a lead babyboi! go yankees!
as long as its seedless    pumpkin pie shake farts lmao!
is coming down with a case of <propfemale>     
reading breaking <propfemale> for like the third or fourth time    take u like twilight i'll bite yo neck lmao
missin mah love hardcore        
is praying the yanks pull out a win tonight!--n i don't wanna sleep if u aint here!
time look for a halloween costume
no sleep for the weary    lmao
she broke the cardinal rule   don't fuck w people who handle your food!!!!!!!!---monty (waiting!!!)
good win yankees!
just got the best news ever     next week <propfemale> and i will finally get to start working on our house because the renters will be out! :: annoyed igh::: ::::tears:::::!!!!
\i know you, who are you now? look into my eyes if you can’t remember do you remember? oh\d4fd69e07969397ee392ac738e0129f8,"chillin at home hoping to see mah baby 2nite     yankees need a big win from philly hughes    gonna watch the game w the fam(mike, mal, mom n dad n hopefully mah lovez!) lol i needz mah lucky charm!"
w mah loves
super duper ultra loves her <propfemale> bunches of oats      lol i know u all think i'm too sugary sweet but find perfection like i have n u will have a similar status update lmao! muah * infiniti to mah baby!!!!!!!!
i'm feelin like a 4 year old lmao i need a nap!
love u like a fat kid loves cake!
any ideas for an ine playful ensive halloween costume????!!!! i'm losin mah mind
waiting on my chicken souvlaki pita from pita pit      super chronic lmao werd!!
missin my other half
she relaxes by making everyone else nuts!---my dad refering to my mom
makin steak enchiladas w a green chili sauce and fresh refried beans for dinner tonight superwerd!
mmmmm i'm celebrating 8 wonderful months w the most amazing love ever today oct 28th!!!! i love u! and happy birthday <propfemale> my bestie! love u too!
so 2day is when it starts i'm going to ft  my to begin work on our home an i'm thru the roof about it    we picked paint n tile yesterday (who knew that stuff could be so exciting! (btw i fell in love for the 2nd time yesterday lol w  a beautiful n perfect female boxer <propmale> n i even picked a name for her brooklyn (a tribute to my dad) but the petstore wanted like 3 * what she was worth so we walked out i was sad lmao)
in ft myers bout to see mah new crib superwerd!!!!
mmmmm i'm home!!!! lots of work to do though lol but at least we finally have a place to call our own!!!!
my mind is in a bit of a haze trying to figure out things in regards to the house
fuck it       i don't care
feeling like my dream might not come true     
but if my time is up let me know right now i will find a way back to ur heart     
"\sometimes i miss u so much that it hurts to breathe    \"""""
is fallin' to pieces             
feels like it can't be soon enough    i missing you too much!
is in need of some serious tlc     
out to srq    i need some me time to get out tha funk    
killin it in the kitchen cookin up a storm for mal's birthday werd! n i get to <propmale> up the deuces to v-town in a few days superwerd    i'm a be 239 goon ft  myahs w mah baby!
can't wait 2 <propmale> up the deuces to v-town    missin mah baby tho!
is feelin like all is lost
at home    in v-town    but wish i was in our home with my arms wrapped tightly around u    i miss cuddling!
kinda sad    kinda frustrated     i just want this to be over     i hate being apart from u     
anyone on fb with a truck that lives in v-town i could use some help tomorrow is moving day!
out to nopo w my lil nugget    then ft  my tomorrow to start unloading my car and painting!
"out to nopo w my lil nugget    then ft  my tomorrow to start unloading my car and painting!    \you make me feel like i'm living a teenage dream!!!\"""""
"\i hate feeling like this i'm so tired of trying to fight this i'm asleep and all i dream of is waking to you tell me that you will listen your touch is what i'm missing and the more i hide i realize i'm slowly losing you     \""---still not w  my love in ft my    i'm starting to feel like we'll never get there      """
"its's all jus too much   i can't deal    bout to say or do something i\ll prolly regret manana but i'm a <propmale> so it shouldn't be that hard to swallow    i'm giving up i got no hope of happiness at this point    no matter how close we get something always gets in our way whats the motherfuckin point u don't even love me enough to stay up to fight w me      fml"""
no matter how close we get something always gets in our way
it's moving day     lmao i know i've been saying this for the last like 5 months or so but it's really fuckin here i swear this time n if it goes south lmao n i have to spend another night in this horrible podunk town i'm a go postal! missin mah baby     come get me in the truck soon! love u !
another night spent alone in v-town w out mah baby     y can't the world just let me move to lehigh already fml!!!!
i'm on some new shit i'm chuckin mah deuces up to v-town    lmao! the goon is gone heading to fort myahs now  got lots of unpacking and some cleaning to do at the crib  hit up the cellie if u wanna chat cuz i won't have the net for a few days! lotsa love n kisses but i'm ghost like swayze gotta be w mah baby! lmao!
knock knock guess what the goons home! got everything into the crib now comes the fun part! unpackin lmao!
at the crib getting ready to run some errands!
missin mah loves       wish i was in our bed holding u in mah arms
shower then getting my car fixed so my tire doesnt blow out on i-75 back to ft  my lol     missin mah boo
heading home to be w mah boo      
home sweet home waitin on mah boo!
mmmmmm coffee
kinda sick in bed ugh fml   
mmmmmm 9 month anniversary i did it up real special an romantic i'm that nigga! lmao
capped the evening off w some tasty bananas <propmale> superwerd!
fml the washing machine is like the exorcist right now lmao! can't wait till wed when the couch n tv come werd i need some ps3 in my life!
as furniture blows!!!! fuck em for dickin us on a tv!!! grrrrrrrr!!
tramatic night       lmao       but i got a job interview today so i'm alright!
i never knew love till there was you     
the house finally feels like a home! long day w mah baby gettin stuff done    now iz time to snuggle up w mah loves! gn fb!
bored     bout to go take a test for a job
tireds    time for a nap b4 my loves comes home
so i jus called a job and found out i passed the assessment! superwerd 2nd interview on tuesday!!
sleep time today isn't my day fml
u lookin at the newest server for <propmale> grill! ay it feels soooo good to be back
food running shift at the grill tomorrow werd! a lil tired now tho its nap time lmao
home from work but dayum it felt good! lmao bout <propfemale> chill w <propmale> n watch a movie
might be getting my christmas present super early this year!!!!! lmao werd     
"\but well i am a beast     they must a been trippin <propfemale> have left me off tha leash!\""  had a blast at work! gettin my first x-mas tree 4 tha crib on mon w daddy! werd!"""
going to look at some boxer pups tomorrow     i have the bestest loves in the world!
has the best loves in the universe! <propmale>'s coming home w our new puppy jeter tonight      how lucky am i to have the best love n 2 super awesome dogs????!!!!!
chillin b4 work!
<propfemale> christmas!
i'm from the hood tho!!!
i'm a beast on the half <propfemale>! ooooooooowwwww!
new phone number! 239-281-1283
new number was wrong lol! its 239-281-1293
mmmmmm droids for me n mah baby we're
no sleep in 6 days     the joys of raising a puppy lmao
just heard the new <propfemale> omfg!!!!!! loving it! if i said i want your body now      would you hold it against me!!!!
i'm damaged at best    like u already figured out     
work    
hungry like a fuckin younger me     fuck the fee i could get u jumped for free       lmao im on my disney shit!!!!
sleepies w da loves    
playin dj hero 2!!! love the tiesto mix of bad romance    i rip that ish!!
server hustle get it get it!!!!
tired of having 3 dogs in the house lmao khloes going home tomorrow     back to normalcy    headin to iowa manana w mah loves werd     now to clean the house 
workin at the breeze
nappin w my rockadoodles! loving my lil boxer
happy birthday to my loves!
at breeze   day 2 of 6 straight   lmao werd!
its official    celebrating one year anniversary tonight w my loves    pinch me  lmao i love u baby here's to a lifetime w u!
day 6 at the breeze      tired!!!
doing a promo for the breeze at city of palms park   werd breakfast w <propfemale> first     todays gonna b a blast
home
happy birthday mama! i miss u n think about u everyday  i know you keeping me safe and loved each day! r i p!
promo again  twins stadium
soooo tired!
home alone     fuck
workin at the breeze 2nite needing a reason to smile tho     i got a heavy heart right now
home alone again    heavy heart still    
fml
brokenhearted     about to lose everything i love
all i know is i love you too much to walk away     
is dying to feel the warmth of her embrace     
working at the breeze 2nite
sittin here going half crazy   
"so it's over    officially  i don't know how to even begin to start over without u      i'm back in <propfemale> and seriously in need of my friends right now  i'm hitting toti's tonight for a drink and hopefully to hear peaches play some dope music  hit me up and come see me, i need some love lol "
new bar w mah vtown bitches fuck it tha kid is single not gonna drown    im bizzzzack!
home w glo n mami  chillin 
it felt so strange to wake up in <propfemale> this morning      dayum i miss my life in ft my     and dayum i really miss coffee and snuggles on the couch while watching the <propmale> n <propfirst> show     
"breakfast    putting soem stuff away then hittin the island to kick it w mah homegyrl     it's time to mend the brokenheart, gotta keep my head up and get looking like the fierce bitch i am "
kickin it on the isle w mah bitches
kickin it on the isle w mah bitches just picked up some new tight jeans n a fly button up werd bout <propfemale> be grown n sexy lmao
mmmmm i'm soooooo fly feels like i'm taking off i'm sooooo high! hitting the town in mah new gear feelin like honey    someone never shoulda left this size 3 dime     cuz this jerzey girl is sexxcy tonight!
not gonna lie     i'm missin her sooooo much right now      it's lonely on yo side of the bed      
chilled w  my <propfemale> last night had a great time     now for some coffee and waiting till my bros come over     it's a <propfirst> family bbq werd 
super excited bout hittin ft myers next week to see my girls! i miss my breeze chicks! dinner n drinks would my new besties can't beat that!
chillin at the house w mom n glo     not sure what to do today 
spring training game in two days w my titi glo! supermotherfuckin werd! yanks vs orioles ay!
needs a strawberry mojito from the breeze right about now    lmao guess a corona will due  job hunting this week   
time for sleep! i wish i had my snugglymuffin though!
"\kush rolled glass full i prefer tha better things    \""---lmao    gotta be a goof u know me! bout to cook up some dope fried fried rice    what u know"""
dinner w dad and glo at the chino buffet      werd
home bout to watch some tv     tired tho  yankees game tomorrow!
yankees game w titi glo!!!! ay cono! werd 
just saw jesus montero     omfg i was mad close ay!!!
just walked n spoke to <propfirst> granderson whoa baby 
oh and i just saw <propmale> swisher superwerd he shook my hand!!!
mmmmmm i love new beatz     
just woke up from some really insense dreams   to an empty bed fml
hittin the gym    time to get beast mode!
chilling bout to cook dinner     ay
fort myers tomorrow    feels bittersweet     
is in serious need of some fun tonight     
dominoes    lol    i need some grub!
home     chillin    bout to have a heine    lmao
breakfast    gym    ft  myers! btw everyone who has my current cell number (239)281-1293 please do not call it or txt it after 12 surprise 0 pm today  i'm giving the phone back to <propfemale>  i will post my new number as soon as i get it 
new phone number 239-745-9047 txt me ur <propfirst> please
fort myers beach w my bitches
heading to firepit for <propfemale>'s bday
chillin like <propmale> <propmale> at blu w the breeze crew!
awake    barely    drinkin my coffee   w  a super crispy creme sun-burned back    damn now i gotta work on the front    lmao    missing ft myers and my friends already     had an awesome time w  the crew yesterday love u guys bunches!!!!
missing my lil zeus     i love u <propmale>!
sleepytime  needs tha snugglies tho!    5 hrs on the phone w mah <propfemale> baby jeez   lmao lotz of giggles and goofin off    i love it!
"femme fatale is out today     mmmmmm supermotherfuckin word  pickin up a copy in a bit     it\s <propfemale> bitch!!!!!"""
rolling to target to pick up my copy of the new <propfemale> album     so fucking exciteds right now!
"\if i said i want your body now      would you hold it against me???\""  ---i found a song on the new album that i'm dedicating to someone lmao    it's hilarious     i'll post later!"""
\so come on won’t you give me something to remember?\,d4fd69e07969397ee392ac738e0129f8,sitting at my comp  about to work on a fiction that i started a year ago    it feels good to be back to writing    i've missed this soooo much 
is in need of a really good snuggle     any takers??
no sleep again    fml  bout to head out for a day w my dad    going for a massage later  superwerd!
finally got a cell phone w service lmao thank god! now here's to hoping i can return the metro piece of shit phone      can't wait for my massage later    mmmmm
fml i hate metro     gotta get yet another new phone number  i will post it very soon  start sending me <propfirst> anyway on fb plz    
new number   ugh    239-336-9157  txt me ur numberz or post on fb for me
new phone number     txt me or post on fb ur numberz plz i have none! 239-336-9157
awake     parents leave tomorrow on their cruise     not gonna lie i can't wait     a free week w o authority! party up in this bitch lmao    
needs to do something today    lol fml
watchin the nadal v  federer semis right now     mmm i love me some rafa!
chillin     txt me --239-336-9157
mah swag game crazy    the mental asylum lookin foe me   ha lmao im a goofball    
chillin w tha fam at mikey's crib
mmmm white castle frozen burgerz     werd im missin jerzey
beer n brownies lmao werd
tired     going back to sleep     
bored    
use to be valentines together all the time thought it was true love but u know woman lie    -werd
