0ede09e61e7c79ae75a4d7842078b1a8
with <propfemale> and laurrrraa smile 
eating cocoa puffs (o:
about to walk all the way home from katies  text me  406 5431
has a strong <propfemale> to sleep on the roo
is riding dirrty
"i thought i told yuh, imma <propfemale>  see that ice? see the carrrrr "
with broooke  wanna chill? smile 
wowwwwwww  fml 
getting nose pierced todayyyy 
watching the haunting in connecticut 
at brookes  talk to me 
no more braces!!  laugh 
bum dayyy smile 
borrrred):
"bad mood, can't sleep"
"hmmm, bored  "
showertiiime smile 
at brookes lovaaaa smile 
feed your imagination 
sooooo annoyed with all of the problems myspace always has  ugggh
already thrusday tomorrow! smile 
already thursday* tomorrow! smile 
annoyed 
just got questioned by the cops when i didn't even know what was going on  soooooo mad 
my day was pretty good  and i got tot paint my room! smile 
school is too stressful 
"do you think you can tell, blue skies from pain?"
have to make four posters and four speeches for decades project  and have to do all of my phys path project  laaaame  procrastinator?
did not sleep at all last night because i have to present my decades project today  and i have a driving test today  and i have a phys path test today  wish me luck? haa  :
"girl i will cut him  welcome to <propmale> burger where we do it your way, but don't get crazy  i gotta complicated order  don't interrupt, rude  sucurrity  suh currity  next please"
game later
homecoming week this year was reallyyy disappointing 
getting ready for homecoming smile 
about to go over to katies for pictures  sooo excited smile 
"homecoming was good  afterwards was really fun  so tired, goodnight!"
"this weeks gunna take forever  friday, sixfalgs! smile "
geting in the shower  then laame homework  goodnight everyone smile 
today was funn  excited for fridayyyy smile 
some homecoming pictures are up! going to beddd  goodnight loves smile 
was <propfemale> tired all day  sixflags friidayyy!
"cause i'm here for you  please don't walk away, and please tell me you'll stay "
"left in a maze, there for i am a-maze-ing  ----goodnight everyone! smile "
"i kow its really early, but my sweet 16th birthday party is on december 5th  don't make plans! smile "
"one of my best friends moved today): buttttt, six flags tomorrow! smile "
"shower, homework, bed  goodnight  tomorrow; school than six flags! smile "
"eh, still not done with homework  six flags tomorrow! smile "
had lots fun last niiiiight smile 
"poms was alright, i'm really out of shape  figures  lol"
"i said, yeah <propmale>  rollin like a big shot, chevy tuned up like a nascar pit stop smile "
chillinnnnnnnnnnnnnn smile 
kinda dissapointed 
"paranormal activity is seriously the scariest movie i've ever seen  hahaa, its really good "
"surely you can take some comfort knowing that you're mine  just hold me tight, lay by my side  and let me be the one who calls you baby all the time  when i'm alone, time goes so slow  i need you here with me  i'm here "
that was very scarey   
"so it’s not gonna be easy  it’s gonna be really hard  and we’re gonna have to work at this every day, but i want to do that, because i want you  i want all of you, forever, you and me, every day "
"i should be happy once i get home after seeing you  but that only means i'm not with you anymore  i don't like not being with you  when i'm alone, time goes so slow  i need you here with me "
good mood! smile  goodnight kiddos 
"not going to school again today  lol, sleeeeeeep smile "
"yeah <propmale>, rollin like a big shot  chevy tuned up like a nascar pitstop smile "
"never caught my breath, every second i'm without you i'm a mess  and i'm melting in your eyes like my first time that i caught fire just stay with me lay with me now "
so siiick):
"ugh, going to the emergency room):"
back home   still don't feel very well    :
ugggghh   i hate this <propfemale> muchh):
can't sleep  
"at home again, feeling a lot better smile "
this medicine makes my whole mouth numb  haha!
"i feel better after i took a nap  lol, about to hop in the shower smile "
"getting ready   for what? not completely sure yet  ? lol, but i have to do something, i've been stuck in my room for dayyyyyys  haa"
"bowchikawowwow  haa, yeuup   with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  hit us uppp! smile "
last night was perfect smile  happy halloween everyone! going to dg with <propfemale>  then chillin with <propfemale> and <propfemale> laterrr smile 
"drama drama  uggh, i hope this night gets better, its been kinda laaaaame :"
"seriously, what did i do to you? ever? don't put your drama on me  woww "
wowwwwww  this sucks 
good things don't last 
"last night was funn smile  hungryy, about to make soup, haa figurrres! lol, talk to me! smile "
new halloween pictures! yeaaahh
<propfemale>   what happens now? where do we go from here?
"gimme them bright lights, long nights  party till the sun is rising "
that sucks  not in a good mood  whatever  boys are nothing but trouble 
"didn't go to school today, again  i'll be there tomorrow though  two day week for me! smile "
you make me wanna screeeam 
could you cry a little lie just a little pretend that your feeling a little more pain  i gave now i'm wanting something in return so cry just a little for me 
can anyone help me with my trip project?!
"<propfemale> helped me finish my trip project and shes not even in my class! lol  good mood, but still don't know whats gunna happen next  going to school tomorrow  two day week! smile "
"mm whatcha sayy  mmm that you only ment well  when cause you didn't mm whatcha sayyy  mmm that its all for the best, because it is   playful "
"at megans   about to walk to my house for a little, then back over here  lol  four day weekend! smile "
"hates not knowing  uggh! oh well   four day weekend! smile  ahaha, whoooopp!"
with <propfemale> babyy love 
"your friends say \what is it? you look like you've seen a ghost \"" you know that she'll break you in two  at my house with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  talk to <propfemale>!  smile """
"just watched my sister's keeper   cried like a babyy! haa, bout to go to mcdonalds   smile "
"boys will be boys  can't live with them, can't live without them  or can we ladies? hahaha! whateverrr  i don't need that drama in my life "
last night was fun! smile 
shawtys like a <propfemale> in my head that i can't keep off  got me singin like nananana everyday  like my ipod stuck on replay   playful 
"confusing night  whatever though  tired, going to beddd! smile "
you make me wanna <propfemale>!
happy veteran's dayyyy! and happy birthday to alissa! smile  last night was super fun  hahahaa
limbo with the girls  at <propfemale>'s nowww! funfun! yeahhh smile 
this weekend was so much funn smile 
"love me or hate me, just to bring me into that drama of yours smile "
girls: if your guy thinks he can do better than you and doesn't think hes the luckiest guy in the world to have you   break up with him before you're too attatched   trust me  it will be better for you in the long run  lol
lookin like a rockstar*
funfunfun weekend! i need time to recover  lol smile 
"i miss you, and there is not one day i go without thinking of you "
my birthday is tomorrow! smile 
needs song ideas for birthday party! send them to meee smile 
thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday! smile 
waiting on <propfemale> and <propfemale> to come kidnap me  lol
"thank you <propfemale> and <propfemale>, and a couple other people, for making my brithday so much fun! hahaa  my real party is on the 5th everyone  don't make any plans! smile "
i got a cell phone! 618 541 6831  -text me your name smile 
i got a cell phone! 618 541 6831  -text me your name smile 
amazing break smile  school tomorrow    ehhh
"i want your love and i want your revenge, you and me could write a bad romance love "
going to bedd   gunna be a longg week 
"hey there, hi, how yuh derrn?"
eating cherries with whipcream on topp love 
"if you are going to my party, please tell me  i need to know! smile  thanks"
one step at a time 
facebook>myspace 
"last night was verry fun  thank you to everyone who came to my party, and made it happen smile "
"so bored, so tired  dunno what to do  i hate sundays "
"not really in a good mood  doing this article summery, then going to bed  school tomorrow :"
"hoome, sleepy  nightt!"
baby its cold outside love 
you make me wanna <propfemale>!
putting up christmas deccorations  text me smile 
too exhausted for school today!
give your dreams the wings to fly love 
mcdonalds smile 
sweetdreams love 
"i laugh at drama  ha  i'm getting off everyone  studyyyy : ehhh  haa, latter "
tomorrow is christmas <propfemale> already?! smile 
<propfemale> christmas love 
new years <propfemale> love love 
new years <propfemale>!  love 
"cause it's true, i am nothing without you "
look in the mirror and keep *shinin'   love 
"not trying to be a downer, but mascoutah will have school tomorrow  i mean common, past e playful erience   schooool  sorry "
speech tomorrow):
snow baby snowww!
borrrrrred  text me 
showerrrr  text 
you make me wanna lala love 
"i know one day you and i will be free to live and die by our own rules, free  its okay that we're dieing, but i need to survive tonight love "
wooowwww  horrible night now  uggh  i'm going to bed   night 
"pretty much being accused of lieing by my family   this is rediculas  i have nothing to do with anything  whatever, i'm just annoyed  acctually looking forward to school tomorrow so i might forget about this for a little  anyways, laying down  goodnight "
goodnight love 
"when i close my eyes tonight, i'm hoping you come to me in my dreams love "
"worst week, and its only tuesday):"
hada lovely weekend smile   love 
let me be the one who calls you baby all the time love 
this week is going by sooo slow 
"i hold my breath, and loose the feeling that i'm all alone love "
superbowl  saiiiints love 
monday tomorrow): goodnighttt love 
"snow baby, snow! love "
happy martigras! smile 
brookes house   text me  618 541 6831
i don't like valentines day this year):
i neeeeeeeed a ride from belleville to mascoutah 
hadda pretty good valentines day smile 
"ahhh, i don't know what to do about this stupid situation i put myself in  i don't wanna hurt anyone  someone just tell me what to do! haa, how did i put myself in this spot?"
"<propfemale> great mood  text <propfemale>, 618 541 6831"
shower tiiiime love 
i'm not gunna wait forever  comit!
brookes staying overr 
"cuz i cannot do it on my own, you're what i need and i need to be right by your side "
hada verryy nice weekend!  love 
everything i said and did wasn't just deceiving love 
you make me wanna lala! love 
exhausted  goodnight 
going to u of i for the weekend  good luck poms love 
crazyyyy day  exhausted 
head acccche! text mee love 
"call me mr  facebook, i can make your grades dropp "
this saturday is weeeeeak 
"trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if its broke  but you can still see the crack in the reflection  love "
"all around me are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces "
<propfirst> radke from escape the fate is the most gorgeous guy on earth smile   love 
spring break
happy easter smile 
it gets me how nothing gets me or gets to me 
borred  hit me upp 
sundayyy :
"text <propfemale>, 618 541 6831"
"walk with me, talk with me "
"i find it kinda funny, i find it kinda sad; the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had "
tell me  things you dont even tell your closest friends 
"today was a good day, tomorrow will be better smile "
"and the morning will come, in the press of every kiss, with your head upon my chest "
"i know that i've got issues, but you're pretty messed up too "
tell me i'm special even when i know i'm not 
"maybe its just me, but couldnt you believe that everything i said and did wasnt just decieving "
"maybe its just me, but couldnt you believe that everything i said and did wasnt just deceiving?"
i think i made it a game to play your game 
does anyone have an extra at&t phone that you would be willing to let me borrow? i'm in desperate need of one   my phone fell in water last night):
"new phone, same number  buttt, i lost all of my contacts   so text me with your name please smile "
i hate waking up from a nap in a horrible mood  don't even wanna be on here   goodbye
six flagggs  smile 
sister's graduation partyy 
anyone have c lunch tomorrow?
finals  :
let me be the one who calls you baby all the time love 
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now "
"it seems like i can finally rest my head somethin real, i like the way that feels "
lets do something 
dying my hairrrrr 
"every second i'm without you, i'm a mess "
geeeeeked
text meeeee  618-541-6831
swimminn! love 
six flags!  o h  b a b y smile 
actions speak louder than words  
i am suuuuch a good actress 
without it all i'm choking on nothing  it's clear in my head i'm screaming for something  knowing nothing is better than knowing it all 
days seem like years 
"rockstar* life, rockstar night  and in the  p i t  is how a rockstar fight "
"he's a wolf in disguise, but i can't stop staring in those evil eyes "
i just  l o v e  being stared at*
"this time baby, i'll be bullet  p r o o f  "
happy 4th! smile  hit me uppp
"i throw my hands up in the air sometimes  sayin ayy-ohh, gotta let go love "
iloveyouu love 
"like my status, i'll tell you my honest first impression of you(;"
addicted to success 
"every second i'm without you, i'm a  m e s s  love "
carlyle with <propfirst> and brittt*
lets do something  f u n  tonight smile 
s[he] be[lie]ve[d] 
lets d0 s0methiiing*  smile 
"*never will i give up trying, cause you're everything to me love "
"ugggh   bad night  i'm bored, lets talk?"
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com dklein2012
"*i'm far from l0nley, and iit's all that i've g0t love "
inception tonight? ohhh yeahhh smile 
giirls night with my brooke smile 
can't sleeeep   again  sware i'm an insomniac   :
"borrred, text me"
going to delmar smile   love 
today is the hottest its been in three years!  surprise 
"1  smith \2  segs \3  ladwig \4  a lunch carr studay hall \5  goode \6  haldaman \7  <propfirst> \we have any classes? smile "
dying my haiirrr! smile 
can't wait till homecoming*
i love the nanny smile 
"so here i am, alive at last  and i'll savor every moment of thiss"
"\brogesmutlind\"" - <propfirst> banuelos"""
"can't go to school tomorrow, see you friday though! smile "
pointfest anyone? smile 
friiiiidayyyyy! smile 
borrred   textt me 
n e v e r  care what anyone thiinks of y0u*
just woke up from the most awful dream 
"it's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right  i hope you had the time of your life "
it's time you know who's b o s s ! smile 
"*oh i'm s o r r y, ii only exist when you need something "
"i was just going through old messages on here, verry funny  haaa"
i'm losing my voice  awesome 
dance* in  t h e  raiin
i think i might rip out my ovaries   they put me through sooooo much pain every month!):
"if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?"
awwfulll mood): text me 
"you think you're hot and all the boys like you  <propfemale>, you're just easy smile "
tell me something 
the truth never set me  f r e e  so i'll do it myself*
beliieve in  m e*
i love you smile 
lend me your eyes so i can see what you see  but keep your soul totally free   love 
"don't worry, be happy smile "
"in the endlessness that you fear, may you find some comfort here "
"hey  b a b y, i'ma rockstar*"
"when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for awhile  you're amazing just the way you are love "
"do i think i'm better then the rest? haa, i'm the best "
"damaged people are dangerous, because they know they can survive  love "
teen mom marathon love 
"i never get jealous when i see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate smile "
you don't lose by loving; you lose by holding back  love 
i like it on the floor next to a bed smile 
what i would like is; a little less of them and a little more of we*
six flags love 
don't judge me tomorrow for the way i'm acting today 
"i want to dye my hair something, different, for my birthday  might be a surprise for everyone smile "
pops love 
suicide silence killed last night smile 
like my status and i'll tell you my best memory of youu smile 
"great weekend, three day weeeek smile "
you may say that i'm a dreamer; but i am not the only one 
we're a broken people living under loaded gun 
i'm the worst decision maker 
i haven't changed  i'm just growing up 
"i found a reason to show a side of me you didn't know, a reason to start over new  and the reason is you love "
"for what it's worth, it was worth all the while "
"it's not that you don't like who i am, but who i might become? trust me, i'll be something great; you'll see "
"i want you to know, with everything i won't let this go "
everything's nothing without you love 
"limitations exist only in our minds  but if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless "
"sometimes i get so weird, i even freak myself out  i laugh mself to sleep, it's my lullaby "
"love me when i least deserve it, cause thats when i need it most love "
"i'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "
"and i know one day you and i will be free, to live and die by our own rules "
pretty woman love 
we must be the change we want to see 
fear is the heart of love 
like my status and i'll tell you whuddupp smile 
so ridiculously tired 
worst day ever 
"poppin bottles in the ice, like a blizzard  when we drink we do it right, gettin slizzard  sippin sizzurp in my ride, like three 6 "
the party don't start till i walk in 
birfdaay smile 
"tonight we're goin hard, just like the world is ours  we're tearin it apart "
neww hairrr smile 
so raise your glass if you're wrong in all the right ways 
we can live like <propfirst> and <propfemale> if we want 
i don't have enough middle fingers to let you know how i feel 
"imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring "
i'll do the <propfirst> thiing
"#656 i don't really know you  ha, sorryy"
#111 you have to be one of the funniest people i've ever met  so many hilarious memories  i miss youuu  lets kick it soooon smile 
"#156 don't apologize  i understand  i have also always gained a lot by talking to you as much as we use to  i found a lot of things out about myself through talking to you  i, too, still have those in a drawer in my room  through everything, thank you  stay the way you are, don't let anyone get in the way of your dreams "
"#420 haha, you have been there for me through everything  we've been <propfemale> close for so long  you are one of the mentally strongest people i know  i love that i can act completely like myself around you, and that you bring out my weird side  no matter what happens to us, it always comes down to me and you in the end  you have been, and are my best friend, sister, family  do you, always  i love you booo love "
"#1818 we go wayyyyyyyyyyy wayyy back  like, pre-school? so far  there are so many memories i have with you  but i miss you tons  i think its time to make some more memories? definitely  loveyouuuu "
"#24 p e was funn with youu  even though i really suck at volleyball, ahaa  i dont know if this is true, but i remember a while ago when one of my bestfriends was dating one of your friends and you were with him, and i was with my friend, and my friend's boyfriend asked me for my number cuz you wanted it  ? haha, its cool though   i don't really know you that wellll  but you seem like a pretty cool person "
"#1 you make me lauggghhh  i think you're a good person  stay that way, hombre   hahaha"
"hello there, the angel from my nightmare "
only when we've lost everything are we free to do anything 
"the snow falls in silence, can only hear you breathing "
it could be like we never knew each other at all 
i've seen love die way too many times when it deserves to be alive 
christmas parrty at <propfemale> <propfirst> 's  smile 
"second chances never matter, people never change  once a whore you're nothing more, i'm sorry that'll never change "
"psychology and chemistry finals tomorrow, then i'm done smile "
dubstep  love 
in ohio
siiiiick):
"dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today "
"our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate  our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure  it is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us  we ask ourselves, who am i to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous? actually, who are you not to be?"
"don’t ask what the world needs  ask what makes you come alive, and go do it  because what the world needs is people who have come alive "
"if you had a job, and you got paid a <propfemale> on the first day, two pennies on the second day, four pennies on the third day and kept going on like this-doubling the pennies everyday for a month   how much money would you have on the last day at the end of the month? the answer is over ten million dollars   $10,737,418 24"
don't gotta care in the world 
"to love is to risk not being loved in return  to hope is to risk pain  to try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing "
don't just be simply good  be good for something 
thinking about graduating early next year  yay nay?
i got a new puppy! smile 
"please snow very hard, and make us all have a snow day  thanks "
my weakness: i care too much 
"you're not the only one refusing to back down, so get up "
"earphones in, volume up & ignore the world love "
without music life would be a mistake
spades love 
think we'll have school tomorrow?
there's just no one that gets me like you do love 
music is what feelings sound like 
sublime love 
"i say never be complete, i say stop being perfect, i say lets evolve, let the chips fall where they may  -fight club love "
to walk between the lines would make my life so boring  i wanna know i've felt the extremes 
stepbrothers smile 
please don't make me go to school tomorrow
red lobster love 
it makes sense if you don't think about it 
talk is cheap  show me instead 
dying my hairrrr
are you sick of everyone arounnd? with their big fake smiles and stupid lies
i like to listen 
i don't wanna waste my time becoming another another casualty of society 
"oh, hello there beautiful day smile "
ice skatiiing smile 
"on facebook at best buy   haha, wow  "
why's it so impossible for me to sleep? i suuck at sleeping  
"couldn't fall asleep last night, not even for a minute  no sleep   now school  awesomeee  "
you're original  cannot be replaced
"?ew playful losion outside of mascoutah pizza hut?! i was eating   now there are cops and firetrucks everywhere, talking to us about what happened  but they dont"
? know what happened or where it came from   wtff!!!?
live life  regret nothing 
tell me something interesting  i wanna listen 
draw? or nap? hmmm  
now days all the songs on the radio all drive me crazy
"ok, can i havea little goose in my oj? everyday feels like my brithday, and we sip champagne when we thirsayyy*"
lovvvve te hiccups
