6479dbd0c1e5f82e6428348c450cd6b2
no one freak out-we had to split facebooks due to courses requiring them  what is the world coming to?!
has 2 extra dvd +rw camcorder disks for sale  anyone in public speaking need one?
a big good luck to the winthrop track and field team today at app state  smile 
working on the 25 movies we need to see before <propfirst> night  (19 more to go   )
is having the roughest time trying to get this service learning set up   
is finally getting a courtyard parking sticker-yay!!
"classes getting canceled this early in the semester? oh yes, i love this week"
where should <propfirst> and i go eat for our birthdays?
had an enjoyable night playing the wikipedia game and making fun of death metal music
praying i dont slip and fall on the ice today
is about to curl up with this caramel apple spice and watch true blood on dvd
is 21 today
"got a grand total of 31 happy birthdays-thanks so much you guys! (and i won the bet, <propfirst>!!) haha"
is stressing   trying not to freak out over all this work
thinks this snow is insane  its the most i've seen in sc since i moved here
"yes, the rumors are true   i'm cheating on <propfirst> with <propmale> tebow"
lives for music that moves me and gives me chills
is blown away by the amazingness  go see shutter island!
good luck to the track and field team today and indoor conference
"dang it <propfirst> buble, why did i just now find out about your march 14 atlanta concert?!!"
"false alarm, going to the <propfemale> show, hahaha yesssss"
"you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one"
is happy about this win but what is this fire all about? somebody fill me in   
(67 smile : did that guy on the oscars really just tell me to text a dolphin?
"(817): as we walked into his room, he said welcome to the hurt locker  i should have left, but i love that movie "
does o'charley's count as <propfemale>? haha
"'\stay classy galassie' i liked the slogan so i kept your poster\"" memories   haha"""
getting my <propmale> potter on
worst  headache  ever 
"   cant believe i forgot to watch the ncaa championship last night, whoops"
"plus, his smile is like watching a baby <propfemale> sniff a <propfemale> flower"
is excited for glee tonight  smile 
you know you've written a long paper when your stapler cannot accomodate it
wants to give a shoutout my boyfriend <propmale> tebow on his first round draft pick!!!
:i hate you courtyard winthrop for waking me up at 7 smile 0 am
: i solemnly swear i am up to no good
is home  can't believe i'm a senior already
is crossing things off the to do list before europe!!
is procrastinating  i hate packing  but i guess i can't go to europe unless i pack   
: today's the day! going to europe  wont be back til the 26th!
"is currently in munich   leaving for <propfemale> in the morning (8 am here, 2 am us time)"
is in the cutest hotel i've ever seen in switzerland
is getting ready to head to <propfirst> in the morning  and ive got a cold  sad 
is waiting at the airport in <propfirst>    it's going to be a long day
my ipod is unresponsive   always a good thing
is not looking forward to going back to work today  annoyed 
"- \you know what wednesday is    hump day\"""""
is relaxing at the beach  smile 
loves <propmale> <propmale>!
i love <propmale> <propmale>!!!!!!!!
"-104 7, please please remove that god awful techno beat behind <propfirst> buble "
"-celtics, why do you play well one day and give up the next? it didnt have to go to 7 games   "
-it's good to have a day off  smile 
"this rain might make for a good night  smile  come see me, im working"
"-and i say yes, you look wonderful tonight"
"is caught in the race of this crazy life, tryin' to be everything can make you lose your mind, i just wanna go back in time, to american <propfemale>"
goodbye ipod touch   hello droid  laugh 
is irresponsibly mad for <propfirst> buble!  excited for tonight
"-a <propfemale> day by the pool and <propmale> potter weekend?! aww yeahh, it's gonna be a good day"
"relax said the nightman, we are programmed to receive  you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave"
thinks inception will have me analyzing my dreams more carefully now  it's crazy! they planted the idea in my head!!
is feeling optimistic
"concocted some <propmale> felicis this morning, hoping for one and done"
"is serving obesity from 1-6 today, whoo hoo"
"to the right to the left, we will fight to the death, to the edge of the earth, it's a brave new world, it's a brave new world"
thinks today has potential to be a giant awkward moment 
"says, when in doubt, dance it out"
"says hide ya kids, hide ya wife"
the best thing about sundays is postsecret
my how time flies when you're having fun  4 years today  c:
"just learned the hebrew letter <propfemale> on shalom tv, lmao"
i have always depended on the kindness of strangers
last day of work  bittersweet? i think so
"i'm a peacock, gotta let me fly"
where is my umbrella?!
going back to winthrop today  really going to miss my baskin robbins family but knows this will be the best year yet
yesss football is here
is starting senior year today!
you look at me it's like you hit me with lightning
ohemgee <propfemale>'s not even hot!!
really feels like i could be a competitive eater
just ate a piece of bacon
is working on my list of top 10 songs of all time!
is trying to get all my work done early today so i can watch the game tonight!
go gators!
"i used up all of my tricks, i hope that you like this"
is pulling for vt today  smile 
"and if you dont love me now, you will never love me again, i can still hear you sayin you would never break the chain"
thats the sound of sunshine comin down
"we are not what you think we are, we are <propfemale>, we are <propfemale>"
lets go gators! time to prove you're not the scrubs everyone thinks you are!!
just watched the wall  now about sync up dark side of the <propfemale> with the wizard of oz
tennessee upset florida?! not so fast my friend!! go gators  smile 
it's about to be an epic season of glee!!
i read the news today oh boy
is having a girl's day with <propfemale> deette then watching the game tonight  go gators!!
is kinda stoked about the baskin robbins postsecret today
"successfully cut a mango, how exciting"
totally just got tricked by a toy spider!
omg new life goal: i wanna play for the lfl
let's be real: alabama is not gator bate  i think it's time we stop playing that song
"a <propfemale> for my thoughts, oh no i’ll sell them for a dollar"
i made him a card that said heart attacks are just from loving too much
happy birthday to the best daddy there is  i love you  smile  <propfirst> galassie
 love  <propfirst> corso  go bama and go gators  smile 
whatever  just as long as my gators will ill be happy 
                    fail
"yawn, trying to study for this midterm"
my college e playful erience is complete now that i've been to a rally 
what a night   
is writing a paper about glee
"it feels like monday, yet it's tuesday  i could get used to this   "
"so glad i live in \ur yard\""  whoever is removing the letters can stop  it looks ghetto!"""
"and so it is, just like you said it would be  life goes easy on me, most of the time "
a revolution without dancing is not a revolution
oh oh i want some more  oh oh what are you waiting for? take a bite of my heart tonight
is at grave diggers ball!
"got my starbucks on, now locking myself in the library til all this data is entered or 8 pm rolls around when they'll kick me out   "
waking up when it's still dark outside is not one of my favorite things
"remember, remember, the 5th of november"
golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why i don't drink and drive
"dear cam <propmale>, was $200,000 really worth that much to you? way to throw away your own career and bring down the rest of your team and the sec"
headed to florida  smile  go gators!!!
"checking out the campus, tailgating, then game tonight  let's go gators!"
how bad of an idea is a muscle relaxer before class?    we will soon find out
"dear degree works, way to notify me that i still need an arts and humanities requirement after i have already registered  not  you know, without it i wouldn't be able to graduate  so yeah   thanks for that"
"seriously, if you aren't at <propmale> potter right now    you suck  playful "
got some much needed sleep and had a dream about <propmale> tebow? haha win
i'm going to take my talents to south beach
"black friday, i wasn't ready for you and your $15 nip tuck dvds last year   but this time i'm gunnin for you!"
"there is always some madness in love, but there is also always some reason in madness"
i am because i am
"and that's why darling, it's incredible, that someone so unforgettable thinks that i'm unforgettable too"
white christimas!! heck yessss  laugh 
"now tell me how ya love it, you know you're at the top when only heaven's right above it"
too many people know your name? change it    then change it again
very excited for 2011
to dare is to lose one's footing momentarily  not to dare is to lose oneself
"well hot and heavy, pumpkin pie, chocolate <propfemale>, jesus christ"
"love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you, it will set you free, be more like the man you were made to be"
"we're different, we all are    but there's something kind of fantastic about that, isn't there?"
"i hope you dont mind, i hope you dont mind, that i put down in words   "
running=clarity
maaaaaaaaps
green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow  love  go packers!
is about to blow these gamecocks out of the water
"hey everybody, i just wanted to say thanks for all the loving birthday wishes!  it meant a lot and it helped me have the best day possible!"
and if you're partial to the night sky   if you're vaguely attracted to rooftops   
"take my hand, close your eyes, with you right here i'm a rocketeer, let's flyyy"
ahhh bonnaroo
is hardcore craving some junk food
can you hear the horses? cause here they come
darn you dreams that seem so life-like
did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
cause maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me
there is a fire inside of this heart and riot about to e playful lode into flames
let  it  be   love 
<propfemale> there might be a little hair whipping going on tonight
"and there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears, and love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears  get over your hill and see what you find there, with grace in your heart and flowers in your hair"
miss <propfemale> fain taught me tonight that the sun is actually a <propfemale>! my world has been officially rocked
3 1 <propmale>  all by myself  finally  so proud  smile 
life is so weird
":unless you love, your life will flash by"
today marks exactly one day until graduation  whooaaa
