208cfae0d50ec7720b985c291e01544e
nothing could b better than a quiet night with my man  smile 
bout to be snuggled in for the night   it's gettn kinda late    
&&evry day that i dnt see ur face  my heart heals in a kind of way  it's hard2 e playful lain  and evry day i dnt hear ur voice   it fades more in2 a whisper 
the slang that i speak dnt change that im deep as the throat of a certified freak when she choke
i once contemplated suicide an woulda tried but <propfemale> i held that 9 all i could c was my mama's eyes  noone knos my struggle they only c the trouble  not knowin it's hard2 <propfemale> on <propfemale> noone loves u 
what am i doin? o yea thas right  i'm doin me  i'm doin me  i'm livin life right now mane  &this what ima do til it's over  til it's over but it's far from over 
"to cut it even   we both had motives, we both caused the fights, an we both r gona walk away from this unharmed and never look back "
"since my mama died i ain't been right since and i tried to piece the puzzle of the universe,  split an eighth of shrooms just so i can see the universe  "
so   im laying in bed with my dog bout to watch a movie& fall out
lazy day 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky r like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
w  the sis for the day    exactly what i need to b happy  smile 
"and u cant fight the tears that aint coming  or the moment of truth in ur lies  when everything feels like the movies  yea, u bleed jus to know ur alive "
cookin up some rice & chicken for my lunch dinner   an of course wangn tha music haha
has gone swimming!
with myranda  smile   smile   smile 
there's an angel in the sky watchin over me  
stayn in tonight   myranda we're waiting for you!!!!
put that in ur pipe an smoke it!
i woke up yesterday feeling alone   i woke up today feeling like i'll never be alone  because i have an angel watching over me   i thought i had lost her but i realized i never could  love you mama   rest in peace  
"all im tryna say is, get back   clik-clak   paow "
drunk  silly    and tired  goin2 beeeedddd!
im not afraid to take a stand  evrybody come take my hand  we'll walk this road together through the storm  whatever weather   cold or warm  jus to let u kno that ur not alone  holla if u feel like uv been down tha same road 
happy go lucky   
fuck it  ima do it on my own     i want what i got an i got what i need        friends family my dignity& my pride  2 of em u can never lose& 2 of em u can't take  and if i give em to u     i can always get em back  what u mean??? haha shits funny to me
everything's gona be alright  love   love   love  luvn life
some ppl dont care about ur problems   an most ppl are happy you have them 
i am happy  that's just the saddest lie  
&when you feel it can't get worse   that's when shit change  they say the game dont change   there's just some new players in it   an they dont wana see my team get up there wit it   i made it too far to look back now  & i aint never gona forget what i been told   & i aint never goin back to bein broke 
i'll be up up and away [[up up and away]] cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway   so whatever
working    but it's still my birthday 2morrow!
i have a secret   hehe  ok i have a couple 
haters shake my hand  but i keep the sanitizer on deck 
"thrw dirt on me,&grow a wild flower but its fck the world,let's get a child out her yea my life a bitch,but you know nothin bout her been to hell&back,i can show you vouchers i roll in sweets,i'm smoking sour married to the game,but she broke her vows that's why my bars are full of broken bottles &my night stands are full of open bibles i think about more than i forget i don't go around fire e playful ecting not to sweat "
"i know they say the first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest "
all that bullshits for the birds  you ain't nothin but a vulture 
my hearts big but it beats quiet 
it would be a beautiful death   jumpin out a window  letting everything go 
is cleaning
i really love your peaches   wana shake your tree   love 
if i'm addicted to lovin you and you're addicted to my love too then we can be them two birds of a feather that flock together  
everythings cool an yes i will b present at the first day of school    and at graduation-- i'm sorry ms <propmale>
i do talk to myself all the time  but i couldn't tell you what always about   
i say what i feel  i feel what i say 
but you keep treating me like a staircase  it's time to f_ckin step  & i won't be comin back so don't hold ur f_ckin breath 
i was thinkin bout him  i was thinkin bout me  i was thinkin bout us  &what we gona be  i opened my eyes  it was only just a dream 
"\there's no such thing as an ugly friend\""- myranda"""
keep talking  make me famous 
moving sucks  but i like my new house   
what goes around comes all the way bak around
cuz when they own the information they can bend it all they want
if perfects what ur searchin for then just stay the same
it's not a sheet  it's a drape 
so im realizing that my facebook wall is basically jus another way for me and myranda to communicate with each other   
smells like a hater   thers no room on this elevator
im only one voice in a million but u ain't takin that from me  
all the roads thatll lead u there are winding and all the lights that light the path r blinding
here's a shovel   can u dig it???!
some people believe in god  i believe in music  some people pray  i turn up the radio 
sometimes i wish i could act like a boy   
as long as i can feel u holding on   i wont fall 
"i’m balling out on every level\hear them haters talk but there’s nothing you can tell em\just made a million, got another million on my schedule"
how u make an impala lift but this aint a car its ur heart an thas hard2 be fixed 
another day  another struggle  it seems worth it tho   
"i let u know that you're my good thing  even if you, make a mistake an do the wrong thing  i'd forgive you   "
grrrrrrrr
waiting on my phone and if it doesnt come today    ima be pissssssssssssed
i dead em all now  i bought em caskets  they should arrest you   or whoever dressed you  aint gona stress you but ima let you know  boy you be killin em  
have you ever scrubbed the toilet with someone's toothbrush?
applications! then done for the day  smile  well   kind of!
is in a good mood today  smile  shockrr!
happy thanksgiving 
had a good day    only one thing could make it better
doin my thing 
still doin it 
ughhhh  trying to be positive!
feelin' myself  bein you pays off you should try it yourself!
i don't think tonite is going to be so good     annoyed  hmm  
i hate waiting   sad  but i guess that's the price i pay  
<propfemale> christmas 
with <propfirst> for the time being 
grrr
gettin stuff done  trying to be positive!  smile 
bad day already
things r good  life is good  i am great! at least tonight anyway lol!
cleaning the stress away!  annoyed 
"worked out, got nails&toes done, studied for online quizzes, took online quizzes, and aced online quizzes! not too bad of a day if you ask me!"
paper due today! ah!
class                               grrrrrr!
love my new telefono  smile 
bout to b snuggled up with the bestest man n the whole wide world  smile   smile 
