1839df7ca7a0b0445604b862b398ec29
go to: www youravon com kailajackson
all this status commenting and what not but nobody wahts to comment on my new car?!?!?!? what is it ugly or something????
i got my extern site!!!!!!!!!! whoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yea yea ima be gettin to the money!!! 15 days of school left yall!
i got my extern site at a plastic surgery office!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! whooo im tooo excited!!!!!              i need my inhaler             
getting a new car soon     soooo excited!!!
im getting a 2003 pontiac grand am gt!!! wwwhhhoooooo!!! cant wait until friday yall!!!
dude just text me at 445 in the morning to ask me if im okay    is that weird or what?
about to post pictures of kaeleb's first day of school!!! my baby is going up so fast im so proud of him i know he's gonna do great in school! mommy loves you!!
democrat!!!!!!!!
to all my family out in atlanta i love yall and im comin out for thanksgiving of and i have a big surprise for yall too       playful 
"baby daddy all of a sudden wanna be a man and ask about his son    nigga its been almost 4years since you seen my son  you aint helped me with not a damn thing and you got the nerve to ask me to come up north so you can spend time with him?!?!?!? you got some serious balls shawty  i aint goin no damn where! you wanna c my baby, you bring yo sorry ass to him selfish muth(@%*!)"
****take my advice: keep a house and a purse full condoms!!!! cuz these niggas aint worth it!!!****
its midnight     my little sister is still up and she's having some serious gas issues       i know sheloves me but does she have so sit next to me all the time?
lol family guy
     mornings        i just dont feel like it
kaeleb is so cute 24 7  oh did i tell yall he be havin them lil girls huggin all on him when i pick him up from school???i know he hamdsome but damn     really?
"baby, i wear the pants     you just borrow them from time to time"
"       drama man        im over the shit       i thought i was done with all the bs back in high school   guess not    im better than all the games man, grow up"
<propfemale>'s back in prison    for murder     again       he's still my boo though! yea i know     im stupid     i'll be okay  sad 
<propfirst> is ugly as hell  ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww      punk az niqqa
omg     wednesday      730      pm shawty         aaahahhhahaahhh        omg       yessssss!!!!! whooooo!!!!!!
yyyayayaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!! 143 sts!!!!!
damn man    ish is crazii     im ready to go back home now man      
phi theta kappa pledge baby!!!!!! whoooooo!!!!! yay me!
"yea lil <propfirst> was hot back in the days or whatever but she need to let it go    <propfemale> been coming out wit shit all year and it took? lil <propfirst> about a year or so to come out with this one lil song that she probably spent day and night tryna make sound good    and it was okay, not worth all the hype in my opinion  \jessicarabbit902010 11 minutes ago"
somebody on facebook told me to come check this out and i dont hate lil <propfirst> at all i just think she needs to grow up  she? should be happy somebody wanna be like her (its called being an idol dumbass)        and while lil <propfirst> talkin both of them came out lookin like hookers so aint no word to be said by <propfirst> on that shit    but<propfirst> is like 50 she need to get over it   
"i respect her whatever, but not when she beefin over lil dumb shit like she 15 again    you too sensitive <propfirst>  sad "
"whiny b*tch your time? is up let someone else shine!!!! she's like the rap version of beyonce and the female version of jay-z      we all know yall great at what yall do! now sit back, relax and let someone else have their moment     ish     have a baby or somethin d@mn!!!! im sorry but im tired of these old ass people     you did ya thing now sit down and let her do hers     selfish smut"
"im sorry yall, but it piss me off cuz <propfirst> is too old for this beef crap    first she like the wayshe looked then she went under the knife 17384  times, then she disappeared and then she popped back out, and then she disappeared again     and now she back out    for this one lil song    make up your mind <propfirst>    "
chances r u wont go platinum anymore so now we all know you only came out because you had a fan who admired and wanted to be like you which is not something to get mad about!! <propfirst> i swear you one of the most brilliant idiots i have ever heard of      just stupid
<propmale> grimball
"going out again with <propfemale>     to carrabba's     again     they have really good food, but im kinda in the mood for ihop     you think he'll be willing to save 50 bucks???"
on my new kinect      lovin it    great form of exercise     highly recommended
"insanity is hereditary, you get it from your kids     "
finally! im gettin my hair done today! getting my first lace front    i hope it looks good    im postin pics as soon as its done 
going out today for my bday whoo    nail done hair done everything did!
falcons baby!!!! we goin to the m*thaf*ckin superbowl baybie!!!!! what!!!!
wtf is happenin to my family? we aint supposed to be bringin in the new year like this     this year is suppose to be one of the happiest    cuzo got his own spot     pooh got a job    big cuz gettin married    muffin gettin out    dad n love    me n college     y is everybody fightin? even my granny in this ish     2011 is not suppose to be like this at all
it's sad     im soooo the black sheep of the fam    well nt mii dad side    i fit n perfectly ovr there     somethings just dont feel right   its <propmale> like this for years so the hurt and anger stopped a long time ago      now idc anymore     keep on doin u    i got what i wanted to say out     i dont wanna talk about it any more     ii's
<propfirst> sp
