11cd2ada429b3ca8fcd282dae00a0796
missed internet 
just realized the application wasn't due tomorrow 
just got 300 bucks in a thank you note! hooooo boy 
"hooo boy  90-120+ hours of (over)studying over 45 days culminates tomorrow  seeing those <propfirst> on the screen, that probably wasn't worth it "
"yay! got a 1460 on the gre  got 700 on one section, and 760 on the other  i was too excited to notice which one was which   smile "
is exhausted 
just one   more    paragraph   
is contemplating about whether or not he should cancel his psych gre registration 
"'s anti-semitism professor is playing a cover of <propfemale>'s farm by rage against the machine, and he doesn't know why "
uhh
is burned out 
"although i hate this acronym, i have to say it  fml "
can't believe he just sent off an email to a potential advisor with the wrong name attached  there goes that application   
just found a mcdonald's menu on his ipod 
"couch continues to split open, huge paper due tomorrow, car breaks down  good day "
"final count: 33 pages, 5 pizza bagels, 3 cans of coke, and 1 hour of sleep "
"what's the matter with kansas? how <propmale> missed copy-pasting a row in his excel file, and forgot to send his transcripts and gre scores in time to ku as a result "
thanks for all the happy birthdays!
can't open his pickle jar 
going down to cville gonna have myself a time
alone in <propfirst> kong
hoo
"shortlisted at purdue, nyu, and u-mass amherst!"
it's literally snowing in my apartment 
acceptance!
"has checked u wisc's admission website 12 times so far today   [also, will finally upload <propfirst> kong pictures soon(ish)!]"
sometimes i look at my null results and think that i might have just been unlucky  but p =  83 does not lie 
university of <propfemale> for the next 5 years!
"has never seen such a large variety of hats in one day \\also, <propmale> <propfemale> = <propmale> <propfemale>, b a "
is not going on facebook until he's watched the lost finale 
we have to go back
has taken moving into a new apartment as license for buying tons of stuff he doesn't need 
already has an undergrad research assistant! ahem  lol?
"well, it's over "
my efforts to do work have been stymied ever since that blaring horn from inception got stuck in my head 
"amount billed on canceled internet service: ± 4 dollars  \time spent talking to customer support before giving up on figuring out what that means: 2 hours   annoyed "
is regretting all the bad advice he told undergrads before their first stats exam 
just got his first email from a participant about iat order effects! yes
"a stinkbug crawled onto my desk today  i squealed and swatted it away with a pen  this wouln't be that extraordinary of a story, except that i happened to do this while administering an undergrad stats exam to 150 students  all of whom looked up to see their eccentric <propfemale> yelling at his desk  whoops "
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"i know it's cool to hate facebook when they overhaul the interface, but i kind of like this new one "
in the wood
went to the ear doctor today  he told me i had the hearing of an 80-year old  fml
i've (unknowingly) driven around the past two years with an illegal substance in the glove compartment  wow 
