b5bbfae541626d3d46e23c46bc88ca3b
is wonding how it possible for her feet to still hurt from nye 
is feeling pretty darn weird
is very confused
is less confused and more angry   what else is new?
is no longer going to tennessee   
is really sick of this crap 
and now is done with this crap minus a bike and a blanket
is wondering why i always wait until the last minute to pack   
is seriously regretting lamb vindaloo when there is no milk or beer in the house   
is in a very good mood!!
ugh   does anything ever go on in syracuse?
didnt feel like going to her second job and called in   
wooo! i'm back in!
help! can anyone watch my dog this weekend?
is the best robot ever 
some jerk left a cat in a carrier in my parking lot in syracuse   anyone want it?
figuring out what to do today   
is very excited  i'll e playful lain later   
tgifs!!!!!!!!!!
"rules of life:  the sun rises, babies are born, the bills choke "
is enjoying liviing in new england
does it feel like sunday to anyone else?
is very happy in nh!!
way to suck su   
camping in the north country tomorrow!! i love nh!!
"has made the most disgusting lamb vindaloo in the history of man    oh well, cant win every time "
rockin' out to miley cleaning the house   yes i am an adult 
its noon on halloween and i dont have a costume yet   
chili w o a recipie is awsome and the zombie lumberjack costume is coming along 
is it ok to miss what may be the last show by your favorite punk band because you want to buy an audi?
is it really only 9?  whats everyone one in nh up to?
$100 later i'm back in my apartment   
had to go home sick and will never eat at surf again 
daytime tv sucks but any attempt to sit up or move makes me want to puke so im stuck 
finally saw the pixies live!
is wondering if anyone knows how to make a plane tanget to and extruded face that you can't select as a face in nx 5
has decided to follow up that bad post with somthing mindless and girly    anyone want to go shopping tomorrow?!
is happy its finally snowing!
"is attempting to get off her butt to go skiing, but its one of those lazy sundays   "
is annoyed that someone stole my brother's christmas present before i could get it from the entryway   
has been reading the healthcare <propmale> and is very annoyed   
is excited for it to be 2010!
loves watching bachelor for the crazies!
i am the master of the universe!!!
"ok, everyone rejoice   i have spent 2 days not talking and it doesnt seem like my voice is coming back anytime soon "
i feel sorry for anyone who wasnt skiing today 
i was jsut very hopeful that the canine species could use tools      nope 
has once again triumpthed over indian quisine and created an amazing vindaloo 
wishing for a teleportation machine   
"wants to go skiing, but is annoyed that everyone else thinks the samet thing   maybe tomorrow?"
"got nothing done yesterday, becuase apparently driving by nat's houseand stopping by to say hello takes 4 hours, and now must finish all errands today   "
is upset that the free internet wave looks like it's ending
"is disturbed that call of duty is not open yet, after a month    "
someone please send out an energy pack in mafia wars?
"butter, garlic, beef, mushrooms, onions and red wine slowly cooked    how can you go wrong?"
has fallen in love with tarte lip stain and <propfemale> lapore perfume   go to sephora and buy some!
"i dont know about you, but i can think of at least 1000 places i would rather go on vacation than disney world   off the top of my head    erie <propfemale> and iraq"
has ralized that there is a chick-fil-a 20 minutes from her house and absolutely must go get her favorite salad there tomorrow!
is very amused!   laugh 
is seriously considering buying a bwm oracle racing jacket to show my support   who really wants the swiss to have the cup?
wants to go sledding on capitol hill!!!
my dog just farted and scared herself so bad she ran across the room into her crate   hilarious!
a <propfemale> wars related gift to cheer up a friend   ideas?
working in the morning then hopefully skiing     who's comign with me?!
ok  i didnt go skiing (laugh all you want <propmale>) or to work (yippieee)   i'm officially lazy    
"feels like she needs about 12 beers, but only has one    "
fantasy suite= do you want to have sex    wow   so subtle 
i really miss someone i forgot was missing 
is officially a new hampshire resident with a drivers liscense and tags to prove it 
"why is it that receptions holds out for months, but when you really want to watch somthing the antenna won't work"
thinks its funny how many people are wearing hats today because no one could shower   
"is very confused   i live pretty far north, but there is no snow   it keeps raining    "
misses saturdays in knoxville during football season even if they didnt always end well 
well if that crazy girl can get a hot guy like that <propmale> dude theres hope for me!
is supremely excited for hockey tomorrow night with her favorite boston sports fan!
do you know that amazing feeling you get when you first fall in love with someone?  i get it when i see these shoes http annoyed  www neimanmarcus com store catalog productimagespopup jhtml?selected=mg&item=prod93930011&pageproductid=prod93930011&yb=mg_prod93930011&mwsinfo=enlarge    is that bad?
i have my puppy back   yeay!
"is stuffed with corned beef and cabbage, but no green beer   "
sooo     is there a non-socialist country i can move to that doesnt have a hardon for screwing the middle class?
is starting ot understand more and more french     eeeewwww
my nose is burning from indoor skydiving!?!
has 3 days off!!!
yeay for traffic!
managed to hurt myself while grooming <propfemale>    again   
the job from hell cast well   now i can finally have some beer!
"had one of the crappiest weeks ever, but is still in a great mood    i love sunshine"
will cry when <propmale> chmerkovskiy is voted off dwts
looking for someplace with power to get dinner
is really tired of having a sick dog   
excited for vacation   especially after working 7 days straight 
made curry so spicy i can't eat it   now what am i suspposed to do?
"my feet hurt and there are still bits of tree in my hair, but it was totally worth it "
<propfemale> and i are finally on our way back to nh
i wanted the bachelorette to keep the crazy guy around simply because hes so ridiculous 
i just saw someone texting while riding a motorcycle   
is very glad i didn't flip off  that motorcyclist who cut me off   when he passed me i realized he was a hell's angel 
my dog either really likes or really hates bluegrass   especially when <propmale> <propfirst> plays it   
still not feeling better   
wishing friday would hurry up and be over
<propfemale> and  i are on our way to ct after a quick pit stop at the liquor store
im happy  i got my keys back but they stole my wichard clip and that just sucks
haha poor showing at the 5k   guess  i should have spent more time training
everyone thank <propfemale> and <propfemale> for not killing me   hey i had fun but no more fish bowls for me 
when did bars turn into primary schools?
ugh    football makes me want cable
my dog is sick    again   
so long as maks is on the show i'm watching   the heck with you 
breaking computer and setting up new computer=major suck
in case anyone was interested http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki rabbit_show_jumping
surgery is scheduled for the 18th at southern nh medical center   wish me luck for the surgery and for the few weeks living with my dad mom 
today is the day 
got to walk down to the nurses station today!
im home early!!
soooo bored   anyone have any move  show suggestions?
"i just found out thatii have 8 weeks to get better, not 4   yippieeee!!!!!! \am am also going to attempt to walk 3 4 of a mile without a <propmale>!"
"i walked almost a mile today, i love this weather!!!-  back to work on monday or tuesday"
that's it!  i am going to start walking to my parents house tomorrow to get my dog    cant stand not having her   google said it will take 4 and a half days   
no club music in the car untill my back is healed  sad 
"dear nh news stations, stop reporting on how many ski trails are open on the various amazing mountains around me    just stop    its cruel "
wtf????
who has my phone????? give it back right now!!!!!!
yeay!  the doctor says the headaches from the concussion should stop in a few days 
this wind is scary    
question: what is is that everybody has and some pirates and thieves try to take?
eeep   cf34 power plants     2x tomorrow morning  no fod in the shape of nuts or threads please     
to make matters worse i'm on the wing     
"i love how being 3 minutes late to a doctors appointment means you have to reschedule, but every time you come in they make you wait 20 minutes to see the doctor   "
is everyone else really confused by the recent weather?  why on earth does the south have more snow than nh?
i'm worried the free ride may be over shortly    and i just returned the router yesterday   
i am now the ultimate prep   the new saab clinched it   
it just dawned on me that i'm going to be 27 this year     eep
i'm sick   everyone at work is sick   i'm going to bed 
my dog is the best   
i need headhunters names and i need them now   please help because i need a new job by the end of the week 
