aabd406d714c65c06e24f490d033f259
had a blast camping this weekend!  smile 
just got approved to buy a house!!
just got the most beautiful dozen white and red roses delivered to me at work   they are so huge i could barely <propfemale> them!!  i have the bestest one  love you always  wink 
yay just booked the place on the oregon coast where we will be getting married! so exciting  smile 
just sent off my good friend <propfemale> who's moving to kuwait for 1-2 years with beer and pizza 
yay can't wait for tonight! going to red lobster for dinner and then laserquest to celebrate my and <propfemale> smeby's b-day!
just found out the contacts i've been wearing are barely keeping me above the legal driving limit!! yikes! got new ones today though and they are much better  smile 
is officially a registered mammography tech! yippee passed my test 
is excited for sushi and shutter island tonight! yay date night  smile 
is getting some spring cleaning done on my day off  smile 
ugh   3 cavities   
registered her baby for kindergarten today   sigh   why do they have to grow up?
so my little refinish-the-ol'-nightstand project is going surprisingly well  kudos me  smile  might have to try something bigger soon 
happy birthday #5 to my baby doll laney <propfemale>!! mommy loves you!!!
is getting super duper excited to be a married woman!! 5 days and counting   
is headed to the lake with my three favorite people! &hearts;
well we made it home from the great state of north <propfemale> and we just can't wait to go back  smile  man i love it there
finally broke down and bought a laptop  we are now officially a 3-computer household   ridiculous   
"please pray for my brother, who is getting ready to do something tonight that i don't think i would have the strength to do  &hearts; we love you <propfirst>"
happy birthday to my beautiful mykaya <propfemale>! we love you  smile 
had a great time at the reunion yesterday! wish we coulda stayed longer though; had to get back to the grind  smile 
just ordered a new front-loading washer dryer set!!!! sooooooooooooo excited i can't even say  smile   no more two cycles in the dryer for 1 load to get dry!!
"prayer request: our older daugher, mykaya, is scheduled to undergo a brain mri with general anesthesia tomorrow at 2 smile 0  she was found to have some abnormalities in her brain during an eeg last week  there are a number of things that can cause the abnormalities and they need more info before making a definitive diagnosis "
first day at the new job-wish me luck!  smile 
"i'm thankful for the best husband ever, who has been in washington for two weeks by himself with the kids and has kept everything together, and who is packing our entire house to move 3 states away while i relax with my favorite sister-in-law  smile  couldn't ask for more &hearts; happy thanksgiving everyone!!"
had a great day off!! dropped off the rental application for our new apartment and had knoephla soup at kroll's for lunch!! yummy  smile  should be moving in to our new place on monday  can't wait to see my babies and hubby on sat night  smile   smile 
"so we are pretty much all moved in, just some random stuff left to unpack (thanks to <propmale> schulz and christian schulz) bought 2 new couches and a recliner at an incredible steal (thanks to <propfemale> reil schulz) and took the girls to see <propfemale> today! what a great few days it has been  smile "
so i went to the eye doc today cuz my right eye has been burning and blurry for a couple weeks  she tells me that my eyes are so dry that my cornea is actually flaking off!!! how in the world does that happen?! yay a week of drops and cream to put in my eye   
we finally have a somewhat sure diagnosis for mykaya-she has asperger's  we were pretty sure but some of the stuff didn't fit  the psychologist isn't 100%; he said she possibly could be having difficulties due to the frontal lobe activity they found on the eeg in november sort of scrambling her thoughts  we are waiting to get in with a very in-demand pediatrician here in bismarck and we should have more information 
yay!!! finally got approved to have maestro in the apartment!! we could not be happier (and neither can he!)
so apparently i had a severe inflammatory reaction to the tdap vaccine i got on friday  my arm is super swollen and hot and i can't even move it  so now i gotta figure out what to do with myself for 3 days off work!
"headed to the big event carnival today! we are meeting up with a new little friend, faith  super excited  smile "
"just got back from an action packed morning with my girls! ot appt, ran some other errands, then went to get our nails done! the girls were so good  i have the bestest daughters ever! tonight going to sushi dinner with my hubby for my birfday  smile "
thank you all for the birthday wishes! you all make me happy  smile 
laney just tested + for influenza - but ya wouldn't know it  she's running around singing and playing with maestro  crazy kid!
