00a2733074405eba2809497288d73678
back from az!! had lots of fun    and i got my nose pierced instead of my lip haha
"mad that my phone is being gay, and trying to figure out how to work facebook lol, darn my friends who have this and not myspace"
i swear imma kill my phone!
my phone is gay
"lol that was weird, i called metro costumer service and i found out my phone is hopeless affter tlking to a guy named jhon for 30min     but hey now i gots a new friend  joyful  thx gay metro store for making me wait to talk to a kool guy lol (i also checked o"
my tummy hurts = [
"mmmmm yard work is har work lol now i am tired and sweaty and smell like bug spray =   oh well it wasn't all that bad, lots of exercise lol"
okay jus cuz i make a mistake does not mean u can me rude about it and rub it in my face that yiur right     stubbern always gotta be right old man      troubled  mmmmm i am so mad!
okay     i aint as mad anymore     caint let anoying stuff get me down  joyful  bad news? im bored   good news? i got a new hair straighter!: d
i am tired and i gota use the bathroom real bad lol so night night
"oh snap jus thought about it      imma be in a plane for like 8hours   480min! 28,800sec! my first time flying   and all by myself    and i hate hights      sad "
oh my gosh one day!!! i am sooo excited like my leg wont stop shanking lol
omg         i am leaving tomorrow morning!!!!!!
like in 11hours i will be sitting in a plane lol
jus got my classes and id card haha   i took a good pic yay
i am  bored    someone should talk to me!!
i am confused and hate it and i am trying not to care     
uh i think i am bored    and thank god tonight that i am single again    and i am drama free lol
i am bored    and tired of my sister nagging me    lol its whatever tho  troubled   so uh yea if any of yall want to to talk tlk now cuz imma get off in about 10min lol
i am on again!!! lol     but i am still bored lol
okay i am getting like really mad right now    like no freaking joke  troubled  someone please talk to me so i can be <propfemale> mad
okay so i am tired and mad at my mom and sis for getting me addicted to stupid farm town lol
*sigh* my mom said i can be off grounded if i clean the kitchen   i am half way done     i have to wait for the load of dishes to get done so that i can start another     sad  this is too much energy haha and i hate cleaning lol    sigh     words of advice    don't get grounded!!! haha no joke      troubled 
*sigh*    i hate her because she is right     but i love her because she open up my eyes     d:
do i have classes with anyone?????? tell me your classes so that i can see!! please! lol
"1st period biology~porter, 2nd period algebra 1b~ohori, 3rd period psychology~hale, 4th period english 3~bender,5th period advanced drama~ soto, 6th period us history~ muratore    anyone have classes with me????"
haha jus got back from the hot tub      sign= around 15$ being able to get into the pool area= 800$ stealing no diving sign with crazy friends and then running for our lives= price less haha
first day of skool!!! so yay i guess haha   i am proud of myself   i went to bed be4 midnight! haha well i gota finish getting ready so peace!  troubled 
=o my mommy called me a player!!!!!!!!! lol
jus babysitting     lol
i am going to church tomorrow
kinda sad i wont tell you all why though so dont ask please
i get french fries! lol and i dont have homework lol   also my mom <propmale> up on me  sad 
bed time for me! haha i realise i like going to bed early lol
ok in 15 <propfemale> i am going to bed   mom asked me to put her clothes in the dryer lol so till then hit me up im bored
103 6 temp?!?!?!?!?! really though? man this sux  sad 
i am like way bored    and i look hecka bad and i am in pain         i hate pain    
"okay people i would greatly appreciate it if you all will stop talking about freaking homecoming! like seriously its a lil over a month away! and no, i am not bitter jus cuz i haven't been asked yet  troubled "
"*sigh* i am still sick  but getting better  i shall be at skool tomorrow  with this homecoming stuff  i dont like it  i mean i like the idea of having a pretty dress and a kool date, but i know i will not have the pretty dress cuz i caint afford a pretty one  and please  i have never been asked to a dance and i prob never will, including the big ones like <propmale> prom and seinor ball  oh well i dont care =|"
"hey loser faces lol jk but nah, i came to skool       it was horrible hopefully tomorrow will be much better    well good night    "
oh be4 the day is over    i just want to say     happy birthday <propfirst>     i love ya     and miss you every day        i caint believe its already been a year    
uh jus got out of the shower    i might go to church but i dont know        uh      i am leaving now to lisas    so peace!!  laugh 
uh big sighs i have no ride so i caint go to church  sad 
"i want to see the movie \the invention of lying\"" i think the title of the movie lol   but y'all knoe wha i mean right? right! lol anyone wanna go see it with me?"""
is anoyed and trying to figure out what to do about people     
"so yea i am baby siting and should be sleeping while she is out   so yea good night lol  smile  btw good job <propfemale> <propfemale> football team, i herd we dominated tonight against san <propfirst>      39-6 haha yay us  laugh "
jus got done baby siting
i am getting really anoyed
whats on my mind??? do you guys really want to know? honestly do you? because every time i write on this dumb thing i dont think any one reads it so the answer to my question is no you dont want to know you people don't even freaking care    
i really truly miss the days when boys had cooties       sad 
"this rain is super crazy, i had to walk home from the bus stop and i was completely soaked!! like no joke it looked like i jumped into a pool in my clothes   haha so yea whats up ppl???"
i am thinking i am very tired and that i should change be4 church   but i dunno if i will lol   
man i am so frusterated today >_> tomorrow should rock socks though  laugh  heck yess!!!!!
i am tired     and my body hurts all over   but i baby sat last night and got 40$ but i bought me dinner and well    i only have 29$ left   i think thats enough to see 2movies    anyone care to go with me????
but yea i am out of place      how is it when you finally get the one thing u wanted your whole life it gets taken away sooner then you can imagine     i caint handle him leaving    i wish he would stay with me      i wish he would have jus taken me with him    
i feel horrible ):
anyone wanna do something tonight?
eh i woke up cuz my body thought it was 8 smile 8 but thanks to daylight savings its only 7 smile 8 lol
its times like this i wish i was 18 and didn't have to listen to my mom  troubled 
"sigh, im bored, my boyfriend is sick     and i have no plans lol what a boring night"
man i am <propfemale> bored   whats up ppl?
"jus saw a really great play with my mom and sis     it was akward at some points to watch it with my mom cause well yea u would knoe y if u saw it    oh and a guy from my fv tv show was in it and i can honestly say i have seen his \butt\"" in person lol  laugh  but yea it was great     man how i love the theater  smile """
going to the movies   catch you all later
aw    what happen?
to anyone who may care: my internet will not be working for a few days   no money for the bill sad  so that means no tv or house phone eaither sad  *sigh* what will i do? wait! my cell will be working so you can reach me on that   if u dont have my number let me knoe and if i like u i will give it to you lol  laugh 
hey guys    i didnt make it this time  but i won't give up the dream i have had since i was 6        i thought i did pretty good   but i guess im not what he was looking for   well whatever   goodnight   
i get to go to church tonight
"back home from church, i am watching so you think you can dance    i am preying and hoping <propfirst> stays cuz well   i love him haha age is nothing but a number people!  troubled  haha"
noooooooo no =[=[=[=[ <propfirst> is going home d= i am super sad now
"haha so i got new pics, and some are taken in walmart with beautiful lol    also i have this quote stuck in my head westley: \can you move at all\"" buttercup: \""move? your alive  if you want i can fly\"" haha man i love that movie   i have lots of fave quotes from there but that one is my #1 fave"""
"you knoe what song is stuck in my head right now? \safty dance\"" haha gota love that song"""
"i need to learn to spell lol but yea still rockin out to \saftey dance\"" by men without hats   gota love the 80s"""
"*sigh* my mommy is having a game night party with her friends    they shall be drinking, and playing apples to apples lol and i get to play  smile  this should be a fun and halrious night haha  laugh  well i gota hit the shower and finish cleaning the livving room but still hit me up on here or my cell  smile "
haha i feel squeeky clean  smile  in a few <propfemale> imma go do my eyebrows and makeup haha
     i am very bored haha i had no life after 10 smile 0 today   beside the stuff going on in a hour or two   shoot ppl hit me up    or give me ideas of something to do haha
"i jus realized something really weird    huh    anywhoo, do all of you have my cell number   the 912 one     if not let me knoe   "
"wow my mom is not very smart right now    the house is full of alcohol right now and she left it out and left me home alone so she can go with her friend to get food    sigh   i am a good kid haha, i am not the type to sneak any  smile  so i will 4 sure not be an alcoholic when i get older   obviously lol"
man     i am tired   and i am feeling very un-attractive right now   haha    man i am annoying myself with all of these pointless posts     so please hit me up     i will not post as much pointless junk tomorrow    promise 
"morning! haha now the wait begins, also in an unrelated story i may go to the sunrise or <propmale> mall    or maybe galleria i havent been to that one in a while   but who knoes i shall ask <propfemale> if she wants to tag along lol all else is welcome!  laugh "
silent rejection is the worst lol
so today i am not going to the mall cuz <propfemale> is not around but! on the brighter side of this i get to see <propfirst>!! haha i caint wait  laugh 
my word of the day: nonchalant!!! haha there is no reason for it being that word
"\its amazing its a prius  \"" lol"""
"haha oh wow    i had crazy fun with <propfirst> today  smile  him and his family are so interesting and he so smart, and he actually has an opinion about the world lol    haha i will never forget today thats for a fact, also he is even more cute then i last remember  smile  haha and the fake <propmale>     that was priceless lol"
"if you like me, please tell me, if you wanna be friends for life, i need to knoe, if you fear me, there is no reason to, if you have feelings for me, please share, if you think im beautiful, i do not knoe   if you love me or are in love with me    i might love you too    please people be honest with me  thats all i ask "
"last deep thought of the day    is there really such thing as love at first site? do both people feel it? and how do you knoe? and what if both people are shy so they dont talk to each other, does that mean they lost there <propmale> at love?"
jus found out love died long ago    but fine you all can not believe in it but i will and i will keep doing so till i die   
got home    and now eating my normal late lunch    maybe i will go to the park wth <propfemale>   who knoes
i can say i am more brave than i once was lol
ooooh what fun it is to apply for jobs d= waiting for an okay to use someone as a reference  annoyed 
that took forever haha
"amanda: \are you okay?\"" me: \""yea i am used to getting my hair pulled\"" haha i gota love the dirty minds in my drama class lol"""
"i am getting jus a lil sad, but thinking about the sexual joke from drama still makes me smile lol"
"i am kinda mad but who cares, good night     i may work on my newest poem"
really now   night
man i am way happy   i so caint wait till tomorrow    i have lots of homeowork   so goodnight people 
hmmm park today     and then i dunno what   haha   but i saw new <propfemale> last night   great movie lol
mmmmmm how can you be so mad at one thing yet so happy about another? lol its a weird feeling
today was a good day
happy thanksgivving everyone!
man i jus wish i had money right now    black friday sales     =[ darn my poor self lol
yay me!!! i found 30$ when i went to check the mail!!!! haha  laugh  i knew today would be a good day
"mom is a jerk i swear she is sometimes >_> i offer her gas money so she can take me somewhere and she says no, but if i was my sister all of guys already knoe she would say okay >_>"
i am jus now doing my essay  annoyed 
hahahahahahahaha yay!!!!!! jus finished my essay! now   i am going to bed lol    985 words!!!  laugh 
sigh i am so tired   i am going to bed    night!!
i am lovin the single life
mmmmmmkay so i am a lil freaked out tonight
i am bored and tired
internet finally works lol
i am jus so very happy
jus got home from kickin it with miss <propfirst>
heck yess my mom said i can get my lip pierced  laugh 
mmmkay so my dad said he will take me to get my lip pierced on monday or tuesday since i will be at his house from 25th-2nd yay!  laugh 
" joyful  my mom made me feel like a little kid tonight, i have not been this surprised and happy on christmas in a long time     laugh  i love you mom!!!"
going to go see a musical tonight   i love live theater   
lol my kitten yankee loves to watch criminal minds  
"\i'm wondering what it will take to push two opposites together?\""   i am lovin that he said that to me"""
i caint believe my mom!!!!!! i could really use 20$ and randomly i get asked to spend the night and babysit this ladys daughter and my mom says no?? what the heck is her problem!! does she not knoe that i really need money cuz she sure as heck doesn't have money to give me!!  troubled  im so mad right now!!
skool tomorrow yay me
i am tired of it   
heyy whos going to twirp???
havent wrote on here in a while    dunno really what to say   im so    idk right now lol
so apparently i have an eating disorder????!!!????
goin to the galleria mall today
ugh   my dumb butt missed the bus so now my mom is prob going to be late to wprk   i highly doubt that she is happy with me   lol   nt really funny  
so i guess i am single again    annoyed 
"ughhh gatsbyvil is so much work, i still need to type up a foreclosure notice, and possibly make a safe, and make a lamp thinggy lol and i still need to get a desk and put up our walls and pass out the money lol  annoyed  too much work!"
haha yay now all that is left is have to make a lamp lookin thing find a desk remember the chairs put up the walls and pass out the money  smile 
haha gatsbyville was freakin crazy! we kept getting robbed & blown up & shut down & had 2 <propmale> <propmale> & aj around the whole building cuz they stole our money lol and got to foreclose people and got great bribes from ppl  smile  oh and we busted ppl out of jail! fun day  smile 
ugh    i just love the way i make no sense of things   <<-sarcasm   
service was great   learned some stuff that i didnt really kno be4    ugh    i jus realized how f'd up my life is    i need to change    
hanging out with <propfemale> lol n finding out how small the world is lol
i wish i would fall in love with someone who loves me  
yay im 17   lol     smile 
so today was kinda disappointing   but hey   at least im 17now  
today was freaking fun twister for hours!  smile  lol
well im sick & tired of who i am   personality and looks   so   i am going to change   in hopes for the better 
"so i didnt think i would   but i actually cried at the \funneral\"" today   like wow    i love you(mom&&tiffany)"""
omg it took almost 8 hours to write this stupid final act
ugh    anyone wanna go to jr  prom with me? u need to pay for yourself   
i  love  techno music
my mom is weird sometimes
 love  4-20-10  love  <--- best day ever by far (n kno not becuz it was 4 20 u dumb pot heads lol)
jr  prom is tomrroow  smile 
okay i feel like i wanna sleep but i caint cuz i keep thinkin about jr  prom tonight
prom is tonight! and me and kassy are all ready to go smile  and we look fab-freakin-tastic  laugh 
i love my friends! lol
fact: i want someone to tlk to me http annoyed  chatter com a 5z8f0?ref=nf
good night all   txt me! 916 912 398o http annoyed  chatter com a 5zaxc?ref=nf
"<propfemale> testing sux   \ """
ughh i feel so freakin bad   
just doesnt know what to say  
im jus tired 
well arent i the worst daughter ever? i caint even give my mom anything for mothers day 
i have a job interview sunday!!  laugh 
"the act of doing it doesn't hurt, its cleaning up after  that is what hurts like no tomorrow  "
job interview at 10  smile  wish me luck!
haha not what i e playful ect at all   it was a group interview thing and on top of that they made me sing! lol
something is wrong behind my right knee   but idk what it is    sad 
come see the advance show! it starts a 7! first come first serve! 5$ lol
ughh im so tired lol
"man   i hate\the pain feeling that you get when you watch a love type of movie and\then you realize that ur all alone   ughh it sux    sad "
ughhh i have no more f's n i am still grounded because my mom doesnt believe me > sad  whatever  
i got snake bites last night  smile 
"wow   all my friends are hooking up with people, and they sound so happy, i can feel myself getting jealous, is tht a bad thing? oh well i will get a bf in do time  smile "
anyone wanna <propfemale> out today? im off grounded!  smile 
i am so sick and tired of people exspecially fam talking behind my back! exspecially when i can hear them > sad 
"havin a great day with <propfirst> brown  smile  so yea i have this huge crush on this guy, thinkin about tryin my luck at tlkin to him tomorrow, wish me luck?"
"i have 1 wish  i wish life would ease up, u kno? like y caint ppl jus say whts on their mind? im tired of havin to dig into the secrets n lies jus 2 catch a glimpse of the truth, its painful, i wish there was 1 person in the world tht would be open with me n tell me everythin, gd n bad, n drop the bs   i dunno    im jus so lost   someone, please   find me? i guess thats my only wish   i jus need someone 2 find me  ??"
"i am tired, ugh it sux lol, today was kool tho"
haha jus thinkin bout yesterday at the mall   gd times    i swear the ppl in spencers thought me n tay stole something lol
okay im posting alot of stuff today but i just had a thought haha   whats above my head? is it a ceiling or a floor? or is there another name for it? also if someone hiccups wht do u say? hmmm weird   anyone wanna try to answer my questions lol?
"\get in the bowl\"" \""you get in the bowl\"" haha i love tht commercial!"""
at a hotel chillin with my sisters
"wow how freaking rude can a person be? i come home to find out tht a\cat was stuck in my room cuz ppl dnt understand english to keep my\room closet door open but keep the main door closed or somethin but no\they lock her in my room, she craps thn  they close my door again\lettin my room smell hecka bad! i am so mad right now it aint even\funny! n its nt even my cat! > sad "
ughhhhh this show is gay!! i am so mad right now it aint even funny! > sad 
i love fluffy!  joyful 
anyone want to <propfemale> out?
i hate watching races with my mom    she makes some weird and slightly embarrassing noises when its on lol   
rip fluffy     heart-broken 
    i dnt even know what to say  
me and <propmale> are back together!!  love 
i much rather not talk about it   so please just dont ask  
<propmale> makes me so     ugh    i dont even know  annoyed    but im tlking to him right now 
i am so happy?
"hmm get this, i say some smart things at times  smile  crazy lol"
6 yr olds smoking??! wht is the world coming to?
b+ !!!! yay!
omg omg omg   i hope she is okay   (its bout a tv show fyi)
"classes: economics with frost, english 4 with grueneberger, begging drawing with mandell, enviromental sci with <propfirst>, adv drama with soto, and open 6th  smile  imma change begging drawing to a <propfemale> period for ms pactrick  smile "
hmmm does anyone want to have a movie day today?
hmm does anyone wanna <propfemale> out today?
getting my senior pics done today  smile  so exciting  smile  lol
skool tomorrow  smile 
my last first day of high school was awesome  smile 
wow i love me   haha i am pretty awesome  smile 
so who all is going to the senior sunrise??
senior sunrise time  smile 
i saw a shooting <propfemale> this morning!!  smile 
hmmm cooking   not my best idea i have had lol
dinner has been put in the oven   cross your fingers  smile  lol
yay!! success!!  smile 
"ahaha my cooking did not kill me today, what a shock  smile  haha i gota go to bed now, so good night all  smile   love "
i do not feel good and i am having issues with life right now that are draining me emotionally   so i am just going to call it a night  see you all tomorrow    smile 
"hmm today was great   i am way tired though \ """
hmm today sucked    ):
hmm i am pretty tired lol   so what is up ppl?
making dinner  smile 
good night world  smile  tomorrow should be great  smile 
had a great time at the game last night  smile  now to go to a bbq at 2 today  smile 
hmmm i am going to kassys today  smile  yay hahaha  smile 
wow life freaking sux 
hmm my lip hurts ): lol
well wow   if i am not your first choice then i dont want to be your any choice   v_v its whatever  
with kassy  smile 
haha so kassy tried to poison the noodles  but it didnt work cuz i could taste the poison in them lol   laugh 
tying someone to the bed and setting the house on fire is just not a very nice thing to do 
i dont feel all that good ):
relationships are lllllaaaammmmeeee! lol  smile 
im trying to sleep n people r being lame n tlkin to me n its nt jus my family   grrr lol
haha i never realized how immature i was last yr till now  u become very observent when ur a <propfemale> lol
10+ notifications later   and i regret so much that i liked your status in the first place   smile 
there are gay penguins out there???   hmm you learn something new everyday lol  smile 
still no date to homecoming   
wow thank you oh so much drama class! >_> u gave me a huge blister on my right knee!   lol
taking my sister to homecoming lol  smile 
"\mmmmmmm cccccaaaaannnndddddyyyy cccoooorrrrnnn   \"" -creppy guy @ target   lol good times  smile """
"copy this into your status & see what people rate you   red: i love you \\pink: your cute  green: your funny  orange: i like you  white: i\\used to like you   yellow: your amazing  black: i hate you  blue: friends for ever  purple: your hot "
ugh i am seriously bored   imma head to bed   txt me  smile  u all should have my number  smile 
put up my senior pix  smile 
got my homecoming dress  smile  ughh n im tired   had to walk to skool this morning   
homecoming dance tonight!!  smile 
"like my status and i will tell you how i honestly feel about you, and my first memory about you  smile "
grrr i do appreciate bein made fun of at taco <propfemale> while eating my homecoming dinner   lol
hmmm i think imma head to bed lol
"mom: \you want to go and dance where guys used to get there jollies off?\"""""
ughhhhh its just not fair! ):
i dnt think i have ever been so mad in my life  like i looked in the mirror n my eyes were firetruck red after i tlked to her  more like listen to her yell   troubled 
i swear people get on my last nervs > sad  i caint wait till the day i freaking move out! > sad 
"oh hmmm imma tease u with your brand new phone, i will let u kno u have one n its here but no, i wont let u see wht it looks like or anything   wtf!?!?!?   -_-"
"random guy in car: \nice tits!!!!\"" me and kassy: \""what?\"" *looks down simultaneously* lol"""
ughh so much for sleeping in -_-'
okay i have been sick since wed night   way lame   time to go lay back down ): night
"i have been sick for over a week and i am finally getting better, i only have a soar throat now  smile "
its new years <propfemale> tonight! anyone wanting to spend it with me?  smile 
happy new years <propfemale>    i hope <propfemale>ryone has fun tonight     smile 
"how is it a person thinks life is perfect, tht they have friends and an awesome life n in the end it turns out they have nothing?  "
going to go run  smile  night
finally!!!! im off grounded  smile  but still have the block on my phone at 11pm ):
so i've decided that i love kassy burpee super much   love   smile 
single once again 
"i was thinking about you, thinking about me, thinking about us and what we gonna be    smile "
"its just so weird how life likes to throw in its little surprises   \ """
haha i think its weird when i rub my legs right after i shave and no matter what mood i am in i always turn happy lol 
"ugh so this bites  the one time i really want a boyfriend or just a guy to be crushin on me i caint get one  but when i dont want a boyfriend boys jus seem to pop out of no where! what kind of cruel mess is this tht life is mean enough to hit me with?!?! > sad  its whatever though \  valentines day is over rated anywhoo  laugh """
wow   i feel like crap 
even though our skool lost the boys played the best game i have ever seen them play  good job  smile 
on a mission lol
excited cause kassy is going to make me an awesome pancake breakfast!  laugh 
"wow i have like no real close friends i have come to find out   \  yay me """
anyone wanna <propfemale> tonight?
i think imma go to the park     
i feel better now tht i tlked about it  
#13 smash  smile 
#5 smash in the future pass till thn lol  laugh 
#69 smash no homo  love 
#23 um pass lol sorry  laugh 
"i am scared, sad, and confused all at the same time  not a very good combo   "
wow my sister really just killed my good mood  now i feel like crap  again 
anyone wanna go to twirp with me? if so jus let me kno i will ask u  smile  lol
this itchyness is going to be the death of me i swear lol
"i am itching so bad i am shacking, is tht normal? lol"
all ready for the concert at mesa  smile 
if i lied n said i am fine can you just please lie too and say you believe me?  
alright im feeling much better but im itching again ughh lol  so ya tlk to me 
bout to go to my sister photo shoot 
  i dont wanna talk about it   cuz im nt even sure what happen -_-
"even though my 18th birthday is like 3weeks away i dont think it will be possible to move out of this hell hole, but i swear as soon as i graduate im gone "
i have alot to think about 
so there is a pretty good <propmale> tht i have eczema but i wont kno for sure till i go see a doc 
