c5645ff41adf2f320a48870650fd7a59
new chapter coming out and <propfemale>'s party!!! so exciting!
needs help    bring $1 and come see me  i have to sell these things for volleyball  please help me out!  love ya(kinda {jk} ) -xotaylor
<propfirst> benites is a little ho 
<propfemale> is about to beat me because i'm not working on the we project 
do you think mrs  t would be mad if i made my title: cover that cup up?
well i just had a very traumatic e playful erience  i'll just say that tennis is not the sport for me; well actually it's more like raquette(racket) ball isn't 
"ah! i'm so in love right now  i found an awesome web series; so fascinating! thank you god, it is completed  i'd go insane if it wasn't "
just wants this world to dissolve away 
help!!!!! working on chappter 7 test and can't quite get it  i need someone's help!
"i'm so excited! i just finished wrapping my friends' presents, and tomorrow i get to give them out! i hope everyone likes them at least a little bit   joyful "
don't settle down too early  there's plenty of fire flies in the swamp 
a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous 
somehow i ended up with a b in bio  so happy!
"yes!!! i have all b's except for history and psych  i think mr  barrera thinks fondly of me because he putin some hundreds on things i didn't even do  also, on the math a guessed on one and got it right giving me that 100 i needed for a b! this is officially the best day ever!!!!  joyful "
today is going to be a good day 
just made scramble cheese eggs  yay!
how could i have forgotten that she moved?!
my fingers are numb   
my friend is going to rape me! t t
my new year's resolution is to start my life and to become independent   
made the most amount of tips i ever have today! yay!
<propfirst>'s car broke down which means no mall with <propfemale>  but do not fear we are okay and help is on the way 
so i got all dolled up for nothing   
hopefully tomorrow i'll do better at work   
i want to watch fired up  laugh 
i almost got through the whole week without hearing waffle house for you and me     annoyed 
anyone have a good definition for ribosomal subunits?
just had a really good dream! good morning all!
"i am finally getting excited about going to college  i just found my dream one, and it's in new york city right next to central park  ah! and it barely costs anything  ok, i'm motivated! i'm going to get accepted there no matter what!"
hmmm    i honestly have nothing i really want to say on facebook  i just wanted to change my status 
how do you define love?
anyone have a big brown envelope that i can use for ms  freeland's class? please?
i love scary stories!!!
some hearts are just lucky like that
"yay! my phone is working, but i had to restart it  so, if you want me to have your number text me at 623 293 1839 "
i'm so tired   annoyed 
disney movie night with all the favorites! and good luck to tennis!
i'm completely in love with <propmale> <propfirst>  oh what am i to do?
"so today was fun  randoms words for it-apples, lost, and pancake mix "
how do you find the siddhartha quiz?!
well screw it  i'm off to do other chores 
"so just got home from work, and now i get to do bio  yay   not  um i'm pretty sure that's the only hmwk  tell me if it isn't, please?"
well time for bio and psych 
field trip!
yeah so i have really bad sportsmanship does anyone know a good way to help that?
who do you think about on a crescent <propfemale>?
"today was amazing! i got to see the tiger and feed the sting rays  plus, we went to culver's afterwords i still get the same thing everytime i go there "
so <propfirst> is not left-handed 
spilling waffle water is not fun  my pants are now beyond repair 
so my family sucks   
i'm all strung out  my heart is fried 
technical difficulties are so much fun 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is too pro  yeah right   
tonight was fun  thanks to all who went!
i feel like a horrible person 
it's a nice day out today 
so today has been a whirlwind of everything  i found a lucky egg and talked about twilight and <propfirst> bieber at work  and then crap  i love my closest best friends!  laugh 
why d'ya have to be so cute? it's impossible to ignore  must you make me laugh so much? it's bad enough we get along so well  say goodnight and go  ah! i love that song!  wink 
hanging with the girls!
ugh  who thinks i should gain some confidence to do something i normally wouldn't? i really want some opinions!
thanks everyone!
i just realized that i got a high grade on the last spanish test  pretty cool 
"just got back with my take-out  i'm considering watching the suns game,  but i probably won't  i did see the fast-forward of the spurs game though  then study guide  i really want that a!"
any suggestions for fun tonight?
i think i'm going to read affairs of the heart again 
"hanging with the gang, made a deal for lexi's sake, and i'm not sure how to go about it   annoyed "
"i love that bittersweet kiss you give me after your morning coffee  it just puts me on high, loving me the way you do "
"blast from the past, and a cute one too  just got back from bowling where a kinda creepy guy hit on us  \ i make it look easy don't i?\""-complete stranger"""
so i can't sleep   
"guess where i am right now, lexi?  smile "
what do they mean august 3rd!?
"well that sucks  i just took a nap, had a nightmare and can't remember what happened "
wow  norm has the same tie as mr  jacklin 
cross your heart and kiss your elbow 
just won the giant pot  oh yea!
"tonight was a lot of fun  i lost $10 because <propmale> all of a sudden decided to be good at pool, but i ended up winning the pot( which wasn't worth anything t t)  still, thanks for the great night all!"
i wish i had something alot like love 
it's lilth! that's shocking 
"grrr  math project and orals tomorrow, and i've done nothing "
alright  i'm off work and need to do spanish and study for the math test  i really hope i don't bomb this one 
so i'm pretty sure that i'm staying home tomorrow   annoyed 
so    thinking about the future sucks  and i say that as an understatement 
wow  daisies in spanish us margaritas 
wow  daisies in spanish is margaritas 
just found an awesome poem by hughes and finished watching the secret garden  i can't wait to read the book!
start the day smiling  laugh 
"yea, so i bombed the spainsh oral "
i love how this guy walks in and plays all these old timey songs 
lots and lots of homework 
i feel so accomplished right now  tonight is the award's ceremony  everyone who goes tonight should go to dinner also  laugh 
"at the risk of sounding conceited, i feel pretty   laugh "
i feel like a bombshell right now 
yay  i got my letter  now it's off to dinner with a pretty bouquet 
so i got some free time before work  wonder what i should do?
so i'm in a good mood even though nothing happened or did it? hehe my lips are sealed   wink 
so i'm in a indifferent mood right now  hopefully it will change into a happier one 
so i realized that i don't do very well with love like confessions  i become so red 
suns vs  lakers someone is gonna be mad tomorrow 
what's up with these cute guys with last names that i absolutely cannot pronounce?
"half time lakers lead 62-55  somewhere <propfirst> is cursing her head off, and somewhere else <propfirst> is jumping up and down  haha"
<propfirst> is gonna be in a bad mood tomorrow 
studying bio
so frustrated    finding time for ib orals is proving harder than i thought  d:
i hate when people ate hostile towards me when i first meet them  i'm slightly intimidated right now 
"work turned out better than i thought  i should study for bio, but hell i'll just wing it "
so i'm scared right now 
everyone is freaking over bio  i hope i get a good grade   laugh 
i've decided that i want a summer romance fling  let the adventure begin!
good morning!  laugh 
yay! no oj!
i don't mind spending everyday in the pouring rain  look for the girl with the broken smile 
lexi's puppies are so adorable  i'm going to steal the black one 
"so i just ordered chinese food, and a indian guy delivered it  that's just a bit funny "
suge just scared me so bad 
ib orals tomorrow  i'm a bit scared 
yay!
everything is working out 
yay  everything is done  i got a new pack of cards! let's break them in tomorrow   wink 
it feels like a good morning 
<propfemale>'s baby is such a weird movie
why did my brain wake me up so early?!
i hate how i can't control my emotions and let people  affect me 
tonight was a lot of
tonight has been amazing  thanks all for the fun  we should do it again!  laugh 
slightly bored right now 
wet'n wild monday morning  should be fun 
if only   
"interesting night  work, get kidnapped, cold water, and lexi grinding  i won't say what "
i'm in quite the pensive mood 
yay! a  i  is on! too bad i won't get to finish it  t t
is it so weird for me to sing hum lullabies?
breakfast at <propfemale>'s and locker clean out tomorrow  y'all should come and help 
"pretty slow morning, but i'm not complaining "
what do you call a smart duck?
anyone need a graphing calculator?
"ah  laughs, exotic places, and gorgeous men  life could be good "
oh my gosh yes! old timey <propfirst> mouse cartoons 
"are there any waffle houses in california? and which city is the best, do you think?"
i hate this  i'm such a coward choked up with fear dreaming of running away 
just got out of my meeting and now i'm off to wet n wild!
ah  big
ah  big daddy is one of the best movies 
ah   happy endings 
does anyone know the name of the opening song of grey's anatomy?
i feel so deprived of french fries 
so    i'm happy because a regular told me i was his favorite server  yay!
"ah  sleep, you continue to evade me "
just got home from walking n talking with lex and <propfirst>  now i hope sleep will <propmale> me a visit tonight
<propfirst> and the chocolate factory and i didn't completely ruin dinner  it's a good night
so i felt like a tard today trying to better toast with my left hand 
"i don't mind spending everyday, out in the pouring rain  look for the girl with a broken smile  ask her if she wants to stay a while  and she will be loved "
"so i worked with only #4 today, had a family walk out and didn't get fills or condi done  yet i was praised  it doesn't sit right with me "
the sky is really beautiful right now 
i need a hero  i'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night  he's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast and he's gotta be fresh from the fight 
thanks to everyone for an eventful birthday 
swimming in a pool while there's a storm going on is pretty awesome 
"so i'm cleaning the house on the last day of house sitting, and found out that the couch makes out into a bed  great   "
fuck family 
let's pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars  i could really use a wish right now 
"today was so slow, that i won two games of war "
airplanes
t_t     laugh      surprise      sad  
can you paint with all the colors of the wind?
crazy fun tonight with who knows!  laugh 
fun night!
the bewitching hour   
"if i could see what i want to see\i want to see you go down on one knee\marry me today\guess i'm wishing my life away\with these things i'll never say"
rain!
wet n wild tomorrow?
wet n wild today at 3!
the <propfemale> and the frog has really cheered me up 
you gotta promise not to stop when i say when  she sang 
work:great! home:not much    but the stars are saying that more riches are to come  so i'm hopeful 
my best friend's wedding's ending was very disappointing 
freshman orientation was pretty cool  i hope mualphatheta gets more members this year   laugh 
"mellow days, crazy nights, yet i still can't find the time  accidentally wishing on that falling <propfemale> that shot too far "
lump slipped on a kiss and tumbled into love 
i hate the days i'm off   
"so i just got my book bag that's kinda ridiculous, but still almost perfect and two books  yay!"
pretty woman and chasing pavements 
can't sleep and i have work tomorrow  great    on the bright side i'm a third done with othello   laugh 
off to sedona for the day 
today was great! my summer is officially complete  i also realized that i'm rather aggressive when i know i can take it 
"so i open my history book to chapter seventeen, and the first thing i read is, \like moses   \"""""
did anyone else watch the season finale of pretty little liars?
i took the plunge and started a formspring 
river-walking was so much fun today!  laugh 
chilling at work playing cards 
frustration   
mom came home and stuff went down at dinner with <propfemale>  yay   fml 
much better day   and i get to work a double tomorrow! yay!
can anyone send me a copy of
can anyone send me a copy of the objectives sheet and tell me which ones we have to do?
it's only the fourth day and i already have a c in bio 
i just found my hbob
first  night in the apartment 
watching the old school chipmunks 
the clouds are so pretty 
cruel intentions and hmwk 
dinner's smelling good and i'm almost done with my hmwk  it's been a good day (except for being yelled at about college)   laugh 
dinner is a huge success 
working on labor day   
half-time score 0-35  guess who's winning    t t
fight on the field 
first touchdown!
"final score 7-49  they won, but we got a touchdown   annoyed "
got my jersey and intend to watch almost every game 
come on jets!
10-9 jets lost    i'm not gonna hear the end of this at work
"i've been out of ib for two hours now, and i love it!"
"what the hell, i can bowl better with my left hand?!"
yay    work with only 5 hours of sleep!
watching the  notebook because i can't find the time traveler's wife 
i wanna go slow dancing 
"as it rained, god laughed and said, \you've just been assassinated \"""""
vote for <propmale> wang and <propfirst> wentzel for homecoming!!!  laugh 
bring some quarters to play at the mualphatheta booth at tailgate   laugh 
halftime score 14-28 them
final 14-42 them
final 21-42 them
i just wanted to thank everyone for helping me out last night  i really appreciate <propfirst> and <propfemale> for letting me use their cars and giving me a ride home  oh and <propmale> for dealing with that box 
gonna donate some blood today!
just saved a life
i wanna go to italy 
heart throb
just had some sushi and now i'm going shopping
"now that i'm out of money and my feet are killing me, i will go see that movie "
almost home
i really needed today  and i can't wait to <propfemale> with alex on friday 
i simpy cannot wait   
jets game and wings tonight! yay!
halftime 0-9 jets are winning! but there hasn't been a single touchdown     sad 
are you kidding me!? a fucking 81 yards and they settle for a field goal!
fuck again?!
hell yes!
20-29 jets baby! and i might have won the pool 
i like it on the counter 
today is really nice 
in need of a ride! can anyone give me a ride to <propfemale>'s tomorrow night?
fun night   it was great to see most of everyone and play fugitive 
mualphatheta members! <propfemale> sales are this week  pick up your bag in ms  goldman's room 
i hate this!
is it weird that all i can think about is sleep right now?
just got done making the family steak dinner  yum!
i dream of <propfemale> marathon and then halloween festival tonight!
my poor half-eaten breakfast   sad 
going to see the play tonight!
i think i might reread the <propmale> potter books   
pho with everyone was great  now ice cream? i think so 
i've missed hanging out with everyone!
ice blast!
"i'm cold, tired and hungry  ah the joys of being at school "
d: and >: v fml
"crazy day at work, but i made bank "
so restless   
i think i'm in a good mood today 
lazy morning and work in the afternoon 
cooking today
long day and it still isn't done
wow today i'm seeing all my ib firends and old teachers from paseo 
so    apparently i could be at the ib work day today  interesting   
watching <propfirst>!
half day!
just got home after shopping  i think i'm good for the rest of the year   wink 
i love the way my hair looks after a shower!  joyful 
just dominated at a scavenger hunt!  playful 
"here i am, looking pretty for you, but it's no use, so i'm dancing alone "
why does 3rd period always drag on?!
just found out that my mom is coming over    yay not
so that was fun  finding out i needed to work this morning at 7     but at least i made bank
so pretty   
so cold   
sometimes i hate being ahead of everyone
"poster done, heart swelled, and i'm ready to sleep  big congratulatuons to <propfirst> benites!"
this week has been sooooooo long   
this week is taking its toll 
that was embarrassing   
frustration
i'm not the one
wearing my new boots! i kinda look like a country singer   
amazing dinner!
yay! lunch with no lines
"why do we bother with love, if it never lasts?"
saw aricia for the last time   sniff
excited about lunch and tennis tomorrow with <propfirst>!
sushi! yay lunch with <propfemale> and <propfirst>
i don't wanna be in love
so i didn't go to 12k's of christmas    i feel slightly bad
such a nice morning!
who are when i'm not looking
i know you won't
just finished reading mansfield park
just to see you smile
she used to be a <propfemale>
going christmas shopping
just got mistaken for a walmart worker   
gift wrapping
i'll be handing out gifts tomorrow  yay!
puppy chow!
i hate how easily i blush sometimes   
daylight robbery
i love my friends even if some don't admit that i am their friend
<propfemale> claus is coming to    waffle house!
i hope you dance
half day! anybody going out for lunch?
french fries!
today i got a <propmale> book from a woman who has moustache and a comb for it   laugh 
the beating of music drowns out all of my thoughts
working with #4 as a server is really weird  o o
"this love, this hate"
oh how i hate waiting in lines 
ah obscene gestures
indecisiveness
looking hott and hitting a party with the girls
clubbing
you say it best when you say nothing at all
it feels like a lazy morning
just got home from work and realized i don't have to wake up early   ah bliss
anyone going to the gift wrapping thing today that can give me a ride?  laugh 
ugh i've been wearing my hair up too much lately
gift wrapping at borders
subway
fucking assholes
"slightly better now that i listened to a weird voice mail, brought a cute sweater, and won the football pool "
"tired, but i made bank tonight   laugh "
little night out with <propfirst>
spa day! kinda   
hmmm    
ah bliss
just got done with one of the cakes and let's just say it's not the best i've made   
arg! <propmale> hanger! i'm so restless now   
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!
i just got a $100 tip!
made bank tonight! yay!
i got wi-fi for christmas  yay!
finally i get to watch the grinch!
today's my friday
ugh sometimes i feel like nothing   
envious dreams and wishes
gonna go play with the girls until then i'll be out for lunch
movie night with <propfirst> and lexi after an afternoon of shopping    sounds good to me!  laugh 
what do you think i have down there a gnome
wow some mexicans are stealing rims at circle k and my friends are checking them out    annoyed 
rule #1: guys make the first move 
i love how you can barely see <propfirst> over her car 
just got done cleaning the kitchen  i love how on my day off i still have to clean dishes i didn't make     annoyed 
jump then fall
yay! i work 1st shift for the most part this week!
wow  i actually finished a full box of chinese food  i kinda feel like a pig    ah well 
"never forget a friend, especially if he owes you "
i finally get to see sixteen candles  wonder how good it is?
i'm so restless!
ah orange juice
i love the rain
"my shoes almost don't fit my style, but they do look professional "
i'm getting so frustrated because of this game!
it's snowing at waffle house!
"i hate how my hands burn when i put lotion on them, despite them needing it "
rock band while the family is out
"keep your feet on the ground, when your head is in the clouds"
just got 2000 on data worm  i can now go to sleep peacefully 
"so i finally get to see sundays at <propfemale>'s again, but then decide to work     annoyed "
i feel so exhausted and sore and i don't know why    joyful 
my dad just got done bleaching his hair   um what?!
follow me down
why do classes do mission statements?
send my love to the dancefloor
so i don't have a 5th period  perfect day to go out for lunch   too bad my ride has a fifth period
guess who had a two hour late start?!
i feel like making jam right now   
pretty little liars premieres tonight!
heading to the waffle house for a couple of hours
i miss singing   
competition coming up and i'm low on funds    at least i get to sleep in!
just got up haha
blood drive on the 26th! sign up and save lives 
tonight was good excecpt for the fact that <propfirst> called me by the wrong name and then tried to play it off  haha
area competition today    i hope i'm dressed right     annoyed 
nerves are on edge 
i don't think i did very well   
ugh    i hate this  i don't feel pretty at all 
just won a medal
ah how i love spanish rice  i only wish i knew how to make it correctly  joyful 
ah sugar scrubs are amazing afterwards   
going to the amc area with <propfirst>! come join us if you want     laugh 
"sometimes i hate love stories, and other times i crave them   "
i'm so sore!!!!!!!!!
sometimes i think i can walk straight and then i trip  annoyed 
ah to be <propmale> and to buy to your soul's content
"my piggy bank is so full, i'll be cooking up some bacon tomorrow!"
<propfemale> <propfemale> benites is now 18! and is rocking it bitches!
so my sister woke me up at 6 this morning and i couldn't go back to sleep   bummer
wings sound so good right now
haha i am smarter than the piece of ice!
i hate my printer so much!  annoyed 
paperwork   
almost fell asleep in government
in the glittering cloud
darkness on my eyes
"things to do before i die: learn to play the piano, travel across the world, be fluent in another language, and leave a legacy "
nice morning low securities what more could a girl ask for
today was actually a good day   
so i'm cooking monday    awesome
had a good day at work  i embarrassed <propfirst> at speed and had a battle with my old nemesis-ice  my army was only injured while the ice lost many
had a nightmare and woke up 3 hours too early ugh   
sometimes i really hate working with #4 i just want to hit something  troubled 
government hmwk not fun
"going to the 2nd assembly today, if you see me yell!"
ah hot chocolate
anyone wanna do anything today after school?
a tie that's bullshit
speeding cars
"i'll marry you for your money, but don't ask me for love  even the most pleasant sounding words burn the stone "
rugrats!
gemini or cancer?
i really just want to go back to sleep   
my bed has never felt so good 
dancing to the insanely loud music make my thoughts mute and my tears dry 
jets won despite everyone hating on them!
hopes and dreams and the reality of things
you know that you have been working too much when you notice that a sugar needs to be filled during a movie    
i'm so tired that there's nothing on my mind
so dead right now    x_x
"oh bed, you never fail to please me  joyful "
blare the music! jump up and down! stop the thoughts from flowing! everybody make a sound!
"hot or cold, it coarses through my soul, either way i can't control it  is this fear or freedom?"
finally finished my book unfortunately it ended in a <propmale> hanger   
i feel kinda crazy   
being around my family always gives me a headache
i now understand why everyone is addicted to angry birds
my new resolve  starts tomorrow
it was enchanting to meet you
i love getting chewed out and blamed for everything  that's always the highlight of my day   
looking forward to the music museum field trip  laugh 
why doesn't everybody get mad at me today? anyone who has an issue with me better get it out now because tomorrow i'm not dealing with it 
it starts today  gonna change some things up
invader zim!
gonna have breakfast with <propfemale> tomorrow!  laugh 
the <propfemale> looks pretty 
epic spit playing with <propfemale>
day off!
lately i've been really interested in russia  maybe i'll try to learn that language too   
today is a good singing day for me   
in the pit on first shift d:
just got all of my section filled at the same time d:
just beat the most tips i've ever gotten in a shift  joyful 
at the end of the year we should go to the ocean and have a bonfire where we burn all the homework and such (sorry <propfemale>) that we don't need anymore?
i feel a little quirky right now   
arg! halee had been right  i want to throw this book at a wall! <propmale> frustration
my jets failed me tonight  t t
i have back to december stuck in my head   
moving on up to 1st shift for a long while! yay!
anyone want a droid 2 phone for $300 includes charger and 8 gig sd card?
fucking won the soccer game and cursed out the ref!
boy's soccer team was bitching and the ref was fucking horrible 
donating blood!
early day tomorrow which means i'll be chilling at waffle house for a couple of hours!
i feel lazy and childish
i hate not being 18 >3<
"since i can't dance, i'll cook "
literally slept the day away
"going out with my girls, and apparently i look good!"
why is it that i still get in trouble despite not doing anything wrong and check in every once in a while? i might as well be as bad as i want if this keeps up   
woo! 3 hours of sleep!
"message me at 623 293 1839 if you would like to buy a droid 2, sd card and charger included, for $300"
"drama follows, and i can't run away this time  at least not until i'm 18"
ah shopping    cute new wardrobe and makeup for those days that i feel like looking pretty 
i actually get a tax refund!
<propfirst> franco
today feels like it's going to be good  i sure hope this vibe isn't wrong   
black cow
"i should be doing my comparative essay, but i think i'll put it off for a little while longer   "
"you're a real asshole, but at least your shirt is funny   "
stupid school system  annoyed 
laser tag with everyone  i'm excited!
no homo
tonight was great! we should totally do it again except for the whole spilling of my most embarrassing attribrute <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
why is it so cold
is it possible to murder a phone?
ah i feel so refreshed
so much to do!
<propfemale> doom dominates tomorrow
i just spent $50 at starbucks and i don't even drink coffee     annoyed 
it's a beautiful day not a cloud in sight so i guess i'm doing alright
where have all the intelligent people gone?
"feeling like posting lyrics, but i don't know what i feel like right now   "
gonna go out and play
"fun day, although i didn't get to go out with <propfirst>   "
just finished my book! now i can go onto the other five that seems to be constantly increasing   
"perception, confusion, consequences"
taking the plunge    i wonder how it will go   
not bad   
you wanna go night night!
ah my over protective family at waffle house
just got back hiking with halee 
i love how everyone goes crazy over <propfemale> cupcakes
turns out i do have to work today   
"pretty shitty work day not gonna lie    some perks, but not enough"
hopefully today is better   
anyone want to play tennis with me tomorrow afterschool? if so hit me up by 7 tomorrow morning-623 293 1839
mim was amazing! now it's time to go let loose
baby is someone else calling you baby
am i crazy?
nothing like a good southern meal and my pjs
just made my mom piss herself
excited about monday!
i have to wait until november!!!!!
"greek, yum!"
<propfemale> hansen is the best person ever because she gave me a real black <propfemale>! i'm do happy right now
ah i don't have any early days this week    t t
"i love how i can breathe out of my nose prefectly while hiking, but as soon as i get inside i can't   "
hate to admit it   
it gets dark too quick
i don't want to get up early tomorrow t3t
"so, because am won't shut up!  playful \like my status and i'll answer the following questions annoyed #1)  whats your name saved on my phone \#2)  how long have i known you \#3)  what's my most memorable moment with you \   #4)  do you mean a lot to me \#5)  word to describe you \#6)  would i care if i lost you \#7)  what i love about you \# smile   what i hate about you \#9)  you've just been dared to make this your status!"
bad vibes   
i kinda wanna be carried <propfemale> style right now   
"i wanna cry my eyes out, punch someone in the face, run my mouth, lose my mind,  scream out, travel to a new place, sleep until i don't feel, fade into the crowd, and then when that's all done i want to   "
missed my date and dancing
"ah the rain, altough i wish it would storm a little more"
back to work for a couple of hours   
finally a night to relax    too bad all that drama is still hanging around
where will the wind take me next   
eeeeehhh! i hate when creeps stare
the cartoonist impression looks just like me only better
early day tomorrow    not excited   
so my phone is demented and decided to take pictures of who knows what    um help?
sometimes i really love waffle house  love 
left the suds in the bucket and clothes hanging on the line
ah i love mornings like these   
"forbidden fruit creates many jams   haha it's a pun! oh fortune cookie, you "
just ditched the club
late starts and i get to eat brunch with my pals  joyful 
"so much to do, so little ambition"
waiting at the place
"breakfast was delicious, even with <propmale> making sexual faces at my pancakes"
if only i had wings
"i really want to go friday, but i might not be able to    t t"
i've never smoked weed or was drunk  post this as your status and whoever likes it thinks your lying 
always more of an antagonist   
so many emotions yet i can't release any of them
i'm in a surprisingly good mood  joyful 
i love <propfemale> she's amazing
i love that burlesque movie
"don't e playful ect anything from me unless it's disappointment  even then, i fail  however let me be, and i'll always be your shining <propfemale> "
going to the festival!
carnivals are definitely the best!
packing for the deca trip!  laugh 
ugh ap government is so boring
just got back from the science museum  it was so fun!
just got back from the science museum  it was so fun!
wish me luck  today is the competition part 
just finished my first one  i don't know how well i did    ^~^
just got back and i may have very well gotten into the top ten!  joyful 
going to the musical tonight 
"foam party just ended and hell yea it was fun! got work tomorrow, so night ladies and gents   wink "
reformation
just figured out what i'm doing for most of my tattoos
going to california today!
just saw a hybrid of <propmale> and <propfirst>
i love space mountain and innoventions! tomorrow i get to go to fantasyland  yay!
trigger played keep away with my pen
the disney character i'm most like is    the evil <propfemale> from snow white   
"wishing, praying on that shooting <propfemale> that you'll come home real soon"
back home   is that such a good thing?
shall we achieve greatness together?
"now that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of jupiter in her hair, hey, hey  she acts like summer and walks like rain reminds me that there's time to change, hey, hey "
"i can go out every night of the week\can go home with anybody i meet\but it's just a temporary high\'cause when i close my eyes\i'm somewhere with you"
rain rain come and stay
"rain rain come and stay, let's play play all day long"
i've changed my mind and hopefully i can keep it up from here on out  wish me luck!
"this morning was fun, going to starbucks with <propfemale> and then trying to do crosswords "
good changes are happening once you sign the dotted line
i feel kind of broken   
<propfirst> cheered me up!
"two nightmares in one night   ugh, but at least i don't feel like i'm waking up early because of how bright it is outside "
i hope it's a good day tomorrow   
shit's going down  don't you love family drama
refreshed
"yay! i may very well be getting a keyboard for graduation! plus, i now know my goal for getting  a laptop "
cutting the red threads
i want to feel the music pumping my blood and thoughts draining away to a place where they can't surface and make my day hell   i want to let it all go  i want to get crazy 
beautifull day maybe i will go out later
<propfemale> yogurt is simple
good day  laugh 
our school administration is fucked up  why can't you just talk to me?!
i love when someone says those words i crave just to revoke them because it causes them pain  give back my relief!
i miss my tan legs  sad 
the slow season is gonna kill my tips  sad 
there's so many hot air balloons   
"was kinda bummed that nothing was on tv, and then i remembered that i bought tangled  oh happy days are here!"
super happy because now i'm further in a series!  joyful 
words thougts out loud
"i love when i'm so happy, i can't stop myself from smiling  reminds me that i'm ok "
i love cooking!
kya
