fb9fcb7873fcda6336e8e86bdd72d2c8
    what a day  
"yippee yay    its friday    u guys i look like iv been in a fight, my pup <propmale> was doing laps around my bed playing and she clawed me real good    under my eye  hope its healed b4 the 4th "
    take time to love 
"     im so ready for the fall, i love this time of year with the leaves turning colors and the weather getting cooler  change is good "
wishing you guys a happy halloween 
"im going as lil red ridinghood and my hun is the big badd wolf, lol "
"   life is a gift from god, what we choose to do with it    is our gift to back to god "
"a hot cup of e playful resso is the best way to start a day, yummy "
"for all you cloudland canyon people, have fun this weekend "
"ohhh laah laa   yes, the weekend is almost here  i cant wait to spend time with my family playing softball "
danni and <propmale> are getting married! he proposed this weekend 
"<propfemale>, im thankful that im female, lol  really i am  what a blessing it is!!!"
"l     life is a journey, not a destination  as long as you are alive, you are in the process of becoming "
    sending out lots of love and appreciation to the veterans who serve our country and to there families 
"   day 2 of being thankful, im thankful for my family and friends "
   in relationships we either contribute or contaminate 
"day 3, im very thankful that im a mother  it warms my heart and soul "
"lets see how many people can do this, everyday this month until thanksgiving, think of one thing you are thankful for and post it as now, if you think you can do it, then repost this message as your status to invite others to take the challenge, then post what you are thankful for today "
"day 4, im thankful that i live in the united states, that i'm an american "
"i'm a lil bored so im going to share this with you guys   did you know that your forearm, the lenght between your elbow and wrist is the size of your foot, lol    try it"
"day5  wow, this is getting harder, that i love my lfe and each and every person in it  i love me, most days  (i hope that doesnt sound arrogant )"
i still love au 
"    anyone interested in going to see <propmale> <propmale>, who was in a motorcycle accident several months ago, he is slowly recovering but needs lots of love and support  please, contact me if you would like to go with me to see him next week "
"day 6  im thankful for new beginnings, discovering and discarding "
"day 7  im thankful for the fb tool, so i can communicate with all of you guys      mmmmmwwwwaaauuh  this is my last day of the thankful challenge  thank god lol,  why is it that once i have to do something everyday i begin to really dislike it  routine is dull   "
   live in the light
"namaste, hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful autumn day "
"you guys i am sooo in love with this new read, e playful loring the levels of creation, in a fantacy world, i would never come out     i would just read my life away, lol  happy friday everyone "
"under the influence of love, everything in your life gets better  your sense of inner freedom e playful ands  you realize that you are free to love, free to be, free to create the good life you envision  ands so your life becomes the joyful journey that god promises "
"    today, i'm spending thanksgiving brunch with my favorite people, my beautiful family "
how do we train ourselves to listen inwardly? how do we re learn the language of the soul? spirit is always orchestrating our lives and guiding us  but to decode its messages we have to dismiss negativity and fear we have to close the door on the chaos of the world  listening in silence helps us to e playful erience spirit 
the power of looove      such a beautiful thing 
   intuition is your inner voice forever pressing you to keep giving birth to a new self  wisdom of the spirit
"peppermint cheesecake, umm, mmm, good "
"great spirit, may every phase of my life be blessed  may my thoughts of fear not block your miracles  may i age into a deeper love  may the world not blind me to you  <propfemale> williamson"
"    sending you guys a big kiss, mmmmwwwaaauuh, have a great weekend!!!"
"    i wouldnt last 5 mins in michigan, lol, waaay to cold for me "
"<propfemale>     daa      christmas is almost here, you guys im just not feeling it this year, bahhh humbug "
"enjoyment, enthusiasm and ahhh yeah, acceptance      it is what it is "
"    thank you for all the love on my b-day  this is my 1st bday on facebook so it was quite a suprise to see all the fb messages, you guys are so sweet, looove you and thank you "
     hoping everyone e playful erience's the magic of christmas 
"    legends say that hummingbirds float free of time, carrying our hopes for love, joy and celebration  the hummingbird's delicate grace reminds us that life is <propmale>, beauty is everywhere, every personal connection has meaning and that laughter is life's sweetest creation  welcoming the new year, 2010 "
"   okay, everybody is talking about snow, i want to see more than a flake  lol "
"happy b-day <propmale>, he would be 75yrs old and i bet he'd be one sexy old man, lol  he was a truely one of a kind "
on my way to burnt hickory 
"ok , me at 16  i cant believe im posting this  lol "
i ran over a baseball bat in my car because thats how i roll 
"one of those restless nights, lol, i read for an hour, im still awake and bored so im going to e playful lore the internet "
"     happy 17th bday, addison  mmmmmwwwwaaaauh, sending you all my love "
     you can transend all negativity when you realize that the only power it has over you is your belief in it  as you e playful erience this truth about yourself you are set free                                                                                                      e i l e e n  c a d d y
"there no shortcuts to any place worth going     b e v e r l y s t i l l s, b  1929"
links to addison football pics http annoyed  www rgvsports com sections article gallery ?pic=2&id=5651 http annoyed  www rgvsports com sections article gallery ?pic=1&id=5298
"hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words, and never stops at all  e m i l y d i c k i n s o n  (1 8 3 0-1 8 8 6)"
"courage is , with love, the greatest gift  we are, each of us, deafeted many times- but if we accept defeat with cheerfulness, and learn from it, and try another way- then we will find fulfilment      r o s e a n n e - a m b r o s e - b r o w n"
"i have a lot of things to prove to myself, one is that i can live my life fearlessly    o w  19 5 4"
where there is great love there are always miracles   w i l l a  c a t h e r 1876
"you gain strength, courage, and confidence by every e playful erience in which you really stop to look fear in the face  you must do the thing you think you cannot do  e l e a n o r  r o o s e r v e l t"
you really never lose until you quit trying  m i k e d i k a
"yummy, hershey's milk chocolate and a bannana  a delicous lil afternoon snack "
if you & i woke up in jail together   using only 4 words   what would you say to me  copy & paste this to your status and see what funny things your friends say   
"   you are everything that is, your thoughts, your life, your dreams come true  you are everything you choose to be  you are as unlimited as the endless universe   s h a d  h e l e m s e t t e r "
"i was working on my to do list around the house and now i have great stuff, (insulating foam sealant) all over my fingers, lol, and this is so annoying   "
cant believe january is almost over   
"when you are truely free, you are infinitely flexible in any situation                                     d e e p a k  c h o p ra"
"     its a full <propfemale>, need i say more "
"we are either living in love or fear, i was in anxiety mode, thinking about my to do list of things needed to be done today until i remembered this "
"we either choose to manage our life, or    we let our life manage us "
"when you speak from your heart and say the words your soul has only dared to whisper, thats when miracles happen "
"its a good day for sushi, im hungry, i cant wait "
is trying not to judge people 
     happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few dops on yourself  r a l p h - w a l d o - e m e r s o n 1 8 0 3 -1 8 8 2
"    unbelievable, i have 4,170 yahoo messages, lol, i will be deleting for a week "
"some day, after we have mastered the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity we shall harness the energies of love  then, for the second time in history of the world, man will have discovered fire  p e i r r e -t e i l h a r d- c h a r d i n (1881-1995)"
"teaching is done in many ways, above all by example  teaching should be healing, because it is the sharing of ideas,teach only love for that is what you are  a c i m     happy valentines weekend "
"      it's snowing, there is something so beautiful about white fluffy, flakes of snow falling from the sky, covering the ground  i looove it!!"
"    thanks guys for all the love, happy v-day  im missing my kids on this day "
"the snow is gone, not a trace of it "
life is a gift 
   within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities  s u e- a t c h l e y- e b a u g h
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter ? ? in the ? world  i•*¨*• ¸¸know¸ •*¨*•i•*¨*• ¸¸do
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ?amazing ? son ? ? in the ? world  i•*¨*• ¸¸know¸ •*¨*•i•*¨*• ¸¸do
"   happiness is contagious  it spreads quickly when shared  freely  when it catches up with us, the cares of the day are immediately lightened  every struggle is eased by laughter "
bla bla bla    hopefully i'll be more inspired by the next half of this day 
    cant wait to spend time with my sista's tomorrow 
"the color of your bra recently made facebook news, but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our troops then please post this on your status "
everyone has talent  what is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads  -- e r i c a  j o n g --
"i just had a lil finch fly in the house, and im happy that i was able to get him out with no injuries, poor lil scared bird "
? live ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ? love¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? laugh„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤„ø¤                ? laugh„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸? live¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø   ? loveº°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø        ? love ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º ? laugh¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤¨°º¤ø ? live¨¨°¤ ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø „¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ?
    my addison is coming home 
"    everyone wear ye green tomorrow, and have a happy st  <propfemale>'s day "
"the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart  - h e l e n  k e l l e r-"
      hope you guys have a fabulous friday 
     i have the sweeetest daughter in da world!!!! taylor-paige you rock
much of wisdom often goes with fewest words  -sophocles
"remember that when you take inventory of the things you treasure most, none will have been purchased with money "
"iv learned that in every face -to- face encounter, regardless of how brief, we leave something behind "
   had the best day with my son 
"acim is cancelled tonight, meeting is scheduled for next wed "
"    today is a fabulous day, no sinus headache  you guys enjoy your friday!"
"    in my bedroom, night stand "
"it's going to be a quiet day for anyone around me, i've lost my voice, due to the pollen  loll    this should be interseting because i have a teacher's conference for my addison  fun- fun"
"if you fail, be sure it's a result of dreaming too big, not thinking too small   smile "
"<propfirst>, <propfemale>, court, mom, burnie, <propfemale> and family- you guys send paige'e some love and encouragment for her soccer game tonight  thx- love ya!"
"    for all you mommies out there, enjoy your family and your weekend "
"life is so precious, hold your loved ones close because no one knows what tomorrow will bring "
"14 years ago on this day i held my daughter for the 1st time, happy birthday, <propfemale>, you are my heart and soul   i love you sweet pea"
"   as i get ready to go to bed tonight i'm filled with such love and appreciation for all the people in my life, i adore you all and each and everyone of you has touched my life in some way  thank you , i'm truely blessed  namaste"
   where there is great love there are always miracles!  w i l l a  c a t h e r (1 8 7 6 -1 9 4 7)
"it's friday, i'm looking fwd to a great weekend "
   remember that you become what you practice most 
"accepting looks at what it sees w-out judgment,  it doesn't put labels on things  accepting has friends of every color and religion  it walks on both sides of the tracks  accepting doesn't decide whether something is good or bad  accepting allows what is to be what is   smile "
"childlike is a giggle, the delight in a rainy day and a muddy puddle  childlike has wide, eager eyes ready to drink in e playful erience and try new things  it is sweet energy, soft and gentle  childlike acts from loves and embraces everything as a possible adventure  it hugs everything  childlike never has to try  it just does and then delights in the doing "
"graceful is a ballet dancer on stage  it is controlled and quiet, beautiful and flowing  graceful allows  it uses its strength to make the difficult look easy  graceful moves from one place to the next withiut obvious effort  it breathes in peace and exhales satisfaction  graceful is always loose and flexible  graceful is a feather floating gently to the ground with perfect simplicity "
"passionate is an exciting child with a favorite toy  it is an avid fisherman waking up at the crack of <propfemale> to try out a new <propmale>  passionate is enthusiasm dressed up in its best suit  it is a lover,0a worker, and a player  it is a focused adult and an eager child  passionate lives and breathes what it loves  it is the celebration of doing "
splice     dont do it! it was a waste of $  lolllll
"generous is a small child with a mushy peanut- butter-and jelly sandwhich  it likes to toddle up to other people and offer them a bite  generous believes in abundance, and and it knows there is enough for everyone  it is as happy giving as recieving, and it enjoys seeing others get what they  generous is like the big blue sky  its very exsistence touches others in a warm and wonderful way "
"fun-loving is a whirling dance on the beach  it is a giggle in a quiet room  fun-loving is open to possibility  fun loving finds enjoyment in anything that could be fun  fun loving doesn't mind being alone  it doesn't search for it's entertainment  it e playful ects it  and then fun loving becomes it, with a bouncing leap of glee "
"thoughtful is aware of others  it opens doors for people, remembers birthdays, and brings hot lemonade to friends suffering with a cold  thoughtful knows just what to give and when to give it  it knows just what to say and when to say it thoughtful is a butterfly with bright wings of support that lands on the shoulders of others  thoughtful reaches out, beyond itself, to wrap the world in caring "
"present is a spotlight on what is  it's single -minded and totally attuned to the task at hand  present lives only in one moment, not concerned about the next one  present is clear  it does not get distracted  it is never in two places at once  it never tries to be something other than what it needs to be  present is the perimeter around every action, the frame within which every picture is displayed "
"persistent wears comfortable hiking boots because it knows it has to go to the end of the trail  it doesnt get stopped by blisters, aching muscles, bad weather, or other people  persistent might sit down to rest a bit, but it never gives up "
"open-minded is a puppy-eager and ready  it is bright-eyed and alert, knowing that anything it sees or hears or feels or tastes might be wonderous  open-minded has no shame  it is proud of what it is and accepting of mistakes  just as it e playful ects to e playful erience life's beauty it knows its own beauty  open-minded believes there is no point in closing the door on seeing or speaking the truth   smile "
"happy friday everyone, today i'm going to practice more love and tolerance, i've been snappy, judgmental and critical lately  i choose to be stress-free and happy today "
opps i did it again  lollll
"   say what you mean, mean what you say and dont say it mean  loll"
self- aware is a well - examined flower  self- aware knows its own heart  it sees every flat surface and every crease of what it is  it is not afraid of its own darkness  it celebrates it's light  it hears its own voice and it knows it scent  self -aware embraces all aspects of what it is  self- aware is its own best friend  self- aware is love 
is looking forward to spending the next couple days with my family!!!!
"back from the 4th wth family, loved the cabin and lake "
     loooves my family and friends!
"     live, laugh, love, leap, learn and listen "
"??\wish heaven had a phone so that i could hear your voice again    i\thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you\yesterday, and days beforethat too  i think of you in silence, i\often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a\frame     re-post this if you have someone in heaven    that you miss   "
is missing my sista's  smile 
"happy bday, dad "
loooves my paigey-pooh   smile 
