037bceb5f9b435c87f78fd83078a1a2d
stupid phone   anyway  happy new years 
just walked to walgreens with <propfemale>  wow   it's hot outside ):
"i went to the muny  laugh  haha, it was fun "
woah  4 smile 0 in the morning  
is at my grandma's house  its her birthday  playful 
<propfemale>'s at my house and im not there  she's been there for a long time too  o: is that weird? lol
"wow, a lot of people are still awake  smile "
leaving tuesday    this should be interesting  
is coming home tomorrow  smile 
its my birthday  smile 
going to the make-up registration on the 13th or something? fun stuff  annoyed 
tonight was strange  laugh 
some people never grow up 
still have to upload those bubble pictures    if only i could find the cord  
can't celebrate his birthday   til 11:58  laugh  only 2 minutes of birthday-ness  annoyed 
wow   
supernatural  smile 
is confused  indecision 
finally saw paranormal activity   eh 
"facebook trick! press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter, then left click then scroll up and down up & down and magic circles will appear! to stop this - refresh your <propfemale> this works - try it! then copy & paste this to your status!!    okay, so that works and it's weird  but what's the point? lol"
itunes is really annoying 
facebook chat is annoying me  so i guess i'll just sleep 
putting up christmas with <propfemale>  smile 
just became a fan of too many things  
is freezing o:
is getting ready to go have christmas with some of the family  still not sure what time we're leaving though  
"a man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them "
pixos are magical  but they take too long to dry 
the rev?  sad 
"\silly pink haired lady \"""""
pizza roll party! lol
"it's always disappointing when you find someone who has no clue who <propfirst> halen, guns n roses, or motley crue are  weirdos "
"randomly bought a fish  smile  oh, and happy new year "
toast > bread 
bend    and snap  laugh 
's plans get messed up all the time  
super <propfirst> bros  smile 
time goes by so slow when youre waiting for something  
did anyone else hope the snow today would stick all over the roads? i did 
i woke up early   and am somehow running late 
<propfirst> fiiiiinally cut my hair  lmao 
"\i'm not gonna get hit by that twig!\"" haha"""
procrastination = weakpoint 
so many people keep updating their status's   its getting hard to keep up 
so i'm thinking we'll have school tomorrow 
some things are better left untouched 
   
google chrome is really weird   
pokemon marathon    playful 
fails at cooking 
too much painting  indecision 
hiccups are eviiiilllll  indecision 
"cooking with her dad  btw, <propfemale> <propmale> got her phone taken away "
so many bon fires in one night  smile 
heilige kuh  playful 
are we not allowed to 'become a fan' anymore?? odd 
ughhh  still 1 more hour left 
sitting alone in a parking lot for an hour? not that fun  
anyone have $42 to spare?  smile  haha 
<propfemale> prey   haha
 smile 
i wish he would turn on the air conditioning   
iron man was such a long movie o:
finally storming  
wishes things were simpler 
jessssies herrrre  smile 
has anyone been to google today?? pacman!  love 
theres no need to update your status every 10 minutes 
storm storm storm 
my water tastes like chapstik  
six flagsss  smile 
i couldve sworn a monster truck or something just went by my house  
"\boredom comes from being too lazy to get creative \"""""
"goodbye missouri, hello tennessee  smile "
avenged sevenfold is going to pointfest  laugh 
is watching how to train your dragon  smile 
"1 movie down, 2 to go "
i freaking hate the dentist   
drums on rockband is next to impossible 
i dont get why i always wait til the last minute to do everything  annoyed  it makes things so stressful 
"goodbye missouri, i miss you already "
maybe minnesota would be more fun if we could leave the hotel room  annoyed  sheesh
horse races are pretty boring 
there are crazy drivers in chicago  
computer has some crazy man eating virus   well maybe not that extreme  but its freaking annoying 
'it’s dangerous in the car with all the kamikaze deer running around '
is watching law abiding citizin  smile 
<propmale> e cheese  playful 
i have to reinstall the sims > annoyed 
got an xbox 360 and the new avenged sevenfold cd   todays been agood day  smile 
ugh   stupid dentist  annoyed 
facebook mobile refuses to work anymore   this is really frustrating 
city museum last night  playful 
stupid schedule  annoyed 
"everyone else got a locker on their schedule, right? so why didnt i  ?"
"i shall get a raccoon, and name him <propmale> "
guess i gotta stay up all night   so i dont sleep all day  greaaat 
we're about to give the cat a bath  this is gonna suck 
i don't think it's possible to get more annoying 
i cant tell if vampires suck looks funny or stupid haha 
is seeing inception with <propfirst>  smile 
last day of summer break  annoyed 
ughh   this is so frustrating  sad 
it's too early to be awake
2nd degree burn from a shark steam mop   wow  can't get stupider than that 
watermellon balls!  smile 
why is the math hall so cold? o:
stupid dentist  sad 
is going to watch drag me to hell  i heard this was really stupid    here goes 
it looks like someone took a bite out of my magazine  sad 
it would be nice if i could fall asleep now 
is so happy to finally be home 
'limbs dont fall off when you can feel them '
 smile 
why cant today be friday?
ive never wanted to go to a concert and had the tickets sell out before   what the hell?
cheesus   haha
temporary tattoos are fun at any age  smile 
vampire teeth  muahaha  i love halloween 
why am i awake?  annoyed 
the darkness    woo smile 
"\it sounds like hurricane <propfemale> up in hurr\"""""
halloween weekend starts   now  smile 
am i the only one without power??
sonic is a hedgehog   i thought everyone knew that  apparently not lol
my english teacher is crazy  
nope  i give up  this math is impossible 
this is gonna be a hella long ride to chicago
my ceiling fan broke  annoyed 
snow!  smile 
<propmale> & company!  smile 
"358  ah, you're making me do this haha  so i know youve been really busy but i miss you  we used to <propfemale> out all the time  and your parties? i love your parties  i don't know why  they're always so small and so full of drama, but they're fun  you still need to make me watch all these 24389284 movies that i haven't seen  but i miss <propfemale>ing out with our little group  that needs to happen again soon  smile "
"662  i'm gonna start off by saying   sorry for not liking you when we first met haha  my bad  you turned out to be awesome  and i was sooo happy when i saw you in the gym for summer pe  i wouldn't have made it alone lmao  we still need to have a pizza roll party, <propfemale>? i know you like sour cream    lmao "
i wait forever just to find out that <propmale> owens isn't coming to missouri  sad 
winter break  smile 
is watching zombieland at our christmas gathering thing haha 
i love my family  smile 
chemistry test tomorrow? not good 
"i don't think i've ever realized how creepy fraggle rock was, before "
my dad just woke me up to ask what i was doing   um   sleeping?
