1153bcac550612bbeb3cf1172e01b33b
spent this new years <propfemale> in the company of friends and the presence of loved ones  so why do i feel so alone?
rest in peace ghostface  i'll never forget you  ? - july 4 2009
"just watched choke, and wondered why they didn't go with <propfirst> fincher?"
craves the flesh          mmmmm   flesh 
"i am my own god  we are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our education system  we are here to drink beer  we are here to kill war  we are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us "
is gonna eat your brains and gain your knowledge!
wants to know: should i go with the flow or piss on the campfire?
dead on my feet!!!  annoyed '
"made the mistake of assuming that the court appointed psychiatrist was his \friend\"" """
would like to thank <propfirst> o'neil's for the alcohol poisoning last night!!!
would like to thank everybody for the warm birthday & dethday wishes!
thinks that the last few days were like that ice cube track 
"thinks that with the combination of coffee, skid row tracks, non-stop gaming, and garlic roasted pistacho nuts, he might be having a surreal hallucination of the culmination  of his life "
let the turkey massacre begin!!! and let no person ruin it!!!!
"we have feasted on the bodies of our victims, and drank from their skulls with gratitude  now let us see the <propmale> and the prey, and ponder the sacrifices of each "
had waaaaaaay too much fun this weekend!
"has something to say, \i ate a baby today!\"""""
"it's a <propmale> for new choices, new decisions, new mistakes, and new triumphs, happy new year!!!"
saw avatar in imax 3-d           and my eyes are still bleeding from pure awesomeness!
want's to learn how to get rid of blood stains 
can i get a little survey going         who agrees that obituaries would be more interesting if they mentioned how people die?
thinks part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die 
was learning cursive really necessary?
was learning cursive really necessary?
is only happy when it rains 
"bother me tomorrow, today i'll find no sorrow "
would you rather have butter or guns? preparedness makes us powerful     butter merely  makes us fat 
"if you saw two guys named  hambone and flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins most? i'd  say flippy, wouldn't you? you'd be wrong though  it's hambone "
my nips are so hard from the cold they could cut glass!
"blow ye winds, like the trumpet blows, but without that noise "
took a nice trip down palolo ave this morning   and has the scabs to prove it!
is glad that the tsunami passed and everyone is safe  let's just hope  the same for chile 
back from cali and feelin' good to be home!
"i found out today that they're making a movie about the runaways, starring <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> fanning             let's just hope that she wont react to the breakup like she did in twilight "
i'm having puter' troubles  annoyed !
"had a pretty decent day, till on the way home i had to help this hysteric woman with blood all over her shirt and face pleading with me to protect her from the abusive boyfriend  mood kinda went south after that "
off to get my drink on at the block party  for those going i'll see you at o'toole's!
"went hiking at maunawili today, fell 50 feet on my ass at the falls  i  gotta say it was a good day "
reeling from injuries               found a new bruise when i tried to use the toilet 
where is my mind     
"dilema, dilema  do i stay home, read a book and save money  or, go out all night, possibly spend the rest of my savings, and hopefully end up in a life threatening situation?"
"saw the doolin' rakes at o'tooles, and they just keep getting better everytime i see them "
"it's the last day of the kon tomorow, i swear on liam neeson, i will meet <propfirst> <propfirst> bosch!"
pickles!!!!
looking foward to the island cruise tomorrow 
boy you said it chewy! may the 4th be with you!
is feeling the financial clamps slowly being remonved from his testicles   joyful 
r i p  <propfirst> hopper  we'll see you at that big mardi gras in the sky!
"i had an epiphany today - pandas are the only spcies of bear that are vegetarian  maybe thats the real reson they're becoming extinct, chronic vaganitis!"
fuck you <propfirst> richman! i love you!
"oh so its normal when you wanna eat pig's feet, but when i wanna try calf brains i'm the freak? fascists!!!!!"
i see a red door and i want to paint it black 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member, or friend \whohas lost the battle with cancer and in honor of the ones who continue\ to conquerit! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who \has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i       did    will \you?"
about to embark on a treacherous journey  mitsuken garlic chicken!!!!!
i need to get thru the battle net or i'm gonna start putting holes into things or people indiscriminately!!!!!
(inaudible silence)
who will help dispose of the body?
just got word that they're making a sandman tv series               bless you <propmale> gaiman and cw for extending my reason to live!
falling down is not defeat  not getting up is!
should i be worried when thoughts of anger and violence put me to sleep?
"rest easy for now <propmale> 24 7, but i'll be back and with a bigger appetite!"
free at last! free at last!
"i'm feeling very conflicted at this point in time, 4 0 1 has turned my world upside down "
"say what you're gonna say! go ahead and label me an asshole cause i can accept responsibility, for what i've done but not for who i am"
you can suck my culo chica! - <propfemale> lopez
must find the old 96'er!!!!!
why does halloween feel like christmas to me?
after a nice pouring rain i feet refreshed and reborn!
i'm so excited right now i'd could destroy everything in my path! ^ ^
rawr!!!! ^ ^
just jacked the headless horseman's ride! pretty happy with myself at the moment!!!
i wish it would rain harder 
"in vegas right now, tits!"
"in vegas right now, watching netflix  tits!"
"had a session at unlv judo last night, body is sore and tired, but i met some awesome ppls there rawr!"
"happy halloween, monsters!"
"can't remember the last time i had such a great time on my birthday! much love to my friends for having me, and just as much to my fb friends for the awesome birthday wishes! love to all!"
stuck in airport purgatory!
"finally back in hawaii, just need to land on the right island!  annoyed "
"my body lies in bed, but in vegas lies my heart and my head!  surprise "
"remember, remember        "
"i find it kind of funny, i find it kind of sad, the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had "
anyone know how to tune a 12 string?
where are all good men dead? in the heart or in the head?
considering if tofurkey is a viable alternative    
"holidays are here \joyous love and giving now \hope i get a gun "
"haiku's in my blogs\describing my holidays\the turkey is ate "
"the turkeys revenge\temperature 102\uvula enflamed "
what can i get for 10 dollah    
14 hours and twelve minutes until   
8 hours and 41 minutes          
snuck into gilneas      nobody was home   surprise 
i despise the world today 
life is suffering - that fat bald guy
wanted: polynesian or pacific asian female to <propfemale> in an erotic retelling of the overthrow of the hawaiian monarchy 
carpe diem quam minimum credula postero!
now begins the waiting game     
"6 hours waiting in line, who's cool now?"
i found the sweet spot!
blinded by pure awesomeness!!!
moving day yay!
"crap!!! sick again  >,<"
"feels like i have a fist in my throat, sleep non-existent, the highlight of my day: watching someone take a holiday dive off their lanai "
i have found my inner ralphie!
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!\(i'm gonna go be depressed)"
"this morning was like viewing life through a tinted lens, and it was beautiful!"
"\mother is the name for god in the lips and hearts of little children\""   <propfirst> makepeace thackeray"""
i find myself sitting in my car trying to motivate me to do something  (similar to <propfemale> benning in american beauty)
memo to the rain: why'd you stop?
"memo to the rain: thanks for coming back, you're awesome!"
going through lightning withdrawl  0_0
change the scheme! alter the mood! electrify the boys and girls if you'd be so kind 
"saturday, kaneohe ride!"
"at the 1st annual hawaii lunch wagon fair, what did i end up eating?       crepes!"
moving+depression+isolation=cutting wrists with packing tape
"a cancer patient only has one wish & that's to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour "
moving sucks! i can't decide whether to take my cookware or my zombie emergency <propfemale>?
i'm fricken bored! someone save me!
"finger gun to my temple    click, pew!!!"
bleh           
i don't negotiate with emotion terrorists!
"damn you insomnia, one day the tables will turn and you'll be the one that can't sleep!!!"
you musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger darling 
"if valentines day is in commemoration of the saint valentines that were martyred, shouldn't we be throwing rocks instead?"
"why is it i can fall asleep standing on the bus, but when i'm lying comfortably in bed insomnia-a-plenty!?"
"legendary performance tonight!!!!! a quick change of clothes, a couple of car bombs, and i'm on my way, i'm on my way      "
"sometimes i feel alone  some days are long and hard  but when i look out into the world i am struck by the impossible beauty of it all  those billions of magnificent accidents that led us to where we are today, that led us to paper planes and nautilus shells and the <propfemale> crooked smiles of children  when i think of everything in the world i have faith that one day a warm light will flood over me and i will find peace "
crap!!! my sunday is shot to sh*t!!!!!
"i've become a mythbuster, twinkies do have an e playful iration date!"
am i mad?
there's a hole in the bucket   
**** me i'm <propfemale>!!!!!!
"if you must resort to violence, then you've already lost  - cpt  <propfirst> connor"
