4c9fbbe44c139eaadcff513b0a3bbe84
moving forward and not looking back
feeling bad for lindsey    sorry about your car   sad 
"looking forward to seeing my little ones, miss them sooo much!"
love the quiz am 4 for 4 so far!
relaxing before another night at stoolies    
i wish parenting came with a <propmale>!!!
spending time with mini me  smile 
learn from your failures or fail to learn
happy thanksgiving to all   
spending as much time as possible with my little ones!  smile 
"i hate that germany kicked england out of the world cup, but am sooo glad the beat <propfemale>, to be honest the way the the germans are playing they deserve to win the title   "
"<propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i can not change, courage to <propmale> the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference"
can someone e playful lain to me what a day off is?
what exactly does a day off mean?
"its my sons 9th birthday today, wow time goes by so fast!!!"
rules are just made up for stupid people that cant make up thier own mind!
happy birthday to my awesome sister <propfemale>  smile 
just another manic monday   
fighting the flu  sad 
"life is far from perfect, but my kids and i are happy, guess that is what matters most!"
"i hope my children look back upon today and see a father  who had time to play  whether  the work was done, or it was not; who realize chores are sometimes best forgot  there will be years for cleaning and cooking, but little ones grow up when we're not looking "
looking forward to the father and daughter dance at her school tonite  smile 
just another manic monday   
"coaching spring soccer for my kids teams at the ymca again, season starts in 2 weeks   smile "
looking forward to the weekend  smile 
weekends should  be 3 days long from now on   they go by way to fast!
new profile picture    just before our first father daughter dance at school   smile 
praying for all who are affected by the earthquakes and tsunamis
happy st  patricks day everyone  hope you have a fun and safe one
looking forward to soccer with the kids this weekend  smile 
"having  a great day, perfect weather, soccer with the kids all morning, trail riding on the bikes all afternoon and the park after dinner, i hope i do not fall asleep before they do  smile "
made it through another crazy monday  smile 
insanity is doing the same thing over again and e playful ecting a different result    am glad i stopped and still have (some) sanity left  smile 
thank you for all your birthday wishes  smile   am spending the day with the kids and going out to dinner with the family tonight   
