6aac17bfa86679b99a308f9a04dade73
<propfemale> christmas!
most of the family is over  small children and old people   please kill me 
"whenever i want someone to log on, everyone but them logs on  ;-;"
for once i almost miss public school 
"just fyi, my last account got banned for no reason   annoyed "
i need to go to sleep but i can't sleep! > annoyed 
lol  my mom's going off on a tangent about meningitis or w e it is because i drank after people at the lock in 
hating my cellphone 
mom has figured it out! *last random post on wall for today*
i just went jogging   nothing hurts except my lungs  damn asthma!
why do so many of my comments dissappear? dx
should get computer back tomorrow    playful 
i'm a twig! dx misa gave me this one shirt that   the cut of it just shrinks my waist  gah  my mom is right for once  nooo!
so humid    annoyed 
"ok, just letting you all know i'm a pathetic, two faced bitch who doesn't deserve a social life  delete me now "
"bored as heck, not up to going riding   annoyed "
had fun running into <propmale> and kenzie at the girls guys night out thing 
yay! someone gave me a sheep in farmville  sheep! sheep! sheep! sheep! sheep!
"my mom is staying at the hospital again tonight, with my grandma who's on life support  the human body is so fragile  "
my dog pecos is very concerned about the flies my dad was killing outside of our garage   playful 
i wish i could honestly say i didn't care 
"i was outside all night without a problem, and when i get inside i finally start to feel cold "
wanting to tell my mom to go to hell 
i feel like crap   sad 
i'll be getting my braces off around spring  yay!!!!!!!!!
"the world has show itself to me as what it really is; a place full of pain, secrets, and people that let you know you're not alone in any of it "
am i too sarcastic?
"well, i'm pissed "
"i find it funny that my mom is wearing her heavy coat to the barn now, and i've just started wearing long sleeves "
"lol! i just tried to find a picture of <propfemale> fox without makeup on google images, and it said nothing matched that search  stupid slut "
life sucks right now 
i hope the power goes out so that i don't have to do my school work   smile 
farmville: stop posting crap when i don't tell you to!
terrified for no specific reason 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone   smile "
a music box thing started playing by itself  my mom and i have decided that it was grandma   playful 
some wounds just refuse to heal 
"thanks for getting my hopes up  at least now i've learned that if it seems too good to be true, it probably is "
the retreat was awesome!  laugh 
i'm bored   sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xckwexirzcm&nr=1   yay! i want one 
i've reached a new level of stupidity 
forget the former things; do not dwell on the past  see i am doing a new thing! now it springs up; do you not perceive it? i am making a way in the desert and streams in the wasteland  <propmale> 43: 18-19
"traitor! you know who you are, although i doubt you'll see this because i deleted you   smile "
is sad   sad 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
who else isn't watching the super bowl?
i'm bored  *cries
 sad 
"i wish i could stop getting excited about things, because i always end up disappointed "
i'm bored   sad 
youth group was awesome tonight  ^ ^
"couldn't make it to tfc tonight, so i guess i'll have to wait until next sunday to socialize  oh well   playful "
yay!  laugh  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bnzzjelbfri
yay!
looking for my musical freestyle song for fair  i think i've almost got it 
so much for spring break 
ow  
yay! my mom's directing i never saw another butterfly!
nobody needs me anymore 
i think i just found my freestyle music for fair this year  finally 
omg guys i`m typing this from a wii! lol
 annoyed 
apparently having friends is considered rude 
fml
creeper!
god has a really weird sense of humour  i like it though  lol  
"lost my phone, in case you're one of the few people that text me   that's why i'm not answering   playful "
"going back to the fair again, we're in the big barn this year instead of the outdoor one  come visit me? bored d:"
"going back to <propfemale> tomorrow, who has lunch 5c? either cafeteria, let me know which one "
"auditions for i never saw another butterfly are sat  dec  11 at noon and sun  dec 12 at 1 surprise 0 pm at encore theater  cast is at least 4 adults (2 male, 2 female), and a minimum of 15 youth 10 years & up (maybe more)  come and audition for my mom's show!"
