3e65c66bcb609ade7166bda7836d52aa
i have assimilated 
another long boring day at home  alone  i am so lame   :  
just chillaxing  waiting for my <propfirst> to get home form work  i feel like i never see him anymore :  
some fucking people need to learn to keep their noses out of other peoples fucking business   2 things you never fuck with   someones freedom and their fucking children   i am ready to fucking bitch slap a fucking cunt 
i wanna take a ride on your disco stick     wink 
"had a fucking awesome time last night with my <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and winston    we gotta do it again soon    "
"why must people be so arrogant? i mean,really,whats the point of being a condescending  asshole? nobody likes a person who acts like that    grow the fuck up "
i am feeling kinda bummed today  not sure why     guess it's just one of those days
"i sense the decay, the flies are coming   "
"put the kids to bed   all 3 of them were possessed by satan today  sad  relaxing and waiting for my <propfirst> to get home from work, can't wait to see him!"
"some days, if it was possible, i'd run to the edge of the world and take a flying leap into the void of space   "
so listen to this bullshit  the water is shut off at where i live and they say it should be back on by tuesday   tuesday!? that is unacceptable!
watching ace ventura: pet detective    i fucking love this movie    hilarious!
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have \been affected by someone, who needs a punch in ther face  people who \need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no \cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the\ face, but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't repost this  they\ need a punch in the face too"
had a lovely night with my jason     smile 
~devils speak of the way in which you manifest   angels bleed from the tainted touch of my caress~
so i have deceided that lady gaga is fucking awesome   i know it's a little different than what i usually like but fuck it   she is a hot bad ass chick! and if mr mason digs her than she must rock!
be careful!!!! apparently there are some rouge vampire bees lurking in the area    
i am just a dirty little secret     
what do you do when you feel like you aren't sure who you are anymore and like you are losing yourself? where do you go to find you? where is the lost and found box!?  wink 
"really wants to do something tonight!!! someone, anyone  wink , lets do something   "
"going out with my girlfriend, miss cherrypie    should be an interesting time    wink "
hanging with the kiddos  doing some house bitch work   and rocking out!
soooo tired!! as soon as the kiddos leave i am taking a long nap     smile 
"crime\\2010\in 2010 the following crime statistics were reported to the \pennsylvania uniform crime reporting system by the mifflinburg borough police \department annoyed sex related offenses - 0\robbery - 100\assaults - 55\property offenses - 123\arson - 1\drug violations - 2458\total alcohol crimes - 50\are you aware? pennsylvania state police focus report 2010 \\wow   look at how many drug violations there are!!!"
"today, september 19th is national talk like a pirate day   i am totally serious    scalliwags!"
i am feeling a little out of sorts today   not sure why  maybe it has something to do with the lunar cycle?
~idle hands are the devils playthings~
catching up on some shit  went to see resident evil:afterlife in 3d today   was sorely disappointed   
~slit our wrists and send us to heaven; the first flower after the flood~
chillaxing with my <propfirst> and mikey    
oh my god! the children are being atrocious today    i can see it's gonna be a long day     is it bedtime yet????
wonders why i even use this   every time i log in i see something that makes me feel shitty    
getting persnickered     not too sure if thats such a good thing    
i think i am a fucking idiot    i am violating the wizards first rule     :  
does anyone else agree with me that saw smile d is going too far? i mean really???
well just got back on here after a week or so and right away i gotta see shit that upsets me  :    fuck!
mmmmmm coffee   gotta love the simple things     smile 
ahhhhhh    relaxation time       
"hell-flavored   i got mood poisoning, it must be something that i hate   "
fuck fuck! fuck! fuckfuckfuckfuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too  much shit on my mind   driving myself crazy    
looking for a place in mifflinburg   if anyone sees anything let me know asap!!
"so, i wake up and really could go for some coffee   i make some and lo and behold    no sugar :   fucking bummer in my face   lol"
lay my hands on heaven and the sun and the <propfemale> and the stars; while the devil wants to fuck me in the the back of his car     nothing quite like the feel of something new    
when am i going to come first?? i feel like an afterthought   and you wonder why i feel the way i do    
"before him, beg to serve or please  on your back or knees     "
"desperation strips me,these last days have not been free   stealing every breath from me   whispering defeat   "
"be spiderwebbed and glazed in frost, she wears death beautifully   more stunning now than in her life,on a bed of autumn leaves   "
today is mikey's birthday  we are on a mission to have a good fucking time!!!!!
"so <propmale> has a little girlfriend named jackie   it's so cute, he says she is ''his girl''    he says he gets angry when she plays with other little boys   lol"
"so , i have developed a recent fasination with <propmale> jones and jonestown    that was one deluded and fucked up man     but what charisma! i guess when you have 1000 devoted cult members you gotta have ''it''!"
miss <propfemale> is getting ready to turn violent   point me to the nearest clock tower     
hope is for dreamers- i only have nightmares     
will someone please come and just put me out of my misery????
"we're both schizophrenic i fear, say how many voices you hear   "
soooooo cold      sad 
"he ate my heart, then he ate my brain  that boy is a monster!"
"for her lust, she'll burn in hell   her soul done medium well   all through mass <propmale> stimulation  salvation!"
"i need some quick $$    any one have any ideas???? need help with something   cleaning, babysitting, anything!"
~slit our wrists and send us to heaven  the first flower after the flood~
"you ever wish some people would die and come \back a zombie so you could personally blow their head off with a shotgun\ without penalty"
"well, i am feeling awfully shitty today   it seems nothing ever gets better    everything good gets fucked  i might as well dig a hole, climb in and never come out "
    just a car crash  away    
jeepers creepers  where'd ya get those peepers!? jeepers creepers  where'd ya get those eyes?!
i am oh so bored   all alone with nothing to do   mehhh     
so i am thinking of being a ''dead doll'' for halloween   i gotta work with what i have since i am a poor motha fucka  lol
"feeling swimmy, trying to wake-up  gonna go see r h p s @ the campus with <propfemale> and dippy   so excited  i get to dress up! watch out world, i am gonna wear a skirt! hahahahaha"
spending my favorite night of the year without my favorite person      overall had a shitty halloween   but the night isn't over yet    
"~choking you gently, gaining control  hand you a shovel to dig your own hole~"
"can i steal your mind for a while? can i stop your heart for a while? can i freeze your soul and your time? scorpion flower, token of death  ignite the skies with your eyes   "
"can\ i steal your mind for a while? can i stop your heart for a while? can i\ freeze your soul and your time? scorpion flower, token of death  ignite\ the skies with your eyes   "
"don't think too much, just bust that <propmale>  i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  wink "
having some coffee and chillaxing with some skinny puppy     
in the shadow of the light from a black sun  frigid statue standing icy blue and numb;where are the frost giants i've begged for protection ? i'm freezing   
is it just me or did the fun sized <propfemale> bars get smaller this year??
bored! watching happy days  waiting for my <propfirst> to get home    
enjoying my coffee  then out and about with <propmale> and <propmale> 
"chillaxing with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and j   maybe hanging with mr woolsey later on   "
ugghhh   so ready for bed  can't wait til my <propfirst> gets home  all i wanna do curl myself around him   
i suppose it's time for some coffee   and then        ???
gotta love naked sundays  love 
"~every time you roll up a dollar bill,you suffocate the president~"
today is a coffee sort of day    i feel like death   
"chillaxing with <propmale>, dippy, and sam     and my mr damien   "
grocery shopping   ohhh joy  :  
time to relax  maybe read a bit  waiting for my <propfirst> to get home   
anyone wanna buy a steam cleaner?? it's new and a bissel  i need $$$!!!
is seriously ready to <propfemale> it up   sad 
feeling pretty bummed  i need a hug  sad 
"~a pill to make you numb, a pill to make you dumb, a pill to make you anything at all~"
so i have a ton of little boy clothes   sizes from probally 12m- 2t i got go through them all  if you need some or know someone let me know!
"run an' tell that,  home boy!  smile "
something horrible is happening!! i am   out of   coffee!!!! nnooooo!!!!!
"if i'm a danger to myself,just think what i could do to you    "
"feeling disturbed today  i keep having terrible nightmares, but i can't remember them when i wake up  but they are bad enough that i wake up crying   wtf??"
mmmmmm    egg rolls smile 
is feeling mostly ghostly today      the nightmares continue    
the myth that when you die in your dreams you die in real life sounds good  but it doesn't work that way   if it were true i would have dies hundreds of deaths    
waiting for mr damien to get home from school  then just chillaxing   is it just me or does it look like it's gonna snow!?
"ummmm, weird question   are there any female transformers???"
can i steal your mind for a while?  can i stop your heart for a while?  can i freeze your soul and your time? -scorpionflower
~light a candle for the sinners   set the world on fire~
"fighting off a killer headache   stressing hard core about various things   as if i don't worry enough, i find something in the washer after i did some laundry that is bugging the hell out of me   "
why can't i just let it go? why must i question everything? why can't i just accept and believe? why must i ruin everything?
chillaxing   slowing getting ready to go out tonight with my <propfirst> and mikey    
ugh  another long and boring day for adrienne    will 10 o'clock ever get here?? someone save me!!  smile 
hanging around at home   would love some company for this evening    smile 
"ugh, the day is just dragging on!!!!!! i am so bored i could scream!"
"dear youtube, oh, what would i ever do without you to help me fill the endless days    "
tonight is our last night in montandon    i hope everything works out for us    :  
"~life like and posable, hopeless and disposable~"
"god damn you, <propmale> trotterski!!!!!!! oh and go eat a bag of dicks while you are at it     "
"impervious   \definition annoyed 1  not responsive: remaining unmoved and unaffected by other people's opinions, arguments, or suggestions\2  not letting something through: not allowing passage into or through something"
~forbidden in heaven and useless in hell~
"and when we were good you just close you eyes so when we are bad we\ll scar your minds"""
it's so simple but so true   actions speak louder than words    you say something over and over but until you act to prove what you are saying the words mean nothing     
nothing is ever how it seems  i feel like everyone knows something that i don't but should and i look like a fucking idiot well they say ignorence is bliss    
