38573937fddba0c09ef9b74d1071b949
"when jumping from trees, be sure to roll"
weird how no one goes to cape may
"at the beach for 3 days, and never actually went on the beach"
"ya know, i really wouldnt mind it if the school just blew up and we didnt have to go back"
work 3-8  come on thunder!
raiding an old pile of cds for itunes
can never think of a good status   
tryin to think of something to do before school starts
buzz cut    not entirely sure why
everyone practice sleeping sitting up so the teacher thinks your still awake
well  ive decided it was actually as bad as i remembered
is preparing for the zombie apocalypse
running with the swim team  bleh
behaving myself
beans: rip
just flipped mr  corcoran the bird cause he cut him off
<propfirst> <propfemale> for president 2040
last day of vacation  annoyed 
<propfirst> howards mustache won the game
youve been struck by a smooth criminal
no me gusta nadar
loves the smell of <propfemale> saw dust
"*slow clap* woo, eagles  yea   "
cant life be fair some of the time?
"i know, but why?"
whay am i incapable of doing this paper?
"per me si va <propfemale> citta dolente per me si va nell'eterno dolore  per me si va tra la perduta gente   giustizia mosse il mio alto fattore   facemi la <propfemale> podestate   la soma sapienza e la primo amore   devante a me, non fuor cosa create   sei non eterno, <propmale> io eterno duro   lasciate ogne speranze voi qu'intrate"
"devante a me, non fuor cosa create   sei non eterno, <propmale> io eterno duro"
new pair of skis and boots  hitting the mountains
is inventing a time machine to fast forward to summer
"damn, the chex mix is all gone   "
"tomorrow do thy worst, for i have lived today "
"back from mountains  tired, sore, happy  and now bed "
congratulations <propfemale>!
god speed <propfirst> 
just registered for the 2011 europe trip
bored as hell 
"shower, food, beach "
"goin fishin, gonna have a good time  got my <propmale> and i got my line"
likes that feeling of hearing little kids having a temper tantrum     and knowing you have a condom in your pocket 
"mmmmmmm, haggis     "
sats till one  damn this is gonna suck
what happens now? i'm gonna get some hard pipe hittin n----- to come in here with some wrenches and blow torches and they're gonna get medieval on his ass  ya hear that zed? i'm not done with you yet 
life guarding try outs  wish me luck
officially a cape may lifeguard
livin it up in cape may
life guard training  it's gonna be a long day
sand was literally blistering hot
day two of hell week
"two days down, three to go"
jet ski rescues are fun!
just ate way too much chinese food
last day of hell week  get my stand today
rockin out to bohemian rhapsody waynes world style
watching scarface and playing some bass
that really hurts
wiffleball thursday
off to work
i just accidentally ran the microwave for a minute with my phone next to the indian food and it lived haha
"if i learn from my mistakes, will i eventually stop making them?"
party? why not?
6 days till home
kinda wish shit would just go away
+1 volkswagen gti
black hawk down
i like it on her parents bed
"i am come to the tavern alone to eat a steak, after which i will return to the office\-sir <propfirst> steele"
that phillies fan whistling is really starting to piss me off
unleash the kraken!
suite level seats at flyers game
i invoke shenanigans upon thee!
the walking dead is officially my new show
rise bright and early for that whole day blue mountain e playful erience!
hospital  <propmale> busted his shoulder
in a funk
ninja warrior!
tomorrow there is a 100% <propmale> of weather
nothing for it but to keep on tryin
