14a99df22d4aa5b4a7418883e83b6041
hoping for a little more promise this year  2009 was a horrible year!!!
"livin the simple life, and lovin it all"
wonder what my kids are doin   
my president is retarded
moving this weekend 
"having to make a choice between my husband and my son  \blood is thicker than water\"" """
learned today that my waitressing days are behind me  i came home and cried from the agonizing pain in my legs   i only had 2 tables of my own  how pathetic is that?
"looking forward to a little down time  was off yesterday so we ran all over 2 counties doing the flea market thing  yes, we're rednecks "
6 more days and i'll know the gender of my other grandbaby  the anticipation is killing me 
got my cancerous mole removed today   my face is sore as hell!
"tried a new recipe today: pepperoni and slim <propmale> pizza  pretty darn good, i must say "
where'd all these grey hairs come from?
"finally got moved!! thanks <propmale> for all your help  it almost looks like a home and not a storage shed anymore, lol  my aching legs!!!"
had a very long memorial day   five days   now it's back to the cafe' & i probably won't be worth crap!!
went marketing at the new river valley fairgrounds yesterday in dublin  today i'm nursing a sunburn   but it was worth it!! hubby loved it and is already making plans to go back in september   yea!!!
"my first grand-daughter was born today  can't upload photos from my phone onto my pc, dang it, but i should have some to share tomorrow  she's beautiful!!"
"<propfirst> took me to eat in <propmale> city, tn after a long, hard day's work  it was a nice drive and the meal was delicious  it was first visit to <propfemale> garden, but not my last "
we placed 4th!! good race boys!
back to work tomorrow  i get to find out how we did over the weekend  i enjoyed working side by side with my son  that was fun 
"another granddaughter born today  i'm racking up on little girls, lol "
got to read at <propfemale> bed yesterday  amazed i can concentrate with the sound of gunfire around me  maybe i'm ready 
spent the past 2 days at the country club   borrring!!!!!
<propfemale> needs christmas lists
i found heaven  it's in the sunbeam brand heated mattress pads  my legs and back love it!!
"my planets are in perfect alignment this week for love and romance  rest up, <propfemale>!!"
i've officially donated my body to university of tennessee upon my death 
"haven't worked a single day this week   and liking it, at least until payday "
"i think i'm finally done with christmas shopping (yea!)  now, time for the shipping (boo!) "
catered a christmas party last night and there's another one tonight  wouldn't be so bad if i could sleep past 7am and my back didn't burn from pain  definitely preparing for that tonight with a thermawrap and a bottle of pain pills 
got the next 5 days off yea!!!
im racked with guilt  i feel so bad for celebrating a pagan holiday  my last year for this paganism 
"i'm ready for a permanent summer  what's the purpose of winter, anyway?"
"i have a feeling it's going to be a great day, despite the snow  i'm going to beat <propfirst> in tennis, <propfemale> pong, and baseball "
"i am considering putting in my 2 week notice and applying for disability  i have more bad days than good and i can't do my job like i used to  2 days of work = 3 days in bed, and 8+ hours a day kicks my butt  how depressing!!"
"to everyone who sends me pictures and other media files to my phone: just learned these types of messages cost extra  please send them to me via facebook or email  \thank you kindly "
i see grass!! wonder how long it will last 
"i've begun the disability process  i've found some crafts that look easy enogh and for which i have all the necessary supplies  hopefully i'll get my w-2 soon so i won't be too much of a burden to my husband  lord, give us strength "
"of my whopping 19 fb friends, only 4 are non-family members  2 of those 4 could be classified as family if i got creative (<propmale> and <propfirst>'s mom & the mother of one of my granddaughters), so that leaves 2  can you say \schizoid\""?"""
"today is my last day of work  i'm going to miss it, but i bet my body will rejoice "
"jonny <propfemale> will be in <propfemale>, nc in april  i so wanna go!!"
sometimes i hate being me  i'm so frustrated with my health and inability to find proper treatment  but i shall persevere and become a stronger person along the way 
"?????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's daughters week! if you have a beautiful daughter(s) that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ????????????????"
"supposed to get up to 54 degrees today so we're going to trek over to the flea market in bristol  now i just have to rid myself of the massive pain in my back, side, and abdomen and i'll be good to go  looks like a public intoxication day!!"
"yesterday was a great day  we went to the dollar tree (at my request) and then to wal-mart  for lunch, we stopped at red lobster  and no pain until after we got home (yea)  that's an accomplishment in itself "
today is nat'l rare disease day! praying cures will be discovered for the millions afflicted 
"got an appointment with a nephrologist at uva on march 15 yea!! i hope he she gives my doc a course other than the one i'm on, which is none at all "
went to my urologist today and he told me i no longer have retroperitoneal fibrosis  he must be an awesome doctor because i am the first the be cured of it in the whole history of the disease 
it's officially yard sale season! this is my favorite time of the year 
