0ca1f64f4be5bd1e4362f8ae80089e14
"ahhhh, christ   has my life really reached this point?  i'm sitting here alone, having a conversation with a cat "
is over it   you can only fight so much before it's just not worth it anymore 
what the eff?  i've never been so confused   
"so i was thinking    i should go gay    you know, just to stick it to the female community   i can see the headlines now: \perfect man turns gay; women devastated\"""""
is kinda worried about the ex   i'm thinking she might try something crazy at this point    like punch herself and call the cops to get me arrested   i don't want to go to jail 
    seriously?  weird 
"effin' drama, yo "
"yayyy, 21   boooo, hangovers "
"woo, phone is off   if you want to get ahold of me, i have absolutely no contact with the outside world right now other than the internet "
it's not that i'm exceptionally smart    everyone else is just incredibly stupid
"god     i fucked up   been in jail since cinco de mayo     after i spend the whole day trying to tell my family this girl isn't as bad as they think, i spend a week in jail   i know i'm a jerk, but come on     i guess i have to get my life in order now     no relationships for a long time   gotta make peace with myself before i can worry about anyone else  "
"whoa, how bout that    being the good guy might work out for me   thanks, <propfemale>!"
first case is gone    not guilty!
"holy shitballs    i finally have a phone again   i need <propfirst>, people    720-289-3912"
"awww   lame   after 10 years, my computer finally died on me   with everything that's going on right now, that's some shitty timing "
sex and the city is so dumb    i don't see the appeal   i don't have to watch a sitcom to hear a bunch of women in their 30's talk about sex 
"not cool, brah "
how do i remove friends?  it's come to my attention that some of the people i know are annoying or gross and i'd love to not see their stupid posts 20 times a day
"jesus     all i'm saying is, give me some space    i have 20 stressed out people riding my ass   i'm the one that has to deal with this, and i'll deal with it a lot better without the added stress of everyone else   chill, people "
since when is playing guitar hero socially unacceptable?  i rock that plastic guitar like a champ   that should count for something   
"the hell is with this allergy crap?  i never have allergies   is it just really bad this year, or am i getting weak?  i can't accept that "
woo!  have my bed again   everything is right in the world 
won't you take me far away from the mucky-muck?
"i'm becoming a big fan of this no bullshit lifestyle   if people act up, they're getting called out     so, it kinda makes people think i'm a douchebag   oh well   you should have thought about that before you started acting like a jackass "
ugh   finally out of the tuxedo   what a night   i could definitely do that again 
"alright, people   i need some help   i can't find any good horror movies   any suggestions?"
"effin' pauly shore     if that guy can become famous, i'm gonna be a millionaire "
"it's loooog, loooog - it's big, it's heavy, it's wood   it's loooog, loooog - it's better than bad, it's good "
"woo   i love randomly having to go pee for the government   thanks, <propfirst> "
"note to self: after handling peppers, wash hands thoroughly before touching genitals "
do you ever hear music so amazing it sends chills down your spine?
"if anyone needs me, i'll be busting dust "
mmmm    spinach artichoke dip    
"went to an awesome moroccan restaurant tonight    one of the most awesome e playful eriences i've had in my life   it's like going on vacation for 3 hours   good music, belly dancing, eating with your hands    i'll definitely be going back "
"i never knew i was such a hippie at heart    all i need to do is grow my hair out, buy a bunch of cargo shorts, maybe start listening to some 311 and playing hackysack with my hippie friends while drinking chai or some sort of herbal tea   "
woo     first day of work    holy crap 
the hell      i was exhausted all day    then i fall asleep for like 20 minutes    now i can't sleep 
"woo!  paychecks    finally, i can start buying stuff   no more glasses!"
"gah!  f you, overnights   i don't know why i signed up for that   shit, i'm not lookin' forward to this "
4 hours down    fuck 
off the ankle bracelet!
how do i always break the things that cost the most?  cell phones really start to add up after 3 or 4
"pfft   new phone    again   i need <propfirst>, people    send messages, text, whatever   720-289-3912"
derp   work is slow 
stupid court    this shit is so stressful     
"god     why does everyone like such terrible music? i understand that's all they play on the radio or mtv, but e playful and your horizons a bit, people   "
"woo, starting full-time at sports authority on monday    yay money, yay benefits "
you'd probably think that my pants had the mumps   it's just my sugarlumps bump ba bump 
"screw you, winter   i'm not ready for this shit"
"it's crazy being with someone that i dont fight with, or feel the need to talk shit about whenever they leave the room   "
more like whack friday   retail is serious dumbness around this time of year
"ahhh!  thanks, everyone    not only is it my bday, but i finally get a little bit of stress off my back   court is looking good "
"oh my god    i live next to the most obnoxious dog owner    the dog barks for 30 minutes at a time, then the owner calls it in with baby talk   "
"sooo, yeah   everyone knows already, but guess who's gonna be a dad?!?"
"whatcha mean, biz markie?"
working till 11 smile 0?  booooooo
de la soul is amazing   how have i gone this long without listening to em?
"i ate a salad the other day and realized that eating doesn't have to make you feel like shit    today, i went to <propmale> taco for lunch   i'm beginning to think i may be a bit of a masochist "
