7e75554a77a9d90e08f9e57e91ea2f9a
"happy new year to you all! let it be filled with nothing but the best!  and this time, lets make those resolutions actually do-able, haha"
first thoughts of 2010   im tired as f*ck   haha
i fee like sh**   im goin to the gym   like thats going to solve anything   
just bought sims 3!!! woohoo!!!
"i   i dont, i dont know   blah, whatev "
12 hours later and im finally home  side note: i totally want the theme song from <propmale> scared stupid to be my ring tone   luv that movie   
"off of work! shyeah!  hm, now what to do?   "
i just want you to be the wall-e to my eve  uh      smile 
"hm, well "
i think im gunna go to the movies tomorrow after work   yes i think so
my ribs hurt    so seductive   ill take you to the <propfemale> shop   i want that wedding singer  lol
you know you've been working the same job too long when you start x'ing the otc bottles in your house   sadly funny 
yay i have tomorrow off   but i wish it was for better reasons   
this rain is absolutely rediculous   i mean really?
welly  well   im red again   so happy!
"i  love  going to the movies   not so much by myself, but you gottat dowhat you gotta do   public enemies is on the schedule "
perhaps i <propmale> something wrong    or it didnt go as well as i'd thought   
tell them that it's human nature    
damn this week went by fast   hmm whos going sky diving next satuday??
wrkin on the book  yay    
busy day tomorrow 
looks like it will just be me in my wolverine tee   lol   beachin it but first gotta stop by rockaway
it was definitely a good night   except for a few things   rain you are allowed to pour 
"that was the best compliment i think i have ever received, *grin* lol"
im just going to stop everything   what isn't meant to be just isn't meant to be   i suppose 
effing smoke detectors went off at 530am and stayed on for 30 minutes! but hey it only took the fire dpt 45 minutes to get here!!! what if i was on fire?? wtf!!
that smile was just for him 
why is my mom vaccuuming at 6 am?
whatchu know bout me?
time to do some work for work   
oooooooo sky-diving on saturday!!!
soooo i failed my inspection (it's no surprise to me) but the guys laughed at me and i have a red rejected sticker on my window   i dont want everyone to know i was rejected!  i hate rejection   
is jumping out of a plane in a few hours!!!
im gunna go outside and read cuz its a nice ass day out 
watchin psychoville   this show is hilarious!
i find it a <propmale> bit rediculous that they had to create an indicator to tell if there's alcohol in breast milk   wtf?
dont think that im ignoring you 
what fun things are there to do in this damn state? except go to the beach?! i need to go back to tejas cuz i might die up here   
1  i think i might be too much for people and 2  i need to check my voicemail more       sad 
"wrong wrong wrong  this was supposed to be different ,,"
"i love the smell of my room and the feel of my bed   you would too if you were here, hehe"
off to rockaway for a bit then house hunting    tiff   
sorry ppl i was in the woods nd then my phone died so dont think im cutting you off!! ill call when it charges!! but in the mean time   frisbee!
calling it a night 
"im sorry but, <propfemale> mint flavored water=fail   but its still gunna be a good night "
"that was the craziest hail storm ever!!  ouch     and to top it off, lightening struck the tree in my backyard"
nerver again?! never again?!
i cant find my phone again   sorry!
"oooo, turn off    "
"i am now going to watch i am legend, b c we're both two lonely ppl looking for some   one   thing   except im not the only person in the world surrounded by virus'd ppl   ?"
oh i have got to stop   for real
"yeah, im hurtin   night "
do i have permission to touch your body? i promise its not sexual  im not saying youre not an attractive person  in fact youre a very attractive person  i ? hancock!
all im sayin is if you dont know how to use an ellipsis   then dont use it  simple   and if you dont know what an ellipsis is then   
"i'm not short, i'm just fun sized!!"
my room is hot   i don't like it   
i need to sleep   asap   come on sleep!
"1  an 18 wheeler on fire on 78, at 10pm   really? really   2  that is not sexy nay, that is an epic fail   yes epic   sorry "
totally  platinum   kinda   
"im sorry, but i will never understand guys   not like i was really trying to but damn "
this better be a friggin awesome day   thats all im sayin   cuz if it isnt    mjr grr 
"no words, but the face says it all   =0)"
yeah the orphan was wierd   but actually good   surprised much
"bridgewater, phillipsburg, then home to start my painting! yay!!"
basing the canvas then watching the ugly truth   productive much 
soooo theres been a change in mah plans   going to whitecastle (cuz its what i crave) then watching the ugly truth!
fcuk 
yep   hate mondays   specially when craptastic pharms wrk the weekend   makes my job super fun!  faux 
bacon chocolate bar?  double eww   but why do i wanna try it   
say hello to the bowling champs!!  bomchickwahwah!
wow 
done 
"gah this day was horribly wonderful,  smile "
strike number 2 =[
new yorkin today    yay   not    
quick nap before i drive moms around jersey   
back to the jerb    yawn 
the day is getting better and better and better    
actually had a pretty good sunday    smile 
i totally want a sloppy <propfirst> right now   thanks t
=0)
"yep, im a keeper   mos def "
"yeah, im just totally done with some people "
"three cheers for crazyass work days!  and im workin a mid tomorrow, cheers again!  (there is sarcasm floating around in there   fyi   )"
being productive   kinda   
"and i was like, why are you so obsessed with me?  smile "
i need      smile 
"honestly, what is the purpose of cell phones if no one ever answers them? really "
we never were so why you trippin?
well i feel a helluva lot better   thanx mar!!!
*insert potentially dissapointed headshake here*  =[
*insert dissapointed headshake here* =[
"you snarky bastard   oh yes, you "
im done e playful ecting things from people   this getting let down constantly bullsh*t is starting to get irritating   snarky bastards for real 
"yep, im good!! *insert big smile here* its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, oh would you be mine? could you be mine?"
all the things i miss in the world   
"ive been a bad bad girl   (say it with an english accent, so much better lol)"
i am not the one 
"aw man, the rents turned the heat on     sad "
holy ish   i slept until 10 today   woohoo!!
"no more \angry\"" pic   happy people? lol"""
hmm  now what do i do?
some people are just annoying    i probably should tell them 
why?   i hate whys   
grain of salt   
i just made a big ass breakfast for the boys and i still have to clean the kitchen?! what the eff??
i like big ____ and i cannot lie
yeah   i should have closed tonight   shoot me 
i could wear these things all f'in day!! lol
the real me   ha   
strangers have the best candy   didnt you know?
"quand on n'a pas ce que l'on aime, il faut aimer ce que l'on a   "
"ive realized, i do too much   in all aspects of my life, and its getting me absolutely nowhere "
id appreciate your input 
so nervous for tomorrow     smile 
oh sweet pain   lmx doesnt work for sh*t   just thought you all should know 
what a weekend   fantastic   thnx guys!!!
 smile 
yeah   packing is no fun   
"pharmacy question of the day:  a man asked if we \had a pill to make him stop leaking\""   uhm   """
why do boys say such inapropriate things?    
8(
"made a mess, and what a mess it was  hehe"
 smile 
you're the tide that brainwashes my dirty mind   didn't you know?
pirate language is the best language ever   thanks facebook for putting it in 
argh
"yeah    thats kinda creepy   nice, but friggin creepy   "
so confused   and i dont like it =[  why cant people just  mean what they say?
i fail so much its ridiculous   fml   
first im gunna    
no i lied  i feel shitty  mais pourqoui   
nom de dieu de pu<propfemale>in de bordel de merde de saloperie de connard d'enculé de <propfemale> mère  beautiful 
i do believe it is time to play 
i didnt realize how persistant car salesmen were   friggin annoying as hell   and scary   
just bought a car!! finishing up some loose ends then its mine on tuesday!!
yay   a new week   should be a good one though   maybe   
"i can now add my new car on the list of things i love, woohoo!"
this night is getting progressivly worse   im tryin so hard not hurt somebody 
tout <propfirst> bien   j'espère si de toute façon
doing my first drive to the job   wish me luck!  smile 
confused   about what? i dont know   
"according to my dad, its no longer snowing   the stuff falling from the sky is \re-circulating snow from the other houses nd trees   \"" my dad gets a fail """
 smile 
of all the things in the world i cant talk about   it was brought up   again   
he's made me a very happy girl    smile 
sorry girl you missed out  yeah tough luck that boys mine now    lol
"im calling out to you, can you hear me now   "
i think some guitar hero is in order   yep 
im keeping my mouth shut from now on and keeping my stuff to myself 
black n white   
pink n black   poke-a-dots!!   smile 
"sometimes i wonder, if it's supposed to be like this   "
gotta get it together 
"sorry, im not haitian   "
just a beautiful mess
i have everything   and nothing   
"tonight im reaching out to the stars, i think they owe me a favor "
want want want   
"everytime i see your face, my heart smiles  everytime it feels so good, it hurts sometimes   "
i want tomorrow now 
"had a great time last night  thanks guys, it was the best birthday ever!!! haha"
"tell me whats on your mind, cause i'd really like to know "
i think someones shooting a gun behind my house   yeah pretty sure
three words can make everything better   smile 
"to the world you are one person, but to one person you are the world "
sometimes i wonder   
day #2 done at 4    1 day til boston
"suggestion: if you have no intentions of calling someone back, dont tell them youre going to  this way they wont be pissed at you when you dont do what you said you were going to do "
youre gunna find out that im one in a million 
"going to eat with my new friends, haha"
you're the reason  and an amazing one 
spending the morning paying bills   so much fun   
"wrkin 4 to   2   3am? overnight, bring it on b*tch (this is prolly gunna suck)"
its lonely here 
boston initiative   day 2  8 to   ?
please not another 10 hour day    
this is insane 
"alls im sayin is, to hell with snap caps and bubble packs   "
i keep it steady cause steady is how i do it
"when i saw you i fell in love, and you smiled because you knew  -shakespeare"
good day so far   lets go saints?   
off to boston   so many other places id rather be   
this hotel room is absolute bullshit  put me back on the 2nd floor! lol
tomorrow is going to be great   
i am so effin tired  i dont wanna do this anymore  =*[
 love 
goin home soon nd im mad excited 
home   here i come 
"and back to work i go, blah   atleast im back home lol"
and she's crashed her car and its f*cked up  im gunna go die now   goodbye people
? ? ?      wish i was better   
being at home is boring   i need to work er something
what the hell happened today??
? ? ?    cluster f*ck    ? ? ?
i did it all for you   
i think i need a nap    
where should i go for vaca?
im workin on a sunday   havent done that in 2 nd a 1 2 years   wow
   
"my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and theyre like its better than yours  damn right its better than yours   "
relapsed   playing halo til work   nd i was doing so well   
time to make that money   
what to do today   
im getting too old for this shit 
lost and confused    c'est <propfemale> vie   
of course my fb account would be the one to get hacked by cybercriminals   thank you fb for not deleting me
blah work   atleast i get out early   
shake n bake baby
mommas back baby  bring it on
four days of rain? are you kidding me?? atleast its not snow   guess its better   
"got my tax return today, mommas gettin her xbox   elite whoo!"
deez  nuts 
this is a bs day to work   im leavin early 
grr tummy ache   
so   uhm   yeah   
"srry people, now someone hacked my email account   keeps getting better    "
all accounts have been recovered  why do ppl like me so much?! a-holes 
why are mondays so sucky    
"rip coach <propmale>, we love you and will miss you always   thanks for all you did "
for one night i could be her    or i could be better 
long  ass  night   good effin stuff
should be a good day    yeah
i hate mini coopers 
what the hell am i watching? stripers?? uhm   
why do some people think tattoos are evil   
i miss my bestfriend already =[ …tear…
tired    nap is definitely needed   
should be a better day   prolly not   
thank you friday 
nd my day just got so much better
? ? ? three words can make everything perfect  love 
people are funny and not in a funny way 
how the hell did i gain a friend? i havent added anyone   
"dont tell me im mean, b c i already know  biatch "
"happy bday mom!!! i made breakfast and learned all about football, what a productive morning lol"
seein madea's big happy family!
startin the bday countdown   12 days   
patiently waiting to play reach before work   hope i get to   
owie
   9 days   
   7 days   
   5 days   
   3 days   
"   2 days    nd ive done it again, haha"
   1 day   
5 14 85   b-day
thanks for all the birthday wishes!! you guys are the best
sometimes you have to close one door to open another 
"havent been this happy in awhile, thank you"
its crzy how much things can change in a 7 days 
j'espere   
if youre gunna break into my pharmacy atleast have the decency to take some ish  thank you
"i dont believe in a lot of things, but i do believe in duct tape "
this should be a good weekend
its friggin hott outside
happy and sad to be home   shoulda brought him with me
"starting the new job today, yay   "
waitin for tomorrow   
 love 
my boyfriend is amazazing
i got that   
"seein him in a couple days, yay!"
whoooo six flags!!!!
back at square one
dont ask me for favors
and here   we   go
happy friday the 13th!
hurry up already!!
and here we go 
"oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day  i got a wonderful feeling, everythings goin my way    psych  wheres the damn weekend"
work needs to be over   like hours ago   
whoooo friday!!!!! too bad the highlight of my day will be cleaning my room    blah
i think a trip to rockaway is in order   yes i do 
movie  time!!
back to work   yay    if i could stop sneezing it'd be better   
dont text me if you dont plan on responding to my text  thats rude  grr to you 
"alls im sayin, is if that douche burns the quran, a shit storm is going to rain down upon him   thats all   "
"boy youre everything i ever wanted, but i gotta let you go cuz this love is   haunted   "
take me away   
"nothing changes, just rearranges  and you'll always be that pathetic thing you've always been "
"oh korn, what have i been doing without you?  smile "
"hide your kids, hide your wife  we gon find you, so you can run and tell that home boy  you are really dumb  for real   hahaha love it!!"
hopefully we get our dog today!!  smile 
"we had magic   and this is tragic, you couldnt keep your hands to yourself   babe, you lost me"
hmm decisions decisions   tattoo or halloween costume   hmm   
please shoot me now   or let me shoot someone cuz work its nuckin futz 
im ready to go camping now   anyone wanna join?
"hey facebook programmer people, put cry wolf on here!!!!"
   sigh   
"im so cold, will you be my hot tottie?"
yay for halo: reach   smile 
i could really use a wish right now   
so done with work already   
spca'in with <propmale>   smile 
at the movies    alone   but im good! lol oooo devil
fuuuuuuuuuuudge monkey
no sleep for me   gunna be a looong day   =[
"yo, im really happy for you nd imma let you finish, but this is one of the best updates of all time"
hello   is it me youre looking for?
i flip that middle finger nd the index finger follow   dueces 
boyz iz crzy  ha  ha   
i am not a pretty girl   no thats not what i do  i aint a damsel in distress and i dont need to be rescued  so put me down punk   
rain rain go away    
"yep, i have problems   "
"im going to need a biiiiig drink after work   yeah, that bad"
youre a douuuuche baaaaag
whatchu think about a girl like me   buy my own car and spend my own money   
"come and give me some of  that yum yum, chocolate chip, <propfemale> dip, can i get a scoup? baby take a ride in my coupe, you make me wanna shoop   "
"for the first time ever, i have less than a dollar in my account   funny, but sad"
i like it at the foot of my bed and under my desk
prepare to get spartan punched 
"yeah, im awesome  i know"
ten ten teeeeeennnn!!!!
bazinga!!!
"did you know, baked lays and yellow skittles eaten together taste like those lemon girl scout cookies "
<propfemale> pb + bananas = yummm
boom shaka
go go gadget-copter!!
"tattoo youre name across my heart   maybe not, that would hurt, and i dont  want your name on me   "
"i'm a trouble maker, never been a faker "
mmm i like it like that  slow motion for me  move in slow motion for me   
"im so cold, im so cold    no, really i am "
its 330 am nd i cant sleep  what the fudge monkies
guys are friggin creepy  especially when they dont realize they are
dont you wish you were here with me? i do   smile 
why the hell are sprinkles called jimmies?  the eff?
go go powe rangers!
uhm   okay?
some people just dont care   
i hate crazy slow days at work    
well that was an awkward night   
"your kiss was a perfect drug  it gave me the perfect high  and cheaters fall in love, they all deserve to die i need to feel you again  i need your lips on my skin  for one night i could be her  well i could be better "
"ahhh, ima mutha f***in monsta!!"
meetings suck 
"how can cheaters fall in love, they all deserve to die   "
"grr, im a vampire   and im hungry  hehe "
ready to go home   so sleepy   
what a lovely day with the lil bro
these trick or treaters are friggin funny!! especially the little ones!
"tonight im reaching out to the stars, i think that he owes me a favor   "
apparently im not registered to vote   dont know how the hell that happened  thank you <propfemale> 
"a heart attack is sleeping in your chest, waiting until the timings best  so make your move, while youre still breathing    "
want you to make me feel like im the only girl in the world
i got aloooot of movies to see this weekend!
"stop and stare, i think im moving but i go nowhere, yeah i know that everyone gets scared   ive become what i cant be   what you need"
"i promised id never sing of love if it doesnt exist, but darlin, youre the only exception   "
 smile 
"when i see youre face, there's not a thing that i would change, cuz youre amazing, just the way you are "
a boyfriend application? really? lol
"you build me up, you break me down  my heart it pounds, yeah you got me "
"the wedding is finito nd this bridesmaid is tired lol, congrats again to <propfemale> nd <propfirst>!!!"
happy anniversary to my rents nd happy half bday to me!!!
hello monday   i hate you 
"uhm looks like its all about questions today, if you got any for me, shoot!  smile "
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it   
this is gunna crappy day   
halfway done   blah
somethings are just to good to be true sometimes   
je suis tres bien maintenant   merci mon amour   j'aime que tu me faites
the stupidity of some people   amazes me   completely amazes me 
"happy happy, joy joy"
i met zann!! lol
"your soul, is mine!"
may we live without walls
"love   dont hurt me, no more   "
"feel locked in a room, and im starting to choke   enticing the shame, awaken the world   "
today will be a good day   i hope   
i got all my stuff but i cant see any or do anything with them until i get home from work   annoyed 
why is it snowing?!?!
happy turkey day!
dirty bi**h 
ohmmmm
it's too late to apologize   
sigh   
"their tryna build a prison for you and me to live in  another prison system for you and me  \\phobia of the day: nebulaphobia"
"my baby's so amazing, let me sit back and count the ways   "
so that's why it's raining    hello sh**ty day
"you know that you came and you changed my world, just like in the moves   and i'll wait for the day    \\oh mj, you're the bestr"
don't  you hate when your plan to be nice to someone completely blows up in your face  yeah   
you won't like me when i'm angry   
"fcuk this night needs to be over  7 am, please get here faster"
je ne sais pas quoi éprouver ou penser  j'ai perdu  encore  merde 
soad i've missed you   maybe now i'll sleep tonight  smile 
apparently i smell dominican   not exactly  sure what that means lol
"my hands are ashy, i put lotion on em   i go to the store and put lotion on em   bath and body works, free samples  i said aye b*tch tell me where are da samples  she said excuse me sir, theyre right there  i said b*tch where? she said right there  lol"
"doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before"
"they be like ren  what? how you dougie in that snuggie? you know why? cuz my blankets slippin of me     dougie in my snuggie, dougie dougie in my snuggy "
i would like the panda pillow pet for christmas  please nd thank you
"set your spirit free, it's the only way to be   "
alpha-kenny-body   yeah <propmale>
"here i am, so take me as i am "
i wish i could live in a cabin in the middle of the woods with my 3 loves nd not be bothered with anything  awesomeness
"lets go on a adventuuure    to <propfemale> mountain   shun the non believer, shuuuunnnnn"
oh it's gunna be one of those days   be over already    
"got me like oh my god, i'm so in love  ive found you finally  make me wanna say oh oh oh   oh my gosh   "
brrr 15 degrees is no bueno   nd the gusty ass wind isnt helping!
"if i get sick, i'm kickin somebody in the face with my fist  for real "
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me
the power of christ compels you!
"open your eyes, look up to the skies and see   nothing really matters   "
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!
i shall call him squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my squishy
at d nd b for <propmale>'s bday
hey yo  you dont have to love me  you don't even have to like me   but you will respect me  cuz i'm a boss
"i really like what you've done to me  i can't really e playful lain it, i'm so into you "
why does pb&j smell so good?
everythang on the computah needs to have <propfemale> face on it    is what i'm sayin
yeah i got a reptar hoodie  in yo face 
"my pharmacist: we had to buy bi-sexual gifts for the pollyanna \me: bi-sexual?\pharmacist: oh no no! i meant unisex!\\btw go bears!"
yeah i'm makin a rubber band ball at work  whatchya gunna do about it punk?!
"run and tell that, home boy "
"according to <propfirst>, i can't do anything because i'm a woman "
why is my dad blaring <propfirst> <propmale> throughout the house?
eff this morning   january  is why i hate pharmacy retail 
oooh noni 
i wanna take a ride on your disco stick 
this frigging dry winter air is killin my throat    grrr
do i have   the flu?! dun dun dunnnnnn!!
potty training puppies is so much fun  especially in 5+ inches of snow   
yay i'm still a taurus!!!
"if it snows again on tuesday, im gunna kick someone "
yep i hate my job and i'm finding a new one  like now 
"i've been neglecting my poor halo reach, so i think i'll play tonight  smile "
"my fellow philadelphians, stop complaining about the damn snow! it's winter, it snows, this is not new phenomenon  it happens every year!!"
yeah we just had thundersnow  yes i said thundersnow
and why did i go to work?
i think i sprained my ass  thank you mother nature for encasing my driveway in ice and thanks to gravity for bringing me down in  2 seconds flat   smile     
"i'll be there for you, till my heart is black and blue"
like my day couldn't get any worse    
"i won't let go  there's just no one that gets me like you do  you're my only, my only one   "
this is gunna be one of those days    ftw   
uhm whose goin to tx?
boredom is a killer    and it kills slooooowly
my job makes me depressed    
feelin poopy =[
gettin <propfemale> hair did  always an e playful erience lol
texas bound on monday!!!!
how is my flight already delayed? lol
finally she's in d-town!!!
what a long day   night   
why won't they call me   
dont wanna go   
my ear hurts    damn plane
let me get this call tomorrow  the waiting is killing me  please and thank you
"excuse my french, but fucking sux for yours truly"
it'll be okay  just gotta be patient   smile 
wow i totally thought that commercial just said dragon aids   
sooooo happy!!!!!!
"texas, im coming home  smile "
i love how apartments complexes give you the apartment and have you start paying for it before your approved lol
i am not the one 
surgery in the mornin     annoyed 
