56cb08aab814b9d990052a3d92bfafe7
time heals all wounds yall  he makes me really happy  smile  can't wait till tomorrow; you're all mine <propfirst>!
byeee facebook 
hi facebook  smile 
you lost the best you had  baby don't look so mad  i never want you back 
my happiness is slippin through my fingers  sad 
out to the movies  finally  yay!
one word  crappy 
just got back from the party  smile 
"no there ain't no rest for the wicked, until we close our eyes for good "
talkin to you all night makes the pain fade away  i wouldn't want it any other way  love 
"he's the only one that i want by my side  he's the only one that i believe can save my life  he makes me wanna be a better woman ohh why, he's higher then the sky, the suns and the <propfemale>   smile "
in my heart i know everything will be just fine 
la la la la la la la la la 
how could you be so heartless?
remember folks! time is never wasted when you're wasted all the time!  smile 
so turn away from the ones who hurt everyone 
"a book is like a box, a box has six sides, inside and outside,                                                       but how do you get to whats inside? how do you get to whats inside out?"
had an awesome movie night with the fbf   smile 
it's better to be happy alone than unhappy with someone 
"i'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "
i never felt settled or calm  you can't really commit to life when you feel that 
i can't wait to move!! i'll be so much happier 
"we've got our backs against the ocean  it's just us against the world  looking at all or nothing, babe it's you and i  let's take a <propmale>, go far away, today & never look back again "
hello skinny jeans  it's going to be a fabulous day beeshes 
finally all moved  sittin with <propfirst> by the pool   laugh 
everyone sucks   smile 
i think the rain finally stopped  i can't wait for this pool!
i need a haircut  bad 
love can sometimes be magic  but magic can sometimes… just be an illusion 
finally going and getting my hair did  finally  i may come back a blonde if im not careful maybe hotpink like my cuzzo   wink 
ya know what    i'm the f'n <propfemale> of the world   laugh 
i feel amazing  pool was amazing  sun was amazing  even the kix i had for breakfast were amazing  now all i gotta do is finish cleaning for the cookout this weekend and i'll be 100 
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now  wish right now, wish right now "
i can't wait for july  hopefully everything goes fantabolific 
yay!!! i got my new router and everything is finally fixed!!! no more lagggggg    hahaha 
   and i wonder if i ever cross your mind  for me it happens all the time 
blahhh 
i don't see why people can't just shut the hell up and be nice to each other  people wonder why i keep to myself so much well to keep it simple    i'd rather not be around crap that annoys me  and everyone takes things too seriously when really whats the friggen point?
i must be dreaming 
on my way to <propfemale> out with the country boys   smile  life is good 
wish this weekend never had to end 
"if she's lonely now, she won't be lonely long "
finally back from southern md  it felt good to be on the beach lookin up at the stars and relaxing  looks like i'm going to take a cat nap now fb 
i just wish i knew why me and everything around me is falling apart 
there ya go  makin me fall in love again   smile  packing up my crap and moving furthur down south 
omg *hugs interwebbbs*
"i know there's a blue horizon  somewhere up ahead, just waiting for me  getting there means leaving things behind  sometimes life's so bitter sweet "
watching the ravens preseason game   love 33
finished cleaning  finallyyyy 
"i\ can't believe some people in this world and the people who forgive them\ when they don't deserve it  he is the scum of the earth, rude, and \disgusting and i hate to make people pick sides but seriously?"
hide yo kids  hide yo wife   laugh 
ravens kicked that ass! this is going to be a good season   smile 
goin out tomorrow with mama  gotta find my ass a jobbbb 
doomsday was crazy good   wink 
"if you die  you only die once  if you're scared, you die everyday "
rayyyyyyy riiceeeee!
xbox 360 elite down the tubes    
pissed 
ravens doin work   smile 
ravens win  good lookin out <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!!!
where is this new l4d2 dlc??  > sad 
i can't wait to get today over withhhhh 
<propfemale> is a wonderful woman   love 
playin some mw2 wif my bb   laugh 
good old <propfirst> movies  love 
finalllyyyyy  got my job interveiw on tuesday!!!!!!! wish me luck!!
i got my job  smile 
limewire is dead d:
work is lame  sad 
gotta go to work  work  work  gotta go to work  work  work  *sings*
off thursday and friday thank god   smile 
damn just dropped a skittle   
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from \your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  unti dec  6 - \monday there should be no human faces on fb, but an invasion of \memories  this is a campaign against violence towards children!!"
going shopping  smile 
"if i close my eyes, it's all the same "
i really wanna go to see the lights on the bay at <propfirst> point state park   
can't wait for pay day so i can go christmas shoppin  smile 
thanks everybody!!  smile 
"watchin the ravens play with natenate, then maybe goin to the movies   surprise "
"when it rains, it pours   sad "
