a95d123f7c698a9dd3820552f9a0ad2d
"a happy new year to all   let's make it better known for optimism and realized hopes and dreams, instead of strife, death and destruction "
going out shortly to head to salem   at least it's not raining yet 
"the breeze is coming through the open window, and the temperature is mild   it's a beautiful day, though it does portend rain again   sometimes, the rain is very calming, and reassuring   when we've got a thunderstorm brewing, it's just like a bulwer-lytt"
"i'm on an englebert humperdinck kick right now   i think right about now i've memorized most of the lyrics of his songs   favorites have to be we fell in love and love is all  yeah, so i'm a hopeless romantic, what can i say?"
"another night with no sleep   pretty much does hell with the infernal--i mean \internal\""--clock   yikes """
usual headache brewing--just one 24 hour period is all i'm asking!!
"it's going to rain again soon   it's gotten chilly and damp out the window   <propmale> is afraid of thunder so if he runs in to sit next to me, i know we're due for a wee bit of a storm "
sleepy!  i just want to put my head on the pillow and fall into blissful unawareness!
"okay to all of the farmers on farmtown and farmville: tomorrow i will begin to send gifts, accept those which have been given to me, and help out people for coins   i've been putting this off for a little while, so i guess i just have to face the music and get with it   huh?  you all win!  (not a bad resignation, is it?)"
"okay, gifts are sent, flowers, trees and other obligations met--for the moment   i'm sure that won't be true by the time i go to bed      wink "
"to our rhode islanders: when did <propmale> point close down?  it's like nantasket beach, where paragon park used to be--another old-styled amusement park gone forever    at paragon, the roller coaster had some sort of record as a wooden coaster   i was terrified of it, until some of us hit the park in what was its last hurrah, and i went on it, knowing it was the last time  i won't forget it--it was awesome "
"it was a hot and humid day  i was up early, but went back to bed and slept a little longer  my friend <propmale>'s <propfemale> has been very ill, and it looks as though he will be letting the little <propmale> go into the endless sleep soon  he won't eat anymore, and he has kidney failure  we've been giving him fluids through the scruff, but it isn't helping  at about 17, he's had a good life, but it's time to let him rest "
"it's been a nice day   i know it's a lot hotter than i like it, but it's doable   i have the a c on, but not too cold, and a crack in the other window allows the kits to get closer to the outside world  meanwhile, i have to sit and organize just another pile of dvds and cds   one group has vague labels, and another has no labels   someday, my life will be organized, but it ain't today!"
"it is only 87 degrees, but with the humidity, it feels like it's over 97   i have to admit the weather hasn't been too-too hot all summer, but for those few days like today, i can only say i will be very happy when autumn is here   of course, then i'll be wanting to make the winter go away, so i can't win weather-wise   i'd take it, however, over socal, though, anytime!"
"i'm beginning to think the cynics were right, and that it was a simpler society 40 years ago   that's forgetting that a war was going on, rapists still raped, pedophiles still molested little boys and girls and the church still ignored it, cigarette smoking not only killed you, but most of those who breathed the smoke, drinking destroyed families and caused horrible accidents  yep! simpler "
"after 7 now, and it's getting more apparent that we don't have daylight as long as we did 2 months ago   shadows are slower and longer, it seems, and the haze makes your imagination go wilder on exactly how hot it is! a slight breeze gives a modicum of relief and stirs the air to keep it all from getting too stale  i want to be by the ocean, and breathe in the essence of the day "
"it's so damned hot that i couldn't wake up this morning! i finally got up at about 1--although i must confess i didn't go to bed until after 4, so that might have something to do with it!"
"question for all: does anyone think it silly or wasting time having an active fantasy life?  one day a week and  a half ago, i had a doctor tell me i spend too much in my fantasy world, and i tried to e playful lain that as a writer, i run scenarios in my mind of different scenes i want to write, and use the fantasy \me\"" to add continuity to a story or simply an event """
"saw inglourious basterds yesterday--my first tarantino film  i was concerned about the  graphic violence potential, but for the most part, nothing looked so graphic that i needed to turn away  <propmale> actually liked the movie more than i did after all   he would heartily give it a full 4 stars (out of 4), but i would give it a 3 or 3 1 2, except for the last scene, which i would award 4 stars "
"going to two appts, which means i'm not going to be home much until tonight "
"went to hampton beach today--first time up there   we got there a bit late, and i was tired, but <propmale> did more walking  than i could   but got partway on the boardwalk, walked the beach for a little while, and had an excellent buffet at the ashworth hotel   as we were getting ready to leave, it started to rain, but we got back to the car quick enough to avoid getting wet "
"sorry guys who play farmtown, farmville, or any other dynamic sim game--i'm quitting   my energy level is very low, and i'm only pulling down those of you who are actively playing   i'll see if i can save my game when i can go off it, and possibly pick it up again in some future time "
"sometimes i think the great ghu has a great laugh at our e playful ense  perhaps even to the point that fate ghu purple unicorn creates nasty scenarios where we get injured or hurt and he can laugh his ass off  after a fall yesterday, i am once again stuck with bruised ribs (right side) which took me about a month to heal last time  it's difficult to do much of anything when every move is guaranteed to hurt more "
"way back when    we spent nearly the whole summer from young childhood to late teens on my mom's parents farm in cape breton, <propfemale> scotia   it was bliss as a whole, where even not-so-pleasant things gave us memories! were told not to get dirty on sunday morning--oops, too late!  covered with lice! tried to play with chick until mother hen got me in a ditch and pecked me until my mom rescued me!"
"one of the kittens died, so we got a small box and had a funeral for it jumping in the fresh harvest of hay in the barn and befriending the barn cat along the way! ending up in the latrine pit in the back of the farm, covered in--well, you know watching the northern lights oh so many things!  if heaven is real, i think to plan it in my past, within the summer of my heart,"
"sometimes, i think there is a vacuum around me when i post about something tangential or in my past   i try to philosophize and it goes nowhere  (perhaps socrates, aristotle and <propmale> aurelius were also ignored?)"
"the summer is starting to pass away, as autumn gradually comes to be--the nights are cool enough to warrant a light blanket on the bed, and fans and air conditioners are left unused for days  pretty soon, the leaves will start to turn, and we will all be treated to the fantastic color show that makes new england special  yeah--i'm back in massachusetts now, and will never live in socal again if i have any say in it "
"yeah, i got the wrong cubic oriented spelling   should have been cubicle, not cubical   damn!  first misspelling in a very long time!"
"you never appreciate the lack of pain until you're in a lot of it!  bruised, possibly broken ribs, it doesn't matter which: take a pill for the pain and shut up, if you can stop screaming every time you move  i just need to stop tripping and falling or the authorities might suspect my cats of owner abuse   oh, wait    "
"are we here because we're unique, or because a more advanced species couldn't kill us outright, and the earth is the equivalent of the botany bay?"
"got a box back that i hadn't even remembered owning  it was filled with 100s of negatives from the 50s and 60s  i don't think i ever really checked them out before, but i took more than a quick glance at them for once  most of them are b w   this is the kind of treasure some of us enjoy the most  as soon as i can get my scanner up and running again, i have a lot of work to do!"
"an old photograph in the pile i just got back was taken in 1976 when i was at august party in <propfemale>   we'd managed to bring <propmale> tate to the convention, and boy he was great   in the picture, <propmale> is surrounded by the group of us, and he  has his arm behind me   i look happy, but i also look a little dazed   as soon as i can get it digital, i will post it   it brings back a lot of memories "
"i must have really been tired as i slept most of the day away!  perhaps the excitement of yesterday at the hospital was too much for me   i guess i'm getting old--no, nevermind \getting old\""--i've been there for awhile now!"""
"with the arctic circle defrosting, the continuous change in our own climate, and the worsening disasters brewing, all we can do is try to roll with the punches, and contemplate whether we're going to be around in 100 years (we meaning human beings)   i just want to see even the idiots denying it now come to the realization it's not as simple as they think "
flies!  i hate flies!  it suddenly seems that they are ganging up on me today and yesterday   i want them all to go to hell!!!
"to clear my status, i need to clear my head   which isn't always possible, so i am forced to add even more information and deal with an accumulation of random facts, trivia, and irrelevant information instead of dumping all the useless crap "
"still drowsy, even tho i slept fairly well   i notice if i wake up naturally, i don't remember my dreams, but with a more abrupt waking (answering the phone) i can remember bits and pieces better  i thankfully have some very vivid dreams when i can remember them--they're my very own tv network "
"i just did a big re-do of some of my photo albums, if anyone is interested   have fun i hope)!"
"want to make me cry? talk about <propfemale>, the calico mom who rescued her 5 kittens back in 1996 from the burning building  <propfemale> passed away last october at 13, but her story shows that animals have all the traits humans are supposed to have, and perhaps even moreso  there are way too many animals who will never get loving homes, loving owners and lives away from the streets  and that makes me very sad indeed "
"allergies are acting up though not sure why   when someone finds the perfect allergy remedy, please let me know!"
"cat naps--i've been falling asleep at the computer again, for short bursts of 20-45 minutes   i'm trying to stay awake so i can get a normal sleep for the rest of the night, but the naps will likely keep me up as usual  oh well "
"what does it take for a person to sleep?  with me, about 6 pills   two to knock me out, one to put me down lower into rem sleep, two to keep from being bothered by things which might otherwise wake me up, and one, finally to let my body relax enough to stay asleep   i wish there was a single pill that could do all those things on its own, but after all these years, i haven't found one "
"disks!  100s of them!! i've begun the long process of organizing them  i have 3 types: music, media, and programs & computer stuff  the music is the smallest group  the programs are next, and the media is, by far, the biggest  i transfer my tivo programs to the computer, and then to dvds  i leave them in tivo format because media player can read them, and i  fit 6 episodes on each, all the same show "
"alas and alack, i don't think i can manage a long nighter, so i bid thee adieu as i go play a game to help me get to sleep faster   and i really should go and put some food in my stomach!"
"it doesn't seem mid-week, though it is   something about the weather and the season that are making me restless, and want me, dear god, to work on the house  that's just not natural!"
"i've become an activist   i can't do a lot of going out and being more active like that, but letters i can write--and do   just dashed off a note to <propmale> grayson in florida for his bravery in stating the obvious about the gop's stance on health care   we need more like him "
"is photography, whether it is manipulated or not, <propmale>? is the perception of the photographer the same as that of an <propmale>ist, or a clever mechanic, or perhaps some other measure? are <propmale>ists who work in other visual media good photographers, or vice versa? are the qualifications or skill sets the same? what makes an <propmale>ist in any medium? when does one stop being an <propmale>ist and become merely a technician?"
"going out shopping--it looks nice enough, but it's cooler than it looks! jacket time!"
lazy day   my nose is stuffed and i can't do much more to help   it's just an ugly mess   need to get some ocean spray!
"winter has arrived early--we barely had a summer, and spring was not a really pleasant time at all   there are some leaves and trees all at their most pleasant moment in time   too bad that stage won't last nearly as long as it should, with colors changing to the highest and brightest   winter is going to be brutal, and i'm staying indoors all this winter "
went out to see a longtime friend tonight  we sat in the <propfemale> garden for the better part of two and a half hours gabbing away  it was nice  we've decided we need to get out more often like tonight   i certainly enjoyed myself   there were all these things that have happened since we last talked and got together--hopefully we'll get together long before there are as many things to talk about as there were tonight 
"my mom and i were talking a couple of days, and i was telling her about an acquaintance who died  she's been a con-goer herself, and the person who died was familiar to her  i told her you know you're getting old when people keep dying around you that you know  it doesn't make me want to <propfemale> each day on its own merits, but it sure as hell gets my attention!"
i need to stay away from the polls   they're making my blood run and my fingers type!
"wtf?  this year is going by so fast!  to say nothing of the five days of summer, the slightly overlong spring, and now, a prolonged autumn, with some winter-like temperatures!  it's going to be in the low to mid forties tonight!  i'm already quite cold, and with no heat until after the first of november "
doctors' appointments today--two of them!  gonna be gone most of the afternoon 
"it's 20 to 6 a m  and i still am not going to sleep   i will eventually, though, i hope "
why would today be a hard one on my sinuses?  allergies are kicking my ass!
"spaghetti, with homemade sauce,just like the old days!  smile   it came out good with ground turkey instead of beef  i gave some to <propmale>  he usually likes what i cook    i used to cook for family and friends when we used to have gatherings  i never learned to cook for one  <propmale> only cooks for himself (or two, when his mom was alive), so he doesn't understand why i make something in abundance and freeze it "
happy samhain to all!  may your stories of the departed bring you joy and peace 
"i've been having trouble with my firefox, with constant freezing, but the interface in e playful lorer is a heckuva lot better   if anyone knows why firefox is messing up, let me know!"
"mulling the potentials of a multiverse   that any decision we have made or will make becomes its own reality   that  at certain times during the year,  we can come close to whichever world is adjacent to our own, and either derive decisions based on the goings-on in that otherworld  or even become aware of them "
it honestly looks like it's going to snow   yikes!  it's too damned early to snow!
"great quote i saw just now: \give a man a fish and he will eat for a day; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish \"""""
"try this diet! take your favorite food and eat it  eat it until it's coming out your ears  eat it until there's no room left in your home with the space it takes, and then, when the thought of another ounce makes you sick, toss it out  don't buy anymore  imagine just how sick of it you are, and what you wouldn't give for a salad  you might have gained a few lbs , but then you'll be in the clear, and that's good!  smile "
"question for everyone--this question came from <propfemale> boyle's videos, and it's one to mull over: name 5 people (dead or alive) who you would have to a dinner party  my five: pz myers, the historic jesus, fdr, <propmale> <propfirst>, macgyver (the character, not <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>)  yours?"
"religious extremists?  yes, in the flesh--and on these shores: http annoyed  rawstory com 2009 11 evangelist-religious-trawling-assassins "
"okay, so now you know  i'm bored   i'm going to go watch some tv    smile "
"to all my friends--have an excellent thanksgiving, and even if it's only a smidge of things to be thankful more, it's still better than nothing!  so enjoy your dinner, wherever you go, and take it easy on seconds!  of course, if you can have some turkey to take home, go for it--sandwiches a couple of days after the \big day\"" are often even better than the thanksgiving day itself """
"okay, truth time:  how many of you northeasters would kill to be in a warm place right now, and how many of you southwesters would kill to see snow right about now?  oh, and what about the rest of you: snow or sun?"
what the heck are you still doing up?  the night belongs to us innsomniacs!
"anyone want an easy $1m?  prove that esp and other paranormal things are real--incontrovertibly--and <propfirst> <propfemale> will hand you a check for $1m   fact: in all the time that he's been offering it, no one has been able to prove anything "
"how it can all change so quickly   but it can't change unless you want it to, in your own little world   the world, otoh, can't wait for those who hesitate--too many want things to change, and those that don't, try to stop those who do "
"happy holidays to everyone!  we really need to have xmas in july when it's still warm out  close everything down on november 1, and hibernate until march 1  for the world down under, they can hibernate from about jun 15 until september 15  it would work, i think, and i know people like me wouldn't feel like we were freezing to death  (this doesn't apply to parts of the world where it never gets cold )"
"itchy skin, from both winter drying and allergies,   it's tiring to be scratching that much!"
"i've gone back to the picture of jean-luc   it's been almost a year since i lost him, and i miss him terribly "
a happy and healthy new year to all of you!
"ever wonder when you see a celebrity e playful ressing an emotion outside of working, whether that person is really in that emotional state, or if they are still acting, because they believe the world wouldn't approve of their real emotional state, or couldn't accept it? do performers really hide their true selves because they believe others can make or break them otherwise?"
"trek people!  quick question   having a discussion with someone about trek, as they said all in the family was far more influential than trek, because over the course of all series and films there was never a gay person and there was on all in the family    that has to be wrong!  anyone have any proof otherwise?  and the trill episode with <propfemale> can't be counted, nor the episode when dax is all the daxes "
"winter sucks   at least for me   the cold bothers me, the wind bothers me and i have little energy   i can't wait for spring to be here!"
"i'm quitting for the night, i think   i'll save the world tomorrow if it isn't destroyed tonight              smile "
my version of the 7 dwarfs:  sleazy creepy easy slimey gropey slutty and horny just another one of my dumb lists 
it's time   goodnight 
"well, it looks as though it's all over for massachusetts   we are now, unofficially and unfortunately, purple   how the commonwealth of massachusetts could elect such--garbage--is beyond me   (this is based on unofficial returns being counted )"
"can you believe, with all of the games, quizzes and networking, i could actually be bored?  yeppers!"
http annoyed  www nytimes com 2010 01 20 education 20teacher html
"i think i need to start doing some work soon  i finally got all my extraneous crap--er, files--off the computer so that i can now work with ps and <propmale>  the one problem with <propmale> is how slow the damned rendering is, so you can grab a shower, a good massage and even dinner before a good file finishes up  but i lear   ned a lot about it over the years, and can tell a good design even as you look at it in wireframe "
there must be something going around!  i'm miserable!  (more miserable days than good days--must reverse that!)
"this alien craft lands in the parking lot at the creationist museum   two of them get out, look around, get back into their ship and prepare to leave  <propmale> ham runs out and waves at the ship  the same 2 aliens get out, and ham asks who are they and why are they there  they talk with each other, shrug their shoulders, and say, \our mistake--we were looking for intelligent life  there obviously isn't any here \"""""
canadians are smarter than americans   they've known for a very long time what to do with fundies   they drown them: that's why it's called the bay of fundy  duh!
"status update!  i just wanted to call out to my friends in the mid-atlantic (and wherever inland) who have been pummeled with a blizzard   it hasn't come this far north yet, so i just wanted to make sure everyone is okay and managing to stay warm "
"<propfirst> murtha has died at age 77   rip, sir "
"life is too short for optimists, and too long for pessimists   i have no idea of which category i fall into, but right about now, it's a little too long,"
"for me, writing is not the most crucial part of my story telling--that happens later  instead, i have to become submerged in an invisible world that only i can see, a place where my reality becomes the fantasy, and the fantasy becomes my reality  if i can't feel, see, touch, hear and comprehend this imaginary world; if i can't be part of the world i'm creating, i have failed to become a true author of fiction "
"back--sort of   i got windows up and running, but my file manager seems to think i only have a 35gb hard drive, and that half of it is already used  so the damned thing can't figure out it's about 120gb short of a brain   eh!  someday    someday    "
"bummed out--the oral surgeon couldn't pull my teeth today   i never, ever thought there would be a day when i was actually looking forward to the dentist's office   i just wanted it to be all over with, something i now have to postpone for even longer!"
"i'm turning into an owl   i slept all day until 3, and now it's almost 3 am, and of course, i can't sleep   it could be those brownies i had a couple of hours ago "
"last night was a very interesting dream night  (or rather this morning was )  two fully detailed dreams with an incredible amount of information   i'm going to describe them to my notes area, because they are still fresh in my mind, and because you really can't write them out on the wall "
"if i could improve fb, the 2 things i would do:  smilies, which we use everywhere else to give a little emotion to our posts, and  allow us to edit our posts to some degree, especially for those  typos we all make on occasion   i guess one of the disadvantages of that would be that there might be too much thought going into a post, and there would be less posting   thankfully, we're not killing trees on here!"
will winter never go away?  i'm certainly done with it!
"anyone interested in school of wizardry game?  i don't want anyone to feel obligated to getting into it, so before i get too involved in something like this, i thought it would be better to ask first, get involved later   just let me know soon "
"ugh   just had a tooth pulled   one of the crowns on a back tooth broke off completely, dentist had to take it out in two pieces   and it gets better--there is the last tooth in the back which also had a broken off crown, and the dentist said that one is going to be far worse to remove!  i dunno--maybe i should have them all yanked out and get false ones!"
"well, the pain level is down, but the jaw is visibly swollen, and it's hot to the touch   i've been getting a little worried about how i'll be after the second broken tooth is pulled   it's the tooth in the far back, and it's going to be even more difficult to pull out "
"i watched a couple of the old 1950s tv show, one step beyond  when i was very young, i recall watching one episode, where a child is taken care of by what we've come to know as bigfoot, and how he is never actually seen, and i was so frightened by it, i never watched it again  i'm gonna try to make up for it, by watching more episodes!"
"tooth update: it was all right yesterday, until very late, but there was a lot more pain in it today   so i took something for the pain and slept awhile, and while it's not 100%, i feel a little better   this is going to take some time, unfortunately "
"i;m falling asleep at the keyboard, so i'll say goodnight "
"it's 8:49 here, and i just checked my email   strangely, i have a piece of mail with a time stamp of 9:12   curious "
"something has to be wrong when people are dropping like flies, and i know nothing about it until way later  like one of my bosses, who died 3+ years before i heard about it, or a friend who died 10 months earlier, about which i knew nothing, or even a fandom friend from years ago who died 6 months ago  i know i can't possibly know everything, but i thought the internet stuff was supposed to make communication easier!"
"very late   i'm tired   did lifting tonight that kind of wore me out   but i got a last <propmale> this time around to see my uncle and aunt before they head back to <propfemale> scotia, or to newfoundland, whichever they decide to head to   it was an absolutely perfect day, weatherwise "
it seriously makes me frustrated to not be able to type more than 420 characters in the status box   i wonder if someone has formed a group yet to demand more real estate in the status area?  i'll join right away!
"it's time for me to let <propmale> get some fresh air, and open up the windows after a very cold and cruel winter   delenn doesn't care about the outside world, just as long as i feed her heaping amounts of food  (she's hyperthyroid, so very little of it sticks to her)   (they're both furbabies, in case anyone wondered   see them in my photos if you want )"
"i'll go back to my regularly scheduled profile picture after \a\"" week is over   smile """
"kitten season     i wish to hell that people would get their pets spayed and neutered, instead of dropping them off at the pound when they have too many of them, or abandon them if they move   i hate people who don't understand a pet is for life, not a toy you toss out when you're bored with it "
"i'm going out!  while that sounds a bit over-enthusiastic, it's a gorgeous day, and the winter was long and painful, and it's in the 70s today!  so i'm going out for awhile to enjoy the beautiful temperatures we've got "
"spent the better part of the day going thru mp3s and creating a playlist  problem was my 2nd external hd, which has most of my music on it, kept failing to be seen by 'puter  had to figure out why, and to get both the mp3 player and 2nd hd both available at the same time  seems two of my damned usb cables are bad, so tomorrow--oops, today, when it's light time--i have to go in search of    other cables "
"i could go for a pizza right about now   green peppers and onions, yummmm        with a nice side salad, iced tea and something light for dessert "
"it's sad--checking out the obituaries to find out if your relatives are dead   my sil lost correspondence with her siblings years ago, and we've been trying to trace them down   she is only 1 of 9, and has kept in touch with only 2, and one of those is gone  by checking an obituary database, she has found two more have died, one in 2003, and the other in 2004 "
"spent yesterday and the latter half of saturday doing a reinstallation of vista, which, btw, i despise  i lose data everytime the system crashes   aggravating pos! i'm glad i managed to do a complete backup of everything up to the 1st crash, but this one hit me so quickly, i couldn't react in time  so, a loss of about 2 months' work, which isn't as bad as it could have been  time to make contingency plans, i think!"
"for the last few years,  i have stayed out of the fray over the harp seals in newfoundland   i do so at peril with my opinion, i know, but i have reasons--most of them are relatives   my aunt and uncle reside in st  <propfirst>'s, newfoundland, and my uncle is a fisherman (now retired)   and from what he has told me, as usual, there are two sides to the story "
"i can't physically handle the winter like i once used to, but i was thinking right now about how beautiful the landscape looks in the light of a full <propfemale>, bouncing on the white snow and illuminating a place just from the reflection   it's one of the prettiest sights one can remember from a childhood (or adulthood!) long past "
"could someone intelligent (all my friends are smart!) e playful lain to me why in the name of heaven and hell are the kardashian sisters, especially <propfirst>, famous?  they have no talent, their father is very <propmale>, so they can afford any kind of plastic surgery they want to enhance their shell, but they don't seem to have much inside worthy of being praised over   so why exactly are they famous?"
<propmale> hates engelbert humperdinck   is that one of the signs of the apocalypse?
"i have been spending lots of time lately watching old episodes of <propfirst> <propmale>  i like seeing how women used to dress then  i cannot believe i might have had to wear a dress! it's certainly interesting how women look so much older than they are, simply because of their hairstyle, or because they're wearing pearls, or whatever  and hats! hats were definitely big, and we're not talking baseball caps!"
"friend <propmale> took me to dinner tonight for my birthday (which was yesterday)   great meal at bertucci's--anyone else addicted to their gorgeous little rolls, and their dipping oil?  heaven would never taste as good!  he also bought me a couple of books (one on cape <propfemale>, my favorite part of mass , and the other, a book on the best of food in mass ), and chocolate   i enjoyed myself tremendously!"
"jury duty  almost got to 1st step on 1 trial, but the one just before got the nod  stuck til 1 anyhow  headache coming on  need more than muffin and gatorade in me "
"back from jury duty! i have finished my civic duty for another 3 years   i did end up serving on a trial, though it was likely one of the shortest assault and battery trials ever  from opening statements to end of trial was about 2 1 2 hours, with only 3 witnesses, including the victim   extra time was taken up by a translator--without that need, it could have been even shorter! glad it's over with, though!"
"i've been watching episodes from <propfirst> <propmale>, intent on seeing as many of them as possible  there is one thing that really gets to me, and that is the casual attitude towards smoking   every character seems to smoke, even the otherwise glamourous women--i think of what all the clothes must have smelled like   what a difference a half century makes!"
"it's only may, and we've got the entire spectrum of weather   from 90 one day, to mid 40s a couple of days before or after, it's obvious--to some of us at least!--that our weather has gone bonkers   we need to make changes sometime soon, or we will all be subjected to even more crazy weather!"
"what's next? i'm not even sure i know the questions anymore, so certainly the answers are equally murky   we need to start at the beginning again, and look for the questions all over again "
"so disappointed!  i got through the 1st season of <propfirst> <propmale> episodes, and was looking forward to watching more, and i can't find them!  they're not listed at cbs com, and while i've tried other resources, it doesn't seem likey're around \\i find them an excellent comment on society in the 1950s, and how much we've changed over the past 60 years "
"so disappointed!  i got through the 1st season of <propfirst> <propmale> episodes, and was looking forward to watching more, and i can't find them!  they're not listed at cbs com, and while i've tried other resources, it doesn't seem likey're around \\i find them an excellent comment on society in the 1950s, and how much we've changed over the past 60 years "
"i've become a zombie with so little sleep  i think i got an hour last night  i have an appointment at 11, so that creates a bit of drama for me   \\i have to have my finger worked on  damned trigger finger, left index finger  it hurts bending it, it hurts straightening it out  the whole hand is into a bad phase with arthritis and other problems already, this is just another problem to add to the pile "
"tomorrow: day surgery   my finger is going to be released from ever getting swollen again--at least that's what the story is   at my age, and i've never had any kind of surgery before!  i've had angioplasties, but that's considered a \minimally invasive procedure \"" wish me luck!"""
"put this on your status if you know, or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"at foxwoods, and po'ed--the bus down to here was sold out, and no one was apologizing   <propmale> came to the rescue and drove me down   otherwise, i would have missed the concert  i'm taking pain pills for my hand, and i'm very, very sleepy "
"it's almost 6 smile 0--i've managed to keep busy for most of the day   still a bit drowsy, but i'll manage at this point  once the concert starts, the adrenaline rush will keep me going   i've memorized enough lyrics to enjoy singing a bit, but listening to him should be more fun \\gonna go--going to find the ice cream before the concert begins  it's mostly dinner, but since i ate at 3, i think of it as more of dessert "
"i tried to catch up today to some things, but i was too tired, too sore, and too spaced out   perhaps today will be different "
"yikes   updates   it's already wednesday a m  and tuesday passed so fast, i felt like our friend in time machine (my <propmale> <propmale> <propfirst>)   i get to relax for awhile today, thank goodness, but i'll be back to paying attention to a schedule on thursday   my tivo still isn't set up, and my tv remote still needs to be fixed   i hope that changes very soon!"
"hi to all my new friends!  i hope i manage to keep you interested in many things that i talk about through my posts   feel free to ask me questions, answer questions, or just wish everyone a good day \\oh, and that goes for all my old friends as well!   laugh   never let it be said that i was weak, demure or shy!"
"it's been hot, and i've been partially miserable   i turned the a c on, though it was done kicking and screaming--how could it be so hot so early?  i have become a night owl to escape the worst of the heat, so i have a feeling i will continue to do so   what happened to spring?"
"has anyone ever wondered why not all people are into some of the things that the rest of us find so compelling? i know people have to have distractions--but when i see so many following the likes of limbaugh, hannity, beck, and so many other hatemongers, and then not even showing an interest to refuting what is said, i get this queasy feeling that all is lost in the world that patents hate, and destroys so much good "
"hope everyone had a great memorial day! we spent the day enjoying the newport area of rhode island, in little compton and tiverton  it was a peaceful trip, and i got to sit at the beach and meditate for a short while   being to the beach brings a renewed sense of wonder, and makes me remember that, while things might be bad sometimes, i have within me the ability to change things, even if i have to do it slowly "
"i have found, through many different adventures, that there are things which are more important than mundania, like trying to put into words the sense that we are a very <propfemale> part of a universe so vast it's inconceivable, and the thought that there are other living, sentient beings \out there\"" which makes me feel so much awe  \",a95d123f7c698a9dd3820552f9a0ad2d,"right about now, i would give almost anything for the perfect massage   get the knots out, get my shoulders back in order, and keep the pain from coming again in my upper and lower back "
"had a big toe attack today!  a wee bit of an infection, taken care of by a good doctor   sorry, i won't be allowing any toe sucking for awhile, i'm afraid! ;-d"
"thunderstorm coming up!  the winds are high, with completely overcast skies   these storms don't last a long time, and i suspect they will be over quickly   <propmale> is in with me, which is good, cause he is afraid of thunder "
"to all the fathers out there: wishing you a great day with wonderful gifts, breakfast in bed, and all your sports games on tv   suck it up, though, because after all that, things are going back to normal, with snot-nosed brats interrupting you repeatedly, a wife who regains mastery of the family, and a wet dog's nose on your face   come on--admit it--it's worth every minute of it all, 24 7 365 "
"it's raining   i hope it takes away some of the humidity   i have an appt  today, and it would be nice to not have to deal with rain "
put?this?on ?your ? status ? if ? you ? know ?someone ? who ? has ?or ?had?cancer ?all ? i ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ?cure  ?93% ?won't? copy ?& ? paste ? this  ? will ? you? for? just ? one ?hour?
"friday   it doesn't matter to me at all, but it means something to many others   when i got off the beaten track, i rejoiced, but i certainly remember what it meant psychologically to me--the end of a week, a few days to do whatever i pleased, a respite from labor   noone to command my time, and noone to demand my strength   it's that day again!"
"daily show guest is author of \absence of mind\"" by marilynne (?) robinson about religion and science not excluding each other   she appears very nervous """
"there is a vast difference at the present, when half of all voters see things one way, and the other half is almost 100% to the other viewpoint   what caused our nation to come to such odds?  and why is it that there can be no compromise?"
"friday   the heat is back, and i think i will likely stay in the a c to stay cool   it's difficult to do much else, since the heat zaps all my energy!  hope everyone tries to stay cool!"
"a thank you to all my new friends here on facebook--it's great to have so many people here i can now discuss many philosophical issues with!\\and an extra special kudos to all my old friends, because you are tolerant and open-minded!"
"<propfemale> wanted my dinner, but i'm tired of her messing up the bed,\so i put the plate on the floor so she wouldn't mess up the bed, and eat it on the floor   well, she finally got the idea to go on the floor and eat   except she had a small chunk of meat in her mouth, and jumped on the bed to eat it!  i always knew she had a higher iq than me!"
"it's heaven here in this room: an a c running on low, with a fan on low as well, spreading coolness around   i can deal with it!"
"a very, very happy birthday to the heroine of magucal fiction, <propfemale> rowling!  <propfemale> turns 45 today   (or rather, 7 31, not 8 1)"
"hot and humid   there was a little breeze earlier, but when i came home, i was wiped out   hmmm    could be the 2 1 2 hours shopping at target   that might have made me tired!"
"children should not be e playful ected to gain any real wisdom while they are in school  life needs to be lived in order to understand some things, like philosophy, politics, and law  school can equipt them with the tools to understand, but it can't give them the e playful erience to have insight into very adult circumstances "
"time flies  it's hard to get a good sense of long-ranged thoughts and goals when you can't even remember what day of the week it is! it can mess you up when you need to go to appointments during the week  and except for trash day, it all blurs into one great cycle separated somehow into 24 hour days "
gawd! i can't stand <propfemale> palin!!!!  her voice alone sends chills down my back!! **shivers**
scramble players wanted!
"have you ever noticed that some people talk about the same things over and over, like they just don't have any idea of things outside their own purview? either that, or they're so stuck on a subject (often themselves) that they can't understand why anyone would want to talk about anything else?"
"some writing fun!  two entries for bulwer-lytton from me   i couldn't resist   i've been wanting to do this for years \\i've separated them into individual comments--the only way to get around the limitation fb has on initial posts "
http annoyed  www funnyforwards co cc funny-george-bush 
death and taxes    are they really the only two things we can be sure of?
"i walked a lot yesterday   downhill   for most people, it would be a breeze   for me, more like torture   i ache everywhere   it probably negated all the gentle exercises i've been doing   i need my car back on the road again  not sure i can afford it, though "
"swimming today   the water is more conducive to me to gain strength in my legs   i know i shouldn't overdo it while i'm in the water, though: last time, my legs and arms were quite sore after the day was done "
a new nickname for the <propfemale> of idiocy: failin' bailin' palin 
"time travel is not only possible, it's also likely  i believe hawking said that it wasn't possible, because if it were, we would see time travelers  but i refute that  if you went into your past and changed something, you wouldn't be changing your world, but one parallel to your own, instantaneously created by you at that moment  your world remains intact  i will write a note on this <propfemale> to e playful lore it further "
"ever notice that, while most businesses in this country have shifted to a more casual dress, that suits are mainly prevalent in such areas as car sales and funeral homes?"
"a silly little piece that i remembered from a very long time ago   for my trek and sf friends, mainly  i had to be about 11, and i used to write poems  so one day, i wrote a poem about space   actually, i wrote a lot of poems about space, but lest i digress    \\the poem is likely gone forever, but i will always remember the first line: <propfemale>, are you sirius?  <propfemale> <propfemale> "
"long day   did more than i should have, but it was pleasant   i think it's been the first time, since 1985, that i was actually at nantasket beach, because the last time i was there, was close to when paragon park was razed   not much left of the old days, i'm afraid "
"can't stay awake!  exhaustion from yesterday, or just plain fatigue?  wish i knew for sure "
"wednesday! grim realization: there is absolutely nothing to watch on tv during the day, unless you are a 10 year old, or an over 60 year old   for the rest of us,  watching a clothes dryer would be more exciting "
"so the nutcase far right tea party candidate won in delaware--do you think she has a choice against the not-so-nutty democrat?  let's talk about the political choices of the far right, and shed some light on whether the us has gone bar downhill toward extinction, or if the majority of voters in the country are smart enough to keep us from falling into the abyss!"
<propfirst> takei doing sharp quattro commercials      
"i love the spring and autumn equally  one goes from dead to life, the other from life to death  or does it?  can't we see the world in fall simply falling asleep, and rising in spring to greet the day anew?"
"my brief review of the new hawaii five-0 follows--the only way i can get around the posting length restrictions in \statuses!\"""""
"my <propfirst> is dead  i am without transportation, probably permanently  life sucks "
"since there are so many wonderful animal related causes going on in october, i propose we make all of october \be kind to animals\"" month!  anyone with me on this one?"""
"dreary, wet and dark   my soul is alive, though, with thoughts of yesteryear, and of long gone days when my soul was lighter and free of the pain of getting old   old friends who return to the hearth and home--the circle becomes complete "
"saw legends of the guardians today   well, i went to see it, at least  of course, i wasn't prepared to find myself falling asleep about 1 2 into it, and then waking up for the last 1 2 hour   i'm not sure why i fell so asleep, but since there were only two others in the theater watching it, at least i know i wasn't bothering anyone!"
"i grew up in the 60s and 70s, where individuality was encouraged, so i have to wonder, why is it that so many kids nowadays want to simply disappear into the background, instead of proudly bearing their own banner of uniqueness?  can we talk about it?"
"melancholia  one of the best days to be outside, but no strength to enjoy it   bade the <propfirst> goodbye today, handing the title to the garage--took anything left in it to save  *sad*"
"friday   i paid for my being outdoors yesterday, by sleeping half the day away   i did make a commitment for tomorrow to go swimming, so i will be happy to get out for that   i can exercise in the water without bothering my back, and just to get to do something that i truly enjoy  yay "
"to the pool today  i don't really swim, i guess--i float on my back, and use my arms to get from one end of the pool to the other  in between, i did exercises to help strengthen my legs   my back was in pain a m , so it good to help get the stress off it  \\hoping that i make it to the pool more often  it had been doing wonders before i got an ear infection, but i'm hoping for a fresh start!"
"i must confess: i thought today was saturday or monday, though not sunday   it's pretty much the state of affairs when you're in 24 7 and can't relate to anything outside   even tv--with syndicated shows on other channels, you could definitely get confuse   that's my story, and i'm sticking to it!"
"so, it's really monday today!  we're going out to look at the foliage, if there is anything other than the brown dead leaves we've been having for a while now \\i can't help, though, to be sad--it was just such an occasion when the day after my little <propfemale> managed to get out of the house, and disappeared forever   rest easy, my little <propfemale>   i miss you   ????"
"philosophical question: the whole world has a wide variety of cultures, and definitions of what is good  so how can a god be a god for all people? which definition of \good\"" does the \""god\"" follow? or does such a god make allowances for different cultures", and hold people to their own definitions of good and bad?\a95d123f7c698a9dd3820552f9a0ad2d,"if fundies are god's chosen people, their god isn't anyone i'd want to know!!!  can you imagine what their heaven would be like?  yikes!   wink "
"today, i found out what many already know: limewire is dead  d-e-a-d   i'm going to miss it!  sad "
"today the mall, washington, dc   i'm not there, but i am watching it on comedy central, live   i'm kind of glad--i wouldn't be a whole lot of help there, and i wouldn't be able to stand up for any length of time   this is a much preferred viewpoint   wink "
corbomite???  that is a direct reference to <propfemale> trek!
vet today  delenn is gearing up for her radioactive treatment next week  i hope it works out well  i can't wake up anymore to a cat yowling for food!
things aren't as bad as they could have been regarding the election   but people are going to learn pretty fast what some of the newly elected liars believe   and it ain't gonna be pretty  
"it looks like palin is going ahead to run for the presidency  oh my   is that a gift, or a curse?"
"has anyone ever noticed that on occasions where homo sapiens tries to move a step further in evolution by becoming more pacifistic, we are launched into another round of conflicts somewhere in the world?  i think there is so much money earned by the wealthy during times of war, that they are often the ones in control of the private sector or military sector that has the power to go in and run a war  it's sick "
"the seeds of this depression lay in the hands of <propfirst> <propfemale>  the only responsible way to deal with this is to make sure the name of <propfirst> raygun dies aborning on the lips of his right-winged admirers, as the rest of us make sure they can never canonize that bastard  while gwb will go down in history as the worst president the us has ever had, i'd like to see rr follow right behind him into the bowels of hell "
"since when did allergies become so miserable?  if i had tried any harder, my eyes and nose would have wiped clear out of my head   time to take more allergy meds!"
"a happy thanksgiving to all, whether you celebrate or not!  regardless of where you are in the world, we almost all have something to be grateful for, and we should give thanks for it--voicing thanks outloud often makes us see it that more clearly "
"winter is cold--very, very cold      brrrrrrrrrrrr "
"i've been trying to rearrange my schedule to sync it up with most everyone else, but it's hard to do it   after you've grown used to a 4 am to noon sleep cycle, you can't easily get back to midnight to 8 am!"
"british friends--i had a dream about leamington spa last night this morning  is there anything odd going on in the cotswolds right now? any reason i should be thinking about the place? i seem to have dreams about places that i would not normally think about otherwise  but it doesn't always happen immediately, so if something pops up, please let me know!"
"a mind is a terrible thing to waste  but sometimes, it's plain to see that i have forgotten more than i ever thought possible  age isn't always the years, but the <propmale> you've traveled  and it's been a very long journey!"
bit of a sore throat and greatly deepened voice   i sound like someone who's been smoking all their lives   hope it's not anything more than a cold!
"finally got my new cell   it's a smart phone with android apps, and it's a bit smaller than most   considering i have smaller hands than most, it fits well for me   it takes a little while to get used to the on-screen keyboard, but i'll get the job done!"
"i have found my true purpose in life, finally! i am a human snot machine! yep, folks--today alone i must have produced at least several quarts of the stuff: i also know, as a result, why we only use about 25% of our brains for thinking and autonomic function   the rest is hooked right into our sinuses, producing legions of the snot produced therein "
"a question for the <propmale>ists: when did you reach a point where you could share your <propmale> with others? \\i'm not a painter--but i've been a photographer for many years & digital <propmale>ist  i know i have a decent eye when i am inspired, but i'm not sure i can share it  i don't get the kind of feedback i need, so i hold back  what do you do--go out into the world regardless or study more until you have it <propfirst>?"
"one would think that after a full week and slightly more, this damned cold allergies would have gone away by now, but alas and alack, i'm still stewing in my own juices  it's not even funny at this point--i'm almost out of tissues, though i have plenty of toilet paper, and i wouldn't even let my worst enemy (or <propmale> cheney, whoever is nastier) go out in the weather to get me more!"
"without laptop today  it won't boot for me  if anyone knows a way to get me up and running again without having to wipe the hard drive, i would appreciate it "
"hey everyone, i think i found a new job for <propfirst> olbermann  oprah winfrey has her own network now, so she might be looking for someone to host a show for her  share this with othersi if you think it is a! worthwhile effort "
bad news on the computer sidde--another shot laptop  how often do others of you need to replace yours? someone told me i go through them too often 
state of the union address    are you watching? obama is on a roll  check in if you're watching!
"how do you know if you've broken a bone? somehow i wrenched my leg this morning, but i kept it up and now it's worse than it was earlier  it's probably strained, i suppose,  because i can put some weight on it, but not a lot "
"i'm very very cold   it's 4 am, and no oil  i put in a call to get some, but i have to wait til morning  i have a small heater, but we three have to wing it "
"how not to lose weight: don't let a stomach bug tell you if you should eat something or not  your stomach will be lying to you! get something to eat, now!"
can someone--with some seriousness (obsequiousness aside)--tell me how anyone can believe a word out of <propmale> beck's mouth? you would have to be nuts!
"imagine a time traveler from the past dropped in the middle of cairo right now  they might drop dead from shock, but armageddon would surely be on their mind!"
"omg  i finally am online again--for real! the new laptop is a lot more sophisticated than the old one   and i have a \p\"" again--the old one had fallen off the keyboard  and now i don't have to type on a small window  on my cellphone  which i can't knock--it kept me sane for the last two weeks """
how many insomniacs are among you? i didn't sleep at all last night--no joke--and it's about the third time in the past two weeks where i went without sleep for about 36 hours   i will be up now today all day and it's a long day between now and 6 surprise 0 when i get home 
"so, ummm   got my eye exam today, and with some bad news   not horrific, but i'm beginning to show signs of diabetic retinopathy   no real loss of sight yet, but i have to see doc in 3 months   we're going to have to watch it closely   as i am a writer and photographer, i consider myself a visual person, so if it gets worse, i'm going to be at a loss to know what to do "
"ever get an ear worm for a song you haven't even heard for many years?  this evening's ear worm was stewball, from <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>   i had to listen to it on youtube before i could stop hearing it in my ear!"
"for those dog lovers among you, a note about the westminster dog show, which just ended   the best in show aware went to ascottish deerhound!  the other 6 group winners were:"
"help! second night of no sleep--i hate this! if i slept at all, it was for about an hour, <propmale>  this crap gets old very quickly, and i'm a chronic sufferer  too hot, too cold, too wired, too--well, let's say i will try to find a mallet and hot myself over the head if i thought it could help me go sleepy land "
home  falling asleep--big difference from 3 days of insomnia when i could have been happy to be truly drowsy 
"if anyone cares, cbs fired <propfirst> sheen "
"ever become so bored with things in general that you want to actually do something like cleaning or organizing?  i have a whole house to do, but i never quite get to it!"
"omg--i'm an addict! i've spent the past 4 hours on a hidden object game  these things are deadly to all human beings  i swear if a country wanted to avoid war, it might be a good thing to have their forces play hidden object games, and make the opposition play it too "
"omg--a miracle has happened!!! can you believe, with all the news about nuclear reactors, tea party poopers, libya, yemen, kids who speak to god, and all the rest of the news fit to line your birdcage with, i haven't heard even a peep out of anyone on that guy--you know the one: **whispering** <propfirst>  wow  winning!!"
"i don't knkow why fb changed things, but you can no longer type paragraphs!!! if you hit the return key, it closes your post   it sucks!!! we need to air our complaints regarding this!!"
