49b13faffecd9f9c76b802c4732fea1f
wants to know why everything happens all at once 
imagines all the people living for today 
"was just told not to bother coming into work because we're closing early    there goes time and a half, plus i just showered and got dressed for work "
never realized how bad stan'ilan pot holes were til she spent so much time off them 
"served <propmale> chapelle today, and didn't even realize it at first   she kids you not "
has no internet until the 29th 
"has no internet until the 5h, contact via cell phone "
"has internet!!  yes, comcast came on time "
is afraid to turn on her tv because she might lose the internet if she does so 
cannot sleep 
us going to ussba nationals with <propmale> zaccheo  smile 
sometimes feels her life is anything but normal 
is looking at pictures and realizes she misses friends from home  sad 
wants to know if anyone can actually see the meteors yet 
loves her lambda fam  smile 
"starting to pack up and hit the road, after many many plans gone wrong "
is in serious need of a good cuddle   
could sleep all day 
"is watching an infomercial she's never seen before with <propfirst> mays in it    oh <propfirst> mays, you may be gone but your legacy isnt "
[finally] got new para!
doesn't know what to do with herself now that the semester is done 
just did all her holiday shopping in less than two hours  ftw
is on staten island   til the 28 or 29 
had a glorious drive back to towson with the beatles[remastered in mono] and a very well behaved <propfemale>  smile 
misses her sisters  love 
"understands why people's statuses are colors, but wants to know how it originated   "
is off to see two friends get hitched! (and also going to the first wedding in her adult life-scary!)
is takin care of business 
had a fabulous night at work 
is in love: http annoyed  www converse com ?csid=439# products collections music 114955f
is letting all coffee-holics know that starbucks will be closed tomorrow 
"is making baked ziti, sauce from scratch, thank you  smile "
"needs a ride to work tomorrow, my apt complex hasnt plowed the lot   what is she paying for then?"
"dear facebook, please stop changing your homepage every 6 months  kthanks "
really wants to go to the gym 
"wants some warm weather, not for lack of snow, but for open windows and fresh air in her apt "
is having chicarina soup because she's homesick 
has a computer with no operating systme   windows crashed or something of the sort   so cellphone is the only way to get in touch with her 
is very thankful that windows did not crash!
has had a wonderfully relaxing day consisting of 7 hours of reading 
"is trying to remind herself that everything happens for a reason, and things usually work themselves out at some point   god works in mysterious ways "
"spring09 still oh so fine!  happy lambdaversary ls's: yina aparicio, <propfemale> polo-sherk, <propfemale> k, and <propfemale> turcios  love "
just stepped outside while at the library and her computer logged her off and she lost all her work  f this    is there a point in trying to restart at this hour?
will send an sos to the world 
has alot of thinking to do
"is feeling very warm and fuzzy on her one year lambdaversary! thank you linesisters, pm <propfemale> febres, apm <propfemale> ingram, and <propfemale> goodwin for being there every step of the way with me, through thick and thin!"
is considering getting some food and then studying until she falls asleep   opinions?
"is home, sweet home, and usa has an svu marathon on- ftw!"
"has a conspiracy theory going on right now: laptop won't start, phone didn't receive texts, desktop didnt have internet, then wouldnt shut down, and now aim is freezing   i am not supposed to be communicating with anyone today, apparently "
"is sitting outside and reading, its too beautiful a night not to "
thinks there is nothing like the satisfaction of finishing a good novel 
"has spent the entire weekend nursing a cold, fingers crossed that she is better tomorrow "
is on staten island for the weekend   you know the number 
forgot how much of a necessity water is   
"had a great day, all thanks to her linesisters  smile "
"is telling everyone to come out to debunking the greek myth tonight! 7pm in chesapeake ii, come and find out what you think may not be true!"
wants to see your team win a game in the 20th inning 
"free food, tonight!  7pm in uu308, spanish, italian, asian, and hatian dishes: come taste our culture!"
wants to run away 
is hungry but afraid her stomach is too messed up to eat 
"would like to know where her tax return money is, it was supposed to be in her account 2 weeks ago!"
is confused about the new format for facebook profiles   where did all her information go?!?!
is hoping to have just as good a drive back down to md as she had up to ny 
is running on safe mode with networking  womp 
"likes pina coladas, and gettin caught in the rain "
"had an overall awesome weekend, and it all started with the three tree e playful erience at sinix, awesome show guys "
is living it up til she moves back to ny 
is looking for someone to watch baseball with tonight  
"is so excited, and she just can't hide it!"
is on staten island for the next 10 days 
is going to the mets game tonight!
is excited for convention!!
cannot believe convention starts tonight   we're gonna paint jersey burgundy and gray 
has nothing but love for lta 
"remembers that time heals all wounds, one year has gone by fast   you are loved and missed grandpa, rest in peace "
is excited for an awesome saturday night 
"wants to know why its raining everywhere but baltimore for once, this heat and humidity has gotta stop "
"is going to camden yards for the first time, ever "
"'s account may have been phished, just a warning if anyone has a link from her "
"cannot find the charger for her camera, so sad "
"is going to try to avoid facebook for the rest of the day until she watches the game at 10pm with <propfirst> barnes iii, since today's plans have changed a bit "
is falling asleep to the sound of rain   to the sea tomorrow 
is 21 
"is thankful for the birthday wishes, now its time to pack "
"is having a birthday d surprise ver in fell's point tonight, since she is no longer sick "
doesn't wanna go 
can't believe today is the day 
feels kind of weird saying she is home and knowing that she is staying 
is watching <propfemale>'s baby for the first time 
has to get used to this whole 'no right turn on red thing' again 
wants to know where she can find <propfirst> <propfirst>'s coastal wheat on staten island 
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and wisdom to know the difference "
"is going to be in towson tonight, tomorrow, and until early saturday, cell phone is the best way to get in touch "
is so tired 
"misses <propfemale> already, who'da thought?"
"is going to bury herself in words, its the happiest place she knows "
what a perfect night to be on the boardwalk 
weeds tonight! who's watchin with me??
"is going to a brooklyn cyclones si yankees game tonight with the whole family, its good to be on staten island "
got a yob 
"'s future financial status is lookin good, it's about damn time!"
doesn't miss smelling like coffee when she gets off work 
is going to see eatpraylove with su madre 
is happy to have all the powers children under one roof in the same city  love 
is eating leftovers from a seder dinner  l'chai-im!
does not understand how y is sometimes a vowel 
"is saving for a netbook, saving for a netbook, saving for a netbook "
is a gwarrior 
had a really good day at work 
is super excited for a long weekend down in towson 
finds very little use for facebook nowadays 
thinks she is going to have to start watching football just to keep up with the rest of the world on sundays 
"is a natural disaster, she's the last of the american girls "
is restless
"misses <propfemale>, and all the people in it "
in need of some cheer 
"is thoroughly enjoying her new netbook, and finally having her own operating computer again  smile "
rain on broadway tonight  smile 
thinks that life really is what happens while you're busy making other plans 
"so let me get this straight    <propfirst> <propmale> has had 7 divorces, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55-hour marriage, <propfirst> james,tony <propmale> and tiger woods are screwing everything; yet, the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all people!!"
"has been sitting in front of the tv & computer sipping coffee for an hour, its nice to relax "
woooo department of sanitation!
will be in towson in t-minus 24 hours 
"needs more friends on staten island, especially ones that are girls   "
feels like running
saw a bunch of munchkins on the way home and wishes she had some to throw at them
facebook has informed me that there has been a blackout somewhere on staten island within the last 10 minutes  what would we do without smartphones?
sweet gestures warm my heart
"ok, i think today is officially a bad day   but it is my 2 year lambdaversary, and i'd like to remind all my linesisters how much i love them  dont forget pm and apm too  smile "
"wants to know why every other goddamn partner can find coverage, no matter the reason, and when i am bedridden with the flu there is no one   this is ridiculous"
is tired of being left behind  something's gonna change soon   
"so so happy that there is nothing serious wrong with my car, and that its drivable  the way today is going is making up for everything else this week  smile "
satisfying my need for a vacation by heading down to towson on thursday!
