cadf3c21906c754a25d2216c13d44f5b
happy new year  smile 
*sigh*
had a good night  laugh 
is extremely bored      
is sick of this silly survey      
is watching the much delayed episode of <propmale> stone!  laugh 
is excited she finally got ichat to work!  laugh 
is bored of cleaning her closet        
's head hurts        sad 
is admitting defeat     i need a new phone       sad 
's phone is working again!  laugh  !
the thing about magical fixes? they dont last long       sad 
"hahaha <propmale> lythgoe saying \tmi\""  laugh """
 smile 
is enjoying driving the mustang  laugh 
is excited <propmale> finally has a home!  laugh 
had a wonderful weekend  smile 
is getting her wisdom teeth pulled in the morning     meemeemeemee  sad 
is finally going to see <propmale> potter today!  laugh 
hates her chipmunk cheeks  sad 
"is still in pain, but excited for orientation  smile "
is eating spaghetti-o's for the first time in like ten years!  joyful 
is going to reno tomorrow?  annoyed 
off to reno    
is back in vegas  annoyed 
                         
captain crunch + nutella = crazy delicious  laugh 
is really failing with the planning this week  sad 
 laugh  !
is learning how to play guitar with <propfemale>  laugh 
last day at work        annoyed 
had an awesome day  joyful 
 annoyed 
last day in vegas   
only had one class today  smile 
is watching baseball      
needs to admit defeat and go buy an ethernet cable  annoyed 
loved her late night visitors  joyful 
is not loving l a  public transportation     
 laugh 
is failing miserably at doing her homework      
coffee bean =  love 
got mail and taco <propfemale>  smile  yay 
is very sad because she ran out of nutella  sad 
 sad 
football game  smile  woo 
56-3  smile 
loves a cappella  love 
had a good night  smile 
 laugh  and usc game  smile 
18-15  smile 
 laugh   love 
ate her entire dinner with chopsticks tonight due to the severe shortage of forks at parkside  annoyed 
 laugh  !
"feels quite inspired after walking back from class to the sound of the lovely marching band playing \don't stop believing\""  smile """
27-6  smile 
is going hiking  smile 
had fun on the hike and is amazingly still alive!  joyful 
just made an epic photo collage even though she should be studying       annoyed 
is at the library  smile 
just applied for coffee bean  smile  hehehe
just spent over an hour on the treadmill watching baseball  how wonderfully uncharacteristic of her  smile 
<propfemale> chenoweth on glee is  love 
30-3  smile 
is officially done with midterms  laugh 
                      
is in love with the new paramore cd  laugh 
loves the rain!!!!  laugh !!!!!  love !!!!!
is contemplating getting coffee just so she can walk in the rain    again  laugh 
oh no computer! sad face  sad 
is going to be up all night writing this annoying paper on porn *cries*
yay halloween decorating  laugh 
is officially a psychology <propmale>  laugh 
loved pachanga but now hates <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> montenegro > sad  hahaha
yay phone! yay computer! yay cheesecake!  laugh 
42-36  smile 
 annoyed 
coffee bean is love  love 
is intrigued by the dismembered trees being guarded by dps    hehehe
om nom nom nom     nutella!  love 
*sigh*
stupid door  crying 
doesn't understand why <propfemale> day is not a nationally recognized holiday     sadface  sad 
is super excited for the cupcake party!!!!  laugh !!!!!!!
is so bored       and its halloween     so depressing  sad 
is listening to glee while studying for geology  joyful 
has a headache  sad 
still doesn't feel well but at least she aced her second set of midterms!  joyful 
does not appreciate being woken up by the fire alarm    
14-9  smile 
is allergic to geology  annoyed 
"loves the grove, but wishes she wasn't stuck with all this homework now  sad "
is happy her door is fixed  laugh 
despises writing 140 so very very much  sad 
glee always makes everything better  smile 
> sad !
yay!  laugh 
football today  smile 
really?!
only eight more pages of psych reading left    lalalala    
is so beyond frustrated at this point > sad 
is registered for classes    finally    
is excited for the fray concert tonight!!!  laugh 
thought the fray was amazing live!  laugh 
six flags!  laugh 
just slept for thirteen hours  joyful 
two more days  smile 
has perfected her schedule for next semester  joyful 
sushi tonight!  laugh 
going home!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving  smile 
beat the bruins  smile 
28-7  smile 
glee soundtrack = epic road trip music  laugh 
loves all of the christmas decorations in her suite! 3112 is amazing  love 
the bookstore is a dangerous place that makes me spend money and enables my procrastination  annoyed 
loves all-nighters  sarcasm 
is done with writing 140!!!!!  laugh  !!!!!
is done with classes for the semester!  laugh 
westwood invasion!  laugh 
found jesus!
epic study day with sakurako mori and <propfemale> maria     and <propfemale> <propmale> if she decides to wake up  playful 
loves studying with her suite-mates  wink  she appreciates sakurako offering an awesome plan!
loves hot chocolate runs in the rain!  love 
three more days  smile 
this review session is so not helpful       
is enjoying studying at the engineering cafe with sakurako mori  yay for being productive!  smile 
 love   love   love  glee  love   love   love 
going home tonight!  laugh 
is home!!!  laugh  (and made it here on one tank of gas  wink )
<propfirst> franco and muse on snl  woot  smile 
                    
is so tired         sad 
happy christmas o<] smile }-|-<
 smile 
is watching the wizard of oz  laugh 
thinks people should have better things to do than bowl at one in the morning on a weekday  boo  sad 
 smile 
great  now i have to freaking get my car washed before i leave > sad 
is back at usc  annoyed 
oh pete      how could you?  crying 
it's such a beautiful day in la  smile 
four day weekend!  laugh 
sprinkles cupcakes + rainy day =  love 
 smile 
is in love with this crazy rain!  laugh   love 
 love !
 annoyed 
 smile 
just spent twenty minutes naming her baby boy    
ummm     the ceiling is leaking    that's not good    
wants a <propfemale>!  laugh 
hasn't had a full week of class yet    this is nice  laugh 
wishes things would just go as planned     *sigh*
can't sleep  sad 
at least i can look forward to more rain this week    
 crying 
        smile 
mmm    milk tea    soooo delicious  laugh  thank you sakurako mori  love 
mexican train! mexican train! mexican train!!!!  laugh 
oiarhjna iojeahkl;mn erg;i jrlan'aejkr gna;krhj!!!!!!!!
is done with class  time to go back to sleep!  laugh 
midnight trip to trogro    mmmm     ^ ^
yay shopping  laugh 
should really invest in an umbrella and rain boots by now      smile 
's french homework turned into looking up french curse words  laugh 
is beyond excited for this weekend!!!  laugh   love 
 laugh !!!
is so happy!  laugh 
"is sick, but still had an amazing weekend  love "
is living in webb next year!!!  laugh 
note to professor: psychology is not a fourth grade english class  kthx 
is going to stop watching gilmore girls now and perhaps do something productive     really 
is hungry     grr another hour of class before i can eat  sad 
"wednesday is almost over    and thus, my week is almost over  smile "
loves two people who live in 3112b  laugh 
is sore from kickboxing yesterday  annoyed 
guitar midterm    blegghhh    
3 days  love 
home  smile 
feels like lady gaga  wink 
boo  sad 
 sad 
bye  crying 
hates when the vegan food at the lot sounds so promising (curry tofu salad wrap?) and ends up being quite disappointed      sad 
hates this  sad 
*sigh*  sad 
> sad !
 smile 
ahhhhh earthquake  surprise 
has so much flexibility in her schedule (working up to graduation) it's ridiculous       annoyed 
is done stressing about the future    for the moment   annoyed 
loves the rain  laugh 
is so excited for gleeeeeeeee  laugh 
"happy roommate appreciation day, <propfemale> montenegro!  laugh "
is supposed to be writing a poem for french  how am i supposed to write a poem in french when i can't even write one in english?!  annoyed 
 annoyed 
really?! > sad 
yayyyyyyy  laugh 
je ne veux pas étudier <propfemale> français  sad 
je veux dormir maintenant  je n'aime pas se lever tôt   annoyed 
class cancelled due to bomb threat    seriously   annoyed 
is <propfemale> beautiful  laugh 
is <propfemale> driscoll today 
studying at mccarthy quad  smile 
appreciates the <propmale> potter references in her psychology book's test questions  laugh  it makes the studying slightly less miserable   
i'm amazing!  laugh 
is home  smile 
hates vegas wind  sad 
is confused  annoyed 
 sad 
loves <propmale>!  laugh 
*sigh*
 smile 
blegh   
is hungry  sad 
 laugh 
errrgh   
had a lovely coffee lunch date  laugh 
loves the rain  laugh 
 smile 
is hungry  sad 
needs a life    lol
boredom  annoyed 
 annoyed 
annoyed > annoyed 
ughhhhhhh  sad 
wishes this week would just get better       sad 
loves <propfirst>  laugh  he needs to win sytycd
can't sleep  sad 
is off to see eclipse  laugh 
is really really bored  sad 
poor car  sad 
immense depression  d:
is traumatized    
really?!?! really sytycd?!?!?! > sad 
 love 
 annoyed 
 laugh 
ughhh > sad 
> sad 
goodbye vegas  annoyed 
hello l a   smile 
done with the first week of class  laugh 
enjoyed her date with <propfemale> montenegro    zumba and e playful loring the new campus center  laugh 
enjoyed cooking at eating a lovely dinner with sakurako mori and andi hua
loves 3days weekend because i can go crazy at night without worrying about the classes!
spaghetti-os!  laugh 
is loving this gloomy weather  laugh 
loves <propfemale> montenegro 
happy to be done with class for the week  laugh 
successfully cooked a yummy dinner  laugh 
game day  beat the cavs!
thinks that her roommates should let her wash dishes in peace  haha 
wants to play mexican train really badly      sad 
beat the gophers!
gleeeeeeeee  laugh 
loves it when <propmale> calls her telephone to tell her to just dance 
 laugh 
is happy to have a c    this is ridiculous 
beat the huskies!  laugh 
 laugh 
loves walking in the rain  laugh 
loves sakurako mori and <propfemale> montenegro  love  love  love 
je veux dormir  sad 
is feeling especially slutty today 
beat the farm!
fail  sad 
should really learn to walk properly     
game day! beat the bears!  smile 
"on the bright side, this weekend was amazingly productive  sadly, i still have so much work left to do  sad "
is completely obsessed with psychology     love 
 smile 
had a lovely adventure through la with <propfemale> montenegro  laugh 
is going to be a pin-up girl for halloween 
quack is whack! beat the ducks!!!  laugh 
is always happy  love 
has fulfilled her civic duty  smile  yay
likes to eat apples and bananas 
last night was amazing! went to an incredible taping of glee and in 'n' out with <propfemale> montenegro
game day! beat the sun devils!  laugh 
so sad  sad ((
apartment is super clean  happiness  joyful 
final 24-21  fight on!  laugh 
traumatized      sad 
tangled = amazing  laugh 
baking cookies and listening to christmas music  laugh   love 
beat the beavers!  laugh 
will be home in about 24 hours  laugh 
gameday! beat the <propfemale>!  laugh 
four hour drive took seven hours  that was fun    
pink giraffes 
last day of class!  laugh 
"awesome time at conquest: burning the bear, fireworks, third eye blind concert, and ferris wheel!  laugh "
beat the bruins!!!
will be home in approximately sixty hours  laugh dd
done with the semester  smile 
home!  laugh 
 smile 
"seriously loving the gloomy, rainy weather  laugh "
crappy day  sad 
 love 
officially minoring in french  smile 
officially obsessed with <propmale>    
hungryyyyy  sad 
is a porn <propfemale>
can't wait to go back to vegas so she can start dancing on poles again  smile 
fight on! beat the rams!
needs drugs 
