8c83b6dfb7f92b803402dfd524f83af9
tdwp big wiggly
break was pretty much amazing    and i don't know how i'm going to wake up tomorrow?
is at a loss for inspiration
rtcj
my room is super clean! i vacuumed it myself!
1:11 1 1 11
ole <propfirst> mccrady i feel so bad for you i hope your foot gets better!!!!
does anyone have the photos from our glee audition at <propmale> fields?
making a logo for glee
i got a <propmale>!!
making a logo
it's too hot to sleep with covers!!
i hate when you take five hour naps and can't go to bed at night!
wishes he could just stop time for the moment!
my friend made me sad today  sad 
"4 <propmale>, extremely cold shower, sore"
"4 <propmale>, sore, chemistry revf"
"good way to end school tonight, <propfirst>'s with friends never seems to let me down!"
answer your phone!!
icecream after rehearsals! gives me hope
learnin harmonica   silent night
is going over lines and trying to find the old man in himself
"show went kind of rough, but it was awesome seeing people! thank you to everyone that went! i totally wasn't e playful ecting a certain person to go it totally threw me!"
"just got owned by ants outside, i used to have dreams about insects attacking humans mostly me, but i think we would be in trouble if all the animals began an organized retaliation on humans"
hopefully a certain 11 year old will be happy
new iphone 4!!!
"i've got an owl, i need to name"
"i was going into the kitchen to feed my owls, when i turned on the lights, one of them had escaped and was sitting on the floor like {0^0}"
anybody seen the movie red cliffe
is anyone able to take care of my owls i'm going to be gone for a week?
"i love pixar, i would marry the embodiment of pixar!\\call me crazy watch toy story 3"
likes girls that play video games!
this whole if you like my status thing has become a virus
"ahh why not  if you like this status i will write something i like about you, something i dislike about you, a confession, and my first impression "
i think that camera just can't capture you're beauty
juicyrock
all songs are done and rehearsed!
what did you think about the fourth kind? i am kind of unsure about it?
"'s mind is so tired, time to take a break from music"
is starving hungry
1111
that's a load of clap trap!
ah the seven modes! it makes sense
i saw inception!
i know a ghost!!
words mean nothing show her your love
zombie ep here i come
we are outnumbered   booom
gotta make cupcakes!!
i will not fill out surveys!!
holga d
love never fails
well here we go school
"day after day, alone on a hill\the man with a foolish grin, is sitting perfectly still"
i think i have a new really good friend
"singing the anthem at a nfl game\\*crosses out on bucketlist"
"chapter 3 read *check\5 pages of notes *check\am i having fun later tonight *check"
thanks god for <propfirst> tucker
"the heavens quake the oceans roar beneath the shelter of our lord;\the rivers full the tide it swells beneath the boom of heav'ns bells;\the sky is bright, the earth be dark, wherefore earth's creatures often lurk"
goin to go jam it up
is feeling down and needs love
booom my room is clean
i eat poop 
"silence undulated through the room, he breathed in and out, unaware of the e playful losive implementation in his mind  before he uttered his final words, his thoughts were scattered around the room along with the visceral fleshes still attached  blood evaporated along with the previously functioning nervous system that had once ran so efficiently, and nothing was left untouched by the human remains "
k-jazz anybody?
well my phone be busted! thankyou mercede usiski
thetic of acous
"oo we have homework?!\ i probably shouldn't have gone out all night!"
off to cgcc
first college class was a success!
anyone wanna help me clean my room
send grace for the hearts that i stole
<propfemale> him like meat on a criminal street   lower still
should i get a buzzcut?
is so happy! he is free tonight! ya know what that means? time to relax and play  la guitarra <propfemale>
"homework lay trembling in the shadow of defeat   it had been the <propfirst> for only so long, before meeting face to face with its nemesis  its nemesis the gca academic, who taking pencil in hand, gutted the disgraceful foe "
the new ipod touch 4g is out! comments?
"i met a <propmale> today, he plays guitar"
i hate spiders! there's a massive one in my room!
mullet?
write write write and when all sense of creativity has fled write yet again
every male needs a <propfemale> to complete them
i love <propfirst> beall?
gig was successful! we got tipped   and paid haha
i have four friends with birthdays today what's going on
"goodbye macbook and ipod, this is what i must to do save myself, i pursue entertainment over knowlege"
just got back from sailing looks like i be going to school tomorrow  annoyed 
<propmale> collins is a legend
"thankyou facebook for reminding everyone it was my birthday, i  love  you"
"mlk was so cool\http annoyed  www youtube com user schmoyoho#p a 161b0ca7773b199c 1 i0f4ixezoqy"
sungha <propfemale>
"facebooke playful eriment: if you are reading this, \even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you \and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; \you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
purple
"the closer and closer i strive to becoming myself, the less i fit in  everyone has different dna and is different, yet we strive to be the same "
n64 boii!!
wow most fun i've had in a weekend and its not even over
i got soccer cleats!!
rat tail?
its 50 degrees in my bedroom -awesome
we could go get a smoothie   
the rough draft is due tomorrow wha??
"put this on your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by a velociraptor  it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport  velociraptors are, after all, kinda unstoppable  sadly, 93% of people won't repost this  will you?"
does anybody have a nice camera for sale?
"me and kassidy wrote a funny thanksgiving song about how white people took the indians' land, comment and we'll send you a link!!"
wow
my notifications aren't going away  sad 
you give me the chills
my hair is almost long enough for the braid!
christmas break i need thee desperately
"maybe time will heal you\maybe time will heal you and bring you back"
"wow, i thought it was another pokemon appreciation month, i feel stupid, but how does changing your picture actually help those e playful eriencing child abuse?"
i want a bag of red <propmale> for christmas
what do tumblr kids do when tumblr is down sigh*   facebook
sometimes i just add people cuz they're sho pretty  smile 
"my parents randomly made me clean me and my brother's room, <propmale> stayed up till 10 helping me, when he didn't have to  he's the best!"
"ok i thought the office was dying   and becoming gradually less and less funny  however, the christmas episode cleared away all those thoughts, it was great "
"finals finally feel feasible to face fearlessly  :2,"
i wonder if anyone i know could go without the internet for a month  annoyed 
bammm suckkers i got a 93 on my physics finall
sculpture
completely blonde
hallelujah 
i like dressing nice
j s  bach  love 
<propfemale>
knitting again
000100000101001000 function almost complete 100101000010
pokemon fire red gba
goodbye facebook
"i think im going to bring a pillow to school, i'm just too tired"
