0b809d885f0fc947f8234693286a91f5
in texas with my girlfriend for the new year!!!
"i don't know how you do what you doi'm so in love with you, it just keeps getting better!!!!"
inglourious basterds = great movie!!!!
done with class for the day       hmk
class 9 smile 0 - 3:20    
has the most amazing gf!!
rarely is the questioned asked: is our children learning?
shawty's like a <propfemale> in my head that i can't keep out got me singin' like na na na na everyday it's like my ipod stuck on replay
you merge my ten <propfirst> highway down to a one <propfirst> country road!
"there’s  nothing in this world, there’s not another girl that could satisfy my needs"
"like the clouds you  drift me away, far away   and like the sun you  brighten my day, you brighten my day "
"oh, the movie never ends  it goes on and on and on and on"
"'cause baby, you my everything, you all i ever wanted"
used to be a <propmale> til' i found my <propfemale> now i don't rome no more  and all my love she gets      
cuse basketball is gonna be amazing this year!!!! dropped unc 87 - 71  yeah!!
"you should know, everywhere i go you're always on my mind, in my heart in my soul"
is so in love with his girlfriend its crazy!!!!!!!  love  love  love 
thinks his girlfriend should stay away from his open facebook <propfemale> 
"all the <propfemale> and the pearls, money in the world, means nothing if i ain't got you, and all the watches and the rings and all them shiny things means nothing if i ain't got you "
cuse' wins 85 - 73 again!!!!! undefeated!!!!!!!
"all the <propfemale> and the pearls, money in the world, means nothing if i ain't got you, and all the watches and the rings and all them shiny things means nothing if i ain't got you "
you make life bright cause you shine!!!
"i'll be there to comfort you, build my world of dreams around you, i'm so glad that i found you i'll be there with a love that's strong i'll be your strength, i'll keep holding on"
"all the diamonds and the pearls, and the money in the world means nothing if i ain't got you and all the watches and the rings, and all the shiny things, means nothing if i ain't got you"
cuse!!!!!!! 21-1 and going to the top!!!!!!!!
why are the refs so bad at the cuse game tonight?
24-1!!!!! another amazing win by da cuse!!!!
"so baby don't worry, you are my only, you wont be lonely, even if the sky is falling down, you'll be my only, no need to worry, baby are you down down down down down"
25 and 2!!!!!!!! cuse back on top!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> game tonight!!!!! cuse gonna shut down!!!!!
cuse gonna be #1!!!!!!
cuse is #1 in the country!!!
really syracuse?
while on my run this morning    saw a state trooper shoot a deer that was still alive after it had been hit by a car 
its cuse time!!!!!!
'cuse its game time!!!!
well                        
amazing weather this weekend!
everywhere i go i'm always hearing your name and no matter where i'm at girl you make me wanna sing whether a bus or a plane or a car or a train no other girls on my brain and you the one to blame!
7 months!!!!!!!
really loves his girlfriend surayya <propfirst> nagji!!!
everywhere i go i'm always hearing your name and no matter where i'm at girl you make me wanna sing whether a bus or a plane or a car or a train no other girls on my brain and you the one to blame!
drake concert in one week!
living the dream!
33 degrees outside and its 5 days away from may          great 
i am so in love with my girlfriend surayya <propfirst> nagji!!!  love  cant wait to spend tomorrow with her!
physics final tomorrow            
done with my chem final    ecs 104 final tomorrow at 8am 
iron man 2 was an amazing movie!
"livin' on love, buyin' on time without somebody nothin' ain't worth a dime"
usa!!!!! yeah!!!!!!
we're usa and we're going all the way!!!!!
jets!!!!!!
i love my gf  love  she is the best person in the world!!! i dont know what id do without her   gtl
going to the nfl e playful erience in downtown <propfirst>!
super bowl!!!! going for the black and yellow!!!! go steelers!!!!!
new phone!
i love my new phone!!!
