e49a4348e41698d5f76c61e19a72a5aa
i'm on the isle of wight and i miss you all! but i am having a great time  ferry tomorrow and <propfemale> on saturday!
i'm back home!!!
aww thanks guys! thats so sweet!
rest in peace <propfirst> <propmale>   may the masses remember and <propfemale> your music for decades to come  1958-2009
heading to b<propmale> soon   driver's <propmale> is almost overrr!yay!
on my way to st  maarten!
just got home from spivey hall about to go to bed then up at 7 am to go to dr's office and then back to spivey for more practice    whew hoo!
just doing my reading for school and babysitting    well they are in bed so here i am   love  myka murphy l- is for the way you look at me  o- is for the only one i see  v- is very very extraordinary  e- is even more then everything that i adore  love is all that i can give to you  love is just a game for two  two in love can make it   take my heart but please don't break it  love was made for me and you!
about to start my homework   
peace out homies lovs!
je m'appelle thunder horse! ecoute moi nay!
j for joyfulness  o for outrageous tall tales   n for new albums     a for the alluring harmonies       s for sweet serenades tomorrow's the day marked on all the fangirls calendars   even me   let the adventure begin!
studying for the killer math test   but feeling a lil better about it now   thanks mads!
"facebook is being mean!  look at this: warning! you are engaging in behavior that may be considered annoying or abusive by other users  facebook's systems determined that you were going too fast when sending chat messages  you must significantly slow down  further misuse of site features may result in a temporary block or your account being permanently disabled  for further information, please visit our faq <propfemale> "
i like to go out walking in the pouring rain i want my rock n roll to make the window shake i wait 'til three am to call everyone i know i'm gonna bring the noise i'm ready here we go
ponyo was cuteeeee!
possibly have strepe   sad 
when you get to the bottom you go back to the top of the slide where you stop and you turn and you go for a ride and you stop and you see me again! do you don't you want me to love you i'm coming down fast but i'm <propmale> above you tell me tell me come on tell me the answer and you may be a lover but you ain't no dancer go helter skelter  -u2 and beatles
"well i am officially \sick\"" and my mom is making me go to bed   how lame is that? if you were supposed to send me some information facebook it to me  or email me at myka momentous@yahoo com i will put the project together tomorrow """
i l-l-l-love massage chairs!  did you its all about you? not! lol    its about everyone!
i'm looking for a lover not a friend  somebody who can be there when i need someone to talk to  i'm looking for someone who won't pretend  somebody not afraid to say the way they feel about you   -myka
about to head down to the lobby for some drinks with the wedding party   funnn shhhtufffff 
doing horrible homework    terribly dull! ehhh    blehhh! listening to pandora! gotta luv it! bye luvies!
just got home    go trojans! go trojans! lo love  -myka
"she's blood flesh and bone no tucks or silicone she's touch, smell, sight, taste, and sound but somehow i can't believe that anything should happen i know where i belong and nothin's going to happen cause she's so high high above me she's so lovely she's so high like <propfemale>, <propfirst> of arc, or aphrodite d-d-d-da da  she's so high-- high above me -lo love  myka-"
just got home from spivey hall! fantastic no?? i have loads of homework to do and tests  quizzes to study for   ughhhhhh life is totally stinking right now  sad 
"i know you're scared everybody gets a lil stage fright but we're prepared and the mood is set & its coming together  just right what should we do now that we are caught in the middle of the spotlight? i can feel your butterflies, if we kiss will they fly away? lo love s myka"
so nervous about the world history test    annoyed  eeps   
"darling    i don't know how to tell you this, but there's a chinese family in our bathroom   haha! gotta love <propmale>! i  love  500 days of summer "
ugh this math is killing me   i swear on my gravestone will state: here lies myka murphy  the first to die from accelerated math 2   pathetic  isn't it?
no school tomorrow! eeps! to those who doubted that there was a rain god! there! lol   
no school again! thank you rain gods!!!
sadness    the rain gods cannot prolong our no school days    sad  there is school tomorrow   
i am going to bed  night you guys!
<propfemale>'s party   fun shhtufff
"every generation gets a <propmale> to change the world pity the nation that won't listen to your boys and girls cause the sweetest <propfemale> is the one we haven't heard is it true that perfect love drives out all fear the right to appear ridiculous is something i hold dear oh, but a change of heart comes slow"
"the rapper: corrupting the world, one lyric at a time"
paint and carpet is picked   the room is almost finished! yay!
about to get ready for my lil cuz bday dinner! did i ever tell you i love japanese food?! well i do! actually everything about japan in awesome!
best birthday dinner ever! i love you racchelle!
best monday ever!
"cuz i know that after tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars no-no-no-no  and i know by the end of tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars  and i know if the love is alright, you don't have to look up at the stars no-no-no-no  i know by the end of tonight you don't have to look up at the stars no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no"
back from that 12 hour drive from <propfemale> 
shake shake shale it like a polaroid picture! heyyyya heyyya!
packing for belmont!
in nashville! its awesome  soooo cool  country hall of fame and shopping! belmont was grrrrreat!
ready to go to bed    researching the famed <propmale> <propfirst>   yea put that in your cuppa hot choc-o-late
my homework sucks! <propmale> was awesomme! and yes there were epic haircuts 
trojans are 12-0! yay!
"driving  and driving around    oh if i dont see until then \darling i love you all lots!\""  (thats for all of you in cyberspace world and especially the one reading it riiiiiight now!) and happy turkey day!"""
so its the day before thanksgiving and i am dancing in my kitchen to pop music! best break ever! lol    darling dears- happy turkey day!
"'ey 'ou! yea you!  did you know that i love you? yep you!  well great   now you know  well i gotta go, but it was nice to meetcha   tah tah for now darlings!"
did you know <propmale> <propfirst> is horrendously dull and tiresome? its the truth!
going to bed peace out homes!
i think i am really sick of chemistry i hate thissss
ap world vocab test tomorrow    studying   blehhh
i got a haircut! whatcha think?!
take a breath     relax    get comfortable    and study! ughhhh     sad 
the mission is terribly sad    it does not have a happy ending!  sad  - its quite a tear jerker 
finished the concert and ate dinner    now starting homework only 5 more performances to go!
aso  concert rehersal
my throat is murdering me     is that even possible? (i dunno but it feels that way ) cleaning my room boring!
happy <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
i am laughing so hard from this rockband concert is so rrendously hilarious! o my goodness i can't breathe
happy christmas! and happy kwanzaa <propfemale>!
sherlock holmes was epic!
why did wright pick such long apush movies?
do we say oh- ten? (like oh- nine for 2009) or is it just 2010? or can we say twenty-ten?
no school today! yipee!i just slept in and am so happy!
fushia
hey if your driveway is iced over    do you have to go to school?
just watched the opening of <propfemale> trek in our new home theater!!!
"what do you see when you see me, sir? the very same thing that makes you bitter  so you'll say all these outrageous things, that's what you do  yes, but you're no poet man  you just want everyone looking at you  so i'll show no frown  oh, all over town, yes all over this town  there are people who would undermine me if they could  won't let them in  -the kooks"
i made all-state! it's official!
"they are wrong    a person is stupid but people together are just plain idiots  what can they say? there is power in <propfirst>    but there is always someone suppling the bad news, or the\hype\"" that makes stupid people join together """
"\passion without governance is anarchy   \""- mr  <propmale>"""
"\ the music washed away all the hate  and society started advancing  every demographic was represented  it was a rainbow coalition of dancing  whoa! everyone was wearing fingerless gloves  whoaaaaaoaaaaaoh! \""- boombox by lonely island"""
making new harmonies to every song on the radio 
it's spring break! and i am excited the ipad is coming to my house tomorrow!!!
officially using the ipad  so cool!
happy happy easter! i'm glad the <propfemale> came    haappy happy easter! but all the <propfemale>'s the same! lol   love  ya!
riding to tupelo   
don't wanna go to school tomorrow    sadness   
there is something beautifully serene about laying in the backyard and watching the stars   
happy birthday to the earth!
its so dark outside
happy mother's day to my mother: <propfemale> murphy and all your mothers too!
my head is gonna e playful lode from all this information       too much history
"sweet pea, apple of my eye  don't know when and i don't know why  you're the only reason i keep on coming home  sweet pea, what's all this about? don't get your way, all you do is fuss and pout  you're the only reason i keep on coming home  i like the rock of gibraltar  i always seem to falter  and the words just get in the way  oh i know i'm gonna crumble  i'm trying to stay humble  but i never think before i say "
had the best spivey hall night ever 
listening to <propmale> lehrer    he is hilarious!
"i just saw avenue q! it was crazy good! so hilarious!!! \everyone is a lil racist   \"""""
riding to spivyy   
we can't be manderano marauders    ugh saddness
i feel utterly stuffed     two words: brazilian steakhouse
braves game 2 to 1    go braves! good job <propmale>!
thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
is wonderin' why in all these photos i have bright red eyes   
on my way to ny to meet family!!! yay!
shopping then sleeping then recording then piano then nashville    ain't life grand?
"\it's so fluffy i'm gonna die!!!\"""""
goodness gracious    i need to brush up on my french    schoooooooooolllll noooooooooooo ahhhhhhhh!
the other guys was hilarious  i loved it 
vote <propfemale> for vice president for lassiter's <propmale> class!
doing homework   for school   why?! oh remember: this friday vote for <propfemale> for lassiter's <propmale> vp!
\\,e49a4348e4169 laugh 5f76c61e19a72a5aa,joséphine est fatigué  ses yeux se ferment très lentement     très lentement  son lit appelle son nom     si elle doit quitter maintenant  elle dit au revoir
i despise thesis analysis 
well apparantly i am married     to who? that is unknown   but i got a congrats from someone i dont know via text about it    where are all my wedding gifts? lmao 
i never get cool comments anymore    -insert sad smiley face-
"it's like a dream - you try to remember but it's gone  then ya, try to scream but it only comes out as a yawn  when ya, try to see the world beyond your front door  take your time cos the way i rhyme's gonna make you smile    "
doing     homework     sigh 
i am catching up on my disney classics!!! meeko! haha i love pocahontas(?) that's sad i don't remember how to spell it  lol 
i am utterly screwed dead with online health   sad 
ahhhhhhh two days!!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhh!!!! just a couple more hours!
@ 6:20 i will be on my way!!!!
wow this week has been just bad   
sat tomorrow  sick  ugh 
happy 70th birthday <propfirst> lenno  peace  love 
wow    can life get anymore stressful?
i got a solo at spivvy! yay!  laugh 
sick 
listening to bb brunes cd 
light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak 
spivvy concert!
i need help on this cot sentences
4 days left
1st annual <propmale> potter marathon! 1 movie down 5 to go    then the deathly hallows part 1 tomorrow!
sleep  yay 
je jure en français sera la mort de moi  je pense que ce serait la bonne façon de <propfemale> dire     annoyed 
"i'm hitting the figurative stack of hay    good luck world  \french- i give up   you win "
too much to do   stress    gotta dis-like it
studying at starbucks with beka miller  laugh 
sunday spivey performance    one of the greatest days of the holiday season   laugh  i love my spivey family 
i'm having a white christmas in tupelo!
feeling so relaxed    happy new year's <propfemale>!
i just got home    tired  stressed  i still have to study   annoyed 
\welcome to the show it goes a little bit like this, \e49a4348e4169 laugh 5f76c61e19a72a5aa,oh please snow!
oh my gosh school is cancelled! yippee!
homemade hot chocolate and a winter wonderland   check that off my list 
no school again because of snowwwww!
school is closed again yayyyyy!
school closed again  yay!
where can i find a pillow pet?
i  love  sleep!
apush     funn   
losing my voice 
sick with <propfirst> morley
ap <propfemale>    i hate procrastination    yet i still manage to do it   annoyed 
even though i know procrastination is bad    i still manage to fall for it's sweet seduction    why?
"without weird people, life would be vanilla ice cream with out sprinkles and who doesn't like sprinkles? i am a weird person and i've embraced it!  laugh "
