869a5ddaf289b742bb7f7d2ffe85934b
"first i want on a trip to the beach   there, my brother got me sick and i went home and watched the entire 4th season of lost in 3 days "
is e playful erimenting with valium in preparation for removal of wisdom teeth in the morning 
okay! i'm going to get my wisdom teeth out    now! see you on the other side!
is eating jello
is about to watch coraline    in 3d!!!
"i've just had my first post-tac 'nightmare', in which i asked, \why do we still have classes after graduation? what could they do to us if we don't go?\"""""
"discovered a cute little device designed to poke a <propfemale> hole in an egg   it looks just like a button, which demands that one press it with one's finger  it also pokes holes in fingers "
can have a beer in his room!
"has a sore throat, and funny red bumps all over his hands and feet   i wonder if it's biblical?"
amazing!
bought a bike today  no one can stop me now!
it will all work out 
", in the billiard room, with the lead pipe "
how much ground can a groundhog hog?
apparently the next generation of does will be droids   when did deer get so smart?
there it is!
is comissioning a symphony in c 
stay a week! stay a month! have a drink!
"dreaming of you (yes, you)"
a full-body massage chair is not afraid to go too low 
"yep, i'm in tuscon  hongs, quinans and rangels (oh my!) "
i'm hungary
aaaand    it's a turnip!
thinks cupo should finish it 
"<propfemale>, water, yeast, and time "
this is a particularly inspirational status update 
"it's a long life\better pinch yourself\put your faith together\better get it right\it's a long life\better hit yourself\put your face together\better stand up straight"
"snow!!! no    rain  no, snow!!! no    "
"and of course january is \whisky and helicopters month \"""""
you're just too good to be true 
i was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger  then it hit me 
"the more friends you have, the more cake you get "
boo!!!
 smile 
conquered: one (1) icy mountain 
i never knew 21 degrees could feel so warm!
