02884478faa923c774a87a54f9e34ee2
another new year <propfemale> alone  awesome
"if yo? ended 2010 single, p?t this ?s yo?r st?t?s  if someone inboxes yo? ? he?rt, they w?nt to be with yo? in 2011"
chillin with with my cousin <propmale>  pullin another all-nighter
"just attended a \funeral\"" with a cousin"""
i've been home for a bit and i'm already back into the same old nothingness
my car passed inspection! ha haa  suck it other people with nice cars!
in my boredom i'm applying for every job possible
"now back to the school to fill out more paper work, damn i need to switch colleges"
when i got back from the school i got a call from one of the jobs i applyed for  sweet!
"got an interview at 1, so i'm going to spend the morining doing nothing"
back from that interview
another crapy day  how fun! what shoud i do first? rip off my arm?
waiting for that phone call  and being bored like always
vpn is up and running again but my ftp still isn't working
finally this long day is over  now i get to enjoy the longer one tomorrow  doesn't that sound exciting!?
i hate the heat!
i cant sleep anymore  it's weird cuz i only went to sleep like 3 hours ago  it's just too hot
just got back from another interview and its still hot
got another interview tomorrow at 3 smile 0
got that job
"i just noticed that people like to say \burn in hell\"" but there really isn't any burning going on  matter of fact the 9th circle is full of ice"""
i'm having a hard time keeping these damn viruses out of my computer  for some reason its still in there even though i got supposedly got rid of it and now i can boot into safe mode  today sucks
wake is over  r i p  <propfirst>
wedding over  we were taking a crap load of pictures and videos
every one is asleep but me and my brother-in-law and i'm bored
just fixed <propfemale>'s computer  now on to t's computer
"wake up in the morning feeling like winehouse  (hey, what up girl?)\grab my breezer, i'm out the door\i'm gonna be really loud, \cuz i don't care who i piss off\yeah, i'm a real big sinner \sometimes, i eat my dessert before my dinner "
looks like i might be switching to mercy college in the bronx
why can't he call her cell? noooooo  he had to wake me up so i can wake her up  that sir is an impossible feat  she can sleep through a hurricane  lol  now i can't go back to sleep
i have to download made stuff now  lol  at least i got something to do  along with finishing <propfemale>'s wedding video
it's hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need to get out
its nice and cold in my room  lets hope it stays that way
o qd lg wgktr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beach is over  now time for humungulous pizza
damn that damn car and all its damnness!
i've been playin cod since i woke up at 9 somethin
just watched repo men  why havent i seen this movie earlier? i asked the same question when i saw kick-ass
"i faced my destroyer, i was ambushed by a lie, and you judged me once for falling, this wounded heart will rise"
i just bought a car  bringing it home tomorrow 
cod!
i got my car
parents should not be allowed to touch things  now i can't find my proof of residency paper
so you tell me how do you know you exist? how do you know that your entire life isn't just part of someones imagination?
passed inspection
"blessed are you who hunger now, for you will be satisfied  blessed are you who weep now, for you will laugh "
"whoa, death someone would pray could you wait to call me another day the children prayed, the preacher preached time and mercy is out of your reach i'll fix your feet til you cant walk i'll lock your jaw til you cant talk i'll close your eyes so you can't see this very air, come and go with me"
the more things change the more they stay the same
i've seen a <propmale> man beg i've seen a good man sin i've seen a tough man cry i've seen a loser win and a sad man grin i heard an honest man lie i've seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything between
i’ll burn my tomorrows and i stand inside today at the edge of the future and my dreams all fade away
what is your inner self? -- my result: a smokelike person  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 93348 referrals status?aid=100001316825650
"children\ with special needs do not have an illness  it's not contagious  they \only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request to \anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at \least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor for \all children who need a little extra help"
some people should have never been born  they shouldn't be allowed to plague the world with their presence
classes start tomorrow but got to go in for work today
the damn xbox  is freezing up
judge not a man by the size of his wallet but by the size of his heart
first day of classes my 6 to 9:10 was cut short so i've been chillin at the school to annoy my professors  lol  good times
class at 9 tomorrow
you look like an angel walk like an angel talk like an angel but i got wise you're the devil in disguise
screw this
my class is about to start  damn this math! from 1 smile 0 - 3:45
finally had a class with <propmale>  it's about damn time
what the hell is wrong with people?
no class for me today  i love these holidays
palisades interstate parkway west
to class then to bother my cousin <propfirst> crespo
i'm bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you know sometimes it feels like i'm the only one who can see the truth  that life is just an absurdist comedy  and the only appropriate response is to laugh
some people should have never been born
"you\ know sometimes it feels like i'm the only one who can see the truth  \that life is just an absurdist comedy  and the only appropriate response\ is to laugh"
project completed  i wanted to get every detail right  it was done a few days ago but i got side tracked from the final look at it
if i had a nickle for every time i had a migraine that lasted days and hurt like hell  i would be the richest person on earth
have class at 1 smile 0 so i have to be out of here by 12 smile 0  then work right after  i'll be home around 10:10 or so 
happy birthday <propfirst>! rest in peace  you will be missed
firesheep hacked  lol  i'm going to get sooooooo many people with this  i'm gonna sit in the library during the common hour on thursday and see how many people i get  i may even do it at work
internet is back  yay! now it's gonna take me forever to catch up with all this homework
today sucks so far  i hate town of wallkill cops!
these people i call my sisters are loud as hell!
just got out of work  gonna play with my new phone
i'm i the only one bored with my life?
can i do nothing right? damn
got to leave to class soon  then work till 10:45 but knowing my job  i'll be home by 12
getting ready for work soon  sitting here bored till then
been on campus since 12  and my class starts at 1 smile 0
shhhhhhh  my common sense is tingling
my gpa is now 3 8  yay! lol
very mature  call my family low lives
one of the worst days ever  i fucking hate today
mounted my tv and shelves yesterday  everything is set up  now to clean what's left
fun  finally
just another day  now sleep  school at 8 in the morning tomorrow
about to drive to c surprise p to pick up this stupid car title for my dad  even though i told him i have work to do  but who cares? as long as he has his car
bartow mall  i haven't been here in forever
yo middletown people i'm in p a  and the high-school here has the same mascot as our school  with the same damn colors  original right?
happy birfday grandma <propfemale>! may you rest in peace
new laptop! woohoo! lol  alot smaller  alot faster  i5 baby  about to download oovoo
"sibling war!! copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting, then you win!"
it makes me wonder
i got up an hour ago  and now i'm just sitting here doing some mind mapping  getting really bored 
omg! <propfemale> is controlling my computer!
