1070606b07d6513ce4a29179dc49daaf
can't get to sleep       too much stuff on my mind! ugh  sad 
wow  that was just wrong! lol
omfg! you can't really be that stupid!
i wish could just get away from here  sad 
my family is damn crazy! argueing about stupid shit all the time  uugggghhhh!!!!  > annoyed 
"had a great day yesterday  thank you for all your comments and messages, i really appreciate them   smile     i love all y'all   love "
"having my wisdom teeth cut out tuesday, hoping it's not gonna hurt too bad   annoyed "
"as always, something came up and i couldn't make it to my dental appointment  hope nothing comes up tomorrow and i can actually <propfemale> out with devyn and go shopping (with what little money i have now) lol"
"i can't understand why she's doing this to me  i don't want to cry over the same crap over and over again, it's not worth it "
"i wish i could make it all better for my mom, she doesn't deserve what happened      sad "
"when everything in my life seems to fall apart, my mom and dad seem to always be there, no matter what and that's what i love        thanks mom and dad for always being there for me  love you"
why do people feel like they have to infade in other people's privacy? if it don't belong to you then don't touch it!
it's amazing i'm still living considering you need food to live  lol     damn i'm like starving over here
"i have the most wonderful and generous friends in the whole world   smile     i never thought i'd be as lucky to friends like mine  to all my best friends, i love you guys and thank you for always being there when i need it most "
"when things get heated take some time to cool off and then talk, it will makes things alot better"
"ugh, up all night helping my mom with her perm  i never knew those things could take so long! but it looks so good on her and she loves it, so it's worth staying up all night, and i got to spend some time with her so that's an extra plus  smile "
for some reason can't get to sleep  ugh i hate not being able to go to sleep when i want to go to sleep  it's so frustrating!!  annoyed 
"uuuugggghhhh!!!!!!!! rih orh tr irthwoieuob  rhtoiwqk ohweiqon damnit!  <---( blowing off some steam, it doesn't really mean anything, just don't know what to say when i'm this pissed)"
"not feeling too good today, been asleep most of the day  hopefully i will feel better tomorrow  can't get to dr  til end of week, i hope i don't have to go to the hospital  (i hate hospitals, it always takes forever to get seen) i'd rather wait to go to my doctor"
don't you just love arguing with someone that you asked to drop it a million times but they won't  apparently you like to argue with me about stupid things
"i just love how some people try to act like there is nothing wrong when in fact, there is something majorly wrong  jeez, some people i swear have no idea how they really make others feel     "
"gonna go to the hospital sometime today after my dad comes home with the car   i hope they find out what's making my side and stomach hurt so bad  and if another dr  tells me  that it's all in my head just because they don't know what's wrong i'm gonna go off     it's stupid that i've been hurting for 2 weeks straight and no one can find out what's wrong  i need to find a smart dr  , like house or something lol"
"*sighs* still sick     been to e r three times and they can't tell me anything  i'm beginning to fall in the same medical illnesses as i was in 4 years ago, hope i can find a dr that will believe what i have to say and actually help me  i'm so sick of being sick!"
"omg if pain could kill, i'd be dead right now  i really don't think doctors in memphis know what the hell they're doing  they really think there is nothing wrong with me and i've been sick and hurting for almost a whole month  this is just ridiculous to be treated this way by people that are supposed to help you   sad "
please pray for me to find a real good doctor that will actually take me seriously and help me  i really need help and no one seems to want to help  so please pray for me people  it's greatly appreciated
*sighs* everything just sucks right now   sad    ain't nothing goin right for me 
"i'm sick of certain people lying to me or ignoring me over stupid b s  look, if you feel like you have to lie to me then don't talk to me at all  if you feel like you need to ignore me over something that doesn't even involve you, then don't talk to me anymore  i'm tired of people that i thought cared about me, hurting me for no damn good reason  i guess i was right not to trust anyone even if i do love them "
holy crap i just woke up! i haven't slept that good in a long time  i actually feel a little better   smile 
wondering if anyone in my life can ever be completely honest with me      no probably not 
"thinking i might be diabetic now, but won't know for sure til i go to the dr  sad "
lookin for a new tmobile phone that won't give me too much trouble  anyone got any suggestions????
allergies suck!
"eatin one of the most unhealthiest meals you could eat but it os soooo good though  lol  (hamburger with cheese,mashed potatoes, and saugage dip) omg so good!"
"memphis is may, here i come  i finally get the <propmale> to have the money to go, but only the saturday one  i can't wait, it's gonna be awesome!  laugh "
"which one should i choose    a new <propfemale> computer or nokia touch screen phone from t-mobile??? i can\t decide which one i want more  help me please!!"""
and so the rain starts     
music fest saturday was so awesome! i had such a great time with my brother and friends   smile  can't wait to do it again next year   laugh 
"this is the last time i do something nice for someone that doesn't appreciate what i try to do, but it's whatever, i'm not fucked up about it  guess i'm just used to it  i'll be damned if i'm going to get used again"
wishing my parents would stop arguing over every little thing  it's driving me absolutly crazy!
"what was supposed to be a good ''vacation'' for me and my parents is ruined cause grown ass folks wanna act like babies! just because what you want isn't happening right this second doesn't give you the right to ruin it for everyone else! i hope i do not end up like her in my older years, but please god kill me if i do  damn it"
"got to get ctscan when i get back to memphis & send to st louis dr will decide if my bones are dense & strong enough to hold the screws & rods in my back, so i may be havin back surgery in dec jan  it'll be 2 months before i'll be able to sit up & 9 months to a year before i can walk like i normally do again  i get scared & depressed just thinking about how painful & boring life will be during that time period "
"went to the st louis zoo today, and it was awesome! way better than the memphis zoo could even dream of being  and 3 times bigger than memphis zoo too, and way way cheaper, it's free to get in, all you have to pay for is the animal shows and train rides, but you can buy a $10 safari pass and go anywhere you want as many times as you want  i can't wait to come back!"
"back at home with nothing to do, and people driving me crazy i don't feel good, i think i might be getting broncitis, (however you spell it)  what is it that people don't understand when i say i don't feel good, i don't feel like doing shit "
"gotta go get my stomach scoped tomorrow at 7am  ugh  i don't wanna get up that early, and then be sleepy the rest of the day     hopefully i'll sleep all day and not have to deal with anyone  lol"
don't know why people feel the need to be rude for no reason
"havin a lovely evening at my house, my room is fnally clean and organized!  smile "
i hands down won this one in less than an hour  yay
"fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me   sad "
"am i the only one that feels like my friends are not really true friends? cause i really don't think i have any true friends, except one and i know she knows who she is       love you girl and thanks for being there when i needed you most"
"my dad is one of the best \put something together\"" cook  literally have no food at my house and he still finds something to cook and make it delicious! so fuuullll!!!! lol"""
nothing to freakin do! so bored! any suggestions?  annoyed 
"*sigh* apparently i have no life what so ever  my own family doesn't want to be around me anymore  if there's something wrong with me, just tell me please  i wanna go out and do something!!  sad "
lmao afv is hilarious! i wanna make a funny video and embarrass myself too lol   laugh 
"been best friends with someone for a long time and know almost everything about her and    ain't it about a d*#^ b^#%* that my \supposed\"" best friend stole $60 from me knowing i needed it to get my meds  uggghhhh if i ever see that h%^ again       """
"hhhmmm i don't know who to trust anymore, this is just ridiculous!"
"i love how some people tell me one thing, but they do another! that's ok though cause <propfemale> is a bitch!"
hoping some kind of miracle will happen      sad 
i love ihop  it's so much fun to just <propfemale> out with friends and talk to complete strangers  lol
i suppose i'm no longer in a serious relationship anymore  i don't understand how she thinks it's my fault when she's the one that's been lying this whole time! but what's sad is i'll always love her despite all the hell she's put me throug?
don't really have a choice in the matter     *sigh* not sure how i really feel about the whole situation
"see this is what pissin me off, i try to <propfemale> out with just my friends, but i can't cause she'll get jealous and mad and not talk to me and make me feel bad just because i want to <propfemale> out with my friends without her there all the time!!!! uuuggghg why does she do this to me!!???"
ugh been at the pain clinic for 4 hours now and still haven't seen the real dr  and they're wanting to take blood today!  sad 
"wow the people you can find on here, it amazing! i love all my family & friends!  love "
"just so everyone knows, i'm not tryin to be mean or anything, but any posts that i put on facebook are never about anyone on my friends list  (except when my friend stole my money)  i don't talk bad about anyone on here because it always ends up turning into something it's not  i love all my family and friends  love "
"since i can't have a job, i was wondering if anyone knew some places i could volunteer at so that i would have something to do during the day instead of being bored all the time    "
my purse is in that car that just left for the mall that i'm not going to  uh life sucks'
"why do some people feel the need to bring up the past and stir certain shit around and start all kinds of drama with me  the past is the past, leave it there!! time to move on from all the bad things that have happened    "
"uh, i do not want today to be here  i just want to go back to sleep   annoyed "
how in the world is this the first time i watched <propmale> payne?! it's hilarious  smile  lol
"   what to do, what to do? idk anymore  it's all so complicated "
how would pie help me? lol
lol not if you're feeling sick  or if you don't like pie   playful 
just walking around the neighborhood   smile 
getting ready to go to the gym   smile  swimming pool here i come lol 
apparently i got a little sun today  i'm getting sunburned  at least i'll tan when the burn goes away   smile 
"i swear if someone doesn't learn to leave me alone, they'll end up with some broken fingers and i'm not gonna be sorry about it either "
i wish i had the money to get a professional massage  i need one bad!
*sigh* why are some people so lazy they can't clean up their own messes and e playful ect everyone else to clean it up for them  ugh!
i wonder how pigtails would look on me now? i haven't done my hair like that since i was like 8  lol
"can you die from stomach pain     i really feel like i could just die right now   sad  i'm gonna lay down for a while, hopefully i'll feel better in the morning "
can't wait for the sun to go down so i can go outside and not burn to death
idk why some people don't get that if you don't answer your phone you're either busy or asleep  no need to be calling me back to back to back  it's driving me crazy
"*sigh* just sittin at my grandmother's being bored, and can't go back home   sad    i miss my friends     "
i'm gonna go crazy if i don't get out the house and just have some friend time  i haven't seen any of my friends in a while   sad 
if i had enough money i'd get up out of this town and all the b s that goes with it 
"oh jeez, i think if i stay here much longer, i'll go completely crazy!  sad  please lord help me through these hard times "
i'm so weak emotionally i can't stand it  i can't believe i got myself into this again   annoyed 
i almost did it but i chickened out once again  it's like she put a spell on me or something 
i love sitting outside at night  i wish i had a bench swing at my house
omg last night was so fun and i didn't even go anywhere!
wow she actually went to bed without me  i know she must feel bad  i'll just sleep out here for tonight  i hope mom won't mind 
waiting on a ride to go <propfemale> out and spend the night   
"man i'm tired, i had a very long night "
having a pretty boring day  why does it seem like everyone is getting mad for no reason today? hoping things will be getting better soon
back at home finally  it feels good have some luck in our lives  prayers really do work  smile 
lol omg i love 'the waterboy'  it's hilarious everytime!  laugh 
"my poor tazzy is so sick  he hasn't eaten in 2 days, trying to give him pedialite, not workin so well right now though   sad "
please pray for my baby tazz  he's gotten worse within the last 3 hours  gonna take him to vet in morning but worried he might not make it that long   sad 
"please god help him  we've only had him a year, please don't take him away from me   crying "
"had to force feed him through a syringe  1st time he's eaten anything in a week! just waiting to see if he keeps it down or not  i hope he does, poor thing is so weak he can barely walk down the steps to go outside   sad "
r i p  tazzmainian devil <propmale>  i'm gonna miss you so much baby boy  i'm so sorry you had to go like you did   crying  i love you baby boy   love 
"you can take a pill to get rid of gout but you 'may have a heart attack, stroke, or death from taking the pill'  so in other words to get rid of gout you may have to die!   lol damn that is messed up "
"omg 1000 ways to die is no joke  i'd hate to die the way some of these people have died  it's a damn good show though, makes you appreciate the little things in life and not take anything for granted "
"wanting a tattoo for my 21st bday, i know i want it to have something to do with my beloved pup tazz  he was my everything, i just need some ideas on how it would look  please if you have any ideas send a description or draw it yourself and share it with me, who knows your tattoo may be the 1 i get, so come on everybody help me out  thanks and god bless!"
"i try to be nice but my <propfemale> only lasts so long  i feel like i'm about to e playful lode  don't know what emotion to feel anymore, everything's just so crazy!  annoyed "
hanging out at the mall with some friends   smile  good to actually get out and have fun!
feeling a little under the weather today   sad  hope i feel better soon     and i just wanna put that last night was great!
"i gotta shake you off, cause the lovin' ain't the same, and you keep on playin games like you know i'm here to stay  i gotta do what's best for me, so that means i gotta shake, shake, shake you off "
hopefully everything will work out as planned   smile  hope i didn't make a complete fool of myself around him     he's really cute lol
don't be mad at me because you lied and you got caught  it's not my fault you don't know how to be honest with anyone 
why am i so stupid?! i saw this shit coming and i didn't do anything to protect myself from getting hurt  idk why i constantly set myself up for disappointment   sad 
"everything i do from now on is going to be for me  i'm going to make myself happy, i think i deserve it  smile "
i need to get          damn i can't   sad 
"don't know what i'm doing or where i'm going with my life  *sighs* what to do, what to do???"
why are you gonna be all mad at me because you got caught in another one of your lies?! it's not my fault you don't know the difference between the truth and a lie  it's ok though <propfemale> will get you 10 times over!  bitch
i'm sick of lying ass cheaters and liars  they're nothng but trouble and heartbreak  why can't i find someone that will be true to themselves and with me      ugh i need a drink  sad 
"if you'd ever learn to actually grow up and stay that way maybe we could be together one day, but that doesn't seem like it's gonna happen anytime soon"
it starts at midnight!  laugh 
i'm finally 21!  laugh   so who wants to party!? lol hopefully everything goes well today for me
just wanna thank all the people that commented my <propfemale> wishing me a happy birthday  i appreciate all of it  thanks everyone  i had a total of 27 bday comments! it was a great day though   
happy birthday to my 1 and only baby  i can't believe 8 years ago she was just a puppy!
why doesn't it even feel like christmas to me? i guess cause i don't have the money to get any of my family gifts  sad  i don't even want anything just to give to my family and friends     *sigh* guess gifts are gonna have to be late once again   annoyed 
"why does it seem like when everything is going great for me, something or someone ruins it all and then everything sucks again  it's like a constant thing that keeps happening to me  never again am i gonna get my hopes up  sad "
"i can't stand when people are so selfish during the holidays  i wish i could give a toy to every child that's not having a christmas     i wouldn't wish not having a christmas on anyone, it's not a very good feeling  thinking about donating some of my old toys, is there still a place open to drop gifts off?"
"i will forever hate christmas from now on, nothing ever goes right and everyone wants to guilt trip me and it's stressin me the hell out  i love jesus christ, but f*** the holiday and trying to give gifts and seein people that just don't appreciate anything!!"
have too much on my mind right now and don't know what to do  i don't know what will make me happy so how will i be able to decide what to do about my situation        annoyed 
"actually been having a decent past couple of days, hope it keeps going this way     or better would be even better lol"
i can't stay here  i wish i had my own car so i could leave anytime i want  i have to move i can't be here anymore it's literally driving me crazy  i wish someone could pick me up now!  sad 
i think i'm begining to be happy again    i just don't know what to think
"had a very long bad day, i need to calm down, i'm still shaking      sad "
finally feeling like i'm happy and don't have to pretend anymore  laugh    never really clicked with somone like this before     it's strange and new but i could get used to it lol
"and i had a great day playin in the snow with zach & <propfemale>, thanks guys, i really needed it  smile "
"about to do a little cleaning, well as much as i can do anyways  i hope i clean as well as my 2nd mom lol"
"why can't some people just let me be happy? someone always has some kind of problem with someone else, instead they need to just worry about themselves and what's going on in their own lives and stay out of mine  i'm gonna do what makes me happy from now on  i'm tired of tryin to make everyone else happy, it's time for me to make myself happy "
19 degrees outside?! my gosh no wonder i freeze to death even if i wear my coat  lol  i love snowy weather though   smile 
my god here we go again   sad   why can't she ever be happy that i at least call her and tell her what's going on instead of doing what i usually do and wait til last <propfemale> to call or not call at all
lol fell asleep and didn't even know i was tired     about to take a shower before he gets home  smile 
