b4797e4acf31f6bb59d1169e2b1c1adb
i hate it when free days go fast
<propmale> and jerry      it just never gets old no matter how many times i see each episode
staring at my big new tv but cant decide what to watch    i hate it when this happens
bed   and if my dog wakes me up at 5 in the mornin again im gonna go out in the cold in my pjs and jack-slap him
i didn't say anything about hitting him with a car so yeah we can still say things about you
on my lunch break gotta go back such a drag   
yay ive got a day off tomorrow so i can sit around and stare at the deserted space where my xbox once was     i wish it would hurry up and get back from repair
i let my neices watch my <propmale> & <propfirst> dvd; i fear i've done a bad thing
just finished watching the dark knight; starting spiderman 3; probably watch iron man or incredible hulk next       im just in a superhero mood i guess
a day off just isn't worth it without anything to do
yay my day off is almost over and i get to go back to work tomorrow!!!     i hope everyone notices the sarcasm there and oh yes im miserable
i need something to do i'm bored out of my mind
watching law abiding citizen      this movie is awesome i think everyone should see it     unless you have a weak stomach
finished that freakin awesome movie and now i'm playin my dsi because my xbox is still absent sad 
just woke up thinkin about what i'm gonna do today because i only gotta work 5 hr's
people just called and said they couldn't repair my xbox sad        so instead they're sending me a brand new one smile  woohoo!!
yay 2 days off!!; now i just need a reason to have a day off  sad 
finally gettin to play halo on my new tv and it is freakin awesome! smile 
saw a war machine action figure at walmart and im totally buying it when i get off work tonight
got my new xbox in smile  i dont know if its just me but it looks like a tank compared to others     i love warranties so much free stuff!! i got a free 120gb harddrive; free wireless controller; free set of wires; free lego batman and free pure smile 
why is it when i push into the corner of my eye i hear 3 clicks in the back of my head?
is picking on random computerised individuals in gta4
the ballad of gay <propfirst> now the best grand theft auto game ever in my book    and it was just dlc
just got home             probably going to bed soon
knows he's gonna get rained on at work today  sad 
made it to lunch without being rained on only 2 more hrs to go          it's still cold as crap though
i didnt get rained on!? im surprised!
"new profile pic, i think its awesome, it took me forever to get the hole shaped right then getting my face in the right position      me as war machine!!!"
ive felt like crap all day      i even missed a day of work for the first time
"is really starting to get tired of rain, especially cold rain!"
"the cold rain needs to go away; the weatherman said it was gonna dry and warm up today, it's still cold and the rain makes it worse; weatherman needs a beaten!"
"hopes the sun shines and it warms up tomorrow and stays that way; had to work in cold rain all day, not fun  sad "
"finally warmed up and when i go back to work i'll be wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and netted shoes     smile "
hail + outside job = sucky day!!!
going to bed with acid on my arm over an open wound yay       yeah it burns!!!!
why do i feel like today is gonna be a long day?
sun finally came out maybe it'll warm up for the rest of the day
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear creator, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  93% won't copy and paste this  i did but will you?"
yep i was right it was a long day but now it's over  smile 
needs something to do i'm bored outta my mind
needs something to do                                  
"\no one can destroy the metal  the metal will strike you down with a vicious blow  we are the vanquished foes of the metal  we tryed to win for why we do not know \"""""
i can drink dr  pepper like water so i'm always surprised when i pick the can up and it's empty ):
"ed\zappity zap zap double d haha!!\""doubled \""ed wait!no!\"" *boooooooooooooooommmmmmm!!!!!!*              those were the days  smile """
i hate mondays!!!!!!
why must a cold wind always ruin an otherwise pleasant weathered day?
starting sherlock holmes  smile 
wonders why the crap is it cold again!?
don't have to work until tomorrow afternoon but i;m bettin i still wake up at 6 smile 0 in the morning
just finished working 7 days straight; now for 2 days off with probably nothing to do  sad 
"got some stupid message about \your behavior looks shocking to me\"" and now apparently it's using my profile to send it to other people; so now i'm getting messages from random people who think it's me and i'm gettin pretty mad about it"""
feels like shooting hapless aliens  smile 
"kicked some alien butt, now i don't know what to do       "
is really not liking this cold hot comfy humid cold hot weather; it needs to pick one and stay with it
i think walmart should flood
woohoo!! halo:reach multiplayer beta today!!!
downloading the beta     11% in about 10 minutes this may take a while but im excited
the wind is like one of those sour patch kids; first it's sour(as in cold as hell in the winter) then its cool and sweet(summer) and then it stabs u in the back!!(colder than hell; winter again) 
ordered pizza; ate pizza; maxed out my rank on the halo: reach beta       it's been a productive day i guess
it's friggin may daggumit why is it friggin cold yet again!?  sad 
ok     it's hot     um     it sucks
got a new phone  smile 
facebook arguements are so fun  laugh 
"got to shoot an mp5, m4, 22 revolver, and an ak-47 today    the ak had a 75 round drum and i shot the crap out of an old microwave with it  smile "
yay 10 hour shift today woohoo!!!       yeah no im tired as crap and im surprised i can still type this day sucked and to make it worse i know ill be cheated out of my extra hours somehow >(
"yay extra hours and as an added bonus i get to get drenched! maybe i'll get struck by lightning next, or maybe a tornado will drop down on me and then go right back up!!great day!"
"ok i get back to work after my lunch break and i changed out of my wet clothes  into dry, i'm walking outside and this old man has his car next to the door loading stuff so he won't get as wet  well i decide to wait there and get his kart when he's done so he can get out of the rain quicker  when he gives me his kart the old senile douchebag has the nerve to say \get out in this rain and work it ain't gonna kill you\"""""
wants a milkshake      sad    
"a very very sad fact of living annoyed man has to make a living\"" which means sucky early mornings and constant aches and pains  sad """
"wow i got on facebook and noone was on!?that never happens,are zombies attacking or something?"
wish i didnt have to work in the mornin      a friend wants me to come party with him and he'll be gone for a year saturday but i gotta go to freakin work      life's a big pain in the a#$     sorry for language but this makes me feel terrible    sad 
"anybody who wants to should come to the park and play frizbe with zach howell, skip, me, and others(not sure who alls already gonna be there)at 6 smile 0 this afternoon"
stayed up till 5 in the mornin got up at around 9 smile 0 bed will probably come early tonight
going to see <propmale> of persia: the sands of time tonight hopefully i can stay awake long enough to make it through it
<propmale> of persia was a really cool movie
facebook on big tv with loud music         i like it!!!
yay for facebook layouts!
"<propfemale> vs capcom 3 will be freakin insane!confirmed characters annoyed capcom: <propfirst> redfield, ryu, morrigan, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propmale>, felicia\<propfemale>: wolverine, iron man, hulk, cpt  <propfemale>, dr  doom, super skrull, deadpool\and there are over thirty playable characters slated"
1 whole year for probably the best fighting game ever to come out    i wish they wouldn't start showing that early it is too long a wait when u know about it ):
"guess what i'm watchin! i'll give you a hint, it has a silver dude on a surfboard and a sorry cloud that's supposed to pass for an iconic planet eater     "
from <propfirst> with love= awesome movie!
just purchased <propfemale> vs capcom 2 on xbox live arcade    i feel it's a good investment
(berserker barrage x)+(shinku-hadou-ken)+(gambit's <propmale> flush)= sad day for the other guy
yay!!! reese's pieces!!!
thixin to watch gladiator  wink 
you can't beat walking around a asphalt parking lot with a cloudless sky and no beeze all day! especially when the heat index is 108*f and rising! oh and then getting your fingers smashed by a 600 lb swimming pool fun fun  love my job    
"take everything in my status earlier, i was by myself on a friday, got blisters on my palms, and then add the fact that my cat was dead for some reason when i got home and guess how miserable i am right now     i'm going to go see the a-team tonight and if it sucks i'm gonna go from miserable to a completely new level of pissed off at my life"
day's goin by fast makes me happy but if it don't slow down after work i'll be sad
just <propfemale> a deadpool comic run and bought a $20 graphic novel  wink 
spider-man-\love all the pockets," you're like a walking fanny pack!\""\"b4797e4acf31f6bb59d1169e2b1c1adb,is downloading the crackdown 2 demo
my computer has gotten a virus and i am unable to do anything with it i'm kinda pissed but i just feel sorry for the p o s  30-somethin nerd who lives in his mom's basement and makes these things
well i spent $55 on deadpool comics and purchased the entire <propfemale> civil war event in one handy textbook thick hardcover comic ÿ
i have my own hurricane!!!!!!!
ò_ó ¤- - - -**€» take that alien menace í_ì
off work for 2 days work friday then 2 more days off ü
i miss my laptop  sad 
crackdown 2 came out today  smile 
im having to use my xbox for facebook so i cant post it on ur wall but happy birthday <propfemale>!
ó_ò
thinks rango is gonna be epic!
                                                              
i am very bored          
"the e playful endables = friggin awesome, and it's now only 30 days till the most anticipated game ever is released [:"
halo: reach in 6 days 01 hr 43 <propfemale> 35 sec
5 days 06 hrs 37 <propfemale> 03 secs
is ready for tuesday!
just fixed my laptop so i can use the internet again finally  laugh 
about to watch the other guys then i dont know what im gonna do        
i am extremely pissed and i don't know why         
just shaved all of my facial hair off for the first time since january 2009
i am extremely friggin happy!!!!! that is all 
