8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e
<propfemale> en ecuador por cinco y media semanas  hasta luego!
"is currently partying it up here in chone, ecuador, leave a message after the beep "
"still in ecuador  computers are freakin slow, and i had like 80 somethin notifications"
is leavin in two freakin days! no quiero ir!
got his wish  missed the plane and is stuck another day 
got his wish  i missed the plane and am here for another day
is missing 30 cent ice cream
is back  pictures will come soon
has so much to organize for such an unorganized mind
is simply happy
"after a month of winning, just lost the game   surprise "
just saw <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>  very trimmed compared to the book
is bored yet unable to do anything to fix it
"is wondering why \to hope\"" and \""to wait\"" are the same word in spanish  who's bright idea was that?"""
"has to work  yes, i've had to work 6 of the past seven days and will have to work 5 more   sad "
has got 2 hours straight of karate  bring on the pain
is trying to teach himself charango
just now figured out how to upload photos and is feeling rather proud of himself for it 
is currently thanking babelfish for its existence as a translating website  wouldn't get far without it 
loves his new strat
is psyched that capo is back on!
never knew graphic novels were so cool  they're like a movie in your head!
is off to rock hill
gets his sister back from camp tomorrow
is currently angry at the movie coraline but can't say why without angering more people
isn't ready for school yet!
finally after three long years has a new phone!
school   yay
survived first day
"wow, already has too much homework"
is shocked a story turned out to be true
"karate test at 12, hanging with friends afterwards  it's gonna be a good day"
thinks karate test went well
is worried about <propfemale> letter  color of water test tomorrow
"passed his karate test! means new belt, new classes, and more free sparring!!!"
is ready for a friday
is getting bothered by all these cause requests
is ready for capo at noda tonight!
is off to carowinds  be back tonight
has got nothin to say
lied
"\sometimes when i freestyle i lose confidence\"""""
has psychology homework!!
thank god it's the weekend!
is trying to chart the economics of friends    not an easy project
had an awsome time at tosco music party  now back to homework  sad 
hates ib internal assessments
has 2 hours of karate  this should be fun
<propfirst> ur a dead man!
has  to prepare for weekend trip to mountains  difficult to access any technology
probably will be voting for himself as well
is off to the mountains  back monday
isn't ready for school!
"seriously? 3 friends on chat?! forget that, i'm going to bed"
must find time to watch house on hulu!
wish he could remember the name of that band that played the cool remix of amazing grace in caldwell's class
"a three day weekend should be a comfortable relaxation, not more free time for teachers to add homework to fill"
"two down, one to go"
is done!! well mostly but done!  laugh 
oh my god the first episode of new season of house is finally on hulu!
finished the house episode  now i can sleep happily!
one more project to do and i might have some free time
has got homework done!!!!!!    now what?
is unsure
why must facebook be so retarted?
"ok seriously, i think the button saying \mafia wars\"" isn't meant to direct to \""home\"""""
got a busy weekend
has got a beastly essay ready for ap english!
is off to the <propmale> county fair 
is just chillin
is having a good day so far
"is starting to see the literalism in the phrase \ib students will have no social life \""  sad """
is going on a music-buying frenzy  don't try to stop me!
might be coming down with something  crap!
thought club day went rather well
might just get a relaxing day
"finished watching zulu, pretty cool"
is sad he can't find a good version of the keyboard scene from the movie big on youtube
at least knows not to go picking fights with men in drag
has an essay to do
finished his essay!!!! hell yes!!!!
is really not liking dbq's
can't get no! i can't get no! i can't get no satisfaction
passed the aptitude test for governor's school!
needs to write them essays
found out naruto is on hulu    all 200 episodes  i think i'll be busy for a while
probably has swine flu  only time will tell  good night
doesn't have h1n1 but is still sick
finds naruto subtitiled much more entertaining than naruto dubbed
"got a new haircut, got a recipe for fake blood that should work, this'll be a fun halloween"
had to walk home  you never quite appreciate a bike til you have to walk
"\are your parents <propfemale> and susan?\"" lol"""
i don't know how to feel about this  betrayed? maybe too harsh
is having a god awful day
is glad we got the day off  now to write an essay   
what in the world is in mcdonalds fries?
"despite general poor weather, day's been fine  we'll see about the evening"
ok so day so far has been really good  so why am i not satisfied?
is trying to get everything set up for the martial arts club make-up picture and meeting monday and tuesday  lot to do
is ready to partay!
i don't know
wishes you could put music for your status
is having a good day
"(stolen from <propmale>) will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, personal or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get "
two more days!
one more day
is happy with the way things are
hates coming back from vacations
why must life go in a constant cycle of too much going on and not enough? why can't it just balance off at a suitable level of busyness?
mylifeisaverage com has just made my life  just saying
"ok, so hopefully life will uncomplicate itself sometime soon"
"one project down, two to go"
"cool bit of info  go to google and type in \i really\"" then wait for the pop down recomendation box and see what the first option is """
great family bonding moment: watching sesame street and muppets' videos for an hour
feels like the world is conspiring against him for its sheer pleasure
thought martial arts club went rather well
ob la de ob la da life goes on bright  lalalala life goes on
good party
stuck at home with little to do  save me!
needs to get these essays done
trying to write a philosophy paper on the morality of deathnote  it would be fine without the 1600 word minimum to deal with 
"well, that was a nice way to unwind  went to see the new tron movie"
so tired after a day of work
busy pretty much all weekend with my sis's bat-mitzvah  good luck <propfemale>!
"bat mitzvah went great, back to school and already wishing for another break"
"wow, so the <propfemale> weather freaking out was actually not for nothing  who knew?"
got an econ ia to do
wow  and it snowed again  way to go global climate change
"went to see <propmale> <propmale> lightning thief movie with family  worst decision ever  all-around pitiful acting, cut out most of a plot which had been pretty bad to begin with, and directing that makes one want to cry  sorry, had to rant about it somewhere"
"desperately wants to see the karate kid remake  i don't care if it is nothing without mr  miyagi, it looks like it'll be good "
is dead tired after cupid's cup  and has to go work at nature museum now    great
thinks today will be a good day
finally got done with a couple projects and can chill    or can he?
"is ready for a weekend of karate  got my sensei's sifu comin and 10 hours of seminar planned  should be a fun, painful e playful erience"
survived the ten hours of sifu <propfirst> bustillo  it was well worth it
life is comprised of dull periods of little to do and stressful periods of too much  wouldn't it be great if you could just find the point in between and stay there?
"got nature museum later  til then, i'll find some way to keep entertained"
got karate practice later
"feelin good after karate practice  managed to pin the guy many pounds heavier than me that i could never pin and i beat a high red belt in sparring (granted he was half my height, but oh well, still a win)"
is just not in a wonderful mood right now and has no idea why
"saw <propfemale>'s waltz last night  wow, definitely recommend seeing that  good job to <propfemale>"
"tis a sad, sad day when the simpsons is what i turn to to cheer me up"
really hurtin from karate today  it's a good hurt though
did not have a good day  and no its not just because the weather sucks
just got back from touring unc chapel hill  looks really nice
it's getting better all the time
"great, one of those dull periods already and break's hardly begun"
is finally done being sick   i hope  checkin out uva tomorrow and mayber today
"just when i was thinking i was over this sickness, nope, no health for you! so no uva as well  chillin at home now"
"ok so i think i'm well again, but only time will tell"
"babysittin this evening, work tomorrow, school the day after  fun"
wishes trees bred asexually
got a belt test tomorrow and can already anticipate the pain  should be fun
well belt test went good and bad  bad: i did absurdly bad while sparring due to extreme exhaustion  good: still got my belt so i guess it all turned out well
is regretting not going to prom  curse you  procrastination!
ap's  and ib's  yep that encompasses the majority of my thinking
"one down, eight to go"
is bickering with parents over whether cms's holy unexcused absence gives me the right to not go to school the morning before my ib exam
beasted that ib psych exam
"bizarre morning: finished ib psych exam, got ride to school to make up apush practice exam, no ride back  answer? walk a mile in flip-flops  hurts to wear flip-flops? walk down selwyn barefoot  oh you shoulda seen the weird looks"
"well, weekend at the mountains was a relaxing break from all the ap chaos  wat sucked was coming back and discovering our house was egged  nothin damaged but we're now telling dad the drawbacks of stalking the neighborhood with a shotgun looking for the teens who we think did it  i think he's simmered down enough"
karate this afternoon
"\all i can say is that my life is very plain  i like watching the puddles gather rain\"""""
combat conditioning class this afternoon  *groans* i need it but boy it's gonna hurt
"well, workout class was hard    but not the pain and suffering i e playful ected  i don't know whether to feel relieved or dissapointed "
hangin around the house til i gotta go tour uva
in uva  or will be soon
is working on his envisci project all day
not now!! watching lost
"ok so the day i start being ecofriendly and biking to school, it rains only for as long as i am riding  yep that's right, stopped as soon as soon as i arrived home  environment, this is not very motivating"
just discovered there is paper made of elephant poo  who knew?
watching <propfirst> leno jaywalking videos  really funny yet sad how stupid <propfemale> can get
saw welcome to the monkeyhouse yesterday at cast  there were no monkeys
is trying to figure out what to do for the psychology project  i've just got to find some kind of artwork and analyze the psychological aspects of it 
ok so no artwork  instead i'm working with a movie  what all is psychological about the bourne identity beside free-will and his amnesia?
2 more days
is done!!!
"just finished his own spontaneous friend purging  more thorough than i thought it would be  if you're still a friend, congratulations  if not, sorry, don't take it too personally  either i don't see talk to you enough, or, quite honestly, i don't consider you a friend by my definition  take your pick which"
"is planning to not have a summer like last \years, sitting around doing nothing  if anybody is doing anything in the\ next couple of weeks, let me know"
has to go help with graduation later today  hopefully it won't be half as chaotic as practice was
"it was  still, somehow, it all worked out"
is already getting stir crazy
"is cramming for the mta auditions  still need to find two contrasting monologues, but i got a decent headshot today"
anybody know of some good teen monologues? i need to find 2 contrasting and i'm really having trouble
is scrambling for monologues  yes that is all i can worry about right now
has completed his monologue quest  now to get it memorized
is panicking about the auditon
got the audition today  wish me luck!
audition went well  now for something new to focus on
feels his life going slowly more idle
despises the department of motor vehicles with a flaming passion of a thousand burning suns
got a callback from evolution studios!!
is off to the mountains followed by chicago  probably won't be on facebook for a couple weeks  bye
"is now in chicago by the way, and got to see wait wait    don't tell me live! my life is complete"
"will be leaving chicago tomorrow morning  <propfirst> has also decided that if northwestern university could only remain at 85 degrees year round, it would be his certain choice for a college"
"got his ap's! a 3 on macroeconomics, a 4 on apush, and 5's on calc bc, envi sci, psychology, and english language!"
"despises holy fields  and if you don't know what they are, you are blessed"
is currently practicing spinning a pencil around my thumb while watching anime  i am bound and determined to get this
i got it! now just to practice some more
off to deep creek lake for the weekend  also still practicing!
i'm back!!
you know an anime is good when you mourn the loss of a character  just got to l's death in deathnote
"has done the math and discovered he must go to every karate class physically possible for the next 2 weeks in order to test  procrastination, why have you betrayed me?"
has happily discovered that he will not be trapped in his house by the booty loop after all
never thought bicyclists were so intimidating until now
"so today while walking to freedom park to shoot my video project for my next karate belt test with <propfirst> baker, i feel a rain drop on my face followed by several more  as i walk back home while calling <propfirst> to reschedule, it begins to pour  great"
who all's going to be at the mall this friday?
is at the beach  be back in a week
less than a week til school  so not ready
got contacts!
"way to screw over the educational system cms!! in case you haven't gotten the email, cms won't pay for ap or ib tests anymore"
so far school's been good  not too overwhelming
got a karate test tomorrow  gotta make sure i'm well rested and ready
"passed his karate test! although i nearly collapsed from dehydration and extreme exhaustion, i didn't, so extra victory!"
despises microsoft word
is in dire need of a relaxing weekend
got a new bike! no more riding the school bus
"two days of school, then off to new york  sooo busy!"
doesn't know how he feels
"of all the ways to hurt myself putting in a contact, slicing my thumb open was nowhere near the top of my list "
knows how he feels  really frickin angry!
is feeling great after a two day trip to new york
"got the new martial arts club tee shirts, and they look awesome!"
"ech, yom kippur  the holiday of hunger"
is in nirdvana  episodes of the big bang theory and eureka on disc
"so apparently cockroaches are not only radiation resistant, they also take an absurdly long time to drown  well, i'm scared"
"has got karate later  ah well, i need the practice anyway"
anybody know of a good brand for earphones? my apple ones finally kicked the bucket
you never truly appreciate the legibility of your own handwriting until you try to read everyone else's
reading dr  mcninja  wow
ginormous philosophy essay to work on  *groan
"is eighteen, has a drivers license, and a mild case of the flu  bet you didn't see that last one coming, eh?"
"had a good friday  also, i hope myers park didn't get beaten too badly at our own homecoming  anybody know how we faired?"
"had an awesome surprise party  and no, i did not e playful ect that level of sneakiness for my family  also social network was very good"
"is gonna go see the social network again!!! thanks to mp's wonderful planning  ah well, at the very least, i'll get some rest"
karate later today  gotta start picking up classes fast
"so trying to watch fullmetal alchemist after finishing fullmetal alchemist brotherhood, not my greatest idea  it's just no fun watching the prequel after the sequel"
"another week, *sigh"
"so my sister made me watch the first three episodes of soul eater  weird stuff, man"
"had an epic radio e playful erience driving back from karate  first singing to bohemian rhapsody a la <propmale>'s world, then jamming to american woman  so worth all the stares i got "
college apps  *groan
had a really busy afternoon
is both angry and disappointed 
has mats
successfully walked around his neighborhood blind and did not hit anything!
just discovered ratemyteachers com  new way to waste time?
"gah, soooo much stress  this week is great, but it needs to be done"
just wasted nearly an hour researching candidates  the price of being an educated voter
martial arts club interest meeting tomorrow  'bout time!
hurts all over!!!
"off to texas, be back by thursday night"
finished his 24 hours of blindness!
had an awesome last night  hope it was a good birthday <propfemale>
new objective: learn to flip coin over fingers
"ended a pretty suckish day well yesterday  after two tests and one quiz in school, i got to <propfemale> at the mall then went to see the elephant man at cast"
only a couple days to eat-yourself-to-death day  should be fun
off to washington d c  for thanksgiving
back from d c and praying i'll be over my illness before tomorrow
"so much to do, so little time"
watchin  laugh   so funny
stayin home with a stomach bug
needs a haircut  suggestions?
"had a busy, but good, day  martial arts club went phenomenally well despite verifying murphy's law: anything that can go wrong, will "
off to the mountains  be back monday
"ahh, nothing like a relaxing weekend in the great ole outdoors  *he says from his computer monitor*"
"is mildly pissed he had to miss two different parties for his little weekend retreat  but, so life goes"
"ok, scratch that little care-free status  i am pissed i missed the parties  opportunity costs never hurts so bad"
loves that euphoric feeling after a good kick-boxing class in the morning
is already getting stir crazy  anybody doin anything?
had a good afternoon  happy christmas to all
is drowning in essays 
kickboxing later this afternoon
"so me, barely balancing on a bosu, thighs shaking from tiredness, waiting to catch the 15 lb medicine ball my sensei will <propmale> at my face  when was this a good idea?!"
and once again drowning in essays!!!
just watched <propfirst> darko  i recommend everyone see it
was mourning the closing of visart video 
studying for mid-terms  fun stuff
is debating buying a hardstyle album of 100 songs for 10 bucks off itunes  i gotta look into this first
"\nothing was well built then\""\",8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,"ok call me a nerd, but am i the only person mildly pissed about losing a day of review for midterms?"
"so there's this new show on <propmale> called house of anubis  it has terrible acting, terrible writing, and i hate everything about it  but   i    can't take my eyes away"
"after 5 days of lazing about, i've finally got karate this afternoon  this'll be tough"
just finished fullmetal alchemist  kinda sad considering it doesn't end nearly as cheerily as brotherhood did
needs a new anime to watch  any thoughts?
two more exams  two more excruciatingly long exams
it is done!
is back from the mountains
possibly has a metal shard stuck in his middle finger because he decided to stop procrastinating on the song for work which he was supposed to accompany on guitar  fml
so the whole buying 100 hardstyle songs for 10 bucks    smartest decision i ever made 
got done 5 songs in guitar lesson! now i'm feeling accomplished
desperately needs some r&r
"<propmale>, you made my week"
"is disappointed he can't go to the mall tomorrow  ah well, c'est la vie"
the superbowl this year was excruciatingly disappointing
"after watching 2001: a space odyssey \\wha-\""\",8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,\iago loved dezzy\,8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,ran the cupid's cup this morning  sooooo tired!
feels accomplished
just watched some college kids playing quidditch across the street  i have new-found respect for queens university
amongst other new-found respects: my entire school got rick-rolled by the morning announcements  they get my approval
anybody got a good method for dealing with a bone that's been bruised for about a week?
"my maserati does 185\i lost my license, now i don't drive\i have a limo, ride in the back\i lock the doors in case i'm attacked"
"had a god awful day, thanks for asking"
"rip <propfirst> \sucuri\"" togno"""
"congrats aj bishop <propmale> on an awesome roda for his new belt  just like the old times \\also, <propfemale> be workin at the nature museum tomorrow, so busy til 2"
"batiatus: come with us  see to it i don't misuse the money \gracchus: don't be ridiculous  i'm a senator "
"just finished another anime, black butler  need more! anybody got any recommendations?"
loves that feeling after a tough kickboxing
i have a monk spade!!! and it's awesome!!! thank you so much sensei!!!
"so much work, so little time  gonna have to focus on this"
is already nervous
"oh, today"
first progress check for black belt cycle starts in an hour  hope it goes well
"it\is\done!!!\   at least the first of ten"
finished black butler ii  good ending  crazy powerful <propfemale> vu moment near the end
had a sore-tacular day
i'm going to finish that graduation project today  it is decided
"so i get maybe an hour at home today, not including sleeping which was nice"
two more days til no graduation project  i just can't wait!
no kickboxing for today  gotta attend my sister's theater class presentation  sorry sensei!
graduation project? done!!!
"printers, why you no let me sleep?!"
hates when there's a song he really wants but it's not on itunes
i got into unc!!!
just restrung my guitar on my own  i feel accomplished
hates how online physics never works til the day it's due
"so after taking a survey on risky behavior in teens at school, i began thinking my life isn't nearly exciting enough"
feels absolutely awful  i hate allergies
turns out it's more than allergies  got a high fever and had to miss school
is feeling much better after spending his entire freaking day at the unc scholars day
"so, progress check today  hope i'm over my sickness, or else this'll be a long 4 hours"
just discovered he has an essay to write by monday  another con to being sick
"feeling remarkably ok after yesterday's progress check  i still can't move my thumb more than a few inches, but at least it's stopped hurting"
finished my long paper in under an hour  new record!
dorkin out to pokemon black
power outtage at the cabin so we're basically stuck in <propfemale>
"iron man 2 is so stupid  cliche plot, bad acting, terrible line delivery    yet i can't stop thinking how awesome the last fight scene was"
"watching south park with my dad  very funny, but kinda   weird"
"so today was not quite as good as i'd hoped  no massage, but i did get 3 hours of karate and a nice lunch"
wants to start a tautology club
finally got power back at his house
"\what! what! what! wha- no! what! no! what! no! i can't! believe! it's not! butter! what! f***! no!\""\",8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,finished guitar lesson  my hand hurts sooo much!
"finally got his internet back! yay, no more web withdrawal!"
"looking at a housing application  on essay prompt was, \\\you are earth's ambassador to a distant planet  unfortunately"," the local inhabitants only understand song titles  e playful lain magnets \""\"8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,got back from his u va adventure  cannot wait for college
currently in love with v for vendetta
i've made a discovery: ten pounds weighs a lot more after 3 <propmale> of jogging with it
steadily losing faith in our government 
"so after adopting a new dog, i raced off to a not-quite-as-bad-as-i-thought progress check  not too bad of a day"
"so that not-quite-so-bad progress check, the pain came a little late  my calf muscles are refusing to loosen "
two tests and my mind is already blown  only 7 more to go
"i feel like a guitar beast!!! now not only can i play all of stairway to heaven by memory minus solo, but i can now make my own solo that sounds good!!! sorry, just had to e playful ress this excitement"
loves office space  so much
"a morning of ib math hl followed by an afternoon of ap physics got me thinking, \being a philosophy <propmale> wouldn't be too bad  lot's of time to think \"""""
"in relation to a particularly difficult test question annoyed \graph the relationship as the distance increases   \",8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,has stumbled upon stumbleupon  i'm hooked
"busy day  three karate classes down, one prom to go"
"has a new goal, hope i can pull it off  try to talk to a stranger each day for 30 days  i found this via stumbleupon and i challenge anyone brave and willing to join me in it"
day one of talk to a stranger: completed
who knows what gynecomastia are?
1% of people are sociopaths    i have 245 friends  this is a question that has always plagued me: which two are part of that percentage?
"ok sensei, that was a brutal and evilly difficult test well beyond anything i could have e playful ected or dreamed of in my worst nightmares  happy?"
is actually feeling nostalgic about school  who'dve e playful ected that?
this summer will not let my introversion bring me down
had a good day at the pool  despite having my shoulders baked a nice lobster red
finds out about his roommate tomorrow!
"cleaned out all my binders  sadly, burning stuff in your parent's back yard within city limits is a no-no   sad "
is graduated
has finally learned all the monk spade kata!!! now i just gotta practice some
"just got back from mountains  only one day up there, but it was still pretty relaxing"
"\everything is changing  people are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke \""\",8fc8b5a6be551dbd972052255e37525e,is currently addicted to the itouch app fooducate  so useful
got a new itouch  been playin with it endlessly
has a multitude of bruises across his legs as well as some other uncomfortable areas
"just finished forgetting <propfemale> <propfirst>, amongst other visart rentals  ugh, such a great comedy"
new york plans to feed its captured geese to the homeless  no joke
off to greece for a couple weeks  no phone so contact me through facebook
first day of using 365 workout app  i now see how far in shape i could be
greece!
so tired  jet lag + workout =  sad 
"finally got wifi  congrats to all the new promotions at cmaa, you guys deserve it "
now in crete for 3 days
"finished the girl who\kicked the hornets nest  really good series, definitely would recommend"
finally got wifi after visiting sparta
"climbing mount olympus, be back soon"
"swears he saw a new book in the twilight series all in greek  suffice to say, i'm deeply concerned"
"was just at thermopylae  it looked very different, but 'twas still epic"
has an achey stomach and possibly chronic gastritis  wonderful
"accidentally did 50 more push-ups than his workout required  ah well, it's to my benefit anyway"
almost back in the us
is home  and probably asleep by the time you read this
"pleasant surprise this morning: my phone which i intentionally turned off during the trip spontaneously turned on sometime during the trip and saved 6 text messages  btw becca strunin, <propfirst> pomeroy, and <propfirst> grimes, i was away since 4th of july, that's why i didn't reply"
"got my aps\music theory: 5 (although 3 for aural part)\statistics: 4\physics b: 4\spanish lang: 4\english lit: 4"
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right  wink "
"is currently in love with deadman wonderland  thank you <propmale> at visart, for introducing me to such a gory and gripping anime"
in charlottesville for a couple days
at u va
is back from orientation with his new laptop!
absolutely adores his new laptop
home alone for the next two days  cue risky business scene
"after getting home from babysitting at 1 smile 0 in the morning, being woken up an hour early by my parents alarm clock at 7, discovering my dog had shredded half the objects in our family room, and waiting 5-10 minutes to get past the booty loop, i had resigned myself to the fact that today was going to be awful  then my karate progress check was canceled due to a camper having lice  i am both angry and overjoyed"
anybody know a good way to transfer itunes stuff to a new computer?
anybody free for dinner? eating solo is no fun
is anyone other than me extraordinarily pleased we didn't default?
was pleasantly surprised  saw it's kind of a funny story and thought it was well done  it's weird seeing <propmale> galifianakis in a serious role
is very sore after yesterday's grappling
is thinking of getting a cordless mouse  anybody have one they want to get rid of or have suggestions of what to get?
went to get breakfast at starbucks  now i remember why i prefer caribou so much more
"had a good evening  fun karate class, torrential downpour of rain, and canonball run  nice way to end the day"
had an awesome time at the goo goo dolls concert  thanks again <propfirst> tosco for the tickets
saw memento just now  i can see why people think it's a masterpiece of modern film
"all my passwords from now on will be \correct horse battery staple\"""""
"a conversation from cleverbot annoyed \person: tell me a story\cleverbot: once upon time, there was a purple squirrel named mashahllliiumsbdadnwl he was a happy squirrel  \\   some programmer has a brilliant sense of humor"
my last day of karate at cmaa  i'm actually getting nostalgic
is sick   two days before move-in   figures
packing everything!!!
"at uva  it's packed with excited, overwhelmed-looking new first-years"
epic last night  saw we the kings who weren't half bad and some starters who weren't quite as good  then watched fight club in the lounge  good way to start
loves college
signed up for like 30 clubs    i don't know how this'll work out
thank god for 2 p m  classes  the fire alarm wouldn't stop running til 3 smile 0 in the morning
absolutely loves the wushu club  this will be my obsession for the next four years
hurts so good! thank you wushu for giving me the most awkward soreness
"so, mushin jitsu club is inactive, which means i feel less guilty for going to wushu and parkour daily"
"to one of my computer programming savvy friends, i have a challenge  i want to somehow connect two cleverbots to each other and observe the results  anyone have a good idea of how to do this?"
had an amazing time watching <propmale> deluca hypnotize a bunch of uva students  highlights include a guy eating his apple friend and a guy ogling a large crowd of people in their underwear
i just realized how effectively sealed off i am from the news  the only piece of news i've seen in the past week and a half was the cavdaily newspaper which barely qualifies for news
http annoyed  www npr org 2011 09 01 140124824 robot-to-robot-chat-yields-curious-conversation?ft=1&f=100
got laundry done! and i have a workout schedule! today is hopefully the start of actual productiveness
is it hipster to feel wonderful knowing i'm a week ahead of xkcd jokes?
two weeks without news and the first politician on the daily show makes me rethink any partisanship i had  curse you <propmale> roemer and your obscenely logical platform!
"so, apparently only 18% of the general population can solve this quickly annoyed \say the opposite of these words as quickly as you can annoyed \1: always\    2: coming\3: from\4: take\5: me\6: down"
"so a bright shiny warm day turned into rain, downpour, hail, downpour of hail, and bright sunshine  wtf charlottesville?!!!"
mathcad must die!!!
"i applaud you prof  sherriff, you really made learning about encryption fun "
is now officially a wash provisional member!!!
"good morning! isn't it a bright lovely day! the sun is shining, birds are chirping, and - mother of god it's cold!!! gah, oh god, why?!"
so this morning i did 50 pushups without break as part of my workout  it made me think of how far i've come from struggling out only 25 a year ago
"guy in patriotic boxers and a scream mask runs thru chem lecture, stops to say \long live lady <propfemale>! huzzah!\"" then runs out the back door  everyone in that room had a minute of wtf"""
"i am about to throttle mathcad  it can convert every single unit except celsius and farenheit, which might be just a little necessary in calculating multiple thermal exchanges "
god i missed eureka
"returning to <propfemale> in the next 24 hours, for a weekend of pain  not how i e playful ected my first return trip from college to be "
in town til sunday afternoon  anyone want to meet up either sunday morning or saturday night?
so stressed about the weekend
"well, because of the football game, there is no wushu today nor open gyms  time to get some laundry done!"
cold   so cold   oustide   and inside
my mind is blown  trying to solve a calculation for thermal transfer by conceptualizing a concept i only basically understand  *brain splatters over laptop*
i feel happy knowing the first research i have to do in college today is watching disney <propfemale> movies
i haz peanuts!!! time to go tame some squirrels!!
<propmale> jobs died not 6 hours ago    and the wikipedia <propfemale> is already updated  i don't know how i feel about that
chem lab: in an out in half an hour #likeaboss
"had a truly awe-inspiring historical tour of uva  like, that moment when you realize, how awesome the history of it is, and you're a part of it"
surprise! i'm in <propfemale>! hit me up <propfemale>ans
soooo much techno  i'm alternating through four different music players and about five genres and being very unproductive as a result
