ba9dde0f5671087842b41dc4a0ef3f38
"i neeeeeeeeeeed phone <propfirst>, i feel so alone"
"md, cpw  youre both in my thoughts and prayers"
dude fuck ny
"people suck, new york sucks, niskayuna sucks, along with not knowing people  that sucks too"
im beat
chillin
did i do something wrong?
"tired  cysed about skating boston tomorrow    after the 3 hour drive haha, yay for leaving at 8a m! excrpt not really"
hour-ish away from boston  its rainy  sad 
about to go see clash of the titans
im exhausted  waking up at 5 yesterday and going to bed at 12 last might just to wake up at 6 to now be at this shithole for a school
ahhh!
i dont know what to do
i hate people
"most people, not all"
"is it too much to ask for, to have friends that arent two-sided? to atain friends that you can trust, that you can rely on? i suppose that its too much for me to ask for"
dont post that bs on my profile  thanks
"so    i fell in my pool today in a desperate attempt to save a chipmunk who was chillin by the filter  oh and i forgot to mention, my phone, ipod, wallet, and keys were on me "
"my new phone came in the mail today, im still ipod-less however"
roor 10ish days til im home
is leaving in 8 days most likely  possibly 9
whaaaats good?
im pretty sure the storm scared the hunger shitless out of us - <propmale> mcpimp
drivin back to sunset from south <propfemale> in a huge storm  fun
probably goint to kill myself when i return to new york
fml
i hate this
 sad   sad   sad 
ahhhh!
in pennsylvania   
fuck me running?
watchin the green zone    kinda
"cleaned my garage, my room, my pool  i have no life in this damned state  well also considering the fact that im grounded    lol   grounded"
cambodian breast milk is the best
i seem to be extremely bored
frustrated
just wrote my soul philosophy and it was all deleted with no warning woohoo  goodnight people
summer school is a kick in the gooch
scheduled my road test  its not til august 9th  sad 
chillin with muh sister an cameo
just got home
all day everyday
"lost power at steves last night, chilled in the shed and watched the epic storm brought to us by mother nature"
chillin
nigga
boringboringboringboringboringboringboring
i gots tto find something to do
damnation oink oink birch
damn
i need to get out of here
people these days are so consceded
just got done skatin an takin a dip in the pooool
absolutely excellent day
argh! angerr  hah sure
worn out from swimming
ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! why?
ouch
tirrred
"check my backround bitch, im super legit"
i gots to stop livin wit my head in tha clouds
philosophical entaglement
"goodnight world, good day sandman  its time to reach for the stars, relax, lay down and sleep until the sun rises, to awaken me with the <propfemale> warmth of a beam of light  goodnight"
"i know how much you like helmets, so i got you a helmet to wear on top of your ol helmet"
"what up? whats happenin? all you haters can get at me, cuz i hear ya, an im watching, but im serious, so all i gotta say is whaaat up   "
skatepark tomorriw sounds like a winning idea
"skatepark was a good idea, however im pretty beat i must say"
"pretty beat, straight up"
kfc should sell watermelon by the slice with the purchase of a crispy fried variety bucket haha
my hand hurts haha
perfectly imperfect
"we will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet, thats eight million <propmale> in the sky"
"like a leaf stuck in a vacume cleaner, yall aint nothin but a whole lotta suckin goin on in rap, yeah but im home, bad to the bone, back in the zone"
"here is something you cant understand, how i could just kill a man"
"pretty lights, eh?"
wants to skate the next day that is nice
"chillin, im pretty beat"
fresh 
goodnight
mile in 6:54    nice
sleepless nights and city lights
who you tryin to get crazy with ese? dont you know im loco?
is feelin like a zombie with a headcold  sucks
its the end of the world as we know it
zombified
and it begins
"16 hours, feelin like a ragdoll"
"come all you weary with your heavy loads\lay down your burdens find rest for your souls\cause my yoke is easy and my burden is kind\i’ll take yours upon me and you can take mine"
shibby
cold yet excited to see people again
"carlisle, <propfemale> for the night"
almost there   
chillin
the exact difference between two opposites is the same
my time here has passed by incredibly too fast
if only there was a word that i could conjour up and use to precisely describle how i feel
stupid people   
my fluctuating freestyle
goodnight errbody
happy halloween peoples
xbox live update?
fml
ahhh!!!!
hows my shoe taste?
niggas be tryin to <propfirst> my lucky charms
sloppy drunk sex on a saturday night
a person like you couldnt get laid  in a monkey whorehouse with a bag of bananas
its a good day    except not really
"what the hell is up with everyone having cartoons as their profile picture? is that the \in\"" thing to do now?"""
not having my phone is killlllling me
bitch ass nigga
i always find it more difficult to say the things i mean than the ones i dont
life's a beach and im just playin in the sand
