8637015b0773525bd9159392c97790b9
"sits here bored out of his mind, thinking about absolutely nothing "
"enjoying my weekend off the only way i know how, doing absolutely nothing "
all work and no play make <propmale>     well it makes me an employee of in-n-out 
"got my raise because i'm that fucking good at it, next day i get a sweet farmer's tan on my head that outlines my hat "
"you know what's good in life  baking  baking right in the morning, even just as i am waking up  it's like waking and baking   > >"
what if all the world's inside of your head just creations of your own? your devils and your gods all the living and the dead and you're really all alone? - nine inch nails
"hmmmmmm, i'm hungry  i'm not sure what i'm feeling quite yet though  chinese sounds pretty good, but a burrito sounds pretty damn good too  hmmmm, or an oven roasted chicken from bel air  just a big ass tub of kfc gravy and one really big ass straw "
why the fuck am i staring at facebook? how the hell did i get sucked into this shit?
"oh hi, didn't see you there  well     this is awkward  i'm gonna go ahead and leave now   "
"i'm eating raspberries and watching half baked, yet i'm eyeballin' those chunky chips ahoy  ooooooooohhhhhh, those double chocolate chunk muffins  oh mah gawd!!! mmmmmmmmmmmm "
"wow, i am getting older, noooooooooooo"
"no internet for a few days, moving all my stuff into new place  it's fucking sweet!"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i have internet again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mmmmmmmmmmmm i have a slow roasting pot roast that has been cooking in the crockpot for almost 7 hours now  it's gonna be so fucking good when i get home from work 
"i am about to go lay down after i set up a nice little playlist on itunes to crash out too and it's one of those nights when you know: i am going to be sleeping gooooooooooooood     so good, i am soooooooooooo comfortably numb right now "
two mids in a row! who needs a life outside of work!??!
"if existence can only be felt through your senses, what exists beyond that, if what is interpreted by your brain as sense, truly exists in the first place? \i'm in danger of eventually driving myself insane from the crazy things i think  \just a heads up "
"so, the power of a well written e-mail questioning someone's moral values in the light of situation that could be easily rectified has paid off  my doctor sent my presciption straight to the pharmacy for pick up today, instead of next week and physical therapy called me and rescheduled for tomorrow, instead of a week and half from now  wow did i just hit a homerun on getting in their heads "
tossing and turning all night long makes me an angry person 
subatomic particles make up particles which make up atoms which in clusters of rediculous amounts makes up all matter which starting from <propfemale> ants being a insignificantly small to beings our size which are dwarfed by mountains which only make up a <propfemale> piece of this planet 
"so bp is doing a good job so far getting 15,000 barrels a day now! too bad the us geological survey says the fissure is pumping out 25,000 more that they aren't collecting "
highlight of my day: scooping out piles of shit covered toilet paper seat covers from the men's bathroom toilet as i'm standing in about 3 4 of an inch of water  the entire bathroom was flooded and started to spill into the hallway 
snacking on baby carrots like woah!
i really hate those dreams where you wake up slightly confused and then realize it was a dream 
i really want bacon 
"my stomach says stop but i kept going, oh my gawd i need a nap or i'm gonna throw up "
"okay, so i am going to put my shoes down next to my cabinet when i see this <propfemale> fucking spider with a little web there  so i do the logical thing and grab my torch lighter because this little fucker is gonna burn, so i toast him and he runs up under the cabinet  i unleash the torch under that shit and a fucking huge clump of dead spider drops with the little one "
"why does shit cost so much? well, the federal reserve has made up \trillions of dollars out of thin air, put an interest on it and loaned \it to our government which is an outta control shopaholic carrying a \credit card with no limit that they inturn force taxes on you to pay \for  at the same time putting out so much of the dollar pumps it into \huge supply thus being worth less "
posse comitatus -  \the act prohibits most members of the federal uniformed \,8637015b0773525bd9159392c97790b9,"had a good laugh watching more 9 11 videos  greatest lie of our generation and the people just bought into it  ridiculous lies, just plain ridiculous  go ahead and take some time to read, this won't be long "
"so as it stands, the new oil cap is all for nothing, it didn't meet pressure and they are removing it  this leaves their last resort of the relief wells, which even if they do work, there is still oil coming up from fissures in the ocean floor  running out of options and the water is getting over saturated with methane gas  it's a turning into a ticking time bomb "
"north korea has said it will use it's nuclear capabilities if the united states continues with it's war games being set up on sunday  the last time a nuke was used was at the end of ww2  there's a reason for that, the magnitude of death and complete destruction was unlike anything ever seen "
"the bible and gay marriage    interesting topic  god says love one another and when death comes he will be the ultimate decider  to those who like to look at the bible literally on this subject which i believe come from a passage in leviticus, do we also look literally at other passages in the same section? how about these?"
waking up sweating is not cool 
"so what's better than chipotle? haha stupid question, nothing    except when you can order it online and skip the ridiculously long line "
"oh sweet, my next week's schedule got e-mailed to me    oh i close mon, tues and wed and then do clean up on the weekend  yay, i have a job!"
tiger's mint chocolate    mmmmmmmmm
"today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday, was it worth it? - ghandi"
"finally done with classes, officially a manager!"
"one more night then two days off, so nice!"
"registration apparently has been e playful ired since august, work day the next 4 days  is the lodi dmv better to go to without an appointment than florin?"
that was easily the worst end to a work day i've had in a long time  can't blame anyone but myself either    fml 
45 pages into atlas shrugged    i like it all ready 
\this is for all you new people: i only have one rule  everyone fights  \,8637015b0773525bd9159392c97790b9,"got me an iphone, what are some apps to get?"
"it's 27 degrees outside, i'd much rather be asleep right now"
i have things i need to be doing    but i'm not 
"i'm pretty sure i must be dying, there is no way this fever, pressure in my head and sore throat isn't the coming of the end  i hurt  sad "
"last ten, steppenwolf born to be wild, good times  chill day "
