5e356747e177fb43a2656ac29b8ee8b2
goddamnit    61 notifications   
wait a <propfemale>    i feel like i just left work this morning    why the hell am i going back again today >_>
"one pervert to rule them all, one pervert to find them, one pervert to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them"
damn its almost 4am    gotta be up at 7  in woodruff by 11a and i work from 2p to 10p today    *tired sad face*
"<propfemale> needs to get her fucking texting ability back    i mean, the rain sucks   "
yay mynicolet works again
holy fuck    i spent 46 5 hours in the lab during the first week of school
whats on your mind?
wants to stab <propmale>
so tired  why did i say yes 
wait
whats on your mind? does dirty count?
fuck fuck fyuck fuck fuck fuck ruck fuck fruck
<propmale> should come in today 
<propmale> you crazy bastard
argh!!!!
there is so much treasure hiding in the dumpsters behind hardee's today!!!
interesting marriages for me lol
"cant wait to finally dump that bitch (vista), for 7 "
gah!!!
gah!!!! the lying liar who is actually a truth teller exclaimed
http annoyed  www dailypictures info free-pictures 5199 mind-fuck-jpg
<propfirst> is a heartless bitch
moo!
we are not alone!!!
apparently mafia wars facebook dont like it when i try to post my wishlist twice in a row
"for <propfemale>, i brought back that web programming book, as well as my vb book    the vb book might not stay for long though "
this is a status update!!!
moo im a duck!!!!
"my computer has reached a whole new level of awesome  i now have 2, count 'em, 2 brand new doctor who movies on my computer!!!!"
moo?
damn you <propmale>  why did you have to leave? now im fucking up my tags    and it's all your fault!
lol now everyone is becoming a fan of the it program group   
<propmale> needs to get off of facebook and do his schoolwork!!!!!
"ffs    my mouse stops working as well as my keyboard  so i restard my computer  now my keyboard works but my mouse doesnt, so i switch my mouse from the ps2 port to the usb port    now that works but my keyboard doesnt again    so i had to fucking restart once more just to fix all of it    goddamn you cellphone!!!"
pew pew!!! *i think my mind just broke*
"i reently learned a few things    first, i cant spell for shit    even though i just did  second, <propmale> is gay    third, i can count, and four    i just lost the game"
finally got back from wausaw tomahawk  if only <propmale> had not driving the wrong way down 51 we woulda gotta back even sooner
is anyone else unable to leave comments?
"gif89a???????????!?????,???????d?; thats what i get when trying to go to the hitlist    "
facebook    you suck enough as it is    dont fucking change more stuff around    fucking retards
imma chargin mah lazer!!!!
imma firin mah lazar!!!!!!
both of them    goddamn idiots
"and just to piss me off even more    this new \updated piece of shit\"" layout decided to eat one of my status'    fuckers are really pissing me off     """
"something went wrong my ass    its because of your constant \updating\"" that the fucking status' and everything else goes wrong     rant"""
                                                        *glares at java homowork*            
damnit <propmale>!!! i keep forgetting the semicolons in my java   
"congratz and great job to all the performers from elcho at s e today  that being said, after all that running around today, its time for some much needed sleep"
damnit <propmale>! quit slackin and get on fb while im on     i don't feel like using that massive email anymore!!!!!!!!
"yay, another random and completely useless thing fb does  now me youtube and fb are linked    so more useless updates are coming >_>"
omnomnom
"bricks have been shat    new doctor who season premiers next saturday on bbc-america   i don't know if i should record it, or just dl it "
tonight all bitmaps get in for free!
"this is why i dont do ongoing shows    first i upload the wrong file (correct show, just wrong ep)    then i mistake it for an ova which is what the show first was  after that i forget to upload the first ep    so the series <propfemale> has both ova's and tv in the same <propfemale>    with different eps of each    talk about mindfuck >_>   "
<propmale> doesnt care  i was going to tweet this    but twitter is the devil 
"is a cool guy, he opens doors, and doesn't afraid of anything"
"is a cool guy  he drives little sisters home, and doesn't afraid of anything "
megaupload fucking hates me today    it wont give me a single link    just sits there verifying it    so much for doing any updates today
saw the epic that is ironman 2 last night    this morning    fucking peic  so epci that i managed to spell epic wrong twice 
i nominate <propmale> to drive us all to wausau   
"it's not a tarp, it's <propfemale>!!!"
bleep bloop car achievable unlocked        you're car has reached a whole new level of suck!!! -100g
why do i suddenly feel like making a java program that will do my links for me   
"very well facebook, i had no intention of actually talking to anyone on your site  even if that is the one of the sole purposes  so be it, i shall take my business elsewhere "
just got done with work   all to come home and get ready to go back to work again    yay   
"had a fucking awesome drive home from the party    first i get stuck behind the guy going 25 in a 55    i managed to pass him on the only passing zone on c    but of course, i got passed the first dumbass    so lets send all the drunks home from the bar down the road    long straight stretch and a bunch of drucks with highbeams    fun fun   "
first time on facebook in a few weeks    it would appear that cs annoyed  has consumed my free time 
just bought $23 21 worth of dr  pepper    i really don't know what to say to that   
fml    the tardis has breathed its last  and ii'm not talking about doctor who   
has acquired a new tardis  if only i could change the plate to match it >_>
just saw the last air<propmale>der  epic movie  especially the commentary provided by <propmale> and myself 
"how did they do it    normal day at work    until i am told to drive someone to get gas    i look in the back window as im passing by, and what do i find? i pile of dog shit, and a leash    well the lady i had to drive to get gas is apparently immune to the stench   "
fufufu~
hmmm    first time updating my laptop since school got out    this should be fun
went and saw salt before work yesterday    today it will be inception after work
win for oakleaf autosalvage!!! after saying they would not rip out the transmission for just the flywheel and bolts    they just called and said they would do it    perhaps there is still hope for the tardis 
pew pew  thanks to those bastards this is all i am allowed to say 
gah! gotta wait for the knee    why couldn;t they just do the mri while i was there
happy national underwear day everyone!!!
the tardis lives!!!! apparently i need to buy a few more parts before she is ready for travel again  this is the last time i am every going to try driving through the wormhole    even if it was my job to <propfemale> everyone to the mall 
i'm so bored i'm re-watching ms  pond    i mean doctor who 
"ever wonder how admins on anime sites get work done? well here is a chat between myself and another admin   \\kmikze: papa\father-sama: seven?\kmikze: cool\father-sama: wrong  its almost 9\kmikze: wtf?\father-sama:i know     they always said the earth was round    fuckers tried to cover up that fact that it is one big pacman game\kmikze: shit!\father-sama: i think the dutch are behind this\kmikze: damn them dutch"
epic awesome for my b-day    free combo from hardees and <propfemale> gives me 5 hours paid off 
om nom nom!!!!
funny job place    asking if i would like to work on the one day out of the entire week that i actually made plans  and i have no plans for my b-day (friday)  they manage to call on wednesday    the only day i have a plan 
well in case anyone hasn't noticed    it's my b-day today 
trying to do a foreach loop inside of a while loop    doesn't work the greatest
i know everything about nothing  which is to say i know nothing about everything  amirite
"is a pretty cool guy  he bans people for 9001 days, and doesn't afraid of anything "
"people should not be afraid of their \governments  governments should be afraid of their people "
"yes youtube    because instead of watching rush, or the scorpions, or the seatbelts, or other good music i would rather watch the president speak "
silly <propmale>    <propfemale> and budget are not the same company so attempting to check-out a res on budget and not <propfemale> will not work  *facepalm*
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
father-sama is a pretty cool guy  he goes pew pew and doesn't afraid of anything
that was cool  got a tour of the rhinelander airport today  not much but still awesome 
fucking epic morning    now i'm glad i got no sleep  in the airport 3 hours early    and i got to see <propmale> nugent
"father-sama: also lol  i am at airport by 9am     i dont start tell 12     im done at 4:45    i gotta come back at 7 smile 0 until 9 smile 0pm    i wont leave airport until after im done tonight around 10ish     i have gotten about 30 minutes of sleep in the past 24 hours\father-sama: good thing i haz the laptop"
i just used logmein to remote into my desktop    from my laptop    when i am in bed only a few feet from said desktop    i don't know whether to call that lazy or epic win    either way the desktop needed a break  17days and 20 hours of straight uptime    its nap time >_>
doing asp c# coding whilst listening to oreskaband  it's all good until range validation pulls a retard and does half-assed validating 
video chatting with 7 other people at http annoyed  tinychat com qp8be
i'm in a tinychat with 6 other people @ http annoyed  tinychat com qp8be
how dare you steal my status tinychat!!! even if the status was random nonsense!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related tosomeone)who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppableand, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of peoplewon't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten bydragons     the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed withfire extinguishers "
why have i suddenly gotten techno stuck in my head?
*bad <propmale> bad*!!!! trying to watch doctor who before stopping pandora    
silly fb    spamming my wall with 2 repeats of the same youtube thingy 
oh ffs    now i got rammstein and otep stuck in my head
"1998 – the untested <propfemale> is activated for the first time as one of the planned activities on aperture’s first annual bring-your-daughter-to-work day  in many ways, the initial test goes well: within one picosecond of being switched on, glados becomes self-aware "
ethics    so boring it took me three tries to spell it correctly    although there is probably something mentioned in ethics classes about being on facebook updating your status while in said class   
