87d50c4b3214bdf9c14ef8f388bb4e7d
going to fair on sunday with the jodies
going to the north seat today
i meant sea
missing my own bed and family 
alotn towers made my throat all sore from the screaming lol woot for theme parks
headin home in the morning see you guys at 5 smile 5pm
working tonight  sad 
sitting here tired as all hell 
super tired and annoyed with the internet
allergies suck
well gm has done it again gg m8
just watched the forth kind       freaked me out  never watching it again
walmart supervisors are getting into my job! <propfirst> why have you turned on us! smg is infected!
plans on destroying the evil two faced fat baboon demon with nothing but a simple riddle  who you know im coming for you 
spartacus blood and sand is awesome   epi 9 poor poor long shlong <propmale> hugin <propfirst> though 
i would really like a virgin screwdriver right now
if i were to whisper in your ear that commander warf's head looked like a <propfemale> would you join me in a laugh?
i gave my cat friskies and she truely nom nom nom'ed
just woke up     ok bed time night    nah i gotta work
first rule of combat!
"clash of the titans was good, very respectful to the first one  i really enjoyed it so all you morons that said it sucked can go shoot yourselves in the foot"
she like that bubble gum  is they the double meant twins  2 hoes  choosing me  so i know that imma win
sick of this shit
i guess high school drama never really ends as long as one person has their fingers in all the proper assholes
someone owes me big time
need to fine something fun to do in the next few days to remain sane
i think i need a road trip somewhere
stop asking
gonna be bored for the next week
took <propmale> to the <propfemale> store  best $30 ever
"\youre more advanced than a cockroach but have you ever tried to e playful lain yourself to one?\"""""
the whiny douche is starting in about the pets   again  i thought this bs was over and done with 
i use google for my facebook spell check
"\i'm out of the nile! and look at <propmale> dance!\"""""
im not racist i just hate orange women
legend found the cat  hilarity ensues
"no one listens to the ones that actually  care they always listen to the pathetic piece of shit that has the quick  fix or easy way out, but whatever they will just be the same as the  person they got the crappy advice from"
appearently there is a alchohol and crackcocain spirit
"i know i cant slow down i cant hold back, though you know i wish i could, oh no, there aint no rest for the wicked, until we close our eyes for good "
is they the double mint twins? two hoes choosin me so i know im gonna win
turkey+munster cheese=awesome  debate!
you may wanna put a on a helmet so you dont make a mess when i blow your mind
"vh1 has a show called \100 things that make men undateable\"" i want one that is call \""100 things that make women look like crazy psycho bitches\"""""
dead space in the dark     awesome!
threesome with twins=acceptable incest
tired of fake people right now
never eating popcorn ever again tis the devils snack! testy! but evil!
wants to hear a british bulter sing blablahblah by <propfemale> 
so much work to do blarg i say
london likes the purple pop
headin to the bank then the gas station for mountain dew typhoo then gonna go scrub shoppin with the juice!
confused to why women think it is sexy to puker your lips in photos as if you just sucked on a donkey's ass that was showered with lemon juice? doesnt make you look better please stop now
cant wait till friday night
just beat dead space on hard now for impossible!
"not sure if i should be mad or happy right now  kinda feel like when someone asks you if you lost weight cause they think its a complement even though youre thinking \no are you saying im fat?\"""""
the next person to comment on my body now is gonna get my foot in their ass  this shit is getting old mom  ppl really should judge their own fat asses before taken a dig at everyone else  honestly youre fat deal with it  i cant trick myself into thinking im ok if everyone is telling me im fat
i finally get the robot chicken joke about the doctor who standing in a baseball field i figured it out in the shower where i do most of my thinking
great wounds make for a greater <propfemale>
"\your body like a <propfemale> out\"" cause every woman wants to hear that their body looks like a greasy cheese burger and their vagina looks like over cooked dried french fries left under a heat lamp"""
no gang signs!
i need the wizard dentist! the wizard dentist!
wishing there was a ice cream place that delivered
every person that drives with their blinker on and comes to a complete stop at intersections where they dont have a stop sign needs to get punched in the throat numerous times  driving 101-just pretent everyone around you has a mental handicap
$935 for a plane ticket      i have to save much more
oct 14th to nov 3rd im in the uk bwah bwah bwah muahahahah get your <propmale> time in before hand  laugh 
oh no my sister de-friended me on facebook whatever will i do with her dramatic high school behavior 
bought my tickets
"just saw the last airbender    it was cool i think it woulda been better if they didnt have nickelodeon screwing with it  they packed alot of info in the movie, the visuals were cool, but the acting wasnt the best but then again most of them are kids so it wasnt bad "
ok 1 2 3  fly!
damn nature! you scary 
"\i didnt know your middle name was london!\"""""
2months 20days 9hours 52mins 10seconds
2mths 17dys 5hrs 31mins 25secs
do you like reading? cause i just got this great book on tape 
its too early
"all women are insane    women that disagree, your denying it or you have a penis"
"ive seen things this morning  the sunrise, morning dew(not mountain dew), snails on sidewalks  those are things i never wanna see again"
i'm dr oz and today we're gonna talk about how sex and puppies can be killing you  oh and you should stop breathing cause we have some shocking results 
boom! i just threw a slow motion dove at you  deal!
why must you be the screendoor on my submarine?
i want white castle
"\you didnt know? it was your father who left you at the alter \""       wait   what?"""
<propfirst> pilgrim=amazing
is it still a hand if youve got the palm but no fingers? or does it become like a paw?
dr oz wants you to test yourself for hpv by wrapping your penis in a vinegar soaked cloth  he also enjoys a nice pickle now and then 
i just kicked my own ass 
omg he turned the gun to the side! hes going for the kill shot!
mom is upset so i buy her a diet pepsi and a dark chocolet dove bar     you dont have to baby me            fine! ill eat it then!
do you think those walmart greeters ever get disappointed when the thief detector doesnt go off  oh here one comes! come on  come on  come on!
i hate being sick  my head still hurts even after sleeping all night 
if im in the room check your attitude at the door and shut up 
whatever fuck it right now
confused as to why ppl dont just do the job they are paid to do and just stand there like they are doing something important 
she is snooki with blonde hair  who am i thinking of? see if you can guess!
6 days 3 hours
saw resident evil 4 after life  it was ok wasnt the best  action wise was fun but way too much slo-mo  the writing coulda been better  oh well re5 im sure will be better cause there will prolly be one 
when they come for me by linkin park is actually a really cool song that i will admit to enjoying 
jesus why isnt it wednesday yet!
19 hours wtf
nessy was <propfemale> friendly she gave me crabs
"<propmale> towers was freakin awesome at night got some cool pics of the lights, legs still killing me though from being there from 9am to 9pm  worth it "
im home  sad 
gotta work then going back to the airport to get my british pounds traded for us dollars cause the exchange place was closed when i flew in  boy my arms were tired  thats right i said it 
when will people stop caring about what <propfemale> palin says  i mean i love listening to morons talk about only for five mins at the most 
cops are in my part of town if anyone is driving around with a bunch of potheads and sluts doing 50 in a 30  heads up
"tired, worried, and sore "
well my car got broken into my car and stole my gps  jokes on them though it doesnt work like it used to  it will tell them to turn at the end of a dead end 
"thank you boobman, <propfemale>, and oj for being so caring about my hard time right now  glad to have you gals here with me right now "
suprised how easy it is for <propfemale> midgets to throw stones in glass houses
no one and i mean no one can have a moment of clarity while making the duck face at burning man 
get off my damn wall you young whipper snappers!
"well everyone prepare for tomorrow's news and the stories of pregnant women being trampled, children being stomped on and service dogs being crushed under the feet of retarded americans that just want 50% off a pair of sneakers and a sweater for their son he is probably gonna return for in-store credit "
"so i ordered a new gps, a tomtom one on weds  then on thanksgiving a cop shows up at my door  he says is this your gps? its been leading me around this neightborhood for a couple days but its battery is pretty dead  so woot for cops  now i dont have to buy my mom anything for x-mas muahaha  jk bought her more plates cause she needed em "
"just spent the weekend cleaning my room, doing laundry, and playing wii with my mom  the dust <propfemale> ranch under my bed is clsoed and we are having a sale on fur coats made from the little buggers 50% off!"
my mom is mad at me for being mad the <propfemale> midget left the door open and let the cat get out when its 36 degrees out and raining   wtf how stupid can you be?!
i guess i can go on facebook at work again   i think this is a trap  oh well too late
just got done playing just dance with <propfemale> and <propmale>  <propmale> has got some awesome moves i tell you hawhat 
its <propfemale> fluffy im gonna die!!!
"in japan, too young is just a name "
should overweight obese people be teaching alcoholics about self control?  i mean its kinda like a homeless person talking to a group of unemployed people 
> sad  no!
there are now two movies that make me cry  the fourth kind doesnt count however cause that is just traumatising 
its off the deepend now  dry feces in the air  dont forget the burnt jewish people floating around oh and the spiders that climb into your mouth while you sleep 
can't sleep    
working the big uc tonight  no calls children!
plenty of wtf moments tonight
i'm afraid of fountains! they're unnatural! to force a rainbow angers god!
hello! my name is <propfirst> apparently    
as its winding down to zero i am your unlikely hero
sick of disgusting people making everything worse  grow up 
"home sick today cause i sound like <propmale> eastwood  and no punk i dont feel lucky, jeez thanks for rubbing it in  that vicks feels good "
going to bed got plans in the morning    sadly
fine i google myself are you happy now!?
its nice to be right    for once 
so the company that prints the adventures of huck finn are now going to censor it  nevermind that it was the language of the time but we should censor other books that cause people to get angry and cause problems  guess which one i mean 
"ok so what i'm getting from the history channel today is  if you were born before ww1 and you can write  guess what pal, you're a prophet!"
"\thats life\""=a rude bitch's answer to the world"""
tomorrow is day 8 of 12        wtf
"\the movie they didnt want you to see in theaters\"" thats the great way to say \""straight to dvd\"""""
worked noon-9 today so no work tomorrow  laugh 
i didnt know what to tell them so i said that i sat in some smelly oil
"mom \you could go get taco <propfemale>\"" me\""or i could just get a pizza since i really dont want to go out since im sick \"" mom\""youre gonna die if you keep eating like that\""    cause taco <propfemale> is so much better for you """
i bought a new tv toady  my mom got the same tv on thursday only i saved $179 and she only saved $100
does anyone speak sushi hostess?!
<propfemale> has to go back to the vet tomorrow  i am now worried 
thinking about buying dragon age origins  but i need someone to tell me their honest opinion  also if you havent played it dont bother wasting my time as i am a little angrier than usual 
i just got stopped without setting off alarms and asked to show my receipt by some dwarf of a woman who wasnt good enough to be a target greeter  what an invasion of privacy! what if i had some thrush infection med on there?! plus not like a receipt is gonna tell you if im hiding anything in my pockets will it?
didn't you just feel the winds of freedom ripping through your sweater vest?!
the big uc super busy tonight after oj left of course  i need her with me longer she scares the patients away i think
pretty sure i have a sinus infection    try smelling blood and skunks for 3 hours  top it off with a awesome head ache and youre me for the night 
ready to go home now  the past two weeks really wore me out 
"what the hell is with all these ugly teachers and lunch ladies having sex with teenage boys?! im pretty sure its because every idiot man is all \i wish she was around when i was in school  heh heh heh\"""""
i want a valley bulldog  and no that doesn't mean it talks like the bitches from clueless 
"waking up to an alarm is like waking up to 10,000 parrots breaking their wings all at once   "
cupcakes for tomorrow are going to prove to be harder to make than they let you think 
i hear there is a supermoon  be on the look out for superwerewolves!
funyuns   thank you white jesus
"can one of the clowns be a fire joggler named <propmale>, who's a vegetarian but sneaks bacon when no one is looking?!"
diet and workout start tomorrow  dont talk about it  just let me do it 
plus size women drive our economy with their purchases of <propmale> comics and haagen daz 
im sweating so much i can feel my heart beat in places i didnt know i could    enjoy
professional four-square    let do it
we have peopleofwalmart com now we need peopleofmaury com
i was a three bird a day pussy cat until ba helped me
wait!!!!! the lord is my shepherd but you're my ride home!
