011a4a5ae8ab71831872ec76e387a5e3
is thinkn   
ugh   too much
happy fathers day to all the daddies out there! congrads resse and <propfemale> ure baby girl is gorgous!
is tired    ready for mister braiden to take a nap so mommy can do the same  smile 
r i p <propfirst> <propmale>!!!!!!!    =[
happy first birthday mister braiden <propfirst>! mommy loves you so much    one party down   one more to go   
<propfirst> and him gonna go fisn in the dark layn on ure backs and counting the starts    <propfirst> get ready! [ lmfao <propfemale> <propfemale>  laugh  ]
is thinkn   and no comment 
stoked to be goin to the atown lake! but not stoked about camping there the whole weekend   gag! cant wait to hear the best band in the world! ded betti  laugh 
is stoked! mister braiden's walking now!  laugh  he's sooo cute!
hopn jasons doin okay! =[
? bam!!! mega stoked about the new house! [nicole hurry up and get off work so we can go back!]
ugh   this weekend   dont wanta go campn but kinda wanta go listn to <propfirst> love play  smile 
is tired   what a day  ran in the race and got 3rd then road the bullet and the sizzler a little tooo much and got to <propfemale> out with an old friend which was a blast! and the days still not over yet    !
ugh   do i have to play softball tonight?!
says bam! got court today in <propfirst> which i dont wanta go but i get off work early! frank-n-beans! l0l <propfirst> <propfirst>  love ya brotha
feels grand ?        ?¶€?©£ & l0?3 bitches ?
"doesnt want to go to work but its friday, and tomorrow we going to see rayray! bam! ?¶€?©£ & l0v3?"
ugh runny noses and sore thoats are wonderful! but im lovn the weather! ?¶€?©£ & l0v3?
?¶€?©£ & l0v3? i get off at 2 today! bam! my fones working again 580 748 2571 txt it!  smile 
its friday   wakn up with a starbucks!!!! this day would be grand if i didnt have to work till 5   ?¶€?©£ & l0v3?
   should i stay or should i go now?! l0l rockn out with <propmale> <propfirst> on rockband! we rawk sawks ?¶€?©£ & l0v3?
"is wondering    have u ever stop to think, and forget to start again?"
"has another long day at work, then softball tonight   i get to see <propfemale> love and <propfirst>! ? hopfully its not frezzzn tonight! ?& ?"
"rocks a law suit when im goin to court, a white suit when im getn a divorce, a black suit at the funeral home,  and my birthday suit when im home alone  ?& ?"
"rocks a law suit when im goin to court, a white suit when im getn a divorce, a black suit at the funeral home, and my birthday suit when im home alone  ?& ?"
damn right this fat kid loves cake!  smile 
"has my toes in the water, ass in the sand  not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand  gonna lay in the hot sun, and roll a big fat one, and grab my guitar and play! adios and vaya con dios ?& ?"
"oh, jesus!  did you see what god just did to us? god didn't do that! you did it! you're a fucking narcotics agent, that was our cocaine, you pig!"
is thinkn    bird with two wings?!
had a blast with all the fam at avard today but its was frezzn and the horse ride was crazy ?& ?
<propmale> out with my brothers lastnite it was grand   ?  txt it! ?& ?
off work    ? life is grand ?& ?
is stoked for two things   my papa is comn this weekend ? and my homeskillet is comn home today!!! ?& ?
rock'n out to music and cleaning the house   kinda wishn i had my unheard apology cd   ?& ? bow chika bow bow [brown chicken cow cow]
   ?& ? [brown chicken cow cow]
has the talent it takes to trip over a flat surface   ?& ? [i never liked the rain untill i waked threw it with you!]
wants to go dance in the rain!    ?& ?
off to work   hope its not frezn at the game tonight!   ?& ?
   so i kissed him upside the cranium with an aluminum baseball bat my name is mud! ?& ?
?& ? californication and <propmale> tonight! bam!
?   off to bed  it was a grand episodes of <propmale> and californication    2morrow nite ucf!  ?& ?
?   im about to show him what this little girls made of gun powder and lead ?& ?
"? i refuse u to let u f**k with my head, so to me you are dead ?& ?"
is ticked! my facebook words are in spanish   and i cant read um so i cant <propfirst> it    ugh! just cause im mexican doesnt mean i kno the lingo!  annoyed 
"u kno when u get married and u say \till death do us part\"" later on in life u start to realize u where just setting a goal ?& ?"""
is missing her two little favoite brothers! [kyle salmon and <propfirst> veliz] ?& ?
is wishn <propfirst> would hurry up in send me my unheard apology teez l0l ?& ?
is  ?& ?
is bam stoked  smile  <propfirst> sent my unheard apology teez  laugh  [mega stoked!!!]
is hopn everyone has a happy hump day!!! ?& ?
keeps thinkn today is friday   [balls] ?& ?
is thinkn ou better rawk my sawks today! [hopn <propfirst> will be okay   stay strong!]?& ?
it aint fair you died so young like a story that had just begun   ?& ?
is thinkn   [it aint fair you died so young like a story that had just begun   ] ?& ?
is thinkn   i dont want next monday or this friday to come! but im stoked for halloween!  smile 
is rockn out to some <propfirst> <propmale> baby!
   durka druka! [haha!]
is thinkn   when i die im taken harper county with me  ?
is thinkn   today is goin to be grand! ?
has had a grand day so far   ?
is hopn everyone has a grand hump day ? [?& ?]
is lovn this gorgous weather! stoked for basketball to start! lets show um whats up dysfunctional [bam]
"for the life of me i cannot remember, what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise  for the life of me i cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins, we were merely freshmen"
its another beautiful day  happy birthday rayray!
had a rockn time saturday nite! too bad i didnt get my camera out! ugh!
is <propfemale> not ready for friday the 13th   or am i   ?
is thinkn i cant wait for basketball to freakn get here! [happy birthday my homeskillet!]
is hop'n my little brotha [rudy veliz] is havn a grand birthday!
talk shit   spit blood  [cause and effect] learn it bitch!
"u kno that little slit n ure penis that u pee out of? imagine running a sheet of fresh, crisp, white paper right down the slit really quickly  mmm papercut! ?"
is excitied that braidens tounge is clipd! ? [stoked for thursday!] damn right ima eat like a fat kid loves cake!
happy turkey day ya'll! [im gonna eat like the fat kid that i am!]
is hop'n timons dad makes it threw this! [workn today    lucky me!]
ready for bed   night all!
is ready for work i guess   
is in a better mood today   i just hope the day hurrys up and moves on [i mega wantn to go see boondock saints 2]
???(?_?)???
is thinkn aww hell naw! l0l ???(?_?)???
is thinkn 'bout too much stuff at once   
is thinkn   monday already?! [ugh]
"nothing last forever  so live it up, drink it down  laugh it off, avoid the bullshit  take chances and have no regrets  because at one point, everything u did was exactly what u wanted "
is so excitied! bam! [its mutha fukn snown] lets pray it sticks and we get like 60 inches babyy!
is thinkn my mind is like a tractor   the more i use it the dirtier i gets!
is easily amused but just as easily confused   
is thinkn all i want for christmas is to be a kid again! [i met the kewlest tool yesterday!  <propmale> yoder is too fukn funny]
is thinkn   all i want for christmas is to be a kid again l0l
"i am ure heartbreaks, mistakes  that place inside ure hate  i am that shaddow following every move, reminding u its never good enough!"
is thinkn    its funny how people do things in a round about way to tell u something when they cant just say how it is from the get go   tell u what u want to hear   then stop talking to u   then talk to u again   then stop   then wonder why ure mad at them the next day  [thanks alot <propmale> jk   but not at all]
is thinkn       <propfemale> klausmeyerbetter have an amazin birfday! ? [make my little brother get something from me too!] i miss u girl and beat my brother up for me [haha]
thinkn where the heck did my weekend go?! [hey <propfirst> perez and <propfemale> perez take a picture of me in this jalapeno!] lmfao!
"is thinkn   <propfirst>, i know what im doing okay  ive got to taper it so the sunlight reaches the lower leaves during the growing season!   the string is a guide <propfirst>! its just a guide!"
is thinkn   ahhh fuck  [im off to give my sheets some ass and my pillow some head!]  goodnite! ?
ehh   headcold  [kickn it in mypj's today] fuck it ?
ima show him what this little girls made of   gun powder and lead!
"is ready for new years eve   bam! party hard, but dont get caught! [happy new years all]"
"   should of stayed in kiowa with my brothers, atleast i wouldnt be feeling like this   "
"   wake up, wake up, wake up, its tha1st of the month  smile "
   are you that zodiac freak ive been lookin for ?   smile 
"   you know what? fuck you! how about that? [ive got the most insane mother of all time!    w0w, the stuff she says   i dont kno if i wanta laugh n her face or just let it go]"
"off to work    yae me, ive got 2 long days in a row    thanks alot <propfirst> gamble! [u suck  u really do!]"
is thinkn its hump day!!  smile  stoked for basketball tonight! go us!  [happy hump day ya'll]
"   who dat, who dat?! who cares   colts are gonna bust um anyway!!! [go colts baby!] y0u kn0!"
    is tried of people not getn the hint! [what to do   what to do?!?!?!]
"   a wise girl kisses but doesnt love, listens but doesnt belive, and leaves before she is left "
is feeling much better today i guess tie'n that string about my nutbag really helpd! lmao! [superbowl on sunday   g0 c0lts!]
is wondering   anyone else noticed the increase in sasquatch activity?!
"   is sad i cant make it to the funeral  [r i p <propmale> norman] hugs and prayers to <propfirst>, <propmale>, and the <propfirst> family   crying "
just wantd to tell all my friends and family thanks 4 letn me kno im fat and have a huge ass   !
   happy birthday <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"   so my \fone\"" has been deleting <propfirst> somehow   txt me [580 748 2571]"""
"   so my \fone\"" has been deleting <propfirst> somehow   txt me [580 748 2571]"""
is tryn to forgive and forget  forgive myself for being so stupid and forget that you even exist! [r i p moon!]
"woke up today in london, as the plane was touchn down  all i could think about was monday, maybe ill be back around    [r i p m00n]"
   doesnt even matter! ?
   doesnt even matter! [all smiles!] ?
its nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around!!!
its nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around!!!
   it all comes down to that one person you think about before you fall asleep! ?
thinks someone like you happens once in a lifetime   im so glad you happened in mine! ?
   mega tired but life is grand! [thinkn i found my best friend for life!] good thing left to come! ?
"there's no use trying to rush fate, because the best things in life are worth the wait! ?"
"if you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun, has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life easier by being around, copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without sons! ? love you, braiden <propfirst>"
   aint nuthn but a g thang baeba! [haha] ?
"lord, give me strength to accept idiots and annoying people i cannot change before i lose my temper and slap them! amen! ?"
      pick tenley!!!!
"   dear vienna, i hate you with a heated passion! [jake   im disapointed in you   majorly!]"
<-- has the best-est friend in the whole wide world and you can't have him! ?
"   my mom words seems like yesterday love jesus, dont forget to pray  she must have gone with boss dj riiigght? ?"
"   oh, yeah? well maybe you'd like to define the word \weapon\"" for me while this plastic doll smashes into your <propfemale> at 180 <propmale> per hour!"""
   sorrow looks back   worry looks around   but faith looks up 
"   happy moments, praise god  difficult moments, seek god  quiet moments, worship god  painful moments, trust god  every moment, thank god  ?"
? ? ? ?   !
   i wanta swim away but dont kno how    sometimes it feels just like im falling in the ocean  let the waves up and take me down   let the hurricane set in motion   
"finally put it all together, nothing really lasts forever, i had to make a choice that was not mine, i had to say goodbye for the last time  ?"
is living life and laughing everyday and keeping her friend close to her heart! ?
   today's big idea: coffee eye drops! ?
"life is one big road with lots of signs, so when your riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind, flee from hate, mischief and jealousy -<propmale> marley ?"
is wondering if you push a slinky on a down escalator   will it stay in the same spot?!
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting
   beer pong tourny this saturday at the plum thicket! [whoop whoop!] happy hump day everyone!
"   best friend is a promise, not a label! ?"
   put ureself down one more time   i dare ya! [ill punch u straight in the baby maker!] ?
is gonna rock down to electric avenue and then she'll take it higher    ?
is finding it funny how people add you then you see then adding ure friends that i highly dout they even kno!   yah trick yah!
if you are brave     copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: loveable  6: moody  7: dumb  8: spoiled  9: mouthy  10: random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy  14: amazing  15: beautiful  16: cute  17: generous  18: smart ass [be honest i don't hold grudges long]
"ok i admit i can be a bitch! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch then post this on your status  i dare you! ?"
pndoireng the fcat taht you can siltl raed tihs as lnog as the fsrit and lsat ltetres are in the rhgit pclae  smile 
"   best friends are like herpes, that shit is for life! ?"
   wow im so dumb! dont even ask why   just agree!
"   dont kno 'bout ya'll but i kno 'bout us, and uh, its the only way we kno how to rock! ?"
"   being grinning bout to spend them all, just balling, shot shot calling ?"
"   no need to <propfemale> luxuries, cause everything come and go  even the life that you have is borrowed, cause your not promised tomorrow  so live your life as if everydays gon be your last, once you move forward can't go back, best prepare to remove your past!"
"   snag and bag baby, snag and bag [r i p <propfemale> dawn!]"
   time to feast like a fatty!  smile 
   goin to stuff my fat face!  smile 
"  if a grain of sand signified each time i thought about you , you would have a beach! ?"
"   being a friend is just sharing jokes, some conversations, a cup of coffee or some funny storys   but a best friend is sharing an honest and true part of yourself! ? [i miss cesar!]"
was afraid this would happen   damn  sad 
"   what a sweet addiction that im caught up in, cause i can't get enough, can't stop the hunger for your love! ?"
"   you really got me now, got me so i cant sleep at night! ?"
"   jesus died on the cross to give me a place in heaven, the scars on his hands are the only man-made things in heaven! *cross= christ removes our sin & shame!* happy easter everyone! ?"
"   fool, im the kinda g that the little homies wanta be, like on my knees in the night saying prayers in the streetlight!"
used to think that life was all about finding that perfect someone but now that i think about it i already did there that person called by best friend!  ?
"    death aint nuthin but a heartbeat away, im livn life do or die, what can i say?!"
   will be deleting some friends on facebook this evening! [if ure lucky ull still be a friend of mine] ? if ure not lucky peace and love and may god bless you!
   now thats what im talkn about!  love 
   dont kno what to wear today! is it goin to be cold or hotter than a joggers nutbag?!
"   eh,"
"   im the mother, thats why!"
"is off to bed  time to dream of my alarm not going off and it being saturday  we can all dream, right?!  love "
   he 0nly left you basic instructions before leaving earth ? [h0ly bible]
"   like a boss, ima 1   2 the gorgous day! lmao"
   is wondering if anyone elses eyes water up when they yawn or am i just weird like that   
"   getn gas and watchn this twackd out crackhead try and stand still while pumpn her gas, then when she got done she go n her car n honkd her horn   eh?"
"hates that feeling in the morning where you are so comfortable warm, everything seems perfect   then you gotta pee!"
"   i can feel you near me, even tho your far away!"
   thicky thick girl!
"   so come on and get in the ride, and let me take you to the other side "
"ohh snap! this fat kids eatn again,"
"doin this 1,2 style chumps! [you kno!]"
    big goins on! getn ready to cookout and kickit with the familia love 
"   faith is like a muscle; the more you use it, the more powerful it becomes!  love "
is classy lady like!  love 
is classy lady like!  love 
"  yo, i kno somethang you dont and i got sumthang to tell ya!"
"the scarest thing in life, and im letn my son take part in it! [flyn kites]"
"im glad my son finds it funny to <propmale> me with something that im scared to death of, <propfemale> not kewl!"
"today is canceled due to lack of notice! no one told me today was coming, i thought it was tomorrow!!!"
"   at home, braiden <propfirst>'s sick, i hope he gets better soon, or atleast gets over his líquida caca   yuck! but i love him no matter how apestoso he gets! ?"
"   braiden <propfirst> seems to be feeling better  thank god! i hate not goin to work, but atleast the house got cleaned and i gotta spend time with him  he's mega sweet when he doesnt feel grand  love "
  to have a child is to forever have your heart go walking around outside your body!  love 
   yuck!  sad 
thinks that one of life's greatest joys is dancing around the living room with your kid!  love 
"   being a mom is the most rewarding job in the world! it can make you laugh, cry, scream, pull your hair out, and be completely amazed; all in the same hour!  love "
"just seen the most beautiful girl ever, then she hit on meh   eh?"
   aint nuthn but a g thang baeba!
"never mess with a chick with lipliner, no lipstick   lean like a chola!"
can u teach me how to jerk?!
", cause imaa hip-hop thugsta"
    well i got my life back!  smile 
   we are not earthly beings on a spiritual journey   we are spiritual beings on an earthly journey  love 
   my life be like ooo aww!  love 
holdn a little baby zac and wishn braiden was a <propfemale> baby again  sad !
"misses the old times when the only drama was if your crayons were stolen, getting high was on the swings, and the only thing you can get from boys were the cooties ?"
"  im not internationally known, but im known to rock the microphone   it takes to make a thing go riiight! [hit it!] lmao"
   son of a monday!
are you flipn serious?    fml!
"already knows the plan, so what the business is?"
"is like <propfirst> <propfirst> dawg, i don't see none of yall  im blind to the fact that half of  yall rap, and im outrunning yall!"
"might not be pretty or sexy, might not have the perfect body or be beautiful    might not be anyones first choice either, but i'm me! i don't pretend to be somebody else  might not be proud of some of the things i've done, but i'm proud of who i am today copy and post it to your profile if your proud of who you are   love "
   i hope my step-dad is goin to be okay  [you cant txt me and tell me that he is there and then not answer my phone call!!!!]
"   closer to the sun and far from the <propfemale>, people screaming out they gonna see me real soon  love "
"heads been wet with the midnight dew, ive been down on bended knee, talking to the man from galilee   love  [god's gonna cut you down by <propfirst> cash]"
  ya'll dont really want it now   b00m!
is wondering   if u only have one eye   do u blink or wink?!
   you know ure old went the only thing u have to look forward to is bingo at the end of week!  smile 
"    good morning monday, i have been dreading your arrival, but now that you are here, lets just make the best of it!"
"is very raged, and doesnt feel so grand    is it bed time yet?!"
"   getn some songs from itunes, any ideas peoples?"
"walk 10 steps turn right, 30 steps turn left, climb tree then jump down, roll down hill and stand up, skip 12 and roll, yuuuup theres my crayons  smile "
says it what out figure you before this at stare you will long how? ?
thinks being a brunette and having blond moments is multitasking   don't be jealous ?
   said her name was paradise! ?
"is in a grand mood, i only work till 2 then its hell0 weekend!  love "
"your so gangster, im so thug, your the only one im dreaming of  love "
"   anger is weakness, but <propfemale> is strength  love "
"   my son just told me \i love you\"" it was too cute! i love him with my whole  love """
"a mother's love is the most beautiful thing  so unconditionally devoted that she never puts herself before her family  the size of a mothers heart is truly amazing  filled so full of love  it is pure and comforting  a mother will never see failure, and for that, mothers will always be heroes  happy mothers day!"
"if she had a world of her own, everything would be nonsense   nothing would be what it is, because everything would be what it isn't  smile !"
    nota near nutha! [lmao]
   the next person to tick me off had better come prepared with there own body bag! ?
"this is just a stop on the way to where im going, im not afraid because i know   this is my temporary home  love "
    ill take that as a yes  smile !
"   ive had that on my chest for very long time, thanks bro! [we start and end with familia]  love "
is feeling refreshed 
"   real friends are for life, not just for the good times  love "
"has got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind, i seen nights full of pain, days of the same, you keep the sunshine, save me the rain "
"   watching the movie may  i love this movie and its been awhile since ive seen it  [its a must see film, based on true events] lmao"
   you know my mama mad cause i talk to a thug
    if u like try and hit on me at my place of work and i act like u aren't there   dont call me at work and ask me for my number  it makes u look dumb
   watched hard <propfemale> last night  [another good fucked up movie!]
is rockn out to some betti trapp before work! ?
"so u think that u could make it on ure own, ditch everything that uve grown to know   what goes around comes around   comes around"
   <propfirst> brothers on the wii is bring back the good ol' days!
"   while cleaning the house, my son decited to climb up on the computter chair and fell and cut open his eye, took him to the er and got glued it back together   i sure hope the rest of my day doesnt continue like this!"
"   church was good, food was good, and now for a nap  love "
is watching old lady across the street dig in her bush! bhaha
"   ask bout em in the street, tha boy jezz a rida!"
"is wondering if everyones kido is being winney, or is mine just acting like his father? l0l  smile !"
"go stupid, dumb   dumb  love "
   sex is a sensation cause by a temptation   a guy sticks his location in a girls destination to increase the population of the next generation do u get my e playful lation or do you need a demonstation?
is legit ?
"   they say money makes the world go round, i also heard money make a couple of girls go down, it also make family members and friends wanta hate cha ?"
"loves it when my sex man comes down the street walking his mo-ped and is talking to it about how the dangd thing just ran outta gas, and the battory is ded   but i guess he doesnt realize the headlight is still on, and thats why he is my favorite person ?!"
defines the word character! ?
   loves to hear the sound of rain while i fall asleep  love 
   less is more ?
has her phone back! txt meh ure digits
"does not have a dirty mind, its just imaginative! ?"
i love you <propfemale> <propfemale>  hacked by her sister n law <propfemale> <propfemale> love ya
just got into a fight with the door at wrk and i think it won 
   goin thew the carwash and b l is freakn out!
"   choose your socks by their color, and your friends by their character  love "
   just saying
   scream with me [almost to okc]
   then u might really know its like
 
"   nate, <propfirst> and <propfirst> r just wayy to much alike, thinkn its time to head back! lol"
   my chick bad
   how stupid dumb big my rooms got rooms
   i kno what they dont wanna tell you  just hope ure heaven-sent and ure hell-proof  love 
is tanning
"cause we stay fresh to deaf, we the best, nuthin less  love "
   some people just need to be high-fived in the face!
   milk was a bad choice!
   i need ten thousand angels  love 
     love ! [love remembers]
   god will never drop you further than your knees!  love 
   do y0u want to be my girlfriend?! [lmao]
   who the funk are you?!
"   thinks i need to shut my mouth, before it gets me into trouble! ?"
   cruzin down the street in my six fo!
   lets start a riot!
   was like blaaam!
   whats a new must see movie peoples?
is feeling hot hot hot!
   blaaam!  love 
   its a nice day for a white wedding
   let the drama free weekend begin!
   ima pick the world up and drop it on ure flipn head
   im meh brah  love 
"   made 2 cheesecakes and turtle cookie bars, here goes nothing!"
'bout to head home   mite be goin threw some storms!
   must say that only ure real familia knows whats best  love  im sorry!
   goodnight!  love 
   heading to the <propfirst> lake  love 
"   sitn at the <propfirst> lake, watch these people throw slaughterd fish back into the water [gag]"
"   finaly the good ol sun came out, time to catch sum rays!  love "
"   feels so sorry for the people that burn when they are out in the sun, i never burn but my face is after today and mann does it suck!"
    diva is the female version of a hustla ?
"   make-up is a negative, just a fair warning to everyone i see today! ?"
   hakuna matata  love 
    i love you <propfemale> collvins!  love 
   off to <propfemale> perez's softball game  love  [boogie around them bases ladies!]
   off to <propfemale> perez's softball game ? [boogie around them bases ladies] im love with  <propmale> <propfirst>!  love  l0l
   another victory against harper!
"   my sun-slapd face hurts, but the shower was amazing   until i went to dry off my face 0uch!"
"is wondering if i had a warning label, what would it say? ?"
   me neither
   last hour always seems forever long!
"is wondering at what point is enough, enough?"
"   if u think the things i say out loud are weird, you should hear the things that i keep to myself!  love "
   your not from narnia!  love 
   some beach   some where  love 
"   drop it, hit it, dump it, split it, dont stop, get it get it  love "
   <propmale> came in was talkn to me about his moeped and he was walkn away i could of sworn he had a bone
   is that a boner? lmao
    you know its gonna be a blessed day when you only work 3 hours and its friday!  love  [cant believe that my sons gonna 2 on the 28th!]
   the terrible 2's are already setting in and its not even the 28th yet!
   missing the soul mate love 
   today could b a long day if <propfemale> doesnt show!
   holy <propfemale> clause spit! im bout to go ape spit in this here cereal isle! lmao
   what do t mean no zebra cakes? those words dont make sence to me! ugh   what am i suposta eat now?!
"   ugh its so hott but dang i missed this weather, now if i only had the beach as my backyard   life would be amazing!  love "
   goin to wash my balls then off to bed   goodnight all  love !
   waitn for 2 to roll around so i can get off wrk and get to softball love 
"   calld 911 to report a house fire, they put me on hold and show up 20 minuets later  what a system, just glad everyone was out of the house and okay!"
"   he cuts meat and chesse, thats all i kno! lmao"
only came to do 2 things drink some beer and kick some ass    looks like were almost out of beer!
   thinkn its time to delete some of these nuts that think there my friends  love 
"   im glad my brother thinks that im goin to have a big-headed miget for a son   thanks bro, i love you too!"
"   now i just realized how much i eat in a day, im officially a fat kid for sure!  love "
   ehh
   do u wanta get triple x groovie? gimme gimme some of that kinda movie
"   its raining, its monday, can i just go back to sleep?!"
"   is wondern if i can have ure body when u die, i want to take it to the taxidermy so i can have my friends hangn out at my house for ever!  love "
   open up ure mind and see like me  love 
"   wow, i just wished it would rain so i dont have to play miss mom anymore l0l <propfemale> perez is a very busy lady!  love "
    softball in <propfirst>!  love 
   red bull and its friday and its almost 5 o'clock!  love 
  can anybody hear meh?
   and im proud of myself  love 
   yum   b&g's! oh how i love to eat!
   this fat kid is full and getn kinda excited! lmao
   its like makn a snowman without gloves!
"does not have a dirty mind, it's just imaginative!  love "
"   just tryn to be like yeah, forget it, whatever!"
   some days you're the statue and some days you're the pigeon!
   im single and they lovn it!
"   okay im the city girl that cant do country work, i kno this now!"
   thank god for older brothers and there cell phone <propfirst>! lmao!
"   switch whips like kicks ima balla, and if i get ure fone numba ima call ya  love "
   lastnight ure girlfriends forehead was on my abs! ?
"   toy story 3, here i come!  love "
   whoo this bitch off the <propfemale>! ?
"   like, i kno right? lol"
in harper!
"    long weekend, cant believe monday has already come and gone    wake me up when its friday lol"
"   they've done studies, you know? 60% of the time it works, every time!"
"eh, b l's ear looks better its still big, but not red like it was    thank the l0rd!  love "
"   thought i told ya, ima <propfemale>!"
"   long night, just glad i was there to help, and thank the lord everyone was okay and safe! we start and end with familia!  love "
"   home 4m wrk, b l has a temp of 103 1! taken him to the doctor"
"   if one more person farts again, ima throw up, its a small room and it lingers!"
   lets go people! ded betti needs fans so we can jam out to there bad ass tunes!  love 
"   softball games in med lodge today, lets bring on the heat s w a t!  love  [boogie around them bases girls!]"
   its hotter than a joggers nutsack outside!
   like a cop car!
"stayed up wayy to late lastnight, but it was funn! the drunker i get the better i am! lol"
"   cant believe my sons gonna be 2 already tomorrow, they sure do grow up fast!!  love "
   jesus may love you but the rest of us dont!
sure plays a mean pinball! lol
"   was told that i was \way to old skewl\""   is that a bad thing? i dont care   im me!  love """
"   and u want a triple x throw down? dial 1 900 mix alot, and kick them nasty thoughts! lmao"
   happy birthday b l! i cant believe my little stink butt is 2  i love you mister braiden  love 
   went to chucke cheeses for my sons bday and i think i had more fun them all the kids! lol
"   im not from <propfirst>, but i d town boogie!"
"   ill keep it on the low, do you?  love "
   im not from <propfirst> but i d town boogie!  love 
"   dont come around my way, cause i dont need another fat weather friend, with a trick up his sleeve!"
is setting sail with captain <propfirst>! [bring on the pool games!]
"   taste like vanilla coke, but wayyy more fun!  love "
"   happy hump day ya'll! the weekend needs to hurry up and get here, i dont think i can take the wait much longer!"
"   wow! it was good to see old friends today, come on 5 o'clock!"
"   could that girls b o get any worse?! i dont think so, but i dont want to find out, yucky!"
"   ohh my, can the weekend take any longer to get here?! please dont!! i want to do the dangd thang!!! [time to get down in atown!]  love "
",  so trial and error! my fone doesnt work at the atown lake! boo!"
"   ohh friday ure finally here and im off work, heading to the hp! can i get a amen?!?!  love "
   and its time to raise some hell in the good ol' hp ?
"   still cant believe i droped my fone in the <propmale> potty friday night! eh,"
   had a blast this weekend despite the rain and dropn my fone in the <propmale> potty!
   im like a ginormous fat kid!  love 
and it feels like a monday already!
   no colors anymore i want them to turn black!   love 
"is laughn on the inside, feels great to be hated!  love "
   i can be ure sunshine!  love 
"means one that you dont really know, ridin around town in a drop-top benz, hittin switches in my black six-fo!"
"is off to bed, goodnight!  love "
   and its hump day!
   just burnt my hand on the top oven rack! hmm what shall i name it?!
    crispen it is!
   boy you know im crazy for you!  love 
"   jesus may love you, but the rest of d0nt!  love "
"   my son just sang himself to sleep on the couch, he is too adorable!  love "
"   to all my friends that keep poking me, how about a kiss first? lmao!"
"breaking up with your partner & saying \we can still be friends\"" is like your dog dying & your mom saying \""you can still keep it\"""""
"   3 <propmale> tonight, and thats how i plan to beat <propmale> reel in the 5k on labor day! haha!"
just loves how the tooth <propfemale> teaches children that they can sell body parts for money!
   goodnight!  love 
"just had a fight with my alarm clock, it wanted me to wake up, and i disagreed  things got violent, now the alarm clocks broken and im wide awake  not sure who won   "
"as a kid i looked at life with wide eyes an great e playful ectations, but once i put on my glasses an seen the real picture i then realized i should of never ate that glue   "
has come to the conclusion that froot-loops are just gay cheerios!
"doesn't wear her helmet on the special bus, because it impedes my window licking abilities!"
"laughs at her mistakes   so pardon me, if i laugh in your face!  love "
   the taxidermist is stuffing my mother! haha [watchn hot tub time machine!]
"   if that guy doesnt fuckin lose his arm soon, ima take it from him myself! lma0"
   buenos noches  love 
   is starting to think that everyone in this town is on crack!
   life is what u make it homie  love 
   we playing naked twister back in my hotel!
   heading to <propfemale>  love 
   wishing the crispen will heal up soon!
"   now heading to help my brother rayray! [cant wait for bedtime, its been a long day]"
"is wondering what happened, but trying to remember what happened that made me forget to remember what i was supposed to remember what i forgot   its been a long day, now its time for bed, good night!  love "
"   monday?! i cant be, monday was just here last week!"
"   put on your seat belt, and strap on a helmet baby, if you want to get inside of my head your in for one hell of a ride!"
"don't come around my way, cause i don't need another fat weather friend, with a trick up his sleeve   dont need no friend, i don't need no broad, only thing i need, is the help of the good lord!  love "
   do mosquitoes really have 49 teeth?!
"   i am not fat, just doing my share in the fight against anorexia! ha!"
   brunettes make better psychos!
"is wondering why you have a license to fire a gun, get married, drive but not to be a parent the most important thing u'll ever do and they just let any moron! any w0man can have a child, but it takes a real w0man t0 be called a m0ther!  love "
"'s energy has been depleted, going to bed to recharge and dream up a way to use her sons energy to power the world, goodnight! ?"
   have pride in your imperfections and show the world that you are a work in progress!
"   note to self! if its frozen, bloody and in a gunny sack, its prob not something you should unthaw and eat, at the least open to see what heck it is   yucky!"
can't figure out what's so great about the twilight movies   it's all about this chick who can't figure out if she's into bestiality or necrophilia!
"   this is my cup of coffee, there are many like it but this one is mine, without me, my coffee is useless, without my coffee, i am useless!  love "
"   pray for those who do you wrong, and forgive and move along  love "
"thinks the name 'hump day' is disappointingly misleading, its already past lunchtime and i haven't been humped once! lmao"
"is off to play some softball in this heat! lets go leather and lace, we got this girls! lets use the heat to our advantage!  love "
"    ohh my 4 games of softball in a row, im beat!"
"sometimes while i drink my coffee i stare out the window and ask myself \how many people am i gonna cuss out today?\"" lol"""
is about as frustrated as a midget with a yo-yo right now!
feels like she got her best friend back! lol
"   haters will only try to drag you down to their level, but they cant get to this girl!  love "
   let the long weekend begin!
   ohh baby! i think i used t00 much icy hot!
   life is good! massage time for this girl!  love 
"is thinkn 4 smile 0am is gonna soon enough, long weekend ahead  leave tomorrow for hutch, then sunday off to okc!"
"   eh, good morning!"
"   gonna handle this day the 1,2 style baby!"
   got yelled at by an old hag for wearing the ironmans mask! i was just tryn it on  jezz! that's no way to get empolyee of the month!
got to see mr  domnick and no surprise he was wearing that ugly k-state noise! lol
"   had fun this weekend even tho, im tried and have a cold   yuck!"
"   woke up in the best mood and smiling, my son comes home today! man, have i missed that little fat kid! lol i  love  b l!"
"   when your heart is pure, your mind is clear! ?"
   girls gone wild september 10th at the nite lite in <propfirst>!
   let the bodies hit the floor! [feeling kinda raged]  love 
"   its such a beautiful day, i think ill skip my medications!  love "
"might not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body, i might not be everyones first choice, but im a great choice  i dont pretend to be someone im not because im too good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past but im proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me   as i walk away! i'm me! post this to your status if your proud of being you"
doesn't understand why there is braille on the key pad of the drive through atm machine at the bank   eh?
"is sipping from the cup of knowledge mixed with life, followed by a happiness chaser, and a twist of enjoyment!  love "
   s0n 0f a nutcracker! i just slammed my finger in the cash register at work 0uch!
is off to the pool to get some sun!  love 
"  when materials become what defines who you are, you have lost who you really are!  love "
"   to search for new oceans, you have to be willing to lose sight of the shoreline!"
"   and even though i act craaazy, gotta thank the lord that you made me! there are no words that can e playful ress how i feel, you never kept a secret, always stayed real  love "
"   another day another dollar if you're ready for the weekend, let me hear ya holla t g i f! [thank god im female!]  love "
   just wants to scream my head off!
"   its all about the he said, she said bullshit!"
"   don't really know why, but want justify ripping someones head off, no human contact, and if you interact, your life is on contract! your best bet is to stay away mutha, its just one of those days!!"
"   attempted to swaddled my son like i did when he was a born and let's just say he loved it, but it was a lot easier when he was <propfemale>! he's grown up too fast!  love "
   and coffey is my weakness
"   i think they should have 4 in the pack of zebra cakes instead of just 2, come on now!"
"   w0w, just loves the fact that people upload pictures that bring up the true story, whats the point of lying if your goin to post up pictures that prove that you lied! fake bitches i swear!!!!"
   aint nuthn but a g thang baeba!  love 
"   what a monday! got in the shower while i was still half was dressed, its been a long day at work! come on 2 o'clock  love "
"   when in doubt, beat the spit outta it!  love "
"   the worlds a roller coaster, and iam not strapped in, maybe i should hold with care, but my hands are busy in the air saying i wish you were here!  love "
   yahh ill run into your pretty little white ass!
"   to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon cuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing! lets see how many moms repost this, moms who don't care about whatever they gave up, instead love what they get in return!  love "
   someone needs to comment on <propfemale> swonger's status cause ive already got like 3 songs lined up! lol yea i know    over achiever!
"   when i look at the beautiful <propfemale> tonight, i think of you!  love "
   and its only wednesday?
   can this day drag on any looongerrrr?!
"   hey eh, ure seat belt is hanging out!"
   finally my day is over!
   im not strange   iam unique   there is not another one like me   aren't we lucky!  love 
   off to the pool to get some sun!
   e playful erts say people have a sexual thought every three minutes  i can hardly believe it  what do we think about for the remaining two? lmao
   is tryn to learn how to raise one eye brow!
   we are gonna keep cruising till we get closer to the <propfemale>!  love 
"   who knows me best? full name, age, birthday, eye color, best friend, nickname  g0!"
"   there are just so very many ways for me say this to you  never  not in a million years  absolutely not  no way <propfirst>  no <propmale> <propmale>  nyet  negatori  mm-mm  nuh-uh  uh-uh  and of course my own personal favorite of all time, man falling off of <propmale>  noooooooooooo!"
can see it now   40 years from now telling my grand kids how i would get up before dawn  in a blizzard  with no shoes on  just so my crops wouldn't go to waste! lmao
"   okay so our neighbor freaks me 0ut! he washes his driveway, waters the leaves in the trees, and sprays his dog everyday, but doesnt pay attention to what hes doing! hes too busy looking over at us and waits for us to look over so he can wave    a bit creepy i think!!"
"    ugh, just realized that my brother <propfirst> perez wont be here again for my birthday! i think ima cry!  heart-broken "
"   let's go girls, last tourny let's leave it all on the court!  love "
   maybe its my
"<---this fat kid needs food! last night was much to much, and this morning wasnt the best morning   must be nice to sleep all day and not have to worry about ure kids"
   headn to the river! self infliction is a dirty whore!!
"   soakn up <propmale> sun, getting kinda hungry! finally getting over the ol hangover!"
"   just got home from the river, now its shower time and i need to feed my fat face!"
"   wonders what today will bring, im in a good mood   watch out monday, and please dont ruin it for me!"
   you know when it is a she male when u have to watch and see what bathroom it goes into! lmao
   dtx!
"   end the end, it doesn't even matter! @<propfemale> perez!!"
   never be 3rd man!
"   i didn't want salmon, i said it like 4 times!"
"   iam cold monkey smuggla, and i got dollaz! bhaha"
"   yes, yes ure always on my mind!! there was never a dull moment   !"
"   yes, yes ure always on my mind!! there was never a dull moment   !"
   damn armadillos! lol i'm sorry <propfirst> the county doesn't understand!
   felt my back fat giggle for the 1st time today! haha
"   needs to work out and run more often!! @<propfemale> perez let's get our cowgirl boots on, go run, and come home and do the line dance workout! ha!!"
   no thong today i see! lmao
    <---princess of wrongness!!
   like clearing of the throat or grunting out a poo?! bhaha!!
"   wish <propfirst> was here, almost hit an armadi00!! i think the law should let him do their job! lol   just sayn!"
   what's there to do tonight?
   let's see what i get into tonight!!
   i dig in my ass a lot! <propmale> yoder
   sucking rings off fingers = oral stimulation!
   sorry about ure soap! lmao
   don't drink dr pepper! don't ask just don't drink it! lmao
   aint from <propfirst> but d town boggie!  love 
"   hotter than a joggers nut sack, come on beautiful fall weather!!"
"   the string is a guide <propfirst>, its just a guide!"
   i am nemo!  love  lmao
   but i miss you!!
"   its a beautiful day to go out a run! too bad it wasn't hot outside, perfect time to float down the river!!"
   it is the mucus that binds us!
"   <---this fat kid failed on cupcakes, hopefully the cake will be better!! fml   "
   watching finding nemo with my son!!  love 
   what does that even mean?!
"   wow, really? you think you have learned the 1st time   and you wonder why i don't give you the time of day!! fuck y0u!!!"
"   and you wonder why i don't give you the time of day, or even keep in touch, g0 fuck 0ff and stay 0utta my life!!"
   my eye hurts and i had a poopy day! yuck!!
"   do this, don't do that, can't you read the sign?"
   recognize the game before the game recognize you  love 
   pff!
   mothers worst enemy: potty training!!
"   thinkn maybe if i have one my guy friends pee in front of my son, he will get it!    i can only hope anyways!"
   should have went to bingo!
"   knows 10-15 minuets before i get the urge to pee, my toes tingle while i pee, and i always spit a lugy down the toilet after i pee  ha!!"
"   you're crazy, but i like you, but you're crazy!"
   i come from the land down under!  love 
   ya dig?
"   i will not back down!! i won a lot of radio contest, because i refuse to get off the line!"
   its my ded cats birthday!
   busting mine to kick yours!!
"   i think i'm in love, she's perfect for me!!"
   almost to kiowa!  love 
"   it ain't fair you died too young, like a story that had just begun, but death tore the pages all away  lml  love "
   missing you beautiful girls! lml  love 
"   wow i just looked at the time and kinda thought about it   seminar, hildingers seminar we got the word over the intercom    love "
"   ha, so you better double hustle your fees, your broke-ass rass ain't got enough cheese, and you out and lookin' phony, tryin' to stunt like me!! -dorrough"
   if i where a boyyy!  love 
   did ure ass just say squirrel?! lma0
"   now i'm better than ure ex, gonna be better than ure next, baby screwed  up, so you better be from texxasss!"
"   jesus christ is my friend, he tells me not to worry, says he picked the jury -db"
"   i can't really e playful lain it, i'm so into you now, i want to be more than friend to you now "
"   my son is kinda gettn the potty training thing, but he doesn't like wearing his \big boy\"" undies!    can i tape them to him? lol [just kiddn]"""
"   <propfemale> against the wind, pretend iam weightless, and in this moment iam happy, i wish you were here!"
"   the world's a roller coaster, and iam not strapped in  maybe i should hold with care, but my hands are busy in the air saying i wish you were here!!  love "
   myy old spice swagger smells so fresh and so clean!! [gotta love guy deodorant!!]
   all we are is dust in the wind  love 
"   well slap my ass, september 1oth is a hop, skip and a jump away babyy!! «any0ne thats any0ne already kn0ws the deal»   so what tha business is?!"
"   forget mr perfect, bring me a bad boy in tattoos!!  love  [bhahaha]"
"   everything is makn me mad today! friday please hurry ure butt up for the sake of others well being, thankks!!  love "
   and they're all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same  smile 
"   awww spit, just the thought of tonight is makn me excited!!! bha   "
"   girls gone wild, f y i <propfemale> is not responsible for any of her actions tonight, but will still keep respect for myself!!  love "
   cowboys!!  love 
   well can't win them all i guess!
"   we're just two lost souls, swimming in a fish bowl, year after year  love "
   what to cook for dinner? hmm   
   needs to go get new running shoes but hates breaking them in!
   game night tonight!  love 
   let's go chiefs babyy!!
"   loves when people's lifes are so dangd lame that they have to make stuff up about yours, seriously nut up or shut up bitch!!"
   i thought hurricane season was ova! bha
"   go on, say something in spanish!  love "
"   don't come around my way, cause i don't need another fat weather friend with a trick up his sleeve  love "
"   man, its hotter than a joggers nut suck!"
"   is <propfemale> jealous, how does he make those dangd upside down question marks?! •"
"one, two, three, four, five, six  one, two, three, four, five, six  0ne, tw0, three, f0ur, five, sssix!"
"   we are the ones who dwell within  i am the one who dwelt within cain! i am the one who dwelt within nero! i once dwelt within judas! i was with legion, i am belial, and i am lucifer, the devil in the flesh!! [1,2,3,4,5,6]"
"   had a blast last night! im still recovering, but who could pass up glow sticks, connectors, duct tape, and cats?! [lmao]"
"   well its monday rather i like it or not, at least its almost lunch time  smile "
"   is need a workout running buddie, until i find one its tanning time while my son is resting  smile "
   like a slice of butter melting on a big ol' pile of flapjacks!
"   say baby do you wanna lay down by my side, ah baby do you wanna lay down with me? say baby   say babyy!! «pri,mus» lmao  love "
   watchn <propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory with my kido! have a grand night all  love 
   is it really only tuesday   really?! «sigh»
"   keep ure problems to ureself sweetie cause people are makn fun of you, and or use it against you ?"
"   sons of anarchy,i think so!"
   its a bit like fly fishing
   ohh i love being a fat kid!! 1 eat the last 2 zebra cakes 2 brush teeth 3 then off to bed!  love 
   all this pirate nonsense on facebook is crackn my spit up!!
   i like it on the stairs!!  love 
<--- this fat kid is hungry! what shall i cook for dinner?  love 
   out on a walk with my kido!!
   loves it when my son     wants to cuddle!!
   ice cream for my fat lip? pretty please with a <propfemale> on top!  love 
"   eh, maybe a shot of whiskey   ima sure it will do the trick!!"
"   beings i can't really drink out of a bottle can cause my lip, who's gonna join me in a round of shots later?"
   how would you feel about sucking my wang? bha   don't ask!!
   my fone is messd up dangd it 
"   bacon, pancakes, eggs, and cartoons!!  love "
"   not sure if it good or bad thing, but its different!  love "
   had mega fun at the park  love 
likes it on the stairs!!
   if i stand on my tipy toes i can see saturday!!  love 
"   1400 calories later i found myself at subway, powering down a 12 inch veggie on whole wheat "
   this right here is my new lambo!
   cheesy bacon tacos for dinner tonight? ima thinkn so 
   aint nuthn but a g thang baeba!  love 
"   and all i can do is just pour some tea for two, and speak my point of view but its not sane  love "
   is it lunch time yet?
   kinda missing my lil whore lol
   if i stand on my tipy toes i can see friday!!
   loves sleep!! goodnight  love 
   who wants to dance in the rain with me? <kiowa tonight!>
   gotta headcold and its monday  need i say more?
   too bad you wasnt sick it would make today go by faster!!  smile 
"   the world is a roller coaster and ima not strapd in, maybe i should hold on with care but my hands are busy in the air saying i wishd u where here  love "
"   just wondering, do u like a finger in ure butt? lmao"
"   fuck you mom, fuck y0u!!"
"   ohh <propfemale>, i love you!"
   and to top it all off my love is here   the weekend!! <thank god ima female> tgif
   its gonna be a grand weekend  be safe  love 
"   b l cant be a pimp tonight, he threw up so no trick or treating for him tonight  annoyed "
   gotta love to be hated!  love 
   just wishd my son would get over this illness   soon!
"   your kinda, sorta, always on my mind  i hate it!!"
   dontcha hate it when you wanta say so much but ya just keep all the excitement inside and find ureself smiling for no aparent reason? i d0nt!!   love 
   ure shit is weak sweetie   just sayn!  love 
   wired to the t  love 
"   dont kno if u get it yet, he's like the lighter to my cigarette  love "
   hmm wonder what to make um for lunch?
"   when i get bored of something, i get rid of it and find something new!!  ya dig?  love "
is easily amused as iam confused!  love 
"   jesus may love you, but the rest of us dont  love "
   and his crazyself-beingness makes me feel normal <if that makes any since> bha  love 
   when i pop my collar i make them smile
   this fat kid is makn <propfemale> bacon l ts tonight for dinner yumm!!  love 
"   you smell of beef and cheese, you dont smell like <propfemale>!!"
   slide me a hater like a patio door  love 
   who wants to go dance in the rain ?!  love 
"   they walk on the red carpet cause they're famous, i walk on toilet paper cause im the shit!!  love "
   havn a relaxing day ! woot woot!!
"   ima give today the ol' 1, 2 !! bha  love "
   you better be glad i like you chump !! bha 
"   i does my mutha f*ckn thang, ya digg?"
   fml!!
   normaly i just hit and run but maybe i should keep her ! lmfao 
   this sucks !
   i hate this part 
   is happy!!
   is it time for lunch break yet?
   super size it b*tch!  love 
   its my loves birthday today!!  love 
   ima day dreamer  love 
   thats what id call bad <propfemale> kid  ha!
   stoked for this weekend  love 
   really dont even care 
   wants to be snuggled up in my bed still  love 
   aww spit !!
"   goin to bed, wake me up when friday comes back around!  smile "
   its like a unspokn agreement  smile 
"   just wanta scream, i hope today can see my middle finger !!"
   get to see my brother at 1 smile 0 but i dont get to talk to him  weak action!
   at the park with my kido  love 
   'bout that time  love 
   f*ck maintain boy i gotta keep ballin  love 
"   thats when i start dreaming about some spit i dont remember, but this aint nuthing new to me cause ima day dreamer  smile "
   heres the deal  iam the best there is  plain and simple  i wake up in the morning and i piss excellence 
"   national hug a hispanic day, show some love to the brown people!!  love "
   you cant spell fun without y0u in the middle!   smile 
"   its gonna be an uh-mazing weekend, and the best part is i getta see my brotha tomorrow !!  love "
   i think therefore i am!  love 
"   in ancient <propfemale>, people committed suicide by eating a whole pound of salt   really ?"
   goin to see my brotha ! i miss his self being   
   eh  we're bunk mates
   literally the number game should eff'n stop  n0w!! «sorry for yelling»
   its mr  steal your girl ! ha!!
"   gotta handful of stacks  betta grab an umbrella, i make it rain ! •"
   ihate you with a heated passion ! •
   went by the grill today and it made me sad   but bet ure ass i laughed !! grand times and i miss ya'll   !!!  love 
"   if you're brave, copy this to your status and see what people rate you  [1] crazy  [2] wish we went out  [3] talkative  [4] sarcastic  [5] lovable  [6] sexy  [7] strong  [8] dumb [9] spoiled  [10] mouthy  [11] wild  [12] goofy  [13] funny  [14] awesomly awesome  [15] amazing •"
"   i just wanta scream, thats all  !"
"   really, can i really be that dumb ?!    dont anwser that !!"
   fuck you !
"   wont let u f*ck with my head, so to me u are dead !  love "
   its kinda sick how iam stuck on you  haha 
"   theres only two types of guys out there, ones that can <propfemale> with me and ones that are scared  love "
"   so, tomorrow is friday !  smile "
   tonight shall be wayy fun !¡
   cant wait to see my loves!¡   smile 
"   is not held for any of her actions this weekend, but will keep respect for herself !  love "
"   cant wait to see my two best friends ever tonight, to make up for missing out on their big day yesterday !  love "
"   he aint got a girl, but he aint alone  love "
"   sawweet, just in time for the eclipse!"
"   thinkn u tha shit girl, ya get skeeted on ! lmao"
   if i where a boy !
   if i where a boy ! lma0
   lunch time is the best time !  smile 
"   rain rain go away, thats what all my haters say  love "
"   iam single, thanks for asking ! people take this fb too serious  just cause ure in a picture with somebody doesnt mean much   dont hate cause it aint you trick ! bha   smile "
"   he doesnt even kno, but iam sure its a givin ! ha, iam off to bedd to cuddle up with my kool-aid  smile "
"   cant wait to watch my loves girls is afternoon, gonna have wayy fun !"
   so far today has been nothing but uh-mazing !  smile 
"   hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas, mister braiden and i are gonna have so much with his new toys ! mega cant wait to see my familia monday !!   smile "
   one word  uh-mazing !  smile 
   in kiowa !  love 
   its mister steal your girl  love 
    do you kno  !?  love 
"   cant sleep, sucks   mayybe cause something missing!   love "
"   god made coke and god made pepsi, god made me so bloody sexy, god made rivers and god made lakes, god made u, but then we all make mistakes ! ha !  love "
is thinking it would be nice to know what the future holds for the decisions we make today   if only we knew the results before we took the path  love 
"    got pulled over by a cop and she said papers and i said scissors, i win,! then she made me get out of my truck and do a bunch of tests  what a sore loser!!"
   and that makes for a good night! ha!  smile 
"   went up by the <propfemale> house to find a little papper than had a picture of <propfirst> and i in our elf outfits with <propfemale>,, ahh the good ol' days!!  smile "
   you can thank me now !  smile  ha 
   because i said so  love 
"   so we get to the park and my son starts to run off without me laughing, looks up ans sees a semi comn down the road so he starts running back towards me freakin out  hilarious,!"
"   beings its hump day, ima do the 1, 2 ! ha!  love "
"   i already know iam not perfect, iam far from it, but iam me "
   fuck y0u ! and i say that with no love ! ugh   people piss me off !
"   spend money like it dont mean nuthin, plus i gotta thing for you !  smile "
"   its friday, what shall i do tonight¿?"
"   shouldnt i still be sleeping ? b l is so cranky and sick, maybe we can both be lazy today   smile "
"   black stripe, yellow paint  them niggas scared of it, but them ho's ain't !  love "
"   uhhhh, na na na naaa  lmao!"
   gettn my booty to bedd!    its gonna be monday when i wake up  annoyed  but atleast it finally snowd!  smile !
   whoa  its snown again  must be a new record 4 kansas lmao wanta be boarding so badd !  love 
"   had an uh-mazing night, got to see my best friends  goodnight  love "
"   dont ever just throw ure faults and problems out there, cause people are gonna either laugh at you and or find away to use it against you   its life "
"   getn rid of people that i cant stand, sweety go find ure own friends to bug  lol"
"   i bang, i slang, my nuts <propfemale>  yup, so dont get it confused! ha love "
"   in a weird mood, lets hope my mouth doesnt get me in trouble! teeheehee  smile  !"
   who wants to help me figure out the perez familia tree ? this is gonna take a while  smile 
"   mannn, iam awake?, atleast its friday !  love "
   you are my sanity !  love 
   starting to get that friday feeling !  love 
   atleast your okay !  love 
"   havn a great night, if my son would go to sleep!  annoyed "
   milk was a bad choice 
"   iam so ready for this to be over, want to just be home chilln !  annoyed "
   feels like poop ! =[
   not sure how to feel about all this noise  never been so confused before  annoyed 
   mannnn
   iam so happy i could just shit!  smile 
   this is why i dig chicks ! lol really ?
   just wants to give up!
<- this fat kid needs ideas for dinner !  love 
"   if u want something done right, do it ure damn self!  smile "
   just another manic monday  love 
   and its almost lunch time !!  love 
"   what it sound like,  smile "
   the way he acts when he comes back makes me want to take my shoe off and do some damage    to her face !
"   i cant wait for tonight, its gonna be much needed time with my love @<propfemale> deen and my bff @branson deen!  love "
"   heeheehee! b l is cracking me up, dancing around in this big boy underwear!  love "
"   so does anyone else notice how creepy people really on here! ohhh god, and to think shes from around here makes it so much funnier! lmao lets just say \watch out for the night cougar\""  smile """
"   is goin to her happy place, goodnight!  love "
"   starting to get the friday feeling, its amazing weather, so lets do tha dangd thang!!  love "
"   had too much fun at the park! its always good to see wonder woman, ohh yeahh and i was good to see you too <propmale>! haha!"
   sometimes i wonder why i even care anymore!
   after a long day i finally get to rest my bones but i had a great weekend ! goodnight!  love 
   when iam around put it down on me  love 
"   much to much to do for a monday, hopefully it makes the day go by fast!  smile "
   i need a go girl !  smile 
"   we ttg, trained to go shawty  smile "
   bringn it back with some mc hammer dance moves ! what u kno bout that   bha !  love 
   snoop at doc's tonight  who all goin ?
"    at the hospital with my son, lord i hope no rsv or asthma ! =["
   thank the lord hes only borderline rsv   love 
   is very thankful   love 
"    just wished b l could sleep, mommy is wayy wornout  can't wait till i have my little mister back !  annoyed "
   is really happy with you !  love 
   so the looong week is pretty much over and b l has made uh-mazing progress recovering ! bam!  love 
"   just me and my boss, no worries at all  love "
   just breath   love 
"   this fat  kid just needs some milk and cookies, before i brush my teeth and get my booty to bed! goodnight  love "
   summer swervin!  love 
"   mannnn, i cant wait for summer nights!  love "
   thinkn nathen wants to shoot me right about now  lmao ! [=
   thats what i thought   smile 
   wants to be drivn around and jamn out ! its beautiful out!  love 
"   love is the air, i put on a gas mask  id rather be head first, then to ask last   love "
   and i keep my army with me like m a s h  love 
"   so my wisdom teeth have been lashing at cheek fat all day, cant wait till bed time!"
   writting my brotha  dang starting to miss that fool  hella!
    cant wait to flipn eat!  smile 
   sometimes you need to talk to a toddler to see the beauty of the world again!  love 
   sometimes we must lose ourselfs in order to find our way !  love 
"   your mamas ass is so hairy, it looks like <propmale> <propmale> about to pop out and say only in <propfemale> ! lmao"
   imagine if birds where tickeld by feathers   love 
"   its just some letters and some phone time mama  whats the <propfemale> rule,dont turn on my partner  love "
   nathen said i would always be right as long as i didnt agrue with anybody else  [=
"   is excited, kinda get to see <propfirst> today  i miss that fool   love "
"   when i grow up, i wanta be a kid again !  love "
    getn that funky friday feeling  lmao  love 
"    well jesus may love you, but the rest of us dont   love "
"   my mom cracks me up sumtimes  she watched the ring video and she clicked on the do not watch extra  and she told me, incase she dies in 7 days   smile  i love it!"
"   cant wait till this week to start, its gonna be an uh-mazing week !  love "
"   b l is wearing his big boy undies, and is potty in the toilet, and even puts the lid down afterwards!  smile  bam!"
"    energy has been depleted, goin to bed to recharge, and dream up away to use my sons energy for myself tomorrow! goodnight"
"   we, the unwilling  lead by the unknowing  do the impossible for the benefit of the ungreatful   love "
"   before you spend, save  before you assume, understand why  before you hurt someone, already know where to bury the body !  love "
"   reckons that at the right distance, in the right light, at the right <propfemale> and if u squint just right   iam pretty damn smokn ! lmao  love "
"   everybody has the power to make somebody happy  some people do it by entering a room, and some do it by leaving   smile "
"   have pride in ure imperfections, and show the world ure a work in progress !  love "
"   great minds think alike, but dirty minds work together ! haha "
"   put red bull in my coffee pot this morning, instead of water  right now, i can see noise  [="
"   when all else fails, let um see ure funky chicken ! lmao  love "
"   those who matter, wont mind  those who mind, dont matter   love "
"   i wish mother nature would start taken her meds, pop open a bottle of wine,and start thinkn warm, happy thoughts !  love "
   my brotha might be getn out tomorrow ! awww shyt !  love 
   getn ready to see my brotha   love 
   ure <propfemale> <propfirst> of sarcastic sunshine has arisen !
   is amazing some people made it threw the birth canal !
   hope everybody has a grand green day !  love 
"   you must make a choice to take a <propmale>, or your life will never change   love "
"    mother nature, your close but think warmer please !  love "
   keeping my dearest friend close to my hear this afternoon  i love you becca goddard !  love 
"   and you know a nigga gone when he walk up to a hoe like, excuse me miss i aint tryn to be funny, let me beat that pus*y like it'd owe me money  aye !!"
"    maybe the weekend should be spread out threw out the week,, that would be nice !!  love "
"   you've showd me strength, and for that i envy you   love "
   not sure where to go from here   heart-broken 
"   everyone can breath now, its the weekend !  love "
"   sometimes you gotta turn around, take a long hard look at the past, and say fuck itt   smile "
   just gave my moms turtle a bath so when he gets where he's goin he can hit on other lady turtles  haha 
   aww snap!
   getn ready to watch how do you know  woot woot !
   is thinkn b l's finally getn over terrible 2's  i can only hope anyways  !!
   eh 
    love 'n life 
"   it rubs the lotion on its skin, or else it gets the hose again ! ha !"
"   before you give someone a piece of your mind, make sure you can spare it   love "
   todays been grand and if i stand on my tipy toes i can see the weekend   love 
"   i aint gonna flex, im not gonna front  you know if i ball, then we all gonna stunt !  love "
   maybe a few drinks will be on my agenda this weekend  =§
   my son sure looks flipn cool wearing his big boy undies backwards   just so he can see spiderman ! ha!  love 
"   wants to do something tonight, but this weather makes me wanta hide in my bed  °_°"
"   hope everybody has a rockn weekend, be safe !! \\m "
    slinky  !  slinky  !  g0 slinky g0 !!  laugh 
"   the world's a rollercoaster, and iam not strapped in  maybe i should hold with care, but my hands are busy in the air saying i wish you where here   love "
   ohhh the memories !! lol <propfirst> i hate you   love 
"   hope this turns out for the best, and moves along quickly !! my tummy is starting to freak out  ughhhh   annoyed "
    been waiting for this weekend for awhile now !! easter weekend is the best !!  love 
   headn to hutch 
"   headn back from hutch, then its off to <propfirst> !! cant wait to see meh familia !! be safe everybody, ya heard ?!  love "
"   people are hella <propmale> today, just because its monday doesn't mean it has to be the worst flipn day of the week !!"
   can today just be over already !  annoyed 
"   when the heart is pure, the mind is clear !!  love "
"   put ure number 2's in the air, if ya did it on um !!  love "
   who's all going to snake hunt ?!
"   wasnt any shock, i just hate being right !!  heart-broken "
"   ugh, is it lunch time yet ?  smile "
   can i pretty please go to bed now ?!  smile 
"   not only am i perfect, but iam mexican too  lol happy cinco de mayo everybody !!  smile "
