aa1710aa88010428ea28aa4dde8f72ab
two days off!
feels a little better 
great times  hanging with friends 
taking <propmale> to the park today  maybe going to springfield 
nothin 
my bday is next week and i don't know what i want to do  somebody give me suggestions please 
horton hears a who!
funeral is saturday morning 
horton hears a who again! does he never get tired of it?
it's my bday!
panera was awsome!
needs to start sleeping more regularly 
volunteered 
what else 
baby! he is <propfemale> <propfemale>! but healthy 
<propfirst> is doing well too 
sooo tired right now and still have to work later after classes 
five hours is a long time to stay in the library but i am way ahead on my math homework so yay!
little grey bats are so cute! i went in a cave today!
is slowly figuring it out 
bring it on 
<propfirst> came home early!
awsome!
freezing! seriously i can't make it warm 
is all alone now 
"is considering studying for my test tomorrow but, will probably put it off until morning and watch a movie instead "
drink some  eat some macaroni  watch a movie  it's a good night 
lost in wonderland and can't figure out how i got there 
where the hell are all the spiders coming from! someone make them go away  please?
i'm so excited and i just can't hide  i'm about to lose control and i think i like it 
got down in the dirt! literally i crawled through an 18 inch opening to get into a cave for my class 
new hair do!!!
i made some pretty awsome pork chops 
got pulled over last night and only got a verbal warning! don't tell dad please 
"break!! i had a day off with nothing to do, sooo i took myself to see new <propfemale> "
i need opinions  my friend <propfemale> wants to dye my hair red  comments?
http annoyed  www wimp com inefficientdrinker
has to go back to work at 2 smile 0  ugh!
got home about 20 <propfemale>  ago  had alot of fun!
"had a great day, for no reason at all!"
it's a beautiful day!
too much studying! my brain hurts 
"big finals done, only one left! cross your fingers for me, i actually studied "
"pretty sure i passed all my classes, just waiting on chemistry grade now "
going to grandma's tomorrow  yay! i get deer sausage 
school starts in 5 days!
"i'm going out on saturday, school starts monday!"
"i want a puppy, but can't have one yet "
gave blood today!
can not remember what i forgot 
i can't figure out why the temp in my apartment keeps going down even though the furnace has been constant! it is now 63 degrees!
oh yes i did! how do ya like me now?
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    monett, mo"
"sometimes your ready and sometimes your not, but you will never know for sure until you try "
"all day, and not much to do  how wonderful is that?"
procrastinating by postponing the inevitable 
finally declared my <propmale>! administrative management  possible double <propmale> of human resources and maybe a minor in accounting 
ugh!
going out!!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the one's who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer month  that is for my aunt <propfemale>!"
"i've started selling avon, i need some help networking  any ideas?"
"if anyone would like to check out avon and it's products, please e-mail me at isley1986@missouristate edu or check out my webpage: youravon com aisley  thanks so much "
"i will be putting in my avon order tomorrow night, probably at 10, if anyone has any additions to their order, or if someone wants to make one  just a heads up "
i'm doing great! how are you?
"\you did then what you knew how to do and when you knew better    you did better!\"" - <propfemale> angelou"""
"study break! need more energy, and motivation "
"studied till 4 smile 0 this morning, woke up at 7 smile 0 (not because of the sirens) and now has 2 more hours till my final! i have alot of energy this morning, hope it lasts "
"i did not do as well on my final as i wanted, but i am passing the class with a d (sigh) it is my own fault though, and i take full responsibility for it  thanks for the prayers!"
i really want to go dancing tonight!
"too much time, so many thoughts, it's just not enough for me  i want something more real "
i can handle the truth    can you?
i hate drama!
i have a saturday off  omg!!!     what do i do with it?
"i have a baby neice! <propfemale> kathrynn isley, 10:29pm, 7lb 6oz, 20 5 inches long!!!!!!"
"had a fantastic night out, almost completely drama free "
one more week!
so i got up at 5 smile 0am   i work at 9 smile 0am   i guess i forgot  indecision 
3 days!!! oh my gosh 
just saw the sorcerer's apprentice  pretty good 
"thanks soooo much for the happy bday's!! i was out of town since thursday night, just got back today "
i have all weekend off!!
"2 a m  i'm still awake, what's wrong with that picture?"
"i feel i am missing something, but what it is-is a mystery "
"accounting is now the bane of my existence, so i took a break to go bowling! and now stare blankly at a mess i can't figure out   sad "
i came home to the dark today  it was kinda hard to get up the stairs 
i am having issues with depreciation in accounting!! actually it's not the depreciation but everything that came after it  bah!!
my brain is completely fried 
"i would love today, if i weren't sick  i sleep for six hours then wake up to take more nyquil, which is why i'm asleep in the first place "
"just watched clash of the titans at <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s, it was pretty good "
too much procrastination will hurt your homework!
tonic with <propfemale>!! wahoo!
"i colored my hair yesterday!! i haven't decided if i like it, but it's growing on me "
"i got through my com 115 speech!!!! i wrote the speech this afternoon, but it was pretty good "
"i want to go out and do something this weekend, anybody else? maybe saturday night?"
i'm going to the movies!
decided not to go to the movies 
i went to the gym today! yay me!
i made kick-ass banana bread!
"someone got into my car today! no damage, pretty sure nothing was taken, but still freaks me out!"
went out by myself!
i went to electric cowboy! it was a blast!
"packing, cleaning, homework, and class! today is sooo busy "
i received a 'b' on my speech from a couple weeks ago!!! who would have thought?
"i want pizza, but i'm cleaning my oven     sad "
"my house is almost packed! i just need to do the kitchen and my desk, but where to start   "
"suppose to move today! fun, fun "
yay no class!!! sleep is good 
stuff overload!
uuurrrrggghhh!!! aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh  sorry just needed to yell  laugh 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past or if your family is full of crazies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you have    a true friend, they will know who they are  wink  love u friend!!!!"
"my older sister had surgery today  she is doing well, but will be in pain for a bit  i'm soooo happy she is alright!!!"
<propfemale>
"i have washed most of the dishes, now bring on the homework! (after i take a break  hehe)"
i'm dreaming of a white christmas   
"<propfemale> christmas!! it snowed some last night i am excited, but it is not enough  sad "
