a500dfbde4f9279aae4a4d1dc6d8175a
it is a proven fact  that after monday and teusday it reads wtf!
"to celebrate ? <propfirst>'s day, change your profile picture to you and your <propfirst>, and be sure to tell how long you've been together! copy & paste this to your profile   "
in two more days my woman will be home starting our new life  i am so excited!
well my woman has moved and is now at home waiting for me to come home from iraq!!
is anybody in this country patriotic anymore!?! bra colors made facebook news but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!!! this should appear in everyone's status! please do this!!
happy fathers day to all of us dads out there!
made it to ga  now getting ready for a long week of work 
for those of you who do not know  my little brother died in a car wreck on saturday  he turned 28 on friday and died on saturday  please keep us in your thoughts and prayers  his service will be today at usrey funeral home at 10 am  i will truely miss my brother  he was a great man   friend   brother  i love you <propfirst>!
"i would like to think everyone for their thoughts, prayers and support during the events of my brothers passing  things are tough but it is great friends and family like yourself that has helped my family get through this  again thanks to everyone "
"you and i wake up in jail together, using only 4 words, what would you say to me?leave me a comment then put this as your status and see what funny results you\get  if you comment, you must put as your status  fair is fair"
"'s advice: love the people who treat you right   prey on the ones that don't   wait, no it's pray for the ones that don't   yeah, that's it  wink "
"<propfemale> drawdy annoyed a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran, or support the troops"
well this year has sucked  2 good friends from work pass away  my brother passed away not to long ago  and yesterday my sister passed away  this year has really blowed  everyone please keep me and my family in your prayers over the next week for strength and soothing of our pain  thank you all
oh see i knew there was more  a good friend from work lost his wife and i also lost a nephew this year  man this year has really sucked!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
