24efc477aa3e9e2a1baeb997cb14b5cd
doing the wilbury twist
is <propmale> raccoon
"so, so you think you can tell heaven from hell, blue skies from pain "
if you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life dragging behind you the silent reproachof a million tear-stained eyes don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet 
i am a loser at the top of my game 
is starting to think that only a few elite people are cyclone fans!
thank you northwestern for showing the world that iowa is worthless!
it is now my duty to completely drain you
"day after day, love turns grey like the skin of a dying man   night after night, we pretend its all right, but i have grown older and you have grown colder and nothing is very much fun any more "
lets go yellow jackets!
"i've always been mad, i know i've been mad, like the most of us   very hard to e playful lain why you're mad, even if you're not mad   "
"you can get anything you want, at <propfemale>'s restaurant"
is going to have a date with <propfemale>!
give me a choice between pleasure and pain  i choose pain
is putting holes in happiness
is a spider from mars
"toys in the attic, i am crazy "
"see me, feel me, touch me, heal me!"
"you talk about your woman, i wish you could see mine   every time she starts to lovin', she brings eyesight to the blind "
"i see a man without a problem   i see a country always starved   i hear the music of a heartbeat, i walk, and people turn and laugh "
loving life and becoming wise in simplicity 
coz' every girl's crazy 'bout a sharp dressed man 
i can't turn my back on you when you are walking away 
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together 
don't break my heart and i won't break your heart-shaped glasses 
"i feel i'm being followed, my head is empty   yet every word i say turns out a sentence "
"i can't e playful lain myself because i'm not myself, you see?"
"space may be the final frontier, but it’s made in a hollywood basemen "
"but through the eternal night, the twinkling of starlight   so very far away, maybe it's only yesterday"
is going to see <propmale> waters the wall tomorrow night!  be jealous!
<propmale> waters the wall live was the most epic thing i have ever seen!  pretty sure i will never see a better show ever!
is tossing the kidney!
sometime i think it's a shame when i get feelin' better when i'm feeling no pain 
"there may be a great fire in our soul, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke "
reading is becoming my drug of choice with good music as the light 
i don't think i'm easy to talk about  i've got a very irregular head  and i'm not anything that you think i am anyway 
a dream you dream alone is only a dream  a dream you dream together is reality 
"e playful ose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes  you are free "
"i used to live in a room full of mirrors; all i could see was me  i take my spirit and i crash my mirrors, now the whole world is here for me to see "
science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence 
"when you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?"
running to the edge of the world
when i get to the bottom i go back to the top of the slide where i stop and turn and i go for a ride till i get to the bottom and i see you again
some kind of innocence is measured out in years   you don't know what it's like to listen to you fears 
