b841691f5551bcac802d4a4edb9c5675
"doing two college final papers this week for university of phoenix, which i need to hand in by this sunday  wish me luck!"
"new university of phoenix psychology course officially begins today  i am highly excited, as this is a field that has always been of greatest passion to me  i certainly look forward to what i am about to embark!  smile "
"working on an extensive psychology paper this weekend, which is supposed to cover the psychological learning theories and mechanisms of classical and operant conditioning  what a weekend it's going to be!"
"today is monday, and i already have a 7-day university of phoenix academic work week ahead of me--which officially began today  i am required to participate in learning team assignments for my psychology courses  that means that i am assigned to a group of students, with which i have to complete a assigned academic task--such as a formal paper  wish me luck, everybody--this is going to be quite a ride!!!!!"
"adhin today is monday, and i already have a 7-day university of phoenix academic work week ahead of me--which officially began today  i am required to participate in learning team assignments for my psychology courses  that means that i am assigned to a group of students, with which i have to complete an assigned academic tas   k--such as a formal paper  wish me luck, everybody--this is going to be quite a ride!!!!!"
"i'm feeling inspired today, despite my hectic college schedule  physical, psychological, and spiritual balance is always the key to authentic bliss--as well as being grateful for the good things within his or her life  acknowledging that one is a unique manifestation of god with a purpose to serve--like everybody else--also helps  remember these whenever you are having a mediocre day  affirmative thoughts work!"
"sitting at starbucks and enjoying the ambience of coffee and music, as i wrap up my academic day  their java-chip drinks rock!  smile "
"injustice can only be eradicated when truth is demonstrated in the most appropriate manner, for each injustice e playful erienced  as a future mft (marriage family therapist) and clinical psychologist, i thus encourage all abusees to find constructive means by which to liberate themselves from any form of abuse--personal, academic, or professional organizational  never tolerate untruth; it only propagates more suffering!"
"i moved out of my parents' house last thursday, and am living with a friend while i complete my psychology and counseling studies via the university of phoenix  i have two other roomates, so we aren't the only ones in the house  i moved out on very bad terms with my family, and don't foresee our relationship being salvable  words of encouragement would be appreciated  i need all the emotional support that i can get!"
"on another note to anybody in an abusive relationship who just read my previous post, never settle for less, and get out of that relationship a s a p  we all deserve authentic bliss, and codepedency is never the correct means by which to achieve that  if i could do it, so can you  when the heart of one's courage is strong, liberation from any bondage is feasible!"
"starting from scratch, and reinventing myself again--just like the people i've admired as role models throughout my lifetime (isn't it funny how we become identical to them on many levels?)  now i can move forward with my life, and focus on college  thank you all sooooo much for your love and support  i especially give thanks to <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and vishal for your comments  i luv you all!"
"on another note, people should consider not posting such broad thoughts, if they don't e playful ect honest answers from sincere people like me  it just seems contradictory--especially if a person claims to be spiritual, and gets wholehearted replies from spiritualists like me "
"feeling rejuvenated, and ready to embark new projects  a lot of things are coming into perspective now, so that's a good thing! another two weeks until my biopsychology class begins  yay!"
"one week left until my biopsychology course begins for uop (university  of phoenix)  this is going to be a highly interesting course, and i am definitely excited to embark it  for now though, i must complete my final project for my history and systems in psychology course  wish me luck everyone!  smile "
"so many str8 guys automatically assume that every gay guy who walks into a local store in which they work or are shopping will hit on them, and try to get lucky  i can't stand the stereotype that gay men are compulsive sex whores, whose only objective is to screw every freakin' guy that sits or walks before them  get an open mind, str8 guys! you may not be my type anyway  don'tcha just hate stupid people   lol?!"
"i've always been a proponent of treating others as i would like to be treated, as i do believe in the universal law of cause and effect, aka karma \\",b841691f5551bcac802d4a4edb9c5675,"my university of phoenix biopsychology course officially begins today, and i am highly excited to embark it  biopsychology has always been of significant interest to me, and i certainly look forward to the next 5 weeks of this online course  this is also the fourth class for my bachelor of science program in psychology, after recently earning my associate of arts degree in psych  last june  wish me luck everybody!"
"i am finally feeling a sense of physical, psychological, spiritual, and and academic balance--after a month of hectic shifts in my personal and academic life  it is great to be free from people who constrict others, by pretending to be friends when they really aren't  that is a mistake that i will never make again! i'm just focusing on finishing school, knowing that the latter is far more important than posers!  smile "
"start with the seemingly litttle, and bigger prospects and accomplishments will eventually ensue in return  the universal law of attraction is based upon the primal law of \love \"" that which you give your attention to and act upon with utmost passion will eventually  manifest in your daily life--for better or worst  we are spiritual beings having a human e playful erience--not the opposite way around!  smile """
"you are an individuated aspect of divinity itself  the one truth that humanity has found the most difficult to accept is the one truth that would free humanity forever  god and we are one \\--neale <propfirst> walsh"
"stand up for what you believe in, and utterly know of, with your innermost essence (spirit soul)--even though you may find yourself standing alone  that is the key to authentic physical, psychological, and spiritual <propfemale>, and there is nothing else greater "
"treat others with the love and respect that you wish to be treated with from others in thought, word, and deed  the pure god-consciousness energy within and as your innermost and outer beings, is the same pure energy within such aspects of every living organism--human, animal, plant, etc  when you mistreat another person or living organism, you are really mistreating yourself!"
"recognize yourself and every person that you encounter as a manifestation of source energy (god)  we are each manifestations of the same source, and must therefore treat oneself and others with equal love and respect   smile "
"<propfemale> christmas and a happy new year to you all, dear friends! may your holiday season be joyful, and the new year be prosperous  remember: we are spiritual beings having a human e playful erience, not the opposite way around!  smile "
"happy new year, everyone! may you all have a fun and safe new year's day, and may 2011 be wonderful for you all!  smile "
"eeek   i just walked out of my local public library yesterday to talk on my cell phone, and returned to see that my laptop was missing--one that i had purchased about 3 months before  thank god to financial aid though, as i was able to replace it (with the help of my mom, even though she seemed upset to have to spend the money)  at least i got it replaced though, as my college education depends on it!!!!!"
"sigh of utter relief--in addition to replacing my stolen laptop with a new one this past week, i was finally able to activate the preloaded microsoft office 2010 that came with the new laptop earlier today  now i can breath without anxiety, because i will be able to finish my psych  assignment this week  i just hope that whoever stole my computer gets the karmic result of their actions  thievery is not fair!!!!!!!!!"
"gratitude therapy: always take some time within your day to find at least 3-5 things that you are grateful for within your life  this is especially helpful when you feel dejected, or negative in any other way  by taking inventory of all the good things in your life, you will almost instantly begin to feel better  the latter is also a good meditation method, to align body, mind, and spirit  trust me--it works!  smile "
"i was home today, due to cold symptoms                    i still need to get better, and won't resume college until thursday  thank god for green and white teas, as well as hot chocolate  the more antioxidants, the better!"
"wow   sooo glad to be back at the library with my usual college schedule; its finals week though, so i better catch up fast (yipes!) i was out for 2 days, due to a moderate cold  i'm still somewhat ill, but slowly getting better  thank god to <propfemale>, green, and white teas!"
"i feel sooo stupid! as a university of phoenix psych  student, i plan on transferring to chico state university to begin their marriage family therapy program in fall 2012, since the latter is closer to willows  i was so worried about being able to transfer there, but just found out from one of their psych  professors that everything should be okay after all, since they accept uop degrees--and since my gpa is strong "
"well   let's see here   i get my bs in psych  in may 2012, and then hopefully begin fall semester at csu, chico to embark their master's degree program in marriage family therapy  after a week of fretting over transportation, and transferability of my university of phoenix credits to csu, i finally feel much better after finding out from a counselor that all of the above will be possible  thank god!"
