e06732df8c67f07beaf86786858e9deb
is going to read my then go to bed   hopefully addison doesn't wake up at 2 smile 0am asking if she can have pancakes like last night 
just got home from a day of shopping   now its time to make lasagna  smile 
had an awesome day today from start to finish   i just put addison to bed after reading curious <propfirst>   now it's time to finish baking my cookies 
just got home from an awesome day   i had an amazing time with some one special and now its time to pack for p a   and i have decided that something is seriously wrong with my parents   they book a flight that leaves at like 7:15 am   omg!!!!!!!!!!!  that means we have to leave the house at 5am   i have a @ year old!!!  and she is not a morning person   wish me luck 
ok so <propfemale>'s post from yesterday inspired me to go through addison's closet and holy crap!!!  i seriously need to go shopping   so          today is shopping day!!!!hope i find some good sales 
had a bad day just want to go to bed and start over 
today was pedicure day!!!!!
supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!!!!!
at home taking care of my sick baby girl  sad 
addison + pharyngitis = a long night for mommy
"if you show addison a picture of me when i was her age, she says it's her and get very upset if you try to convince her otherwise "
goodmorning fb!!!!!!!  about to get on a plane headin for <propfemale>!  i can't wait to see my ryry!!!!!
"driving down my favorite road       forty foot rd in hatfield, <propfemale>"
is watching old school cartoons with addison  as a kid i never realized how violent the cartoons were  they're constantly trying to kill eachother  but they are still awesome!!!
heading out to aquatica to treat a bridge  you've gotta take the bad with the good i guess   smile 
i would just like to announce       i am still alive!!!!
"today i had to ride on the sky tower at seaworld  at first you might think 'yeah     so what'  but i did not say i had to ride in the sky tower, i said on the sky tower   as in standing top!! and if thats not crazy enough, once it got to the top, i had to climb up a ladder another 15ft to get into the engine housing!!\oh, and in case you're wondering       no there were no harnesses "
off to work for the second time today 
is watching 'hey <propmale>' and 'rockos modern life' with addison 
addison: \papa," come on let's go!\""\"e06732df8c67f07beaf86786858e9deb,"pedicure time!!!!   addison looked at her toes and said \mommy i need another pedicure\""  no     she's not spoiled at all  smile """
going fishing  just me and the little one   smile 
i am now leaving the ghetto  literally  on our little adventure we saw several disturbing things  among them was a barber shop called g-spot barber  then we witnessed a drug bust and one of the officers was wearing a ski mask  but       we made it out alive!!!
"just had a <propmale> \strayer moment\""  laugh """
ok      bad mom of the day  addison just washed her hands with nail polish!!!
today is a going to be a good day  i am in an exceptionally good mood today!!!!
"i'm laying down with addison  she turns over, kisses my cheek and says \mommy you don't have to be scared  i'm right here next to you and i love you\""  love """
omg        my allergies are going to be the death of me!!!!
had a picnic in the living room with addison during our movie night  just me and her  i love her!!!  love 
with my baby girl at the nail salon  gettin manicures and pedicures      i love mommy daughter time 
was pleasantly surprised  smile 
"random thought of the day: \\ how many men actually use the hole on the front of there underwear?  out of all the men i surveyed today, i found zero  so really what is the purpose?  i think if a guy was to use the hole, it would be to difficult to maneuver around the openings and take to long  in the end he'd end up peeing all over himself "
woo hoo!!!!  catchin rats!!!  it's gonna be a good day  smile 
me:         \(sigh    )  man addison, i'm pooped  \e06732df8c67f07beaf86786858e9deb,"ok      before anyone see her and freaks out on me, i'm letting everyone know  \\i just gave addison a hair cut"
"after work today i collected acorns and chased squirrels  just me and my best friend  \i love my little girl  smile "
"just saw two guys sitting on the tailgate of a pickup drinking their beers  now the only reason that this struck me as odd, was that were going about 50 mph down sr 436 "
"today i couldn't find my keys   i looked all morning and never found them   i finally went to the office and got the spare  it set my day back 6 hrs \ i just got home and they are sitting in plain view on my coffee table  even if we don't know it, there's always a reason things like this happen  \so, i just thank god for whatever danger he kept me from this morning "
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
forty foot rd!!!!!!
bored              annoyed 
just got home from my grandparents house  my grandfather taught me some strategies in dominos  i am now a true puerto rican!
blueberry
68 days til cancun!!!!
"i love falling asleep to the sound of the gators bellowing outside my window  although it's a scary that it's so close, it's kinda soothing "
"you and i wake up and i psych <propmale> together  using 4 words, what's the first thing you say to me?"
i've lost 23 lbs!!  went through my closet and got rid of all my fat clothes  so      i'll be walking around naked for the next few day  smile 
at wicked!!!!!!
had an awesome night  smile 
52 days!!!!!!
at <propmale> <propmale> hospital  fun times 
workin         servicing the planes tonight 
is wearing shorts above the knee for the first time in over 5 year  i feel so naked  indecision  lol
