f69baa7589fb6221c16c3b052961238d
"in 2010 make all your dreams come true, there is no big secret, it is all up to you  happy new year to all those i know, those i will meet this year, and those i won't   love "
wow!!
tomorrows monday greatful to have a job! not excited to get up!
i wish i would have learnt to spell in school
"going to work now, glad to have an income "
live with purpose!
it's friday
good day for a nap!
man it is hot!
go night neverland   
"breathe deep the gathering gloom, watch lights fade from every room    bedsitter people look back and lament, another day's useless energy spent   impassioned lovers wrestle as one, lonely man cries for love and has none   cold hearted orb rules the night"
letting water out of the pool to get ready to move 
time to go create more abundance 
i love you <propfemale>   see you later tonight when i get home 
lights out!!
"mostly moved into the new house, found computer and up and running again "
moving is a great weight lose program 
almost the weekend
i wish all of you out there in fb land all of the best 
"slept till 11 surprise 0 today, time off what to do, what to do?"
well it is time to go see the sandman   good night 
another day an other dollar 
"home at last from work, where is the bed?"
"i'm tired now, i think i'll go home "
a good restful sunday
everything is beautiful 
god works in mysterious ways 
"i wish that i had a job   but in today's world i have two, and i am grateful for that "
happy birthday to my little wife 
going to watch am movie with the boys at home 
i love slow sundays
i am so grateful for the abundant week that i am having this week 
it's all about choices 
"it's all about choices, choose what works for you "
i choose to go to bed now and have a great nights sleep 
"money just keeps finding it's way to me   thank you, thank you, thank you "
ya!  byu!!!!!
<propfemale> my daughter had a baby boy yesterday   way to go kole (son-in-law)
nothing to say!!
i really like my new blackberry storm   i get fb updates all day long 
bed time now!!
"don't get to close, i am sick "
ya byu
i am looking for a job if you know of something let me know 
all work and no fb makes <propmale> a dull boy 
had everyone over for dinner   i was noisy buy fun 
good time to go to bed now 
new picture because someone who loves me ask for it   this was a long time ago 
good hot bath this morning   
"just got home from getting the last thing, including a pizza for tonight   hopefully home for the night now   <propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a good night "
avatar the is the best movie i have ever seen   we went as a family  hope everyone else had a great day 
my little wife is amazing!!! make chex mix be on fb and put up with me   i love you 
wishing everyone a better new year in 2011!!
look out world here i come     
just got back from the gym   went with my best friend  good work out 
"the day is over it has come to an end, it is time to say good night to all of my friends "
turn out the lights my friends and listen to the night   listen till the morning sings and with it a new day sends 
"you know, you know, it's off to work i go   it sucks it's bad, but it's not the worst job i've ever had "
"fixed <propfemale>'s car brakes   it is not easy in the cold, but now it is done and it is time for fun "
court is always fun!!
has anyone see the tv remote   
starting day 2 of the clease   219 2 lbs  that's down more than 3 1 2 lbs  been to the gym this morning and worked out for 40 <propfemale> 
"day 3 been to the gym   down 3 5 lbs more today, new weight 216 4 lbs "
if i could stand beside myself would i see me or maybe someone else 
i need to go see my grand kids 
"good workout at the gym, can't more my arms now "
sending love and joy to all on valentines day!!
"good day, good family, good kids, good wife, good life, good dinner, good night!!"
"down syndrome is not an  illness because people with down syndrome do not need medication to make  them \better\""  what they need is the right to be accepted by society  the same as everyone else    93% of my friends will not copy this     will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status?        and le   ave it       for at least one hour"""
"ok so i have been around for awhile, and it seems that the longer i am here the less i know "
"thanks to all for the birthday wishes   it was a great day thanks to my wonderful wife, who i am very grateful for "
"if someone makes you feel bad and that was not  their intention, who made you feel bad?  them or yourself   only you have the power to make yourself feel a certain way "
to all my farmville friends   i am going to quit farming and get back to real life  i wish you all well 
"so i sprank ahead this morning, now i'm ready to fall back into bed   good night "
"for dinner it was, in a <propmale>, green!!  asparagus, spinich tortellini, toasted french bread with green garlic butter, lime coolaid, and green cupcakes   thanks for the dinner and a life time of being with you, to my little wife <propfemale> "
"happy easter to all   let peace fill your day, and this world  amen "
"had all the kids over for bbq today, it was great   i love you all, look forward to doing it again "
"i tired, going to bed "
apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today   - <propfirst> twain
"i like food and i can not lie, all you other brothers can't  deny "
"eating why to much today, but it is ok   i weighed in for the end of the golds gym 12 week challenge   lost 20 lbs and 4% body fat in that time  went from a 44 waist to a 40   so i get to eat what i want and restart tomorrow "
what a great day 
is thinking about running through the house with scissors    smile 
"great day with the family, we went for a ride to park city and just had a lot of fun together "
saving the world one banana at a time 
really loooong day 
"the question is, what's on your mind?  i would have to have one for something to be on it "
how you can see me?
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united\ states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands: one \nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  repost\ if you think our country and our flag deserve respect! let's see \how many <propfemale>ns will repost? thank you troops!"
got snow?
"no katonka, ( thats buffalo for those who don't speak indian) "
grand kids are the greatest 
bbq + favorit shirt = <propfemale> does this come out or does it look ok anyway?
"happy anniversary to my little wife, can't imagine what my life would be like without you  thanks for putting up with me for 28 years  i love you!!"
"happy fathers day to my dad, you are a great example "
"what to write, what to write     i got nothin' "
"ok, ok i'm getting up "
your not the boss of me!!
food is good
"i am married to the most amazing woman in the world, in some many ways "
you are my favorite person in the world 
no words   my oldest son <propmale> was killed to day in a 4 wheeler accident hunting   i love you <propmale> and will miss you 
thanks to everyone for your love and support over this past day   it has been a ruff one   stay close to those you love 
"services for my son <propmale> price are thursday and friday  thursday the 9th a viewing from 6pm to 8pm, at oplin mortuary 494 south 300 east pleasant grove utah   the life graduation will be on friday the 10th at the orem northridge stake center 1674 north 200 west, orem utah   viewing at 10 am   ceremony starting at 11 am  thank you everyone for you love and support  if you have any questions feel free to contact me "
"services for my son \<propmale> price are thursday & friday  viewing thursday from 6pm\ to 8pm, at oplin mortuary 494 south 300 east pleasant grove utah   the \life graduation will be on friday the 10th at the orem northridge stake \center 1674 north 200 west, orem utah   viewing at 10 am   ceremony \starting at 11 am  thank you everyone for you love and support  if you \have any questions feel free to contact me "
"un-apologeticamerican annoyed  \i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to\",f69baa7589fb6221c16c3b05296123 laugh ,starting a new week   last week was one long day 
i love all of you
i am missing <propmale> tonight   i would have loved to have one of our late night talks 
"time to go to work, bummed "
"is looking forward to spending the weekend with best friend in the world, <propfemale> "
out for the weekend with my <propfemale>   you all take care see you next week 
"why am i up so late, i am tired?"
go fish!
i can't believe that it has been 2 months ago today that <propmale> left  sometimes it feels like a lifetime ago and others like yesterday   i love you son 
"as i look at my life today, i ask just one question   \where's the beef!!\"""""
"in case anyone wants to know, i am   "
hey! i'm creating here 
"thankful for turkeys, everyone have a great day "
"turkey, grand kids, nap (2hours), pie   now going to sit down and watch a movie, prefect day "
go go go byu!!!!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, december 6, there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for a campaign against violence on children  pass it on   "
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life!!"
"peace on earth, good will to all men kind "
last day i have to work this week   yes!
"children today, so impatient   can't even wait for they day the should be born   welcome to the world hallee newest grand daughter born today at 3:14, six weeks early but doing fine   way to go baby momma mckenna, i love you both "
crap! can't find the pixie dust and i have forgotten how to fly 
the fastest way for me to get to a new-and-improved situation is to be at peace with my current situation 
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal        olny 55% of plepoe can! i was one of the 55 that could do it!"
"so i'm listening to music today and now i have a question   \who did let the dogs out?\"""""
"i like the night life, i like to boogie "
does this thing work
"best sunday nap in a long time, took it with the newest grand-daughter "
"if you love me, comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend, like this status \if you have ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you hate me, message me and tell me why \if your not scared, post this as your status"
life is the journey not the destination 
"i am wishing that i could be home with the ones i love, but i am at work because i love them "
"if you can't control yourself you don't try to control me   this may help   learn to control your <propfemale> to control me, then well will get along just fine "
"thank you for all the birthday wishes, i felt very loved "
who are you?
be who you is>>>
"12 hrs at work today long, long, long day "
"what a world, what a world "
"welcome to the first day of spring, be sure and wear your coat it's cool out there "
"what is love?  tell me what you think love is, not romantic love, real love "
