f7b8d40841bb4cdfd2c65f5f94e95466
waking up 3 hours late for school is cool  sad 
finished creative writing with 2 hours left  laugh 
does today seem really long to anyone else?
we left all our backpacks in the back of lukes truck in the rain  fml
a little rainy  practice was great  just what i needed  smile 
7 hours until weekend  laugh 
weekend is getting closer  laugh 
tonights going to be greatttt
i want the summer here
can't wait for june 10th!
couldnt be happier
spending the whole day with my girl  smile 
tonights going to be another great one  laugh 
hate when you know shits going to hit the fan before it happens
going to be a sick week  smile 
it's really fucked up how some people treat little kids these days  
going to be a longgg day 
sleeeeep 
waking up  knowing you don't have to go to school  best feeling ever 
watching avatar with the family tonight
red hot and boom   smile 
i hate <propmale> lesnar 
blowing up stuff tonight   laugh 
what's there to do today?
waking up early sucks 
bored
visiting the hospital today 
long day today  
gym  hospital  then who knows?
great day  laugh 
senior pics then job interview  smile 
saturday morning tv just isn't what it used to be  lol
when did falling asleep start getting so hard 
plans didn't work  what to dooo
going fishing soon  laugh 
ren n stimpy  yess   laugh 
does anyone know when we start school again?
"grown ups is great  gym later, volunteer work, then maybe going fishing tonight   laugh "
whats there to do today?
beach with the group to get tan!  smile 
gym 
cleaning is so boring 
you just love turning the day around 
sleep!
gauging my ears  laugh 
going mudding later 
babysitting -_-
"i swear when kids get markers a sign points at me saying \draw here\"""""
haha i haven't been grounded in years  watching tv  text me
great whites are beast
"if anyone gets bored, there's a meteor shower after 2 tonight"
hanging out with <propfemale>
going to see bri with <propfirst>  smile 
waking up early again isn't going to be fun 
time to buy school clothes and cut off my hair  laugh 
last day of summer tomorrow  make it count!
 laugh  <propfirst>'s run! <propfemale> tired   
4 alarm clocks and my phone set  hope this works!
tomorrow is like the first day of school again 
these classes are so damn long 
is tomorrow like a normal school day?
a7x is here in a month   laugh  who's going?
5 schedule changes in 2 days  awesome!   
blue day > silver day
so much lightning
freshmen friday > laugh 
today is just great  smile 
putting up a new gate  ugh  got a new boat  laugh 
back to the grind 
today is wayyyy slow
next friday  ucf arena  so ready  laugh 
anyone want to chill tonight? text me
playing n64  playful 
new phone  laugh  lost most of my <propfirst>  text me so i get them back 4074860323
why do people go out of their way to annoy you - -
open house was alright  girlfriend's house  smile 
frustrated
 surprise 
gummy bears are great   laugh 
amazing girlfriend  amazing day  life is good  laugh 
i'm sick of paint  - -
waking up at 6 tomorrow  beach house all weekend
anyone know the homework mr  wolter gave us today?
thanks for all the happy bdays  playful 
lame
rip <propfirst> seitz  you were a damn good friend and changed all of us 
fire rescue class for 5 hours x x
come to sonnys tonight by redbug to eat from 5-8 and support the lake howell wrestling team  thanksss laugh 
chorus concert at lake howell
willow smile 
can finally start going to practice tomorrow  smile  gonna be a good season
so not tired
nananananana
people are way too lazy 
