a65418f45c248b0ae07a3d7761a7abad
el mag w  krish!  smile 
brewskeez then casino?
is lovin the new <propmale> album!
"spent $110 on two <propmale> tickets    man, i hope it's worth it!"
wants to go swimming!!
"driven by greed, ingorant of their connectedness to the whole universe; humans persist in behavior that, if continued unchecked, can only result in their own destruction!"
can't wait to see baby <propmale>!!  smile 
wishes closed minds came with closed mouths!
is in desperate need of a state board <propfemale>    anyone?!
needs to stop being afraid of failure & move on & grow up!
is the fray w  <propfemale>!!  smile 
let freedom ring!
"people tell you who they are all the time, you just have to listen!"
"who still needs a 311 ticket?! 6 tickets for $19 each, but if you just buy one it's $34!!"
"is music, friends, & ganj  311!"
all of us are addicted to something that takes the pain away 
"going to state beauty, then putting some lowlights in my mom's hair!"
"don't let the world bring you down, not everyone here is that fucked up & cold!"
my phone is broken    sweet!
going swimmin @ <propfirst>'s!  smile 
the unexamined life is not worth living! -socrates
wanted to save the world before it became a fashion statement 
"the sun is up  the sky is blue  it's beautiful, and so are you!"
you make me happy! you magnify my better half!
swimmin time 
workin  trh 
is now in a relationship with <propfirst> <propmale>!
i just did my make up and now it's gone    damn you extreme home makeover!
"going to state, then doin <propfemale>'s hair!"
hmm    now what to do?
? incubus ?
incubus was beyond amazing! ? even more in love now!
sittin at my house w  <propfemale> 
anyone at trh want my shift tonight?!
<propfemale> on my wayward son! there'll be peace when you are done!
where'd all the good music go?
work @ 3:45 
knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom  mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power  –lao tzu
happy birthday <propfemale>! xoxo
nature does nothing uselessly  in all things of nature there is something of the marvelous  -aristotle
wishin it was <propfemale> so i could swim!!
you don't have a soul  you are a soul  you have a body 
"you've got to trust your instinct, and let go of regret! you've got to bet on yourself now <propfemale>, because thats your best bet!"
"i pray every single day for a revolution! and so i cry sometimes when i'm lying in bed, just to get it all out, what's in my head! and i am feeling a little peculiar! and so i wake in the morning and i step outside and i take a deep breath and i get real high and i scream at the top of my lungs, \what's going on?!\"""""
"do you know what it is to feel the light of love inside you, and all the darkness falls away?"
has a bellyache  off to <propfemale>'s for a little r&r 
off today! hope i can make it productive!
abstinence makes the church grow fondlers 
"the world is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion  –thomas paine"
"take it easy, take it easy! don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy! lighten up while you still can, don't even try to understand! just find a place to make your stand, and take it easy!"
oh what a night     haha  workin @ 3:45!
"had an awful dream that the world was ending, volcanoes were e playful loding, and everyone was running for their lives  scary "
"if you're tired of the same old story, turn the pages!"
como w  <propfemale>!! whoo hoo!!
workin @ roadhouse! pointfest would be much better   
done with work    wonderin what to do today?
"i like most liquor, but i don't like gin  i don't always like the skin i'm in  when i get it wrong i gotta start again! ? dmb"
mizzou bound!
yet another night at trh 
"i would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving he can outwit nature, and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority! ? –e b  white"
reeeaallyy wants to go to the card's game tonight!
"workin  don't wanna do it, but gonna try to make it positive!  smile "
"i ain't waitin on the world to change, i'm gonna change the world for you! ?"
"i'm broke, but i'm happy! i'm poor, but i'm kind! i'm short, but i'm healthy   yeah! i'm high, but i'm grounded! i'm sane, but i'm overwhelmed! i'm lost, but i'm hopeful baby!"
"needs to start taking things one step at a time, and stop gettin overwhelmed by the big picture "
texas roadhouse 
hangin w  my love alll niight!! ?
workin @ 5  just tryin to make a livin' 
"did you write the book of love? and do you have faith in god above, if the bible tells you so? do you believe in rock 'n roll? can music save your mortal soul? and can you teach me how to dance real slow?"
there is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered  –nelson mandela
going to the card's game tonight!!  smile 
the universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it  –marcus aurelius antoninus
it's us against the world  i ? you <propfemale>!
surprised to say i sorta miss cosmo school 
"one thing i can tell you is you've got to be free! come together, right now!"
"i like most liquor, but i don't like gin  i don't always like the skin i'm in, but when i get it wrong i gotta start again! ? dmb"
"i believe in god, only i spell it nature "
"is in need of a stiff drink, and a fat bowl!"
"if i lay here, if i just lay here    would you lie with me and just forget the world?"
"the sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent upon it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do  –galileo"
all paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind  –aristotle
what if god was one of us? just a slob like one of us?
"we know what we are, but know not what we may be! -<propfirst> shakespeare"
"guys softball, then cards baseball!  smile "
"everyone smiles as you drift past the flowers, that grow so incredibly high  newspaper taxis appear on the shore, waiting to take you away  climb in the back with your head in the clouds, and you're gone! ?"
happy 21st birthday to my best friends <propfirst> hodak & <propfemale> radtke! risky4life!
applebee's!
"if i hadn't made me, i would have been made somehow! if i hadn't assembled myself, i'd have fallen apart by now!"
"when you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and <propfemale> on!"
what a beautiful day!  smile 
is 21! weird 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
couldn't have had a better weekend!  smile 
lack of sleep and an all alcohol diet has finally caught up to me  i feel like crap 
"(214): in an effort to go green, i just used rainwater to fill my <propfemale> "
i don't do halloween 
<propmale> time!
"seriously someone from trh plleeaasssee work for me tonight! family emergency, i will work for you any day this week!! p s  if none of you do it, i will hate you all forever "
is working  awesome 
"heeyy! what would it mean to you? to know that it'll come back around again? heeyy! whatever it means to you, know that everything moves in circles! round and round we go, who could've known it's end so well? we fall on, we fall off  existential carousel! ?"
cause i'm as free as a bird now  and this bird you cannot change!
is home  boo  i loved this weekend!!
listening to my new beatles remastered box set!  smile 
"give me the beat boys, and free my soul! i wanna get lost in your rock n' roll, and drift awayy!"
texas roadhouse!
texas roadhouse will be my new home till tuesday  yikes 
we haven't had that spirit here since 1969! ?
tuesday-boozeday  i'm ready for a drank!  smile 
"the world is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion  –thomas paine"
is questioning everything!
got alot on my mind    
trying to find a balance between being rational and following my heart 
"if i'm just bad news, then you're a liar!"
"if you get a <propmale>, take it! if it changes your life, let it!"
"and when the night is cloudy, there is still a light that shines on me, shine until tomorrow, let it be! i wake up to the sound of music, mother <propfirst> comes to me speaking words of wisdom, let it be! ?"
well     ain't got shit to do  guess i'm gonna pick up a shift 
last night was ridiculous  and i loved every second of it    from what i can remember!  smile 
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment  –ralph <propmale> <propmale>
"take me away! take me far away from here, i will run with you!"
take it easy  take it easy  don't let the sound of your own wheels drive ya crazy 
what else should i be? all apologies! ? nirvana
"is so ready for christmas to just be over! yep, i'm a scrooge and i don't care! bring on new year's <propfemale>!!"
gettin ready for dinner @ <propfemale>'s <propfirst> w  <propfemale>!
"workin @ trh     grrrrr, but then ameristar!! whoo-hoo!  smile "
"to work, or not to work? hmmm      "
happy girls are the prettiest  –audrey hepburn
"damn i should't start that talk, but life is one big question when you're staring at the clock, and the answer's always waitin at the liquor store, 40 ounces to freedom, so i take that walk!"
ugghhh    texas roadhouse it is  so not wanting to work tonight!
mizzou bound!!  smile 
successful trip to mizzou! now partyin @ lumiere tonight!
nap time 
let's go vikings!!!  smile 
i'll be here a while  ain't going nowhere 
ahhhh it feels so good to finally get on facebook again  oh how i've missed you!
things come and go  seasons change  people grow 
i believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars  -walt whitman
"you are the antidote that gets me by, something strong, like a drug that gets me high!"
another day in paradise     <propfemale> haw! i love trh!
texas roadhouse    again  then babylon  all you can drink for $5!! shit's gonna get crazzzyy!
ladies drink free on wed  @ babylon  our <propmale>= $70  successful night!
"decisions, decisions, oh how i hate you "
it's official  goin to mizzou tonight!  smile 
loved the fzs reunion last night!
imagination is the best way to say fuck you to reality!
is currently phoneless  i'm not ignoring you!
to work or not to work?!
is pickin up a shift tonight!
"the sun is up, the sky is blue  it's beautiful, and so are you!"
"screw you, responsibility  i do not want to have you anymore "
i wanna go to the loop!
"black bird singing in the dead of night, take these sunken eyes and learn to see! all your life, you were only waiting for this moment to be free!"
attention fellow roadies:: i'm pickin up a shift tonight  lemme know if you want off!
technological change is like an axe in the hands of a  pathological criminal! -<propfirst> einstein
el maguey 
bbq w  the old crew!  smile 
i have a phone again!
"it's so much better when everyone is in, are you in?"
"it's no surprise to me, i am my own worst enemy "
"and i'll take you for who you are, if you take me for everything!"
happy birthday <propfemale> gibson!! xoxo
"the sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent upon it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do  -galileo"
is texas roadhouse  sweet 
gimme the beat boys and free my soul! i wanna get lost in your rock 'n' roll and drift away!
is spending my easter at texas roadhouse 
"i've paid my dues  time after time  i've done my sentence, but committed no crime  and bad mistakes, i've made a few  i've had my share of sand kicked in my face, but i've come throughhh!"
"to work, or not to work?! i hate making decisions!"
where did i go wrong?
is off to texas roadhouse for the evening 
gets to spend my night at texas roadhouse  workin watching the game  go cardinals!
is forever young!
is going to columbia w  <propfemale>!
"<propfemale>'s makin us breakfast  then back to o'fallon, and back to roadhouse it is "
"you say you want a revolution, well ya know, we all wanna change the world! you tell me that it's evolution, well ya know, we all wanna change the world! but when you talk about destruction, don't ya know that you can count me out! don't ya know it's gonna be all right  yeah it's gonna be all right!"
project runway marathon!
happy earth day!  smile 
you do not have a soul  you are a soul  you have a body 
"are you gonna stand around til 2012 a d? what are you waiting for, a certain shade of green? i think i grew a gray watching you procrastinate!"
can't sleep     too much on my mind    grrrrrr!!!
working at roadhouse again tonight  go cards!
guys softball game!
"the stars will cry, the blackest tears tonight! and this is the moment that i live for, i can smell the ocean air! here i am, pouring my heart onto these rooftops, just a ghost to the world! that's exactly, exactly what i need    "
is so excited to get out here for the weekend!! chicago here we come!!
back from chicago  back to reality  ugggghhhh      
"i believe in god, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky  i believe that what people call god is something in all of us  i believe that what jesus and <propmale> and buddha, and all the rest said was right  it's just that the translations have gone wrong  -<propfirst> lennon"
"you've got to trust your instinct, and let go of regret! you've got to bet on yourself now <propfemale>, cause that's your best bet!"
worst  day  ever 
"they say time changes things, but actually you have to change them yourself  -<propmale> warhol"
boredom+scissors=straight across bangs!
is texas roadhouse  yeee-hawww! not 
lunch with <propfemale>!  smile 
"? there must be some kind of way out of here, said the joker to the thief  there's too much confusion  i can't get no relief  ?"
going downtown tonight! whoo-hoo!! happy 21st birthday <propfirst>!!  smile 
"i'm broke, but i'm happy! i'm poor, but i'm kind! i'm short, but i'm healthy, yeahh! i'm sane, but i'm overwhelmed! i'm lost, but i'm hopefully baby!"
"dear god, make me a bird, so i can fly far, far, far away from here!"
is so jealous of all these bbq's people are attending  i'll be at roadhouse  sweet
not looking forward to working again tonight  hopefully it'll go by fast    yeah right!
the only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it! -<propfirst> wilde
"? i like most liquor, but i don't like gin! i don't always like the skin i'm in, but when i get it wrong i gotta start again! ? -dmb"
sometimes the hardest thing & the right thing are the same!
the problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you're finished  -<propmale> <propmale>
is going to the lake of the ozark's till tuesday! seee yaa!  smile 
"well, gotta get a new phone    ugggghhh!"
<propmale> matthews band   ?
3 days at the ozarks + <propmale> matthews = broke  back on the grind  workin at roadhouse tonight!
"? picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies  somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly, a girl with kaleidoscope eyes  cellophane flowers of yellow and green, towering over your head  look for the girl with the sun in her eyes, and she's gone! ?"
"when i hear music, i fear no danger  i am invulnerable  i see no foe  i am related to the earliest times, and to the latest  -<propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau"
why in the world am i awake right now?! uggghhhh!
"call me a relic, call me what you will! say i'm old fashioned, say i'm over the hill! today's music ain't got the same soul! i like that old time rock 'n roll!"
happy 21st birthday <propmale> heslin & <propfirst> horton! ameristar tonight!  smile 
"today seems like a good day, to burn a bridge or two  the one with old wood creaking, that would burn away right on cue! 311! whoo- hoo!!"
workin @ texas roadhouse tonight     shoot me 
is running some errands with <propfemale>!
"be wise enough not to be reckless, but brave enough to take great risks!"
main street tonight!  smile 
hmmmm      what to do tonight?
is workin @ roadhouse tonight!
i love <propfemale>
massa's is the place to be apparently 
"there's battle lines being drawn! nobody's right if everybody's wrong! young people speakin their minds, getting so much resistance from behind! i think it's time we stop, hey what's that sound? everybody look what's goin down!"
"attention texas roadhouse fans: <propfemale> salyer & i will be providing you with any all of your <propfemale> out needs this evening! so skip the wait, and pick it up togo! but remember, tips are required! thanks!  smile "
el maguey w  <propfemale>!
"i'm addicted to sunflower seeds  thank you, summer & baseball "
"we are drowning in information, yet starved for knowledge "
guys softball tonight! go balls deep!  smile 
workin @ roadhouse tonight!
"attention roadhouse o'fallon employees: if someone wants to take my shift tonight, i'd greatly apprectiate it! i can pick up wed  and or thurs  for youuu! thankss!  smile "
"soooo excited for tonight's events! happy 21st birthday @ midnight <propfemale>! ahhhh, my boyfriend can finally come out with me!  smile "
? can music save your mortal soul? ?
has not been to a cardinal's game all year! what the hell?! someone take meee!  smile 
bread co  for lunch w  <propfirst>! then a bit of errand-running!
party bus tonight! happy birthday a-kron!
oh what a night     ha 
"maybe hittin up the loop today! i should be working, but screw it  i have my whole life to work!"
"closing down roadhouse tonight  should be interesting    p s  if you have lots of money, come sit in my section!  smile "
yeaahh cards! fuck you reds!
the secret to remaining young is to never have an emotion that is unbecoming  -<propfirst> wilde
"just bought a loofah made from 100% recycled plastic! who knew?! i love you, target!!  smile "
out to main tonight for <propmale>'s 21st!
"the more i think it over, the more i feel that there is nothing more truely artistic than to love people  -<propmale> <propfirst> gough"
is watching coneheads! hahaha  i've missed this movie!
"texas roadhouse is doing a fundraisier tonight for backstoppers! [an organization designed to help families of police fireman who lost their lives serving us!] 10% of our sales goes to them! $1 draft beers, and $2 margaritas! come get your drink on for a good cause!"
heading to springfield today to move <propfemale> into his apartment    i hate this sooo much       annoyed 
back in o'fallon   
el maguey  friends  softball  beer 
"crying for 3 hours straight  thanks again, extreme home makeover marathon "
"live a good life  if there are gods and they are just, then they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by  if there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them  if there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a <propmale> life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones  i am not afraid  -<propmale> aurelius"
boorrreeddd 
"a dreamer dreams, she never dies!"
you do not have a soul  you are a soul  you have a body  -c s  <propfirst>
working @ texas roadhouse tonight      blaaahhh 
car's broken down     again  what a great weekend to be car-less  sweet 
and he's gone again     back to reality 
"reallys needs to do something with my life  cosmetology or back to school  either way, i just need to go for it!"
"annoyed and lonely  gonna try to turn my mood around with some errands, and a little retail therapy "
softball!  smile 
"you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one! i hope some day you'll join us, and the world will live as one!"
vikings > saints
closing down roadhouse tonight!
our lack of compassion stems from our inability to see deeply into the nature of things  -lama surya das
you're in the arms of an angel  may you find some comfort here 
love is all you need 
bones & the office season premiere tonight!  smile 
there's just somethin about going shopping that always makes a girl feel better! retail therapy for sure!
soooo excited to see <propfemale> in just a few hours!
i hate goodbyes 
"and any time you feel the pain, hey <propfirst>, refrain! don't <propfemale> the world upon your shoulders!"
it is the <propfirst> of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it  -aristotle
is in springfield for the night!  smile 
headin back to o'fallon      annoyed 
hopin to make some money at roadhouse tonight!
"so much to do, so little time! workin tonight, chi-town bound tomorrow!"
chicago zoo!
i love chicago!!
"absolutely goregous day in chicago! lunch, thrift store shopping, dinner drinks, and then out!  smile "
back from chicago  bored already   
youth has no age  -<propmale> picasso
closing texas roadhouse tonight with <propfemale> gibson !
"we all have something that digs at us, at least we dig each other! so when weakness turns my ego up, i know you'll count on the me from yesterday!  ?"
yeahh vikings!  smile 
"? we all grow old! and before you swim, you gotta be okay to sink! ?"
"hmmmm      to stay, or not to stay in springfield tonight?!"
sad to leave <propfemale>    but excited about <propfemale>'s bridal shower!
happy birthday <propfirst> meyer !  smile 
and we keep on waiting     waiting    waiting on the world to change!
random trip to columbia? okay!  smile 
halloween=overrated 
"i might be laughin a bit too loud, but that never hurt no one!"
anyone from texas roadhouse that wants off work tonight?
"if we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change  -buddha"
party bus to the wineries!  smile 
same shit  different day  murrrr 
is in springfield with my love!  smile 
"left my make-up in springfield, still have nothin to wear for the wedding tomorrow, going to pick up a shift  ugghhh "
congratulations <propfemale> <propfemale> ! soon to be mrs  mathews! it's wedding and celebration time!
exhausted  lazy sunday 
"if i hadn't made me, i'd be more inclined to bow! the powers that be would have swallowed me up, but that's more than i can allow!"
you can't run from everything  and i'm beginning to wonder if you can truly run from anything 
lama surya das: our lack of compassion stems from our inability to see deeply into the nature of things 
"el maguey, hanging out, & <propmale> potter w  my love! perfect day! ?"
cleaning     then possibly pickin up a shift  any fellow roadhouse kids want off tonight?
annoyed 
i miss my brother 
"? sounds of laughter, shades of earth, are ringing through my open views, inciting and inviting me! limitless undying love, which shines around me like a million suns! it calls me on and on across the universe! ?"
"classic sunday night! football, family guy, & american dad at the condo!  smile "
is craving bread co 's cheddar broccoli soup!
and 30 years later you are still inspiring  rest in peace <propfirst> lennon 
"ugggghhhh  to work, or not to work?  annoyed "
you don't call retarded people retards  it's bad taste  you call your friends retards when they're acting retarded 
bored  then work  fun shit 
bad day   annoyed 
i get by with a little help from my friends!
is wanting to pick up a shift tonight! someone give me yours!  smile 
cannot even begin to e playful ress how excited i am to be reunited with my very best friends! brisky   smile 
<propmale>  over 
"bah humbug  yep, that's me  and i don't care "
"if love is a labor, i'll slave till the end "
is california dreamin!
"i'm broke, but i'm happy! i'm poor, but i'm kind! i'm short, but i'm healthy, yeahh! i'm high, but i'm grounded! i'm sane, but i'm overwhelmed! i'm lost, but i'm hopeful baby!"
headed to columbia!
really wants to go thrift store shopping 
"all mixed up  ya don't know what to do  next thing, you turn around and find that person is you "
"to work, or not to work today? hmmmm    ?"
going to lunch with my grandma for her 85th birthday!  smile 
workin at the roadhouse all day 
i refuse to be stuck in my house all day  being snowed in is not for add kids 
steelers 
really missing <propfemale>  and has no relible car to see him  this sucks to say the very least 
"$5 chicken bacon ranch, here i come!"
"the more i think it over, the more i realize there is nothing more truely artistic than to love people  -<propmale> <propfirst> gough"
<propfirst>'s day sucks  but you don't  i love you <propfemale> erickson!
springfield bound!  smile 
"had the best dream about <propfirst> gosling last night  ugh, why did i have to wake up? [no offense, kristian!]"
work! then going downtown for a much needed night out!
"so pardon me while i burst    into flames! i've had enough of the world, and its people's mindless games!"
attention fellow roadies: who would like to not work tonight? i'm pickin up!
risky reunites again    about damn time!
"go ahead, complain about the snow, idiots  at least we don't have a natural disaster on our hands, or is it that easy to forget about japan?"
"it all comes back to you you're gonna get what you deserve, try and test that you're bound to get served!"
car shopping isn't even close as exciting as it is stressful 
the sunfire is officially gone    i'm sure gonna miss it  what a good 6 years we had!
baseball & sunflower seeds    makes me a happy girl!
"to get back my youth i would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable  - <propfirst> wilde"
"the sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent upon it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do  -galileo galilei"
