dbd5947813004baad5b531ea55bd0478
is staying at the same place as <propfirst> lautner! but not stalking him  nope  never 
is home!
misses camp alreadyyy  sad 
is doing summer homework  wheee 
hi  my name is <propfirst>  and i work in a button factory  i've got a wife a dog and a family  one day my boss came up to me and said hi <propfirst>  are you busy? i said no  ^^stuck in my head  annoyed 
l'ecole me bouffe la vie!  (school is eating my life!)
"is discovering that despite much practice today, she's getting any better at throwing kleenexes into a trash can across the room hehe"
wants nutella!!
has to do homework   go away facebook!
is eating an  apple and nutellaaaaa!!!!
reading fanfics  love 
"has an essay due at midnight, so, obviously, i'm on facebook!"
is going through her 200 plus college emails  whee 
"if the bombs go off, the sun will still be shining, because i've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining  -owl city  love "
got a hand-me-down laptop!
"so i'm looking up the physics of slinkys for my science project and came across this: \slinkys loove to vibrate or swing against their axes and can have quite large oscillations - over two feet in amplitude\"" anyone think this sounds like a kind of personal ad?"""
anybody get their ap scores yet?  apparently some girl my sister knows got hers today 
cleaning up my facebook because a stalker mock trial day  
"pew pew i got your intestines, now you can't absorb nutrients! ¡rachel renken"
i just read the hunger games yesterday! i ended up not sleeping until i finished at 2am  it's so good!!!
"i was messing around with old emails and ended on my blog from sophomore year    reading it, you can just feel the angst  it's pretty bad "
"3 more days! nebraska, here i come!"
"so   my dorm room had a broken air conditioner   instead of getting it fixed, the maintenance people did something that made it smoke  now we're getting it replaced, but it was just pouring smoke and if we hadn't called them our dorm room would have caught fire!"
need guns rule
