51ca7c763ce54fe98ac81faf349f5f57
im off to vegas for a week! bye everybody!!lol
was having a good day     
went to the mall today and work tomorrow! yay  not
bored out my mind in st  <propfirst>  wishing dreams would come tru   
hates when he feels depressed and goes to bed at 7 and wakes up 2 hours later   
leaves for glbc monday!
hates when who used to be his best friends are now the people that disappoint him the most  
"hates when someone pities him, ignores him, and puts anybody first before them  and they say that they want to be good friends! true friends are hard to find these days   "
is having fun at camp!! and i dont get service so i cant text  ttyl
camp is awesome!! leaving for sonshine tomorrow!! gonna be a great weekend
thinks the past is what makes us who we are  we learn from the bad and continue the good  through god all things are possible   and through him anything can change  the past is who we used to be  now is who we are  and the future is who we will be  put everything behind u and move on   the world wont wait for u 
god can move you in ways unimaginable   you just need to move the wall in your heart seperating him from you
went roller blading for 4 <propmale> today! a little tiring and havent gone rollerblading since middle school   totally flew in the ditch lol
had lots of fun chillin with fam at the fair   took a walk with a <propfemale> and had a blast!!
is at home   bored and wishing he knew the truth    
you can do anything through god    trust in him and see where he takes you
"even though your heart is hidden within, it shows who you truly are  put god in your heart and let him show love through you, onto other people"
life is a dream if you put it all in gods hands  he'll open new doors for you and bring you joy  and put things in your life far greater than you've ever had before  
is gonna chill with conner tonight and go hit up the rutebega days  tomorrow after church maybe work in the yard at my gfs house  had a scrimmage today and didnt feel so hot in skill but defintely in temp!
going to scout mesabi east tonight! then face braham tomorrow and see my mom and sister  watch the game next to the best person ever!
had a day at work   wasnt too bad and almost didnt want to leave! i wish somebody wasnt in canada   i really want to talk   going to a rodeo tonight to!lots of fun
first day of school   already have hw
was that a dream or did that really happen??
"done with my paper for ebnets, and wishing <propfemale> would text me!lol  and super glad to get rid of this stupid thing on my arm   "
works from 12-9 today and 11-8 tomorrow    not much to do this weekend
another night of just watching the team play again  
got accepted at bemidji state  im set in track but not so sure in football   
first game back in football  im really sore for work today but we played well last night guys  good job
"best friends are hard to come by, hold on to them or you'll regret losing them"
another boring day of work    when do i get a day to just chill?
good job vball team! you played great
just got a free wendys card from the highschool heisman award! bomb
off to the stand after walmart!
not texting for at least a week! call if you want to talk
"prayer is one of the most powerful things we have, yet few ever use it  pray and you may not get what you asked for, but pray and you will get more than you'll ever need  peace with god  remember, he is not only our savior,but also our deliverer "
today sucked   hope tomorrow turns out better
can describe his life with two words right now  effervescent and torpor!
had a good night last night talking to one of my friends  they always can cheer me up smile 
today sucks   
got abused in a <propfirst> today!
just watched a utube vid and was amazed   
"when you believe in something not real, why do you still believe in it?"
i give up
interviews made me laugh more than i have i a long time today   never knew i was so funny
hmm best friends? could use some 
hmm   why did auburn win??
wants to leave for college
scholarships mostly done now time to relax and go to youth group  
"when you lose one close friend, you fall apart, when you lose two close friends, you wonder where do i even start?to fix it would take an act of heaven, so much for the great year of 2011  "
should i have moved to the cities with my mom a couple years ago? and gone to school there? i wonder how things would have been different  
tired from playing basketball for a couple hours after school and just want to relax smile 
loves having no hw!
didnt like the pine city play a whole lot last night  but had fun meeting new people and chillin with my pals 
"i miss you   but your too far away, and your so busy we barely talk sad "
break a leg at sections one act!!
no school this friday!!!!!
i wonder what tonight will bring?
sad day   nothing a flower and a balloon cant fix to cheer up a friend with <propfemale> smile 
have fun at school tomorrow without me!  smile 
"gone for the weekend and only hw is calculus   smile  \life is good  "
why so soon track? i hate running    
naps are my new best friend
absolutely nothing to do  
