e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34
my neck hurts
i like pie
is bored out of his freaking mind
"jesus, its hot!"
needs entertainment
is on facebook  laugh 
is no longer on facebook d:
i needs a new pic    d:
myyyyy belly is full
aslpode
has a retarded modem
"w00t, dont ask"
i can pronounce that 
nom nom nom
fml
has a full belly
asleep
"whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i feel drained, idk y"
has teh sudden urge to not fo to work
cant spell   
needs <propfemale> sneeze
"car sick, yay!"
is asleep     or at work      or both!!!!!  laugh 
my boobeh itches
"yay, inservice tomorrow! i love scrubbing mats and mopping teh floors of the pool bathrooms! yeah!"
asleep
inservice     at 10?  surprise 
has an aching belly
"has a cut on his arm, but do3esnt know where it came from  surprise "
let's write an ending to my tale 
i need to get out of the house more often   
when life gets hard      (insert motivational quote here)
"shit happens  but hey, mostly to me, so don't worry  ;p"
om nom nom! d:<
"urgh, i really dont want to go to work today"
"some one, entertain me?"
fascinating how much love normally affects a person   it's just like a drug   good thing im not into drugs 
you know      cuz i dont 
only one more full day b4 im outa here =[
needs freedom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!?
"what's on my mind, you ask? what's not on my mind?  playful "
pineapples!!!!!!!!!!!
   and the hardest part is waiting
i want     cookies
amaro bustamante destroyed my chat bar thingy!!!!!!!  blargh
back home and hungry
i have terrible luck when it comes to my cell phone    
just gots a new number so the old one is now obselete  the new one is 956-778-7317
feed me
there is quite absolutely nothing to do here at home   well anything interesting any way 
need     to finish     christmas shopping    
blah?
some one feed me
let's see how honest my fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
last minute christmas shopping! dx bleh
"hey, i just drove past a petsmart, lol"
but that which moves men moves other things as well 
"dun remember what my status was before, and im too lazy to go find out, so heres a new one! yay!"
ad astra per aspera 
ominominom!
"it's permanent, nothing is permanent  it's permanent "
"leave me alone, suggestions section!!!! t_t"
"sis is at school, mom is at work, dad is at grocery store, i am in bed  laugh "
yawn
"look it's <propmale> ?  this is <propmale>, copy paste him on  ? every update you see so he can   \\ take over facebook "
im hungry
couldnt find my sister today     then i reasized shes at school    
well so much for that
"nighty night, yall"
neeeeeds fooooooooood
i am slightly confused and not entirely sure why      hm   
"sometimes, i just have to wonder  "
"time shows us that all that ever mattered, all that ever mattered, leaves us in the cold if you ever believe this is what you need, it will spin around and shatter, throw you to the floor as it leaves us in the cold  - acceptance; in the cold"
it's been far too long  
sore and sleepy
"no class, friends doing homework, internet is ungodly slow, and my 360 is in amaro's room  arrrrrgghhhhhh"
"open up the sky, fall down like rain  we don't want blessings, we want you  open up the sky, fall down like fire  we don't want anything but you "
yay for having a song stuck in your head that you haven't heard in over 6 months! yay for <propmale> urban 
"hm     its raining still, looks like im not going to class this afternoon   "
man i really hate matlab right now 
om nom nom
i really need to do my homework more often 
yay for getting headphones and  being able to listen to music on my way to class  not yay for some one still having my headphones and forcing me to go to walmart to buy new ones > sad 
why do the instructors dislike it when i blow bubbles?
bleh
om nom nom nom
sometimes i wonder
full belly + direct sunlight = sleepy
don't play with knives kids  i just stabbed myself in the leg 
i am so not in the mood for this 
let's see  
"motivation, that's what i'm lackin "
what to do   
"finally i put all my songs on my phone, but they artist names didnt transfer! so i have a huge \unknown\"" folder  sad """
my tail bone huuurts
"urgh, hump day "
"yay, hair cut finally ^^"
i wonder what i'm gonna do tomorrow     any suggestions? o o
and here i thought that i wouldnt do anything today     curse you yard work!
it takes dedication to get this lazy 
"yay for jesus, he has saved me in more ways than one!"
"it's one o-clock, do you know where your children are?"
my mom just called me to ask why i had not made my bed     i was in the room over
"good bye, harlingen  i'll see ya in the summer "
im hungry
"gah, for some reason my phone wont send text messages"
"easter, yay "
i need a reason 
hedgehogs  almost motivational 
"\love is not something god does; it is who he is \"""""
"already eaten the poison, might as well like the plate "
"\    and felt compassion for them   \"" <propfirst> 14:14"""
finally gonna go home tomorrow  i can't wait to see my family and friends again 
"looking back, i think, \where did what go wrong?\"""""
"its great being home and all, but i need soemthing to do with my time when no one is home   "
"remember that time, when i had nothing to do and wish i could find entertainment? yeah, i take it back  busy, busy, busy   "
"maybe it's just me, but if you sister and her friend came into you room, unnanounced, and got after you for not wearing a shirt, when the only thing you see on them is their shirts, it just doesnt seem right \oh wait, correction, not their shirts, my shirts   "
need a job  
hm   
"ahhhh, its <propfemale> at the beach     sorry mr  umbrela, you are out of work today "
needs mah hair cut t t
its teh foot of doooooooooooooooooooom  smile 
and so it has begun 
o o whats this? could this be     nastalgia?  surprise 
yard work is so much easier when you are half asleep 
-hic- urgh   
feels like something's missing 
summer sucks 
"damn, i'm patient     i need to fix that "
om nom nom
nom?
why does my internet hate me?
asplode 
once again i am reminded why i dislike seafood 
sleepeh  
oh look at that    
"i have that old doo wop song, earth angel by the penguins, stuck in my head   "
o o
i need a sandwich   
cadaverific 
"can't wait to go to kingsville tomorrow! but before i leave at 7 in the morning, mom wants me to sweep the house, then mop it, then take everything off my shelf, put it away somewhere nice and neatly, take the shelf apart, move it downstairs, put it back together, and then find all this stuff and put it on the shelf in an orderly fashion  when does she e playful ect i'll be waking up?"
i'm hungry 
"i need to fix my alarm to actually ring when i want it to   appearently, it thought i wanted it to ring silently for 15 minutes as i slept through my first class today "
theres crickets everywhere!
faceboooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooook o o
"i needa get out a bit more   annoyed \\if some one wants to <propfemale> out, lemme know  laugh "
now i remember why i never did sports   i suck 
night yall  morning physics homework 
spent the entire after noon in my room doing nothing 
"we are more the same, than we are different "
it all comes down to now 
hi 
quote of the night: \darn you strawberry," get in the straw!\""\"e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,amaro is too tired tonight to have a quote  sad 
quote of the night: \i'm not gonna try," cuz trying is wrong  -makes humping motion with hands- i didn't mean it like that!\""\"e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,"half hugs, bleh "
"to every one who wished me happy birthday, but i never got around to responding annoyed thanks, i love you all "
-yawn-
quote of the night: \whoa," what are they raping? oh    me \""\"e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,quote of the night: \you were just kidding," but you still touched?\""\"e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,"quote of the night: \it slides right? it's harder than i thought  so that's why you wanted to be on the floor \""\",e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,if you like this status i will post on your wall  smile 1  something i learn about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2  the color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you 4  the animal you remind me of   5  ask something i've always wondered about you 6  reveal my favorite thing    about you 7   give you a weird nickname 8  challenge you to post this!
every one like amaro bustamante's status  kthanxbai
correction  every one go to amaro bustamante's wall and like that one status thing 
who wants to teach me to dance?  smile 
stupid hacking link thing 
"every person has 1,000 wishes  a cancer patient, only one: to get better  i know that 97% of people will not post this as their status  be one of the 3% and put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who have died because of cancer or are still fighting it "
quote of the night: \it's a sea turtle! (whispers) like the turtle in my phone    \,e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,quote of the night: \stick your hand in there," and witness the sticky glory \""\"e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,"friend did this, so why not?\like my status and i will tell you two things i like about you  surprise "
pie
"quote of the night: \look at those graphics; both of them \""\",e84673fa60ecb998e76b4d42d22b9a34,om nom nom~
zombie proud 
"finally got my phone working, ladies and gents  gonna need your <propfirst> though, so send em to me, via text, comment and or message  thanks~"
"change your profile pic to a cartoon character from your childhood! why? to not see a single human face on facebook, and have an invasion of childhood memories  fight child abuse "
swampert~
"yeah, the night's not over, you're not trying hard enough~"
"sure, fb has the \poke\"" and \""poke back\"" function  it needs a \""stab back\"" function  surprise """
fjtufivkj bhgfriekdfjgtr tjkdvfrioekdjfhtuikdf i need soda 
