5935c72621d73c87d53f1728e550f496
"i haven't been on in forever  lol  had like a zillion requests, but it's good to know i have friends  i'll log on more   smile "
i miss my closest friend  but i'll wait  it's the least i can do for him   
is tired  lol  lagoon     
tired     i don't wanna march today    
got to facebook at school  who's amazing now???  playful 
"\it takes a real man to capture a crippled duck   \"""""
sometimes you feel unknown  today is one of those days 
"is now running windows 7 ultimate edition, and  love -ing microsoft "
i solemnly swear i am up to no good 
"i feel empty  something is missing and i know what it is  it's what's better for both of us, but     i still feel it   "
has to much time and so little to do   
a wish for 2010 is that people understand that being gay is not a disease  people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance and equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?
i want him here  stupid verizon wireless job   
i hate people who create drama  i wish everyone could just relax and talk through their problems instead of e playful loding at the person they're fighting with and anyone who comes in contact with them 
with <propfirst> at church today   laugh 
it's a happy day  everything just fits   smile 
so i need help  i've been running avast on my 7 partion and i installed vista (for game compatibility reasons) on the other partion and put microsoft security essentials on it cause my boyfriend likes it  anyone have an opinion on which is better?
watching remember the titans and loving it  lol   laugh 
even with most of the family here    this house is empty without her    -heartbroken-  crying 
watching over my girl  thinking of my baby  wish he was here   love  crawling into bed with me 
party hardy!!!  playful 
hates psychology 1010      playful 
why is class soooo boring???? d:
omg guys!!!! it's graduation day! this is the one day it'll be all about us  i'm nervous and excited and don't want to leave my friends  i'll miss you guys  we've been looking forward to this for four years  and we made it  congrats everyone  and good luck out there   love 
my printer i got for christmas last year got it's first paper jam  and i feel happy about it  lol  i'm putting it to good use   laugh 
feels very grown-up as he looks around the empty house and goes to buy milk for breakfast 
"omg! can anybody say new <propfemale> game? it's called skyward sword  it's only for wii, but i want it!! guess i have to buy a wii soon  lol "
inspirational day  good to be able to go to church again   smile 
"\never go to bed angry \"" famous words  all too true """
family reunion was cool  sunburned to he'll though  so glad to be in my own bed  and my sweetheart will be in it too when he gets off work   laugh 
for some reason band-aids seem to be extra resilient to my skin 
proposition 8 overturned!!! finally ruled unconstitutional! thank god!
gone to synergy with slcc  see you monday facebook 
"back from synergy, had a good nights rest  feeling very good   smile "
tired  can't sleep though  ugh!
"\a day of compliments\"" is tomorrow  don't forget people   love """
mom and <propmale> went to court and got the kids back  i can't wait to see them   smile 
going to my baby's house then church tomorrow  should be interesting and insperational   laugh 
"suddenly remembers why he doesn't date women    drama, drama, drama!  playful "
doesn't wanna hear it   playful 
"so, i looked online today and 16 people in my friends list changed their profile picture  woah     i only have 94 friends  lol "
going home from a day with <propfirst> and his mom  feeling a little unwanted his mom     annoyed 
is having an off day  i don't want to be here   
"here physically, not mentally "
omg it's october already? where does the time go?
just got rihanna: rated r re-mixed  it's awesome!  laugh  totally fitting my mood today 
wants to dance in the rain  i think i just might   laugh   love ing the rain 
"\his asian stache makes him look like a mexican \"""""
haxxx !!!  laugh !!
anime con  is rocking my balls off!!!!  laugh 
"dancing  anime style  sooo awesome, but     feet    so    tired   "
"as the anime wears off, and reality sets in     annoyed "
coffee     
sometimes i hate the post office  it seems they lost my voter registration papers  so much for voting this year   
i hope you're all wearing purple today   love 
curiouser and curiouser    
is it just me or is farmville  acting stupid? i'm having <propmale> <propfemale> time in loading it  but it's not my connection 'cause everything else loads like nothing   
omg!!! <propfirst> swift: speak now is out today!!!! i want it!!!  laugh 
omg! the <propmale> horror glee show tonight at 7!!!  laugh  :excited:
i hate my farmville     everytime i try to share on my wall it fails      d:
"which \<propmale> horror picture show\"" character are you? -- my result: <propmale> horror  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 378251 referrals status?aid=1569762016"""
???????
"i'm through accepting limits, 'cause someone says they're so    "
ooooh!!! snow!!! i wanna snowboard! d:
?????????????????!!!  ??? ???
"dear\mr president, \       i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military \starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save\much more money for our country? while you're at it, let's cut \congressmans pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue to pay for those who take no \risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree "
"feels like such a girl when a \chickflic\"" makes him cry    """
"from now until december 7th, change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same     the objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against violence to children  remember we were kids too    pass it on to a friend"
"found a new song, flavor of the week by american hi-fi  it's awesome, look it up   laugh "
"so, i went out and got this amazing case for my ipod, called and otter box  it didn't fit in my alarm dock, so i decided i'd just take it out everytime  first time last night i took it out and     it slipped   sad  it hit the knob on my nightstand and now my screen has a crack      fml   "
loading 2011      ?????????????] 99%
"some of you have been using the app that shows your first status  it didn't work for me, so i did it myself and mine was     \i'm bored    \"" lol  lame    """
"got out my meditation balls, thank you for those <propmale>, and sat for a couple hours  it feels good to clear the mind out "
"dost thou love life? then do not squander time, for that the stuff life is made of \\-<propmale> <propmale>"
spark your fire and light up the skies with your beauty  i know you can 
whoa! farmville crash! lol 
"i, as a consumer, hate hard plastic covering, but love how it protects the product  lol"
"\kisses make my skin feel weird    \"" love this song   laugh """
i hate it when people sit around and do nothing all day every day  what a waste of a life 
omg!!! nintendo 3ds!!!  laugh  that is all 
omg    o o what the hell is that big bright circle in the sky?!?!  laugh 
haha i'm a homo like no one even knows!!! and i got hacked
i have alot of respect for atheists  life is hard enough with him  living in a world with out him sounds absolutely terrifying  ~evie linford
"if you don't want my opinion, don't fucking ask for it!@!!!! > indecision "
"whatever you do in life will be insignificant, but it's very important that you do it  ~gandhi"
"most random thing ever  i got woken up this morning by my electric shaver i had in my room  it just decided it was going to turn on  lol  i tried turning it off several times, but it must've been possessed or something  it's on my back porch now  still on    "
i hope everyone had a happy new year! year of the rabbit!  laugh 
"why do you do that? you know how i feel, but you don't really seem to care  douche    "
"do not take another's bad opinion of you as the truth  nothing others think or say about you is about you, but rather a reflection of their own reality "
"'i'm dancing with tears in my eyes, just fighting to get through the night  i'm losing it, with every move i die   '"
"dear pants,\i love you even more when you're fresh out of the dryer  that is all "
"\my boyfriend uses them every time we have intercourse  they make his junk smell like pie \"""""
thunder cats are goooo!!!!! fallout    fallout!!!!
new pokémon game = sex!!!  laugh dd  love   love 
"dear wolrd,\i feel like sh*t and it's all your fault  screw this, i'm going to bed   playful "
"took my asvab practice test today  i needed 31 to pass, and i got a 56! woot! go me!  laugh dd"
omg~~~!!! pokémon rotation battles are freakin' sweet!!  laugh dd
"i just scored 939,883 on e t  in <propfemale> <propfirst> revenge 2 by bing!"
"i love watching older people smile  if you look at there eyes, you can see the smile in them   smile "
step one: beat elite four of pokémon black  check!  laugh 
"nigh night, facebook   smile "
"i just scored 711,445 on e t  in <propfemale> <propfirst> revenge 2 by bing!"
"if i have tattoos, i'm a trouble maker  if i have curves, i'm fat  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have male-friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i care!!!"
lol  my recruiter is awesome  he just sent me a drunk text  hahaha   laugh 
"so, i woke up at 5am and went all the way to salt lake just to have the recruitment office tell me i need my ssc again because the last douche didn't put me into the biometric system like he was suppose to  so now i have to wake up at 5am again tomorrow  wonderful      annoyed "
