0fd7544cb2162df7528d8bc043f9e16e
doesn't understand why people the news are making such a big deal out of <propfirst> <propmale>'s death     
man    starting a business is harder than it looks    
working at charleston's premier restaurant!!!!  woo hoo  smile 
"so close to reaching that famous happy end   almost believing this one's not pretend, and you're beside me and look how far we've come   so far we are so close "
wiped out   time for sleep    maybe   hopefu    zzzzzzz
<propfemale> <propfirst> ruble!!!!  i haven't heard from you in ages!!!  are you still alive my love?
sleep then work tomorrow   night
he is buying the ring    
he is buying the ring!
please understand   dylan and i are not engaged   talked about it but decided to wait 
man   there are times where i wish i was still in <propfemale> i mean i love snow and charleston is the furthest thing from snow you could actually get   it is freezing but all we get is wind lightning and rain   this sucks
my computer is busted   thank you <propmale> for saving the day!!  countdown to va 10 days   countdown to cali 13 days   super psyched!
wow      last night was crazy 
back in va if anyone wants to chill   *cough cough* john    let me know
cali+ desert+ rain= omg the dog is floating away!
hold fast to dreams for if dreams die life is a brokened winged bird that can not fly     why do i feel this quote makes sense for my life right now??
volunteering at mwr     who knew desk work could be so much fun??
ugh i don't understand spouses preferance     just because you are married to someone in the military doesn't mean you should get a job you are not qualified to do    this sucks   i think the system is wrong 
it mentally preparing to sit in line for the biggest loser auditions    this should be fun!
alrighty the moment of truth    about to head to la for the biggest loser audition    not gonna lie kinda nervous    
how is it possible to want something so much and when you finally get what you wanted it seems wrong?  can the heart ache without understanding the true depth of pain that it feels?  didi i make a mistake?
its official going to be in utah this weekend am going to love seeing everyone!!!
leaving for utah at like 2 in the morning tomorrow   what an e playful erience this will be   
in utah and having a blast didn't know i missed this place so much!
why can't people just understand that their action affect the people around them!  gah soooo frustrating      
feels like she is going through her parents divorce all over again   
just got home from utah   good to be my own bed again 
nothing like old school cheap trick to make a girl feel better!
feeling very thankful to a certain person for all of their help   you know who you are!!
is feeling a little down in the dumps today and would love to be cheered up!!!
about to head to work to catch up on all the time i lost yesterday!  hopefully today will be better   
off to get chipolte then headed out to base   only 2 more days till i am officially back in va 
leave for va tomorrow at 4:55pm!
had a really great time tonight   in fact prolly a better night then i have had in a very long time   no if i could just get to sleep it would be perfect!
about to call <propfemale> at 6 surprise 0 in the morning so that i can google directions to her house in <propfemale> monica    then off to va!
in va through tuesday to help mom make a wedding cake!
more than half way through day one and already slightly behind on all the wedding cake madness!!!
ugh i always think that cakes don't take alot out of me but then i realized    i am waaaaaay to nit picky over small details and i litterally stress over them   sooo tired  annoyed 
cake done   now i can relax
"i\ find that lately i have been very confused about some of the things that i have been feeling   and i am not sure how to deal with them   "
off to get on a plane bound for lax   goodbye va it has been nice 
im exhausted and ready for some quality one on one time with <propfemale>
i really wish i would get an answer from allstate and state farm regarding who was at fault for the accident in which my car was totaled    ugh this sucks 
off to sacramento    and oroville(sp?) i think for the long weekend
is an airhead   i can never seem to remember my phone charger when i go on a trip   
is hoping beyond hope that the great deal i just got for a 2006 nissaqn <propfemale> is not a scam   deperately needs positive reinforcement 
house sitting for the general through thursday if you need me i have my phone!
"see now i know it is me    i wish people would learn how to peel back the layers and realize that underneath it all is a very smart, funny, relaxed, confident, beautiful person who would do anything to be seen for what she is inside    yes i am heavier set, but that is not all i am   please realize that "
"r i p  electric etric\you were loved and repected by all who knew you   your untimely death will leave a whole in all of our hearts   i already miss you more than you will ever know!\ love  <propfemale>"
is sooo tired and not looking forward to today at all     guess i should face the day anyway!
who knew yoga could be so invigorating    i think i have just figured out a way that i like to work out that doesnt make me want curl up and die!
so i faced the music   and i am feeling a little hurt   but i will survive  smile 
"hoping all of the soldiers and there families will have a safe and fun block leave, and return to ft  <propmale> in one piece!"
at the generals house today and tomorrow   will have my cell if you need me!
fed up and sick of the bull crap    
hey guys!!  i need a huge favor!!  i need you all to go to battleofthebuilds com click on cast vote and vote for my friend <propfirst>'s design   it is title m s c !!  he really needs your help so please vote!!!
almost home after being in utah for 4 days    and so emotionally exhausted i can't see straight 
one week and three days untill the big 4th of july bash at fort <propmale>!  kinda looking forward to it!
"ugh     my eyes are soooo sore!  where is my shoulder to cry on when i need it   feeling very alone sucks, but it will get better "
"i thought if i could touch this place or feel it, this brokenness inside me might start healing   out here its like im someone else i thought that maybe i could find my self      if i could just come in i swear i'll leave won't take nothing but a memory from the house that, built me "
it would be nice if people let me know or e playful lain my side of the story before the decide to hate me    
what an exhaustiong day think im gonna hit the hay early tonight    
lost the one thing i cared about and am trying to figure out how to get it back   
going to iraq afgahnistan tomorrow     ok so not the real ones but the ntc ones    
is not really sure how to put this     you smell gooooood      its times like these where i am thankful i have a nose 
cant fall asleep    damn cupcakes
"i got a feelin'\my head's a reelin'\my heart's a screamin'\im about to bust loose!  bottled up emotion    its more than a notion!\it starts with an \i\""\",0fd7544cb2162df752 laugh 8bc043f9e16e,"i got a feelin'\my head's a reelin'\my heart's a screamin'\im about to bust loose! bottled up emotion    its more than a notion!\it starts with an \i\""\",0fd7544cb2162df752 laugh 8bc043f9e16e,is finally 21      tonight is gonna be a blast!
off work let the party begin!
alright you caught me    it was the mexican flag that did me in    i cant hold my booze     but i did provide comic relief therefore i must be good for something  laugh 
had the best time in <propfemale> <propfemale> this weekend     i really hope the feelings i had there are shared     smile 
"p s  this is <propfirst>, and i still love you"
people need to check their anger at the door    if i didn't do a damn thing wrong don't you dare aim that anger at me 
likes to play the friend who doubles as a theripist    feels like her life has meaning when this happens 
finally home at 2250 now time to sleep so i can wake up at 0345 to catch the bus into work at 0430 so i can make it to work by 0600     good to know i am finally getting used to military time 
"she wears short skirts, i wear t-shirts, she's cheer captain, and im on the bleachers     dreaming bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time   if you couls see that im the one who understands you, been here all along so why can't you see you belong with me "
i confused as to why she is not good enough    
went and saw eat pray love and not gonna lie hit really close to home     cried the whole way home 
have you ever hated yourself for staring at the phone?  your whole life waiting on the ring to prove you're not alone?      have you ever felt this way?
smile though your heart is aching      smile even though its breaking 
is finding that letting go is a lot harder then she thought      they should make letting go for dummies or some other kind of self help book for this sorta thing 
so i drove a virtual tractor today    definately hoping that if i ever get to drive a real one i will do better then i did in the virtual world!
i aint settling for anything less than everything  smile 
not looking forward to working 10pm to 6am for the next three nights    need to find something that will keep me awake that long    
only 2:10 am and i still have four hours to go     ugh hate the over night shift  sad 
smetimes i think this world would be better if i was dreaming     maybe things would go my way more    lol   inception was a great movie think i have to see it again tho 
\yet some still take for granted\,0fd7544cb2162df752 laugh 8bc043f9e16e,having one tough day   really just need someone to be there 
would like to be noticed     that would be the sweetest thing you ever did for me    
"wow, so i am not coordinated at all    before you all say duh and start pointing and laughing i need to add    with a fork   whether it was the one wine cooler i had with dinner, or just a lack of hand eye mouth coordination i somehow managed to miss my mouth entirely and get one whole beef ravioli down my shirt   feeling    confused??"
super sad that i had to miss my friend <propfemale>'s wedding     i so wanted to be there   good luck girl!  (i know you won't need it ;p)
well   im not sure how i feel about blind dates    don't really know if they are for me 
tired   
so i am not saying i believe in ufos or that aliens are going to invade our planet and steal our natural resources     but this is the second night that i have seen something in the sky i cannot e playful lain 
i  love  ruby    thanks for helping me out!
i like it on the bed
missing back east   weird but i think i really like having all four seasons    here it either feels like late spring or summer   welcome to the desert 
getting ready for work text me if ya need me!
i hate to break it to you baby   but im not drowning 
heart broken
is sooo ready to get her turkey day grub on!!
very proud of myself     
is thinking it is time for a nap     as soon as intervention is over    
just watcher fear and loathing in las vegas for the first time ever    definately confused    
is super stoked     i didnt think it was possible
decided to put this status up to make <propfirst> freak out    i'm just sayin
so i leave to go visit my grandpa and low and behold when i get home i have to drive through   not over but through 3 lakes before i can get into my house   another big difference there is now a river o' death running through the middle of the desert    i dont think i can handle all the water    
its christmas     wow that year flew by    
snow!!!
ugh staight off b shift      and feel like i will be blamed for other people's mess ups 
"just heard that the girlies from a shift found lots of mistakes from my shift     life is going to be \great\"" when i show up from work today     i hope that i can stay on my a game and help the trainee at the same time  annoyed """
"ugh got back \home\"" last night around midnight     guess i had too much fun with the girlies cause i couldn't get to sleep till 3 smile 0am and had the terrible misfortune of waking up at 5:45am and now here it is almost 8am    and i can't sleep        go figure     """
i keep seeing all of my friends post status updated about papers they have to write for school      it kinda makes me miss the whole college and writing papers thing    
needs to go to vegas and have some fun    how much longer until kristinas hubby gets back from wlc?
ugh    long day     can't wait till wednesday so i can get away!!
"might be the next contestant on the singing <propfemale>,,, just spent the afternoon talking to their executives     fingers crossed everyone!"
"in the words of my amazing friend <propfemale> \ i want a hum3 truck with a built in hot tub     you know so i can have my 'me' time on the side of fort <propmale> road   \"""""
"feeling like crap     i think i am getting sick but nothing i can do about it now   straight off a \double\"" and back to work at 2 """
feeling sore    won't sleep till after two tomorrow    
ready to see the steelers whoop some butt this sunday!
okit is official <propfemale> has rubbed off onme and i am addicted to call of duty black ops     and the world is good  smile 
needs to take her frustrations out on call of duty black ops    
letting go is hard   but letting me move on is the best gift i have ever gotten from you 
"im waiting for a friend   to drive me to the middle of the desert   what hookers can\t bury themselves!"""
trying to come up with something witty on the spot is hard    why the heck does <propfemale> make it look so easy?
its grand when you see a homeless guy on the street with a sign that reads    bet you can't hit me with a quarter    best get <propmale> quick scheme ever    
"me: what do you want for dinner?\alyssa: well anything that is fattening, tasty, and bad for me i will prolly like"
"to cupcake,\the fact that you cover yourself with icing says a lot about your self esteem \sincerely,\muffin"
so the other day i put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air     fricken worst transformer ever!
so how would <propfemale> put this    i have butterflies in myeyes   some how i don't think it sounds quite right     smile 
awwww     well that was sweet     but my first thought is still gaaaay  laugh 
dont over do it on the tic tacs now   they are like 2 calories a peice   what did i tell you!!  now you have to burn 6 whole calories!
still sick     extremely tired      and ready for a nap 
so it is a little late but i am going fo0r it anyway    yesterday as <propfemale> smith was pulling clothes out of the washer she turns and says why aren't these clothes dry yet     heres your sign 
fresh off night audit time to crash cause work again at 5 tomorrow!  if you need me the cell is on  smile 
okso i did just update but there is one other thing that has been on my mind     in life there is always a workable solution to a problem   best way to find out the solution    ask  smile 
i think <propfemale> said it best     if congress wants to say it is within first ammendment rights to protest at a military funeral then come protest on my lawn and see if your first ammendment rights out weigh my 2nd ammendment rights    
