9ecc64d5e05bbf77607c8d772f247672
blah
im gettin old     playful  ill be 21 tomorrow  
happy birthday to me!  smile 
well i survived my first day being 21  playful 
rawr!
ugh im drunk as    well lets just say im pretty drunk  playful 
went out and had an epic day so im happy woot lol
gam3r for lyfe!
"born in new zealand in sixty-four a hot-headed actor named <propfirst> crowe he loves to act but he loves one thing more fightin' round the world he fights his directors and he fights his fans it's a problem no one understands if there's two things he loves it's fighting and fightin' round the world makin' movies, makin' music and fight-in' round the world! <propfirst> crowe!"
lolz
blah blah blah   
larf larf  
durrrids r 4 2 hav fun wit frens!  laugh 
oh no   
argh i need chickens for my farm     laugh 
rawr!
blahzorz
yes i do realize i look insane in my new picture    laugh 
wootzorz i got final fantasy 13 and so far it pwns
blah  
well after 4 years my beloved computer has died    you will be missed old friend : \\
ugh i want to play wow damnit   annoyed 
argh goddamnit   annoyed 
blah blah blippity blah!
ugh i know iv only said it a hundred times   but   i want to play wow again damnit!  troubled 
w t f? x x
yep   
rawr!
i have set a goal for myself    lose 20 pounds in about a month  yay this is gonna be fun   lol
"so i was out with <propmale> last night, drivin around town jamin out to some sublime when all of a sudden i hear this dude yelling at us, so i roll down the window and turn the music down just to hear \spic\"" \""white power\"" \""fuck you\"" though i should of been offended i found it to be funny   laugh """
"begining the process of cleaning out my ps3, already have it open and holy shit is it bad, 2 years of dust awaits to be removed    lol"
"well the ps3 is clean    too bad i still have to replace the disc laser   oh well, its still half-assed working for now so yay  lol"
blah blah blah
another week of lameness woot   
tah  
time to get drunk  yay
i can barely see to type this yet im typeing it well yay
"gotta love wakein up, sitting upwards and hurtin lol"
blahzorz  
i need to start thinking about the great things and people i have in my life instead of dwelling on what i dont have   if only it were that easy   
i got to play wow this week yay  lol
rawr!
the kombucha mushroom people sitting around all day    who could believe you   
omg ill be on wow tonight! yay lol
tornado warning happening right now    lame
ugh
bleh   
"guess my wow account got hacked    bleh  well to that i say  fuck that shit, im going to space "
ugh im getting old   lol
popsicles = teh pwn  om nom nom
beware of the lhurgoyf!
fuck its hot out!  annoyed 
mw2 time!
wants to play wow    -_-
ps3 all day!
woooo
i wanna go to blizzcon   annoyed 
blahzorz
yep   
"omg staying up til 2 smile 0 and getting up at 8 sucks, but the 3 new trophies on ff13 was worth it  playful "
gettin drunk tonight   woot!
"some 4th this was, rained all damn day still raining now, seems like its calming though so maybe ill get to see some shit blow up after all  playful "
gonna own some magic today   i think lol
i wanna go on a trip   
i must say iv had a pretty good day 
woot woot
argh fucking realm is still down im goin crazy! lol
is it bad that someone annoys me so bad that i sit here and imagine punching them in the head over and over? >_>
nerd rage!!1!!!  laugh 
"o m g    starcraft 2 comes out at midnight, must    have   "
tah 
i'd be just fine dying in a hail of gunfire 
blah blah blah 
"they need to bring code monkeys back, i miss that show    damn you g4!!!"
"<propmale> and i are on a quest for no-bake cookies, it will be a long and hard journey to the store but we will press on!"
"well, the funs over time to head back\home\"" and start working on my old room   got fix the holes i made in the wall and paint it  yay   """
rawr!
went and saw <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world tonight    i liked it   playful 
argh gettin old  lol
"ugh i swear, if you could od on wow    id be fucked lol"
ugh i fucking hate being sick   
next weekend is my birthday    woot   
two more hours    lol
"well last night was wild, was playing wow drunk as hell next thing i know i woke up in the morning passed out on rodneys couch, i had my first drunk black out  annoyed  lol"
red dead redemption owns
blah blah n such
tooo much @_@
"please\ put this on your status if you know (or are related to) someone who \hasbeen eaten by velociraptors  my wish for 2010 is that people will \understand that being eaten by velociraptors is not something to be \ashamed of  velociraptors are nearly unstoppable and are truly \      terrifying  93% won't paste this becaus   e they're dead, so post as your status if you're one of the remaining 7% "
i do know the pain of raptor feedings   
"my necks all fucked up, yay for muscle relaxers and pain pills"
"oh the dragons balls were blazin'\as i stepped into his cave \then i sliced his fuckin' cockles,\with my long and shiney blade!\'twas i who fucked the dragon,\fucka lie sing fuck a loo!\and if you try to fuck with me,\then i shall fuck you too"
ugh    gettin old
yep
"ugh, why am i still awake? >_>"
"saw skyline tonight, it was cool but i dunno about the ending   "
"yeah im drunk, so what?"
"had an orange juice from mc donalds this morning that tasted horrible, i was pissed  troubled   i love orange juice damnit"
blah!
rawr!!
"blibbity blah shah tah ka-kaw, wide awake and boredish   u u"
pwned
it felt good to get some real sleep finally    playful 
yep!
"cataclysm in 12 hours omg, cant wait!"
omg installing cata now!!
ahhh!
boy i say you he dead!
"ahhh, guess i should sleep before i lose the last shred of sanity i have left for the day  o o"
yay for drinking!  playful 
uh oh its snowing here 
"damn, its still snowing "
