256bfc38ede12d18b39ecdbbab4c1c60
flooded with projects and tutorials     sad 
this is not call holiday    
this isn't holiday    
wants taufik's shirt   
got to prepare for school    starting soon     sad 
<propfemale>    is there school next week or not??
is trying to be back to study mood    
back to school   
wishes to slack     playful 
is dying due to tons of project   
predicts to have insufficient of sleep till next sunday
is tired of doing report   zzzz  
can't wait for monday to come   
finally has some time to rest     smile 
now is gaming time     smile 
trying hard to study   
is not in the mood to study    playful 
can't seem to recall   
guess today will be extremely busy     sad 
is exhausted   but still have energy to play fb   =p
hungry     sad 
looking for new and delicious food     any recommendation?
tired  sad 
visited toilet numerous times     sad 
4 weeks left   
played today but feelings are gone   sad 
"have a good rest team, prepare for tmr game  smile "
"good start, 4 more to go   "
"chances are there, it's up to us to grab it  "
"only think of future match, we can do it  smile "
too tired or lack of sleep?
unlucky week for me   hope it ends soon
"hope had rested enough, 2 more to go   "
let's give our best shots & enjoy our last game tmr  smile 
slow starter    time to start training
needs a good rest this weekend  sad 
"thank you for the presents and supper, will miss robinson lots  smile "
lazy to do report
"failed to do report, too exhausted  "
finally finished doing report
wishes someone could do tutorials for me =p
waiting for l4d2 to de-stress
tiring trip but played exciting matches
another day of sleepless night    
will not go easy on free-riders
finally able to rest for half a day  
ib ruins my weekends
2 more days to slight freedom
left with last paper before break  smile 
"games and movies, here i comes      smile "
<propfemale> christmas!!  smile 
happy new year everyone!!!  smile 
"thank you for the dinner, presents and wishes!! will make gd use of the presents  smile "
fairness does not exist in school
seems hard to survive next week   
shall take a short break today  
time to keep racket   full focus on studies  sad 
unlucky day for me   
this weekend = no break
burn midnight oil again  sad 
enjoyed jokes and game played today  thanks seniors for coming down  smile 
if only there's ib report found online    
finally ended ib   games for today    smile 
games are addictive   
too many shows and games   hard to concentrate    sad 
"finally it's over, time to take a long break   "
gratitute
"thank you juniors for organizing farewell party, food & presents    smile "
4 sets of game --> body aching    sad 
since it's started   let's finish it  
though weird   but enjoyed  smile 
yay   hyori's album is out today  smile 
no signal    sad 
suffering from hot weather    sad 
finally has internet on lappy    sry for any late reply    playful 
thank you to all friends for the greetings & wishes  smile 
lots of food to finish    sad 
"ppl playing restaurant city, pls send me salmon   <propfemale>   thanks!!  playful "
feels tired   but can't sleep   zzz  
haizz    what's wrong with my fb??  sad 
finally back to fast speed internet    hehehe      playful 
worried for nothing   
tan youling ? & mj may jun   pls decide asap!! i'm craving!!
exhausted   got to admit age catching up    sad 
tired of waiting
exhausted   must be due to ytd's e playful loration    sad 
too many errors played  sad 
hope able to sleep early today  
officially graduates from nyp  smile 
watched sunrise    gd night!!!  playful 
"tan youling ?, ps <propfemale>   did you manage to get your job?? hahaha     playful "
peiling cai & <propfemale> cai   thank you for today's meal    smile 
hp line will be terminated starting from tmr   pls contact me through fb or msn   <propfemale>   thanks  smile 
feels tired despite staying at home   zzzz    sad 
"mj may jun & tan youling ?   haha   see my photo album, i put in nice comment on the photos!! lol   "
had an exciting journey    now is time to have a long rest
exciting week spent  smile 
in need of long rest at home  sad 
hopes able to be up 'early' tmr   playful 
doubt will wake up on time    playful 
finally get to see all of them    smile 
back to slow internet speed    haizz     sad 
finally had delicious coconut drink   smile 
taeyang album is finally out    hope it's good
wow   fast start from brazil  
rather hard to revive now   
energy drained     sad 
"lol, let's see if the oracle octopus guess correctly by choosing spain as winner  "
tan youling ?!!!! thanks to you   my cousin is flooding me with message like yours   argh  
argh   hate last minute!!!
yay!! spain won 2010 world cup!! champion!!
lack of water at home   -_-'''
why did the electricity stop when the loading is almost complete??? argh   
"floods at home   -_-\\"""""
beware of virus spreading   check before accepting request
stuck on bed   thanks to tapioca    frowny 
someone pls sub running men asap!! can't wait to watch     playful 
just finished watching running man ep1   awesome show    next pls    playful 
at last   back to decent home    smile 
is there any meal that is neither hot nor hard??
seems like this is not a good year  
"listen to your heart, won't let you down"
sinful but satisfying    playful 
home sweet home  smile 
time to e playful lore!!  smile 
nice weather to zzz   
"hp officially down, pls state ur name in message cause contact list erased, thanks "
"yay, pass my test!!! gonna have fun without worries!!  smile "
still trying to adapt to the hot weather    sad 
hmm   i guess i like it on the sofa   hahaa  
"a song to sing when you need courage, over the rainbow"
"tan youling ? & mj may jun, don't be late tmr!!!! or else i shall start my meal first    playful "
don't really know what you've got till its gone
is there something wrong with rc??
lazy to pack   zzzz
endless problem with rc   zzz  
this kind of lifestyle will definitely adds number to my weight    sad 
weird to watch chinese movie with eng audio  
tough decision   
hope it goes well later  
think i will need oxygen tank for my next game   haha    playful 
quarantine by fugitive  
zzzz    starbucks needed!!
yay!! fugitive ep 11 is out    smile 
games inactive till sun     playful 
haiizz   something wrong with connection    sad 
countdown to much better internet speed  smile 
loves the internet here!!  smile 
hand started to ache    sad 
hope she left in peace  
happy new year!!!  smile 
welcome to los <propfemale>!!!  smile 
"dear nyp badminton teammates   thanks for the messages   love it lots, will definitely treasure it   take care guys n all the best for ivp matches    smile "
finally orientations ended    smile 
first day of school    smile 
i think i picked the wrong module    sad 
got to complete partial homework in order to go for movie    crying 
tangled  first movie @ us  wink 
24th feb!!!
