ecb210956f425fcec468c71cd940693d
mosquitoes are kicking my ass 
no media player on this computer!? fml
goin back to reality     fuck man!
is wondering where the hell everybody is  annoyed 
"so, what's up with 2012?"
"unspoiled unspoken, i've outgrown that fucking lullaby"
"just got called an enormous tool, guess i'm hitting some nerves huh?"
"it's funny, no matter what when it comes to life i'm always 2 steps behind or doing something ass backwards  sweet "
"it's funny, we as humans always strive to get to that point in our lives where we're happy but as soon as we reach that point the happiness devolves into paranoia over losing said happiness  or is it just me?"
"listening to the new coheed and cambria album which fucking rocks so far, <propfirst> <propfemale> sure as hell is taking this band to new heights "
"the laughing feels so good but the world misunderstood all i said,  there was no joke in what i meant "
"just tired of bull shit, real talk "
the world looks better when your fallen braced to comfort and not to crawl in to find it we must pray for the broken no one to fix us 
hangin out with the fellas tonight  hype? i think so 
"<propfirst> bayer sure fucked up the nightmare on elm street remake, sure it's visually pleasing and gruesome but the plot is god awful  nice way to do a classic horror film justice  stick to directing music videos plzkthx "
god dammit  annoyed 
"man, fuck the human psyche  why can't we all be simple "
"hey you  fuck you, you know who you are "
"ugh, need cash for lost planet 2 operation \scrounge up cash\"" go!"""
"what the fuck did i do wrong this time, seriously?"
"just got the shit end of the stick in the game of life once again, what did i do this time?  sad "
thanks alot for the birthday wishes guys! my day is off to a great start thanks to you folks  smile 
"getting in some good ol' guitar practice, damn this shit is hard lol"
"calling it right now, the last airbender is going to be ass because with all due respect, with m night shyamalan at the helm directing, we can e playful ect a train wreck that's only redeeming feature is that it's cgi is easy on the eyes "
meh  annoyed 
"and     the last airbender opens to overwhelmingly negative reviews  another shyamalan film, another botched franchise "
any one who's a fan of post-hardcore music owes it to their ears to listen to at the drive-in's relationship of command  easily one of the defining albums of the decade right there 
<propfirst> pilgrim on friday  who's fuckin hype???
"man, so much for sleep tonight, wish i could turn off my brain and not think about shit every once in a while lol "
"real talk, next week can't come fast enough  senior year ftw "
"can't sleep so fuck it, getting ready for school lol "
"hmmm, thinking of applying to berklee college but i have no portfolio to speak of  time to ask the music teacher!"
what's up with the lady gaga craze? is there a concert tonight or something?
"jamming to some at the drive-in right now, love this band!"
an anesthetic penance beneath the hail of contraband 
ok wtf is up with me getting these random messages from people on my friends list? you guys catch a virus or something?  annoyed 
i finally watched the breakfast club just now  an absolutely fantastic film if i ever saw one 
bored bored bored 
new dance <propmale> dance album soon? wooooo!!!
listening to some symphony x  instrumental wank at its finest 
yo i just saw the diesielest rat just run across the street  god dammot hartford lol 
"man, lifes too short to be stressing out and getting angry over shit  so i'm just gonna chill and take it as it comes "
wow i feel so stupid now that i've realized i had my inspiration in front of me the whole time  looks like i found something big to write about  smile 
frustrated that all i can do is hope for the best  annoyed 
listening to some deep purple  how led zeppelin and black sabbath get more praise as classic hard rock bands is beyond me  annoyed 
i miss my girlfriend
i miss her so much~!
why does it have to be so god damn cold  annoyed 
"listened to the latest avenged sevenfold album in full and i have to say, color me kind of impressed  while it really isn't that good, the band at least sounds inspired again, it's a shame portnoy didn't contribute more drum work instead of just playin' the rev's ground work "
"new <propfirst> satriani album is out today, hype anybody?"
don't stick your neck out for anyone because when they're done they will just cut it off 
got a local cs tournament to go to on thursday  not gonna practice because i know i'll win anyway lol 
"peace out fb, listenin to some more at the drive-in "
woooo yeah school      > >
man i'm ready for college just let me out of here already  annoyed 
"so if the fighting genre is on the rise, then why do any of these new games coming out have no staying power (except street fighter iv and tekken)  i'd rather have quality releases every once in a while instead of shitty ones all around "
listening to the album endgame by megadeth  all these metal musicians out there need to take notes because they're getting outshredded by a 50 year old still goin strong 
listening to the radio  jesus what do people listen to these days -_-
i can now play the intro to children of bodom's song if you want peace   prepare for war  laugh  ! the catch is that its one chord repeated six times lmao 
we always see in black and white when it comes to someone elses fight 
damn why is everybody sick now >_>
"wow kubo, way to cop out and conclude an arc in the most unimaginative way possible "
how do you not see the lengths i go to to make you happy?
"yo real talk, i just wanna e playful ress my thanks to all my friends who've had a positive influence in my life so far  some of you know who you are, some don't; but regardless, know that i'm thankful for everything you guys have done "
"watching some anime for the first time in a while  for better or worse, the medium is exactly the way i remembered it "
"mornin fb, feeling like crap so i'm gonna stay home today "
ugh 
what a shitty night 
ugh why are my b day classes so boring > >
you sure you're worth the wait? because your actions beg to differ 
rock band 3 next week  laugh 
considering buying a hedgehog  totally naming it sonic if i do 
"switching out of this digital electronics class, tired of this engineering bs "
a man is not as big as his belief in himself; he is as big as the number of people that believe in him 
"if you see a friend without a smile, give them one of yours "
when we truly realize that we are all alone is when we need people the most 
could you be any more full of shit?
"when you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and <propfemale> on "
a true friend is someone who is there for you when they'd rather be anywhere else 
"one may have a blazing heart in one's soul, and yet no one ever comes to sit by it "
"somewhere there is someone that dreams of your smile, and finds in your presence that life is worthwhile, so when you are lonely remember it's true, someone somewhere is thinking of you "
don't e playful ect me to waste my time on you if you aren't worthy of it 
if anyone i care about were to jump off a bridge i wouldn't follow; i'd be waiting at the bottom to catch them when they fall 
the academy of engineering and green technology is an embarassment  you guys are just sad 
"sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down "
it's the friends you can call up at 4 a m  that matter 
biggest pet peeve: don't make plans with someone if you already have plans with someone else  annoyed 
when you're ready to grow up let me know 
i wish there was a southern kung fu club in school  wing <propfemale> looks too cool 
"go be an attention seeker elsewhere, it's annoying >_>"
perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did 
"a truly fantastic song  the atmosphere it creates is second to none \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh b1nul- laugh hc"
"time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life  you must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you "
"asleep mid-sentence-the words fell apart  no one is listening anyway  this day will soon turn black, and my \wants and needs\"" will spill on me burning ashes  i learned to be selfish today   i learned to be alive """
"between the buried and me - mordecai, amazing song  laugh "
sat today woooo      >___>
just watched full metal jacket  easily one of kubrick's best 
gonna start being an ass sooner or later  since people don't like me i might as well give them a reason not to 
inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  don't worry it will stay between you and me  post this as your status and see your responses 
never sleeping on <propmale>'s floor again feel like crap  > annoyed 
i ran the gauntlet for you and you still have the audacity to believe i don't deserve to know what's going on? you never forget to show how inconsiderate you can be sometimes 
"smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other  thing a smile from a welcoming face reassures them "
found out that hartford students get paid tuition if they're accepted to <propfemale>  it's on 
"be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive "
happy veterans day peeps! shoutouts to  hartford public schools being too busy slave driving to observe it!
practicing the solo in smoke on the water!!  laugh 
why not be a first rate version of yourself instead of a second rate imitation of someone else?
jamming to operation paralysis by the dillinger escape plan  could quite possibly be album of the year for me 
fml fml fml fml fml  sad 
"recommend me albums people, i need more music  anyone with ideas shoot me a message, text or w e "
"one of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else "
"leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone  and by acting alone, accept everything alone "
"q ) what's the craziest thing you've done this year?\\a ) um, failing to do a backflip and falling on my face? lmao"
"man i wanna learn that opening riff on unholy confessions, so sexy! but now i'm getting ahead of myself lol "
what do you mean i hurt your feelings? i didn't know you had any feelings 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind 
<propfirst> was here to
<propfirst> was here too beasty and <propmale> is really homo dont let him into his housd
"so i got to sleep and my mom is talking away with friends, wake up this morning; and she's still talking to her friends, go figure puerto ricans >_>"
almost got the intro to marianas trench down  laugh  ! just need to nail the transition to the hammer on 
bored  annoyed 
"sat scores tomorrow, can't wait!"
better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt 
"helping my sister move, good times  laugh "
"be thankful for everyone who busts their ass for you, because there's going to be a time where nothing but the memories of their goodwill shall accompany you "
watching my nephew in his crib  i love this kid so much  love 
happy turkey day everyone!!
"i'm thankful for everyone who's come in my life and left a lasting impression good or bad because without you guys i wouldn't be the person i am today  special shoutouts to the avengers, i love you guys!"
"the man that follows the crowd will get no further than the crowd, but the man who walks alone is likely to find himself places no one has ever been "
*spongebob voice* you like krabby patties don't you squidward?
system of a down reunion!!! hype!  laugh 
"don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened "
"anyone can give up, it's the easiest thing in the world to do  but to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength "
lol complain book ftw 
"so i try to check my sat score report which is supposed to be available today and it tells me \this feature isn't available until november 30th\""  what kind of faggotry is this!"""
bored in class (-_-)  
can you put a price on peace?
"fucking stressed out, seriously "
i swear some people are just retarded stubborn sometimes for no reason other than for the sake of being stubborn 
i swear there's no pleasing some people 
"tired, peace out fb! stay <propfemale>!"
good morning fb! it's friday!  laugh 
ugh this tie is choking me  annoyed 
t_t
"just came back from an awesome day with erilsy and the family, only to end it with an evening with the avengers  good luck in ny <propfirst>, i love you bro!"
has rock band 3!  laugh 
"you know, i don't mean to be a <propmale> but the moment that i see that someone lacks the integrity to do what's right just to save their own ass is the moment that i lose all respect for them "
so many <propfirst> t_t
was well on my way to finishing my college essay when my flash drive corrupted on me  fuck you apple products!
a hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles 
"so, who wants to proofread my now finalized college essay? i need as many opinions as possible so don't be shy anyone! laugh "
bored -_-
> sad 
yo son! snow!!
"tough times never last, but tough people do "
"and with the beautiful snow finally making an extended appearance in hartford, good night facebook!"
lol what is this everyone get a new phone day? guess i missed the memo 
"hungry but too lazy to go out and get food, fml "
"are we alive, or just breathing?"
man so much negative energy on facebook lately  annoyed 
immature love says: 'i love you because i need you ' mature love says: 'i need you because i love you'
had an awesome day jamming in guitar practice  now time to go home and play some more!  laugh 
"so i try to change my name to <propfirst> ono lennon but facebook rejects it, good stuff lol "
life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans 
maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself 
"i'm not going to change the way i look or the way i feel to conform to anything  i've always been a freak  so i've been a freak all my life and i have to live with that, you know  i'm one of those people  - <propfirst> lennon"
"you cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you "
senior movie night anyone?  laugh 
shoutouts to <propfemale> marrero and <propfirst> evans for putting in overtime to make sure the senior movie night turned out well  looking forward to the next activity!  laugh 
"defeat may test you; it need not stop you  if at first you don't succeed, try another way  for every obstacle there is a solution  nothing in the world can take the place of persistence  the greatest mistake is giving up "
"ugh, can't sleep > annoyed   "
"i have a diesel ass headache and my body is sore, fml worst saturday morning ever "
needs letters of recommendation     >_____>
lunar eclipse today  laugh 
"so i'm eating at t g i friday's when the waiter accidentally throws out my moms coupon while she's taking the appetizers out, good shit!"
"if you want to be liked, don't try to be right all the time "
"the brave one may not live forever, but the cautious one will never live at all "
why the hell is everyone so god damn inconsiderate and selfish lately?
has an xbox!  laugh 
omfg indecisive children and stores are the worst combination ever 
<propfemale> christmas fb!!!  laugh 
there comes a time where you realize that you shouldn't be nice to people who don't deserve it 
"a person is not selfish for pursuing their own good, but for ignoring their neighbor's "
"man i was not ready for school today, bored and tired  annoyed "
only dead fish swim with the stream 
"man, some people just don't know what they want -_-  "
crappy morning  annoyed 
ugh > annoyed 
it is always better to keep someone from falling than to help them up 
"sucessfully made pizza rolls in the oven, one step closer to not being a bum!"
pandora radio is the best thing to ever happen to music since mp3 players 
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
the time to relax is when you don't have time for it 
tired of people talking about things that aren't their place to discuss  you don't even know me yet you have the audacity to judge me? good shit 
"you know it's a shame how people who try to do the right thing have to overcome the largest amount of adversity  they say <propfemale> is a bitch for people who take the easy way out but it never truly compares to the blood, sweat, hard work, self-doubt, and internal strife that the others have to overcome to get to success "
downloading tons of music  laugh 
bored -_-
"i swear it's a conspiracy theory, the patriots do this shit on purpose lol "
beginning work on my first music cd review!  laugh 
can't sleep >_> looks like a night of working on my album review and futurama for me!
<propfemale> rule to giving advice: practice what you preach
"irritable and pensive, good combo!"
"watching survivor man, should really be getting to sleep but w e lol"
is in a serious mood for some competitive fighting games 
good god why am i still up -_-
"good character is more deserving of praise than outstanding talent  most talents are to some extent a gift  good character, however, is not given to us  we have to build it by thought, choice, courage and determination "
well if there's anything you can count on with my family it's that there definitely isn't a shortage of drama 
man i hope there's no school tomorrow because i got no sleep otherwise lol
is today an a day or a b day?
man this week has pretty much ruined my sleep schedule > annoyed 
"maturity has nothing to do with age, but with the company you keep and i've had one of the best groups anyone could ask"
"do we have school or not? because wfsb com says: \\\hartford schools\",ecb210956f425fcec468c71cd940693d,"damn man, mvc3 in a week, gets my blood boiling!"
 joyful  hahahahahahahahahahaha <propmale>! what now?! xoxo brat~
"playing mvc3 and i must admit, it is fan-fucking-tastic "
home is where the heart is 
wants to play mvc3 tonight  annoyed 
if  i have my headphones on with music playing why the hell would you try to initiate a conversation with me? -_-
running out of space on my zune  crying 
you're the reason i can't forget this season 
"man, if there's one thing i love about being puerto rican, it's the food lol "
"sometimes, i don't even know why i bother "
"just saw that cats don't dance is on netflix  holy shit, nostaglia warrants a watch before guitar practice!"
"has the new dance <propmale> dance and yes, it is sort-of auto pilot  but i'll be damned if it isn't a great listen so far "
"after 9 hours of cleaning packing, i'm in my new house!"
*sigh* today's gonna be a long day     annoyed 
"has a headache and a sore throat, this better not turn into anything worse >_>"
sometimes you just gotta wonder how life would be if you took the other road 
"life's real failure is when you don't realize how close you were to success when you gave up, so take everything that blows up in your face in stride because then you'll really know what success feels like "
guess who's gonna be a blue devil next year? got accepted to ccsu!
music speaks where words fail 
the funny thing about life is sometimes we are held back by the opinions of people who do not have the ability to do what you want to do  food for thought 
"feeling really sick today, i can't even take a nap because of how much my body aches  annoyed "
originality is a by-product of sincerity 
got the new between the buried and me ep!  laugh 
finally getting down to business and learning some serious music theory!  laugh 
"man, writer's block is such a pain in the ass  > annoyed "
gool luck to our hphs women's softball team today! i couldn't stay for the whole thing but win or lose i'm proud of you guys!
don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be 
finally peace and quiet in the house  time for guitar practice!  laugh 
"music is the best, because no matter what goes on in the day; my music is something no one can take from me "
i'm hungry but i don't wanna make anything     t_t this is gonna be a long night 
"defeat may test you; it need not stop you  if at first you don't succeed, try another way  for every obstacle there is a solution  nothing in the world can take the place of persistence  the greatest mistake is giving up "
megadeth is going to the mayhem festival this year!!  laugh  but the rest of the line-up is ass >_>
anyone that's a fan of post-hardcore music or anything of the sort definitely needs to check out up and coming band i found the killer   their first teaser song features the awesome <propfirst> schmiedel on guest vocals and it sounds great 
why am i up -____-
"excellence is never an accident  it's always the result of high intentions, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution; it represents the wise choice over many alternatives "
anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening 
"it's amazing how first impressions can shape so many different interpretations of the same person  with that said, i wouldn't worry about people who don't like you because they've never seen you at your best and they don't deserve the <propmale> in turn "
    > annoyed 
be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
can't deal with constant negativity  some people just need to learn how to look at the bright side of things for a change 
the road to evil is paved with good intentions 
"all too often do we underestimate the power of a hug, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, or even the smallest act of caring; all of which have the possibility to turn a day around "
"music speaks what cannot be e playful ressed, soothes the mind and gives it rest, mends the heart and makes it whole, flows from sound into the soul "
for anyone who has not gotten the memo; word around the street is that osama bin laden has passed away  this year is shaping up to be one of the most important of the decade already 
okay i'm done before this keeps me up all night lol  can't wait for the stupid things people will have to say tomorrow!
wish the government could not work so shadily most of the time  sort of fires up the idealist in me to try and change things 
should a dream happen to fall and break into a thousand pieces; don't be afraid to pick up a piece and start anew 
the little things that kill you make you glad to be alive 
my arms are going to feel like jello tomorrow -_-
"so yeah that obama video thing isn't legit guys, stop it please "
today is just not my day 
how do you e playful ect to solve the problems of others when you can't even fix your own?
"couldn't sleep at all, it's too hot in here -___- fml "
no one can ruin your day without your permission 
"nothing in this world can take the place of persistence  talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent  genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb  education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts  persistence and determination alone are omnipotent  the slogan \press on\"" has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race """
 annoyed 
"damned if you do, damned if you don't "
"finding true friends amidst all the chaos of growing up as people can be incredibly hard  but when you're fortunate to find a few, keep them as close to you as possible because there's no greater bond than that of friendship "
"no matter what, you're all going to turn on me anyway  there's no point in fighting a battle i can't win  i need to get away from all this because certain people are leading me down a path i can't afford to be on "
nothing like a fight to bring out the worst in people  it's easy to see the how much of an act they put on but they're just as uncivilized as the rest of them 
real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out 
"that priest must be pretty anxious that he's about 9 hours away from looking like the world's biggest idiot  on that note, good morning  laugh "
"when one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us "
"?the truth hurts, but denial’s what will kill you \all that you loved, all that you treasure, will pass with time \blinded by the inability to see beyond flesh and blood ?"
"fuck waiting, when you aren't going after what you want someone else is working hard to take it away from you "
it's crazy how people who say they're your friends can act quite the contrary  guess it's all apart of growing up but damn it doesn't make it suck any less 
so am i the only one who thinks e3 has been total ass so far?
"the <propfemale> of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly smile nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when he discovers that someone else believes in him and is willing to trust him "
"finally got home from a fantastic day with some of the best friends anyone could ask for  class of 2011 we're just getting fucking started, onto college!"
"hahahahaha, i will write while your away from keyboard~ love  love you tim~!! love "
out to eat with the fam  real talk i'm proud of all the people who worked to make something of themselves  class of 2011 i fuckin love you guys!
you'll find yourself more real friends if you just do you instead of catering to what some nobody wants you to be 
never felt so empty in my life  annoyed 
don’t walk in front of me; i may not follow  don’t walk behind me; i may not lead  just walk beside me and be my friend 
"life is without meaning \you bring the meaning to it \the meaning of life is whatever you want it to be \being alive is the meaning "
to have become a deeper person is the privilege of those who have suffered 
"when justice takes a backseat to laws, rules, and regulations; it's a sad day indeed "
sometimes in tragedy we find our life's purpose - the eye sheds a tear to find its focus 
need to restring my guitar -_- fml
"the difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter "
"we can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation  it's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path "
"i would much rather have regrets about not doing what people said, than regretting not doing what my heart led me to and wondering what life had been like if i'd just been myself "
taught myself how to make pancakes this morning  awww yeah  laugh 
"the truth shall set you free, but not before it makes you angry "
what you are doing is not nearly as important as how you feel about what you are doing 
real talk i've been hearing some stuff and i'm really close to cutting off contacts with a few people because i don't have time for some of this fucking silly shit  you'd think they were still in middle school 
"took a quick tour of the ccsu campus with my room mate, now just taking a break and relaxing for class tomorrow!"
don't give up  there are too many nay-sayers out there who will try to discourage you  don't listen to them  the only one who can make you give up is yourself 
"periphery and dream theater  just got announced for a special tour date in albany october 15th!!! so fucking excited, gonna get tickets asap!"
"don’t ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive  and then go and do that  because what the world needs is people who are alive "
"nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy "
"it's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not "
"there comes a point in your life when you realize who matters, who never did, who won’t anymore, and who always will  so don’t worry about people from your past, there’s a reason why they didn’t make it to your future "
"gonna chill by myself for a while, clear things up a bit "
"never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it "
"tough times never last, but tough people do "
"to be nobody but yourself in a world that's doing its best to make you somebody else, is to fight the hardest battle you are ever going to fight "
