4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac8d9f
2010 not long till the end 
tryin' to get out this hole
hellevangelists  show in philly july 25th  more info tba
is gonna move to the city and never see <propfemale> ugly faces again
i need everybody's <propfirst> because in a few days i will no longer have a computer or internet access
trying to figure out detail on the upcoming hellevangelists (my bands) show in philly on the 25th  stay tuned for details
"the hellevangelists will be playing in philly on the 25th  a warehouse has been found  the address will be posted whenever i find out what it is, and get to some interwebs "
"philly show date changed or something    just look out for some <propmale> show called \carousel\"" or some shit  peace"""
goin' to philly in 6 days  prepare for hell to be raised 
"what am i thankful for? <propmale> <propmale>, <propfirst> wal, lockheed <propfirst>, etc, etc "
"team destruction '09 asap lets fuck some shit up, brah "
"new year is starting off all right  <propmale> headaches, but still alright "
"earlier i saw a picture from last night with my back from a distance    now i cannot find it, and it makes me a bit unhappy "
agh gad shits fucking whaoh yeah 
dude    my plans today just got fucked 
internets whoah
happy corperate lovemush guilt trip day!
"i, for one, believe that the new trojan condom technology has advanced far beyond the oncomfortable chokehold it once was  god bless <propfemale> "
ps  typo lol
happy marijuana enthusiast day  i will celebrate by doing exactly what i would any other day  wow 
theres no way that many peoples birthdays are on thursday  facebook is a liar 
die!
awful wakedness  damn this world 
"i wish anarchists didnt piss me off so bad, because sometimes its so goddamn appealing "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pctplsbkfpy
i have a revelens shirt   the one with the chicken    zombie chicken    adult large  trying to sell trade 
"i was hungry, but then i ate two bites of food and i think i might throw up  is i gonna die?"
"dollar taco's, affordable sunglasses, drunk girls on the bus  i swear if a couple girls flash their tits and i get a good karaoke night in and my vacation will be complete "
50 cent wings at hooters  time to chow the fuck down 
and now i wonder what i'm doing here?
i'm gonna send her a smiley face  bitches love smiley faces 
"just got my hand all scratched the fuck up for breaking up a cat fight \\not even girls, real fucking cats    some gay shit "
cleaned and restrung my guitar  looks sounds good 
feeling pretty lonely right now   
this smiley face on my arm is killing me   almost thinking of cutting it off   
fucking fuck shit fuck
what should i do right now? i have no idea 
"my fingers are blistering, and i think i'm developing carpal tunnel, but i cant stop rocking out for the life of me "
"hah, now there's a stinkbug infestation eating crops  the insects are taking over "
leaving baltimore tomorrow  whats going on for free tonight?
"back in southern md for just a few hours, already miss the city "
football and pizza all day   fuck yeh 
"ahhh shit, bored in bowie "
"i have had the most productive weekend i've had in a very long time \\ps  my band is going to kick your bands ass "
what do 4 out of 5 people agree on?
totally played an open mic last night  totally slaughtered my own song hahahah 
of all the things i've lost    my mind i miss the least 
cant sleep  thinking too much to settle  fuck me 
fuck everything fuck you
who wants to fight?
"how is it that i've been playing this song on guitar for weeks, and now i cant do it at fucking all"
its mine    its all mine!
beautiful day  slight chill reminds me how much i love the fall 
"eat  it  bitch \\its delicious "
"today i'll be looking at the <propfemale> studio's school of applied recording arts and sciences \\should be some damn good times "
should i go to annapolis for karaoke tonight?
"off to annapolis for karaoke, yelling at yuppies, and intercourse with inanimate objects "
"oh god dammit alcohol, stop kicking my ass "
getting free weed and not having anyone to smoke it with    kind of sucks 
so much shit to study  so much work to be done 
gad dammit i miss going to shows 
school today! and i have no idea what i just read two chapters of   
got a new book at school today and its fucking huge    how am i supposed to read all of this shit?
"whoo! rockville, md from 7-11  i wont even be able to hit the bar before i have to head home "
"what to you call a rock musician without a girlfriend?\\homeless "
who in dc wants to <propfemale> for a minute when i get out of class at 6 surprise 0?
i miss some things  a lot 
ahhhhh! no more cigarettes!
double cheese bacon sucker!
i think my drummer stayed up all night   now he's asleep when we should be practicing    what gives?
"egh, repetition "
"i thought i finally forgot about some shit, then i couldn't help but think about it all day today \\ahhhh get outta my head!"
tonight i get to learn a little bit about copyright laws 
where the fuck is a lifeguard? some assholes need to get kicked out of the <propfirst> pool 
i think i bit off more than i can chew 
school work is giving me an anxiety attack  go me!
"    nobody wants to be friends with someone else's girl, someone else's now  i woke up in someone else's arms, but i was dreaming of you  i woke up in someone else's bed, but i was dreaming of you "
"snake house for 3 punk bands or getdown for punk, and funk?  i'm too indecisive "
"savage badger vag's or shelter shock?  the mighty heard or <propfemale> sue?\\hahah still haven't made up my mind "
why are drummers late?  because they make their own time 
keg party tonight! partypartypartypartypartypartypartyparty!!!!
"there's nothing left of me, i'm alone again on halloween  the evening just comes and goes, and there's no one left for me to hold "
forgot my camera last night loldurr
hard to have an eventful halloween with a missing phone and a wrecked car 
lost my phone! need everyones <propfirst>!
"seriously, people  give me your phone <propfirst>  i lost my phone on saturday "
midnight baconator
i miss baltimore    mmmmyepthatsit 
sleeping pills do not work for me 
wake up early time to do work 
<propfemale> carbombs bitchez!!!!
"i feel like a complete asshole sometimes worrying about people   \\if you know i'm talking about you, please let me know you got home okay \\i feel bad just leaving you, even though thats what you told us to do \\god dammit "
<propmale> the fuck over 
"\i'm sorry about flipping that bus man  next time we're drinkin' you should drive\""\",4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac laugh 9f,whats going on in baltimore in the next few weekends?
"why is it i wake up to my mom freaking out that i'm \unresponsive\""?\",4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac laugh 9f,exam tomorrow! i hope the part about signal processing doesn't kill me 
you gotta take life cereally
passed my exam yesterday  not doing alot today 
"whats going on, on this fine saturday?"
how does one tell somebody what they probably dont want to hear?
i have no idea what to do with my sunday 
"two classes today! 2-6 then 7-11!\\fuck yeah midnight metro!"
it's been a looong fucking day 
about to head out for the school thing  someone should call me around 6 surprise 0 when i get out    chillage and shtuff 
"i know have a slight understanding of you midi synthesis works   i can make bad club songs now \\feel jealous, bitches "
"i caught a stinkbug in an empty beer  this morning it was dead in the little ring of beer on the bottom \\those bitches can't hold their booze "
i think my brain e playful loded last night 
"i have dreams  you should get some too, cunt "
"full moon: now going to the graveyard with a guitar and  shovel \\dead serious \\heheh get it?"
writing resumes fucking sucks 
eh    bothered 
knobs and buttons and shit 
"looking for a guitarist willing to learn the songs i've been writing and make them better  i'll probably just play rythm or switch to bass \\its rock and roll    i guess punk, and we usually practice in bowie "
who can get me a ride to baltimore on friday?
happy thanksgiving! rape an injun!
"thanksgiving dinner? nah, rather sit home alone and surf the net \\ballin'"
watching troma's war
whats going on tonight? something free-ish?
"trying to do something t'now!\\call me faggots "
this take home exam is a bit tougher than they led me on to believe 
"i have officially retired from smoking weed before going out in public \\i get waaay too boring "
"it's alright, i'll be at the bar like i always am  thinking of you, and how much better it is to be here with my friend, the assholes, the drunks, the whores just like myself  i'm and the bar, there ain't a goddamn thing you're gonna do about it now "
"oh my dear, i cut her up "
time to start a new full schedule of shtuff 
i haven't been able to work on my band in weeks  this disturbs me 
"crack! snap! clatter! etc! you smell that pig, hun? don't you giggle you oozing zit! you'll be gone in the morning    count your blessings, sugar  you won't have them forever  two, three, four times the flurry? but why do you hurry? another one bites the bacon  p i g!!! squeal "
"whats that in the window? what is it? a pair of empty eyes staring right at me    it turns its head when i do, and when i look again they dart back    must be cold out there, in that chilly wind \\where did they come from? what are they looking for? and for god' sake, do they have a soul? good lord, they must be cold   \weary, tired eyes    like those of a broken man  do they know me?"
hey guitarists! who wants to play lead in my totally awesome punk rock n' roll band?
"still looking for a lead guitarist \\anyone at all interested? am i wasting my time posting this all the time?"
somebody should hit me up after 6 surprise 0 and we can go get some beers or something 
"oh god, the hangover "
some weird ass shit going on these days 
fuck being sick  and fuck waking up an entire day later than going to bed 
"jesus christ stop posting every hour, my news feed is five of your pointless comments in a row \\and to the rest of yeh, die  hah "
whos trying to drive me to a bar and have a drink or two with me?
"pint of guinness, 40oz of old english, tall can of yuengling lager   \    one man \if this doesn't get me there, i'll have to start drinking <propfemale> "
and when i'm near to you i dont want nobody else!  'cause i'm so in love with myself!
somebody help me get beer 
"fuck christmas cheer, drink some beer!"
saturday night spent recording some band    it was supposed to be miss'fits but they didn't show and sent replacements 
band practice    i guess?
i wish i knew of a better website to watch tv on than hulu 
"metro people: stop pushing into the car when people are still exiting, and dont stop when you get two feet inside  theres a recording that plays every time the doors open, and theres more important things than you "
duh-pressed 
i have no school tomorrow    wat i do?
whos trying to <propfemale> and have a few brews?
"we love living in a dead scene  we love hating your pretty shit  you dont like us, but we're already use to it "
"be careful what you think, be careful what you say, it might be used against you in court one day "
"of all the things i'd like to say, theres really no way to say it "
the girls in suburbia are so fucking weird 
the lunar eclipse was gorgeous 
"i've spent so much time working all this out, and there's still something missing   \\oh well    i gotta get ready for school "
"dear girl, why did you not talk to me on the metro then give me your number when we got off the train? and what the hell am i suppose to say if i call you? way to confuse a guy "
passed both my exams today    got midi in the morning    i don't think i'm gonna go 
who wants to <propfemale>? call me fuckers 
"somebody come over and pick me up  bar or something, i dont care "
drank 
"rock and roll!\\guitar wolf, brudder "
"i have this dream where a group of hot punk rock chicks all attack me and chop me up into pieces and eat my chopped up pieces    its pretty fucking cool, if you ask me   now to decide between waking up or going back to sleep   "
is death the final high?
goodburger on abc family 
"weekend of alcohol abuse and bad decisions has finally come to an end    but at what cost?\\sorry <propmale> "
bored as hell  somebody talk to me 
woke up feeling really fucking odd  wondering how this will effect my day 
i'm starting to consider where i might move to next  anyone suggest an area with a good punk scene?
"wake up feeling wierd, day 2 "
some days i just don't know what i really need 
"if anyone in baltimore is going to the sidebar tomorrow night, me and <propfirst> are looking for a place to crash out there  so hit me up and lets party \\mah <propfirst> 301-653-6049"
still trying to find out    who at the sidebar show can give me and <propfirst> a place to crash?
"2011, forget about heaven \\saying goodbye to one of the best and worse years of my life "
"fuck yeah, keeping my phone off  being in contact with people is for suckers, anyways "
ugh    not ready to do this school thing again 
long day  really tired  now my cats fucking with me 
flying dog k-9 cruiser? winter seasonal? yes ma'am 
"ever pass out taking a shit? i like to call it \king for a day\"""""
my biggest problem with what we do is secret: <propfirst> west speaks entirely too clear and sober to be <propfemale> crash 
"why the hell does everyone else have 100+ pictures from new years when i have none? i like trying to remember stuff too, dammit!"
"this thing    i need to do    time is running out dammit!\\    i want more than a five year plan "
whoo! school! totally not getting home till morning! shits so gay 
got out of school early  now wat do?
what the fuck happened to punk music?
"get real, faggots "
"i don't think i've ever had breakfast this early in the morning, ever   now i get to ride the metro and do some gay midi shit "
"started shit with so many people at hard rock  apparently people don't like being called faggots  hahah, fuck them "
"ugh, i don't feel like being awake at all "
"you're killing me, and you don't even know it "
"this is fucking retarded, and i feel like i'm wasting my time  \\angry "
well damn    i gotta figure out what to do next 
"its amazing how dreams can be so different from one anothr from night to night, while being about the same thing over and over \\i'm not even sure i'm awake now "
uuuugh    school 
"attention! giving up american rights for a false sense of security is wrong! refuse random bag searches, for fuck sake  be a fucking american\\i get lots of shit  <propfemale> me "
"to all my supposed \friends\"" who actually loves me?\",4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac laugh 9f,"so easy to say you're a certain kind of person, harder to really be that person  still, some people become so shocking when you find out what they really are "
"well fuck me in the throat, i think my weekend is gonna be wasted on tv and oversleeping "
i just found out that flea played bass for 9 of the songs on the mars volta's de-loused album  mind = totally blown 
i just wanna fuck on the floor and break shit!
i'm so bored    wtf  wheres beer?
wtf is an ophiuchus?  whoever decided to add a new astrological sign should be beaten with a tire iron 
"god dammit  trying to sleep, but i cant get myself settled with this racket going on in my head "
new computer! time to music it up on this sweet piece of ass 
dammit i need more motorhead on my ipod 
"if you really didn't give a fuck, you wouldn't try to prove it so hard "
going to school and i feel like shit 
who want to fight?!
fuck yeah free <propfirst> thunders download 
"drunk  fuck you bitches  i'm starting to hate some of you, and i'm finally finding comfort in it \\    bitches "
what are people doing tonight?
what afucking boring saturday  someone hit my broke ass up 
yeah school recording project! i hope whoever we're recording is fucking rad 
midnight <propfirst> thunders jam 
hanging by the seagulls! hanging from the gallows! swinging in the breeze dripping something on the street!
"due to water main break, the water at my house is undrinkable \\i just now found this out, and have been drinking the tap water all day \\who wants to place bets on if i die or not?"
"oh chaos, you are the best alarm \\    aaaand i'm out "
no more nothing!
well fuck me  its fucking snowing again 
aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
"drinking isn't a solution to all of lifes problems    it is, however, a solution to sobriety "
fuuuck yooooo foghats 
"had a shower and changed out the pins in my ears  feels fuckin' good, man "
"i'm bored with wasting my weekends at home    wtf southern <propfemale>, why cant you learn how to party?"
mashed potatoes and corned beef hash    tater overload!
they're already making a <propfirst> beiber movie  i thought people usually waited for someone to die before they did that?
"holy fuck, i woke up early"
"school, then trying to get drunk  lets fuck some beers up  hit me up after 6 "
"just got home    thought this night class was tomorrow, nah, it was tonight   now i'm drinking wine  red fucking wine! theres no cold beer  i might cry "
"freezing rain last night, warm as shit today  my balls don't know where to go "
"slide! slide! put a little wiggle on it! yeah, i like dat "
lets get rowdy this weekend  whos down?
"fux yeah! waking up in 5 hours! love y'all, see you in hell "
"oh man, fuuuck mornings "
today was entirely too long 
"ugh, god  what an awful day "
whats the plan for the day?
"\thats one of the most ignorant things i ever heard\""-some dude\",4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac laugh 9f,"if you don't think that cowboys cry, then you've never heard a cowboy song "
anyone know whats going on with the deadpool movie? all i ca find are bad mock trailers
"egh, i dont wanna do what i gotta "
"ah, self-sabotauge takes place  have i screwed myself? have i learned my lesson? will this destroy me or just make me stronger? will i manage to have a drink before i pass out tomorrow?  the answers will show themselves when the time comes "
"i hope earth e playful lodes today, so i never have to see your ugly faces ever again  love y'all, have a good'n "
it makes <propfemale> <propmale> hard!
"i need some good news, or some nice words "
fucking ballsacks    time to ride the metro with a bunch of pissed off rude morning people   fuuuuck me 
anyone got some new rock n' roll? i'm getting tired of the same old shit 
who wants to <propfemale> out for a bit? i'm bored as fuck over here 
"who wants to play some rock and fucking roll with me?\looking for the band "
"\i love it when i'm telling myself lies \"""""
you suck 
i    dont even know where to start 
smoke bathsalts!
"whos trying to get together as a huge group one monday, get drunk, and beat up couples?"
"i know who i am, but who the fuck are you?"
trying to celebrate anti-valentines after school today  hit me up 'round 6 fuckers
"seeing so many people walking around with flowers, holding hands, has started to make my blood boil "
"slide guitar    so nasty, so good "
gorgeous day  lets hope it stays this way 
"awesome weather today  if y'all aren't going out, <propfemale> missing some good shit \\on a side note, just tried cloudbursting for the first time, took a fucking while but that shit works "
this day is slow as hell 
so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar   
fuck you! g'night 
i'm sick of walking to school in the fucking cold  i hate all of you  someone nuke the sun now 
keep talking 
drinking beer and listening to fear 
<propfirst> fucking thunders 
rocking annapolis tonight  paf motherfuckers!
last night was fun  drunk words are sober thoughts    i just so happen to like chicken sandwiches!
anything going on today? i might want to <propfemale> out in my lakeside mansion 
party at the mansion tonight!
its a b movie kind of day 
2 beers  tonight or tomorrow?
gotta git my protules shartification 
guinness is a good dinner 
"sleep, then school "
"home from school  the rest of my day will be devoted to writing and drinking cold beer  \\like a boss "
i have written a couple of the most badass songs ever    now wheres a band that can put some tunes to this shit?
going to school and then realizing out you don't have class is fun 
"you ever been doing something super fun until a voice pops in your head and says \dude    thats dumb\""\",4f01d654beb9137ef97531751dac laugh 9f,i miss the cracked city streets 
who's going to the screening of beetlejuice in baltimore tonight? i'm trying to go!
"so i ended up catching the end of the creepshow last night  and for some reason, i always assumed the singer would suck live, but she actually sounded uh-mazing  she's also super hot  would hit it \\on a side note: <propfemale>, learn how to wreck at psychobilly shows  this is embarrassing "
anyone remember when streetpunk was the shit? what happened?
"drink, gamble, and hump!"
fact: listening to the adolescents makes hair bleach work faster 
you fuckers 
jesus christ i'm bored! someone come over i'll give you a beer!
"\i'll never trust myself again\"""""
who wants to help me out with a ride to baltimore on saturday?
"ugh    dreams i had last night    duno if i should call them nightmares, or just plain bad  either way, waking up exhausted kinda sucks "
"alright! i'm about to start the advanced course at school, so this is whats about to happen: this weekend i'm going to rage hard as fuck, then after its over, none of you will be seeing me for the next three months  shits getting serious "
"sometimes, after hours of working with the wrong tools, it comes time to call the quits "
whats happenin' tonight?
i've felt like shit all day
why do i puke when i'm completely sober?
shut the fuck up  self-loathing is a dead scene anyways 
i need to figure out how to sleep at night without the risk of becoming an ambien zombie   insomnia's fucking my shit up 
i think you old people are really boring! and the only reason you don't understand our music is you don't like it!
man it would be so cool to be seeing the adicts show right about now  too bad i have school in the morning or i might be at the adicts show right about now    fuuuuuuuuuuu-
i wonder how it feels to become what you always said you hated?
"i don't believe friends is the best thing on tv right now \\i need something to do "
someone bring be a beer and some company  i'll totally pay you back 
anybody want a red futon? getting rid of mine 
gay fish
dude    i fucking rule 
"i played the wild zero drinking game last night, and i kicked its ass "
i just woke up from a sex dream involving one of my friends    don't know if i should be creeped out at myself or not 
"holy shit, i just got a real bed  i haven't had a bed in fucking forever "
just got a free cd from the strike out boys in the mail today  lets see if this fuckers know how to rock 
"about to drink my one beer and thaen i'm going to bed   god, i hate tuesday mornings "
soldering is fun 
about every 4 out of 5 people unknowingly have intestinal worms    just putting that out there 
"goodnight, fuckers "
we are impossibly strong 
