65740fa6d6387150e5908c126d77623a
first new years we've gone out having so much fun    happy new years to everyone and your family love an miss you papa bear!!
deegans birthday party today at 2pm !!
blah  annoyed 
hungry hungry hungry! ugh i need an exercise machine
i love the rain! yay
im so excited for afi this weekend!! i havent been to a show in forever
bored  annoyed 
im a twilight nerd!!  smile 
i forgot how nice it felt to have contacts
"ugh valentines day is coming    i see no point to it but over priced flowers that die, chocolates that make you fat or stuffed animals that lie around  it would mean more to me to do it on some random day then on a day when everybody celebrates it    "
had an awesome surprise valentines dinner on saturday!! it was the best (thanx baby  love )
i cant wait for sunday!! this week is going by too slow  annoyed  hurry up hurry up hurry up
woohoo    its my weekend!
thanx to everyone who said happy birthday    yea i know its like a month later but i dont have internet so ive been cut off from everyone
it does not feel like its wednesday already   but im really glad it is! spending the morning with my main man then off to work 
friday!! should i say more  smile 
baby free    i wanna have some fun tonight with my man  smile 
stuck at work and miserably bored!!
i just want a chill weekend  smile  wish i had a swimming pool!!
perfect day for swimmming    *sigh*
if your hurt your hurt onbviously theres nothing i can do or say now to change it
all this talk about fitness    wish i had the money to join a gym
off to work    yay! (not)
im bored! wish the baby was awake to play games with me lol
i feel like a movie night  smile 
just got my nails did for mothers day  smile  i love em thanx boys!
work is <propfemale> slow today    wish i was at home having fun with my boys!!
happy mothers day to all the moms!!!
is freaking good in bed    and can go for hours! sleep that is! get your mind out of the gutter   
i dont know why im still sitting in the garage cuz im sweating my a** off   
gonna spend some quality time with my man while the babys out with grandma  smile 
has a new job! i'm so excited! i start on monday at <propfemale> <propfirst> salon and spa come see me!
please tell me why ive been sick since monday when ive taken every medicine i have    i dont get it ugghh
my baby just bought me my new phone  smile  i love it! thanx baby
*yawn*i need a coffee
works slow and i so badly wish it wasnt   
its hot hot hot      !
mmmmmm bdubs
im ready to be off work wanna be at home with my boys
15 bucks lil man put that shit in my hand if that money doesnt show then you owe me owe me owe   
not a single walk in  sad  booo
how do they hire me one week then sell the place the next    dont think ill have this job anymore  sad 
awesome movie!!! cant wait to get it on blu <propfirst>
ugh pink eye really sucks  annoyed  my eyes are on fire   
i really miss our old house parties   
beer pong with <propmale> anm <propmale> ha ha yikes
iphones are the shot!
wow i just got the water cup poured on me    i wanna go to the bar yea shit i gotta work in the am
wow we win yet were the cheaters all boys are sore losers
tomorrow is gonna be one busy day hope it goes down with no problems
"4th of july party at our house!!    food, water slide, dj, beer pong, possible stunt show, fireworks (of course) come <propfemale> out everyone welcome 336-0876"
headin off to work runnin on 3 hours of sleep    ugh
work can't possibly get any slower than this   
wish i had a pool right now swimming sounds amazing   
swimming at ashleys    the water is perfect
not bad for a monday  smile  it's kinda nice
why can't everyone just be happy    the negativity emanates off people and is contagious
in lovin the green trees the fresh air and all the stars in the night sky    don't get any of that in vegas    miss my man the most!!!  sad 
i'm so hungry and i'm too broke to eat lunch uggh
buzzed and chillin  smile  what more could i ask for
"\i was born a shotgun in my hand\"""""
the end of the day cannot come fast enough
hate when my boy is sick it's so sad  sad 
wish i coulda gone swimming today  sad  boo hoo
had a good time tonight  smile  then work tomorrow ugh
i'm falling asleep at my station *yawn*
ahhhhhhhh i'm so bored help!!!
how can my wednesday be completely booked and now today it's all spread out ugh i just wanna be busy   
i am due for another ink session    badly i'm having withdrawals
kick ass was way better than i'd thot it would be hahaha
finally at home feels nice to relax after a nonstop night at work haha but atleast i'm finally busy
i need to hit megabucks and or the lottery haha don't we all have unreachable dreams   
i can't wait til winter    please hurry
i never thought i could feel this crappy    food poisoning sucks  sad 
monday nights at work at peaceful even when i'm busy the salon is so quiet
mmmmmm enchiladas i'm so hungry  smile 
tell me why i dreamt that there were angry ghosts in my sons bedroom  sad  sounds stupid but it scared the crap out of me
wow life just keeps shitting on us   
i'm addicted to <propmale> i can't stop watching it   
if you don't like the drama then why keep talking about it ugh
some joker thot he could race a 1000 ha ha what a loser yea we smoked him duh
had a blast tonight there were sone drunk a** people haha    wish all the loose and lady screws coulda been out with us maybe next time
i wanna go home   
2 more hours woo hoo then off work    then what to do on our baby free friday hmmmm
who ever is not here is lame this hit is priceless yea i'm drunk
"\i like it on the table\"""""
yea i'm gonna be miserable at work tomorrow
holy f i just met chum <propfirst> i feel so awesome right now yea i'm a nerd
up entirely too early  sad 
what a shitty friday  sad      i need a drink
wish i had a sitter tonight
watching caillou with my lil guy    he loves this show
i miss my deegan hope your feeling better baby
decided to do my halloween decorating early cuz i'm just too excited!!! i love this time of year!
wow it's nice outside i miss arkansas i wanna get out of vegas so bad
i wish it would rain til the end if the year!!! but then vegas would a lake
"not \angel\"" no more   """
just did the 3 mile breast cancer walk had a blast! lots of supporters! now off to work
"\ don't stop believing hold on to that feeling\"""""
yay broncos!! i wanna go to the tattoo convention
freezing my ass off at work brrrrrr   
can't get enough of this weather it's amazing
please be a busy day please be a busy day please please please   
"new fall special $599 gets you 200 extensions, cut , color and highlights!! available sunday, monday and tuesday at canyon falls salon and spa call (702) 541-6500"
please let something good come out of this horrible situation
yay i finally figured out what i want to be for halloween and i get to get my costume  smile 
omg i have ants in my pants and nothing to do gayness!!!
i am very spoiled lately  smile  i love it
you wouldn't have come at me like that if you were having a good day   
taking a girls hair from black to blonde ugh    haha atleast it's only the bottom half
a beautiful saturday morning and no reason to hate life!
happy birthday <propfirst> i love you hope your havin fun cuz i am  smile 
one more week till halloween  smile  yay!
"i hate when repressed memories surface, now i can't sleep    on the bright side halloweens in 6 days  smile "
yay sons is on  smile  i really hope they find <propmale> this time!
it's so damn nice outside   
kids cuts at 9 am ugh lol
watching buzz story (aka toy story) for the 100th time    only thing that he ever wants to do  smile 
"\ladies ladies ladies <propfirst> and silent <propmale> are in the hizzouse\"""""
the only one dressed up at work  smile  this kinda blows but i do stand out
soa is so aggravating    ugh
too early for my day off
after playing kinect i feel like i spent an hour at the gym    hope i'm not sore tomorrow but this may be my new workout
had an awesome saturday at work now i get to relax at home with my favoritest boys an my  besties coming over     smile 
chilling and drinking w the bestie  smile 
i never realized what all goes into buying a house    i'm in for a stressful ride
boredom will be the death of me
someones napping before his black ops addiction kicks in  wink 
anyone know of any receptionist or office  secretary jobs or anything i need a second job   
what to do    what to do    hmmmm the xbox is free  smile  finally my turn
mmmmmm i love everything bagels  smile 
omg noooooo! please tell me taras not dead  sad 
ok phew only 1 episode left   
i actually enjoy cleaning my house on my days off   
i have a nikon d40 camera for sale if anyones interested
why is everything decorated for christmas already we haven't even had thanksgiving yet    slow down i'm not ready
i love when my man asks me to play black ops with him  smile  makes me feel special!!  love 
busy day at work  smile  love it!!
one night he asks me to play with him the next i'm being ignored    lmao i love it
rockin out to trapt getting ready     smile 
at home alone    peaceful yet kinda scary cuz i'm never alone and now i don't know what to do haha
happy thanksgiving to everyone!!
i'm about to have a heart attack in line at old navy i'm tired and hungry but thankful i'm away from the wal-mart crazies    now i remember why i don't do this every year
tomatoe soup is so amazing on a cold day!!
the worst tummy ache ever  annoyed 
i feel like crap  annoyed  my head hurts my tummy hurts and now my skin hurts    i think i'm getting sick
i think my lil man is sick now too he keeps coughing  annoyed      i hate feeling helpless when he's sick
slow monday     and i can't stop yawning    
of course the day it's the coldest i forget my big fluffy coat
"if <propfemale> was real buying gifts for people wouldn't be so difficult, he could just take care of it for me  smile "
my poor baby is sick he sounds so awful cuz he's so congested  sad 
omg father in law got me a papasan chair    love it!
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night !!
wow easy a was funnier then i thot it would be    <propfemale> is so pretty
great day! awesome week! wonderful family! and my 2 boys i love the most make me the happiest person alive!!
woo hoo night out just me and my man!!
deegans birthday party!! sunday january 2nd 2011 at 2pm everyones welcome to come kids or no kids  smile 
thanx to everyone who came today deegan had such a good time!!
my babys cookin me ribs at 11 smile 0 at night  smile  i love him!!
i love wing stops fries   
no show client    grrr
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons make people fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! (reposted from another friend's status message  feel free to do the same )"
<propfirst> jett got me going this morning    thank you ms  jett  smile 
go packers go! woo hoo
my son is 2 yrs old and just took the trash out for me haha the cutest thing ever!!
coffee is just what i needed right now    mmmm
now my son tells me he put his sippy cup in the fridge to keep it cold haha that cannot be a 2 yr olds way of thinking
i try so hard to stay optimistic about everything   but it's wearing me out
greenbay!!!!
it is quite chilly out today
"i miss the days when you couldn't wait to go buy the new cd of your favorite band, and you play it over and over til you get sick of it, and you would <propfemale> the album <propmale> on your bedroom wall    (sigh) now you just go to itunes and click buy"
"<propmale> has been singing <propmale> johns \tiny dancer\"" for 2 days straight and now i can't get it outta my head lol"""
i don't know what'd i'd do without my boys  love 
i can't stop thinking about the dress i found and i wanna get it to wear on my bday
i'm in an 80's kind of mood today  smile 
i officially don't have a car ugh  sad 
i have thee best guy in the whole world!!! (that's a fact)  smile 
i get so bored when my baby sleeps he makes the long day so much fun!! i really wish ups would hurry and deliver the package i need to get my car fixed tonight grr
i can't decide where to go for my bday tomorrow  annoyed  help   
why do i have to feel like crap tonight  sad 
even tho dayquil says non-drowsy it never fails that i'm dozing off after i take it no bueno for work
come <propfemale> out with me on my bday!!
omg awesome bday !!!!!! we walked fremont while it snowed amaaaazing!! i'm completely frozen tho thanx to everyone who came or should i say <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> and karsten  xoxo
thanx everyone for the birthday wishes!!!  smile 
grandma charie and deegan brought me balloons and flowers at work  smile  love you both
i really jacked up my wrist it's killing me  annoyed  fack
ok so i have a fever of 103 is that bad?
i would give anything to not be sick anymore  annoyed 
time to put on my happy pants and revisit the world    this sickness drained everything from me
got to meet bijou <propfemale> in line buying an ipad she's so awesome and so nice     excuse my hideous face
what a beautiful day outside   
watching sister wives    i'm drawn to it cuz i just don't get it! isn't polygamy against the law?
our fish just died    r i p <propmale> <propfirst>  sad 
ok flogging <propfemale> was awesome!!!!!!
anybody know of anyone hiring   
rip <propfirst> pugh you will be missed !
workin the front desk today    feels weird but i like it
" love  i cant believe it been 2 yrs    to the sister i never really got to know, we all miss you rip <propfemale> <propfirst>"
shorts and tank top weather! gosh what a beautiful day! life got me down for awhile but i'm back up on top  smile 
please let my car pass!! oh why oh why did i have to <propfirst> up my car lol i still feel stupid about it
so ecstatic the garage is amazingly clean!! what a productive day  smile 
