eec9a1d52a58f4bb147254c8d81a4092
"is finally really hungry for fourthmeal, but not a single taco <propfemale> is open  all hype it is "
need   new   space shuttles      what's wrong with you people?!
took some pretty nice pictures of sacramento  have a look if you will 
"\which media celebrity should run for the senate next?\"" <propfemale> says it should be <propfirst> <propmale> """
a very happy canada day to all 
apparently was approved for his credit card because he now magically has a credit account 
is activating his credit card 
"is pleasantly surprised by the combinations created by itunes genius  also, enjoys always having everything controlled "
's ipod is dead 
would like to start a local game of assassin but realizes he probably waited too long 
hey! anyone up to go to sebastopol on friday for some obscure music?
"hey, remember that thing i said? ignore it   21+      bummer   "
cannot think of a good status 
's mom is having a graduation college party for him tonight around 5 surprise 0  stop by if you'd like 
got his replacement ipod 
needs to work more so his time will be used wisely 
"'s parents have friends over, yet he cannot find anyone to do something  feels lame "
is enjoying playing pokémon just like he did back in elementary school 
was unimpressed by his local wells fargo branch's customer service 
may receive a free ipod from the university of toronto 
the tree that looked like slavic fire is gone 
was asked by a stranger if he smoked dank tonight 
everybody's doing it; last day in roseville    yes!
is now in college 
now understands why <propfemale> was never on facebook 
is ready to face zifu zhao and the mysteries of chinese 
is thinking of going to outside lands in san <propfirst> this sunday 
enjoyed district 9 
hopes to get fees waived this mid-september 
"can't wait for some human interaction this weekend  by the way, <propfemale> are you sick or what? let's talk about it where everyone can see "
new project  make my cell walls thinner so i can live forever  forever   
"an objectivist, a nihilist and a catholic walk into a classroom   "
"does not enjoy aplia assignments or \reflections\""  i thought busy work ended in college """
is very upset with himself for leaving all these aplia assignments until last minute 
wonders if anyone else's university is this obsessed with inefficient and ineffective green technology 
"dear tea parties, way to look way stupider than those you call stupid  a pigeon can shout the same word over and over when confronted with any stimuli too  a pigeon    "
finished his book 
"'s \homework\"" is apparently not due until the 25th now  nice """
simply cannot make himself write this essay 
"started that essay! essay, prepare to be defeated!"
"likes how time quoted the duststorm making syndey's skyline orange as a \spectacular\"" photo opportunity but published no such pictures """
needs his tv at 7 or 8 p m  amazing race time!
wants reality back in schools 
's core lecture wasn't awful today!
stripperella is on network tv again! i'm so excited!
really enjoys when music syncs up with where how you're driving 
really has to stop this whole leaving an assignment to eight hours before the due date thing 
is so close to finishing this thing  and four hours early!
got some awesome fall food from his family (ignore the atrocious alliteration) 
just pictured whoopi goldberg as a serial killer  why hasn't anyone cast her in that role already?!
just remembered the blackberries he just bought at costco and is so excited about them 
"just so you know, writes epic essays "
really needs a lite-brite 
"\the persian gulf isn't even a country?\"" why isn't geography a mandatory part of american education?"""
just realized that if he lived in australia he would listen to land down under by men at work every day during his commute 
what the fuck? applied for a job at 1:47 a m and got an e-mail less than 12 hours later requesting n interview  score!
is pretty sure coffee made him more tired today 
has so much to say in class tomorrow  will better not start talking and ruin my motivation again 
needs food 
??????
the complicated starbucks via packaging makes me feel like i'm doing the fanciest drugs ever 
people who don't vote for unicorn peak don't care about posterity 
says that you should all see paranormal activity  especially <propfirst> carbajal  do it <propfirst> 
"from <propfemale> hill  \the fact is that men do not live in lifeboats - and that a lifeboat is not the place on which to base one's metaphysics \"""""
"just found several dollar <propmale>s, and a five dollar <propmale> in his book about poverty  thank you previous owner "
it's just not a 10+ <propfemale> paper without a coffee stain 
now has a vendetta against deceptive chicken 
doesn't know whether to be happy or irritated that he woke up for a class that was canceled 
is about to write the worst essay ever  thanks for the wonderful prompts 
happy mass-texting day!
just realized he thought that there were no women taxi cab drivers 
thinks this is the first essay he has ever begun before the night before it is due 
"knows that tonight is not the night for loud music and reading ayn rand essays, but is doing it anyway  good decision "
"watch good morning <propfemale> tomorrow morning, live from san <propfirst>  i will be there  reason enough "
's essay is made that much more complicated by the fact that his sources cannot have a common author 
was offered font options on his essay  arial made the whole thing jump about six lines further  guess what font i'll be using?
"found a swat kats episode, along with about eight are you afraid of the dark episodes on his ipod  who knew my ipod was that awesome?"
is getting jittery after being awake for sixteen hours on three hours of sleep  bad sign? hell no 
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, joleeeene! i'm beggin of you please don't take my man!"
the things i do as procrastination aren't as fun when they're not used for procrastination   
totally dropped political science  oh yeah!
two words: lite-brite shotgun 
this is my final opportunity to procrastinate  i'm going to do it right and make it the best procrastination ever 
"defeated his final essay, eloquently i might add  here's hoping the 2000 was a suggestion and not a word limit or i'm a few hundred words over   "
"got a free swine flu vaccine today  when an innoculation is the day's highlight, fun day   "
amphioctopus marginatus  i told you cephalopods were next in line 
is watching the nanny 
"fellow students, here's hoping none of you ever get qualls for writing "
should really watch <propfemale> 
what the fuck? am i just discovering sporcle as a procrastination tool?
roasted duck curry! how i love thee!
"wonders why everyone's busy today  come on people, it's not even a holiday!"
finished the fountainhead 
's dog is having bad dreams 
new car battery = e playful ensive 
finished his homework 
why is my textbook a canadian edition?
finds this wind and his inability to walk through it hilarious 
may have just eaten straight up monosodium glutamate (msg) with a bit of chicken flavor 
<propfemale>'s chile relleno burrito  excellent decision 
hates lukewarm showers!
went out and got a dormfish  he's red and epic 
uvulitis is really annoying 
why did you stay up so late? nanny marathon 
amazing race! yes!
the pokémon theme song makes writing any essay that much more epic 
man cannot survive in a 'you had to be there' world 
sorry if i sent you some random notification about me answering questions 
e playful letive of the day: horse nipples 
is ready to tell a story about a magic fish for his chinese midterm 
"well, there goes my two year streak of not throwing up   "
a- on my midterm grades? fucking disappointed in myself   
who else is in roseville for spring break this week?
since when is it a bad thing to be western? since when is the united states equal to western europe to be lumped in as western?
"check for $13 00 from the state of california, now all my dreams can come true "
in the english countryside many prostitutes decorate their rooms with festive gourds   it's a good thing 
if i donate to the aspca will they stop punishing me with <propfemale> mclachlan and pictures of sad dogs? i will pay you to stop advertising!!
???? ? ?????? ???? ?????
some kind of protest forming outside my window 
"dear essay i once again left to the night before, please die  love, <propfirst>"
"being blind must suck    you can hear <propfemale> <propfirst>'s awful voice, but can never laugh at her awful body    "
"are any of you people dentists or oral hygienists, at least in training?"
hah! essay destroyed with negative six minutes to spare!
forgot how annoying his roommate was after four blissful days without   
"easy, but excruciatingly long, final tomorrow  what sadist uses the full three hours allotted for their final exam?"
"????????????????????\i have my japanese final tomorrow, and then i am done!"
<propfemale>? on tv? it's like 1997 all over again 
jury duty tomorrow at 8 smile 0 am and in auburn  damnit   
"my theory about <propfemale> ray: she's a spacebeast with a taste for human flesh  she's working to fatten the world, one american middle class family at a time  \i'm certainly not going to stop her, her food is amazing  have you guys made any of this stuff? you totally should "
starlings  probably one of the lamest animals to be attacked by  definitely more awkward than anything else 
<propfirst> cera ? <propfirst> pilgrim 
"after nearly ten years, finally beat the jurassic park game at <propmale> e  cheese  thanks <propfirst> carbajal  "
ready to start my 5:45 a m  shift at work! wooo!
"songs stuck in my head today:   kid gloves - voxtrot, singing in my sleep - semisonic and prayer without words = <propfirst> gauthier  listen to them!"
grafts and frenectomies are not particularly fun  not fun at all 
"watt avenue, the only good thing about you is the <propmale>'s  more a parking lot than an avenue really "
hi im <propfirst> and im the smartest guy on the face of this earth   smile 
talking sexy about <propfemale> <propfemale> i  awwww yeeeaaah 
i'm in love with <propfirst> huang's asshole
professional test destroyer  50 50 and 20 20 
"uc merced, thank you so much for having the worst financial aid staff in the whole damn world  kudos  great job  it's great to receive impending eviction notices at 5 surprise 0 pm, right when the office closes for the weekend and i can't contact you "
should really sleep rather than watch 28 days later 
got an a on his chem 2 midterm  very nice 
just bought a car 
i curse both the man woman that invented skype and the man woman who invented the whipped boyfriends who incessantly utilize it 
"when does life begin? fertilization? second trimester? \no  life begins the first time you pay income taxes "
have you ever gone so long without doing laundry that you're forced to wear your sexy lingerie because it's all you have that's clean? i have 
what the hell? i register for classes today? i had no idea  observational skills fail   
7 smile 0 am organic chemistry next semester? owch   
the lady killer by cee-lo green is a great album  i recommend you people check it out 
"duuuude, new cake album in january "
red may be the most badass movie i have seen in many a year 
"dear bitch, you want to have some input into the group project? you need to show up  don't text me your damn opinions after it's all already been decided  thank you "
no better way to start break than needlessly staying up and watching crappy court tv 
"black swan: more than just <propfemale> kunis and <propfemale> portman making out \seriously, it was a great movie \\the making out was pretty cool too, though "
in portland    boss 
"going to spend probably too much money on music tomorrow at <propfemale>  looking for suggestions to spend even more money on, so those of you with good taste, pony up  \cough andrielle s millah , <propmale> ericsson , <propmale> wahlstrom , not <propfemale> webb ,tesk sheppard , <propfemale> chisum , <propfirst> et <propmale>   cough others welcome to contribute"
"cookies and milk motherfucker \also, pretty excited about <propfemale> winehouse   ?uestlove collaboration for some reason "
really in the mood to drive down a dark country road 
does acceleration due to gravity apply to superman? seriously  i have no idea 
got my <propfirst> <propfemale> for new year  hooray for being unmarried!
would really like to thank <propfemale> beaton for this bountiful slew of free canadian music 
having pandora on my phone makes me feel like some kinda slick future wizard 
gonna see mos def tomorrow in oakland
tesk sheppard see you in nanjing  ???????
well tesk sheppard it's like fucking 3 am  how the hell   ?
