1981ed2f73749ff313fdbbf8005e66f9
my phone is shut off  bitches dont be texin me 
bbbbbbbbbbboooooooooorrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeedddddddddd
phone is off again
"booooored, headin back to o-town later "
"boredd,, at <propmale>'s with dj <propfirst> h"
is at <propmale>'s    but <propmale> doesnt know that 
so today i learned the easter <propfemale> isn't real    tis a sad day indeed 
is quite confused 
i caught a fish    with no pole  cuz im fukin awesome 
is super bored
cant seem to find my phone
found my phone
"goin to zach's here in a few, text it up yo"
stuntman extraordinaire 
"is bored, about to go  text it up yo!"
is going to destroy things with <propmale> and <propmale> later
"im not like them, but i can pretend  the sun is gone, but i have a light  i think im doen, or maybe just happy "
thank god for summer
is hella bored
"well, my phone is shut off until further notice  "
at <propmale>'s    that is all 
is the dancing <propfemale>
"i finally did it, i bit the top of a can off  my life is complete "
"i got, ice in my veins, blood in eyes, hate in my heart, and love on my mind "
"booooored, gunna watch tv"
phone is back on!
"is headin off, too work    gay "
"gunna watch all 6 episodes of flcl tonight, my life will never be the same "
halfway done haha
"haters shake my hand, but i keep the sanitizer on deck "
"someone stole my phone today, it will be awhile till i get anotherone "
you're my boy blue!
"alright people, let's not forget, no matter how cute and cuddly they may seem, koalas are still bears "
the worm has left the hole!
"well, with no phone, i guess my call of duty skills will increase greatly "
gettin brain in the library cuz i love knowledge
"mdma gotcha feelin like a champion, in the city <propfemale> sleeps betta slip ya an ambien"
is still wide awake!
just got paid!
my computer is broken sad 
i'm extra good 
"i am just now getting off work, hella tired  "
"is off till sunday, anyone wanna do anything?"
is pretty worn out
"work at 11, but im not tired, tomorow could be a long day "
the girl he wants dont seem to want him too
cookies!
>:v\\
stayed up all night watching fight club 
"got a phone, text it! 620-778-2421"
you can not imagine how difficult it is to hold a half gallon of moo juice and polish the one-eyed gopher when your doin' seventy-five in an eighteen-wheeler 
just got off work  
i just talked to a girl on chatroulette for about an hour  im impressed 
"<propfirst> <propmale>, better than a bunch of old mens' dicks "
"<propfemale>, the lapping waves are licking quietly at our ankles  "
this right here is my pretty boy swag 
"you take my breath away, you're a supernova "
so my class schedule is pretty dank yo lol
a boombox can change the world 
"mmmmmh, sweet lemonad  yeah, sweet lemonade "
cant sleep 
"when the sun come up, i be there to say what up in the mornin "
i was killing before killing was cool 
"if anyone knows of any houses-preferably in the country-around 30min from parsons let me know, my dad has to move "
"sticks and stones may break my bones, but i will kick you repeatedly in the balls "
"my phone's screen is broken, so dont text me  if it is important call me "
"is watching courage the cowardly dog, and i think my new phone should be in friday "
new phoneq text it yo
cleaning up puke at 4am? fml
it's a woodland critter christmas!
