c6c37b12d103ac9252701691d9aee10f
gota turn myself in soon  i hope everything goes well  scared but i gota get my life straight  do what i gota do make something of myself 
your mom is on my mind!!!
a whole month has gone by and im still feeling you and what you did to me  i feel like i will always love you  help me turn this love into hate!!!
i think im always gonna love you  im so sick of crying but    im almost there    60% over you
people wonder how i go from being a wigger to being a rocker skater  i went from posing to being myself  the original me
rejected!!!
my black <propfemale> by hollywood undead
"\hurt by <propfirst> cash\"""""
"i've got everything a broken heart needs i'm doing fine dont you worry about me  \who says you can't have it all by <propmale> jackson\"""""
comment the new pictures  and get at me on myspace if you have one 
chilling and getting ready for church    so bord!!! http annoyed  chatter com a 45k0b?ref=nf
i hate love!!!
found a new love     shes perfect i love her 6 19 10 love 
chillin  the bbe coming over today and the tat guy so ima be get realigned  my girll getting her tat 
chillin wit the bbe at my house  things went good in court  going back in 30 days  no decision yet
getting ready to go to sleep  seeing the bbe thursday  happy cuz i miss her so much  i love you babe more than anything  the only thing i love more is my father god
bored  one thing i realized is that drugs get you nowhere but trouble
"the times coming where all my enemies shall be placed underneath me and i will shine in the lords home while the rest of the world continues to sin \ i have turned down eveil and drugs and evil has tried to force itself upon me  but the lord has kept me clean and destroyed my enemies and the wickedness of satan"
just at home chillin bored  life    its changing  smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a s338a?ref=nf
"\right above it by lil wayne\"" is my new shit!!!"""
"i am a world before i am a man\\i was a creature before i could stand\\i will remember before i forget\\before i forget that!"
just sitting at home bored  cant wait till next weekend!!! god i miss you!!!
"writing my new rap song \like a f*cking og \"" i think i can say its my best one  but i miss my bbe cant wait till friday to see her"""
"yeah ah ha, you know what it is  everything i do, i do it big  yeah ah ha, screaming thats nothin  when i pulled out of the lot, thats stuntin  reppin my town when you  see me you know everything  black and yellow, black and yellow  i put it down from my whip to my diamonds  black and yellow, black and yellow\\\black and yellow by wiz khalifa\"""""
the band rev theory is the baddest rock band of all time!!!
if anybody gets a link i didnt send it  theres a virus going around  dont click on the link!!! itll screw up your computer!!!
i'm one and a half months clean and the temptations to do drugs are still bothering me  pray for me  and comment this that the spirit of temptation leaves
just woke up  mad bored!!!!!!!!!!
listening to rev theory  if youve never heard of them check them out  there amazing!!! the song far from over is beast!!!! rock band
after i get my ged i wanna go to college to be a crime scene investigator
"cause i'm selfish and i'm cold\and i feel like the world is ending \selfish and i'm cold, again\\cause i'm selfish and i'm cold\and i feel like like the world is ending \careless and i'm lonely again  \\selfish and cold by revelation theory\"""""
you wanna know what i really think of the pentecostals!!!! there sick!!! i go to the church because my mom forces me  you all have the true version of jesus fucked up!!!
jesus cam to save the world not to condemn  neither does he care about what the outside appearence looks like but the heart  i have the holy ghost and ive never spoken in tongues  the holy ghost has nothing to do with tongues!!! im tired of being judged by that false church
my father has told me  the lord thy god  to pay no heed to what they say about me  you all think im the evilest person in the church and judge when yet you do not judge yourself!!!
"<propfirst> 6:6\“and when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others  truly i tell you, they have received their reward in full  6 but when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your father, who is unseen  then your father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you "
"7 and when you pray, do not keep on babbling like pagans, for they think they will be heard because of their many words  8 do not be like them, for your father knows what you need before you ask him "
the bible says it is better for me to pray alone  unlike you hypocrites who love to pray to be seen 
just got a new cell phone  text me 561-294-5429
so everybody knows i dont hate nobody in my mothers church otherwise i wouldnt have you on my list  but t o p is not my home church and will never be my home church and the next person to try to force there beliefs on me will get knocked the fuck out!!! anybody!!!
i am not a pentecostal  pentecostal religion makes me sick!!!! so dont even talk about your be;iefs to me  i am a non-denominational christian  not a fucking pentecostal get it straight!!!
i go to that church because i am forced not because i want to  and if any of you try to convert my girlfriend to your religion one more time  i will destroy you  lets see if god can protect your face!!!
people nowa days dontcelebrate the birth of xhrist on christmas  thats what its all about  its been corrupted by presents and stuff  but jesus aint even celebrated for his birth 
comment the new pics
cause baby tonight    the dj got us fallin in love again  so dance like its the last night of your life 
that shit draped up by bun b go dumb hard  reffered to by <propmale> aka  <propfirst> 
comment the new pics!!!
just chillen 
idk whats gona happen pray for me  turning in on the 9th  putting my trust in the lord  hes always been by my side 
turning 18 january 8th  turning myself in on the 9th
well i been procrastinating but im turning in officially at 5 in the morning praying it goes well  going to the jac center than sitting in a damn waiting room there till 1 pm  im giving my life to the lord officially for everything 
the lord does wonderful mircales in my life  ima free man and all the charges were dropped  im no longer on probation neither  its all thanks to the lord
gota pay a 233 75 dollar ticket before i can get my license  cuz when i was a minor i got ticketed for not wearing a seat belt when i was a passenger 
the fair was amazing!!!
my phone fucked up  i aint got no one <propfirst>  i get new one friday  send me ur number and ill get at u with my new phone friday 
just sitting at my bbes house  no electricity  lol fucking hot!!!
just got a new phone hit me up  561-294-5429
watching <propfirst> and kumar go to white castle
i just saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching to reverse and driving away from the accident
just sitting home bored  cant wait till the end of febuary  all my plans are coming together 
the lord blessings keep getting better and better  thank you father 
people dont understand i make the rules  nobody owns me but god  i own this world  the lord put me second in command 
hacked by his wifey tiffy i love you baby forever and always mwah!hate on it haters!lmao 
people say that love is suicide  in my own minds eyes  homie ive done died  and ive tried  what u see is not a lie  its just a young teens life 
just sitting home chillin mad bored  love you bbe  fuck dcf and all the pigs!
put my actual jail pic up  lol lost alot of wait since than
god i hate shania twain! the worst singer ive ever heard! her music sucks ass! and <propfemale> forcing me to listen to this bitch lol
its funny when u get all this money people wanna be ur best friend    huh    um    im recieving 9200 dollars    dont even ask cuz you wont get one <propfemale>  nobody helped me out when i needed it so dont e playful ect me to help you out!
the word pentecost was a tradition for the jew  never was it meant to be put into a religion  the religion pentecost is a cult of devil worshippers  these sick fucks actually believe this shit is right  i serve god and only god  not the devil like these sick demonic pentecostal freaks!
"hey i got and idea    pentecostals like bowing down to men  and so called   \praying\"" over peoples feet  fucking weird  lets all go rubbing peoples feet and sucking there toes  thats what that wacked out church does just trying to convert people to christianity not jugdementalness nor satan  false prophet <propfirst> is a satanic freak who is leading souls to hell along with any other pentecostal  find the lord not religion"""
see now we got more problems dude better pray and thank god that he old and disabled or he'd be in a hospital  he fuckung with my family and my life  but on the
u help people out as much as u can and they turn on u  to my girls mom and stepdad! fuck off!!!
just sitting at the house chillin http annoyed  yearbook com a 17ppg6?ref=nf
who the fuck is <propfemale> swiger? man people be hacking my shit
wow i'm not considered family to my girls family  i guess ill never be good enough for her  everyone besides <propmale> is so fucking perfect right 
i don't regret any of the pain that i went through cuz if i didn't i never would've met my true love <propfemale>  thank u for everything korianne u led me to my one
true love
tryna find a job so bad  went from having 8300 dollars to having 763  aint even been a month  i didnt think money could go this quick
"you wanna know what i think about the whole bin laden situation and our muslim president than listen to this \tell the truth by immortal technique\"""""
good advice for anybody tryna apply for a job  because of great barrack obama we have the right to  put mexican on the job applictaion and have a 95% <propmale> of getting a job  so lets thank the president shall we  while black people getta welfare check and mexicans have jobs the white man suffers!!! lol
i've never hated anything so bad in my entire life  i ask the lord to help me forgive but forging this man is impossible  waiting for the day he wanna throw them hands and i'm ready  ain't worth going to jail  but i fucking hate tiffanys step dad with a passion  u drunk fuck! he thinks he's so fucking perfect  maybe everyones right  nathans just a piece of shit
i wanna go to amsterdam soooo bad!!
