edf078f3a31e0e29ba0c813129057cc5
long terrible today ugh i'm tired now
sorry that i'm such a bad son and boyfriend   sometimes a one liner is all i can think of to e playful ress myself   i'm sorry i'm not somebody else   somebody who can talk for hours   i can't do that   
in dubai and so happy to have talked to my baby!! i promise i'll call mom and granny soon!!
let it be   
will the gulf ever end???
port today and i'm so ready to talk to my family and my baby!!!
girlfriend  smile 
everything is falling in around me!!
i'm home!!!
ugh second day back and i have to work!!!
ugh   
woo hoo bought a new truck!!!
is on watch so boring ugh!!!
i'm a zombie!!!
ugh working nights is soooooo boring!!!
ugh do i really have to g to work again??
ugh gotta run my physical readiness test today!!! i'm gonna dieeeeee!!!!
my girlfriend is the best swimmer ever!!! eat it <propfirst> phelps!!!
got my new computer today and i love it so much!!!
i love my baby girl so much and she's sick right now  sad 
hmm   
i updated my status just cause <propfemale> says i hardly ever do it   
god i'm so tired of all this shit!!!
why am i the one who is always made outto be the asshole??
ugh some dumb bitch ran into my truck with her car and i was parked at my apartment   big dent and a busted tail light   awesome    fffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-
it really sucks to come home to a house with all the lights on and the door swung wide open while your roommate is fast asleep in his bed   thank god nothing was stolen!!! the front door was wide open!!!
ugh   
i love my baby!!!
i love <propfemale>!!!!!!
happy new year everyone!! if i had to be anywhere besides with my baby i would like to be out here serving my country!!
is sitting on watch for the next 8 hours fml!!!
ask me about big bitch and the little one!!!
one day i'll be able to sleep   
go mean green!!!
my three day weekend was over way to fast oh well back to work   sigh
just started my eight hour watch and am already tired   ugh   don't think i'm gonna make it   
ugh three and a half more hours   fading fast!!
way way way to drunk last night lol!
hmm still can't seem to be able to get to sleep   no fun  sad 
what ever happened to the days when men were men? not whimpy emotional little boys who let their feelings get the best of them   this is a time when everyone needs to be stronger!
my baby always knows how to make me smile!!  laugh 
"i've been roamng around, always looking down at all i see   "
holy crap i was off work before 9 its amazing!!!
i'm in ireland!!!!! dublin to be exact!!!
another day in beautiful dublin!! screw the euro it makes it way to easy to waste money!!
heading home in about 7 hours!!
finally back home!!!
      fml       
ironman 2 was awesome!!!!!! especially in imax!!!
my roomate loves his computer more than any person on this planet   
where the wild things are is the biggest piece of crap i have ever seen in my life   it ranks right up there near the new <propfemale> in wonderland as being the biggest let down ever!!
   and nothing will come of that   sigh
i know its not father's day yet but i love and respect my father so very much  i'll be lucky if one day i'm even half the man and father that he was to me  you're my hero dad!!
my baby is here in one more day!!!
ugh nothing like working for 8 hours then having an 8 hour watch directly after it   fml
ugh watch   
we were voted cutest couple in san <propfirst>!!
it's really amazing how one little thing can break your spirit so much   fml
"\why does <propfemale> b  <propfirst> get her own coin? you know she stole that baby?\"" -<propfirst> \""you mean sacagawea?\"" -me \""what?\"" -<propfirst>"""
heading back to lemoore today   i miss my baby  sad 
4 a m  and still not asleep   
bored   oh so bored   
bored and alone   guess ill go to bed   lame   
on da boat again   message me yo emails so we can keep in contact   cya'll
ugh my e-mail on the boat doesnt work right now   i gots my it's trying to fix it we'll see but until then just message me on facebook everyone   fml
yay!!! it2 carr is the best it2 in the whole wide world!!! she fixed my email over the phone! she rocks my socks off lol!!
loves his girlfriend so much!!
ugh tired already!!
new day already looking good cause i got to talk with my baby over email  smile 
why must i be the martyr??
good to be home!!
changed his status   
can't sleep  sad 
woo hoo   working saturday!! fmfl!!!!
sorry everyone   we might be working on saturday   calm the f down!!
thanks everyone for the awesome birthday wishes!!!
my chief is the awesomistest!!!
hello me    meet the real me
i love my girlfriend!!!!
i love my girlfriend!!!!
ugh another sleepless night   this sucks!!
doesn't want to go!!
time to go   i love you all!!
looking like it's going to be an alright cruise but this is only day 2
this christmas is going to suck   especially since i'll be on the uss <propfirst> vinson off the coast of some middle eastern country   bah humbug
"<propfemale> christmas!! <propfemale>, mom, and granny message me your <propfirst> because i got a calling card!!"
