8ba3c63588fed7313ce6fc905e828809
i'm having a stressed day   blah   nothing to do about it though  just hope that it starts to get better 
i'm having a wonderful day! i hope everyone has a great halloween   i'm going to a midnight showing of <propmale> horror!  yay!
tired of overtime and wishing the weekend would come faster   blah 
i just want to let everyone know that i'm coming home in april!  i'm going to be in cali from april 23-may 1   i'm going to disneyland on april 27 and would love it if some people wanted to come   if not i'm going to have a good bit of free time so give me a call or a message and i'll try to get together with everyone   it would be great to visit and catch up 
is looking forward to april and good weather and going home   only a month away!
i'm tired of people springing last second plans on me   grr 
really well and truly glad it's friday and looking forward to easter   fun 
just got home from <propfemale>'s wedding   she was beautiful and totally blissfully happy   i'm sooo happy for her!
happy easter!  yay!
so easter i got my purse stolen and was well and truly upset   but on the bright side it has given my sister a new project and me some new music for when i go home   i get to leave in 15 days!  yay!
is happy it's the weekend and starting to think about family and home and music   fun 
is excited about going home   1 week!  yay!  i can't wait   i'm already starting to think about packing   and!  i just got a way cute <propfemale> on from <propfemale> for my birthday! she's awesome 
is getting ready to go   can't wait!  i'm all packed    now i just have to try and figure out if there's anything i'm missing   maybe snow boots     and and umbrella   man i'm leaving warm <propfemale> weather to go to cali in the rain   blah   all well  still can't wait 
"is home safely with my family   i'm loving it! the weather is nice  the kids are adorable and lovey   today i'm seeing <propfemale> and <propfirst>, tomorrow i'm golfing with dad and <propmale>, monday i'm going out for my bday w  <propfemale> and <propfemale>, and tuesday i'm going out to disney with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  it's wonderful and i'm happy!"
just checked the weather and is thrilled to find that tuesday's forecast has changed   it's changed to mostly cloudy with a high of 75 instead of showers  that's great!  hope it stays that way!
golfed today   it was interesting and fun and frustrating   i'm slightly burned    even though i did put on sunscreen and i'm looking forward to <propmale> with <propfemale> and <propfemale>! fun!
"went out with <propfemale> and <propfemale> on monday night   sooo much fun   <propfirst> joined us  then we talked him into disney on tuesday   only about 3 hours of sleep between the 2, but it was a ball!  it's <propfemale> nice to be home  i'll post pics later!"
"i'm shopping today with mom   i had a daddy daughter day and sister days and a daddy daughter son day, so today is a mommy daughter day  fun!"
"thanx everyone!  i had a really good day with my mom yesterday  got new shoes and today i saw one of my best friends   it's been a great trip   i'm bummed to leave, but can't wait to be home and see my hubby and my dog "
is packing and getting ready to leave <propmale>  bummer 
it's 6:45 and i leave soon   it sux     but i'm homeward bound   that's good   home to my hubby   bye cali! i'll miss it 
i'm home  it's good to be home   <propfemale> got us a new puppy and it's sweet   her name is pixie  i'm still a little off in the time zone thing     but it's better   i'm back to normal and happy to be here 
i'm home and adjusting to the time zone again   it's good to be home  <propfemale> got a new puppy named pixie   she's a doll 
has news   it's up to you to decide if it's good or bad   <propfemale> and i have decided to move to california next year   we were driving to oklahoma for a family reunion next june and decided if we were already driving halfway across the country we may as well keep going   i'm really happy!  he's kinda bummed 
i've got a second job   i will officially have no life    but it'll be worth it  i can't wait to move and this will help   yay!
first week down   it's a little hard to go without sleep but the money is totally worth it   beyond that i actually like the place and the people and i enjoy doing it  it works for me and i'm happy with it 
so i have big news   it's good news   i'm pregnant!  i just found out a little over a week ago and i have my first doctors apt  this wednesday   <propfemale> and i are very excited   we're not sure what this will mean for our move or my second job but for now we're happy and excited 
i went to the doctor's this week   i'm just past 6 weeks pregnant and both the baby and i look healthy   they've poked and proded and i'll have more info next time on the results of the tests  i'm happy and haven't had much morning sickness yet   hopefully i won't get much anyway  it's all good   yay!
"so it's been a long week   i've been nauseas   i'm tired   i've lost 3 pounds just because i eat and it makes me queasy so i skip my next meal   i'm fine   it's just been a long week and i kinda hope the \morning\"" sickness goes away   it sux """
is starting to feel a little better   a little more energetic and more like myself  it's kind of nice not to feel quite so drained    although i'm far from perfect again   it's just nice to be better if not great 
happy friday the 13th! i got my hair colored and it came out great   on the downside i had a tooth pulled today and i can't eat much which is making me feel sick    again  i also got a great gift today!  <propfemale> got me a stroller and car seat for my baby   they're in great shape and so welcome   i love them!
i'm good   life's ok   nothing interesting 
i find out tomorrow if it's a boy or girl!  yay!  i'm way excited!
i'm having a girl!  i'm sooo excited   we're naming her zoey <propfemale> 
life's normal   i'm showing and i hate my closet!  either my clothes are too short or tight or they're maternity and make me look more pregnant than i am   <propfemale> thinks it funny   i think he should be the one to get a belly since he wanted kids 
good week   life's normal   i'm feeling the baby kick now    or bump rather   it's not hard enough to call a kick  <propfemale>'s sad he can't feel her  she's active when i'm resting    or i feel her when i'm resting  it's nice to have it feel real now 
have had a wonderful weekend with <propfemale>   i miss her lots when i can't get down and it feels like it's been forever 
i had an ultrasound today  the last one they couldn't see her heart or her face   this time they saw her heart and 1 eye and the top of her nose   she wouldn't move her hands down so we could see her face!  she's still being stubborn! sound familiar?
good day today   baby kicked me crazy but that's ok  short day at work after a holiday   yay! it's been good  my aunt <propfemale> and aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst> are visiting in about 2 weeks and that's put me in an even better mood!  yay!
another day   i'm going shopping with aunt <propfemale> tomorrow so that'll be fun   looking forward to thanksgiving and family and all sorts of things 
"i'm good!  aunt <propfemale>, aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst> are out and that's wonderful   i love seeing my family   i hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving and that everyone gets to be as happy as i am   i'm thankful for zoey's health and my family's health and my family being near   good thanksgiving!"
for those who haven't heard  we lost the baby  she was stillborn at 8:57 yesterday morning  she was beautiful and will be missed dearly  we're as ok as possible  i'm out of the hospital and the funeral is tomorrow 
thank you all so much for your prayers and love   the funeral was beautiful and i was so grateful for the <propmale> to say goodbye   it was amazing to see how loved she was  i pray that god cares and loves her as much as i wish i could have   thank you all for your support 
"we're taking down the crib today   it's really hard   i don't go in the nursery, but talking things down makes it more final "
"i'm tired and i'm tired of crying   i don't know how to feel and it's really hard   i want to cry and smile and laugh and remember the good things   i want to be happy i got to have her, but i'm so sad that i can't anymore   i want to be happy for pregnant friends, but that hurts too   ugh, i'm just tired "
had a good day today   i stopped into work and got to talk to all my friends   i cried just a little but it was nice to see everyone and laugh   i am so blessed to have such support  it really helped 
is having a good christmas   happy holidays everyone!
gets to go back to work on monday!  i never thought i would be this excited to go back to work but i'm really going insane   the sooner everything gets back to normal for me the better i think   yay!
is glad to be back at work  had a good week and is looking forward to another one 
"'cause once you've heard that word\there ain't nothin' you can't do!\so let that positoovity work for you!"
is good and healthy and happy   staying positive and praying alot 
another week or so down   life doesn't seem to change much! i'm looking forward to the superbowl!  fun!
needs prayers!  i'm pregnant again and of course terrified and overjoyed   please pray for a healthy 7 1 2 more months!
i got to hear my baby's heartbeat this week   it's made me feel better  i now have a picture of a blob that is my baby   yay!
"life goes on cravings, morning sickness and all   at least it's the weekend!"
i didn't know a six hour day could feel so long!  thank god it's the weekend!  i hope everyone has a good one 
