2d74c290ef8c0335226214fe855a6a53
so maybe i'll start using this?  smile  haha 
this is ridiculous   i've already been up for two hours   isn't this a holiday?   annoyed 
is jealous of all the college kids who don't go back to school until forever away 
"in space, all i think about is you and me, and atmosphere "
"i'm applying for a new job and looking up colleges   oh yeah, and also punching myself while i'm at it    annoyed "
who needs a blanket when there's a baby on you?
who has law and citizenship 5th period?
likes far too many statuses and activities 
why am i nervous for picture retakes?  that's ridiculous 
"just opened a bag of choczels   altoona kids, say it out loud   you'll love how it sounds "
's eyes are falling out 
there's a <propfemale> elf moshing around in my brain    annoyed 
still has homework from last week to do   i wish my head would stop e playful loding 
"three odyssey chapters?  really, that's enough, crazysexlady "
   <propfemale> just threw up in my hair   she's cute  love 
needs to move to pandora   smile 
snow:  beautiful!  spending an entire weekend inside:  not so much 
my dogs had to tunnel through the back yard just to pee this morning  smile 
doesn't like dreams in which she can't breathe  annoyed 
loves love  smile 
"<propfemale>, we'll be in school until    august?"
"i've been feeling three feet tall this month, hardly indestructible   but the snow melts, and the rhythm still goes on "
"just don't tell me that this doesn't mean the world   because my ears would bleed, and my heart would hit the floor "
"so, the very day my dad picks me up on insurance is the day i have an accident   go me   > annoyed "
"i'm not larger than life; i'm not taller than trees   do i mean what i say, or is it just this disease?"
i've seriously been waiting for tomorrow allll week   it's not even going to be an exciting day or anything 
what kind of hypochondriac freak looks forward to a doctor's appointment thismuch?  i do   annoyed 
won't be at the computer this weekend   so text me!
just watched some septoplasty videos   this is gonna suck 
is feeling particularly lifeless right now 
who wants to do something tomorrow?!
would like to see the outside world on this beautiful day 
this inferno project is honestly really obnoxious 
reeeally wants to make good use of this weather 
just laid the moral and intellectual smackdown 
"<propmale> <propfirst> married <propfemale> acorn?  thank you, public education, for allowing students to teach other students "
collegeboard com abandoned me in my time of need   
"fast forward, please "
"hamlet, i need you right now like i need two more holes in my head   which i have, by the way    smile "
"through the wreckage of my college years, i made sure to hold close both my hate and fear of letting go "
hopes everyone is being extra <propfemale> today    smile 
just got completely screwed over by asthma   fml 
"finally, mother nature, we're on good terms again    smile "
"i and i, we're taking control of our lives "
"when it rains, it pours, but when it's late march, it's beautiful "
"they told a story about a man who was too afraid to fly, so he never did land   tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet?  did you finally get the <propmale> to dance along the light of day?"
"<propfemale>, i guess i'll be a step closer to selling my soul on tuesday   eh, we'll see how it goes "
"just got home from <propfemale>   wow, leaving home makes me reeeally excited to actually leave    smile "
"has been screwed by ap euro   tomorrow's going to be such a long, soul-selling day    smile "
"has been welcomed into the world of \hurry up and wait \""  i guess life as i know it will have to remain intact for another week """
"this liar's on fire; melted like wax, a mess it grows   and you're the one that chose, and that's just how <propfemale> goes   heiswe  love "
's brother has escaped from the black hole of the south!  smile 
really hates lazy days    annoyed 
"so, i'm even more of an asshole than i thought i was   eh, whatever "
"i need to learn how to make a good pie before i can get a husband?  oh, the wisdom of ancient substitute teachers   "
"days like this make me wish i worked   well, at least my brain won't fry due to overuse    annoyed "
"really should do her ap review, but the thought of doing nothing is so distracting   this week is probably going to suck a little "
"just put out an open invitation for the u s  government to suck me in   oh, life   "
"rip puppy, and stay safe, <propfirst>   yesterday was pretty rough, but at least today had to be better "
would write happy mother's day in her status if her mom had a facebook 
sees summer coming   it's almost close enough to touch!   smile 
"i know we all have a similar dream   go in your pocket pull out your wallet, and put it in the air and sing   i wanna be a billionaire so freakin' bad "
made it out of bed today!  now it's time to worry about making up a million tests 
"<propfemale>'s twelve years old, in two more she'll be a whore   'cause nobody ever told her it's the wrong way "
is annoyed at extraneous days of school    annoyed 
is excited to hardly go to school tomorrow!  am i in third grade again?
somehow managed to trudge through <propmale> year and make it through with a scrap each of dignity and sanity   i don't have to wake up for anyone tomorrow!
"you raised me well, i'll give you that   but in my face you surely spat   would you look at me now?"
"even after all the years, <propfemale> mclachlan is still as comforting as she was when i was twelve "
"we french kissed on a subway train   he tore my clothes right off   he ate my heart, and then he ate my brain!"
"is not excited for tomorrow, or the 7-10 days to follow "
"is all hopped up on percocet and antibiotics, topped off with <propfemale> ale    smile "
is trying to figure out what day today is 
wishes tylenol were just a little more potent 
will have even more quality time with geisinger tomorrow!
"is splint-free!  oh, so many smells in the world   "
's stitches have officially dissolved!
is thinking of the concrete jungle where her dreams are made of 
has a busy day of florida preparation ahead of her!
"is currently in florida, land of the <propfemale> sun and crazy cousins "
thinks that pennsylvania is too cold 
let's not discuss how homerooms are in the paper today and how school is starting in less than two weeks   '<propfemale>?
work + leftover headache from this morning = one dead <propfemale> 
"my house is full of foreign objects   like a big, fluffy cat "
"um, okay \1- prob & stat calculus\2- advanced speech acad anatomy\3- ap gov\4- honors english\5- ap french\6- spanish ii\7- botany shakespeare"
eats worms 
spent the whole day being pretty   who's ready for school?!  not me 
's amazing study habits have already been established 
"just got an email from neopets saying that my account, which i haven't used since fourth grade, will be deleted soon   lolololololololol "
"is watching reefer madness and eating popsicles  oh, <propfemale> holmberg!"
"who's ready for a nice, sleepy round of mondays?!"
's caucasian grandmother has a subscription to <propfemale> magazine   really 
now has a fish named <propmale>!
"beowulf is stupid and i don't respect him   that's right, i just write essays about him "
doesn't leave this porch table 
really wants to tie-dye and carve pumpkins and wear sweaters on this beautiful day!
is now addicted to chips deluxe soft-n-chewy cookies  mmm   
"really wishes her car would stop dying  really, skylark, really?"
just took a five-hour nap on accident 
"\you ain't seen nothin' move till you've seen a pissed off buffalo \"" -sir <propfirst> wilkins"""
"good evening, facebook   it's been awhile "
"let's be heroes, let's be martyrs, let's be radical thinkers who never have to test drive the least of their dreams!"
"dear <propfirst> wilkins , where, oh where could you be?"
why is this instant coffee so tasty?!
"happy birthday party, @<propfirst> shirk!"
weird how i took the day off for important family members and they all leave anyway 
"why is it that when i go to bed, early morning newscasts are coming on?"
happy tofurkey day everybody!
wishes she were shopping right now    crying 
decemberdecemberdecember!
"<propfemale> we still had school today even though the heat went out hours before it started? good call, administration "
"happy birthday party, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>!"
these burgers are crazy!
's brother is making an idiot of himself in an effort to entertain me   smile 
"thanks to everybody who helped me celebrate yesterday! it was a wonderful time to had by all  and also, thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile "
would like to have a really wonderful break!
's niece got her first christmas mullet! yay!  smile 
woo dayquil!
"what's the best way spend the last day of 2010? facebook, of course "
i wanna walk until i get lost 
i wish now just like i wished back then that we'd never have to ever grow up 
i feel like i was hit by a bus   sad 
here's hoping my self-created labor union backs me up as usual!
the fever that <propfirst> wilkins has is frying his brain and making him say silly things 
"hey, <propfirst> miller!  shut up!"
"after two days off school and work, i still feel completely exhausted "
could somebody please tell me whether or not it's snowing?  i can't tell 
i feel way too tired for this to be a lazy sunday 
it was so simple in the moonlight 
i wanna play outside!
i'm boycotting sheetz food for as long as my willpower will allow  i'm very sad about this 
learning sweet pillow fight moves from <propfirst> wilkins!
this is has to be the most frightening super bowl i've ever e playful erienced 
hates routines 
my last post jinxed me! work was a bit crazy 
"\check out how metal i am!\"""""
"what a day  i'd like a coma now, please "
my saturday morning ambition's been ruined by remembering that i have to go to work in the middle of the day 
who ever thought it'd be a good idea to bring clowns into a nursing home?!
is <propfemale> spontaneous 
apparently nyquil now makes me wake up sobbing during the night?
is baffled by the behavior of others sometimes 
my neighbors are delightful!  smile  naat 
work pleasantly surprised me! now if only i can muster enough energy to go out and do something   
sale at old navy > my senior project 
who would have thought that the elderly like to pull fire alarms too?
really feels the love 
anyone who has mrs  brown: are we supposed to state our decision for the career in the essay?
"won $3,000 today, no big deal   smile "
i wanna be <propfemale> hayworth 
why is everything so boring lately?
time for some reminiscing back at good ole wright elementary!
's toe hurts 
soak-your-toah 
just won scholarship number dos!  smile 
"bleck, today "
<propfemale> wilkins is a stupid head 
is so ready for something different 
