376a0fa3d2a84ddaedfff0d4e9e7ef66
"i'm sleepy, bedtime soon?"
finally done painting  i'm exhausted though 
goshh  annoying children  d:<
so terribly bored  what to do?
<propfemale> is going to hate me   smile 
urf  i'm in a weird mood 
i'm sooo tired from doing yard work   annoyed 
so bored  getting off then 
goodmorning   smile 
hmmm  talk?
facebook im suddenly dissapeared   
text me? 803 795 8016   smile 
hm  goodmorning  let's talk?
blahhh   annoyed 
"text me, please?  smile "
hm  talk?
new mayday parade single   smile  happy <propfirst> 
"party tonite   smile  funfun, i miss my baby though  lots "
 smile  he makes me happy  little confused though 
i really don't know how much longer i can handle being this upset all the time 
i feel like hell   indecision 
gah  fucking homework  i can't do it though if i keep getting distractedddddddddd 
okay leaving now  laterrr  i love you baby   smile 
gahhhhh  i got onto facebook bcuz mlia told me how to make a shark in the instant message-y thingy  but the instant message-y thingy picks now to be broken!! d:
wondering if i can make a shark as my status     most likely not  imma try though  ignore random symbols   smile  (^^^)
 indecision 
ughhhh   indecision  i need to get my mind off this 
 indecision 
best birthday everrrr   smile  couldn't be happier  braces off tomorrow  this week is great 
freaking out a bit  everyone seems to be changing  it's just    alarming 
i get so see baby today   smile  happyhappy 
bah  incredibly bored until <propfemale>'s tonight  d:
gahh  hatehatehate hsap 
"<propfirst> dewyze is gonna be the next american idol, i know it   smile "
"i like how you can remember someone from a year ago and when you compare it with now, you wonder what you were thinking "
driving school! ack exhausted!
"<propfirst> dewyze, my favorite american idol ever   smile "
lonely  boyfriend's asleep  text?
the best album i've ever bought - everything in transit by <propfirst>'s mannequin   love 
eight months   love  i'm lucky 
buy me the emarosa album pleaseee?  smile 
inbox message me something that you have always wanted to tell me  it will stay between us  repost if you're brave enough 
toy story three was adorable   smile  i loved it   smile 
to columbia to see the last airbender in 3d tomorrow 
"like this and i will tell you what i like about you, first impression, and dislike "
dropped my phone in the dang toilet  gah! at least i have my old one 
oh get over yourself   smile 
"today, i found god  on google earth  it's a small town in hungary  mlia"
geeze  when you're busy liking everyone else's interests how do you tell which ones are actually yours?
i now have the emarosa album   smile  yessss   smile 
i'm ready for summer to end  i am bored out of my mind 
nine months   love 33 i'm happy   smile 
despicable me was adorable   smile 
inception was a great movie   smile 
somebody tell me a job i'd be good atttt  rawr 
i was hiding under your porch because i love you   smile 
pretty people make me sick   smile 
why can't crestwood give us our schedules beforehand? like every other school! bahh 
i got hit on by my waitress  d:
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile  set this as your status & see how many people you have made smile   smile """
cleverbot told me to have a happy period  kinda creepy 
i like the y   smile  exercise is good for me 
tonight is going to be so blahhh 
"dreading school tomorrow  really   annoyed  bah \this was a bad last week of summer "
hey kids  remember your ids tomorrow  haha   smile 
today hasn't been the best day 
thank god zac's driving tomorrow  goodnight 
thank god tomorrow's friday  no late arrival tomorrow though  bah  i need more sleep 
i like lists   smile 
perfect day today   smile 
"*correction, my night with my boyfriend zac was perfect "
"ugh  given the <propmale>, i would not be at school anymore  i'm incredibly unhappy there "
\here is the deepest secret nobody knows (here is the root of the root \,376a0fa3d2a84ddaedfff0d4e9e7ef66,"as much as i love poetry, i just wish i could write something as pretty as what i read "
blahh  i need to learn to say what i mean more often 
"late arrival  love \and now zac's coming to get me   smile "
"it's becoming more and more clear to me, this year's gonna suck ass "
ten months tomorrow   smile  i love you baby 
how many people have finished the reading for usc public speaking and sociology?
bus tomorrow  lovely 
"until i don't have to go to bed without you, goodnight is my least favorite phrase   annoyed "
someone tell me what some a clubs are  aside from french and fca 
i hate laying awake when i know you're asleep   annoyed 
my date with zac tonight was great   love 
i need to make some money  but a job is out of the question  bah  impossible 
"so, anyone in my usc public speaking class   did you email that lady about blackboard? and did you get a response? haha "
leet speak is much more entertaining to have set as my language on facebook  though i'm sure it'll get old 
blarrrr 
"other than saturday, this weekend has not been my weekend "
"faceboookkk, give me an idea for my informative speech  i have no idea what to do "
<propfirst> mcmahon is a truly amazing pianist and lyricist   love 
"you know what's unfair? most blondes can dye their hair whatever color they want and look great  but for dark-haired people like me, other colors usually look funny "
tonight was fun   smile 
why am i so fucking lazy? god i fail at life 
lonely 
awful day 
does anyone know what we're supposed to read for sociology? like everything we were supposed to have read? no one seems to have any idea 
finally got my speech topic figured out   smile  i love being productive 
"likes when people are all proud of these pictures they've taken of themselves, and they look terrible   smile "
so glad i caught up on my sleep 
there is nothing to eat in this house  gah 
 annoyed 
gahh  i am so bored  i am not one of those people that the internet entertains for very long 
"feet hurt  heels = suck  \tacky day tomorrow though   smile "
new phone!  smile 
blarr  i don't wanna go to school 
i have no life  d:
breakfastttt this morning   smile 
tonight was fun   smile 
yay for eighties movies   smile  haha 
blarrrr 
today sucks already   annoyed 
exhausted 
that speech next week? yeah i'm getting an a   smile 
eleven months   love 33 i love you baby 
talent eludes me 
blarr blarr blarr 
i like it anywhere 
that college project for mrs <propmale> is idiotic 
eh  i hate when i get up too early  i have nothing to do to kill time 
"god, i hate my homeroom "
gahhhh i'm so happy you're not my friend anymore 
why is there a show about demons on animal planet?
stupid  now i'm in a crap mood 
someone get me doughnuts 
we should have naptime before the psat 
hooray for fall break   smile 
let me be the one to call you baby all the time 
doing the sociology quiz  i'm pretty much just making crap up as i go 
can i just wake up and have skipped today?
bad dreams always make it harder to sleep the next night 
paranormal activity two was scary  d: haha  fun night though   smile 
"has anyone gotten those links to work, for the speech homework?"
i've had a bad day 
exhausted 
"by the way, who's taking sat december 4th?"
one year   smile  baby i love you so much   love 
today was perfect and wonderful  i couldn't ask for a more amazing boyfriend  i love you baby 
i hate unintentionally liking things cuz of my touch screen 
bad day night 
"again, i've liked about three things inadvertently  gah "
"itunes, is like the slowest thing everrr "
"it makes me laugh how many people allude to drama with this or that publicly on facebook, but when someone asks them about it they say \text message me\"" """
tiredddddd  d:
"okay, should i do my speech on euthanasia, or prostitution? or any other ideas ya'll have?  smile "
someone tell me why the only dreams i have lately are violent nightmares  d:
a weekend full of nothing   annoyed 
i made chocolate mousse   smile 
i've rehearsed my speech to death  but i'm still pretty sure i'm not doing good tomorrow  d:
<propmale> potter tonight!
"i hate how i get random statuses sent to my phone bcuz i hit the \subscribe to sms button\"" without realizing """
why does my brain mix up the words or green and orange? d:
cannot find a single review of my new laptop  you have no idea how much this bothers meeee  d:
"i don't answer blocked calls  stop calling me, please "
happy thanksgiving   smile 
"i think i've liked a billion different things on accident tonight, while being a creep  sorry "
anyone who went black friday shopping is crazy!  smile 
"if it's going to be cold, it should snow  redeem yourself, weather "
kids in public speaking! give me funny class moments and funny things <propmale> has done please   smile 
i can't do my speech  so let's start completely over on writing and memorizing a new one 
speech tomorrow  i pretty much don't care anymore  bah 
"96 on my final speech, my class ring, and spending after school with <propmale> collins \today's better than i thought   love "
i hate my homeroom   annoyed 
1230 on my practice sat  hopefully i do well saturday 
toooo earlyyy  d:
"facebook goes \update your profile to the new version\""? i don't like it """
i have no idea how to study for this exam  d:
"suggest -good- books for me to read, please "
<propfemale> jones  and <propfirst> <propmale> folderman were wonderful in their play   smile 
not looking forward to tomorrow  i should just stay home   annoyed 
birthday tomorrow   smile  it does not feel like that time of year 
1350 on the sat!
<propfemale> christmas!  smile 
snow!  smile 
<propfemale>'s a jerk  d:
i love how i met your mother   smile 
someone tell me what i wanna be when i grow up 
"i don't normally do these, but this seems kind of interesting?\ leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   "
i'm so unexcited for no school tomorrow  seriously 
am i the only one not majorly excited to play in the snow?
nevermind  snow is fun  <propfemale> o'loughlin  and i went like ice sliding with our skim board  too bad it got rainy 
no school tomorrow either
"is it just me, or has im been freaking out almost constantly lately? meh "
"school tomorrow and thursday  both are half-days, only eoc's are taken  exams are cancelled this semester  then we go back the 19th "
<propfemale> we go ten to two tomorrow? someone please tell me if you actually see this on the school website or something 
"grateful for school tomorrow, i'm bored out of my mind "
"if you make offensive jokes about a particular group of people, do not have a fit when someone else does about a group you like better "
no school tomorrow  ice skating in the afternoon   smile 
"stopped by cwood and took my pre-cal exam  everyone should've taken it, super easy "
<propmale> and joon   smile 
between the trees   love  i'm always so lateee 
my house smells like thanksgiving   smile  yumm 
"\you and life were made beautiful \""  love """
"spelling and grammar mistakes bother me so much, i want to correct them all  i'm always too afraid that i'll offend someone though "
i hate shots  ugh 
"1st block; anthropology music 101\2nd block; entrepreneurship \3rd block; english 4\4th block; physics\not that anyone cares, but there it is "
"science fair ideas, please? something i can do in two weeks "
"i think our english class should just watch the five hour version of price & prejudice, and forget the book and all that mess   smile "
"boredd, blarr "
"science fair project, should i test people's ability to tell whether a smile is fake or not, or whether a composite picture made from features of other people is more attractive than the original person?"
"finished my music paper, i hope it's actually what he was asking for "
"hey, if you're in my physics class, and you haven't gotten that paper signed, please do   smile "
bomb threat  this isn't redundant at all 
"why does facebook do this to meee? i post a status, and then go to another tab  when i refresh, it posts the status again  then, when i delete the repost  it deletes both  d:<"
a year and three months  never even crossed my mind until it was almost over  i love you darling   love 
so  what did the groundhog see?
zac and i are hipsters 
"anthropology paper, ugh "
"so i finished my anthropology paper, and now it is 9 pages long total  i'm a nerd "
"just a suggestion, if you don't procrastinate things really won't be as overwhelming "
"it won't let you poke someone if you've already poked them, that makes me sad "
"flu  ugh  no school till monday  maybe i'm a nerd, but i hate missing school "
"i want to be one of those artsy girls, who make everything pretty "
i am never going to find a prom dress 
anyone know what the guidelines for that english paper are?
i knew 32 states of 50 and clairenuhnuhnuhnuh o'loughlin knew 45 of 50  d:
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!"
no laptop for one to two weeks   annoyed 
haven't even pulled out that study guide yet  ugh  i know how i'm spending my sunday 
gah  hate sundays 
thursby is insane to think we can memorize all of this  why wouldn't he just give a clearer idea of whats on the midterm?
"i know we're all freaking out about that midterm, but did anyone remember we have a paper due the 3rd as well?"
current music class grades are on blackboard 
"i love all the drama on facebook, adds some humor to my day   smile "
i still think its crap for ms  small to cheat me out of ten points because i rounded to much when she only rounded to one decimal place on the board today 
why have the time stamps on posts gone away?
"172 150 points on my midterm and now i have a 103 in music  ( annoyed btw, grades are on blackboard!"
i miss my laptop   annoyed 
so sick of high school 
"go to your profile, the first five friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\\<propfirst> <propmale>, angel thomason <propfirst> squiddles pearman, <propfirst> long, <propfirst> haddock jr  i'm not sure how this'll go  haha   smile "
ms small's book project tomorrow!
"i am entirely done putting up with your crap, as well as anyone else's "
just saw an ihop commercial for chicken and waffles  i just find that odd 
i hate people who try to sound intelligent by using big words but cannot spell them 
anyone know where to turn in the books for nhs?
anyone taken usc's math placement exam who can give me an idea of what it's like?
<propfemale> mist natural = disgusting 
\hahaha," japanese destruction is hilarious\"" \"376a0fa3d2a84ddaedfff0d4e9e7ef66,i really don't understand the excitement about girl's boy's state 
"so i'm a nerd, and i looked up that placement test usc kid's are taking tomorrow  seems easy enough "
had fun at the bonfire  great night with zac  exhausted now  happy birthday baby  i love you   love 
"music 110 kids, both the extra credit paper assignment and paper 3 assignment are up on blackboard  as well as the most recent quiz grades "
i got my prom dress and shoes   smile  now i've got to figure out how to do that stupid satire assignment 
"so my satire is now about the stupidity of teenagers, however i can't come up with enough exaggerations  any suggestions?"
i just wish i could sleep 
anthropology vocabulary quiz tomorrow 
"so sick of seeing \cool story bro\"" everywhere """
i can't wait until water for elephants comes out   smile 
<propfirst> <propfirst> bragiel is my hero 
"sick of these pages appearing on my wall, i have never seen them let alone liked them "
i hate watching my friends be mistreated 
fact #who cares  i'm tired of seeing these all over my wall 
