ad3c204619b1e021b22b3a3e8f182f01
finals week!   then    summer break!!!!!
doesn't want to write his speech 
has his hands in many sinister soups!
is almost done writing his speech 
will devour you!
hates finals week 
is totally getting a 4 0 
got 99% on his math final 
aboogaboo 
principia discordia 
krautrock
is coming full circle 
"no more tests, please!?!"
is loving spring 
is going to go photosythesize 
finally done with the 12 <propfemale> lab report  whew 
will pay you to do his homework 
hates tests  pass the booze 
beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer 
needs to find a new living situation  bah!
is diggin the spring weather!!
   none of them knew they were robots! > surprise 
hates history    only 2 hours left 
trig test 1 - 97 5% wooooooh!!
nothing better than analytic trigonometric functions at 6 am!!!!
raise a paw!
amazingness is lagunitas undercover investigation shut-down ale - 9 9% alc 
hates sum and difference formulas 
tan(a+b)=[(sin a cos a)+(sin b cos b)] [1-(sin a cos a)*(sin b cos b)]  got it?
tome las cervezas!!!!
test day!
bah!
"finally! some time to kick back, relax, throw back a few beers, and be an aimless vigalante on my new gta game "
is sick  meh 
may be moving soon  finally!!!
just took the dogs out to the river  it's so hard to want to do anything school related when it is this nice out 
finally!!! the test is over 
is goin to the brewfest tonight 
tried about  20 different beers at sasquatch!! don't remember which one i liked the best   
needs to get his head back in the game 
can't wait for this term to be over 
is bored with triangles 
is jealous of everyone getting out of school before him  damn you california!
can't wait for brewfest and the rest of his anniversary weekend 
"brewfest night 1 was awesome, can't wait for night 2! got a honeymoon yurt for free for two nights, kickin it on the beach hippie style!"
had an awesome time yurting in newport  went to the oregon coast aquarium and 2 nights of dog brew fest 
"see my lonely life unfold,\i see it every day \see my only mind e playful lode, when i've gone insane! bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! aaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!"
"can you hear the war cry? \it's time to enlist  \the people they speak as one \- the cattle, the crowd  \those too afraid to live\depend on the sacrifice of your life "
bah!
"hates facebook for distorting his photos  it's 2010, shouldn't they be up to date with 12 mp cameras?"
"preregistered for summer and fall term  taking <propmale> ecology with 3 field trips, history of rock, and chemistry iii for summer and engineering, calculus, and physics in the fall  can't wait "
got a job  finnnaaaallllllyyy!
"one more week till vacation! so cal, here i come  but in the meantime, studystudystudystudystudystudy "
"got to see the duplex this morning  tis amazazing, moving in on monday   laugh  no more roommates!"
"the next few days are going to be brutal  moving, finals, and work-monday & tuesday, 13 hour road trip wednesday  but it will be worth it when i'm maxin and relaxin in the warm california sun!"
got into chem 3 finally  now to just take the chem 2 final (just need a b- to get an a in the class) and get as many boxes possible over to the new place before work @ 4pm  good times!
"digs the new house  finally got a peaceful nights sleep  two finals down one to go, then off to cali!!!!"
trig sucks  taking the final today just need a 75% to keep my grade  then        13 hour drive!!!!!!!! yaaaaaa!!!
excelsior!
is finally home  16 hours is way too long to spend in a car  now to bring all of our furniture in from the garage   
"got a fire roarin, drinkin some java, listenin to some good music, and gettin ready to do some more unpacking until work at 4  wooh!"
is working 11 days straight   sad 
starts summer term today  i couldn't be more ambivalent 
"history of rock music seems pretty interesting  no reading, just listening   i can't believe i'm getting credits for this  taking it in the band practice room makes me wanna play sax again "
the 11 day reign of terror has finally come to an end!
supposed to get up to 97 degrees today   daaaannngg 
hates how it takes the school half a century to do anything 
link wray: i love you 
just mowed the lawn and can't stop sweating  i would kill for some ac right about now  maybe i'll just go sit in my car and use the ac in there   
nothin like an ice cold ipa on a hot summer day 
my weekend is over   back to work 
starts <propmale> ecology today  the 6 pm to 9 pm hours suck but we take our first field trip to local old growths this weekend 
can't sleep 
hates closed minded people  welcome to the 21st century you hermits!
"ecology field trip #1: low elevation old growth forests - fall creek, or"
can't wait for my camping trip down in the redwoods 
had an amazing weekend at crater lake 
can't wait for this week to be over 
can't wait to be a lab rat 
had an awesome time camping in the cascades  got to bathe in the hot springs and stand under three waterfalls 
rainy day 
is bored 
"wwaaaaahh? another oil rig e playful losion in the gulf, are you kidding me?"
machete was probably the best movie i've seen all year 
"has the weirdest sleeping patterns lately  2 hours one night, 10 the next, 2 the next, 10 the next, and here i am not tired at all at 1 am   "
with teeth!
has an insatiable appetite for blood!
has the worst insomnia  even taking a sleeping pill didn't help   annoyed 
"off to humboldt for the next couple weeks for a funeral & to make some $$$  rip auntie <propfemale>, your cheerful spirit will be missed "
"finally some good news  got a 3 8 gpa for summer term  would've been a 4 0 if it weren't for that stupid pe class  oh well, peace out girl scouts "
dramarama 
dramarama da lama glama 
just had to spend $570 on books for fall term!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"physics w  calculus, calculus, and engineering (w  calculus) is going to kick my ass this term "
"logarithms, why do you always come back to haunt me???? wwwwhhhhyyyy?????"
homework day! yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!  laugh               not 
oregon better win against <propmale> tonight  this town doesn't need any more excuses for a riot 
my head hurts 
got an a+ on the engineering presentation i started last night and finished this morning  damn i'm awesome 
"awesome, my schedule for next term will be identical to this term's, except i get an extra hour of sleep tuesday thursday  it's nice being done with my ges "
daaaaaaaang  fresh toasted pumpkin seeds are amazing 
"listenin to some <propmale> t & the mgs, bustin out some physics, and drinking coffee like it's water  must be homework day!"
"algebraically find the derivative of the function g(z)=z^2 + z at z=-1  lim h-->0 (g(a+h)-g(a)) h  draw the tangent line, g'(-1) "
has no <propfemale> to do physics homework   annoyed 
i'm doing so much math that it haunts me in my dreams  >:-0
wants a day without homework 
rainy day women # 12 & 35
finally finished the physics problem i started this morning and haven't stopped thinking about since  good thing the due date got extended 
calculus midterm was cake  it's the physics midterm on monday i've gotta worry about   
"brown shugga', how come you taste so good?"
"my plan for the weekend annoyed coffee study study study study eat study study study study eat study study beer beer beer beer sleep coffee eat study study study study eat study study study study eat study study beer beer beer beer sleep  then test first thing monday morning "
"happy halloween  too bad i've got work to do all day  what kind of cruel professor gives a midterm the day after halloween? oh yeah, my physics professor  d-:<"
had nightmares about today's physics midterm 
???
-?_?-
"???\  _"
packabowl 
wackamole 
guacamole 
finally finished with the 6 <propfemale> research paper  now to drive to school like a madman 
"done with calculus homework, no more homework due for the next two weeks!!! then thanksgiving break!!!!! then finals!!!! then christmas break!!!! yeeeee "
it was <propfemale> when i woke up  wha happen?
brrrrr it's 40 degrees
schweeet  got 99% on my calculus test 
"the snow's getting closer  down to 1200 ft  time to go boarding, just have 4 more days till bachelor opens!"
bored  so bored 
bowling's always fun 
"snow day!!! if the schools closed, my midterm gets pushed back!! wooh!"
ssssnnnnooooowwww dddddaaaaaayyyyyyy!!!!! no school!!! which means no exam!!
"well no shave november has come to an end  i've become too attached to the beard, gonna keep it going for a don't shave december  it's nice having a face warmer in the cold weather  it's also nice not having to pull out my id every time i buy beer   "
"i'm pissed! because of a $5 balance, all of my classes for next term got dropped  i have to wait another year to be able to take my engineering class  grrrr!"
it's really funny watching dogs sleep  you can tell they're dreaming about frolicking around chasing squirrels when their feet start twitching and they bark with their mouth's closed 
calculus final today  just need 80% to keep my a in the class 
"finals are done, winter break is upon us!!!!"
holy crap it's nice to have my computer back 
