9bcffd3cc2dd88d4e09e9b4f6d89e384
happy 2010    good grief i turn 35 this year    remember when that was olddddddddddddd?????????
happy new year and to all a good night!  smile  (wrong story i think  smile  )
it's official   i neverrrrrrr have to go back to usafa again! hot damn!
i'm about 5 weeks from being a new yorker!!! (holy schneikes i have a lot of work to do   )
the rockies    damnnnn    just as i go to ny they decide to play again   sheesh  smile 
"i've had as much \fun\"" as i can looking at houses online in ny    wish tues  would come sooner so that i could get back there to look at my ridiculous list of these things!"""
"<propfemale> palin    lmao    i think the funniest thing was kristol saying, \crazy like a fox\"" about the woman--here's hoping she's just going to get her money for her book deal and some silly huckabee kind of thing that i never have to see!!!!"""
i am amazed this <propfirst> <propmale> pandemonium hasn't quite croaked yet  the dude hadn't been relevant for like 15-20 years (aside from in the court room)   
"i was entertained by <propmale> potter--even if i did stay up til 330 in the morning last night (hey, at least i didn't dress up    )"
packing blows!
g  <propmale> <propfemale>    bloody unbelievable--he's too damned lazy to request the public info  doc's from hawai'i that shows the prez was born in the us    and won't believe when he is shown the doc's on the news    ridiculous b s 
cleaning    and doing crappy last bits packing absolutely blows!!! tomorrow is electronics wrapping day though for the movers they come on monday morning bright and early!!!!
"the movers come tomorrow to load our stuff, then we're off to a doubletree for the night (god i love priceline) and then we're off on our epic trip across      smile   smile   smile "
"hire movers to come and pack your shit in a moving truck and not only are they the two wimpiest pos's, but they were lazy, and then they quit before the job was done because one of them had a dr's appt (forget the obvious question of 'why'd you take the #"
"sitting somewhere in indiana    tomorrow--scranton, <propfemale>    had to spend some time in biden's boyhood hood  smile "
"we're in poughkeepsie    waiting on the @#($(e@ cable dude who was supposed to be here almost an hour ago    two phone calls later, still don't know when (and no, i'm not patient    1800 <propmale> and x games to watch is me not patient with service folk who c"
only two more nights of the beastly air beds til we get our comfy cozy bed    yayyyyy
is looking at the ridiculous pile of boxes    the damn things just don't unpack themselves    how rude of them!  smile   smile 
"waiting for the last push of unpacking   clothes, knick knacks (i e , a whole lot of little crap), and pictures   and yes--we've been dragging our feet, but i have purple hair now so that's totally worth it!  smile "
"i now have an external incentive to get the packing finished    a massage (<propmale> really does rock  smile  )    and yes, i needed said external incentive   i'm sick of this!  smile  lol"
"as i look at the pooches sleeping soundly on the bed, i quietly wish to myself that we could trade places  smile   smile   smile     you know    live their overly cush dogster lives  smile "
"<propmale> franks--finally telling nutjobs what they deserve to hear!!! our congress people don't deserve the verbal abuse, name-calling, and bs of uncivil idiots  if we don't like 'em, vote 'em out  if we have something to say, say it with passion and intelligence  and for goodness sakes, if we behave badly, e playful ect to be told off--most of us would in our regular lives!"
"verizon wireless has just confirmed that they are pulling their advertising dollars from the <propfirst> beck show--sweetness!!!!!!! now i can feel better about my cell phone, internet, and tv (whew  smile    "
"i'm contemplating finishing my syllabus    but hey, i don't teach til tuesday!"
have to say wolverine was a very good flick!
curses   i've only scared away one little creature from my classes    hmmm   clearly i've appeared to nice--i have one more <propmale> this week to get more to drop!  smile   smile   smile 
"was going to post about the delight of waiting for the indian food to be delivered, but will add that i, like any one with any level of humanity and sanity believe that no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, add it to your status!  smile "
world of warcraft and or first person zombie killing    hmmmmmm     smile  that's my decision for today!
mmmmmm    wolverine    yummy  smile 
"a fan of the 9th district ny congressman    the man can actually think, articulate what should be the liberal position on health care reform, and is brave enough to speak out "
"who cares if obama called kanye a jackass--he is  but i think the bigger issue is the lack of respect for \off-the-record\"" conversation that has always been respected for the pres--that he can chat before an interview or press conference starts and it's only with the people in the room  that's the story here    not that he called kanye a jackass """
i am loving the fact that south park (comedy central) is advertising the kanye west episode this week    an accident? i think not!  smile   smile   smile   smile 
"hmmm     17 minutes until i get to listen to students proposing their very best ideas for new organizations  of the 7 presentations today (between 2 classes), i predict at least 4 eco-businesses and 3 of those will apologize for the cost of the 'stuff' they're selling     smile "
colorado rockies    nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (even with a huston street blown save)
silly braves    they had hope until today   
"now that i have changed my fb pw, we should be free of commercial ads in my status and back to our regularly scheduled political \wtf\"" questions  smile """
pondering living in other countries  smile 
"huston street    noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo    for a ut alum with only 2 blown saves out of 35 in the regular season, he has to pick the nlds to choke   2 nights in a row????? oyyy veiiiiiiii"
"\34% of adults believe that president obama was born in another country  47% of republicans hold that belief  about a third -- 30% -- say obama is a muslim \"" (middle tn st univ  poll) good grief we are a stupid people   """
waiting for <propmale> so that we can go get some indian food   
mmmmmm    indian food   yummy
"grading, research, service, advising 29 freshmen, and 3 new class preps for next semester    good grief, this is like a real job  smile "
i've procrastinated long enough   the articles don't write themselves dammit!
"shockingly between 1 smile 0am and 9am on a monday tuesday, there just aren't that many status updates    gives pause  smile  "
procrastinating    taken to an <propmale> form!
hmmm    northwest airlines computer system    really? 24 hours in advance of 410pm can't mean 404pm?  smile   smile   smile   smile 
my friends who are going to be in chicago    call    there is much amock running to be done this week!!!!
nca update: brain full    great risk and crisis communication    brain full    must empty with alcohol!  smile 
"i have realized that if i'm going to wear heels, i cannot just break 'em out when i come to nca    two days of heel hell and my feet protest    i am now wearing comfy shoes and adjusting wardrobe selections  smile "
my friends that i got to see at nca    was great to see you!!!!!!!! i know i didn't get to spend enough time with most of you    but was at least nice to touch base!
"i just soooo kicked that paper's ass    it only took a year, but dammit it's done!  smile "
<propfemale> day before the christmas season officially kicks off!  smile 
i contributed to the economy today    for my mom    helped her shop online    nothing like the 2000 mile away shopping trip  smile 
yeah   ummm   1 second    seriously ut--that was a bit too much of a squeaker   but go ut!  smile 
"what? you mean that as an academic, you don't have ridiculous amounts of free time--go around doing nothing all day with your pipe and elbow-padded jacket on? grrrrrrrrrrrr"
i'm in denial about my grading      here's the really bad part    i don't actually have to submit my grades until dec  28   curse the procrastination enabling!
hmmm     i should be grading but i'm going for a much overdue hair appointment      smile  ha ha   take that procrastination!
brain numb         no more worky   i think i should grade with beer   
"i find that the most valuable news stories are the non-story news stories   (i e , <propmale> franken keeping to the same 10 <propfemale> speaking time that had been enforced all day), but what i found most telling was mccain's grandstanding about 'all his years in the senate' having never seen something as horrible    give me a break "
weather didn't fuck up my holiday travels    no no no    some douche bag who leaves the wrong plane at the gate (and an hour and a half delay) mean that i'm going home to spend christmas with <propmale> and the dogs     probably better in the long run!  smile 
i'm hoping to do nothing productive tomorrow nor christmas day!!!!  smile 
happy holidays all!!!!!!!!!!!!
"amazing, isn't it that the quality of your teaching is directly proportional to how well some students do in class  smile "
happy new year my friends! bottom's up!  smile   smile   smile 
"so, we've been watching the first three seasons of mad men    love it    and really looking forward to season 4 when the whiney mrs  draper hopefully goes away    good grief she's an unsympathetic piece of    fluff"
has anyone else noticed that <propfirst> <propfirst> is really beginning to look like the crypt keeper?
work    hmmm    can't i jus be a professional slacker?
"i have a 24\ monitor at work now    it's very very cool    i know   sad but the small things matter  smile """
bloody hell    so close to a come back to fumble    come on horns    poor freshman kid!
"grrrr   misfortune, bad ref'ing, and a young replacement qb who did alright    hook 'em anyhow"
"so, i've been 'earning' on my check rewards for a couple of years now    and i buy almost everything on my check card (wish i could do rent that way) and now have earned enough points for a $50 worth of something    hmmmm    really?!"
"you know    i made it through 15 mins of the <propfirst> beck, <propfemale> palin hour-long sit down    i was proud of myself  smile  lmao"
conference proposals based on wine consumption    now that's the kind of research we need to see more of!
"first day of classes tomorrow   yeah, i think a couple more hours of warcraft sound good! (hey my syllabi are all ready to go, my camera ready in the hope that i learn at least half their names before the end of the semester, and i swear to all that is holy if my upstairs neighbor doesn't quit clomping around from 11-3am we may have to have a beat down)"
i really do believe that the support and mobilization for haiti is great    now i wonder why we fail to show such action about other stuff that matters (and i mean both government and people) 
"tgif     t-minus 2 hours until i go get my drink on!!!!! (yes, i have a class on friday afternoon that ends at 445    really??????)"
i just found out that snookie on jersey shore (i watch the soup   that's why i know about it) is from poughkeepsie    that's kind of embarrassing and i'm just a new resident    poor natives  smile 
"needy graduate students could drive me up a wall    just do your readings, do your homeworks, and contribute to the conversation    this isn't rocket science people!!!!"
"i love my new employer    they're supportive, they're nice, and they pay when we do extra work    who knew that could happen?"
"so    i'll summarize part of obama's speech last night    dem's grow a sac, republicans    suck it   smile  i liked it  smile "
"it's now 11, i have my broom handle ready to beat on the ceiling   but i remain hopeful (you know, kind of like obama    hopeful, but not reall) that i won't have to use it after my upstairs neighbor received the note from the office suggesting that quiet hours are appropriate in an apartment complex  smile   smile "
the funniest thing of the day    seriously    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nkr3-dng_sa
"grrrrrr    listening to all these jackasses arguing against repeal of don't ask don't tell is just frustrating--let's put this in the appropriate frame    the same types of arguments were used when the military was racially integrated and when women joined the force  just insert \black\"" anywhere someone says \""gay\"" and see how all that sounds!"""
just sayin'     once someone begins ironic discourse they have to be up for additional ironic discourse  smile 
still enjoying the smack obama put down at the gop event in <propfemale>    i say more british style question time   both parties invited!!!!  smile 
fb--quick pissing around with your front <propfemale> layout    your bored web designers need to drink less caffine and go do something else   
"so    the saints won   (good on them), but in the political breakdown, more dem's had supported the saints and more gop had supported the colts    surely this foretells amazing things for the dem party   omg    100% majority in both houses     (please note sarcasm here  wink  )"
"the us spends 17% on health care compared to about 7% in the uk  the us still as 30-45 million people with no health coverage and if you're the lucky customer of anthem, you probably are seeing a double-digit increase in your health coverage  it's not that their systems are inherently better    there are +'s and -'s on both sides  it's that our side is inhumane if you cannot afford it and it simply costs too much "
"fyi maladaptive and vindictive strategies for retribution on the neighbor worked    since her early morning wake up with heavy metal coupled with 10 minutes of mocking her idiocy for complaining (to her face, btw) has worked  she hasn't been a disruptive cow since    hmmmm    this does not reinforce the pro-social efforts i began with for a month  smile "
"i am now a huge fan of <propfirst> friedman--not only does she point out that palin has no sense of humor but that she sees palin's use of her child as cheap political drama  this is, of course, the simplest e playful lanation for palin's repeated calls for rahm's resignation and defense of rush   "
i'm sooooo looking forward to the thursday health care meeting     esp  with the republican line up that's going  i'll either be yelling at the tv or cheering loudly at the tv  smile 
i'm sooooo looking forward to the thursday health care meeting     esp  with the republican line up that's going  i'll either be yelling at the tv or cheering loudly at the tv  smile 
is it bad that i am probably hoping classes are canceled tomorrow as much as my students? i'm just sooooo not in the mood to teach tomorrow!
yay    classes are cancelled today!!!!
hmmm   advisees drop by without appointments and i don't yet know their names    not awkward at all
"omfg    i think that the people at verizon are \special\""    i'm on hold for the third time today while they cannot get the dates for our move correctly put into their system  thank goodness for online order summaries so that i can check on their work    oyyy vei"""
"<doing a little dance around the room> i'm going to amsterdam in july     smile   smile   smile  and now, i just have to see if i'm also going to braga, portugal right after  wink "
i think my hubby kind of rocks    he let me work all weekend while he cleaned our omg filthy new house (upside   we didn't have to pay rent for march   downside    we'll spend about the same getting the house cleaned and decorated the way we want   c'est la vie  smile  )    bonus on 2 fronts--i got work done and i hate cleaning    he's kind of cool    i think i may keep him around  laugh 
"so    we found one of the shades of red that in a flat finish     doesn't    4 coats of paint and my <propfemale> with painting later (that is after painting about 1200 other sf of house), we're going to bust out the semi-gloss in the same color   call the existing 4 coats a lovely primer and say \suck it red\"""""
"in the last several days, i have built fence, laid artificial turf (place for dogs to use as a toilet, doesn't get muddy, washes with a hose, and requires no other maintenance   ) which came in bastarding heavy rolls, painted the house (omg, we have bright walls), and am excited to report that one more day until the house is ready     and then i just have to pack    hmmm     good grief i hate moving!"
so     i am sooooo totally and completely in the world of apathy--i just don't freakin' care   smile 
"more than half way done with grad  student term papers (grades due monday), the painting in the house is nearly done, and i've even started my packing in the apt (we're moving thursday    it's not like i'm ahead of the game here), but at least progress  by the time we're done with this onslaught, <propmale> and i are going to be dead to the world, but     we'll be out of our apt and i'll be caught up on grading!"
"omfg    verizon      5 phone calls, 3 hours, and they cannot find our internet and phone move order    you have got to be joking   at least we have tv at the new house--somehow they managed to process that one "
"i am without internet at home for 6 days  yesterday was the breaking point    i was transferred from dept  to dept  with verizon about 13 times (no joke) after knowing what the issue was and what needed to be done to resolve it  #13 was to the order sales dept  to cancel our order (i suggested very delicately   cough cough) that their customer service \lacked\"" """
i am off     (pausing for comic effect because i know what y'all were thinking anyhow)    to get some supplies so that we can continue the unpacking journey    holy cow i hate moving soooo much!
i have internet at home again    things are right in the world again  smile 
go rockies    nice start! even if the win was a little ugly in the 9th    the rest of the game was a solid domination!  smile 
chaos!!!!!!!!!!!!
april 15     doh     i have to get <propmale> something     (it's his bday)
so many book ideas    already behind on research     like i have the damn time!
<propmale> boyle    dude!!!!!! you've got to feel like a goat!
"want to stop bitching and whining about quizzes when teaching research methods? use the quiz grades as a data analysis activity,walk students through chi-square and anova letting them come to the conclusions that: (1) the assessments met their goals; (2) they were fair; and (3) stats can help in rational decision making  then tell them what they just spent the last 45 minutes analyzing    suck it  smile   smile  muah ha ha ha"
"boooooooom    buh-bye avs    i guess somehow you managed to snatch defeat from    oh wait--your incredibly lucky first few games to <propfemale> with a team who had to find their post-season stride while you were <propfemale>ing on the coat tails of a goalie playing especially well    stupid av's commentators, coach, and arrogant boys"
is it wrong that my biggest goal for today is going to sleep?  smile   smile   smile 
"just follow directions    really? is it that hard???? and no, we're not talking about conscietious objections and civil disobedience   we're talking students finishing their damned work"
"saying au-re-vore (yes, i know it's misspelled   that's the point) to refined corn syrup and sugars     how, you ask? by drinking a rootbeer and having some cookies    but dammit    there we go  smile "
"itsy bitsy spider drifted down from the ceiling in front of me    itsy bitsy spider is squashed  smile   clearly, i'm not a buddhist "
oh futility    
"well, the sharks are down 5-0 in the first    i think we'll watch something else and come back to it saturday  smile "
"student: \where am i supposed to coordinate with my group on the final paper?\"" my response: \""ummm    not sure given that i'm not in the group and y'all had to coordinate that \"" yeah   that leaves me hopeful     not"""
"i get through stuff on my \to do\"" list like some kind of mad banshee    then i look again just to realize that i have things on the list    bollocks!"""
"i mean    really     just follow directions--then i won't require beer to grade final projects, yell at the computer, and give up in a frustrated fit for the weekend!"
oh graduations      i think the most annoying part of them    parking issues!
"omfg, i am an idiot    just a tip   when you have a 5 iv study and one of those iv's requires a little more work to run the interactions, don't forget    i did and of course it's the #)($%()#()@ iv that interacts with everything  more annoying? i was done writing the results section and just getting everything together for discussions    kill me now!"
after a moment of gigantic idiocy today (see previous frustration  smile  )    the paper for a conference in portugal is finito    and my brain hurts    thinking and data analysis are baaaaaad 
omg    air conditioning    i think that we have to go buy some window a c's soon    our oven is much like a house  wink 
oh americans   we don't actually know what our civil rights are     a guy spouting off in my class asserted that 'our constitutional rights protect us from being video taped like london does    ' lol   ummm    no they don't
"so    here's my thing    when we have technology that can improve the outcomes of sporting events    let's use it  let's embrace the reality of booth review for critical plays in baseball, football (proper    you know    soccer), and anything else that doesn't already use technology>>> goood god!"
"woken by puking dog at 145am     on the bedspread (oh 2am laundry how i love thee), on the wood floor (easy to clean), and on the rug by the bed    lovely    waiting up with the little beast to see if we can safely go back to bed    lovely    just lovely "
so     2 of 4 games <propmale> puts the wrong dudes on the field to start    
fifa and video review on goals   doesn't even have to stop  slow down the game    but every goal should be reviewed   we have the technology sheesh
dear little computer    why must you be so damn slow to render 16 minute online lectures for my students?????
"going to be in spain when the world cup final is on     rooting for the netherlands (quietly,"
going to be in spain when the world cup final is on    rooting for the netherlands (quietly of course since i'll be in spain  wink  because if the netherlands wins i get to be there allllll week for the fun to follow!
"in espana watching the world cup in the bar (ran upstairs during half time) with a bunch of spanish fans after walking around downtown madrid with everyone coming in    though i want the dutch to win, this doesn't suck as a sporting co-viewing e playful erience\ smile   smile "
enjoyed the dutch celebration of the wc final on tuesday    noticing that i could quite happily live in the netherlands!  smile 
lovin' edinburgh
"so    i don't know whether it's the pushy spaniard travelers (uniquely them  ), the annoying children, <propfirst> air, madrid, or what but the combination of all of them make for an incredibly sucktastic airport e playful erience    oy vei     at least we're happily in braga, portugal now    very beautiful here!!!"
"hates verizon (not verizon wireless    that's a lovely branch of their corporation    but the jackass phone, internet, tv branch of the corporation that they do not staff competently, cannot get anything right) soooooooo much!"
"glad to be home    my own bed, pooches, and i suppose <propmale> too  wink   smile  is nice!"
"american soccer commentators     'yeah, we have two of the best coaches in the game here tonight    <propmale> arena and sir <propfirst> ferguson'    really? they think that arena is even in the same league as ferguson? seriously     here's a moment for a south park \really?!???\"" good grief """
"if you ever want to get your blood pressure up, just go onto aol or yahoo news, read a story (pretty much any story, but the best ones mention obama) and just watch the lunatics    good god it's astounding that these people exist (sorta, but not really    )"
cook    dude    seriously?!
"contemplating going to bed   but it's so damned hot     next summer   a c in all of our rooms, not just the tv room    dammit!  smile "
"what's the dealio with non-standardized usb connectors for cameras, phones, etc  etc  seriously    make them all the same because i'm tired of trying to keep track of like 4 different ones!"
the profile photo    was on actual boxes of cigarettes for sale in the duty free shop in portugal    made me laugh!
"i think that we just vacuumed, dusted, and swept about 4 dogs off the floors  rugs (and ps, everything was done 2 weeks ago and the doggies get brushed often)    fur balls"
"<propfemale>    in my continuing week of dog cleaning issues    so ummm    if you live on the east coast, in particular (you know, one of the buggiest places for animals), make sure that your flea collar is all kinds of good to go because otherwise you have itchy dogs that you then have to bathe and a house to delouse with lavender and cedar tree oils diluted in water    oh joy  now i'm itchy just knowing that  grrrr "
contemplating    something  wink 
"sooo    ummmm    my friends    for any of you with ridiculous student <propfemale> debt that you really cannot afford to pay back at the moment    do any of the institutions that you work for offer an education credit? or would the couple of thousand bucks per semester that you might pay for a part-time student status be less than your student <propfemale>s? if so, you can obtain an in-school deferment on your <propfemale>s  just sayin' "
"totally understand and agree with hawpe's release (rockies), but still sad to see him go    good guy, good player, good representative of the game of baseball    hopefully he gets picked up soon!"
"completely not amused at the smell of skunk in my backyard    though i suppose in the yard is better than on the dogs, but still    we're good with the wild cats, the squirrels, the ground hogs, but no skunks (and yes, we live in downtown poughkeepsie)"
"does anyone else really hate watching history channel documentaries (e g , the ancient mariners one, the mayan ones) making claims about an in-depth investigation, only to have two hours of your life sucked away by complete trite crap????? you'd think we'd learn, but alas    "
the dogs demand attention    having a little black dog trying to crawl on my lap while i'm typing is not conducive to getting much typing done    silly puppies    clearly no warcraft before bed tonight    cuddling on the couch with the dogs  smile 
new syllabi mostly done     check     website content ready to send to departmental secretary     check     invitation to debate tournament written (don't ask)    check    three research projects that need to be rolling    doh    i knew there was something i hadn't done    damn  smile 
"love it    sooo    ummm     the dodgy questionably 'terrorist' funding that the park 51 mosque has? yeah   that's the same dodgy questionably 'terrorist' funding that fox news gets (i e , its largest owner outside of the murdoch family)    at least <propfirst> <propmale> does journalism while he's making his comedy show    good grief "
"not amused   have always liked watching the cardinals    am now dismayed that larussa and pujols are going to beckapalooza  do they really think it's not going to be political? and, p s  pujols has been a very strong advocate against the arizona immigration law craziness   does he not realize what beck supports????!!!!"
first day of classes tomorrow    i don't teach til wed     hmmmm    suppose i should do something constructive to create the illusion that i'm a good faculty member before then  wink 
class tonight    munchies and caffeine before    i think so!
and now    some warcraft!
"i so believe that it's friday and one of the many things i love about my job (especially since i don't teach on fridays this semester) is that when i'm just not in the mood to work, i can go home    i believe i'll do just that"
"hmmm    i've definitely not been productive this weekend, but it's labor day   that's alright isn't it?  smile "
damn   it's a bit chilly tonight    think i'm going to have to turn off the fans in my room and may even close a window   
"work, grocery shopping, work, grocery shopping    i suppose we want food in the house (and a great way to procrastinate working) "
"it's official    ny is buggier than texas    round 2 of fighting fleas   this time, we're going for pills (that hopefully won't make the doggies feel crap like the topical) "
going to the rally to restore sanity    should be interesting!  smile 
"annoyed this morning when, coming out of the public library, i have to pass a bunch of the elderly (naturally, mostly men) with hateful signs protesting planned parenthood    if they're so damned worried about kids--go volunteer, be a <propmale> parent grandparent, etc  instead of intimidating all women (including the 95% who have nothing to do with abortion at planned parenthood) who might need to use the organization "
"oh rockies, my rockies    pitching    really    truly   seriously   "
"oh rockies, my rockies    the pitching wasn't pretty, but the hitting was!!!!!"
"contemplating work, but i'm on facebook     smile "
i have been on facebook for hours    and i can legitimately say it was for a good reason (research)   
contemplating bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese      yummy  smile 
"seriously in 5 months the bp case has produced thousands of pages of press releases, news stories, twitter, facebook posts, etc  my head may e playful lode before i get this stuff downloaded and ready for my org  comm  <propfemale> class "
"to all of my academic  teaching friends out there    just an fyi    if you have the kids buy  read one book, the tests and the assignments should logically follow from that book unless you really clearly offer additional information in lectures, etc  otherwise, just not cool!"
gotta say   finance is really pretty boring stuff   
two weeks until the rally for sanity    just checked the hotel prices in dc    cheapest room within a mile of the mall is going for around $500    soooooooo glad that i booked rooms the day after the rally was announced    totally stoked that we're going!  smile   smile   smile   smile 
"so    hangin' with the 'rents and my dad says, 'obama should be impeached   he's a traitor and dangerous to the country    ' the irony   he doesn't watch fox news    that's how effective their messaging is"
getting ready to go to the rally to restore sanity    stoked!  smile 
t-minus 16 hrs and 40 mins til the rally  smile   smile 
"the rally was    reasonable (i e , damned cool)    i have photos     smile   smile   smile   smile "
"contemplating bed, but i think i'm too tired to hike up the stairs  smile "
"email late tonight from an advisee: \with registration being two days away i figured it would be a good  idea to shoot you an email so that we could meet and i could be  enabled  let me know any time in the next two days you are available  and i will 100% be there \"" lmao    seriously?!"""
bored    very very bored   
nothing like sitting on hold with verizon (not wireless    the douches who do their residential service) to clear up a billing error that they've made   
"so, at some point you realize you don't really have hobbies (and i don't really think that drinking can be considered a hobby   and wow doesn't really count either), so the question is what do i want to do? i'm not the quilting <propfemale> type, i read all day long, and i'm not going to take up marathon running, so no    so my friends    what do you all do for random fun?  smile   smile   smile "
"and my big question for the rest of the evening   a movie or some dvr'd tv    decisions, decisions (i know you're riveted by the excitement    settle down now) "
"best text message tonight    graduate student whose 150 pages of coding (i e , a 2-week assignment), which is due tomorrow texts me to tell me she can't open a  docx file    my response    ummm    wow    you're just now figuring that out? ouch     smile  lol"
"guy with a leaf blower, after dark in a pretty strong wind  ironic? pathetic? just damned funny? discuss       smile "
waiting for <propmale> potter to start    totally didn`t realize it was opening tonight   
"so, seriously    a thursday night midnight showing is too late for a bus load of 11-13 year olds to be on a damned field trip to see <propmale> potter  yet, the only annoying ones in the theatre were sitting squarely behind me    despite that    <propmale> potter    good flick    i hope they filmed part 2 at the same time and we'll get it soon!  smile "
because i liked the daily show darn it     http annoyed  www facebook com #! thedailyshow?v=app_173841185960590
"so, my dog (xander    the pest) has decided of late that when he doesn't want me to be on the computer, he jumps up on my leg, whines, barks, and finally bites me    the demanding little shit "
happy thanksgiving    
happy thanksgiving and now back to data analysis   
flowing snot is a bit of a nuisance    
"contemplating the creation of abbreviations and communication     my mom signs every email to me lol    (letting it sink in for a moment)     she means \lots of love\""  smile   smile  i just don't have the heart to tell her what it actually means because i'm the only one she sends it to """
oh celebrity rehab    you're kind of like crack    i just can't help it      smile 
all excited for the wow release at midnight    great if it's midnight on the west coast    poopy if you live on the east coast (yes i'm a nerd    was this a surprise?)
"<sigh> once again, we're at the end of the semester and there's much grading to do    i think i need to reconsider pedagogically sound assignments requiring a lot of feedback and move to an old-fashioned test the hell out of 'em approach  smile   smile   smile   smile "
intrigued at both obama`s tone during press conference about the tax compromise as well as the <propmale> stumping for it    hmmmm
snow     oh and here you are     hmmmmm
bonus about the snow    sending little black dogs out in the yard with snow on the ground = i can actually see the little monsters at night!  smile   smile 
"a lovely debate club team holiday party tonight    good kids, good food (and yes, <propmale>    i did cook  wink  ), and two dogs who had 3 hours of non-stop stimulus and excitement    they're now crashed"
dude    my grad students are killin' me    less freaking out    more 'just do it'
"here are 6 gop who will just do the right thing (that is after they get a ridiculous tax deal to support the rich)    good on them     sens  <propfirst> brown of massachusetts, <propfemale> collins and <propfemale> j  snowe of maine, <propfemale> murkowski of alaska, <propfirst> <propmale> of illinois, and <propfirst> voinovich of ohio -- joined 56 democrats in support of the measure to repeal dadt "
omg   two conversations with master's students today who were picking data to report in their results section that only supported their conclusions    and they seemed genuinely surprised when i suggested that might be bad idea    helloooooo i remember learning about the scientific method in like 7th grade science class     dude    seriously 
"one class completely finished    one more on its way    and awaiting the onslaught of graduate papers    i think i'll have left over brie pizza (pastry, brie, homemade cranberry sauce, and pecans) and bacon-wrapped gorgonzola stuffed dates for dinner and then kill stuff in the world of warcraft    a lovely pairing i think  smile "
"dadt is legally gone    now come the months for implementation    peek out of the closet, don't quite burst out yet  wink "
<propfemale> christmas!
soooo     a foot of snow and still going strong   
"with more than a foot of snow, it still snowing like a mad banshee, and visibility so low that i can't see across to the houses about 100 yards away, i finally finished 23 graduate papers and so am officially finished with my fall semester    holy buckets!"
"when the dogs can`t see over the snow, you know you have to shovel them a path to pee "
it's nice and <propfemale>    now perhaps the sun will melt the silly snow that has been plowed and snowblown in front of the garage so that we can get <propmale>'s car out    me thinks we're going to be shoveling  smile 
work? movies tv?    now there's a challenging decision  wink 
"it's chilly    (and yes, i'm aware that it's mid-january on the east coast    sheesh) "
"watching my weird dogs frolicking in the cold weather and snow in the backyard--both of their faces are covered with snow, barking at the squirrel who has the audacity to run across the top of their fence, and all i can think is that i could totally use a beach right now!"
"i have to get up early tomorrow    i have to be to work by 930am    (yes, that is absurd   that's why i like being a professor  smile  )"
15-20 mins before <propmale> gets home and we get to spend the weekend together    a moment of yay  smile 
"woooo hooo!!! some weather stripping, <propfemale> wrap, and scotch tape just eliminated the virtual breeze of cold air flowing in from the window right beside my desk    i now no longer require the rest of the living room to be 800 degrees in order to keep my fingers nimble enough to type  smile "
more snow  how delightfully quaint 
my students are working hard on an in-class assignment    i'm on fb    it's justice  smile 
"samsung galaxy tab    you're on your way to me    i'm kind of stoked about this    sad, but true  smile "
my new toy came (galaxy tab)    resisting the urge to play with it til i get more work done   
on my zippy galaxy tab and on a bus heading to nyc for a gamer concert   they needed a chaperone    and i'm the responsible adult they found     sad
"still ranting that a book publisher would allow some 10th grade educated, non-english speaking idiot to edit a book chapter, reverse the central thesis, gut the analysis to make room for two cheesy-ass photos    grrrrrrrrrrr"
burrrrrrrrr    so over this winter thing
who the hell thought the black eyed peas were appropriate for the superbowl? holy buckets   so so sad 
the free flow of snot is almost less desirable than the congestion that is the other option at the moment    blech
nothing like the milgram e playful eriment video as a cheery way to end the day    
i am sooooo completely and totally over today    piss off wednesday!
"    thinks <propfirst>'s day is a funny social e playful eriment to make those with partners feel pressured and those without partners to feel bad for themselves    everyday is <propfirst>'s day    no days are <propfirst>'s day (now, this doesn't mean i reject flowers, dinners, or other assorted goodies  wink , just sayin' it's a bit of a silly social e playful ectation)"
<propfemale> hathaway is way adorable and <propfirst> franco looked stoned the whole time  smile 
debate tournaments    hmmmm   
day 1 of the marist tournament done--congrats wky for 1st in open and st  a's for 2nd open
and congrats for rice for closing out <propmale>!
congrats to rice (1st jr  ld) and wky (closing out open ld today)  thanks to the marist debaters for their really hard work to get ready for their tournament this year (and letting an old debate addict play a little  wink  )  and thanks to everyone who joined us in poughkeepsie this weekend!!! we appreciated it! i'll post full results on the marist debate and advocacy fb <propfemale> in the next day or two 
wednesdays = beer      i likey!
"seriously    i don't think the bass that rattles my windows in my house and drives my dogs crazy from a block away is necessary in your car    and dammit, that's not just me getting older    that just hurts"
a night of <propfemale> the vampire slayer makes everything better!  smile 
"6-10 inches of snow forecast in over the next 36 hours    seriously? winter    piss off, don't you know that punxsutawney <propmale> predicted an early spring    "
"here's a thought for us all     if i had £2 50, it would take $4, and 5 libyan dinars to equal the same  ouch    we have a highly desirable currency  wink "
"some bacon and sauteed onion gorgonzola risotto, a couple hours of chillaxin', and then reviewing an <propfemale> thesis proposal, doing course management stuff online, and rounding out my fun-filled evening with working my mid-tenure review packet    thank goodness for the risotto!  smile "
"delicious irony for today     the new york \environmental conservation\"" police car was an suv  smile """
opening day for the rockies    all is well in the world!
great to see that the mlb officials are starting the year with the same shitty calls that they finished last year for the rockies    two fairly obvious blown calls    both important    grrrrrrr
student advising   it's like the movie groundhog day--except having the same conversation about 40 times in two weeks   
so    when you have a sign-up sheet posted and there's a name on a line already for a time slot    does that really communicate the time is available? good grief   
"and now to make a steak, onion, gorgonzola pizza with balsamic vinegar for the 'drizzled sauce'      smile  yum"
"you know what bothers me (you know, aside from rashes  wink  )    all of this talk about reducing the deficit and cutting spending    the politicians won't talk about who's paying their fair share     for instance companies with $5 billion dollar profits and no taxes due when small businesses pay taxes, when the custodial staff at ge facilities pay taxes    let's be serious"
"omg    <propfemale> palin has two books out?! i think that's prolly more whole books than she's read  wink  (yes, that last part was snarky    so what)"
loving my rockies    finally a nice start (knocking on wood) to a season and not everyone's firing on all cylinders yet    groovy
you know know i know it's warming up (aside from the obvious temperature changes)     the creepy crawlies (specifically gigantic spiders and centipedes) come back out and up into the house     charming  old houses with dirt basements     ick 
holy buckets     
$1 million compound 35 <propmale> north of islamabad    yep   that's some cave living that i could cope with  smile 
"as stated on msnbc, \the pucker factor for those special operations units had to increase    \"" really?! pucker factor?! c'mon dude    let's not talk out our asses on national tv   """
into the belly of the beast    you know    grading    my head already hurts  wink 
just follow directions    that's all i ask     then everyone would be happier     smile 
just follow directions    that's all i ask     then everyone would be happier     smile 
oh kill me now    the smurf movie     but stoked to watch thor in 3d
sorry to all about the spam    i can only blame <propmale> for that one!  smile  ha ha ha
all the old conservatives hate socialism until the gop has the brilliant idea to basically gut medicare    silly gop  wink  muah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
"so the head of the fcc that oversaw the merger of nbc and comcast making a media conglomerate that might    well    wading in the world of monopoly, just took a vp position with comcast    really?! she didn't even wait for the ink to try    unbelievable "
4 days of no sun     <sigh>
"well    we're half way through the end of days and gotta say, i'm not impressed with this armageddon "
"ha!!! the last of my grades were submitted a full 9 minutes before the 12pm deadline    (yes, i am the model for procrastination of grading!  smile  ) let the summer begin (please soon   it's kind of chilly still)!"
"i think i'll take a short nap    why? because i can, of course "
paper written    pooped   
5 o'clock should really only be seen once a day     just sayin'!
@ spiderman    intermission of first act     very good show (& yes i mean the broadway musical)
"seriously, all i wanted was a dunkin coffee     then i go and lock myself out of the house     grrrrr    "
"oh <propfirst> weiner    you and tiger woods share so much in common    you know--except for the actually having sex with other women thing  wink   the question will be   can you perform once you come back from treatment? so far, tiger hasn't    let's hope you can  wink "
"damn rockies     but put helton on to pinch hit, not the new guy    almost though"
"just got a call from my 'gym' (i e , where i go swim   ) saying, 'you haven't been in for a while   we're hoping everything's alright    ' my translation 'dude, get your lazy ass to the gym'    "
dammit <propfirst> weiner    
to the women (yes plural) of my neighborhood    
the state of ny has done the right thing today    totally stoked    now for the budget issues   
waiting on a lecture to render into an mp4     i do love the online lecture in the convenient mp4 format so they can take my ppt and narration with them in any mobile device  smile 
and now back to grading my summer class    not that i'm a couple of weeks behind    and then more data entry    thrill-omedy!
"just because it's over 90 at 10am with a heat index of a sweaty version of hell does not, and i repeat does not excuse the following apparel choice walking around town: overly stretched and opaque white leggings, white polka dotted granny panties (though better than a thong) fully visible, and a 2 sizes too small bright orange shirt  this ends the community service announcement for today "
go go new york state  smile      everything else aside how about an estimated $400 million a year addition to the nys economy? wins on all fronts   
"rip <propmale> <propmale>    july 13, 1916 - july 29, 2011    an old cowboy    the stories (even if he took a while to tell one) and the man will be missed "
"first time at <propfemale> woods (i e , woodstock)    awesome venue  good concert, but i have to say that my favorite moment of the evening     a dude vacuuming the stage (see the mobile uploads for evidence) in between acts  really?!"
dear lord    must not read idiot comments at the end of news stories    and then if i accidentally scroll     must not engage the idiots    
"wow    while i disagree with huntsman's politics, i do like him    i'm alarmed that gingrich sounds like a voice of relative reason  romney doesn't look quite as pretty as he did in 2008, but still seems like a too slick salesman  and then there are the rest    "
"in a bi-partisan way    i really hate the phrase \grow the economy\""    such a ridiculous sounding phrase """
"damn    \as president would you be submissive to your husband?\"" <propfemale> bachman e playful lains her position of submission as \""respect\""    does that come with a safe word?  smile """
funny story     sitting watching tv and a bat is flying around our kitchen and living room  we have no idea how the little shit got in (assuming it snuck in while letting the dogs in and waiting on xander to meander in)  nothing like watching two people trying to herd a bat out with a broom while ducking for cover    
celebrating the 15th anniversary of my ability to drink legally   smile 
"so, here's the thing    up here in the hudson valley, we had some heavy rain and a little wind out of this hurricane thing  and now there's like 80,000 people without power  how the hell does that work? oh wait, i know    third world quality infrastructure  we spent the money in the 50's and 60's and haven't done much since  i think it's time that we revisit this and rebuild      "
and the new semester starts tomorrow    bollocks!
t-minus 2 days til the uk for about 10 days!  smile 
sitting at boston <propfirst> with <propfemale> donohue drinking a beer and waiting for our flight      smile   smile 
"flying off the coast of maine      headed towards newfoundland, awaiting my complementary beer! (you know, the important things)"
"we have landed across the pond, taken in most of two rugby games (pics later) and now our very jet lagged and sleep deprived selves are chillin   "
"<propfemale> donohue and i've had a great time in london (errr     done work too   seriously, we have), despite the dampness, and tomorrow morning we're heading to leeds for the conference   smile  we'll post pics sometime soon    but now we have to pack    grrrr    mountains of mess to re-organize"
"alrighty     so leeds is a pretty cool city  we found a great beer bar, indulged, and had pies, cheese, meat, and bread    tomorrow we present     smile   smile   smile "
"yorkshire pudding    check and yum, local microbrews     check and yum, local cheeses and breads   check and yum, local wines      check and yum (oh yeah and a good paper presentation)"
"home    great trip, but glad to be home and sleeping in my own bed  smile "
foo fighters are awesome    treating the westboro baptists with the disdain and mockery they deserve while entertaining others  smile 
"dammit facebook    quit fucking around with the look and settings  you're not improving the damn <propfemale>, only making it more annoying "
comforting    yesterday at 1am there was a shooting about 4 blocks from the house  reason #23984 why it'll be nice to live outside of <propfemale> sometime soon!  smile 
"wow    sharp slap of reality    a high school classmate of mine has a kid in college (and no, she didn't have her before the end of high school)  holy buckets of getting old "
"dear mother nature: if you haven't noticed it's autumn; you know, the time of year when the mornings are crisp and cool and it's not sticky and sweaty  just thought that i would remind you  please rectify the situation asap    "
"the plastic surgery procedure    the \pippa middleton butt lift\"" is just an indicator that our celebrity worshiping vapid society has lost its collective mind  good grief!!!!!"""
having a beer at jfk    waiting on my flight to head to denmark   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
oh silly students    you can't procrastinate on coding and data entry    i do love the excuses along with the brutal blunt honesty as they realize they've screwed themselves  smile   smile   smile   smile  it makes a very jet-lagged me giggle  smile   and now i think i'll go wash my face and comb my hair    oh yeah    and brush the film of ewwww off my teeth     oh how glamorous travel is    
"there's definitely something lovely after the good god long travel day to coming to your b&b (which is less e playful ensive than any of the conference hotels), finding that it's a huge room, comfy, showering away the travel ick, and learning that you get homemade bread and jams for breakfast    nice    (oh yeah, and denmark is pretty, rainy at the moment, but pretty  smile  lots of quaint towns)"
ok     so i clearly needed more instructions on the washing machine     i didn't realize that i had to switch gears manually to complete the damn wash     2 hours later (crazy european thing)     lol
"dear <insert diety, politician, statue, or what the hell ever you might pray to here> condenser driers are the shittiest invention ever! thank goodness we don't have them    hour 5 of trying to dry my friggin' clothes so that i can pack them    they're about 90% there, so hopefully they dry over night    but holy buckets of you've got to be kidding me!"
"so, i'm hanging out in denmark's third largest airport looking at all 4 of their gates staffed by the same folks at the ticket counter   eating some amazing cheese, bread, and amazing chocolate  small countries a nifty "
<sigh> about to head home      and teach tomorrow    gak
i was only away from my email for a day and a half and it's outta control    
i love it when other meetings leave sandwiches and other goodies      free lunch  smile 
