531554c0cf617a03c24b66084263e4e8
"2 me april was the funnest month cuz i did pretty cool stuff such as, going 2 prom wit cool friends , and going 2 california and having a blast wit my dad , and going 2 <propfirst>'s awesome grad party   i can't say anymore and it couldn't get better like this "
oh yeah i forgot actually we the autos program actually had a carshow too
"high school is over , shit i cant believe it  "
wat do think of this video  
day 2 of job hunting   i think il get hired quick i hope  
job interview 2morrow hope all goes well
i got the job !!!!!!!!!
this is my dream { the pic } and im going 2 accomplish it !
now im ready 2 meet new people in college and have more fun  
not every man lives  
not every man lives - <propfirst> aldean
the few the proud the marines
what do i do ?
its time 2 watch futbol man
stay on top of my game in cnm
therapy is over !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ya <propmale> !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
life sucks wit out a car soemtimes
i got arrested cuz im a mexican    jk
beat england !!!!!!!
wat is there 2 do 2day besides watching soccer ?
go usa !!!! go usa !!! beat england !!!!
the us did great im proud   i hope mexico beats <propfemale>
does soccer really lapse into religion 4 some people ? i thought it was supposed 2 be a sport with great passion
man this world cup is unique
"i respect brazil , they r a good team but im not a fan of them cuz there r many teams that play in the same level as them"
"man wat a game between brazil and portugal   both did good and kudos 2 cristiano <propmale> , he showed heart and <propfemale>  "
"man my fellow americans we lost but wat a game ! we took those african continent players 2 extra time ! now thats wat i call heart   hey 4 sho next world cup its the usa\  now hope mexico wins  "
mexico and usa out of the world cup   this sucks  
go fast energy drinks r good   i had 1 this morning
"i wonder who would win a rally car race ? <propmale> foust , <propmale> block , or <propfirst> pastrana"
2 day was wierd the bus 157 broke down and i still managed 2 get 2 cnm montoya campus on time   but i had 2 <propmale> the # 5 bus  
midterm all ready ! sweet half way 2 go !
just want 2 confront life on my own already  
i guess i now feel a little better letting god into my heart after a long time  
"i guess i now feel alittle better letting god into my heart after a long time and 2 tell u the truth i dont know the bible , but hey not everyone else knos as well"
"<script type annoyed text javascript\"" src annoyed ""http annoyed  widgets clearspring com o 4ad38f703734b5be 4ad39a5f69137a4a 4ad38f703734b5be f201c575 widget js\"">< script>"""
project n test thats college 4 u people     glad summer semseter is almost over
cars r my life   
"well now i have 6 friends that r in the service    may god bless them , thanks 2 them we have this freedom !!!!"
"u kno it sucks when the instructor tries 2 do things perfect , its hard n i dont like it  "
i saw a black subaru n a white evo i think street racing on tramway    it looked awesome
"i saw a black subaru n a white evo i think street racing on tramway    it looked awesome , while sitting down discussing wit other people things we learned from <propmale>  "
i wish i had a hotrod go 2 hotrodding   man i really want 2 build my own hotrod  
"man summer flew by fast , now i have college finals 2morrow  "
"i read a good story 2day   it was bout this guy trying 2 buy this '69 camaro n he cant buy unless he finds the missing vin #   so the story goes on bout how he tries 2 find info bout the car n everything , then in the end he has a dream that him n his son can restore it   the reason y cuz he wants 2 spend more time wit his son cuz he knos his son is involved wit gurls n friends   i thought the story was cool  "
finally 1 more day left of summer semester of cnm !!
skool's over !!!!!!!!
hope i can get hired soon somewhere n i wonder how does it feel 2 live in a dorm
its hopeless trying 2 get a job
its hopeless trying 2 get a job but im not quiting
i feel good helping other people out especially when they were in the same situation i was in  
music means alot 2 a college student  
i never knew that paramedics can work in swat   they r actaully called swat medics   i think that it's pretty cool  
happy thanksgiving guys !
happy holidays !
happy new years <propfemale> n new years !
