71095767108a217e70b806c7d3d22e75
"wants to thank <propfirst> for all she did for me today, taking the hour and staying anyway for the ride home, and the great conversations at work, definately my go to girl now, thanks a billion"
finally made varsity swim!!!!!!!
has returned to facebook after trying and failing for 3 days!! hah hello!!
"feelin good, hatin wakin up early and hatin school with a dirty passion    but still feelin good!!!"
"dos mas tests and i will be flyin high, free as a bird!! 86 on whap too    with a curve   "
district meet tomorrow    now to start the grueling task of shaving   everything    dear god   
made regionals in my backstroke!!!!
"regionals tomorrow, wish me luck please ill need it thats for sure!!!"
regional finals and now we are prayin for state!!! so close    state here we come!!!
state baby!!! state!!!! we are goin to state!!!! oh my god we made it to freakin state!!!!!!!!!
"my mom just told me to study for taks, hah joke   "
feelin good and missin the break already huh    when do we get off?
all american swimming 200 free relay!! hoorah!!
"i need a one semester class for next year, preferably something somewhat easy, but not too easy like what the fuck am i doing here easy but easy enough to do all my other work in"
what is on my mind??
i just got my license today and it only took me about 50 minutes of <propfemale> and 6 hours to wait for a 10 minute driving test     good news i can drive!!!
"lived a day of disappoinment on the field, but lived to fight another day     if my legs would stop shaking!!!!"
couldnt be happier  smile )
thinks that <propmale> <propmale> likes men         hmmmmm all signs point to yes
"is pretty bored, wished league worked, wished his friend wasnt gay and misses his girlfriend  sad  fml hah"
"is awesome, straight up real talk, no bs"
missed jersey shore again and not happy about it     darn mallery
never mind this is fantastic!!!! jersey shore is almost here!!!! woot woot!!! im forever young!!!
calculus sucks 
running sucks massive man parts    
my head is pounding!!!! why is everyone getting sick!! this sucks    
its my birthday tomorrow!!!!!
"good day with the guys, terrible evening and a very long night ahead      "
i saw a coke truck going into a cemetary   i guess you can enjoy a nice refreshing coke or sprite while you mourn over someone's grave  good deal
"swim meet was pretty awesome and loved one of the times, but still gonna be a crappy night    "
im hurting all over     damn you taco beezyyy!!!
super stoked bout tonight!!!!! me and <propmale> are burning this damn house down to the ground!!! fire tricks galore!!! youtube here we come!!!
you guys better be happy when i get these damn videos up cause its a shit ton of work     
everybody look what i can do  laugh d
just ate a half melted reese's   then i jizzed in my pants
i can feel it comin in the airrr tonight      oh lorde!!!
great white buffalo    the one that got away     disappointment    hahah
"all hell has broken loose, and <propmale> wescott is leadin the charge!!"
"when all else goes wrong         well i guess you just keep trying hah, kinda sucks but hey who's complaining!!!"
"i was about <propfirst> my profile pic again but the child in me wouldnt let me!! <propfemale> gi oh!!!! hah near $200 worth of cards, and it was soooo worth it!!"
fugitive tonight at 7 smile 0 startin at 8 at that sco baby
good weekend  smile 
i need a webcam asap!!! no more games!!! its getting real!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a superbad new years!! long live the party!!!
me and my nerf guns are takin over the world!!! hurah!!
"football tomorrow, december 27, at high noon at the sco sports fields  leave your tampons at home!"
"lovin that football game today fellas hah  wink  was a s*it ton of fun, and i am feelin better than ever!! hah too bad <propfirst> cant say the samething"
im sooo bored!! lets do something!!!!
i walked around all day today in my pajama pants and i have never felt more alive in my life!!!
"feelin like a boss, and lookin like one too  wink "
dude      what just happened?
"worst week ever, grounded for parties, now have a small tear in my left shoulder and cant swim for two weeks   good bye state   sad face"
still grounded    sad face
mris suck   sad face
finally got my new radio all hooked up in my car!!! happy face   and my mom has a sudden obsession with coupons     
<propfemale>- enter my status zone    dum dum dummm dummmmmm
everyone needs to skype me!!!
is super stoked cause he wreecked that physics final!!(i think   i pray) and my shoulder is healin up super good and might be able to swim next week!!! superb!!!
"said she caught me on the counter, wasnt me  said she caught me on the sofaaa, wasnt me, even caught me on cameraaa, wasnt me!!"
"going to <propfirst> for <propmale> wescott's birthday, and lookin at colleges  yea college chicks!!!"
"is tired of listening to his head all the time, and is finally gonna just do what his heart tells him is best"
