bdb3b8536a0fde7c5e9e05ab65a4078b
wii wii wii!!!  laugh 
loves eating frozen strawberries  smile 
"is watching some degrassi, been a long time"
swim swim swim
r i p  <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett :_( sad day    
"feels like the bottom of her feet are sunburned, and is still exhausted!"
cookin some pasta
had loooooots of fun tonight with all my friends  laugh   whoot!
feels like   crap
happy 4th of july everyone  laugh  too bad its raining though   yuck
went to the zoo today! it was awesome  smile 
"is wow    there's not a word that can describe today heh  oh, but had a lot of fun at <propfemale>'s!   laugh "
loves playing apples to apples  smile 
loves watching <propfirst> springer and the maury show with dad
hates and loves her new phone at the same time heh
"is very happy, for no apparent reason  smile "
is chillin     bored
just got senior pictures in the mail!   laugh 
is ecstatic!  joyful 
is hooked on techno and trance today lol gotta love that music!!!
hates drinking alka seltzer  
"just got back, judas priest is ******* awesome!!!!  laugh ddd"
hey ppl  smile   i just got aim so yeh message me
had a great birthday party today  smile 
just helped <propfirst> get a facebook!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  whoooooo!!!!
is officially 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   smile   mwuahahahaha!
just bought a powerball last night   im feelin lucky > laugh 
doesnt wanna be bored on the last day of summer  sad 
is extremely tired from school
worst day in a long time   
things have gotten a lot better actually    thank you mom
"work work work, type type type    i thought senior year was suppose to be kinda laid back and less stressful in \homework\""  to top it all off it's only the 4th day of school and im gettin hammered! what    the mess?!?!"""
loves making all her friends laugh a lot  laugh  today was an awesome day
 wink  mwahahaha
is so tired   
is very happy and surprised    thanks everyone  smile 
"loves singing \sing me to heaven\""      makes me cry  smile """
"is crying and still singing \sing me to heaven\""   crying   i'm hooked  """
loves laughing so hard that she cries  laugh 
misses her bestie  crying  hope shes doing alright
wishes that some people wouldn't take others for granted
"was hypnotized at the fair last night, i remember it now and i can't stop laughing at the video!   laugh "
"wow, if it wasnt for facebook, i wouldnt get to talk to the people that i love  love  ha whoever came up with facebook is a genius lol"
"feels accomplished, love you mrs  <propfemale>!  smile "
is so excited about tonight  laugh 
gonna go see district 9 today
"ok, i don't care what anyone else says lol i thought district 9 was awesome! oh and i saw a rainbow on the way home  laugh "
is so friggin pumped about tomorrow!  smile 
"had a blast being <propfirst> today, wish i could do it over again!  smile  and also    i need to learn how to stage fall, strained a leg muscle in drama  sad "
"hey senior choir gals! is anyone going to mtsu on tuesday??  please answer me, thank you lol  smile "
is goin to a funeral in a few    blah   sad 
practice makes perfect
"never stops singing, i just got yelled at for it    what the mess? :_("
what a day it has been
is so frustrated    it's hell week
"hopes a lot of people will come see the play!!   smile  it's this thurs, fri, and sat   tickets are $5 at the door and house opens at 6 smile 0, the show starts at 7!! oh and btw the play is called \the secret of madame defarge \""   laugh """
"ugh today was     awful, but the play rocked though  smile "
"yeah so some old hag ***** called mom and i lezbos, ugh ive never been so pissed in my life     told her off  what is up with this week!? honestly i think i might die before im 20 or something from all this stress thats been happening"
just think     this is the last week! then fall break!  im excited  playful 
worried    mom is very sick  sad 
"extra extra!  if you would like to see the play ''the secret of madame defarge'' during school, bug your 2nd block teacher about seeing it on thursday    for free, that's right, free!! just have your 2nd block teacher email miss <propmale> saying that you would love to attend! oh and btw, i'm selling the whole shabang on dvd, so if you want one, they are $5   smile "
keeps kicking herself over and over and over again    sometimes i wonder why i was ever here    making myself miserable seems to be the main thing these days
blah day  
"still a blah day    lol but hey, gonna go get my hair done so   trying to be happy yay"
loves her friends
"practicing, and praying to god that i have a wonderful audition tm  smile "
is jazzed  smile   got to hold a baby python at petsmart today it was awesome!  i want one so bad lol
is uber happeh  laugh 
is already lovin these 2 weeks off  smile   goodbye stress!  for now   
a big congrats to all the ppl making midstate and allstate!   smile 
is very excited!! leaving for gatlinburg tm! wont be back till the 10th  smile 
gah!  i wish some ppl had fb so i could tag them in all these photos!  lol
is finally home!!!!   laugh  gatlinburg was so much fun   and this time it was nice and <propfemale>! someone up there likes us  smile 
is having a good day today
feels like the performance tonight was the best it's ever been!   smile 
is lovin' cumberland!  laugh 
ahhh!!!!  might win the kiss contest!! *crosses fingers*
"really doesnt wanna go to school tm, instead id prefer a rave  wink "
finished an application for college! ow hand hurts     lol
"cant sleep atm    freaked out by the \paranormal activity\"" trailer    holy crap     i wanna see it!"""
"is so pissed!!!  that lady im competing with is cheating!!!!  and she honestly doesnt look great at all     wtf?  plleeeeease my friends  sad   if you havent voted i need you!  every vote counts! thank you so much, idk what else to say"
so yeah   i found out how they were cheating!!!!  them #&$#*@&!!
wants to give up   
"it was a great e playful erience, i'm very content with our score, top 10 is pretty darn good in the whole world, for only being together for 6 months!  smile   think    it could always be worse haha"
"i have just come to realize that <propmale> simmons is hot haha, well to me anyways  laugh "
is so hyped  laugh  wednesday baby!!
had the time of my life last night! i was on the news yay! (fox 17)   laugh   i gots lots and lots of surprises
"is still tired from giving blood, i dont like it"
still cant believe i have almost all the band members autographs from kiss!
"so yeah, i dunno how to describe paranormal activity    it sucks? but    it scared the crap outta me anyways? wth? i dunno im leanin towards the crappy side here?"
is addicted to wii fit
"night  smile   had sooo much fun tonight, wish it lasted longer"
really wants <propfemale> to come over and chilllll
dont wanna go to school tm
"seriously? i am not in favor of driving 35mph allllllll the way down stewerts ferry pike   why did they change it!? come on, tell me who actually drives 35 down that road, i usually drive 50 and people are still on my friggin butt   35 is literally too slow"
studing mid-state  x_x
"if you are going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance       that really speaks to me "
the night just keeps getting better and better  smile  i couldnt go to bed on a happier note
"well, i left school around 9am, went home and slept for about 4 hours     idk whats wrong with me  all my energy is gone and i cant breathe out of my nose to save my life, maybe its a 24hr cold  "
"you know those bath and body works wallflowers? man i love those    mom just put a wintergreen pine one in the living room, it feels like xmas is here already"
i reeeeeally reeally am hooked onto eiffel 65 atm     woot! thanks <propfirst>! hahaha
"couldve been worse ya know? haha and i think that we kicked some <propmale> butt on the last two, but thats just my opinion  smile "
is so out of it today
is in the best mood ever!!!!!!!   laugh   laugh   laugh 
is jammin to some ghostbusters!
happy day  smile 
"i just learned two new facts today!  1  if i was a dog, i'd be a schnauzer  2  my blood type is a+"
"is nothing without a voice   i feel so awful, i wish i couldve been there"
"its been a long, exciting day with mother dearest  smile "
so fed up with it
exhausting much?
curse you chocolate
"set on multitracking    sooo frustrating, but i think i can do it, if i get this, itll be worth it in the end!"
"the happiest person in the world right now!!! but sadly i am done for the night, parents went to bed, darn! oh well, here i go again tm!   laugh "
"couldnt be anymore happier, wish i could fall asleep though    ha"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  smile 
wants to go shopping
"go lovely <propfemale>, tell her that wastes her time and me     that now she knows, when i resemble her to thee   "
"playing the wii fit plus with <propfemale>, ahh!!  ive lost about 10lbs  smile   it really works!"
"is having one heck of a night   wink  this year was fun, and i hope 2011 will be even better! hope everyone is safe tonight and happy new year!!  laugh "
so freakin' jazzed! can't wait to learn more dance moves on friday!
guess what guys!? i woke up   and got ready for school   but there is no school! hahahaha    funny stuff
"out of the darkness and into the sun, but i wont forget all the ones that i loved   i gotta take a risk, take a <propmale>, make a change, and breakawaaaay   "
"idk why   but something tells me that we are gonna get friday off too, anyone else feel that vibe?"
no school tm! no school tm!!  i was so right about that vibe! lol!
i need to get a yoga mat   
"worried and feeling the pressure   allstate, acda, quartet, college   and multitracking, all of it in this month, plus senior project and who knows what else? i just might lose it"
"thinking and working on literally 8 things at once, and school hasnt even started yet"
senior project and all-state   whoo
really wants to get some <propmale> makeup
fillin out some vocal scholarships    fun
can finally do the moonwalk  laugh 
grr i reeeally wanna go sledding lol
ahhh i wanna go sledding :_(
is actually seeing similarities here   i don't know if i like it or not
why do i feel somewhat distraught?  annoyed \  gah! maybe playin some piano will make it all go away
ugh i need to work on my hw    but i just don't wanna  annoyed \
i can't believe it   i was choosen for the <propfirst> whitacre solo scholarship   last night i was in tears  i couldn't be happier  new york city carnegie hall    here i come
"hey everyone, i just wanted to let you know that i didn't win any money for the scholarship haha! whoops it doesn't involve $5000  i must have confused it with one of the many scholarships that i was looking at  i messed up (and yes i feel pretty stupid)  oh well everyone makes mistakes  just wanted to let you know that  lol and i want my facts to be straight!  smile  thanks! and i'm still reeeally excited!!!!!!!!"
senior paper   almost done though  smile 
"hey people   so i reeeally want to get my belly button pierced, but i can't stand pain that much, i hear that it's a lot like getting your ears pierced, if that's the case, well then awesome! any opinions anyone?"
sick and tired of high school   and 3rd block especially
"nothing like washing your car on a nice day, looks brand new! it reeeally needed it "
"i think it's kinda funny how the weather is below 30 one week, then the next its about 70 haha"
"had a great day! i love my best friend so much, and her dad cracks me up!  laugh "
"sometimes it's really nice just   to sit down and pray once in a while, saying the rosary tonight made me feel at ease   be thankful for everything you have, because it could be so much worse "
why do i keep getting ladybugs in my room?
don't you hate it when you got the hots for a guy   but they don't have a clue
acda gives me a headache
is confused about what barbizon really wants from me
loved <propfemale> in wonderland!  love 
"hooked on tap tap revenge 3, its like guitar hero all over again, or rock band ha, cept for your fingers"
"so excited!!!! just recieved 2 pieces for paradise lost! they are sooooo beautiful they make me cry    i can only imagine, performing on stage  thank you god for this wonderful opportunity!"
drinking some warm <propfemale> apple cider vinegar water   throat you have to get better before competition!!! you can't and will not fail me!
"it feels great to be back, although i'm stoked about winning first place at the 2010 rising stars of the south region 23 young women in <propfemale> quartet competition  i was and still am kinda surprised we won  it was a very, and i mean a very close competition  thank you god for answering our prayers and realizing how much work we put into this  i love you moonlit melodies!  smile "
"is so grateful for my friends, family, and god   period "
"uploaded another multitrack, you should watch it, it's called <propmale> boy  smile "
ahhh!! the last episode was awesome!! i'm crying like a little baby  
is happy   just because  smile 
is gonna be in a world of a lot and i mean a lot of hurt in about a week or so  i'm so excited   not
is really tired and finishing with working on senior project days  found a four leaf clover today though!!
"just got back from all-state, i sang with a 100 6 fever yes! haha, feelin like crap so i won't be doing much, voice rest, hot tea (yuck!), and sleep are my best friends  smile  i had fun nonetheless, i met a lot of people and even the man who conducted the virtual choir sleep on youtube!!!!   laugh "
i'm almost 100% sure i have a sinus infection   going to the doctors on monday to get some antibiotics  please i'll do anything for it to go away before thurs!
"long day, it was fun though, goodnight everyone  smile "
"going to the doctors, i have to do something about this stupid nose of mine   and ears, they won't stop popping  sad  being plogged up is very very annoying"
workpackessaypaperdrawingsworkpackessaypaperdrawings   ah!
back from atlanta!  laugh 
is something wrong with me? gosh what a horrible day  
just dance for the wii is awesome!
"i hate how fb posts on someone's wall about me \answering\"" questions about them  when i didn't even answer any questions about them in the first place!! what the mess?!"""
"ah, nothin like listening to some ol' ac dc"
"it's hard, growing up"
awesome day! the weather was beautiful! tomorrow is supposed to be just as <propfemale> and hot  smile 
sooo excited!! going to upload another video shortly!!!  laugh   laugh 
"can't wait till june, just thinking about it and i get chills"
bad day
excited about prom! wish i had a cute date though   ha
"hanging with <propfemale> sexton in a bit, eating downtown later  yum, seafood  smile "
"touching up on senior project, now st<propmale>ing on the <propmale> project  smile  funnn"
"great day, senior presentation went well, and started on go, lovely <propfemale>  smile "
my dog gizzy just died  
going to bed   had a long day   love you gizzy  sad  and night everyone 
paradiselostparadiselostparadiselostparadiselostparadiselost!!!!  laugh 
"tomorrow's schedule: write reflective essay, work on visual journal for <propmale> final exam project (has 20 frickin' pgs to do ugh!!), and also mundane sketchbook assignment, work on paradise lost music, and then help mom with painting the deck   maybe record some go, lovely <propfemale> afterwards "
"can't believe my last day of high school is over   friggin awesome! going swimming atm and actually chillin for a while, then attending the drama banquet later, gonna be fun  wink  dressin up like a famous hollywood supasta!!! can you guess who?  playful "
"is feelin' mighty fine! mighty fine, omg carnegie hall is right around the corner, i'm so excited!!!! i'm the happiest person in the world  smile "
"loves iron man 2, wanna know why? ac dc's songs are the background music!  laugh "
"finally has some time to update pictures, thinking about putting up hawaii pics  smile "
is really annoyed atm  
"really likes her horoscope for the day  laugh  you feel especially attractive or friendly, and the warmth you radiate is noticed and appreciated today  love, relationships, beauty, and pleasure are emphasized now for you  a new romance or friendship may come about today or an old or current one may take a turn for the better "
"gonna go swimming, maybe the sun will make me feel better  smile \\n*lovestruck*"
everything just got 10 times harder for me 
"a bit frustrated, new paradise lost music, recording some new stuff, then going down to the <propfemale> to check out that job   thank goodness the fox17 news interview was moved to tuesday  sorry for not responding to a few people  i've been really busy "
"bad day, very disappointed "
awesome day  smile  i  love  ny \\n*lovestruck*
wish i could access fb but i cant  only txt  but wow  smile  in times square atm  eating at bubba gumps! next is m&m factory!\\n*lovestruck*
"i'm home!!! that    was the best trip ever!!!!! gonna put pics up asap! nothing could compare what i just went through  laugh  singing at carnegie hall, with <propfirst> whitacre    wow  details lata!"
going swimming today with <propfemale> sexton  then tomorrow going to get a puppy! i'm excited!
so ready to rescue a puppy today  smile 
"i very much dislike the fact that when you're absolutely head over heels for someone, yet they don't even have the slightest clue  go figure "
"can't go back to sleep now  it's a bit frustrating, potty training a new puppy "
"working on a new project, pretty stoked "
"i keep having dreams of falling in love, but the guy i'm falling in love with is fiction  he looks different everytime i dream too  weird "
"don't you hate it when you want to sleep, but just can't "
cooking taquitos for dinner  smile 
working out every day    goal: to keep it at 130lbs  smile  maybe a few pounds less   haha  bye ice cream and chocolate :_(
job interview at 6  oh boy  
"thinking about getting on skype  it's been forever  last time i had a nice convo with <propfemale> wortman, it was really really funny  laugh "
really wants that job at red <propfirst> *crosses fingers* we'll see what happens 
"<propfemale> with the bestie today, then get hair done before photoshoot tomorrow  smile  excited!"
"film work??? of course i'm interested!! thank you!!! one of the \best days\"" ever  laugh """
"so i found out about that \audition\"" i was going to today for modeling     it was actually an audition for <propfemale>'s next top model  kinda surprised me when i discovered that lol """
it's almost loaded i'm excited!!!  laugh  staying up late and creating videos multitracking    nice 
"how do people get so famous on youtube? i've been trying so hard for a while to figure it out! frustrating  i can't get \featured\"" or use \""promoted videos\"" because 1  have to complete a stupid survey or 2  have to pay for it  sad """
"registration tomorrow, excited  smile  wow time sure does fly, especially during the summer!"
i can't sleep  i'm thinking about it so much  and i'm iffy about songs that they may not like   that have been done too many times 
"goodnight everyone  going to \try\"" and get some shut eye  have to get up at 3 because american idol starts at 5am! whoot!! thank you so much to the people that are supporting me  it means so much  smile  you don't even know """
thank you soooo much everyone for the birthday wishes! you all are so sweet!!!  love   love 
thank you all again for all the birthday wishes! it means so much to me  love 
i just figured out that seafood is my all time favorite food because i don't feel sick and bloated after i've stuffed myself lol  laugh   oh   and thank you everyone again for the awe-some birthday wishes  love you guys!!!
excited about tomorrow  smile 
"it's just one of those nights, where i can't sleep "
cumberland is freaking awesome  smile  made a lot of friends already! and classes haven't even started yet!  laugh  so excited about choir as well!
walking around campus all day makes me tired  but i'll get used to it eventually  hopefully i'll drop some weight hah 
"college is so     i can't describe it  in both good ways, and bad  i love the people and classes, but i hate not having the time to multitrack for youtube and you all  i'm sorry everyone  hopefully i will get up another video in a couple weeks "
yes! finally had some time today to record  hopefully i will be done with the huge project on monday   hopefully!
almost almost almost almost almost   
"poking wars are   fun, yet   what's the point of them?  laugh  haha  also just got done with sight singing homework, i am very relieved "
how am i suppose to do a journal entry   when the blackboard isn't even up? i guess i'll make a hard copy and give it to her tomorrow morning before class starts  annoyed \
"yay, just recieved news that i will be singing the national anthem solo at cumberland university for their football game on october 30th at noon   smile "
"september 11th, 2001  we will never forget  it almost makes me cry just thinking about it "
really excited about drama auditions tomorrow   smile 
"sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze    and a slight temp, and a headache  just great, and i wanted to record today for ewvc  that's my luck  hopefully by this weekend this \head cold\"" will go away """
"spend all your time waiting, for that second <propmale>  for a break that would make it ok  there's always some reason, to feel not good enough, and it's hard at the end of the day     in the arms of an angel, fly away from here   "
"just got a flu shot, working on homework, and taking it easy "
"just got a new car today (late 19th birthday present haha)  a 2007, mazda6   silver white color   smile  it's my baby, spent about four hours cleaning it up, now   study study study "
paper 3 assignment in english makes me want to rip my hair out  and i'm also feeling as though i'm falling behind in sight singing and ear training class   ugh! ><'
"can't wait for fall break, ugh  two days, still   it is better than nothing  look on the bright side haha "
"is hooked on left 4 dead 2  oh, and ssbb   heck might as well say halo reach too haha "
"crying my eyes out    seven pounds - if you haven't watched it, you need to  my favorite movie at the moment "
frustrated   worried 
"just bought <propfirst> whitacre's \light & gold\"" album online  can't waaait to get it  smile """
"so very excited about my halloween costume  it's going to \rock\""  wink """
"can't sleep, scared about going to the dentist tomorrow  i want to go to choir instead  but this has to be done "
novocaine is my best friend at the moment  oh and ice cream 
"i feel like i'm ahead of homework   for once (ok, maybe not sight singing though) "
just got home from an opera concert    best concert ever  i am inspired 
"spray painting \11' mj seniors\"" over the troop's names that have served our country   that is something you do not do  ever  how disrespectful  i hope they feel ashamed  it burns me up just thinking about it  i pray that they get caught and are taught a lesson """
"it seems like everytime i want to record, something happens  figures "
"what to do   i recorded my sleep video 50 times it seems, trying to get it right  and when i finally do get it right, i go back and listen, and the audio track has a few random crackles and pops in it  this isn't my night  i'm debating on whether or not to upload it anyways "
practice practice practice! el majo discreto is almost there 
"just got done with my english presentation slideshow for tomorrow  i wish this semester would be over already, so much stress "
"sitting outside on a beautiful day, just finished my presentation, recieved three a's on assignments  ah, life is good "
was swept off my feet last night   amazing 
i couldn't be any happier  just saying  smile 
"\that boy is a monster   he ate my heart \""  wink  love that song """
"been kinda a down day, but recording made me a little happier  gonna get in the hot tub now  wink  heeeck yes "
sometimes people don't realize what they have until it's gone 
just hit 1001 subscribers yaaaay! what an amazing christmas present! thank you everyone who has subbed!!!  love 
"snow covers the ground, that alone makes me smile  laugh  have a very <propfemale> christmas! may everyone be safe as well "
there's nothing like curling up on the couch all cozy like with a blanket and watching movies all day  i may go outside in a while to play in the snow 
"so excited for today  wink  and i simply can't wait till next year! things are looking up, i couldn't be more happy! ah!! oh and i pray that everyone had an awesome christmas!"
"this past night was amazing, thanks to a certain someone   wink  haha "
gonna go see if i can get that job at a day care  i love little kids 
"feelin' amazing, working out on that wii and singing! ah! and dad's taking me shooting tomorrow at the range, i'm excited!"
"big day tomorrow, can't wait for the night on the town   wink "
out and about running errands  it's such a beautiful day   smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> center? i think yes  that is definitely part of my new year's resolution 
"i guess it's true, all the good ones are gone  they are either gay or married "
"worked out for an hour and a half  i shouldve done this sooner, i feel amazing haha   smile "
watching taken   this makes me never want to travel alone without a parent 
"just relaxing today, trying to get rid of this stupid sore throat "
"<propmale> your dreams and remember me, speak bravery, 'cause after all those wings will take you, up so high, so bid the <propmale> floor goodbye as you brace the wind and take to the sky   "
so fed up with sneezing my butt off! arrrgh!!!!
excited about going to cu tomorrow  wonders who is in all my classes   wink  and i can't wait to see all my buddies at 13! imma be killin' some zombies with em!
"going to watch the notebook for the first time, never seen it (don't hurt me lol)  have a feeling i'm going to cry my eyes out "
the notebook is now my favorite movie at the moment  i can't stop crying haha woooow 
so tired    but so freakin' happy i saw all my buddies today at cu  i've missed them so much   smile  if the cold didn't affect me so badly i would be up for a snowball fight haha 
overwhelmed by everything already  trying to get it all together    that's whats on my mind 
"i'm just going to say it  the new zodiac sign dates are ridiculous to me  i've been a horoscope geek for the most of my life and everyone that i have come across fits their sign almost to the t  my advice? simply ignore it, someone was bored and wanted to make something new up   smile  besides    i am no cancer lol "
i'm going to make <propfemale> myers watch the notebook when she gets home  she always says that she's going to watch it someday    well today is that day lol 
"wish i could record    and kinda want to see my buddies at 13, the other night was freaking hilarious "
"sometimes i wonder what my life would've been like if i stayed in california  just, curious "
"tired, but i had an amazing day  excited about the musical now!!!  laugh "
i must sing sing sing! break time    then i must sing again!
"dear cumberland alums, i pray you cancel school tomorrow on account of the snow    so i can stay home and practice my music all day, that would be very much appreciated  thank you for taking time to read this message haha   smile "
"i have just come to the conclusion that i have to learn nine pieces of music for the musical, then eight solo pieces for jury this semester  17 pieces in roughly four months  looks like multitracking \might\"" have to be put off till the summer  i'm really sorry everyone """
practicing all day   kinda wants to do something fun tonight though 
\i'm not waiting for the one who makes me take a second look, but for \bdb3b8536a0fde7c5e9e05ab65a4078b,headed to my favorite place to <propfemale> with my favorite guys  smile 
just had the best day everrrr!!!! thanks to these guys: <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> savage <propfirst> sevier <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> cooper <propfirst> ferraro and <propmale>!!!!
"finished homework (thank gosh), now practicing again  had an alright day i guess "
"attempting to find the \percent error\"" of a density of 7 994g cm^3    ugh lab is so difficult at the moment  anyone have any ideas? (is frustrated)  best i come up with is [0 0800g cm^3 plus or minus 0 1000g cm^3]? ugh!"""
music and homework 
on the way to cu  today is going to be a wonderful day i got that vibe 
great day  worked on mcgamut for three and a half hours  i feel very accomplished  onto reading for english tomorrow  busy busy  can't wait till the weekend  modeling on sunday  wink  who knows what else!
worked hard this week  done with all homework heck yes  rewarding myself by goin to luau <propfirst>'s tonight   wink 
"so excited about tomorrow (technically today lol), get to see the bestie  only thing i'm not looking forward to is \starting on the essay\"" for wednesday """
actually creating another multi track  i really need and want to upload something epic soon  if this sore throat thing is gone tomorrow i'm going to work on it as soon as i get home!  smile 
"this past week has just been awful, i feel so sorry for everyone that is sick  please get better soon    ugh, i'm also stressed about physical science exam tomorrow "
can't wait to cook some champagne lobster bisque and fish tilapia later for dinner  mmm seafood 
"all these statuses about <propfirst>'s day  hm, i wouldn't mind having a cute <propfirst> myself  hahaha, maybe next year   smile "
"had an amazing <propfirst>'s day, thanks to all the little messages and whatnot i have received throughout the day  you know who you are, and i appreciate it very much  just a simple \happy <propfirst>'s day\"" can make a big difference   love """
"looooong day, but a good one nonetheless "
"excited about the studio recital tomorrow, but what to wear      don't have many dresses  and it is rather chilly this time of year "
"couldn't be happier, and can't wait til april! so excited  laugh  life is amazing "
working out never felt so good  didn't wanna leave the gym today 
excited about seeing mt  <propfemale> high school's choir competition  doing a bit of chaperoning maybe?  smile  then afterwards working out again yessss 
headed to the gym to work out some frustration   mid terms are a drag  feels like i have so much to do still 
"singing opera at this time of hour, mozart    ahh yes, i'm definitely not in a down mood anymore "
"\absence makes the heart grow fonder \"" i definitely believe in this quote right now """
"just finished recording an opera piece   should be up tomorrow sometime  it's from phantom of the opera   smile  other than that, had a good day i suppose "
"thinking about moving to a <propmale> instead of windows in order to record music    after watching the other singers and multi trackers on youtube i feel a bit discouraged now haha  not to mention it will cost so much money to buy different music and video softwares like sony vegas pro, but i hear that's one of the best?"
"practicing today  studio recital next wednesday   dun dun dun! oh and i strongly recommend that everyone should try to come see the mikado at cumberland university, april 14th -16th at 7 smile 0, or 17th at 2 smile 0  you have four days to choose from (and i'm telling you way in advance hehe), please pick a date  laugh  it would make me very happy indeed  there will be an event made for this  it's gonna be awesome!"
i highly doubt i will be doing any multi tracking till after april 17th  i have rehearsals mon-thurs from 7pm till 10pm for the mikado  just putting that out there 
"can't do what i want to much these days, oh wait   that's called, \responsibilities \"""""
strawberry i think 
today is not a good day 
i simply can't do mcgamut when it comes to level 7 and up on different categories   oh it makes me want to cry 
i got that feeling that today is gonna be amazing 
"i absolutely loathe this bipolar weather  spring is here, therefore it should stay "
sometimes i just don't feel good enough 
"i don't know why, but i love to organize  going to town on my music "
"ugh   english paper to do, then mcgamut baah "
so far today has been pretty slow and down  just one of those days 
"these past few days have been such an e playful erience  who was the college with the most representatives at the tmea conference? that's right, cumberland university!"
i hate feeling down randomly  maybe tonight will cheer me up a little 
"hey cumberland music people! if you're sitting at home bored, you should come help us paint the set pleasssse!! we really need help!!"
"another day, another challenge  i say bring it on "
singing while i organize and clean   what else could be more productive? haha   smile 
"so i definitely think i did a great job announcing about the mikado in english class today   hint hint, that means you should totally come see it this week if you are bored  and did i mention that cumberland students are free!?  surprise "
"today = amazing  well of course tonight is show night, that's why! so excited  smile "
it's strange how the smallest things can make you so upset 
"so tired, voice is gone now (worst feeling in the world for a vocalist)  have to practice for juries though, as well as mcgamut  suck it up <propmale> lol the end of the semester is drawing near "
"it's going to be so much fun, uploading alllll these mikado pictures lolz "
"just added 146 photos to the mikado album  if you want to tag yourself, go ahead  laugh "
i feel   empty now that the mikado is over  not going to lie 
"today was very productive, but still so much to do    sigh  it's difficult to be optimistic right now, but once summer is here everything will be fine "
"che fiero costume, such a tongue twister of a song  but i can say that i can successfully sing it now without being tongue tied! uh, i just have to memorize it all     there's nothing like practicing for juries "
when your eye starts twitching badly does it mean that you're losing your mind? lolz
such a long day  i hope everyone stays safe tonight! or should i say    for the next 24 hours 
"i'm so fed up with it, ready for summer now  just a few more days "
"so much to do, so little time! that's all i have to say  good luck to everyone else that has exams as well this upcoming week!  smile "
stressed    a lot  studying like crazy 
i'm done with macgammmmuttt!!!! i'm the happiest person in the world! thank you so much <propfirst> <propfirst>  laugh 
"oh my goodness  i would have to say <propfirst> hemsworth is definitely my new heart throb  by the way, thor was awesome!"
"temperature of 101, sore throat, fatigue, headaches and body aches, and some nausea  i believe i have a small case of the flu  just great   oh well, stuff happens "
"happy mother's day! i love you, <propfemale> myers  i wish i wasn't sick, or else we would've gone to the zoo today  perhaps next weekend "
"recently found out that i made straight a's this semester in all my classes  looks like studying and stressing really did pay off  this information definitely made my day, even though i'm getting over some sickness haha "
"went to the doctors  turns out i have a minor case of bronchitis, sinus infection, and an ear infection    not to mention sinus drainage  got two shots as well as being put on antibiotics  thank god this hit after school was out, that's all i have to say "
"baked two cakes today, did the dishes, vacuumed, and organized the kitchen  that's what's up "
multitracking a sweet adelines song  first attempt at a quartet piece  wink  should be up tomorrow 
"when i feel discouraged this is what i say, \just keep singing  just keep singing  just keep singing singing singing  what do we do? we sing sing \"""""
"is ready to get out of here for a while  i love being at home don't get me wrong, but it's about time for me to go on a trip  traveling is so much fun "
"can i just say that i absolutely love gemini people  smile  that is all, goodnight "
in kansas with the family  won't be back until the 2nd  hope everyone is having a wonderful summer break so far!
"wow, sun really does help remove dark circles from under the eyes  sigh, i love summer so much  can't wait until tonight, going out with my girls "
think twice before saying something hurtful behind someone's back because <propfemale> will one day come back to hurt you  why can't people just be nice to each other? jeezus!
photoshoot went great today  can't wait to see them  smile 
"cooking chow mein, yumm  and probably going to watch spirited away "
nashville shores with <propfemale>  smile 
"baking a cake for <propfemale> myers, for today is her birthday! she is not only my mother, but my best friend as well "
"guess who starts their job monday? me yaay!  laugh  also, this is one of the cutest quotes ever: \you are a nation of peeny-weeny? piffling piccolini piddly-diddly pouft!!\"" - happy feet """
"the right one will come along in time  being alone shows how strong and independent someone can be anyways    and besides, singing is my true love  wink "
"a lot of people poke fun of pokemon collecting  i don't think people would if they knew how much some of these old cards are worth  i was curious and looked up the most e playful ensive card, the pikachu illustrator  it's for sell on ebay for $100,000  good thing i \invested\"" in these cards when i was 8 years old!"""
singing the national anthem today at 6pm for relay for life in lebanon  if you're around cumberland university you're more than welcome to come check it out!
"cars 2 was awesome, but i doubt most little ones understood it  that's why people rated it low  the kids needed to be around 10 to understand the storyline    bringing a 4-5 year old isn't the best idea  plus they kick the back of my seat but don't get me wrong i love kids lol "
"cursing a lot on here causes bad first impressions to most    and people complain about drama on here as well, then don't post it, therefore drama won't be an issue   wink "
alright sore throats = not cool  maybe it's just sinus drainage   
"just to let people know, i'm not getting on here very much anymore  a part of me knows that facebook is addicting, and the things you post half of the 1000 of your \friends\"" are like \""who cares?\"" anyways  oh and staring at a screen all day is not good for the eyes either """
"i am a night person (isn't that a musician thing?), anyways! if my sinuses are cleared up by tomorrow, i am going to upload another video, so be prepared!  smile "
"alright, i know i said i knew no one famous who had my birthday    jk, j k  rowling and supposedly <propmale> potter have the same birthday  wink  i now feel special "
you will always want what you can't have  that's life 
"oh my gosh   i'm 18 votes away from first place! thank you to all that has voted, really it means the world to me  you have until the 31st of this month to vote (my birthday!), so you have lots of time    and it will only take you two seconds  wink  might want to rethink about attending the event perhaps?  love "
i can't lie    first place feels pretty darn amazing  but i wouldn't be there without all of you guys! thank you from the bottom of my heart! let's try to keep me there  laugh 
working a lot these days  not going to be on much  thanks again for everyone voting for me by the way  love 
only send me a friend request if you are going to actually talk to me  not to get your friend list up  thank you 
recording isn't going so great at the moment  oh well    working on it when i have the time 
you know those moments where you feel so incredibly awful you feel as if you were going to throw up? yeah    wow 
can't wait for tonight   a night out with my girls will surely relieve some stress  wink 
"just got home from work, thanks so much for all the birthday wishes everyone! i can't believe i'm 20 now   oh and by the way, i'm about 99 99% sure i won on kewlr com! and it's all thanks to everyone that has voted! i can't thank you enough!!!!!"
watching karate kid really makes me want to visit <propfemale>  i wish to travel the whole world someday  i think it would be really interesting and awesome to learn all the different cultures 
work work work   but i'm loving that money for college books! you know how you wake up one day and suddenly things just click; like responsiblity and independence? i'm feeling that  
some guy at work pronounced epiphone like eh-pee-pooh-neh  i was like   wow 
i hate it when those romantic dreams end as soon as i wake up 
"three 14 year old girls were walking around in providence  a man jumps out of his white truck and grabs one  luckily the girl opened the door from the other side of the truck and escaped  this goes to show you that this can happen to anyone anywhere   i would be careful if you're one of the young teenagers that \<propfemale>s out\"" in krogers parking lot late at night  might want to <propfemale> somewhere else """
"ok, since i can't find a good instrumental track to \within a melody\""  i suppose i will have to find a new song and get back to that one in the future    i'm going to change my variety up a bit and sing something that's currently playing on the radio  upbeat and powerful  i've also had a few requests on one     smile """
"i try to sing something different and branch out my genres but come to find out i'm getting bashed for it  i can't sing \pop\"" apparently  i'll stick to opera and classical from now on     but that's not what most people like to listen to these days  fml """
"really would like this last weekend to be a fun one before i go back to college   but i don't know if that's going to happen  oh and i'm about halfway through \you raise me up \"""""
everyone has their good weeks and bad weeks  this week hasn't been the best for me so far  oh well next week is college so hopefully that will bring me out of this slump 
"go to your profile \look to your left \first 7 friends are your zombie apocalypse team \\sidekick: <propfemale> myers\heavy weapons: <propfirst> lefler\the idiot that survives: meko weir ii\sniper: <propfirst> savage\the one that loses it: <propfemale> sexton\the brains: <propfirst> austin\the first to die: <propfirst> sevier\\i love my team!!!  laugh  perfect i think "
"ugh burlesque   my dream come true  opera style    please god, one day  one day "
"what is wrong with me? i'm excited about college, buying books, and meeting new people  but most of all i'm excited to see all my buddies at trece again!  smile "
"update! \you raise me up\"" will be uploaded tomorrow!"""
"i love college algebra when i can actually understand it  first day wasn't so bad afterall, thanks god "
"in church they talked about how <propmale> was sent to rescue the people escape pharaoh's clutches in egypt  it reminded me of a great movie called the <propmale> of egypt i used to watch when i was a kid (and i still watch it lol)  if you haven't seen it, you need to watch it! i recommend you show it to your kids because it's both very educational and since it's a cartoon they will watch it "
90 degree weather yesterday  60 degree weather today  tennessee is bipolar!
"i just discovered that i have a dorsal ganglion cyst in my wrist   great, that's why it hurts to play piano now  annoyed "
we will see how this <propfemale> ball will go tonight  perhaps i may meet a <propmale> lol!
"it's kinda hard to believe that i am going to become a sight singing & ear training tutor  i like it, a lot   smile "
"dear evangelyna etienne, may you rest in peace  i didn't know you too well, but i'm so glad to have met and sang with you at carnegie hall  you had a wonderful and beautiful gift from god, and still have that gift   so now you may join the choir of angels in heaven  we all love and miss you "
"biology test tomorrow  music history quiz tomorrow  algebra test wednesday, and studio 2 recital friday  the pressure is on "
"listening to mozart while studying for my algebra test tomorrow, and i'm proud of it "
i just discovered that i can eat nutella straight from the jar   crap  i have been corrupted!
"watching the new <propmale> dunham show on comedy  i'm so excited! and he's lost a lot of weight, looking good!"
"really really upset  just got my choir geeks of the world unite shirt that i was so excited about    and it's way too small  the sizes run very <propfemale>, just saying because i ordered a medium  heck might as well go with an xl, fml  sending it back   "
"some of you have teased me about me saying it's cold in 50 degree weather   you want to know why? i've realized that i have some sort of case of cold urticaria  it's where someone is literally allergic to the cold, whaddya know  "
"there are times when you just feel like giving up  that's when you push yourself even harder to overcome it  i'm going through it right now as we speak, so you're not alone "
"i love getting shots from the doctor, the beginning of another sinus infection  hopefully that will knock it out along with antibiotics   today was the first day i've missed choir in two years  and i will never have a dog cat unless my future husband has to have one, then he will take care of it "
after today's events i really think i have taken another step into reality in becoming what i want to be in the future  that including responsibility and accountability 
