e4173d9caff6c5a9e97701d909a2228c
my new year's resolution is to not piss off nature like i did this year 
"my name is <propfemale>  i was going to my 32th birthday party when somebody came up to me, gave me a quarter, and stabbed me in the foot  i later died by drowning in a pool  now that you have read this, you must post this on to 3 1 2 bathroom stalls or i will come out of your best friends mirror, walk over to your house, and hold a perfectly normal conversation about politics with you, and a random family member  good day "
"holy shit! the eye of the tornado storm watever was like, right over my house  it stopped raining for a while and everything  then it started back up again and we were happy  laugh "
"slow elevator-if you live in a tall building, when you ride the elevator down to the first floor when you're about to get out of it and a lot of people are trying to get, in you press every button to piss everyone off"
who invented the backscratcher? i must devote my life to them 
can someone give me some life? i have none 
what was the <propmale> homework?
"ants are not aware of human existance  therefore, i decree to enslave ants all over the world in order to punish them for such inslolence shown towards the greater species  all who agree, say \aye\"" """
"even if i count my chickens before they hatch, and i'm wrong, if i can't just take the losses, i'm running a bad farm "
"what's the criteria for the reach project? i know part 1 has intro + 4 implications, but i dont know about parts 2-6  can anybody tell me?"
went to sleep at 4 pm and woke up at 12 smile 0 am wtf
"i'm a lumberjack and i'm okay  i sleep all night and i work all day!\i cut down trees, i eat my lunch, i go to the lavatriiiine  on wednesdays i go shopping, and have buttered scums for tea! \i cut down trees, i skip and jump  i like to press wild flowers! i put on womens clothing, and <propfemale> around in bars!\i cut down tress, i wear high heels, suspendies and a bra! iwish i'd been a girly, just like my dear papar!"
goddamn it <propmale>! im supposed to be able to sleeep past 5 smile 0!!!
back from texas  rerealised it can get pretty boring when you are by yourself at home 
one of my cats ran away    
http annoyed  www newgrounds com portal view 514807
my brother went to the nearby grocery store to pick up bagels and creeam cheese - that was 2 hours ago 
dorries gave me a faulty sax    
is sad 
"spoilers ahoy! do not read if you don't want to know what happens in \far from the madding crowd\""!\",e4173d9caff6c5a9e97701d909a2228c,http annoyed  www newgrounds com portal view 551537
ss trying to memorize gourmet race on tenor sax 
dingdongs are the single most delicious thing to ever exist anywhere ever  ever 
"i feel like i just threw up more than what was in my body  and i swear i saw a lung  not sure if it's the stomach flu, or i ate something that my body was like \f*** no \"""""
"sledding was a bust  damn you, target!"
why???? why did they have to kill kamina???
"count chocula has been discontinued  i hate you, world!"
