70b7c024d1403b3bdfc079786b00e98b
i'll be back in the u s  arriving at 5 smile 0 pm - with <propfirst> of course   see you all soon    oh yeah on tuesday the 23rd by the way!
i'm in korea staying at the novotel ambassador on haeundae beach   rooms 1410 and 1411   see you all today tonight!
i got a job!
found an authentic korean restaurant here in albuquerque - awesome!
i'm slowly losing my mind back in the usa!  i need a vacation already     
"next weekend we're going to see u2 and muse in <propmale>, north <propfemale>!"
hates being sick!
i just bought dj hero - like i'm every gonna have time to actually play it!
"can't wait for vacation in panama   it's getting hard to contain my emotions of stress, over-work, and sleep deprivation for much longer   all work and no play makes nate a very crazy person to be around     "
"i feel so unclean after watching \new moon\"" with my wife and sis-in-law last night   no matter how many showers i take       so unclean    """
"oh man     i really don't want to do anymore work - i mean it's saturday     don't normal people get to, i dunno, enjoy weekends once in a while!"
it's gonna be an all-nighter yay!!
in seattle - will return to abq on the 30th   <propfemale> christmas (or happy whatever you celebrate!)!!
we're going out tonight in search of adventure   hit me up if you're bored and wanna join!
angel fire was fantastic last weekend with my sweet love - we needed a romantic getaway and for once i was a romantic   anyone up for a colorado ski   snowboard trip this spring break?  i believe it's march 13-21 - somewhere within that timeframe?  i think it would be great   there's still enough snow at that time right?  guess i'll research it   what's everyone think?
"missing old friends and enjoying new ones   watching some tv for once - the olympics   it's the simple things you miss like waking in a beautiful city, sitting for coffee and good conversation, and laying in bed with a hangover and being lazy  joyful   yeah i'm definitely over-working myself lately and i need to get back to enjoying the essence of life!  parties tonight?  sounds good "
in vegas enjoying a short respite from my over-worked way of life!  awwww yeah!!!
the night will go on - the night will go on - my little windmill!
i have finally received official word:  i have been approved for graduation with my master's this may!
i want summer already!
"i am worried for my brother and <propfemale> korea   to all my friends and family there, please be alert and ready for anything - have a plan ready especially those near the border "
"i am worried for my brother and <propfemale> in \korea   to all my friends and family there, please be alert and ready \for anything - have a plan ready especially those near the border "
<propfirst> and i will be moving to <propfemale> at the beginning of august   we got the job!
"saw \green day's - american idiot\"" on broadway tonight - what an amazing production   so simblomatic and appropriate for our generation!  not to mention fantastic choreography and all that good artistic stuff!  oh and btw hell yeah lakers!!"""
wish i had more time to visit with friends and family   we leave for <propfirst>'s wedding in <propmale> in two weeks followed directly by flying to <propfemale> for our two year contract in chongqing 
i searched coronado mall while shopping today for a usa world cup jersey   sounds easy to find right?  only jcpenney had them and they were sold out - besides they weren't real jerseys and were t-shirts   must've gone into 10 sports stores       i love living in such a globalized and cosmopolitan city   meh  
not ready to leave yet in many ways - but i've been ready my whole life in others   
how did i ever live life without iphone?
so drunk love u all
fuck day i live the most amazing life everx
idk
things are good and we are safe friends!  went to the mall tonight 
"<propfirst> and i can be reached on our skype phone number   see my profile, it's the area code 505 number so it won't be an international call   don't worry about the time difference, just leave a message if we don't answer "
thanks everybody for the warm birthday wishes   i don't feel 30 though!
we did the 3k last night with a heat index of 119!  thought i would die    (94 degrees @ 71% relative humidity)
"can't believe that it's that easy to get halo reach here   just went shopping on base and bam, there they were   no pre-order necessary!"
not sure how i feel about the new linkin park album yet 
so dehydrated
"just learned i begin teaching soccer tomorrow!  i'm very excited, but scared since i've never actually coached before    "
today was the first time i ever coached a team to victory!  what a feeling!!!!
i haven't seen any clouds in two months!  well i guess the weather's starting to get cooler and crisper   should get down to highs of just 90 before the month is over!  feeling quite tired after a busy week and missing everybody back in albuquerque 
"missing my close, genuine friends and family back home - this is the phase where living abroad sucks!  we've gotta start getting out there to make close friends "
"what a fun weekend!  i can now check off \won a couples costume contest unintentionally\"" from my list of things to-do before death   i've never had so many pictures taken covertly and overtly - even more than when i lived in korea on a normal day!"""
saw some clouds yesterday!
"went kart racing at the bahrain international circuit with my lovely wife today   it was great fun which i highly recommend   what a rush!  we also went and saw the bahrain fort   all in all, it was a perfect day!"
<propfemale> streisand
<propmale> potter tomorrow here - woo hoo!
thought i'd seen it all till i saw a city bus bust a u-ee at a stoplight during rush hour!!
long live the <propmale>!! i just arrived at work to learn that a holiday was declared last night for the tenth anniversary of his first anniversary of his rule   now i understand why monarchies can still exist in the 21st century!!
"flying from naples, italy to <propfirst> today - so excited!"
we just sat on the plane to <propfirst> with the drummer from the frigging buzzcocks!!!
escargot actually was good!
suddenly     another intense fit of suddenly realizing how much i miss everybody   love you all   sometimes it's hard being away - especially this time of year i guess 
