92faaeb3a4da4fa3b8b95df1cfa2c78e
put speakers in the geo the other day  now it sounds great 
is tired 
did two loads of hay at 8 00 this morning 
did three more loads of hay tonight 
is going camping for a week  leaving tomorrow 
"is still camping, but the weather sucks!"
got back yesterday at 9 30 pm 
is tired 
"is going to sunset, in a little bit  does any one know if u can bring dogs??"
"finished painting his go-kart, and started to put back together "
finished putting the <propfemale> plate on his buggy 
"i wont, i was just messing with ya "
my computer is a pile 
saw <propmale> potter yesterday 
is going to see foreigner tonight!!!!!
has a headache that wont go away 
these headaches wont go away 
gets to go in for more testing 2morrow 
"put a new exhaust on the geo, got the chrome tip and everything "
thinks that what happened tonight just goes to show you how mature ppl are in this school 
thank you everyone who helped clean off the corvette's windows 
please observe a moment of silence as the geo died  rip 
last night was cut way too short  wish i woulda had more time to spend with someone     
never thought he'd feel this way about someone    
is really looking forward to saturday  smile 
missin someone right now     smile 
is missin her right now  sad 
had alot of fun last night     smile 
is thinkin about someone right now    
is looking forward to 2night!!
is babysittin my sisters and thinking of her     smile 
"had a good weekend, turned 17 and got to see someone special  smile  couldnt ask for anything more"
"\we are gentlemen and scholars    \"""""
didnt see one deer this entire weekend   sad 
still hasnt seen anything     
is lookin forward to 2morrow         smile 
my dads on facebook!!!! never thought id see the day!! hahahaha!! and he said facebook was a waste oh how the mighty have fallen!!! its a great day to be alive  smile 
"is watching <propmale> of the hill, great show  smile "
is watching pirates of the carribbean 2
is watching the original knight rider   smile 
"2010 was one of  the best years of my life, and 2011 is lookin just as promising, this coming year is gonna be one to remember"
"is single, prolly should feel worse then i do   "
"my weakness is that i care too much, my scars remind me that my past is real, i tear my heart open     "
is watchin the a-team!!!!!!
feels like he got kicked in the head  sad  but also found out i got a 29 on the act!!  smile 
feels like he got kicked in the head sad  but found out i got a 29 on the act!!  smile 
y wont these headaches go away? its been almost 5 months and their coming back     sad 
my buggy is gonna b crazy fast        laugh 
one more day of econ and family relations!!!!
"\your mom goes to college!\"""""
"but now, i stand alone with my pride   and dream that your still by my side  but that was yesterday, i had the world in my hands  but its not the end of my world, just a slight change of plans  that was yesterday, but today life goes on  no more hiding in yesterday, 'cause yesterday's gone"
"is wiped out tired, sick of these headaches, and is amazed that you can be affected by someone this much   "
is on fb on his wii!!!
"nothin 2 do on a fri night, great      rest of the weekend looks the same  sad "
"doesnt want to do national honor society thing, but i prolly should get goin on it   ugh"
"super-b a  kid  usually does incredibly stupid things  all around leader  extremely attractive and cool   <propmale> is the most amazing person you will ever meet, <propmale> is sweet, kind and beautiful  <propmale> will bring light to your life and love to your heart "
best bus ride ever 
frickin piece of crap computer   
longest  day  ever 
has to get up @ 4 30 am for solo ensamble    great
is goin to state for both of his songs
"\my daddy used to say 'life without danger is like a house of ill repute without all the naked ladies'\""- hannibal smith"""
is headin 2 the dance 
that was prolly the best snowball dance so far   smile 
does anyone remember the stats assignment we got 2day? i forgot to write it down
sooo tired   
"3 hrs in the woods, most relaxing day in a loong time     smile "
is watchin nascar sprint cup
"'80s hair metal, gotta love it  "
is tired and doesnt feel good    sad 
is back from nashville!!
"is tired and bored, loooong day, another early day 2morrow   "
got his first paycheck 2nite!!!!
got a pair of carlise strykers for $65 2day
puppy got spayed 2 day
stomache still hurts   
's brain is fried   
senior at last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
home from work and wide awake    great
"got back from a week in ripon, went to the truck tractor pulls, now almost time for bed!!"
misses the bbs guys already   
"home from work, headache, and i got stuff in my eye, but 2morrow should be fun!!"
found out hes gonna go see the scorpions on friday!!!!!
"if theres something strange in your neighborhood, who ya gonna call?? ghostbusters!!"
scorpions 2day!!!!!
"the scorpions were amazing!!!! seats in the sixth row, almost in the middle, couldnt ask for better $8 seats!!!"
so dang hot! milk was a bad choice!!!
"got tickets 2 go see warrant, firehouse, and <propfirst> michaels at the state fair 2day!!!!! cant wait till aug 14th!!!!!"
walked outside 2 get the mail and turns out someone smashed our mailbox    awesome
"good time wit the guys, and is now the owner of an arctic white fender stratocaster with a <propfemale> fretboard!"
"firehouse, warrant, and <propfirst> michaels last night!! amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is all packed and ready to head off 2 colorado and yellowstone after school 2morrow!!!!! senior year baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is back!!! colorado and yellowstone were awesome!!!
voice is gone! i can hardly talk lol
accepted to the university of north <propfemale>!!!!
"\thats not your cake <propmale>!! thats <propfemale>'s cake! you eat someone else's cake again and i'll give you a slice of <propfirst>'s special? pain cake!    and you won't   want seconds o'that!\"""""
scholarship applications     ugh
got accepted to embry riddle aeronautical university!!!!!!
does anyone need a ride to the game 2nite??
put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from being a vikings fan  being a vikings fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for vf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of vikings fans won't repost             this   because they don't know how to copy and paste 
had a great four day weekend and birthday!! thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!
"got a bowtech tomcat, with uv 3 pin sight, drop away arrow rest, and carbon arrows with mechanical broadheads from his uncle 2day!!!"
"saw a doe, a really small 4, a decent 6, and a really nice 8 or 10 pointer all after 2 30, 2morrow up early and sittin all day!"
its gun season!!!!!!! oh yeaaaa!!!!!
saw a really ice 8 pointer but no shot
so last night tracking a doe through the swamp my mom trips and knocks a tree over and it hits me right on top of the head! it still hurts!
i feel like #?*!
i love my new zune!!!
no homework 2nite!!!
"higher nd higher leave it all behind, so baby dry your eyes save all the tears u cry oh thats what dreams r made of"
gosh i love da packers! <propfirst> rodgers is the man!!
whippin doughnuts in the school parking lot + comin home and takin the dune buggy out = a good night
"i look around and what do i see? broken hearted people starin at me  who  am i to  believe  in love, lord have mercy, love aint no stranger"
my nose is still kinda sore
"you dont wanna fight me, in my xtra small white t! haha tswifts best song "
"basset:     so guys subconciously tune things out\ me: \""like when girls nag all the time\"" basset: \""yea pretty much\"""""
"got a $36,000, yes thats $36,000, scholarship form embry-riddle!!!!!"
i bought a ps3 and black ops 2day!!
"had fun 2nite, now im goin 2 bed  smile "
got laid off 2night   
$200 in service charges?? really element mobile? wth?!?!?
r i p  <propmale>  durkee will miss you 
got accepted to the embry-riddle honors program!!!!
had a great time playin talk dirty to me with dad and wild ride last night! thanks guys!!
is feelin so fly like a cheesehead!!!
"just woke up from a nice hour and a half nap, kinda feelin better"
its snowing!!
got my afrotc eligibility approval today all i have to do now is the interview!!
got a $1000 scholarship from eaa today!
just got done putting skis on my dune buggy! its pretty legit
do the creep!
go nfc!!!
"i might as well be on mars\you can't see me\i might as well be the man on the moon\you can't hear me\i might as well be on mars\you can't see me\i might as well be the man on the moon\you can't hear me\oh, can you feel me so close\and yet so far\baby, i might as well be on mars"
"kyrie eleison, down the road that i must travel\kyrie eleison, through the darkness of the night\kyrie eleison, where i'm going will you follow\kyrie eleison, on a highway in the light"
fun dip!!
"got my air force rotc interview 2morrow, wish me luck!!"
"finally home! my interview went good, now the wait begins"
touchdown <propmale> jennings!!
"im gonna take your mother, <propfemale> mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again!"
"sometimes up but then im down, sometimes i feel turned inside out  im often silent while im screaming inside  instead of love we turn to hate, never quite appreciate, how much the other person cares or tries "
"so i was watchin the daytona 500, and its <propfemale> and 70, man i cant wait till next year!"
got my tuition and housing deposits paid today!
"took my dunebuggy out on the road today, those skiis are legit"
<propfemale> is officially closed   wsawch 7
so according to the news highway 29 is now impassable
if this keeps up idk if we'll have school tomorrow 
got my class ring today!
"bye bye miss american pie, drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry  them good old boys was drinkin whiskey and rye, singing this'll be that i die, this'll be that die "
urgh more snow    
yay school tomorrow      
castle!!
"urgh, i am not a fan of american lit"
calc test tomorrow and im not feelin good  annoyed 
urgh its only wednesday tomorrow  annoyed 
tgif!!
urgh csi and calc homework
i done feel good  annoyed 
time to go cook some sap!
"eight and a half hours later im finally done, now my feet are soaked, im cold, and im dirty but its done"
grad party at my house or car show building??
stupid zune reset itself  annoyed 
"today is friday, yesterday was thursday, we so excited!"
<propfirst> <propfirst> is the man!!!
its bed time  smile 
this weather sucks
feels like crap      annoyed 
my phone disappeared in my locker  annoyed  unless someone took it    
now has two sets of posi's that are both almost 300 feet long in front of my house haha
who has my phone?
"had a great time with my dad, <propmale>, and playin with wild ride last night!"
that was my last high school chorus concert      crying 
"took my dune buggy out in the rain, and now im covered in mud! haha"
late night culvers run  smile 
my sister just discovered that there are examples in her math book to help her  -_-
"wow, last actual school day "
"free at last, free at last! i am done with calculus!!!!!"
"didnt think id cry till sunday, but i definitely lost it tonight  <propfirst> <propfirst>, im never gonna forget singing that duet with you! i almost lost it during the song  <propmale> pierce, never gonna listen to meatloaf the same way again lol"
r i p aunt <propfirst>  youre going to be missed 
just cut up a bunch of wood for the bonfire at my grad party!
is actually gonna get a decent amount of sleep tonight  smile 
didnt realize it took this much to get a graduation party ready 
home from work  smile 
"memory <propfirst> up in the headlights\its got me reminiscing on them good times\i'm turning off a real life drive and that's right\i'm hitting easy street on mud tires"
"straight up man day today, bought a rally truck, bought fire works, rallied the truck, and had a bottle rocket war  laugh "
lost some of the feeling in my two fingers that the firecrackers e playful loded on 
headin up north  smile 
getting the s10 rally truck out of the trees and going tubing  sounds like a stupendous day!
everyday i'm shufflin 
speant 4 hrs changing spark plugs on the camaro > annoyed 
got my laptop  laugh 
"so def leppard and heart canceled their rockfest appearance, so i bought tickets to rockusa, and found out that there are no refunds on rockfest tickets > annoyed "
journey rocked the house last night and now it kiss tonight!!!!!
"took the asvab today, and now i get to get up at 4am to get my physical and job counseling "
"swore into the navy reserve this week, and i'm leaving for boot camp on september 7th, after that i'll be heading to <propfemale> for 28 weeks of training  smile "
broke another transmission mount on the camaro yesterday   
"remember when thirty seemed so old\now lookn' back, it was just a steppin stone\to where we are,\where we've been\said we'd do it all again\remember when"
"fixed the transmissioni mount on the camaro today, and played with the programmer, its been a good day so far"
you ain't no weeble wobble!
"wishin' i was\knee deep in the water somewhere\got the blue sky, breeze and it don't seem fair\the only worry in the world\is the tide gonna reach my chair"
thats not my stack of muffins!
eight days till i leave  annoyed 
"instead of telling someone who rides a motorcycle how dangerous it is    why don't you look twice before switching lanes, making right turns, or pulling out of a driveway    keep your eyes on the road and off your cell phones    if you care about someone who rides a motorcycle or lost someone who rode a motorcycle, please re-post   "
is anyone going to want my bootcamp address to write me  smile  ??
"well, this is my last night at home, so i'd just like to say thank you to everyone for being there for me and being great friends and family  i wouldn't be the person i am today without you guys  i've had some great times, and couldn't ask for a better group of friends  i'm gonna miss all of you, and hope you all have a good one  this is <propmale> myers signing off "
"it’s my life, my time to find the answers\don’t always know what kind of road is in front of me\but i’ll go slow wanna remember every moment\that this is by the goodness ride has ever been\it’s my life"
is getting sick  annoyed 
