3791b092d1182be69d4b72417966f220
"anyone in sa, tomorrow night, my birthday, no direct plans, i am open to ideas and to anyone coming out and celebrating   get at me people!"
"thank goodness boone's folks are selling their house, the last time i was there i was stabbed making a movie, now, some 11 years later, i went back to help move some things and sliced my finger wide open, curse you house!!!!!"
"it sucks that i have too much e playful erience to get jobs i don't even want and not enough in the field i got my degree in, whoops!"
i'm about to move in to a new place which can only mean good things!  we will have a jam space where all real and plastic intsruments are welcome!
"my brain is totally out of whack today   nothing seems to be clicking, synapses are not connecting, can't form full thoughts but oddly enough i'm beginning to embrace it   my brain needs a break once in a while  smile "
"hey to the select few that may need to contact me in the immediate future, my phone has spazzed out and is not working   i should have a new one up an running in a few hours, i hope you guys can wait    ha ha ha"
phone = working again    
gobble gobble to all my wonderful friends across the world!  i am thankful for each and every one of you!
has the itis    zzzzzzzzz
"phone = disconnected at the moment, working on correcting this travesty    "
phone = working but it's a new number so    if you didn't get it yet please hit me up and i'll send it to ya!
"finally have my bed, you can suck it couch!  smile "
"wow, didn't leave work until 5:15 am    so for those who think working where i work is should be easy, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, now with that being said, i love where i work so it's more than all good  smile "
"t-shirt - $25, jordans - $150, plush robe - $50, gold chain - $75, hearing the \ping\"" of a pot off some drunk dudes head 3 times     priceless!!!!!"""
"i'm always thinking one step ahead, like a carpenter who makes stairs    "
"seriously?!?! allergies then a head cold, i love ya, but f you san <propfirst> and your damn oak count  smile "
"happy mother's day to all   and a special shout out to mine, i wouldn't be anywhere near the person i am today if it wasn't for you  i love you mom!"
"thanks to all of my family and friends that kept my birthday going till 6 in tha mornin!!! ha ha ha, but no seriously, it went that late and i had a wonderful time, thank you all and my mom for being my wonderful mom and such a gracious host  smile "
"the more i plan the less things happen, the less i plan the more things go awry, so now, no plans no nothing, unless i'm kidnapped and forced to have fun  just close my eyes and enjoy this last 1 1 2 day off "
"well, i didn't get to the beach like i'd hoped, but the universe still tried and gave me a nice rain shower to run in whilst the sun was out and bright  i may not have it all, but at least i have some  smile "
"well 30 let's see how this year treats us   thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes, presents, pictures, hugs, etc    it doesn't seem like i've had four days off but the clock says it's just about that time, so i bid you farewell world and i will see you bright and early tomorrow    "
"day off with nothing to do, i have to be bored if i'm posting on facebook      "
"3 kindergarteners, 1st grader, 2nd grader, 3rd grader, 6th grader, 8th grader, 2 in high school and a few in college, wow there may be more that i know too, well, happy first day of school to all of you!"
