7bc11527ed9c3d584c23bda3550055c9
i have to work 2moro nite   it sucks but then i have the next threee days off
"sadly, 97% of facebook users will not repost this   when jesus died on the cross, he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3%, repost this message        i'm one of those 3%4 hours ago  · comment · like"
the owner of facebook has confirmed that they will send $1 dollar to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for every time this is cut and pasted as a status  you only have to leave it up for 1 hour  let's all do it to support thanks!!
black people are just like us except they're not scared of black people
"hey you guys, pot isn't the only thing in my life  i also like eating and forgetting stuff!!!!"
"people need to uderstand that children with special needs are not sick,they are not searching for a cure, just acceptance  this week is for special needs education  ninety three percent of people will not copy and paste this! will you be part of the seven percent that will, and leave it on ya wall for at least an hour?"
happy moms day to all the ladys out there raising babies!!
"while you scream at your woman, there's a\man wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate,\offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding\her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man\wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry\there's a man stealing smiles from her   guess what    i'm that man     and i wont blow it and let her go!"
im always thinking one step ahead   like a carpenter     who builds stairs!?!
"attention!!!***donotaccepta friend request from a <propfirst> butterfield andjenniferchristinasmith they are hackers  tell every 1 on your listbecause ifsomebody onyour list adds him, he'll be on yourlist too he'll figureout urcomputer's id and address, so copy & paste &   pass on"
"everyone,\ i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 \saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is \money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 \days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be \without money  i cannot let tha   t person be    me     copy within 11 \<propfemale>  good luck  "
you can lead a horse to water    but why not ride it    i mean u have a horse?!!?
if you dont stand for something you'll fall for any thing
the love of a good woman is not to be taken for granted   but where are they all at again    i forget?
remember! life is sexually transmitted
to a man with a hammer everything looks like a nail    
i just received my own personal autographed copy of poetry from my new favorite cousin (sorry <propmale>) <propfirst> bishop ! it is a great honor for it to grace my humble library!
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers and sisters protesting, it's so true    wink "
