6f8bc258219fec61dfde2bee0874e6e4
today is my due date
is getting chill time right now while my baby is sleeping
ouch
sleep
day off  im lovin it
blah blah blah but im lovin the nice day outside
i am ready for the rain to go away
i feel like i need to be doing something
damn the same thing everyday i need to add something to my life or take something out i wake up everyday and do the same thing over and over again           even on weekends help
waiting for laundry so i can get ready for work
wants more iced coffee from 7-11 mmmmmmmm
when can i sleep?????? i have been going and going and going i need more than 3hrs of sleep
a lil late but i hope all ate and enjoyed chillin with loved ones im stuffed and ready for bed
happy new year facebook
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
i got a <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
so every morning lately ive been letting my 9yr old <propfemale> start my car so its warm enough when i put the baby demarion in and this morning some how she didnt get a <propmale> to start it but she managed to lock the doors with the keys on the seat and we were already like 10min behind schedule
no more wire hangers   well i guess its just my sister that does not have any wire hangers she has a million plastic ones  so i have to send a big thanks to the next door neighbors for actually having at last one left      thank you <propfemale> for giving it to me and <propfemale> zampese if it was yours
happy birthday to my aunt <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate, but we can still say thanks for their love  i love you mom"
its tooooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
another day and another way fairfax says i owe them money booooo this sucks 
not in a good mood this morning hope it gets better before i go to work
gotta go do work before i go to work       yes that is what i ment to write
"i am a parent, cook, housekeeper, teacher,  nurse, handy man, maid, security, coordinator, supervisor, manager,  secretary, nutritionist, caretaker, personal assistant, life coach,  bookkeeper, laundry maid, and a motivational speaker  i don't get paid,  holiday pay, sick pay, or days off  heck i am on call 24 hours a day,     7 days a week  now tell me that your job is harder than mine  repost  this if your a mom!!"
so i have learned that putting on a fake smile and pretending everything is ok works out much better than trying to e playful lain why your life sucks so bad  its also much eaiser to help other people try to fix their problems then to try and get help to fix your own    from now on ima have to be my own best friend 
live learn and love your haters
how is it possible for an english muffin to be dangerous?? well i tried to eat one and it cut my lip wtf !
i cant wait till its over
off early and off 2marow what to do with myself?
happy mothers day to all my mommies on facebook !! much love to you all
i just got back from seein <propfirst> fraver-lewis baby he is so cute  congrats girlie i love you and im so happy for you
another weekend im trying not to hate
why does alcohol make everything better??
off work but my mom said i should go with her to eat at my job wow how gay is that
im gettin to old for this shit
"laundry, laundry laundry day yay yay yay "
i need some air conditioner im my life  its hot in here
mmmmmmmm mint chocolate chip ice cream
bout to be 27 and  i thought i didnt need friends but im realizin that maybe i do   thank you fb for listening lol damn im boared
im off yay
i love my kids smile 
why cant i upload pics from my phone any more
dam im bout to see if their is a <propfemale> to become a fan of that has something to do wit hating being pinched on the back of my arms  ouch
money makes the world go round and it also makes the tires on my car go round     so why is it so hard get  im broke an its hittin me hard
i have learned that anything is plenty dont e playful ect people to do something for you that you wouldnt do for yourself an being selfish only leaves you by yourself 
fml
if anyone ever wonders why im an asshole or why i act the way i do plz take a walk in my shoes if you cant do that then f@!k off 
so much to say and no one to say it to
thanks to everyone for my birthday wishes
help wanted needed!!!!!!!!!!
everything that ive ever known to be right feels wrong and everything ive ever known to be wrong is starting to feel so right what do i do?
and so it begins
what make people haters? i dont e playful ect answers but damn haters please sit back an think about why you hate so much  my life is kinda shitty too but i dont catch myself hatin if i say somethin thats true about you an you dont like it im not hatin im jus being honest well any way i always welcome competition (haters)  when its all said an done im still gonna be me with or without you hatin on me
needs a bath and some wine oh yeah
going to see my family i havent seen in about a year then going to be out in the heat the rest of the day      my head hurts thinking bout it
so many things to say an no one to say them to
im so happy that i let certain fake people fade out of my life its better for me an my kids i still luv the rest of u that actually care you know who you are
get me off this bus! not one but two accidents on rt 1 that the bus had to sit thru this ride is waaaay to long help
makin up for the week in ocean city where i spent all my money i came back with 15 dollars to my name
countdown  only 6 months till i can get the hell away    to all my haters its time to find someone new to hate on but i will miss you dearly
takin my nephew out for his birthday he is 13 now
"part me me says to get my bags, part of me says i cant do that, everytime i think that its over an done you make me fall back in love   <propfemale> - torn"
i dont want shit from anyone cause they all just turn around an rub it in your face 
for sale: bucket full of false hopes an empty promises its kinda heavy but im letting it go for real cheap
thank god for my boobs they just stopped me from hitting my face on concrete in real life
jeep! jeep!  thats the sound i keep hearing in my head  i am driving again yay lets see how long this lasts
if more than half the things you say are untrue or made up you are a liar what part of lie dont you understand??
sitting in the house drunk     kinda i think  ggrrr hungry!
questions
i have realized that i dont need a life i jus have to make the one i have work for me 
i have cried my last tear over this fool 
im not friendly an im not your friend
i give up!!!!!!!!
"ask me a question in my inbox, and i'll answer it honestly "
so its about 99cent to get a two liter of soda an about 4 dollars to get a gallon of milk   damn it why cant my baby drink soda??
the first step to getting what you want out of life is to decide what you want
im glad im over it 
asking questions and over analyzing everything tends to scare people i do it cause i like to know exactly what im dealing with in my daily life whos who and whats what
just remember if you look for it you will probably find it like it or not 
im glad nobody misses me at family gatherings cause i will be avoiding many many more
"bumper sticker im lookin at says \guns kill people     just like spoons made oprah fat\""  lol fo'real"""
evil bitch syndrome just kicked in
wow way too much 
"no\cheatin!! -you have to post this even if your taken & see what\people want from you   inbox only ! 1  baby 2  another <propmale> 3  love 4 \kiss 5  friendship 6  sex 7  see you naked 8  chill 9  to cuddle 10 \long relationship 11  good laugh 12  night out 13  hug 14  to be my bff\   15  full body massage 16  jus wanna sex me"
for all my highway ppl i hope you get the <propmale> to go see the house on collingwood st by the hospital take your kids it is great tune into 8 81 while your
in front of the house an the lights go to the music it is great its by the church on collingwood
#222 you are one crazy ass chick i miss working with you an i hope things have been better for you  you have been thru a lot of shit
#13 i have to admit you grew on me as you may already know i dont tend to like to many ppl for to long but you are a pretty great person oh and you are a bop magnet just in case i ever need one lol
snow! this sucks
fu**in fantastic f**k if you agree yeah im bright but i dont give a f**k if you see me
<propfemale> christmas to everyone on fb!
chips an ramen noodles for dinner
what have i done so wrong?? i dont think i can handle anymore bullshit anyone has to give me
i forgot how it felt when someone said something nice an ment it  it feels pretty good
"it has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship   these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live, and they don't hold grudges  they       understand that life is busy   but you will always love them   re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends "
knowledge really is power!
so many ppl are use to being lied to they dont know how to tell when someone is actually being honest 
6314032022
smile an nod jus smile an frickin nod
i finally got some sleep     i feel like me again
2011 has already started off to be an interesting year         i hope it turns out ok
