cc15cd5c78fed42282ece67effaad7f7
getting ready for move excited 
"getting ready to go to work and really wishin they hadnt called but, the extra doe will do me good "
so needing this day off    going to see my puppy and kit-kat and try to relax 
read this today     if you are indifferent to a wrong then you are part of it     kinda puts a new perspective on alot of issues most people just let happen cuz it doesnt affect their little world huh?
had a really good week   hopin next week goes as good 
happy that football is back!!!!
so happy football is back  
really happy about getting in touch with friends from looong ago    really looking forward to hopefully renewing some friendships 
football day!!!!  cant believe sept  went by so fast   it seems like the older you get time just moves so fast 
really long day and no end in sight looking forward to the weekend 
"not ready for the week end to end but, i guess it has to sometime     "
"well, i feel like i should be somewhere else today     oh well, have to make the best of it really happy the weather is changing to cool waitin for the cold    "
i am bored to night!!!!!  still feel like i should be somewhere else       
day is the long day ready for it to be over      
"not having the best of evenings but, i figure it could be alot worse so just going to get through         maybe tomarrow will be a better day "
went to doc yesterday and have to have more tests and not looking like fun   other than that life going by in a blurrrrr time moves so fast   although i am looking forward to the holidays!!!  try the pmpkin pie blizzard at dairy <propfemale>  yummy
football day!!  my life is so predictable    i might need some excitement       
bored out of my mind!!!!!  did see a really pretty rainbow earlier and it makes you realize how wonderfull nature really is     still blahhh though it will pass i hope 
"thought today was going to hum drum, but got one single e-mail that made it fantastic!!!!!  i needed some good news after how crappy i been feelin' the last few weeks   i hope that everyone has a good day too!!"
lovin the cool weather just hope it doesnt flip script and get hot again 
got some papers in the mail and pray that its the ones that say you are free!! after 15 yrs of thinkin i was it will be nice to finally get my real name back!!  whoo hoo!!
wishin i had the day to spend outside it is a wonderful fall day!!
ready for this week to be over and still have 3 long hard days to go   get to put up christmas decorations today so that will help put me in better mood     i hope     
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!  i hope everyone has a wonderful holiday and say a little prayer for snow!!!!!
"well, 3 days and only 4 ciggs so i guess i will be a non-smoker soon   never thought i would actually do it but, i do feel like i am done    that means i have no addictions at all    wow i am leading a really boring life  oh well, i guess it had to get slow at some point    maybe with all the money i save on smokes will pay for a nice trip somewhere   "
"lovin' the whiteness outside, everything looks so pretty   wish it would stay like this "
"here's something that i read and thought, huh?  life isn't about how to survive the storm but how to dance in the rain     and this one     what if the hokey pokey really is what it's all about?"
super bowl!!!!!  go green bay!!!  gonna be a great game   cant wait til' kick off!!!
