ff24be1b6ea4fdf1d2816a06fa3517e9
"unfortunately, the idiots have taken over  we are the way we are because morons rule the world  it sucks you can't beat uncle <propfirst>, as the morons are the majority "
being at work all <propmale> over kinda sux    lol
i'm free motherfuckers!!!!! muwahahahahaha and i'm comin' for you!!!!!!!!!!!!
jail is for suckers!!!!!!
just saw 'the a-team' movie    it was awesome!
"have you ever felt so alone that u just don't know what to do? have you ever been so lost you don't know which direction to head? have you ever felt so deserted that u thought about deserting yourself? \\hi, i'm <propmale>    its nice to meet you"
remember everybody     paint *happy trees*
"even when life throws you a curve ball and it hits you in the eye, no matter how pissed off you may feel it's best to brush it off and let things roll, even if you're blinded   "
and another long day begins    hangover + 4 hours of sleep = awesome
there are no such thing as sox fans    they are all just cubs haters
sometimes i think i try way too hard   fatal errors time n time again! perhaps one day ill learn!
chillin at the caves!
"fuck everyone  y'all wanna be stupid, thats fine with me  i'd hope y'all learn from my mistakes but u wanna be stubborn   just u wait  ur time will come  u know who you are "
having a jacked up shoulder really sux!!  crying 
"hi ho, hi ho, its off to work i go    i install some shit and then i quit   hi ho, hi ho"
happy friday the 13th everyone!!!! muwahahahahahaha!!
hellogoodbye- here (in your arms)
"just got back from seeing \the e playful endables\""    i have one word- awesome  it was all it was made up to be!"""
"i may be my father's son, but im not my father   i may make similar mistakes but the difference is that i learn from mine!"
well its time to find something else    i dont know how much longer i can take this abuse crap    its no wonder its so hard to keep employees 
i am much like my father    ain't nuthin like enjoying a beverage after a long day of nuthin' but crap!
"i'm barely livin' in my skin depression's my only friend\and i don't know where i am heading\ tryin' to forget where i've been\and i'm so sick of lying \god please show me that silver lining\cuz i've heard tale\and i'm not well my heads full of hell"
about to install windows 7!!
i love winding down after a hard days work
well its back to the drawing board!
start my new job today! wish me luck!
haha sometimes i hate bein guilty by association!
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch\ in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for \someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  \but we can raise awareness     93% of people won't repost this, they need apunch in the face too "
is heading to the junk yard today!!
is lonely but good music helps!
is very much enjoying my dunkin donuts coffee this morning!!!
thinks it is a little gloomy but beautiful outside!
is on his way to a nudist colony to fix a roof!   smile 
is pissed off at ignorant people  it's just no way to start the day  wtf 
"is telling facebook to fuck off  it needs to stop refreshing so i can type a goddamn sentence, view a profile or create a message"
thinks today is gunna be a good day!  smile 
love pandora internet radio!!
thinks that it is a beautiful day!
"says that the word of the day is \epic\"" on the grandest scale   """
"a politician sees his family everyday; a \deployed soldier once in 1 year  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier\ flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is \clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must \justify extra rations  a politician    vows to defend their country; a \      soldier actually       keeps that promise  repost if you support \our troops!!"
is headed to starved rock! it's going to be the perfect day for it!!
"thinks that is bull that helping people is like pulling teeth sometimes  given a situation, i'm already doing everything in my power to bend over backwards for them, but it's just not enough  i don't know wtf you people want from me  if what i have to give isn't enough then f*ck off "
despises i290 
is a total ninja    just vanishes for days  
is off to see the wizard! back to <propfemale> land i go!
"thinks that it's total crap  everything, everyone, everywhere "
is ready for a nap 
is always in a good mood when the clock hits twenty after four!
"thinks that kankakee county is like hotel california- you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave   "
"omg fuck cricket wireless  i'm behind on my 'pre-paid' service and they want to charge me $53 to reinstate it for 2 1 2 weeks, then pay another 40    wtf"
"is really glad that sometimes, just chatting with an old friend is more rewarding than they will ever know   their knowledge and perspective can be invaluable in a time of dire need  a fresh point of view and understanding conversation is exactly what's needed every once in a while  thanks for giving me some things to try    thank you, you know who you are!!"
enjoys playing around in the junkyard when it's raining!
doesnt like bein punched in the head while sleeping  wtf  fml 
needs a new life 
is at tehaans on oak park ave!
just had a talk about 2 girls n a cup  wtf is wrong with people!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"is having waaaaay too much fun playing a \chris hansen - to catch a predator\"" soundboard    lmao!!"""
the bird is totally the word 
"while\ you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\ in her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man \flirting with her and reminding herhow wonderful she is  while you \hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while \you make your woman cry there's   a man stealing    smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
is off to 115 bourbon street!
is really effin bored 
"inbox\ only: tell me something you've always wanted to tell me  stays between \us  put this as your status and see what you get  (why not?)"
is heading off to starved rock! good times!
thinks that people are way to complicated and into themselves  they need to just let go and relax  wtf  life would be so much simpler and happier if they did 
is really really bored  someone come and play with me!
can never get any peace 
is amazed at how easy it is to put a remote starter on a 2007 nissan murano push-to-start    30 <propfemale> and done  easy money  o'right   
a lap dance is so much better when the stripper is cryin!
wants to goto an ocean and try surfing!
just bought and loves call of duty: black ops 
loves what he does  its all about the benjamins!
so im on the train and saw a building that said 'elfco' on it with the head of an elf nex to it   wtf? it may feel like the north pole but damn <propfemale>   way to grow your operation! lol!
"is so pissed off at uncle <propfirst>   not only did his bullshit rules cost me my life, job and my livelihood, he cost me the respect of others  that's what hurts  it just sucks because i'm so good at my job but i can't grow because uncle <propfirst> says i'm a fuck-up  wtf  fml "
is now a nomad   free to roam the earth 
is really feeling how things come full-circle 
"is really getting tired of people and their bullsh*t  answer your motherf*cking phones people  what is the point of having a phone if you never f*cking answer it???? i'm glad to all those people who i am asking for help and are blowing me off, if you show up at my funeral i will strike you down and send you to hell  \have a good day "
