f836a2b181ea675ed40fcf7488b428bf
hello vegas!
doesn't like new mexico so much  hehe 
"is happy for rain, but wishes her dog could <propfemale> an umbrella "
ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!! i have internet!!!!! yay yayay yayayayayayayayayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!
why do people at wal-mart smell so funny?
"yay! i finally posted wedding pics     8 months after the fact    boy, am i on top of things or what!?!?"
holy cow i think i might pop!
hungry  tired  must i go on?
is sooooooo excited for coast!!! yay!
oh yes  i do approve of the new photo uploading thingy 
only 29(ish) more days until i have a child     thats wierd   
"has a new baby girl, <propfemale> tae  soooooo cute!"
happy happy!!! joy joy! i love having good easy days    *sigh*
i think it just now hit me that i am 20 years old    i've been this way for almost 6 months    and i just realized it    wow  wake up <propfemale>!!!
"stupid watermelon  so delicious, yet so painful    i submit "
<propfirst> hood! yay!!! there is something oddly fascinating about watching <propfirst> crowe kill people   
is watching <propfirst> work on his truck    he's so dreamy  lol
i love good old fashioned koinonia  it is good for the soul   laugh 
sooo sooooo sooooooooo excited to see my family  yay!!!!!!!!! and <propfirst> too  and maybe <propfirst>???
my two month old just growled at me   
gr  do i have to?
aw the power of a pout   
holy cow    that was the longest four minutes of my life!!!!!
it's funny how when you have a bad day    it goes all out bad
when you  start with god you see man in his proper perspective
i thought cold season was in winter    what's the deal?!?!
i love cookies    they make my world sparkley  yay
107 degrees at 7 surprise 0 at night  that's  special   
is soooo sick of washing dishes  hands = pruny  yuck
kids camp next week  that will be interesting  excited to see how the lord will work!
awesome time at kids camp  so many prayers answered! now i'm in idaho! yay!
wow! so glad today turned out way better than it started  praise god!!!
road trip  yay! but i will miss my dear husband  *tear*
i love you
soooo tired  i think i'm going to fall asleep typinzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
firefighter school was awesome! god did a great work!!!! glad to get some rest now though 
so wants to eat a peice of super chocolatey cake    yummmmm!
<propfemale> decided she can role today  my babys growing up so fast  sad 
i love riding horses in the morning before it gets so hot i think i'll die
loves today! so pretty   smile 
"is tired and dirty and wants ice cream, and had quite a good day with my darling husband on his day off  yay"
my computer is crashing!!!! i don't know what to do    cry maybe? i didn't back up any of my pics    except the ones that are uploaded to facebook i spose  hahawaaaaaaaaaa!  crying 
the days right before fall are always so perfect  i wish i could be outside every minute!
"man, it's hard to stop yourself from getting ahead of god  i just get so darn excitable!"
"going camping tomorrow  spose'd to be cloudy, but no rain says the weather people  yay! hope that happens! i hate camping in the rain  annoyed "
sometimes i really wish i could meet a certain person only so i could shove a large sock in his mouth   smile 
heaven  is  a wonderful place  filled  with  <propfemale> and grace  and i wanna see my saviors face cuz heaven is a wonderful place! (i wanna go there)  hehe
waiting    waiting    waiting    will you come home already???? please?  smile 
can't wait to get back my mav    how wonderful it will be to be able to drive again! i think its been like 3 or 4 months    yay for freedom!!!
soooo    i washed and dried my phone last night with my laundry    rest in pieces my poor little plastic piece of junk   sad 
as much as i love the weather we're having    there is something wrong when its 82 degrees in the middle of november
i think a documentary on faral cats may be pretty profitable  it could be very low-budget seeing as how we have so many of the creatures roaming around our neighborhood    any interest?
<propfemale> got her first tooth  yay!
"i got my car back just in time to go christmas shopping  now <propfirst> doesn't have to take me to go pick out his presents  though, i think he might have liked that  smile "
is excited for the parade  woo hoo 
donated 4 big black trash bags of clothes today    three of which were full of <propfirst>'s clothes    wow
yay! i got a puppy!
i love how even though my baby is so sick she still gives me big smiles! i am sooo blessed!
i'm thinkin ice skating sounds like fun right now
so sad  all the fam has officially left and the holiday fun is over    
i love crock pots they're soooo easy!
hey! anybody need baby formula? or know of someone who does? i have 4 cans of it and a bunch of coupons that i'm never going to use and would much rather share than throw it away     smile 
i love how <propfemale> points at everything with her little sausage fingers!
"i'm sitting next to the christmas tree drinking hot cocoa    wondering, does <propfirst> seriously still want the tree in the living room? or is he just using that as an excuse to be lazy? hmmmmmmm"
just watched grease   i had forgotten how risqué it was!
thank you all for the birthday wishes! love ya!
i miss you!
