8a9817ed84badcd8278af22c495d8378
workin' on photoshop
sunburn   ow    
need three more farmville gifts to get the last ribbon  can anyone help me out with that?  smile 
just need two more farmville gifts for the ribbon  anyone care to help with that?
i have a lot to do this week    
"pumpkin pie ice cream, yum"
to the batcave!
ever feel a random moment of bliss?
i saw a public bus advertising left 4 dead 2! awesome!
watching stargate universe with my dad  smile 
so sleepy   
too much sugar today    
playing house of the dead on the wii  the voice acting is so horrible    
what a nice day for a slurpee  smile 
must focus    on paper    too tired   
when in rome 
kayak day was as awesome as ever  smile 
the smirched frazmin mellfully gloxed zimpled nerfs 
"my snapple cap says \penguins can jump 6 feet\"""""
"my snapple cap says \australia is the only continent without an active volcano\"""""
studying   
watching 1951 the day the earth stood still
watching death note
opening farmville presents  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i feel like going to the beach 
naked gun is so hilarious  laugh 
saw the elusive left 4 dead bus 
in the mood for a root beer   
had another person tell me that i should have gone into something <propmale> related as a <propmale> 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wish  smile 
"my fortune cookies says \you will have a party \"" hmm    """
needs the help for the barn raising 
has lots of leftover s'mores ingredients
watching a video on how to clean babies
exercising   
billiards friday woo!
learning about lactation
anime club party  smile 
happy <propfirst>'s day!
heard someone reading an erotic section of a romance novel in an <propmale> schwarzenegger voice  that was hilarious 
mint chocolate chip ice cream  mmm   
just finished the confirmation for graduation
billiards friday woo!
saw a squirrel eating a hamburger <propfemale>   
what a nice day today  smile 
must   focus   on   paper    
one week until spring break  smile 
so many kinds of meditation and not enough opportunities to do them 
when did i become a fan of south florida bamboo farm?
watching samurai champloo
instant noodles  playful 
"kayak day saturday, woo!"
another weekend of board games  smile 
so who else got drenched today?
learned how to tag people in the status bar thanks to elexis ansley  smile 
watching bleach
really hard to focus on study guides   
wants to hit the beach
finally home
hope to hit the beach this week 
florida weather   whew   
going to the beach tomorrow  at last!
needs a cold drink
3 more days until photo dojo (nintendo dsi)
photo dojo (nintendo dsi) woo!
who wants to hit the beach?
killing zombies in wonderland
the google home <propfemale> is awesome!
pool day
kayak day saturday!!
<propfemale> jimenez finally went kayaking  smile 
ichirin no <propfemale>
couch moving is so inconvenient    
wants to go to the beach
once again i'm told i should have gone to school for something <propmale> related 
been working on photoshop all day
beach time monday    as long as it doesn't rain   
photoshoppin'
haulover beach tomorrow  smile 
is it too cloudy out to go to the beach?
i got a hand-me up
"today looks like a good day to go to the pool or the beach   or better yet, skinny dipping! haha"
went walking today  got some much needed exersing and some sun  smile 
got my computer back  smile 
lunchables pizza  smile 
so what's in a nightcap?
beach day
carpel tunnel
got a twitter
slot of stupendousness!
silverfish hand catch!
now it's time to make like a bakery truck and haul buns 
<propfemale> of next
watching fullmetal alchemist    in english    i prefer the japanese voice actors   
watching baby geniuses  laugh 
crackdown 2
wants <propfemale> vs  capcom 3 now!
watching 1966 batman with <propfirst> rillera  such a funny movie   
play naked <propfemale> pong - <propfirst> horton
indesign
back from asaka  smile 
mucho mango arizona ice tea  smile 
the flintstones are on google!  smile 
feels a cold coming on
just finished watching the iron giant with <propfemale> jimenez
suddenly got a feeling of <propfemale> vu   
well   the new facebook was forced upon me   
i enjoy the peace and quiet of having the house to myself  smile 
must   find   job   
brownie baking with <propfemale> jimenez
a broadway show about spiderman? interesting   
the top part of the new facebook profile looks like a job application   
notary public at your service
so  anyone in florida need anything notarized? i can help with that  smile 
have a job interview at equinox on wednesday  wish me luck  smile 
back to the job search
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
mushi-shi  smile 
"so i look in my fridge and i see we have almond milk  my response was \i didn't know you could milk an almond   \"""""
the hunger games = win
the google homepage is cool
nutri-sweet has shown to temporarily cause frontal lobe deficiency
<propfemale> vs capcom 3 is awesome!
test time
"just got a spam email with the subject \we have illegal drugs!\"""""
watching mort and <propfemale>
april fools!
studying  annoyed 
"if you are a gas station attendant, government employee, or retail store clerk, you have a higher probability of being murdered on the job than a police officer in your own community  if you a secretary or clerk in an office, you are more likely to be murdered at work than a west <propfemale> miner is likely to be accidentally killed in an industry-related accident "
two more sundays until lent ends
the semester is over!
so who can suggest a good motivational technique for exercising?
cat fight!
"attention! to my friends that work  if you wouldn't mind, could you fill out a survey i have to do for a class project? it's a paper survey so i have to give it to you in person  thanks"
the president is on oprah 
