ba4159c9efb2839c976f188b7e703fd8
"eh, work at 5 "
 smile 
isn't a morning person    about to make breakfast 
my phone's back on  smile 
i love morgantown  smile 
is seriously thinking of joining the army 
i need coffee 
i never sleep 
no cell service since monday  fml 
"take what you will tonight, i'll give it as fast and high as the flame will rise  ?"
taco <propfemale> would be pretty amazing right now 
i guess i'm going to the lake for the weekend 
"making sweet tea, then getting some sun  smile "
 laugh 
thanks <propfemale> 
helllooo netflix and cookie dough ice cream  smile 
i love manders!!
lmao  whatever   
weeds is probably the best show ever 
no sleep and starting season 2 of weeds  it's going to be a great day   smile 
" annoyed \ i think my weekend plans have been cancelled, so if message me if you'd like to do something "
on my way to chapmanville for a bit   annoyed \
another night of weeds via netflix 
weeds    just started season 5  smile 
"dear facebook, i'd really love to be able to read my messages "
job interview tonight!  smile 
i got the job  smile 
"redbull and energy shots? yes, please   smile "
<propfemale> bombs for days  smile 
getting ready for work    i could use a few more hours of sleep 
i lost my phone    wtf 
beetlejuice! beetlejuice! beetlejuice!
"got all my hair cut off, going to the rec center to work out in a bit, then going to <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s   smile "
i guess it's time for bed    double shift tomorrow 
my iphone came in today  laugh 
 annoyed \
"had a great time with everyone, glafd i'm off tomorrow  lolol  time for bed "
lol  @ the attempt of an insult by rednecks in walmart 
"eh, guess it's time for netflix "
"watching the <propmale> tenenbaums, then going to bed   annoyed \"
robot dangerr
"eh, whatever    work at 4, come see me "
"lol, i just want to thank you for making me feel like a fucking idiot "
ommmmfg  i love life right now smile 
taking a shower and going to montgomery to see <propfemale>!
"please, let today be a good day "
 sad 
walking dead on amc then time to get some sleep 
hopefully i can get my tire fixed before work this morning  annoyed 
put on your smoking face
half a bottle of hypnotic laterrr   
today's my first day in the bar so come visit me at reno's and order some drinks  smile 
so tired    sleep is much needed 
"working the bar today, come have a few drinks at reno's  smile "
"working the bar tonight 1-10\come have a few drinks at reno's  smile "
this has been an amazing weekend!
watch out for that light!! lolol
