ac7799d992e71fd6e88d04c264faf9db
2011 is here and it is already starting out pretty shitty  negative <propfemale> is in town  not looking forward to the mess that will dwell upon me this year 
ugh waaay too early  i'm not used to this  off to the docs for a funfilled day at the hospital  rise and shine!!!
wow some people are flippin' nuts!! i'm not going to mention any names but ppl forget how to drive when weather starts getting nice! the heat is getting to some  turn on the air or a fan  it might help 
"man, alcohol makes some people coo coo! i never realized this until i kept sober for these 5 long years  the drunks are making me want to start drinking with them just so i can deal  then i can be coo coo <propfirst> again!! then maybe that would make an excuse & e playful lain the method to my madness!"
"you know what just occurred to me as i'm thinking about the past few days & all the arguments that have unfortunately happened  it really ticks me off when people doubt me all the time, especially when i put so much trust into others  that's when i blow  i'm sorry to everyone who i unleashed the beast on, truly  but am i really that hard to trust? critique please  then i will fix my mistakes  thanku & have a fab day!"
thanks for all the support guys! i feel better already!!!  smile 
shopping with my mom and gma for my sisters wedding is a blast!! i'm also shopping for vegas ladies! lots of dresses for sale! i bought a few like u guys  i'm ready to go  i'm getting the ticket tonight  i'm so in!!
"waiting at the hospital waiting room again this week, for the third time  these r the highlight of my day!! ha it's gonna be a long day i feel    "
"today was a loooong day  been at the hospital since 9am & didn't get home till 3, haven't ate anything besides carnation instant breakfast  i was locked out! i didn't have my keys & pops wasn't home  my mom was @ work so i fed the birds and sat on the porch till 5 smile 0pm in the hardest chair on earth  i have no padding or glutes to cushion  its like skin & bone & metal  i could barely walk or get up  i need a pillow "
"rabbitvs crows in backyard earlier in the am the badass <propfemale> kept charging the crows, protecting the babies the crows have been hanging around all day stalking the nest,cawing i went & made a house for the bunnies i hope they stay safe & warm the crows killed a robin i found the egg as evidence check out the mobilepics   sad  stupid nasty crows  anyone have a beebee gun?or is it bebe?whatever,you all know what i mean "
save the bunnies!!
"bunnies vs  crows update: the status of the fort this morning when i woke, the side wall where we didn't put a brick fell over because of the crappy <propfemale> weather & rain  i made a new wall for the home & added a 3rd brick  the crows are still creepin' so i put a scarecrow my mom had in the garage next to the baby bungalo  bunnies-3 crows-0  <propfemale> & <propfemale> are some badass bunnies   ninja style!!"
"omg <propfemale>, you are da bomb!! my mom just brought me the bb gun! yes!!! now i can be a sniper i've always dreamed i'd be  this flippin' rocks! thanks auntie <propfemale>ie!! your the best!! save the babies! banish the crows!"
my new nickname is officially snipa sista thanks to <propfirst>  shoot the cannibal crows! guns are cool 
<propfemale> white efin' rocks! she is on snl right now  she was just talking about how loser's use facebook! now she's talking about penis  i love her!! turn it on people!
happy mother's day!! to all of you wonderful ladies who are always there for their babies  i love mama's and appreciate every single one of you! have a fabulous day   i hope each of you gets spoiled rotten  you all deserve it!
"hottubs rock! i feel all nice and relaxed  now its sleepytime  nighty night, sleep tight "
"i think i know all you need to know about adrenal glands and your thyroid after my doc appt this am  information overload  hey, i look @ the glass half full   at least i don't have to pay for classes!  smile "
"\there are 3 sides to every story  there's one side  there's the other  and then there's the truth \"" -<propfirst> vs <propfirst>"""
"ahhhhh finally, the rain has stopped  thank the lord  this is more like it! garage sale time this weekend in my neighborhood  i think i feel some retail therapy in today's future   buying other peoples junk  i just can't help myself people  it runs in the genes  and it's fun, especially with meemaw! lookin' for that <propfemale> in the rough!! wish me luck!"
"rain blows  i enjoyed the beautiful weather this weekend and the events that went on  monday sucks  period  sorry i'm complaining  let's see   the glass half full  well, i caught up on my sleep! maybe monday's aren't so bad       naw  they still suck "
"update: <propfemale> family vs  cannibal crows - scarecrow tactics worked! the crows haven't been lurking as much  during the home makeover, i checked to see if any life was in the nest, when i saw these two huge eyes staring up at me  the babies live!"
"<propfemale> update: sunday evening we saw the mama & papa along with 2 babies who hopped out of the fort  almost the minute they got back there, kids in the backyard behind us, i believe caught one and took it in the house  i am not sure if they put it back, but hopefully it will be a good home for it & they will take good care of the <propfemale>  at least the baby won't get snatched up by a dirty bird anymore!"
on my way to toronto tomorrow in the a m  i better go pack 
today feels like a fabulous day for a road trip  toronto here we come!
going to see the falls! i am loving this city already & i've only been here a day   smile  oh happy day!!!
"trying to contain my excitement, waiting for the flight to arrive  there are lots of interesting characters in airports  i love people watching "
is getting the party started  woot woot!!
i love this bar!!
needs sleep  body hurts  tired  rest  help me  please 
"is watching the bachelorette right now & all i have to say is, what, a nut job "
is locked out of the house again cause my garage door opener decided not to work today when i arrived back @ the crib  damn  i'm hungry  taco hell is sounding really tasty right about now 
"my head just might e playful lode today  <propmale> a dryl, where are you when i need you?"
"the nisshin maru needs to sink into the depths of the ocean, along with the other ships that kill whales  then the sharks can get fed "
stuck in the sh*tty effin' hospital again for only god knows how long  story of my life  *sigh*
i just want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday since the celebration has been going on for a couple weeks and i haven't had a <propmale> to really thank everyone  i've had the most a-mazing birthday   the best! thank you for all of your wishes and company to partay with little ol' me  i love you all!!
"\and the day came when the risk to remain tight in a <propmale> was more painful than the risk it took to bloom \"" - anais nin"""
"the results are finally in! i not only have pneumonia, but it has a new teammate they are calling the flu that decided to grace us with its presence  how fun is this!! double whammy  that's the way this bia rolls  bring it on bitches!!"
is thinking of ways to escape from this solitary confinement without been seen  my brain hurts  ideas anyone?
just learned from <propfirst> that the #1 use for bat doodoo is mascara 
"has a goose egg on the back of her head that hurts like a     hell, i could say a lot of horrible words right now but i won't post them  o happy day  i hope everyone has a better day then i've had "
"is feeling great even with this lump on my fathead   stiff neck, big lump, little bruise, no blood   its all good in the hood   and i had visitors today   i just got done visiting with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and about to soak in the hot tub   what a great day!!  goodnight everyone!  don't let the bed bugs bite   sleep tight!   wink ~"
and ice packs are bff  
can't freakin' sleep  ever 
is chillin' in the backyard enjoying the beautiful weather with her bitches   love 
"just finished painting the humongous boulder up @ the pond for the festivities this weekend   rumor has it, it's a meteorite   i dunno about all that trev   are you messing with me or telling the truth?"
"is uber bored right now   wii, here i come "
"can't wait to see my sista & her boo  i am their chauffeur this evening, after their late transportation arrives  they are lucky i'm am a creature of the night, and i love 'em so much  otherwise they'd be <propfirst>   wink "
is finally laying in my own comfy bed @ my own house not being woken up every 6 seconds being told to take meds & go to the bathroom more  relaxation is in order before the big weekend  sleepytime 4 me 
now that rehearsal dindin is done all that's left is my lil' sis and soon to be older bro's nuptials tomorrow afternoon  this is going to be a very fun day and even funner night   let's get this party started ya'll!!  yeeeee haaaawww!!!
gettin' our hair did drinking mimosa's  countdown!!
"just e playful erienced the bestest, funnest, most fabulous wedding ever last night "
is wiped out 
is about to grub on some panchero's with molls cause the bia is hungry  yum in my tum 
would love to <propfemale> out with <propmale> dyrdek  now how friggin' fun would that be!?t
keeps hitting walls and tripping over nothing because of this vertigo bull   i guess that's what i get for falling on my fat head twice in three days   the room keeps spinning and spinning and spinning   
\be who you are and say what you feel   those that matter, \ac7799d992e71fd6e8 laugh 04c264faf9db,might be breaking up out of this bia today  it's been almost three long flippin' weeks this time  god help me 
was thinking about how great my mom is  she has been workin it for days and won't take a break when needed  take a break  u deserve it 
mama is so great  she tells me that she was going to be upstairs and call her if i needed anything   how cruel would that be if i called her while shes cleaning my room for me to come tell her i need her recline my chair!!!  lol  evil!  not doing that to mama!!
discovered i own crotchless underwear   the bitch strikes again 
just spent the whole dsy sleeping  now i can't sleep 
can't stand the doctor i saw today  i wanted to ninja slap and kick him in his grill  that'll show that a$$hole 
hates steroids   and medication   and stays in the hospital that go on way too long   i can't think of anything else right now   i am in a crappy mood   stupid gi doctor   that's all i have to say 
is @ tiger game  its not raining anymore!
thinks it's a beautiful day today 
it's beautiful out again   lovin' it 
loves sleep 
power is out  time to break out the candles & laterns 
is gettin' my nappy farhead of hair did  awwwww snap 
can't believe how flippin' <propfemale> it is 
am sitting in a waiting room  bored  very bored  it's sad how the cancer center is so packed nowadays  it's in the agua i think
is going for a walk with mama & psycho  too much energy for one little dog  we need to wear her out somehow so she will calm the hell down 
"\to see the good in people sometimes you have to squint \"""""
needs to get out of this funk 
is finally able to hottub it today   awwwww yeah   my muscles are screaming for it 
it's hot tub time  awww yeah 
is off to get all buff 'n stuff 
can't sleep  it must be my throbbing headache and the fact that my mind won't shut the hell up 
feels like total sh*t on this beautiful day 
thanks god for not getting admitted to the hospital & letting me sleep in my own bed  amen 
wishing everyone a fantastic thanksgiving!!!
loves bully beatdown 
has been stuck in the friggin' hospital with a eye infection and can't get out  i'm just glad i'm not driving right now with the blizzard outside and the crazies on the road 
home sweet home  oh how very sweet it is 
"hallelujah!!! jax has picked out our bridesmaid dresses  now for the color     \time's a tickin'!!"
"sending prayers to my grandma who got a pacemaker today, and to <propfemale> who also had surgery  join me  i love you both "
has seen the 2nd pink sports car driving on the road in less than a week  this one had a life size bratzz decal on the passenger door     
"just relaxin' in the hottub then suddenly the cover falls on my friggin' head  i just keep telling myself, if it wasn't for bad luck, there wouldn't be any good luck at all "
why does shopping make me feel so much better?
be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind  -- dr  seuss
get me out of here please 
is going to be first in line for tickets to the new <propfirst> beiber movie that is coming out soon  hahahahahahahahaha
has managed to get in another brawl with my body this past weekend  i remain victorious  my body can suck it 
"if i hear \firework\"" one more time today i am going to check myself into an mental facility """
needs a firework so all the radio stations that keep playing that song over and over can go boom boom boom 
got all of my booster shots today since i haven't had them since the transplant   thank god when your a baby you don't remember it  they all hurt  now let's see what kind of reaction i get over the weekend  wish me luck 
got poked 10 times today before 4pm  i'm sore    that's what she said 
"enjoying laying in my comfortable bed   hear the volume turning up in the other room singing \make ya go oh oh oh\""  mama jammin' to the same damn song i keep bitchin' about  god help me  god help us all """
its 4am and i'm watching spaceballs  who wishes they were me??
apple products and i have a love hate relationship  today it's hate 
