8dbec0499938a6ae59f6d966695e343b
forgeting is half the battle  sorry bout ur cars <propmale> 
he beats his fist apon the post and still insists he sees the ghost 
want something sweet  like a cookie  gah 
my brain feels like i put it in the blender for an hour and poured it back into my skull  gah 
i used to look foward to saturday mornings  make a big breakfast and mabey watch some cartoons with <propmale>  now i work every saturday    i fucking hate working 6 days a week   the pay is nice tho 
is it sad that the only thing i want in the world is a kinddle? im such a fucking book worm 
boredom & frustration
so i am finaly willing to admit my eyes are green becuse 3 people have told me that within the last week  gah  and this whole time i thought they were blue 
the number one reason i love my new apartment   i have been home for an hour and a half and just barly realized i didnt turn on the ac   i wasnt even uncomfortable i just realized how quiet it was 
"i woke up in a mexican jail last week  my bail was 5 bucks and my nike's, what kind of bull shit is that?"
dont cross the street if you cant get out of the kitchen -boondock saints
life is so much easyer when everything is so hectic that the time goes by like nothing   i hate summer 
<propfirst> is giving me a clean divorce plus joint custody  i am happyier than i have ever been  besides the day <propmale> was born ofcorse 
ta-da to the 3rd power 
"they put add in paper for drivers so i have been non stop busy    i hate this shit \\you can reach me at 4805841367\ ---------------------------------------------\sent by a cricket mobile device\ ---------------------------------------------"
if only dinner could make itself  sigh  oh well back to being mom 
when all else fails leave it to katies random pictures of partys past to come back to bite me in the ass  lol 
warning to all  avoid <propfemale> like the plage  its a bad day and i might just bite your head off  just a warning 
im doing better now  not mad anymore 
can someone tell me why it feels like wednesday night on a saturday night? i swear its like a tootsie pop  we will never know how many licks
if posible avoid ever being in a line at a state office  fuck that shit 
when the real world begins to seem more like bad tv i remind myself that i can always change the <propfemale> 
the definition of homophobia- the irrational fear that 3 fags will break into your house and redecorate 
god invented liquor so the <propfemale> wouldnt rule the world
i like it on my night stand or on my kitchen counter but somtimes the bathroom floor is ok 
i feel sorry for blind tweakers  can you imagin how parinoid they are?
"i had my first bolngna sandwitch since i was a little kid today, it made me realize i really hate bolngna "
"i had my first bolngna sandwitch since i was a little kid today, it made me realize i really hate bolngna "
i miss when cartoons had wit to them  now i can feel my brain melting watching <propfemale> and sponge <propmale> 
all i do is stick around the <propfemale> goes up and the sun goes down and all i do is stick around 
at dbacks game with my dad and lil dude  ground seats!
"early in the morning, rising to the street     <propfemale> this one is for you  light me up that ciggeret   "
your my boy blue!
after listening to h i m  i feel like a rape victim
try exsplaining the <propmale> horror picture show to your co-workers and see if they dont look at you like your a freak 
let us not forget all the lab rats that fell in the line of duty just to supply ur whore red lipstick 
the sadd little things that can make my day  like fixing the white out roller   sigh 
"fyi: the term whore no longer applys, it now is a \discounted pre-used companion """
thank you <propmale>! if it wernt for u and evil fart i would have never known my youtube was working on my phone again 
my coworkers new car smells of failed hopes and dreams i guess thats what u get with a 92' toyota camry 
laughing eyes are staring me down 
is it just me or does it seem like the days are really geting shorter and melting together? like i swear it is still june but the calendar tells me diffrent 
i have dicided that i am buying a kindle 3g this comming march! i cant wait!
grab your <propmale> and double click for porn porn porn!
my divorce is today at 8:15  wish me luck ill keep you all posted 
im divorced 
why is it that every time i  want to just end it and forget everything i get that call that changes everything  when everty thing is finally ok you call and ruin it all 
they offered me cocain to vote macain! -<propmale> james(cocains one hell of a drug   )
"when life gave you lemons you made lemonade, when my life gave me lemons i went out to get vodka  see the diffrence?"
corect me if im wrong but all people should come with a mute button 
"the ugly truth- we are the ones who look to corrupt your children, to feed on their innocence and distroy their morals  we are the <propfemale> companys of <propfemale> and we are after your first born "
i fucking love pinapple upside down cake martini's!
pisst    can u hear that? do you know what that is? its the pitter patter of people getting shit done  now wake the fuck up!
fair warning to all women who divorce thier husbands  if he does not leave the house your underwear will go missing  yes i know it is very gross 
have you ever gotten youself in a letuce fight?  it not a pretty sight 
need a bed! <propfemale> or larger please  im willing to pick it up and pay 
what sickens me   i pay all the bills  but when i walk into my apatment i know its not mine  when i go to my own room i feel like im on enemy ground 
good  news of the day  my divorce charges were waved  i dont have to pay for my divorce 
i like my women like i like my coffee  ground up and in the frezzer    
lmao im 21 years old and still get giddy when i make a bowl of pops     
"girl, this nigga brought <propmale> too     "
soda is not good for you  you drink it and then you want more and more  the next thing you know your smoking 
if the day you came out of your mom is called your birthday then what do you call the day you went in?
holy shit! the puddles at my apt are frozen over!
<propfirst> has signed himself off the lease and out of my life  thankyou to all who firmly slaped me up side the head when i was about to give up 
"so its official, <propfemale> is taking her first vacation in two years  all next week  so hit me up if you wana <propfemale> out!"
just got a new tattoo  e playful ect pics whenever i stop being lazy and take one 
"strangest conversation i ever heard\1st dude-\ya know what its like when you take such a big shit that \", laugh bec0499938a6ae59f6d966695e343b,we have the rest of our lives to get it right 
my kindle came in! ekkkkkkkkkkkk!
oh my fucking god i can go on face book on my kindle  once again ekkkkk1
my kindle came in! ekkkkkkkkkkkk!
am i the only person alive who hates it when my mom tricks me into a phone conversation?
would any one like some sidedick? lage or small portion?
she's leaving and taking the mattress 
<propfemale>'s long ass rant of the day is actually going to make facebook  for the 1st time in one day  mind you in one hour i was hit on by three count em three fucking guys when i had my son in hand  what the fuck is that? one guy said he didn't mind the kid and that he liked a fucking challenge  i swear to fucking god if <propmale> wasn't with me heads would have rolled 
i bet ull never find a chiller gay like me 
"i just got the greatest news ever  we got a second opinion on <propmale>'s hearing  turns out he is partially deaf on both ears  they are trying to put tubes in by thursday  they also said by thursday night he should start hearing again, and within a week he could be talking  ekkkkkkk!"
"\ya ever had your ass hole licked by a fat man in a rain coat?\"""""
"i want sushi so bad that it hurts! gah! and i work till 8 smile 0 tonight! fuck my life \\you can reach me at 4805841367\ ---------------------------------------------\sent by a cricket mobile device\ ---------------------------------------------"
<propmale> just got his tubes  they said there was a lot of thick fluid but he should be fine and heading home in 20 <propfemale> 
its beyond amazing  he can actually hear me  i can sit next to him an talk and he isnt just looking everywhere in the room  he looks me in the eye  he is happy even thou i know he is sore  i am so happy i dont know what to do  thank you to everybody for your advice 
cruzing down the street in my 64 jocking the bitches n slapin the hoe's   
i love sushi so much that if i could impregnate it i would seriously consider eating its offspring    too far?
"i feel so bad i wanna go home but i can't afford it  i am now officially starting an \send <propfemale> home for the day to get better fund\"""""
got my flogging <propfemale> tickets today!!!!!!!!
who could find a better man who brings his girl ice cream in bed without her asking?
guess who has two thumbs is taking a bath and watching a movie? this gal! i fucking love wifi!
is it just me or did shutter island end on an very abrupt note?
<propfemale>! you dont have to sell your body to the night     
ive had my laptop a little over a month now and i just thought to look to see what games it has on it 
i feel like i don't do enough with my son <propmale> when i have him (monday thru monday every other week) any suggestions on what i can do with him that won't break my bank?
i'm so pooped i'm not sure ifi want to go to flogging <propfemale> tomorow     alas tomorow is another day 
my <propmale> <propfirst> is so <propfemale> that when he nuts in his girl she births full bottle of jameson 
im tierd and i wana go home  i really really really wanna go to bed! i had a little drink about an hour ago and it went strait to my heat          im tierd and i wanna go home  
my god <propfemale> the exsplorer is on netflix  <propmale> is layed out on my in a daze watching season one
another sunday morning with my baby 
i need a smoke! gah 
i miss how easy life used to be  ah to be codependent again  things were so much easier when i was under my dads roof  then again i hated my step family     cut faby and her kids out and i would love to go back to that for a month  lol  well probly not but its a nice thought 
"as some of you know i have a co-worker who shares the same name as me  she had the nerve to not only attempt correcting me on how to spell our name  but spell it wrong at the same time  its only four letters long, this happened 3 hours ago and i'm still dying laughing"
"a man walks into bathroom and grabs two asprin then walks up to his prudish wife  he shoves them into her mouth, she shouts \what did you just put in my mouth\""  he replies \""asprin\""  she yealls back \""i don't have a head ack\""  he then smiles and said \""that's all i needed to hear\"" """
"im am completely surprised, after marrying a mexican i still have perfect credit  im fucking baffled "
i personally believe that you learn something new every day till the day you die  i was blessed to learn two things tonight  one- never eat soup that you made on thursday and think it is still good tuesday  two- soup tastes the same coming back up as going down  gross 
who all is going to pride? i think i might only go on saturday  i'm hella broke!
"i just heard the worst thing ever  some mom was taking her kids to school and she told them both \to more is saturday you know and i could wake up extra early and leave you forever \"" her kids started crying so hard it was completely pathetic of her to manipulate them like that """
"do you ever catch yourself thinking stupid shit? like i was just thinking i can't handle a pet how could i watch it and feed it and keep it alive     i have a fucking kid,same fucking thing exsept no tags "
so my phone is on random and colt 45 comes on at 420     wierd shit right?
"after not watching tv for over a year i realized today why its been so long  waiting 7 minutes for the commercials to brain wash me into buying the new mcdonalds chicken sandwich, make my will online,alstate selling me life insurance,non drowsy alegra and stupid shows i will never care to see  tv i don't miss you at all "
"a lazy daze can be dangers for any girl who wears contacts, and a empty pack of smokes is dangers for her crew "
twilight zone hit netflix! yeah <propmale>!
you gotta love teleology  i just sent my grandmother and mother an ass load of pics of <propmale> threw walgreens com without even touching a stamp and get this for only $2 85 that included shipping and handling 
titanic two? what the fuck is this world coming to?
my mother just bet me 100 dollars that within 10 years we will be able to send pictures from one cell phone to the other  i didn't have the heart to tell her she is about 6 years behind the times 
who likes sandwiches? <propfemale> does!
don't agree to grow up because when u do your days off automatically become chore days    gah 
fact: milky ways were purly invented for women on their menstrual cycle 
"completely amazed at the fact that most of my friends that openly talk shit about myspace have been on in the last 30 days  i had a reason to find my <propmale> <propfemale> but fuck  really guys? stick with what you say and dont get sucked in for even a second to myspace, ooo mob wars  brb  lmao but for real quit it!"
