feefb32ba90b3e6112842f36179956b2
"wow, at a stoplight and a squirrel crosses the street on the crosswalk"
"wow, pirate english is so much better than us english   arrr,  this be pleasin' to me eyes"
has resorted to covering his mug with a napkin so the ceiling doesn't fall into it
ergh!  i spend like every day making sure it isn't a street sweeping day except the day they do street sweeping
has unfortunately had to revert back to english (us)   i don't think screenshots of facebook in english (pirate) would bold well in presentations
thanks for the birthday wishes!  i have been given the wonderful gift of all day meetings!
can't believe his own cousin would rather run around in circles in dalaran than to add me as a facebook friend
"my coworkers think i should watch office space, is that a good investment of my time?"
"apparently has a lot of spit  my mouth was just salivating eating some jalapeno chips, and out sprayed a whole bunch of saliva over my laptop keyboard   i wonder what it would think if it started short circuiting"
"what a stupid system, enter my license plate to pay a parking ticket, but only enter one number for each letter, no, i do not want to pay the ticket for the car 4vzs321 when my car is 4v playful 321 <><>"
wonders what the girl equivalent is to a whole bunch of guys talking about the ufc
totally looking forward to this service project: bottle feeding baby sea lions
"can't stand people who smoke in front of kids, especially their own "
random childhood memory: making jello out of minute maid orange juice from concentrate   the trigger: thinking about encasing my boss's stapler in jello
you can check out the game here: http annoyed  apps facebook com ticktockgame
???? ????? ??????
for the first time listened to all of verdi's requiem   what an amazing piece!
yay for no <propmale> strike!
"is back from blizzcon!  what a fun time, i'll post pictures later"
"today must be run over <propmale> day   1st crosswalk: 1st car stops for me but 2nd car is on her cellphone doesn't see pass the first one and slams on the break just barely in time   2nd crosswalk:  car turning right, only looks left, and sees me last minute and swerves around me   3rd crosswalk:  car runs red light, totally ignoring that people are crossing the street  despite that, i still j-walk the last crosswalk "
"don't you hate it when you go to drink water, and there's a huge fly drowning in your water? today is not my day   "
"i'll be in seattle for pax for the whole weekend, call me if you want to do something (monday will be my free-est day as pax doesn't go onto monday)"
really hates it when the bag of chips you buy from a vending machine is e playful ired   (the date was illegible from a bag wrinkle)
"finally watched dr horrible's singalong blog, wow!"
"why is it whenever i give plenty of my time to get to <propmale> the train is late, and the times i'm 1 minute late, the train is early   "
"to all those in favor of the dislike button:  do you really want people disliking everything you post?  i can understand a 'i feel sympathy' button or an 'i'm sorry' button, but how often do you comment, 'i hate the thing you posted and wish you didn't share that'   if people disliked things you posted, would that encourage you to post more things?"
"weird revelation i just had, lol, if you already didn't know, i don't know how to type, but what people associate with finger-pecking is looking for the keys, i have a variation of that, i exactly know where all the keys are, i just don't ever associate the same key to the same finger, so need to look at where my fingers are going, since i don't necessarily use the same fingers to type the same key "
"what game to play, what game to play?  so many good ones     how am i going to squeeze time to play these and finish my torchlight mod   "
i'm still amazed how beaujolais nouveau day came into existance   no complaints for more holidays at work 
"hmm, the problem with buying a 500 count daily multivitamins costco pack for just myself: they e playful ire before 500 days "
"to all of my everett seattle friends and family, i'll be home tomorrow until <propfirst> 3rd, hit me up!"
"i'm going to miss being able to see the mountains, back to sf tonight"
"if you have a huge gigantic umbrella, and are short, please don't stand in the middle of a sidewalk when hordes of people are walking to work   thanks "
really wishes there was a thought extraction device   takes too long to communicate all my ideas out on paper 
i enjoyed reading this line today: a statue of a bear in a city park is not better if it's so lifelike that it starts eating people
corn nuts breath x 1000 + cheap deodorant smell x 500 = agony x 5 ft^2 on <propmale>
"dreams are interesting   i was dreaming about a violinist, but when i heard her play something impossible on the violin, it turned into a synthesizer on the \strings\"" setting"""
"dang it, no, i do not want to see gold farmers advertising on my facebook <propfemale>   the joys of targeted advertising   "
"spontaneous sweating is an interesting feeling   especially when it turns out water is leaking from your glass on your desk, and dripping all over you in random places "
thank you for all the birthday wishes!
any utah peeps interested in joining me while i e playful lore <propfemale> square and slc between 1 surprise 0pm - 6 surprise 0pm saturday?
"i really hate how delayed trains are a double penalty when you transfer, yay for 30 minutes of wasted time"
