0b388a9a0d29020219ca9793787c079a
another day @ work    but its saturday  sad 
do not accept a friend request from <propfirst> butterfield  he is a hacker  tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address  so let everyone know- copy & paste!!!!!!
had a busy day    worked only for an hour  smile  but had to take hubby to the er and waitd for a couples of hours for him to get his head stapled   now finally home & resting!!
i sang to a banana in line at the bank  because thats how i roll!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
first day @ da gym  damn i'm gonna hurt tomorrow
so get dis a fren of ours jus got fired from fsp   u no da freeway ppl   anyways he got fired for going above & beyond by help people find a tow truck company 
it so needs to be friday!!!
you have to see this! a simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage! http annoyed  broughttoyou org failedcompetition
you have to see this! a simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage! http annoyed  broughttoyou org failedcompetition
"happy boy's days   have a good day, don't work too hard though i know some of u don't  playful "
ugh   is it monday already?!? damn dat was a short 3 day weekend tank goodness 2 day is only half day  playful 
wish dis day was over   better yet make it da whole week
not even an hour into work & i am so ready to go home
woohoo 1 day dwon 3 mo fo go!!!
hates doing evaluations   ugh can't the ppl in managment do this
day 2 almost done 2 hours & 50 minutes 2 go    does anyone have machine 2 speed up time? can i borrow!
day 3    i hope 2day goes by fast 
cud dis day b going any slower?
love wild wahine wednesday!!
y r ppl such ass-o? sum1 tried to charge over a thousand dollars on our visa on 1 transaction     there were 3 transactions in total!!!
enjoying the evening wit hubby an oldest child    eating taco <propfemale> & watching planes land & take off 
& family have 3 meetings 2day   1 down 2 to go
"ok 2 down 1 to go,den wut do i do wit da rest of my day?   i know sleep!!"
eclipse in imax is da shit   recommend u watch it that way
adababyitsaboy
woohoo   @ pcc jus had a crab dinner now bout 2 watch ha
highly recommends evry1 2 take a drive ova da mountain 2 go have dinner & c ha
kids these days don't realize the consequences of their actions or the friction it causes between families 
ok here we go 7th grade registration   damn feels weird to be back here
its official i'm finally feeling old   marc made 12 & da twins will be 7! y can't dey jus stay babies?
cruzin wit da grls from work & having a blast!!!
"ok its confirmed, weekends & sleeping in as we know it has come to an end   football & soccer here we go!!"
"got off 30m early, but paid 4 an 8hr day   now 2 mommy duties 2 take care of a sick child "
"to all the wonderful family and friends a girl could have, thank you for all the birthday wishes  from the bottom of my heart \i love you all\"""""
"never frown even <propfemale> u r sad,bcuz u <propfemale> no hu is falling in luv wit ur smile!!!"
uh games was awesome!!! 27-21
do we really need 2 have work on mondays?   can't dis jus be an xtra day off!!!
"2day is gonna b a hard day   but well worth it, watched as <propfemale> brought baby mayson in2 dis world!!! congrats 2 da new parents!!!"
so sad its halloween da kids r ready 2 go & all i want 2 do is go home & sleep
"wake up l8,traffic, & headache   so not a day 2 b @ work!!!"
today angelle scored a goal as a present for her daddy bday   how cute is dat! when she scored all the parents wished <propfirst> a happy bday   lol!
uh vs unlv   3rd quarter 6 mins left    on 7th unlv injury
"uh vs unlv    59 to 21, uh of course    injuries unlv 8- uh 1!!!"
uh vs unlv   3rd quarter 6 mins left    on 7th unlv injury
hate being sick   missing <propmale>'s football game  sad 
"can i go home    please,pretty please?!?"
"this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui, the one who does not copy   will be without money  i can't let that person be me!\ its worth a try!!"
wit da ohana gonna watch da shanghai circus 
up early and no work today!!! oh well time to start cleaning 
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have amazing children, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones who will!! think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting     i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends  just for an hour
