f1421b586ec0d3a1afe4f70c8ec552b2
sometimes goodbye is a second <propmale>
happy broke ass monday!
shopping    no juicy or diamonds today
in loving memory of the best chihuahua a little black dog and a 3-legged dog could make
is enjoying a glass of wine   actually just arbor mist
   i'm not ready to make nice   still mad as hell and i don't have time to go round and round and round   it's too late to make it right   
"the blacker the <propfirst>, the sweeter the juice   the darker the flesh, the deeper the roots   "
   i got this icebox where my heart used to be   
"tomorrow ain't promised today, so this right now is the good life  live it up, drink it down, and never have regrets because at one point what you did was exactly what you wanted!"
got the phone run over    again   
excited for dinner out tonight
decided to sleep out on the    balcony thing    in the lawn chair    aka my recliner   with loa on my chest   
going black diamonds tonight  
wsu by heart   hawaii by blood   
layin on the couch with chianti hovering over me with her chew toy   
slow down and love someone
new drink   on part alize one part <propfemale>
has to sleep on the right side   ugh i don't like it   
chicken jerky
why am i still awake
i love costco an their samples! an my trail mix
where are my keys
i wanna wake up with the rain fallin on a tin roof
<propfemale> secret in the morning
why the hell are there crumbs in my bed when i dont eat in bed  
i'm at <propfemale>'s concert   vip pass biatches
"you've left me now and it's seasoned my soul, and with every step you take i watch another part of you go  i continue to build a wall but you were so strong i fell to my knees  "
when i got home there was a frog sitting at the bottom of my stairs   could it be    <propmale> charming     lol smile 
i don't want to finish putting in my laminate floors    ugh        someone do it for me  lol smile 
i swear there is something in the alcohol at clubs that gets you tipsy faster than regular alcohol     and i smell <propfemale> syrup   but not the house
glad i didn't pay money to watch paranormal activity   
so i had a brow lift and lets just say this    it feels like the worst headache and migraine i've ever had put together    yeah that's pretty close    haha i'd laugh at the pain but that would move too many muscles in my face and cause more pain   
mmm coke
3 more weeks and i'm back in washington!
you thought i'd wait around forever   well baby get real    i'll just kick you to the curb in my red high heels
2 1 2 weeks and so much to do and so little time   
can i be in washington already? ugh        
i have to dye some paper   hmmm
2 more weeks y'all!
drinking soy milk in the kitchen without my alize because she ran to aunty <propfemale>    rude  
i'm so fricken cold right now   i think it's 68ish degrees    i'm gonna freeze in washington   ugh maybe i shouldn't go! just kidding y'all    i'm coming back in    math calculations      shoot i think it's 5 days   i don't know   
wonders what this denali cat does all day while she is alone    does she watch the fish? try to open the fridge to get processed meat to snack on? run up and down the stairs to burn a few extra pounds off? (which she totally doesn't need to do)   does she just pace slowly back and forth taking short breaks here and there? i just want to know    
wtf? <propfemale> murphy died?
"2 hours left of 2010  happy new year y'all  have fun, be safe!!!"
happy new year to the west coast to the east  hawaii    you still have 2 hours 
"aight happy new year to all y'all be safe! imma sleep, mamacita is tired!"
apparently i'm slow because i just got the black and yellow song  i still think it's a dumb song 
a little crown and coke to make me sleepy sleep 
today was a good day! finished most of the kitchen  finished the nasty hole in the wall  went to dinner with the bestie and hubby  and since shammy was over i didn't clean so i'm forced to rest and recharge  now this hefty pooch is sleeping on my stomach 
"i'm no longer able sleep so i went on craigslist  always good for a laugh    besides the usual nsa, all i see are a bunch of married for married  married, very discreet  married, seeking nsa  attached, looking for female friend  married looking for secret woman to unwrap tonight  married and looking  married, are you?\that's funny in a you're douche-lord kind of way "
i feel so sick right now  and i just chopped off my nail when i was cutting vegetables for soup  nail isnt a secret ingredient 
is it wrong to accept money from someone that thinks i'm hot?? cause i did   lmao
i still want some spaghetti smile 
the <propfemale> and the frog is just plain sad   why firefly? why?
i got a lovely back and foot massage   my back feels fabulous now   
oh my babies are so cute! reminds me of my alize   
i really should stop drinking beer  this gut is appearing and it's not hot  lol
to be or not 2 b? that is the question 
i  love  u chocolate 
how is 7eleven out of fricken lighters  and who took my damn lighter from my car?
i wish that i could b ur superman tonight    what?
"watching terms of endearment  i like old movies, get off it "
it's 3am and i'm still up  what's really going on?
got my back and hand massage  my right side is still jacked up  oh joy 
i love you 
this massage crap better b good  i'm losing my good mood right now 
i want to grow lemons  i heart them  not eating them just looking at them  who wants to come clean my apt?
y is mililani so cold?
tell me y my picture is on my debit card and i still get asked 'can i see a photo id?' and 'it doesn't look like u '
"\my senses are telling me it's suppose to be your house \""- <propfemale>"""
goodnight facebook  good morning to those awake 
ahhh 10 things i hate about you  reminds me of washington  wonder why?
"\have u always been this selfish? just because you're beautiful doesn't mean you can go around treating people like they don't matter \""       i like go paintball  and i miss seattle  ugh """
but mostly i hate the way i don't hate you  not even close  not even a little bit  not even at all 
"   from the very first time i rest my eyes on you, boy  my heart said follow through   "
"i love this crazy tragic sometimes almost magic, awful beautiful life "
"lets see, bubba gump    how lovely    macaroni grill    how divine- i love fettucini <propmale>    <propfemale> in wonderland 3d    it was all good   i was getting headache though"
listening to some tupac   gangsta lovin
i would trade give away all the words that i saved in my heart that i left unspoken   
ur everything i could live my life without 
"dear slow drivers, you irk me  happy new year"
"that day for no particular reason, i decided to go for alittle run "
what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?   
all my ladies say hey  hey  hey daddy    daddys home   home for me  cuz i know youve been waiting for this lovin all day  daddys home   smile 
"ur body is bangin baby, i love it when u flaunt it, time to give it to daddy, n**** now tell me how u want it    ahh tupac"
i tried to be good but then i got bored
"so afraid to love u, more afraid to lose  clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose  once there was a darkness a deep and endless night, u gave me everything u had, oh, u gave me light   "
aww my booboo is sick 
i hate how the hospital doesn't know shit  like uhhhhhh? blank stare    uhhhh? then they start asking u the same questions u just asked them  hawhat?
"dear boiling hot oil, u hurt me and i hate u  but thanks for frying the chicken "
drink water its good for you  
"or if ur me, drink martinis  lol  happy hour <propfemale> tais "
livin it up at the hotel california  u can check out anytime u like but can't never leave 
i would have given u all of my heart   
i love martinis 
waikiki spaghetti factory is sooo much nicer than tacomas  lol
rq:    please hold her and protect her til she's right back in my arms again  oh and tell her how i love her and i'll b waiting right here forever  amen    if u don't get this then i don't know what 
rq: i represent queens she was raised out in brooklyn   
bring back the days u used to love me  bring back the days i used to call u my own 
"and this just in: <propfemale> doesn't give 2 shits anymore  stick a fork in me, i'm done "
going zbar tonight    come join me    will be fun   
"rq: i never told you what i should have said  no, i never told you, i just held it in  and now i miss everything about you  i can't believe that i still want you, after all the things we've been through "
so i've been to <propfemale> <propfemale> bar  bubba gump  macoroni grill  island burgers  tsukiji  cali pizza kitchen  and <propfemale> tuesday  i think all ala moana needs is a movie theatre and a tattoo shop  then it would b complete  lol
so im bored  someone needs to hit me up to do something  hurry up  lol
i've decided to b beach bound  and i really want a ceasar salad  with chicken  hmm
oh shiit have to give up rice    for a week   u too <propfemale>  lol
i'm in love w the new 24 hour fitness in <propfemale> city 
ugh wtf am i doing?
love knows no logic
"hey, try shut up, k?!?"
"rq: tonight, out on the street, out in the moonlight  and damn it this feels too right  it's just like <propfemale> vu   me standing here with you  i'll be holding my own breath, could this be the end          this doesn't make any sense    to me"
"rq:      i hold u in my arms  yeah that's where it starts  i seek faith in ur kiss and comfort in ur heart    i lay my tongue upon ur scars, i look into ur eyes  and we stand worlds apart      "
i have an evil headache and i don't feel well  this is some kind of stupid 
oh yes 12 days and i'll b 21     again! lol
here is the deepest secret nobody knows (here is the root of the root and the <propmale> of the <propmale> and the sky of the sky of a tree called life; which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide) and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart i <propfemale> your heart(i <propfemale> it in my heart)
wtf is this  i don't feel good  this doesn't happen to me  i just get the cold w a cough and runny nose  not the irkitating 'i don't feel good bs' ugh go away u  go away 
they talk like all the tv shows i don't watch 
going gym 
lol smile 
"rq: i'd take another <propmale>, take a fall, take a shot for you  and i need you like a heart needs a beat  but it's nothin new i loved you with a fire red   now it's turning blue     "
trying to finish sherlock holmes for the third time 
eating pho 
status update: 1-4-3 lol smile 
im forever yours faithfully     
"rq: now everything is new to me   but it looks just right    whoa it's strange but it's beautiful   yet i know where i am    i've never been here before   i've never been loved like this   never been tumblin, stumblin over the words that get tangled inside me   i've never been moved this way, nobody's ever made me say         \\old one but i figure i'd give you an easy one     lol"
i realize i put a bunch of randomness as my status updates   most of the time lyrics from a song i'm listening to   or just completely random crap    but all of which are for my loyal and faithful fans!!! haha i am funny   
i think there's something wrong w this chicken outside  like it has tourettes of the beak    my niece says the cock-a-doo wants to go to the barn bc that's where all his friends are 
i almost told you that i loved you  lol that's funny
"rq: have u ever had to love someone that just don't feel the same?trying ro make someone care for u is like trying catch the rain      \\i'm not sure i remember who this is by "
if u don't love me someone else will
you don't look a day over fast cars and freedom       
"good things come to those that wait  not to those that wait too late        \\soooo i should buy  those shoes because by the time they go on sale they'll be no more   frowny "
i'm in like w the wait staff at bubba gump today  my regular  maybe this is y i tip so much  lol 
happy mothers day 
straight no chaser
rq: i'm gonna show u tonite i'm alright i'm just fine  and ur a tool so so what  i'm still a rockstar  got my rock moves  and i don't need u           i love pink 
"i'm crawling through the doggy door  my key don't fit my life no more  i'll change the drapes, i'll break the plates  i'll find a new place, burn this fucker down       "
<propfemale> montana is going to the movies tonite  to see iron man 2  well probably  lol
qed  quod erat demonstrandum  thus it is proved 
rq: i'm goin back home to the west coast    i wish u could fit into my suitcase 
"dear pain in my back, go away  i'm tired of being in pain  oh but party tomorrow "
"omg, i feel like shet   what the f? and then of course one of my closest friends is being all hermit crabby so blahh  lol     but yay for tattoos! i'm almost done w my calf  just needs color now!"
i'm learning to be brave in my beautiful mistakes
thank you to all you lovely and fabulous people that came out to dine with me last night    much aloha   
rq: protect the seed that wants to go to a garden  pardon the territory  i'd fight for you 
"who are the stars that lie to you? noone tells you that forever feels like home     \\sometimes lyrics make absolutely no sense to me at the moment of impact but other times perfect sense  not the case  lol"
"rq: i know you'll ask me to hold on  and <propfemale> on like nothings wrong  but there is no more time for lies  cause i see sunset in your eyes  i can't take it any longer  thought that we were stronger  all we do is linger  slipping through my fingers  i don't want to try now all that's lefts goodbye    \\well sort of   "
bbq w sistah <propfemale>  fun times  woot woot
"every time i eat, doesn't matter what it is i feel sick  i just ate chicken and chicken long rice  what the f?"
goodnight fb  happy hibernation to u all 
"rq: tonight baby you got me sad and blue   \\go <propfemale>  i know u got it "
i like this song  its catchy       can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars  i could really use a wish right now 
fml    fml       fml            
i feel like curling up in a ball  i don't know what the hell to do  or better what to do first  and i wish i had a home to go back home to  blah 
thunder only happens when it's raining  players only love u when they're playing     
i think to clarify- my issues would have to do w  my lack of ability to do things logically  and then it screwed me  everything all at once  blah  but i just felt like a cat  how they'll stretch all the way out then curl up in a ball and take a nappy nap 
ooooooooohhhhhhhhh and this just in  i have to do laundry  clean  deal w my uncle and tutus situations  deal w money  pay <propmale>s  find a <propmale>  turn some crap off  talk to a few important ppl about some stuff  change owners  take a shower  pay a ticket  find a ticket for my sibling  write a letter to the government  ugh 
"i love stress  it's fabulous  (complete and utter sarcasm) it keeps me up at night  makes me not want to eat  which i still do out of habit  lol  makes me irritably more irritable  and short tempered  i feel like shooting off a shotgun  where's that water i asked myself for an hour ago? haha  so what, i'm still a rockstar     right? what else could i b  besides fabulous, awesome, amazing, aerodynamic    "
happy thirsty thursday!
"this just in  i'm leaving the state of hawaii for awhile  going back home to washington for a vacation, family time, and clear my head   "
rq: and i realize that everything i ever need is in your eyes  
oh haha jk jk  i come in at 1020pm tomorrow night  so when u feel that rush of awesome that's just me landing down on washington soil  hahaha  despite my humor i'm not all that excited  hmmm
i just had a thought that the stupid blanket w sleeves would come in handy while i'm outside having a beer
"for u i gave my heart and turned my back against the world    i can't deny how much i love you  i done give up everything i had to  as hard as it is i'm afraid i gotta say, i'm ready to sign them papers "
sitting at the airport eating my food my favorite non related grandmother made me  i'm stealing her and calling her my own 
ohhhh homeward bound always gets to me when shadow falls in the hole and says to <propmale> 'you've already learned everything u need to know  all u need to learn now is how to say goodbye ' oh shadow  and fricken shady is sleeping on the floor snoring  crazy dog 
"so besides the fact that it's only 11 to me, i can't fall  asleep on my right side  or on the right side of the bed when someone else is sleeping w me  ugh "
playing badmitten with the boys  and me and the sibling won  ha ha ha
i'm freezing  i'm wearing sweats and 3 shirts and im fricken freezing 
"rq: even though the moment passed me by, i still can't turn away    the reruns all become our history  a tired song keeps playing on a tired radio     \\one of my favorite songs  and kilikina best know this bc i played it on ur computer like 100 times "
your ridiculous little opinion has been noted 
peoples ignorance about dogs and pitbulls in general irritate me 
who was to know that love that is lost cannot be let go 
"rq: i'm <propmale> from where u r and i lay u down on the cold ground and i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in ur warm arms \\to where this is the song from the dear <propfirst> trailer that i like  muhahahaha"
"i remember that time u told me, u said, \love is touching souls \"" surely you've touched mine cause part of u pours out of me in these lines from time to time  you're in my blood like holy wine """
aww the shade- meister just got a bath  that's what happens when u lay in the firepit 
so far i don't miss hawaii  i do miss my people but the state itself    not so much  i do miss people enjoying my tattoo as much as i do tho  lol
"aww yes, a lovely run to start the day   "
<propfemale> garden  love it 
i hate my sisters boyfriend  same shit 2 years later 
watching old school disney movies w the kids 
as i'm watching snow white on vhs i think i miss childhood  when things were slower  lol  cartoons were better and things were less complicated 
hello facebook  going to the park today to picnic w the fam 
rq: oh half of my heart's got a grip on the situation    half of my heart's got a right mind to tell you   that i can't keep loving you   
"rq: when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of   you might bend till you break cause it's all you can take   on your knees you look up   decide you've had enough   you get mad, you get strong   wipe your hands, shake it off   then you stand   "
goodnight facebook    goodnight yucky tasting wine in the fridge
"rq: now i have no one to argue with   cause i'm not home   don't care who you're with   don't call my phone   or did you forget   you know you're wrong   i'm gone and you're all alone   hearing your own damn echo    \this song makes me lol   "
watching avatar 
gave up on avatar to sit in the sauna   freezing again 
tell me y i'm up at 3 in the morning wide awake watching finding nemo 
"you've got some serious thrill issues, dude "
sun finally came out  hello sun!
"rq: and i’m surrounded by  a million people i\still feel alone  oh, let me go home  i miss you, you know   \\kilikina, u like make me a copy of his cd "
tell me why i've only been in washington for 9 days but it feels hella longer than that?????
"babysitting my sisters kids, doing some laundry, dishes, and cleaning  yay!"
y do u always want what u can't have?
"rq: tell me now, baby, is he good to you, can he do to you the things that i do?     sometimes it's like someone took a knife, baby, edgy and dull and cut a 6 inch valley through the middle of my soul      \\gotta love the boss"
just ate cereal w a spoon for the first time in awhile
oh i love my life  i'm actually happy for more than a moment  it's nice! lol
haha im always amused when some random guy will come up to me and comment on my tats then say i think you're beautiful  whatever i know i am  lol  oh and crazy!!!!
hello lovely people! hope everyone is having a fabulous day!
i am legend is a depressing movie 
rq: cats away well the mice will play   lol   smiley face   have a nice day!    
"<propfirst> ur funny for telling me this  \a man should b lucky enough to have a woman like u and say that was the highlight in his life    i'm lucky to have such a sexy mama like u!\""  y did i leave hawaii?!? lol"""
good morning facebook!! today is a rainy foggy day in the great state of washington   i think i might go on a walk down to the golf course    either way happy sunday all!!
you tell me i'm an arrogant son of a bitch and i tell u when ur being a pain in the ass  which u are 99% of the time  i'm not afraid to hurt ur feelings  u have like a 2 sec rebound rate then ur back doing the next pain in the ass thing   
so today was a lovely day but my back hurts when i do the inhale exhale thing    which seems to be necessary so maybe the pain could go away    i'm also stressing about a few things   
so i was taking a walk and stubbled across a little big tree  (i named him <propmale>) he's pretty  has dark green fluff close to the trunk and light green tips  very close to my cactus 'steve' in hawaii 
rq: don't be someone elses slogan because ur poetry
that's your weird indulgence?- <propfirst>
ugh walking the golf course  y?
um so this black and white cat is stalking me  i'm going home from my walk an this cat out of no where started following me  scary!  lol
tell me why the song '<propfemale>' is stuck in my head????  'and now all you're hearing is your own damn e-e-<propfemale>   '
rq: and your words couldn't hide the scent   cause the truth about where you been   is in a fragrance i can't recognize   
omg  i'm out with drunk mother fuckers  wtf is going on 
good afternoon facebook!
"spending the night at my sisters  blah <propfirst> is an ickday  words don't describe the 'dislike' i have for him    sidenote- shady snores loudly  crazy dog  i'm watching <propfemale> the pooh on vhs  again, one of my old videos from childhood  i  love  tigger!"
nighty night time for <propfemale> montana to go to bed 
"rq: couldn't get it right on yesterday  so kiss our tomorrows goodbye   now i'm crying like a baby  girl, your love is like my blanket, don't know what to do without it "
"rq: you were like my lover and my best friend  all wrapped into one, with a ribbon on it    don't even recognize the ways you hit me, do you?    you'll do anything for the one you love  'cause anytime that you needed me, i'd be there  it's like you were my favorite drug  the only problem is that you was using me  in a different way than i was using you   "
enjoying a glass of arbor mist   oooohh so classy
why is the song yesterday by <propfemale> braxton stuck in my head   i guess it's better than 143 which was in my head earlier    along wth <propfemale> spears    lol
good morning to you  good morning to you good morning all my beautiful and amazingly awesome people on facebook  good morning to you 
you can be anywhere when your life begins  when the future opens up infront of you  and you may not even realize it at first but it's already happening 
goodnight facebook  i really can't wait to go back home to hawaii 
goodmorning facebook  went to sleep 330   been up since 7ish  why? well long day  gotta get ready for tomorrow  fun times smile 
what a lovely day in washington  about 70ish degrees  so im taking a break to lay out on the hammock 
at the movies watching get him to the greek 
watching overboard  while enjoying blue <propfemale> and a bagel 
goodnight facebook  happy dreams!
"baking, cooking, preparing food w the sibling for kalanis birthday party  decorating and cleaning  and dealing w the puraw  oh and facebooking  multitasking it today! lol smile "
y would u take ur car to a mechanic who's never owned a vehicle  - that's what she said
rq: say i love you without a sound   
scorpian <propmale>     love it! love the rock   
rq: you know that i love you so  i love you enough to let you go 
having a picnic with the kids at the zoo!
just walked all 3+ <propmale> of the golf course  i'm happy now 
yeah so tell me how i managed to get a sun burn in washington but don't in hawaii? what?!??!
"rq: i know i would apologize if i could see your eyes   cause when you showed me myself, you know i became someone else   but i was caught in between all you wished for and all you need          "
"rq: i know your game, i'm not feeling what you do   so i'm bouncing   and i'm out, son   i gotta leave you alone  "
eating mexican
loving the thought of sleep in a <propmale> size bed    1 wittle dachshund is sleeping with me too  
eating pho  mmm tasty!
at the bowling alley  wtf
at the bar watching the game! lakers all the way!
i thought i was going to sleep early    it's 1am    next thing it will be 3am and i'll be like oh time for sleep   boo
"random thought    as i was laying in bed i stretched out thinking it's lovely sleeping in a large bed where you can stretch out and not be like oh edge, or person, or dog, etc   why can this be my bed   hmmm i wonder if i can bring this on the plane     which by the way i really don't feel like going back to hawaii anytime soon   "
beautiful day at the beach   smile 
at breakfast w <propfemale> and <propmale> 
so i have a problem and someone should lend me some advice  or opinions       aaaannnnd go!
happy fathers day to all the dads!
"rq: my eyes r open wide  by the way, i made it through the day    i've done the best i can to make them realize this is my life  i hope they understand    sometimes goodbye is a second <propmale>         at life  ahahahaha "
so i've discovered that the scab  whatever i've been picking at on my scar is actually a stitch  can't pull it out  and i am not cutting it out  soooooo yeah  hmm
i heart indian food 
finally i waved to a random person and they waved back! that makes me so happy 
ugh  my back is trying to kill me  boooo  lol
rq: when i'm hurtin baby i ain't happy baby  plus there's so many other things i gotta deal with   
"oh my goodness oh my gosh, mamacita is really warm right now  still on hawaii time but acclimated to wa weather  lol"
first time ever i've gotten 'your tats r hella fly  ' lol 
"rq: now i'm feeling like i should  never knew single could feel this good   \\ps lovely day in washington  taking a walk down around the golf course in a bit "
walkin the golf course bc i'm a rockstar  lol  oh right w the little dog named izzie  she's an attention whore i've discovered 
"\ever love someone and you don't know why? yeah that's how i feel about you  \"" lmfao"""
so i decided i would take the little dog for a walk   which turned into oh what the hell might as well make it 6 <propmale>   blah   and the little dog kept up   
"i'm always irked at movies where a person on foot is being chased by a car and they run in the same direction the car is going  does logic not tell u, hey dumbass the car is faster than me maybe i should run opposite direction to the car to gain some time? \\sidenote: i spent almost 4 hours on the phone w a friend i haven't talked to in like a year      that makes me happy smile "
painting a plate for the sibling  almost done 
so the dog needed a bath but so did aunty and i didn't have much time  so we both shampooed and rinsed at the same time 
i run la  lol
at the taste w the sibling and the lovely jennings siblings 
thought i would walk the golf course twice and home   ugh 8 <propmale> later my feet hurt   but a lovely tan happened    smile 
"haha i went to change and fms i have a tank top tan  \\rq: burmudas flip flops and a tank top tan "
at the casino and the club upstairs just played i'm in miami trick  lol
eating at the buffet in the casino and oh look a table away is mc hammer  lol that's hella funny 
rq: i love love   i look good in love    all dressed up in love  
rq: u taste just like glitter mixed w rock and roll 
"rq: but i just want to say, that all this nothing has meant more to me than so many somethings  so thanks "
watching you've got mail  love it 
first day of school  i remember those drabby crabby days  lol
aunty is tired  and my 4 yr old niece can ride a bike better than i can  what the heck ?
goodnight people  first time i went to sleep before 12 in a long time  gotta wake up early tomorrow 
i love you right up to the <propfemale>- and back 
there is something about swinging that makes me happy  even w my bum knee 
worked out  lifted weights  tanned  went in the pool   then the jacuzzi  my knee is almost back in working condition   smile 
i don't want to be a playa no more 
waiting for eclipse to start  oh nay i'm one of those people 
do u always speak in bumper sticker 
"dear alcohol, \i'm tired of u  u make me sick, give me headaches, and cause me emotional pain  goodbye!\sincerely,\me"
and this just in my throat feels like im swallowing a porcupine  fml
ahhhhhh this throat thing   its bogus    ugh    someone bring me soup    or cough drops    or <propfemale>   
"if i wasn't so happy i'd say something like, 'bacon isn't love'"
"i just want to lay in bed, curl up in a ball, and sleep   i strongly dislike being sick     \\p s  what could be more tacky than an amusement park?- geof~ ace of cakes"
change of plans kids    i'm not quite coming going back to hawaii when i thought   little bit longer
"so we're eating supper and <propfemale> says to <propfirst>, \daddy     catfish!!!!\"""""
the wizzard of oz on vhs with the niece and shady  good times  nice way to end a lovely day 
happy 4th of july! and happy birthday to my beautiful sister <propfirst> 
lovely fireworks everyone  <propfirst> told shady to go protect the baby  she ran over and sat at my feet  aww i love this dog  happy fourth  be safe!
why is it close to 5am and i'm still awake 
still sick but went and moved my stuff from my friends garage to my sisters   backed a trailer up for the first time   i've driven a uhaul with a car trailer but never attempted to back one up    mission accomplished   then had to move the trailer by hand oooh fun   not smile  my hands are feeling that one    picked some strawberries   then home to shower     feels nice to be clean    the sneezing hasn't stopped!!!!!
rq: your new beginning was the perfect ending   but i keep feeling we've already been here before    
sometimes not feeling is the only way to survive 
is it just me or does the shake weight commercial look wrong 
suppose to b 90 degrees? idk if it is but i'm walking the golf course today and working on my tan   smile 
anybody ever tell u u look like a striked match?
when ur in a relationship w an awful person i like to call that a relationshit  - <propmale> cook
i love <propmale> and <propfirst>   even though they never speak   
ugh this week has been a lot of lifting heavy junk   random acts of 'i think i'll workouts' getting ready for this weekends garage sale and getting tanning time in   at which i realized how <propfemale> i was before   who comes to washington from hawaii to tan???
its getting light out and i still havent gone to sleep yet    also this just in    my phone decided to be a b word and right as i was getting a call from the one person i wanted to talk to it decided to stop working   as in wont do anything   awesome    more money going into things i dont want to spend money on    yay   
i hate iphones and at&t  scratch that modern technology sounds great and grand till it malfunctions and u have to fix it  yot 
u know u looking at a winner! lol  for a brief moment i lml!
my body is sore but it's been a good day smile  can someone massage my feet?!?  i'll love u forever smile 
"hey lovely washington facebookers! my sister and i are having a garage sale today until 1pm and tomorrow til 3  stop by, browse, buy, chat  or get random treasures from the free box smile  in lakewood by steilacoom park!"
it was really nice to see everyone today  sad the way we were brought together but it was great to catch up w people i haven't talked to in years 
last day of this garage sale  prayin today goes as well as yesterday  just want this stuff gone- dont want to pack it up again smile  have a wonderful day everyone
"sometimes the best things in life, are the one we take for granted  enjoy life, appreciate everything, tell the ones you love how you feel, take chances "
going on my evening stroll  hmm it's a wee bit nippy 
"so my niece is sitting on my lap and looking at my pic on facebook and says, 'aunty, you look so pretty   \ awww what a good niece i have  """
do i have to go back home to hawaii?
rq: if i could escape and recreate a place that's my own world   
"rq: now you say you want me   make up your mind cause i'm not gonna be here for long       \i really didn't know the name of this song was twisted"
"rq: i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine    finally doing me and it feels so right      "
having dinner w the sister and aunty <propfemale> 
i'm starting w the man in the mirror  i'm asking him to change his ways 
alrighty then people  the time has come to say so long to washington and 'sup to hawaii  ugh  it was great seeing old friends and family  sorry if we didn't get to catch up or say farewell  but see y'all again in a few months! me ke aloha smile 
back home to hawaii  fun times smile 
forgot how hot it is in hawaii  not a fan 
oh nay  watching the husband w cheer practice 
8675309
uncle palors kitten is funny    after play time biting and wrestling with my hand and arm he went to sleep on my neck   then fell off catching himself with his claws in my neck     he's a funny one
rq: remember the time when we had nothing and all we had to share was one bag of noodles  we were just fine the way we were  ain't nothin in the world could ever elude us  now i see the stress in your eyes and it hurts my heart to see my baby cry  makin you happy is my <propfemale> and all i want is for you to be fine     
"today is the 4th anniversary that my mom lost her battle to cancer  \i will always love you til forever comes    until we meet again  until then, goodbye "
it's on smile 
cause i'm the bomb like tick tick 
tell me why i don't remember last night at all
the sound of the ocean soothes my restless soul 
i don't think u know how much u really love something until u have to give it up- one tree hill
rq: you got his heart and my heart with none of the pain    what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you      
should i give up or should i just keep chasing pavement?
"rq: you called my strong, you called me weak but still your secrets i will keep  you took for granted all the times i never let you down   "
cosmo is busy grooming   then he moved on to my arm   followed by nap time on it   so i'm thinking he thinks i'm dirty and won't lay on me til he 'cleans' me   
rq: there’s a time for love and a time for living   you take a <propmale> and face the wind 
why is it when u add something to a meal it costs more money but when u get something 'without___' u don't get money back? just saying 
rq sad ats away well the mice will play   lol smiley face have a nice day  
wish cosmo would go nighty night    hes irking right now busy being a crazy kitten   
sitting in the lexas today to start it and get some air  i might hate it for various reasons but when it starts up and makes the 'my mufflers are oversized and make too much noise' sound and the bass makes u literally feel the music    i miss driving it 
ever feel as though no matter what you do it's never good enough? yeah basically 
an i was like    sometimes when i'm sad i cut myself    another piece of cheesecake   lmao
rq: tell them all i know now  shout it from the roof tops  write it on the skyline  all we had is gone now  tell them i was happy   
going to the beach looking like a hot mess 
so there was a father and daughter at the beach that for a split second made me want kids  then i laughed 
"i would do anything for love but i won't do that  \1- wtf won't u do if you'd do anything  \2- kinda stupid ah?"
cosmo likes gogurt    this cat is not normal
i was watching the holiday for like the 100th time last night and realized i'm like <propfemale>   fml    lol
new bad girls club 
"'all i saw when i looked up was dollar bills  i felt so at home '\-<propfemale>"
four hours sleep and am now tweaking on farmville    wth???  top of the morning to ya  
rq: i'm here for the party and i ain't leavin til they throw me out     
"crown <propmale> taste like cockroach  \-<propfemale> "
and so it begins   
you can lead a horse to water but a pencil must be led 
why is it always hot as hell in waipahu?
another day another green bottle  ugh and then food consumption must take place and there goes the buzz  then i hear amusing songs like riding solo  oh hot damn that's my jam! lmao  no wait i guess it's not  i'm never ridin solo  got my home girls standing to my left and my right  true blue and tight like glue  i'm just living single! lmao! goodnight y'all!
silence    i kill you 
"rq: i'm done with this feeling like an idot  loving you, i'm over it   "
boots with the fur   
"so ppl will leave their car windows open small kine on hot days in the mainland  its hot all damn year here and ppl don't do dat kine stuff  just makes it easier for crazies to <propfirst> it   try steal my shit, i will snatch a bitch "
rq: falling for betrayal is worse    
swinging on swings in the dark while security plays gymnastics  oh nay 
midnight bowling  what's really going on?
all the cups in this house stay hiding  so i'm using a bowl to drink my water  feel like one dog  lol
i fuckin love <propfemale> and <propfemale> so much cuz they're like so fucking  beautiful and awesome!!!! they're like my idols   i wish i could be like them        
happy birthday to my ex-son!!!
i love you guys so much           
patron tequilla drunk off <propfemale>    everybody shots shots shots shots    and come to aiea hts  bitches cuz we goin get fuck up tonite and if you're lucky you might even see my naked body
i'm soooooo horny right now''! lookin for a good time
thank you mariposa for writing any kine as my status   that's great   lol   sky is falling down    lmao  
this is now hannah sierra kaleikilo updating you on her facebook   anything previous can't be taken to the heart because it wasn't me   k thanks    lol
chillaxxxxxin at bellow beach wid da fam!!!!! i love my awesome life! jealous much?!
rq got a couple bottles but a couple ain't enough  bottoms up bottoms up!
time to move out of mililani and to ypahu    ugh  
i'm half naked it's so hot    whats the point of a fan?
and so i'm about to go mililani and move shit  not a fan  this is my workout for the day 
toot it and boot it  this song really is stupid but yet it's been stuck in my head all day 
i hate moving  especially when it's from a condo w 2 bedrooms living rm dining rm to a bedroom  who wants furniture 
day two complete  i would love a full body massage  think i'll get one when i'm all done  and a pedi because my feet are looking nast 
thanks for the joy that you've given me 
another day at ala moana  another happy hour spent at <propfemale> tais 
"beer is like liquid bread \- random guy next to me "
"cleaning day in mililani and let's just say i'd rather b getting my side tattooed again  \my luggage rusted shut and since i took my knives already, i had to mcgyver it w a broken plate  maybe that's not mcgyver bc he always had his swiss army knife  fail   "
time for the beach  ko'olina to watch the hubby practice 
ala moana  sibling has to buy touristy things before she leaves sat   sad 
so i discovered this morning that i managed to get a sports bra tan line    burn line just from running back and forth from the apt to the truck yesterday    so irks  
going kahuku for shrimp with the fam bam   
 smile 
maybe i'll go w my sister back home  tickets r cheap 
annnnnndddd <propfemale> is singing shaggy- 'it wasn't me' karaoke  u better work! lol
i wish the sister didn't have to go home so soon   frowny  i'm kinda sad now
now u say u want me  make up ur mind cause i'm not gonna b here for long 
it's never too early and it's never too late  -cyryna
rq: god help u if u r an ugly girl  course too pretty is also ur doom cuz everyone harbors a secret hatred for the prettiest girl in the room 
so this is what i hear from the samoan bouncer  'you're a down ass chick' followed by a head tilt and a 'you got a fat ass!'    if i had a dollar    lmao
its so hot   dislike   dislike   dislike    i forgot i owned scrubs   why? no one knows but i'm wearing my wsu ones    hahaha   ha
happy as a clam   i don't think i'd be happy as a clam   clams get eaten  
"so it's final, i'm selling the lexus    i'll miss it and all the perks   but i'm tired of taking care of a 'luxury' vehicle   lol    i'm tired of the leather and lace    i want something i can play in and not have to worry i'm gonna scratch it or bottom out   ugh   suv, truck, or jeep    then i'll be happy as a toxin filled clam    lmao"
aw the dark knight     want to see a magic trick    i can make this pencil disappear    lol
"y don't we go out anymore? oh right because underage, no <propfemale>, work, significant other     blah   "
i discovered at the gym old woman talk about their hubbies and fam  old men do talk about the weather and how much things have changed  lol
what u gonna do with all that ass  all that ass inside them jeans?   what u gonna do w all that junk  all that junk inside that trunk?
dis piercing is irking  it's awkward and hard to get used to  like when i got my tongue pierced 
"'i'm sleep  i been sleep  shut the f up when brandis sleep'\- <propfemale> bad girls club\\yeah whatever that means  lol"
time to munch  annnnnndddd rehydrate  cactus is dry  oh and i have to do some cleaning  so over it 
and my energy level just went down the drain   fuuuuccckk  tab $130  plus $10 tip  plus $40 cover  oh it hurts  this kids is why we don't go out party and drink all night  lol 
what u think this is burger <propmale>? u can't have it way 
posted up at aunty bebots house  munching on filipino food  i'm pretty sure i'm becoming filipino 
why do i always turn away things i want when i can have it  but later mope around because i  passed up the opportunity  kinda stupid 
i miss my mommy  and it's killing me softly today 
i'm beginning to think everyone is on to something when they call me bagtit    crazy    i think it might be an understatement though  lmao 
about to go run   i feel the fat accumulating    lol  
watching bad <propfemale>  lmao
ok so now that i told the important ppl here  i'm leaving hawaii oct 14th  don't miss me too much 
rq: she's there thick and thin  she's there rain or fall  she's there whether i lose or win  whether i rise or fall     well duh bc i'm the shit  lol
evening stroll w the girls  ready for someone to draw me my bath  drink a lovely cup of tea in my chair  then sleepy time!
trying for teach dis kid how to write her name  apo i need a drink  lol
<propfemale> día a la vez
what's going on with this game?
so this chick in target chases me' down  literally  to ask can i look at ur tattoo  i of course don't turn down fans   10 dollars  lol
yard work in the rain  love it   smile 
"<propfemale> erra needs some new heels  i'm thinking red  hmmm? if only i wore a \normal\"" shoe size  blah """
so i just walked through costco eating samples  dinner check  lol
happy birthday to a great (old) guy! lol  smile 
yesterday while doing yard work i ran my own foot over w the trash bin digging my toe ring into my toe  oh yes! bandaids don't go well w a french tip and heels  blah!
ugh my body hurts  and my back is getting worse 
so my back hurts when i stand  i had ice cream for breakfast  lol  and now i'm playing cards  wth 
"can someone please e playful lain to me why i was asked if i had a significant other? y'all need to get ur shit straight  <propfemale> erra is single  ridin solo  and no, i'm not taking applications  kthanks   smile "
can i mud wrestle? is that filtered dirt because little pieces of gravel on my skin doesn't seem pleasant  jello just seems sticky and i'm not a fan of sticky or jello  but the bottoms r gonna b like booty shorts cuz i no like my bootay hangin out  lmao
rq: it's 403 and i can't sleep without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea 
i have a headache  it's 4am  i'm tired yet can't sleep  blah 
just saw my future husband  he doesn't know it bc we only met once  lol
tattoos are hot  i'm not the biggest fan of ones on the face but to each their own  i like being able to feel them though that usually means the skin was overworked  and i always love compliments on them  lol
time to go out and be a crazy bitch 
so a shout out to my gay husband and also to all of my gay boys  i love you bitches  thank you for filling my life with joy and entertainment 
"\sure sure im so like um sure      what were we talking about oh my god i just swallowed my altoid\""\",f1421b586ec0d3a1afe4f70c8ec552b2,"rq: girl, when are you gonna realize when you needed answers all you had to do was take a look in my eyes "
"<propfemale> (my favorite niece) said she wants to be like me because she loves the \stuff\"" on my legs 'it's so pretty i want to b like aunty'"""
rq: i never should have walked away after all the things we've been through 
i bought a pack of okesmay today  if u know me u know i only buy a pack when i'm irked or stressed  today it was one of those i leave in 3 weeks idgaf anymore  my decisions  are much easier    maybe i'm thinking clearer now that i drink only on the weekends  lmao  can i get a jersey fist pump?!?
taking miss <propfemale> on a walk
aww stupid boy  i miss you  can you come back?!? not like we are fb friends for you to see this 
hawhat!?! it's almost 1am  gots to be sleeping yeah?!? have to wake up in 4 hours  what's the point in going to sleep? night y'all!
in the cafeteria w <propfemale>   i don't even remember the last time i was in a cafeteria  lol
"rq: now people screaming what's the deal w u and so and so i tell em niggas mind their business but they don't hear me though  cause i live my life to the limit and i love it  now i can breathe again  baby, now i can breathe again "
i tried running w this puppy dog  yeah it lasted like 5 mins before she sat and was like nay nay  that's what happens w a dog that's not even a foot off the ground  ugh i need a real dog 
this waking up early thing makes being a night owl difficult  lol 
two more hawaii warrior clothing items and the whole fam bam matches  lol  all started w a cheerleading outfit for the niece 
lovely evening  thanks to everyone who put up w my drunk ass  happy birthday to my boo leighla kalahiki  love you lots booboo 
kbay is fuckin hot  i'm not trying to have a tank top tan 
oh nay  i have double tan  bathing suit and tank top tan  tomorrow i'm going naked  damn it
rq: the spell has been broken  i loved you so  freedom comes when you learn to let got  creation comes when you learn to say no  there's no greater power than the power of goodbye 
kbay air show w the fam bam bitches  don't be j  lmao
i'm sitting in traffic that's not moving but i'm quite content today!
ugh choosing to go run instead of going aunties house and stuff my face  love it!
"home  showered the days filth away  but tell me why my dog is barking her ass off and when i go outside to tell her shut up, she's sitting there staring out at nothing,  cowering, whimpering, and barking "
rq: i'm chuckin my deuces up    so i flip that middle finger and the index finger follow   
watching the grudge 2  is it suppose to be funny?
morning people  using the e playful ress <propfirst> today  does a carseat count as a third person? no time for traffic when only get 30 mins to get to palolo  lol
i'm look like a hot mess right now  but only going to drop off a child at school and <propmale> q  who really needs to look good for those places  lmao 
rq: we freakin' this ain't cheatin as long as we tell nobody     so i creep    lmao
zoo ala moana and da beach  lovely day 
is it the weekend yet? i want a beer  ugh    bad girls club tonight  nay  but i have to go pick up mommy palor  oh well 
is you serious?!?  lmao
rq: and baby when i know you're only sorry you got caught    
sleep time  night night y'all 
"hello facebook    now that i've been up for a few hours   and it's starting to get hot, i feel this urge to clean my room    which in about an hour will be a sauna    no need go gym   if only i could be tanning at the same time     lol"
the butch <propfemale> doing jolly rancer samples threw it at me  when i said i no like dat one she gave me attitude and threw the other one at me   oh hell give me high blood 
ugh i should be a taxi driver  lol  but then i have to deal w dumb people that don't know where they are going  ugh  no time 
it's kinda damp outside  glad i did my half ass run already today  lol
had a stupendous day! lol smile 
rq: i wish i could still call you a friend    i'll keep you locked in my head until we meet again   
so i was eating sky flakes bc they're the shit and apparently these birds can read bc they all came flapping over lookin ridiculous w their messed up tail feathers  so i shared  and one was a greedy bitch and took it out of my hand 
happy october 1st  breast cancer awareness month- save the ta-tas!! miss you mommy 
qt w leighla in dis fricken rain and traffic  blah
ooooo fuckin rah is all i gotta say!
so while they play fishermen i'm taking a walk bc i feel fat  lol 
rq: i know i'm gonna have to eventually give you away 
i love my life   
ukininam here goes da night w mr <propfirst> daniels  fml 
rq: toot it and boot it    story of my life  but the dj got us fallin in love again  lmfao
"dear <propfirst> daniels,\i hate you  \sincerely, me"
rq: automatic supersonic hypnotic funky fresh 
rq: i tried to get my usher on but i can't let it burn 
oh gosh  dis bitch    you fuckin up 
rq: just don't know what to do with myself  so used to doing everything for you 
y is this russian song stuck in my head?!?
"rq: the shoes on my feet   i bought it   the clothes i'm wearing   i bought it   the rock i'm rockin'   i bought it   'cause i depend on me   if i wanted the watch you're wearin'   i'd buy it   \only ring your cell-y when i'm feelin lonely\when it's all over please get up and leave     lol"
"this dog is so spoiled  she's picky, only likes certain food  doesn't like cow  likes chicken  but u can't just throw out a chunk  u have to sit there and break it into little nibbly bits and feed it to her  oh nay!"
wtf  i'm eating burger <propmale> and i hate greasy fast food  i'm gonna need to get off my ass and take the pooch for a walk 
"tell me why when i put my water or tea in the fridge it always disappears  if it's like family size, whatever  but already opened waiting for me to come back, really?"
i just realized i leave next week  oh nay 
paranormal activity is so dumb 
traffic is so amazingly awesome  blah not   smile 
"oh boys in uniform, how i love thee    unless you're arresting me then i hate you  lol"
"\a real bad girl throws bleach\"" lmfao"""
going fishing  well they're going fishing  i'm just going just because 
"rq: you were adopted, your parents don't even love you     hahahahaha love <propmale> <propmale> "
hmm breakfast of champions- chicken <propmale> and a white peach  lmao  who does that 
my sister and i are looking at halloween costumes  she says to me i can be the pimp an you can be the ho  oh dis bitch 
y is waipahu so hot all the time  ugh 
at the movie w the husbands 
these drs at pali momi are pissing me off  and this med student is about two questions away from me knocking her out 
"ahahahahahahaha bitch, i got you "
"booboo still in the hospital  i have hunger but feel bad eating since she can't  ho nay, big girl has got to eat  lmao"
walking around the hospital after my little nap  trynna see what kind of trouble i can get in to  lol
i found tea!
a real bad girl plans her attack carefully  then resorts to bleach  lol
goin home tonight  sorry u can't go home too <propfemale>  gotta refresh and recharge my battery  lots of love  deuces pali momi 
good morning people  how's life? it's kind of nippy right now which is alright  i'd like some tea 
oh doctor doctor i am sick please come n plug me very quick! bring all ur staffs cuz derz room for everyone!! n we can have a sexxxxx party all nite long!! i'm super duper horny!!! ooooh on wheel chairs i luv it o yes ahhhhh i luv it     o doctor i need ur medicine in my mouth to cure my sickness yes all of it    
morning ppl  i don't feel good  but i'll lie and say i do bc i can't take care of business like this  well actually i could since i'm the s-h-i-t
i love grandma supnet  you're the greatest!
no more pali momi! bye <propfirst>!
<propfirst> lambert is so pretty
rq: all my life i've tried to make everyone happy while i just hurt and hide   
\its not about who's real to your face," it's about who stays real behind your back\""\"f1421b586ec0d3a1afe4f70c8ec552b2,rq: gonna hold on easy as i let you go   gonna tell you how much i love you though you think you already know   
tell me why the women of hawaii calendar has better looking ppl than the men of hawaii which looks like a bunch of tanned white boys 
"i want a guy who's hot, smells good, well dressed, funny and  loves shopping  but i know that wont ever happen, because guys like that already have  boyfriends!\hahaha   lmao because it's true     lol"
fuck  my foot hurts from kicking dumb peoples ass  now can't walk  must find ice pack 
kahuku bound for some shrimpy time w the husbands and rest of the fam bam 
funny story  i leave tomorrow and haven't even thought about packing  oops  lol guess that's what i'll b doing tomorrow  shoot
have this urge to watch jackass 3d 
"goodbye 808  i'm feelin like i won't miss you  the people sure yeah  but you, oahu, hawaii  nay nay  see you in a few weeks "
two•five•three
so it's like 50 degrees and the sib and me thought hey let's walk the golf course to the new bridge to the water  yay!!! and oh let's do it in boots and heels  ukininam  lol
bought a new pair of boots {no fur} and i'm not sure how i feel about them now 
reading bedtime stories to the niece and i'm the one falling asleep  hmm  night y'all 
aunty is babysitting while mommy and daddy go on a date  i asked <propfemale> what <propfemale> likes to drink she's says poison    i can feel the love 
this house creeps me out at night w all it's windows and doors  so i make shady come everywhere w me   
made paper pumpkins w the kids  they ate dessert  made more pumpkins  3 kids in the tub splashing around  now where r mommy and daddy?!???
going to the pumpkin patch w the whole family  this should b interesting 
just breathe
y am i watching hawaii 5-0  what's really going on
the shady dog is a tweaker   she used to be able to walk in the dog par and socialize   but nooooo    a small dog came by me and she pin it to the ground like it was a threat    that was the end of the dog park for her   
anyone go to kubes haunted house this year? haven't been in a few years  it was all good except for the damn clown at the end which freaked me the hell out   and i don't have a fear of clowns  lol
i saw a nice side to bg today  he took care of the kids when he got home  made dinner for them  even me  what's really going on?
"my body hurts  idk why  i have this urge to go for a walk  but this is lakewood  and i'm not trying to get attacked my some creepster that escaped the crazy hospital down the road  no thanks, not today "
rq: winter must be cold for those with no warm memories  
"dear headache,\it's 230 in the am, hawhat!? u irk me  please go away  kthanks!!"
i love <propfirst> lambert 
purple status
rq: tell the devil i said 'hey' when you get back to where you're from 
i just bought a pair of slippers for 29 cents from old navy  lol
posted at the kube haunted house  at georgetown morgue  hmm???
"rq: you said you loved me, you're a liar cause you never ever ever did baby  but darling, id still catch a grenade for you     "
"i find great humor in the fact that while i was checking my makeup and brushing my teeth, i choked on toothpaste causing my lip piercing to get caught in my teeth almost pulling it out  blah "
'diamonds render her speechless ' why don't they just say it: 'diamonds    that'll shut her up    for a minute!'
oh the goonies!
halloween in one week     wtf   im missing a piece to my costume   shit   
oh date night!
i need to bling my gun    lol
imma knock a dumb bitch out  i wish you would say something 
top of the morning to all you glorious people!
"rq: rock n rollin'   get a room   trash it up   til its ten in the morning   girls in stripper heels, boys rollin' in maseratis   "
"i hear there is suppose to be snow   as much as i love the white fluffy cold stuff, i also dont want my flight to be delayed or to be stuck here because of it   but knowing that this is the west side of washington it wouldnt stick so never mind  "
seattle bound today    what to do what to do though    hmm???
tacos for din din 
<propfemale> manson   so random but im listening to him  
"rq: i want to be your lover   i want to wrap you in rubber   as pink as the sheets that we lay on   cause pink is my favorite crayon    yeah pink, its like red but not quite        lol"
why over 2 years later am i still hearing from my lawyer    ugh   
"rq: i find a map and draw a straight line   over rivers, farms, and state lines   the distance from a to where you'd be   its only finger lengths that i see  "
carving a pumpkin while dying my hair in a sports bra and boots  hmm? sometimes i question myself 
"rq: if i had you, that would be the only thing i ever need  if i had you, then money, fame, and fortune never could compete  if i had you, life would be a party   "
sleep  have to wakey wakey at 430 to catch a flight at 8  this is the blah part of traveling  yuck  night people 
seatac! oh the joy of waiting at the airport    only like an hour before i board    then another 6 hours til i land   followed by puttering around waiting for baggage   bittersweet joys of traveling    peace out 253   i'll miss you but see you in a few months    smile 
gotta love hate relationship w hot ass hawaii 
you're everything i want  but you kinda irk me with your i'm the big bad wolf but i have a soft side  no  <propmale> bears can't be gi joes  lmao 
"dear waipahu, thanks for being on the cooler side today  \love, me"
went to see the movie saw  that was stupid 
rq: i saw a picture of you hangin in an empty hallway    it took me back to the end of everything    every where that i go   i see another memory   and all the places we used to know there always there to haunt me   
must be mcdonalds because i'm lovin it!!!!!  smile 
"waikiki! hotel, motel, holiday inn! actually just hotel smile  pool time over  now time to get down to business and get ready!"
first time ever i've been at zanazabar sober  lol  managed to get ten dollars just because  and jojo shakin her ass all up on me  what's new  lol love you smile 
tell me why some guy asked me if my tattoos are real? wtf
rq:  it's time to make up my mind   and i cant really tell you what im gonna do   there are so many thoughts in my head   there are 2 roads to walk down and one road to choose     oh god show me a sign 
why have i been hit on by puraws recently   what's really going on??
"you finally left my life, thank you  now keep my name out you're fucking mouth  or since u two faced- mouths     blow me "
y am i still up at 4am? oh right because sleep hates me    lmao  fml
its friday! i would love a <propfemale> appltini     smile  but right now i would love sleep    please and thank you
omgsh  2 hours of sleep  what is dis? hmmm  what to do what to do 
watching 'for colored girls'           
i didn't know my phone had an off button  i'm making use of it while i watch my movie bc im never without this piece of crap phone  kbye!
for colored girls was good  due date was alright 
ahh finally getting that appletini 
i love gay boys  they make me happy smile 
here's to <propfemale> <propfemale> edrada! we all gonna get fucked up tonight 
"booze cruise check  hotel room w crazy people, planny food and drinks   check  lml"
love my life but fml  why is it so noisy in waikiki  lol 
fishing again smile  maybe i'll catch the evil eel today!
rq: my love is too complicated to be thrown back in my face 
i'm gonna have a glass of wine because it's one of those days  i'd like to find one of my reds so i don't have to chill the white  blah 
"i think side tattoos are sexy     well, i think all tattoos are sexy but whatever    it would have been a lovely place for one i've wanted for a long time but that space is kind of occupied    lol"
when your heart gets broken you see the cracks in everything    
i miss how you smell   and the sound of your heartbeat when i rest my head on your chest   and i miss how you tell me you love me at the most random times    ugh i miss you      
rq: eyes blurred sayin' goodbye at the cemetary   though memories fade   i got your name tatted on my arm so we both ball til my dyin' days  
and i love bubba gumps bartender  had four mixed drinks  charged me for two at $1 each  lol  tip for you!  smile 
this isn't how i wanted to say it but everyones got there reasons for why they can't talk to crazy <propfemale> so here it is so y'all don't have to worry about fitting me into your busy schedules    i'm moving back home to washington 
i was sitting here wondering how it became so late then realized oh right i went to sleep at 8   and woke up at 1130   blah   oh nay!
   this has been an e playful eriment to see how selfish i could be   so save your sorrys   i don't need anymore of those    kthanks!
nevah trust a ho  lol smiley face 
k nighty night y'all 
i love christmas and all but i have to stay away from christmasy stuff for the next few weeks or by the time it's actually christmas i'm gonna be over it  
and i want to watch macgyver right now    random    
"rq: ass gorgeous, lips insane    hips like boom and an ass like bang"
it must be fast food day cuz i had it my way and i'm lovin' it! this made my day    probably my week        and no i'm not talking about knockin boots   thank you   lmao!
god has a sense of humor bc i just washed the car today and it's now raining 
"to those of you there whenever i need anything, thank you! to those that put up with all my craziness, thank you! to those that only take and never give, thank you, you've given me <propfemale>! and to those that like to talk talk talk about me, thank you for keeping my name alive!\7 weeks left in 2010, make them count! have a lovely week y'all!"
so apparently the power went out in washington   and my niece says she doesn't like the dark or the wind and wants to come live with me   
the family stone to the notebook    
"today, at this current moment, i am oh so thankful for my room being clean with no dirty laundry hanging around    done!  smile  now what to do?"
why r ignorant people still breeding? imma punch a haole boy in his throat and kick a douche lord in his boto    you fuckin' up    y'all workin my nerves and raising my blood pressure  it's all good i'm gonna pray for you tonight   smile 
spent too much money today  thanks hubby for my spending money    lmao     k now buy me <propfirst> kardashians new perfume w the bag  thanks wink 
i love that my phone is being an obnoxious ho bag right now   is it time to upgrade???
love the rain but so loud   tais <propfemale> rain  
iphone4 owners- do you like your phone?? is it time for an upgrade or just a new phone company because my phone is being a little hostile  
finally going out tonight!!
what am i suppose to do with all my good ideas? put them in the tub and wash with them   cause that's what soup is for <propfemale> 
"this guy asked me today, 'do you date black guys?' i find that really funny   the first question should have been 'do you date?'     "
"so there's a mouse in the house and he frequented my room today because this morning i ate crackers leaving crumbs  he's a little vacuum  i found myself talking to him and said as long as he doesn't gnaw into my food container or touch me, i'll leave him alone   "
"the feet be killin me  being a broke ass this week kept me sober at the club  which if you know the drunken <propfemale>, is a good thing smile  lmao  night morning y'all  i need my beauty sleep "
"aw yeah, 4 hours sleep and now going to see <propmale> potter looking a hot mess  hawhat?!?"
i love my kat <propmale> d blue mascara    it's lovely          and thanks to the lights in zbar last night i managed to burn my shoulder    which is actually funny to me because    who does that     lmbo      laugh 
"waiting in the benz digging around trying to find my mexican rap cd i found an old cd  the going clubbing, midnight drives, and when i still owned the lexus cd  oh this is classic  lmao"
se qué quieres tu y qué vas hacer   también yo no quiero hacerte esperar otro vez     
"so irks   if i wanted you, mr  i'm so fly, i would have made it known hunnay! what you want with me anyway?!? i'm not normal  lmao "
rq: she ain't into wine and roses   beer just makes her turn up her nose   she can't stand the thought of sipping champagne   no cuervo gold margaritas   just ain't enough good burn in <propfemale>   she needs something with a little more edge and a little more pain   she's my little whiskey girl    
"rq: i wish i could go back to the very first day i saw you   should’ve made my move when you looked in my eyes   \this is dedicated to mariposa  haha"
"alright, all you back home in wa  y'all making me sick talking about all the snow you're enjoying or even not enjoying  ugh make me jealous here in hot ass hawaii  like trade places?"
aw hell naw  my damn <propmale> maddens broke  ain't dis some bullshiiit
i'm loving this black and mild right now 
the best advice i never took: always look out for number 1
"'they're so big and squishy that they makes great body pillows ' \lmao  people amuse me "
"rq:  disgusted with trust, i trust no one no more    no one to argue with cause i'm not home   don't care who you're with, don't call my phone  or did you forget you know you're wrong   i'm gone and you're all alone hearing your own damn <propfemale>  "
going to see burlesque  how did this happen?
every opportunity has it's shelf life 
"i thankful for   the lovely turkey for giving up his life to be enjoyed  piggly wiggly for being so tasty, my beautiful sister, my friends, <propfemale> supnnnet for inviting us into her home   smile  luv u boo  but most importantly thank you to the great lord above for which none of this would be possible without him     as my uncle the priest would say- rub a dub dub thanks for the grub yay god! lets eat!"
rq: i party like a rock<propfemale>  look like a movie <propfemale>  play like an all <propfemale>  fuck like a porn <propfemale>       sometimes  lol
"to all the black friday shoppers   more power to you  have fun, be safe, think of me   lol   just looking at the line wrappin around the store and blocks at midnight for stores that don't open til 6am   oh no   not this year    no thanks   "
how did i end up going black friday shopping
stay posted at the dr waiting for days then back to shopping  i'd rather get a pedicure 
shopping black friday done    and what did i buy? a drink w miss kalahiki   oh nay  now i'm munching on miss supnets home cookin   
do people not read anymore? if i tell you what i did on black friday and two seconds later you reply with oh busy huh    blah blah blah    did you go shopping on black friday   stupido you gone work my nerves   you don't know how for read? ukininam bakla     have a nice day  smile 
"to my haters, \thank you for all of the love you have shown me, you are my biggest fans!\by the way, does my name taste good in your mouth? \hugs and smooches, me  wink "
my neighbors let their dogs out to run in the streets then started yelling at them to come back   only to let one back in and the other to walk around like wtf? then for my dog to bark her ass off and get all in a huff because of this dog in her territory   i went outside like who's dog is this and why is it in my yard   dash! owner looking at me like omg she's crazy    duh apparently
uncles got the christmas music going   its making me happy   3 ish more weeks and i'll be in cold washington    i'm actually quite excited    not to be in washington just to be in cold weather   oh and my sister!!!
tell me how my man is out on the town without me  lol
"just got home  spending some qt with these crazy bitches  lol  i personally apologize for any of my or anyones texts, facebook comments, or phone calls  lmao  k nighty night y'all "
"been tired all day and now that i'm in bed, i can't sleep "
i hate my phone  anyone like buy me a new one 
"aw yeah, trynna drink my stress away   f dis ain't working  fuck my life  night y'all "
"rq: when i get the strength to leave, you always tell me that you need me  and i'm weak cause i believe  you  and i'm mad bc i love you  so i stop and think that maybe you could learn to appreciate me  then it all remains the same that you ain't never gonna change     though my heart can't take no more i keep on running back to you"
omg dis bitch is irrifuckintating  stop being a pussy bitch  ahhh 
laundry and cleaning are done    oh yes! now i need a beach so i can tan because mama is puraw    and fat looks better tan    lmao
spam rice and salmon for breakfast  who does that?
last first friday of the year people!! and last one i'll be in hawaii for for a while  
its a <propmale> white night   
so i'm the person that uses their hand as a cutting board and now needs superglue    bandaids suck  
"i feel like shit right now  not sick, just in pain  ahhh  and my right side as usual is malfunctioning and shaking  where are my fucking pills??? fml"
so can't find pain killers so the next best thing    alcohol   
"dear sick people, please keep your cold germies away from me, thank you!\sincerely, me"
guton morgen! happy 4th of december 2010! got to talk to sgt friedlander yesterday   good good     thinking this tea tastes a wee bit funknasty   hmmm     also need to do some shopping before i just spend my money on a tattoo like normal  
i need to go to church   my mind is corrupt     if my only way of not saying bad things while children are present is to be quiet   that's a problem   lmao  
"hawaii--- you have 10 more days with me then i'm out   leave the 15th    deuces smile  \which means washington--- you have 11 more days to prepare for me  "
i'm really fuckin irritated and have this urge to slap a ho   ahhhhhhh    whoosa
"if you or someone else, i really don't care who, like cheesecake factory and want a free meal, let me know because i just don't want to look like a fat cow eating it by myself   not like i really care because i'd do it anyway   but real talk    just food   don't e playful ect something else from me   i'm just being nice and offering free fuckin food   oh but offer e playful ires in 5 days smile  have a nice day"
"walking <propfemale> today out came this dog   she's looking at me like 'bitch, pick me up why am i still down here with this?' i pick her up and continue walking   little dog follows   i turn around, he stops, looks around, and walks the other way   i continue walking and little dog follows me again   i turn around, he stops, i tell him shoo little dog, go home   his owner came out and called him, off he trotted  "
"my accountant is so daft   i should have gotten my check 2 weeks ago, but because he's slow, ignorant, puraw, old, i don't know, whatever, i still haven't gotten it   he reminds me of my lawyer    gets the job done but slow as fuck   what am i paying these people for??"
i love <propfemale> deen   
my profile pic is for the sibling   she brought it up the other day so for now i'm a dash girl! this is awkward    
i didn't think it was possible for <propmale> <propmale> to be any hotter 
every opportunity has a shelf life     love this  was reminded of it when i watched a bit of burlesque again today waiting for faster to start  boom smile 
"'i think your a cunt for participating in stupid facebook number games ' -b  rees\that's fuckin hilarious"
oh yes pho!
a week from today i say deuces! i go home to cold freeze your ass off washington   might be good for me because i have a lot of it to spare   see the sibling and those children that call me aunty   and the crazy one i call kilikina   i'm actually happy to be going home  
it's time for me to sleep    my body is saying those 3 hours of sleep last night didn't do nuttin'    nighty night y'all!! ha
"though you're in a better place, <propfirst> and i want to say happy birthday, mommy! we love you til forever comes!"
i love the rain   and i normally love the sound   but its kinda making plenty noise and i'd like it to lower its volume  
i'm loving this weather   5 days y'all  
"people of hawaii   it's my last weekend here in hawaii before i leave   going out tonight   you like come, come    you  no like come   kfine, don't come!"
annnndd it's nap time  
"i love that when i asked my 3 yr old nephew how he was he said, i'm good, thanks! whereas my 4yr old niece is all quiet on the phone "
"rq: if everybody smoked a blunt, relieve the mind, the world could be a better place      \i dont smoke the herbal refreshment but bone thugs n <propfemale> might just have a point  "
aw yeah straight 151   laugh 
im thinking the last time i did shots of 151 was my sr year   and last night it just happened bc jojo told me i needed to be drunk   i was indeed drunk    but i do remember last night lol  
last night i found great humor in the song ridin solo  i like being single  'men just think for their <propmale>' lmao 
"rq: i love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out  i love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like i'm nuts  i love that after i spend the day with you, i can still smell your perfume on my clothes  and i love that you're the last person i want to talk to before i go to sleep at night "
today is a good day!
beauty and the beast enchanted christmas  how precious 
rq: with bullets and blue eyes and a white flag disguise  i'm tired of holding my breath for countless days now  what would you do if i told you our love was through?
"baby shower check  thank you lord, i'm full "
"only a few more weeks left in 2010! may your week be blessed   \goodnight y'all smile "
"old grungy biker guys with their crazy beards, leather, and old faded blurred tattoos amuse me  "
my computer hates me  boooo  i leave in a day annnnnnddd i have yet to pack for my long much needed vacation  there is always tomorrow  and if tomorrow doesn't come then it doesn't matter if i pack or not  just sayin'!
hello! must pack today   leave tomorrow!! it's bittersweet for me but more on that later!
why am i not just moving back home?
be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be men of courage; be strong  do everything in love  1cor  16:13-14
the rock and vin diesel in fast and furious 5    oh yes 
rq: its not that im prudish but my mother told me never to enter a mans room in months ending in 'r'
a day wasted on flying and airport time  oh how i love traveling but not the getting to and from!
"when i was afraid of everything, i was never afraid to love you "
it's 81 degrees out in maui and i'm a <propmale> cold  this is yuck yuck!
"finally leaving maui  which means i'm leaving the glorious state of hawaii  deuces  so long  farewell  buh bye! peace  text me, call me, send a postcard   love ya miss ya bye!"
remember how earlier today i was cold at 80something degrees  yeah it's 34ish degrees right now  i like the crisp air but i'm bloody freezing 
last night we all slept in my sisters bed  this morning i'm watching the kids and <propfemale> wants to cry when mommy left  uh no not w tired aunty  glad the words 'stop crying' work on him 
cat owners will be the only ones to appreciate this  i was petting the cat thats scared of everyone and love that she started talking to the crows outside  aw i miss my <propfemale> 
looks like <propfirst> and coke are the beverage makers tonight  and i hate <propfirst> d  ugh  oh well 
can someone please e playful lain to me how i can load and shoot a gun better tipsy than i can sober 
i woke up with the intention of folding my laundry but miss gata was all talk and purrs   between the dog and small loud children she never comes out   so i'm giving her some pets 
"it's a wee bit cold tonight  extra blankets and the old lady, my 9 year old boxer puppy dog  the only living being i'll snuggle with  nighty night y'all "
"getting the nails did with the sibling, kilikina, and aunty <propfemale>!"
watching happy feet   my feet are kind of cold  
"my niece and i were watching the tele and the aspca commercial came on  she says, 'i don't like this part' as she started crying    the same girl that said shady should go live on a farm because she scares the cat  hmm"
"i told <propfemale> i was turning the lights off and she said, 'yeah, you don't want to waste electricity ' oh nay! to top it off   while i was cleaning i managed to sweep a mouse into my own foot, freaked me the hell out then ran off  cat is not doing her job "
why are we so quick to forget the bad and romanticize the good?
rq: no weapon formed against me will prosper  and i truly believe my haters are my motivators    fuck you gonna do when a bitch try to go hard?
beauty and the beast w the children  i like him better as a beast  furry is a much better look  just like <propmale> black  furry werewolf
"good things come to those that wait   not to those that wait too late    if you don't love me, someone else will   "
"rq: haters you can kill yourself    \i love <propfemale> minaj"
"hawhat?!? this is what i hear from my 4 yr old niece to her mom, \mommy    mommy    mama    mama     <propfemale>     teehahahahaha!\"""""
"because my accountant is ignorant and didn't send my check out when he said he would, i have to try and cash it in wa where i no longer have a bank  what is this almost two months late  so fucking irking "
rq: don't hate me cause i'm beautiful   
"rq: daddy turned his head just soon as i passed him   girls think i'm conceded cause i know i'm attractive   don't worry bout what i think, why don't you ask him   get yourself together, don't hate   jealousy the ugliest trait     "
ain't dis some bullshit  hawaii needs to start kicking some ass instead of dragging it 
dec 24 with the oleole fam bam! hawaii     you fuckin up!!
"\you're a cocky little shit!\"" \",f1421b586ec0d3a1afe4f70c8ec552b2,wtf is the damn score of the game 
"i've never gotten such random comments about my tattoos  'i can't believe you got buddha tattooed on you, that's too funny'    'looking good all tatted up'    'that's tight as fuck'    'you went to hawaii, got tatted up, came back and think you're all hard now, you're funny?!'"
<propfemale> christmas y'all! just had dinner with the great grandparents  their first year being away from home on christmas in 62 years  crazy 
"salute the troops     thank you to all those that serve this country   past, present, and future "
"while the sibling and children are at grandmas munching on leftovers and playing with their new toys, i'm cleaning and working on my sisters house  my present to myself   smile "
"hours of cleaning done, now finally 'relaxing' with a cup of tea after a hot shower   found out i had a cut on my hand after pouring what i thought was water on it      turns out it was rubbing alcohol   oooh fuckin rah    but house is mostly clean    another day and i'll be putting this ish on repeat because these kids are evil    laugh "
"when did it become 5am and why am i still up     watching twilight zone w the dog  curse you, insomnia, curse you!! lol nighty night y'all "
btw people of the world     i don't have a phone so don't try talking to me on it!!!
"hawhat    upgraded the gosh dang phone   i got tired of the old 3g giving me issues    paid the <propmale> and hot guy came to answer my question and talk about tattoos   then wham blam, new phone  "
almost 4am   whatswith this not sleeping thing???? ugh   nighty night
are you kidding? not only am i still awake but i'm watching modern marvels: rice  what the heck?????????????
not only does my niece do stewie   she just said 'mom!!      the meatloaf!!' oh wow
"let's see, i feel like shet  but i'm painting today  yay! and because my right side is jacked up an my hand shakes whenever it feels like it, it takes forever! and in-between i'm patching a damn 6in hole in the wall  blah!"
rq: and oh what a revalation to see someone was saying i love you to me   a one in a million <propmale> of a lifetime   and life showed compassion   and sent to me a stroke of love called you   a one in a million you         my madres favorite song    
lord please give me <propfemale> today  i've gotten maybe 20 hours of sleep this last week  i have a cold which is killing me  been working on this house all day every day this week  well except monday  and i get to watch these 3 kids all day who are working my last nerve 
ok children are playing in the room away from me  good  my medication kicked in so i feel better  this is good  thank you lord 
i may not wanna get low so i post it up kinda like a playa do    basically 
"sing along as the choir sways, every verse of amazing grace   and then we shake the preachers hand   go home into your blue jeans   have some chicken and some baked beans   make a backyard football team   not do much of anything   thats what i love about sunday   "
i found my <propfemale> ring that went missing last week  thank you lord  wouldn't have been pretty if i didnt find it
"oh no! the worst possible thing that could have happened, happened     my 4 year old niece just said she wanted to be just like me     great     thats no good  "
rq: sometimes you think every thing is wrapped inside a <propfemale> ring   love just needs a witness and a little forgiveness   and a halo of <propfemale>   and less sporadic pace   and i'm learning to be brave in my beautiful mistakes
"rq: well i'm not trying to land him  i'm just using him for sex     \lmao  gotta love pretty woman"
"'you're a cheeseburger away from being obese!'    'you're a grasshopper!'   \'and for the record i eat chicken sandwiches all day everyday!' \\ bad girls club new season!"
hi dolls! fuckin epic! i think i'll drink a wine spritzer and watch jersey shore it's so epic  you're a skeet skeet bitch  oh my gosh i love my life! happy new year y'all   laugh 
"this is a fwd from my brother     snow is like a cock, it measured in inches, soft to the touch, cums when you least e playful ect it and it never gets as deep as you'd like it  driving in the snow is like eating pussy  if you don't slow down and pay attention you could slide into the asshole in front of you! be careful this winter!"
"rq: we're in miami, i dont want a girl studying for finals, i want a girl studying for <propmale>    vinny- jersey shore"
this motha luvin phone is being such a fucktard right now  if it didn't cost so much i'd probably throw it 
lmao  and i was just told me in my cop outfit is 'absurdly great' because 'the cleavage is fucking epic'  that's hilarious 
"you're a pain in the ass overly confident  motha trucker  and yet i still miss you  what's really going on?? this is what talking about old ish does   oh well, night y'all!"
ugh  whats my issue  my whole body is cramping making sleep impossible  ew  now what to do???
lady and the tramp with the fam bam  ugh i'm tired 
the bf and i decided we want new families so we are joining the kardashians minus <propfirst> because he's an ignorant prick 
blue and green status today
seahawks!
"our hasselbeck, who <propmale> in qwest field, hallowed be thine arm  thy bowl will come, it will be won, in <propfirst> as it was in detroit(damn refs)  give us this saturday our impossible win and forgive the less-passers as you will not let them pass against us  lead us not into frustration, but deliver us from saints  for thine is the proven, the best of he and charlie,and the <propfemale> of the 12th man, now and forever  amen"
cheeeeeehuuuu! seahawks!
i just wrestled w the 9 year old boxer  we used to actually scrap  now 3 mins and we are both bellys up like never mind  and she also almost ripped out a piercing i'd like to keep attached  lol
"i don't know, you did a pretty good job  i mean even the law came   "
new season of bad girls club   monday night   oh yes!
rq: i got a mouth like a sailor  yours is just like a hallmark card 
waiting for lunch watching the game with uncle <propfirst>
idk the game kinda bored me 
nay  i smell like an old lady  tea tree oil and white flower  this shoulder pain is not the business 
good morning facebook! what's good y'all?!?
rq: this much i know is true  that god blessed the broken road that led me straight to you 
annoyed status 
"a friend of mine asked me what's a deal breaker when it comes to a significant other   i said if they don't like animals    trust and believe if he ever gave me the ultimatum of him or the cat dog animal    oh <propfemale>, you best be the rock cause we all know i love animals more than i like people   truth   lol"
omg took the pooch to petsmart and was stopped by this old hood nigguh that says hey baby wanna come to my birthday party? lol that's funny 
"ok really? im still up dinking around on facebook, 2 other sites, playing a game and listening to filipino music   ohhhhhhh nayy    whats really going on?"
"rq: haole, you took your 8 islands from us, the least you could do is pick up the tab every now and then      oh hawaii 5-0   lmao"
depressing myself looking at real estate here   i need sleep   
rq: love lasts forever but a tattoo lasts six months longer 
enter the dragon is on tv  that makes me so happy   laugh 
i'll have what she's having   
nighty night facebook   gotta get that beauty rest    laugh 
"so i'm gonna be an aunty to a girl in may and an i don't know in september  thank you all for having kids so i never have to  \p s  no <propfirst> is not preggo"
"so irks! ugh  just be game day so i can watch the hawks bring home another win  navy blue, white, and green baby!"
omg jonsing for filipino food 
you are the postmark on my heart   you are the best part of me   
rq: i have grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms   you broke all your promises   you dont get to get me back     cause you lost my love    deuces!
these kids are so irks  i need to meditate 
my sister likes rugs  i don't like them  for her it's an excuse not to clean  nay babysitter maid don't play that  these are about to disappear 
bring home another win seahawks!
happy sunday   have a great week  stay blessed  
oh seahawks you make me sad 
"wtf?!??!!???? well boys, enjoy watching the superbowl from your recliners at home  ahhhhhhh-----"
talked to my firefighter in jersey  amusing  saw 3 of my past teachers  scary  and spent too much money at the mall  hmm 
rq: i look good in love   all dressed up in love   i love love!  laugh 
"weird addictions, im addicted to eating couch cushions      really?"
free at last! free at last! thank god almighty we are free at last!
"i'm not trying to knock old people but why you gonna put the slow moving, old, arthritic cashier on the e playful ress <propfirst> reg?"
i hate that i miss you  i don't even know why i do when you're such a pain laugh  but thank you for inspiring me 
haters don't hate us   they hate good shit   
first time in awhile im going to sleep before 3am    nighty night fb!
"whack! i swear i've spent more time with these children than their own mother has these last few weeks   and its not because of a job   whack-tastic   if i wanted to be a mom, i would have found a man with kids   grrrrr aarrrrg"
"\all real motha fuckers is only waiting on one opportunity  and thats the opportunity to show a motha fucka they ain't bullshittin  \"" katt <propmale>"""
\mom," your sister is a little bit crazy!\""\"f1421b586ec0d3a1afe4f70c8ec552b2,who comes and knocks on the door at 130am    my ass was't going to answer    mmm-mm   nay nay    i've seen the strangers   no thanks   my dog was sitting at the front door barking her ass off   sounded like cujo yet she is the sweetest dog   
oh good gracious what is the blue critters name on sesame street? not cookie monster 
what?!?!!? <propfirst> lalanne can't die  but i have his juicer  oh why?
"bgc6- still love <propfemale>    beer muscles bro, beer muscles     lmao"
you know you have a problem when you walk into the shower w your phone  is there a 12 step program for this?
cheesecake check! now to christinas for din din with the fam bam 
omg jelly beans!!
"went over to the barron house after <propmale> painted the bathroom  when asked what she thought of it, my niece replied, 'i'm unimpressed!' lmao "
so what had happened was   
if someone wants to get me bubba gumps right now that would be amazing! kthanks!
goodnight! sleep tight! see you in the morning light! haha
i hate ft <propfirst> commissary and px  can i be back in hawaii so i can just go to good old nex 
fuckin irraz    i need a blunt  ohh but i don't smoke  shiiit  maybe i'll start  im so over washington  it's cold and dark and people are annoying  lmao  ugh 
"hawhat?  so i was told by this random guy \you definitely have a full figure and know how to rock it!\"" ukininam   """
"rq: i can do what you got to do and i'll still be a lady   i don't want your car or your money   i'm independent monday thru sunday   and if you ever look down upon me, your ignorance is such a pity    "
aw love dads that put in a full tank of gas after fixing the beastly yukon  now if only his son wasn't a first class loser 
don't touch my stuff with your walks-on-the-street-paws!
oh yes! filipino food! and tfc  it's like i'm home   smile 
rq: i may not wanna get low so i post it up kinda like a playa do 
is anyone else freezing  ugh  to add to that awesome-ness i'll probably be getting the nieces cold soon  annnnnnddd blah! have a nice day smile 
"rq: whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right!"
"some people insist upon bringing up dumb shit from 2010  i mean, hey, if you really want to be a skeet skeet bitch, by all means go for it! but i'm not down to play that game  it's a new year, a new day, <propfemale> it up already!"
go big or go home  and home isn't an option! lol
it is effing freezing    or maybe i just became a nani  either way my body is cramping its so cold  i'm trying to sleep all curled up in a ball under the down comforter w the dog  eff and i don't know how for work the damn heater   and yet i'm laughing 
i have this mad urge to buy my friends motorcycle   
don't care for either team but today going with the steelers  polamalu  cheeeeeehuuuu 
where's the love people?
feeling it's time for the sauna  try to sweat out this cold 
sauna=  smile  reminds me of home  if i close my eyes i can convince myself i'm laying out at the beach  lol
"i love coughing  it's fricken amazing  has the ability to give me a headache, stomach and side pains, make my throat hurt even more, spread nasty little cold germs everywhere, and keep me awake      awesome! blah sad "
i was just driving and looked to see the temp  it said ice  wtf does that mean? im pretty sure ice has a temperature too 
"rq: i look so good without you   got me a new hairdo   lookin' fresh and brand new    done with your lies   baby now my tears dried, you can see my brown eyes   i look so good, i look so good without you!"
shout out to my haters  sorry that you couldn't  phase me!
"thanks to the bf's awesome hubby mr  <propmale> barron, i have my computer back and working   along with my 31,000 plus pictures  "
it's only illegal if you get caught    wink 
so irraz   i feel like going to the gym work out some aggression! shiiiittttt!
omg      then came the cajun music   it's like i'm back in my uncles house as a child again   i should be sleeping   but no   
"i managed to clean the house, do laundry, and send out 6 overdue letters today while watching the 3 children as they gave me a headache and irritated me to the brink of wanting to go out to the garage, grab the shotgun and run off to the shooting range   however   i did alittle ohm whoosa action and came back around   cause i'm g like that laugh "
time for sleep    with the snoring bedhog  how fab! night y'all 
watching rugby with grandpa <propfirst>  whens din din  i'm hungry 
bought myself some new shoes today    where were my champs people to give a sista a hookup????!!?!!
i feel like a cat   drinking warm milk   but it's not even milk because my sister doesn't have milk  she has almond soy or some ish   so warm milk substitute  
i don't believe i'm saying this but i kind of miss my apt in <propfemale> beach  minus the fact i didn't have a tub  but i did have a pool 
so while y'all go out and have your valentines day fun    i'm watching a movie while i relax in the tub   and try to avoid the children that i am suppose to be watching  
wish the sun would come out to play    i'd like to take a walk but noooo  
rq: when your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again   take every breath god gives you for what its worth   
"rq: stop thinking about the words i left unsaid  stop trying to change the things that i can't change    in my heart i know you're gone, but in my head, i feel rain fallin right out of the blue sky    "
mad urge to walk the golf course because it's raining  i'm so backwards 
it stopped raining so i don't want to walk anymore but i already told my dog we were going for a walk so now she's all excited  i think i broke my back lifting her into the suv  old lady status over here  lol
rq: nobody knew how much she blamed herself    for years and years she tried to hide the whiskey on her breath   she finally drank her pain away alittle at a time   but she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind    the angels sang a whiskey lullaby     - this is dedicated to sgt friedlander
gotta love zales and their courtesy call to remind me to get my jewelry inspected  note to self: go to zales    don't forget jewelry    don't bring money   
'i told you you were to close but nobody ever listens to me  no no no no  i mean who does that? who backs a car into another car? you make my head numb  i can't even    ugh!'
calendars went on sale for one dolla  so i bought one for every room  and my sister the jersey shore calendar  lol
this should let anyone know i'm not right in the head   i took the yukon to a wash-your- own-damn-car car wash in a tank top and shorts     it's 38 degrees 
"cleaned the inside of the car of the 100 toys, 1000s of bits and pieces of food particles, 15 'grocery' bags, 2 strollers, 3 baby carriers, two foldable coolers, ample amounts of napkins, multitudes of old receipts, dog food kibbles, leashes, kids clothes, shoes, and anything else completely random  car then didn't know what to do and wouldn't start  battery from the caddy to jump it  how lovely!"
"i just asked my almost 2 yr old nephew if he was done eating he said, 'yeah, box'  lmao"
lazy status    must get off butt  ugh 
how does something e playful ire 02 30 11? i was under the impression that february had only 28 days   sooo march 2nd?
ugh i miss hawaii    the nice thing about cold weather is i can now enjoy my hot showers where as in hawaii not so much   
"rq: baby, what you say we go pickin wildflowers  "
i'm trying to get out of bed but nooo there's a 40 lb dog laying on my leg  snoring away not phased by anything 
is snow really necessary right now?
i'm doing yoga today    i'm so not the yoga type of person  
still snowing  froze the door on the yukon shut  that was special 
"aw yeah, i just shoveled the driveway and it's snowing again  oh well "
the bff is in florida all this talk about hot weather and humidity   ugh makes me miss hawaiis hot humid days      for a minute  
"wtf is really going? this is what just occured   this motha trucka just asked me to marry him  is you serious??? you must high   funny part, he really was serious   you puraw, i don't do dat kine stuff   \    no smart ass remarks to the latter k   "
"how does that make you feel? \like a viagra pill with a face  \lmao"
"think i've caught death yet again    kids and their germ ridden friends, touching everything with non-washed snotty hands   oh woe is me   lol"
"rq: all of my life, where have you been? i wonder if i'll ever see you again "
"it's truly hysterical to me how someone can say they don't have time to clean and do important things yet has all the motha fuckin time to sit on the phone for hrs w their boo, go over and <propfemale> out w their boo, go out, dance around, and screw around  fuckin nailz!"
"derailed trains by chambers bay    great, with awesome toxic fumes clogging the little oxygen we have   stay inside y'all within that mile radius that got the calls   and lets not forget your outdoor animals  "
rainy weather like this makes me want soup  snow hot cocoa  and sun    bubba gumps  good thing it's never <propfemale> in washington 
this just in  nay time for hawaii  i'm moving to florida!
"i don't shoot handguns   my daddy always said, \a handgun is a way to get to a real gun \"" so i brought a real gun  """
"today is moving day  i'm kinda tired but like the rock, i bring it! literally in this case because i got the suv and trailer! lol "
"so i thought i'd put in gas for my sibling   $80 later and '<propfemale>' is still thirsty   i said no thanks, that's good enough  "
i love our new cat but he's a creeper in the dark since he's all black    he was sitting a foot away from me and i couldn't see him til he bat my hand  
men only think for their dicks   and it's not going to solve my problem so dash! negative time for irking people  
"somehow i'm j of my friend going to the carribean   take me, take me!!!"
"i love how you can be in a store not needing help and every employee will ask if they can help you find anything  but when you actually need them, no where to be found "
oh lovely! i should get my 2 letters written so i can send those out tomorrow   and i need to work on my <propmale> project with the children   annnnnd perhaps stop being a heffer   don't see the latter happening anytime soon     lmao  
"sunday is over, monday is arriving    dun dun dun   have a great and blessed week y'all!"
don't think i don't think about it   don't think i don't have regrets   don't think it don't get to me   between the work and the hurt and the whiskey    i know what i felt and i know what i said   don't think i don't think about it    
mardi gras!
"quoting mr  vin diesel 'there is nothing in the world, more sacred than a woman ' take notes men smile "
rq: it's too big   it's too wide   it's too strong  it won't fit   it's too much   it's too tough   he talks like this cuz he can back it up   he got a big ego   such a huge ego   i love his big ego   it's too much   he walks like this cuz he can back it up        
"'damn, you're thick girl, you should let me get that ' wtf, you really think that's gonna get you some ass? thats the same as the guy that said, 'damn, tits annnndd ass!' yeah that's classy    funny but no  "
hawaii- be safe y'all  don't float away! i mean the entire island! where would i go home to?!? but for real higher ground smile 
"rq:   you're my fix like a venti iced coffee   i enjoy your company   i took a risk, i took a <propmale>     "
it wasn't over  it still isn't over 
it's been 88 days since my last stog or black  44 days- last drink  sad  7 months for my last tattoo session  (wtf)   12ish weeks i've been in wa  60 something  days til my birthday    day40     boom random ish! nighty night y'all!
"fml    i'm so lazy   and i don't like daylight savings crap   we don't do dat kine stuff in hawaii   i should go to the gym     but for what, i'm only gonna stuff my face later    lol"
watching salt with my sibling and the dog  not sure why 
"things i loth when shopping  mess  cashiers that just grab you money when it's obvious you're looking for change  one cashier for a fatty line  and those people that have to run and get something  oh no, that's not gonna work "
"like a lighthouse needs a coast, like the father and the son need the holy ghost, i need you "
the world can shake but lord i'm making  you my hidin' place  
time for paranormal activity 2   with the dog   because i feel uneasy if she's not with me  
"rq: do we keep doin' what we're doin' till we cause ourselves harm, charmed by life and then we forget what livin's really for "
fat cow status right here  i don't need to eat for another week  fml
i wanna take that shot of whiskey  wanna smoke that cigarette  wanna smell that sweet addiction on my breath   i need you   
rq: that's the body of the century   you a little insecure but baby you got plenty   them stretchmarks on your hips are just bungee cords bringin you back when you dip    
i need to start living life the jersey shore way  gtl  got laundry down  can there be a gym i can tan and workout at the same time???
"5 pillows  diesel the cat  snoring dog taking up half the bed  headache   a little white noise to drown out the snoring, check  good to go   night y'all "
i was watching house last night and wondering do people that age really not know who ferris bueller is? bueller    bueller   
doing some gardening  trying to be warm jn the sun 
"dear lovely people in hawaii,\ no need feel like i forgot about you, yeah?! these children are sooo irks  lol  still love them  you like talk to me, facebook is probably easiest bc it's up all day  texting is fab to  calls arent the best as its never quiet w these mini versions of mommy and daddy  but you can try if you like    \all love, nighty night y'all!"
"rq: now on the day you call for me   someday when time no more shall be   i'll say death, where is your sting   shelter me lord underneath your wing"
