ed4889570aedd1e95c81f70b8aee1cad
finally got a facebook <propfemale>   laugh  lol
just woke up like half an hour ago      woa thats a lot of sleep  laugh  anyone up for movies tomorrow? ninja assassin!!  laugh 
gonna go play sims 3 now bbl
alright so i got a new number     finally!! lol  laugh  its 5129219991
theonly thing that got me through the day was a the song in my head
stop poking me      lol jk (poke away)
i will not lose the poke fight!!
omfg!! finals!!
who else is going to sign up for classess today???!!! ill b there at like 3!
random comment of the day #1: two angry camels in a <propfemale> car!!
"random comment of the day #2: \you just got killed by a daewoo lanos muthafucka!\"""""
random comment #4: to zanarkand     nuf said
d&d is pretty fkin awesom!!
i need to finish that essay     procrastination is a bitch!
six flags!!!!!!!!! hope they dont kick me out agian
"life is short, live it to the fullest because you never know when the end will come   "
"alright so here's the situation: i'm currently in irapuato, mex at my sister-in-laws house  i will be making it to tiquicheou tomorrow like in the morrow  i will then burry my father and start headed back by tuesday or wednesday  right now, my mother lost her purse and my phone along with it, thusly i have lost everyone <propfirst> and ask everyone to send me your <propfirst>  that's about it see y'all in like a week"
so itz has been a long ass day but currently we made it to laredo and are en route to san <propfirst> and should be in <propfirst> by like the afternoon have not slept for 23 hours currently  laugh  anyway see u guys as soon as i'm done with everything that comes with death of a parent and property and will do everything in my power to catch up with everyone ttyl
omfg my house is so hot!! damn ac isn't workin time to take <propfemale> cold ass shower
i am like the only person who doesnt change their pic huh?
i need a friend
"i have an epic idea     we get on chat roulet and see if by <propmale> we \find each other !!! > laugh "
"to everyone!: my cell has been cut off, if you wish to be able to contact me, send me a message on facebook and ill give you my house number  that is all!      laugh "
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkk uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu cactuarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!
(fuck you cactuar)
the mothafukin count of fuckin' <propmale> cristo!!!!1!! > laugh 
"so yea to everyone, still in mex, will be back in <propfirst> by the middle of next week like b4 friday so     <propmale> pilgram! lolz yea and also wanted to see that one with jet <propfirst>, silvester stallone, and like a shit load of other action stars lolz looks like it could be potentially shitty or good idk"
so yea i just made it in from mex!  laugh  tired now we drove for over 24 hours straight! anyway gonna take a long nap be up like by 5 or so so if anyone wants to meet up im free after my nap  joyful 
60's movies are fukn awesome!!!  laugh 
"boys night out, you should watch it too!"
my arms have been sore as hell all day ugh i need a massage bad  sad  but on a good note: d&d this sat and magic tomorrow  laugh 
so i am hoping to god i can get out of this place in time for fnm     being broke blows
alright so i need a new profile pic but sadly i do not have a camera so i will leave it up to my friends to take a pic of me at any point of any day and ill use one of em  laugh  let the competition begin!!
so im behind in my cal work      ill start on it tomorrow     maybe      nah
"i feel like visiting the <propfirst> museum of arts this thursday, would anyone like to join me? o btw its free for students who bring their id's and there is a live jazz show at 7pm i believe "
    i farted    
effin' cars keepin me up all night finaly gonna get some sleep     hopefuly -_-
i     i     i couldn't restrain myself man    they were just stairing at me     begging me     i opened 6 of em      got a wurmcoil! lol but yea srry still gonna have enough for the draft though  laugh 
thats cuz im ok with this one  playful 
want to play scrabble tomorow but idk who has it sad 
what is up with this cartoon and anime picture trend on facebook?!
omfg!! fount a copy of ffvii on the pc!  laugh  gonna play the hell out of it  laugh       ah so nostalgic
"to quote the words of rere: \\inception! inception! inception! omfg inception!"
dead space 2 demo!!
so i found out a borders is closing by april     cheap books and stuff  laugh !
