3267da157cec4c03cad594c4bebf7b66
accidently deleted her status & all the chit chat that accompanied it   she still loves this time of year
i must be tired       i've just completed two quizzes 
now has work at sugar <propfemale> on high street in harpers ferry
the where the wild things are flick is so wonderful in so many ways
"telfair was fun, but glad to be nearly home"
the sun is shining and life is good!
wishing everyone a happy holiday!  i'm excited to be hosting for the first time this year   
cloudy outside   sunshine inside!
thanks to all those who came out to supprt the <propmale> club sale   a success thanks to you!
"is electrified!  2011, i love you already  happy new year cats & kittens!"
is indulging in a little <propfemale> makeba 'pata pata'   goes with sunshine
"thanks for the all warm wishes, peeps"
has misplaced her phone again 8(
excessively uses exclamation points  so much enthusiasm
needs to return to the task at hand
determined to get my website updated this month
just punched in the gut by frontline (in a good way)
"everyone please watch 'food, inc' illuminating!"
one of the best st  <propfirst>'s in memory!  dancing in the kitchen      
off to the pool!
"is paying it forward for creative people: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update  they must in turn, promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010!"
"today, the hills were alive with the sound of music (picture my arms up towards the sky, twirling around in the dress my mother would never let me make  smile "
"this gardening thing seems to be taking off!  diggin' it!  (i know, i know      corny   that's me)"
<propfemale>!
where are my new specs?????????????
em & i had an amazing 1 2 hr this a m  watching a flock of circling & swooping tree swallows feasting on insects in the backyard
hp 56 & 57 ink cartridges free for any local friends   have new printer & they don't match   let me know if u can use 'em
great horned owl who who-ing like mad under a star-filled pre-dawn sky sunday       v  nice!
chuffed by so many compliments!  thanks everyone
thanks for all the auspicious (1-11-11) birthday wishes!  a wonderful dc <propfemale> with friends and a lovely snow  smile 
am i the only one who doesn't buy christian bale's accent? phony balogna
so great to return home to the sound of spring peepers  smile 
