c55de7384ce2c778558472c7e0d76f6c
why cant i find that picture of me wearing a bag on my face in a hawiian shirt drinking with people in a superman pose   
i am going to sleep lets hope for another crazy awesome dream where my pocket knife flips out into a sword that i throw at people   like last nights   also how much force does it take to hold a gun slide back?  cause my dreams might be lying to me 
i openned a box with a spoon today   it felt manly 
"10 10 on my self defense class test   i wanna practice more   you know, in case someone tries to rape me   anally "
i am bored and feel like shananiganizing 
no one has said it in awhile but good morning!
fucked up my back at work today   gonna see a doctor tmrw 
i love teasing people in my stupid goth voice 
final in 9 hours and i sitll need to read 6 chapters   out of a law book   i hate law 
well that final was easy!  also who wants to help me study for my self defense final on friday?  or do something?  im just bored now 
is there going to be an employee screening of ironman 2?  if so   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vlnwf1sqkjy
my throat hurts  cepacol to the rescue!  but i think im just gonna go to bed after that 
so yeah i just shit out $5300  for school 
no one came  no one got drunk  im over 151  and there was no carnal activity  fuck capitalizing shit   also it was still enjoyable 
"that sore throat i've had for awhile  tonsillitis\   biut im not taking my shit out   just hardcore antibiotics, and water, and not talking "
packing for michigan   i'm gonna miss you san antonio   for about a week   then we can is drinking?  cause god damnit the last two times were sabotaged 
"yay found a computer   got to see my family, eat borscht, meet all the new grandkids, lots of ukrainian food, not get any phone service, play in my cousins basement ( skeeball, pinball, pingo-pongo etc etc (he's a lawyer))   all in all so far so good "
yay good day!  i got to drink a new rum that was amazing   i'll post pictures of my family soon  also i found out kids actually enjoy my company   and i got called mr  potato head by a 4 year old 
"yay i saw <propfemale> cousin play hockey  she is awesome at it, they tied 1-1 but i really enjoyed it  so if i try to convert you all to hockey   accept it   also i played football with all my really small cousins and did the impossible   i tought little vaun how to ride i bicycle   in less than an hour   i'm really tired but also happy   i love you <propfemale>   tuesday im back "
i'm reading <propfemale> no iru machi right now and its just so oh shit damn!
back in san <propfirst>!
i would like to learn asl   anyone wanna practice reteachign me my alphabet   i suck at languages so <propfemale> would be nice  smile 
"i hate it when i'm bored enough to take quizzes  i hate it more when the quizzes seem legit and then all of a sudden it asks you something so lame that it's essentially asking you to pick your result   then it acts like its a badass and says \yeah you got the one you wanted! im such a smart quiz!\""   sigh"""
"down + down forward + forward + hard sleep = sleepdouken!  \morning wood + veil of sheets = dragon tent!"
good night was good!  i got durnkded!
based on a recent comment i made  if you lived in monopoly world what color would your house fall under? i think mine would be a green area 
had a nice evenning 
accidently stabbed myself with a steak knife   it itches more than hurts 
wow 27 hours straight   monster helped  but its crash time  to the bed!
\people\,c55de7384ce2c778558472c7e0d76f6c,"lol someone posted this link   sounds so wrong \http annoyed  www bbc co uk food recipes carrotsglazedwithcum_80467\"""""
jsut got a few free copies of borderlands for pc  anyone got a comp that can run and is willing to play online?  also picked up prototype for pc 
just read the end to full metal alchemist  the end end   not the silly american ending   it was awesome   and sad   and then awesome   then <propmale> *spoiler spoiler spoiler*
a frog just shit on my carpet   no really   a frog just shit on my carpet!
zomg ghost recon future soldier is gonna be 4 player co op!!!!!!!!
yay   found my d&d notes   under the bed   anywho d&d tmrw night will kick ass now   unless we eat at freebirds   then goblins!
worst day of work ever 
ok today made up for yesterday  smile  
can't work two jobs and go to school full time  so good bye silverado   i did enjoy the people and hope to talk to all of you still 
wooooooo borderlands just so happens to be better with more than one player 
i look schnazzy in this uniform 
sigh these graveyard shifts are boring   and how do people sleep during the day?
<rant>i am so sick of people quoting songs as their status   if you feel the urge to do so just use quotations and at the end do the little thing with the hyphen and say who its by  it is so irratating! and no it is not a <propfirst> swift day   it is never her day   she doesn't even have a birthday! < rant>
so i'm reading norse mythology and i think it is teh badass   also loki should not be thors enemy in the comics or in teh movie   loki wasn't even really a badguy 
374 arrows later i just shot down a dragon in 1-2
i think my ps3 is eating my soul 
so yeah bought sc2ce earlier today   played the first 3 missions until i gots all teh achievements for those levels 
sigh  do i purge the colony or defend it against the protoss  i want protoss research but i don't wanna kill the scientisty lady person 
i just read bleach   i just shit enough bricks to make a bridge   to awesometown!
got a 6004 on the ffxiv benchmark high res 
yay! just got my ffxiv beta invite 
the crafting system in ffxiv is both the greatest thing ever and something that makes me want to kill people 
so my bane mask came in today  smile  on a side note i have to get up for school in 3 5 hours   good night peoples 
"2 year anniversary\ is today!"
sigh black ops on veteran has some stupid parts that shouldn't be as hard 
went to bed at 4  woke up at 7 to register for classes   going back to bed  also this is gonna be the hardest semester ever   for crj  im pretty sure calc 3 was harderer
just paid a ticket online   who knew you could do that   also 220 down the drain 
"   almost everyone bailed for webcomic deally in <propfirst>    so now i have to spend time alone   with my girlfriend   dammit \\jk jk"
"please - put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost "
<propfemale> christmas from a fat guy with a beard!   mayhaps it looks like a 5'oclock shadow
i just hit a new low at my job  i received a call from an apartment requesting assistance with an elderly man who had fallen down  what the tenant failed to mention was that this elderly man had fallen off his changing table   i just had to lift a half naked man in his 70s back onto his changing table   fml 
i have 24 rift vip keys to give away  pst me if you are dedicated to gaming enough and have a good pc 
yay i has a free minecraft acct  also i need more ppl for my minecraft server 
woo hoo!! time to drive home from work! lets see if i can pull off a speed run 
yay my 14 hour shift is almost up  then i probably get to do it again tmrw
no more shift   please   so tired   
well tonight was a failure 
"\and sometimes bananas is just plain banana *awkward silence* you know cause they peel\""  never before have i seen such fail spoken aloud in vent """
"me and <propfemale> woman went and saw the adjustment bureau   and liked it! also, i wanna see hanna   because i like sense<propfemale>ss vio<propfemale>nce "
luck stealer is the best manga i've read in awhile 
"is it odd that the highlight of my day was finding out subway now has pepperjack cheese? also, working out makes you feel good   i have arms again "
