5c009d1f9970ad649f0acdd28752b141
is sick  on her birthday 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
mmm   nyquil 
just took my first microcomputing exam    next is my first basic human structure exam  annoyed 
hates car cruises!
hates car cruises in saxonburg when they fall on the one saturday she requested off work!
"sitting in class, learning every detail of microsoft excel 2007   "
memorizing the hotel saxonburg menu   
had a wild time at work tonight  gotta love halloween  smile 
"got out of coding 1 early and is now sitting at home, and exceptionally bored   "
great job to everyone involved in pcs' fall drama! friday night off well spent  smile 
"there is a whole corner of my microcomputing class talking excitedly to one another about the twilight books  how they made them cry, how you get mad at the main character in books 3 and 4, and remember the part where     wow "
"one final down, only three more to go! come on christmas break!!!!!!"
is considerably frustrated  oh the joys of college 
"loves snow, hates cold  if i could have the former without the latter, that would be great "
looks a bit like a chipmunk    
note to self: start looking for a new job     
dark chocolate cocoa + caramel = mmmmmm  smile 
"\never in a debtor's prison?\"" a tale of two cities"""
lasagna time!
watching righteous kill     daddy daughter bonding time  smile 
saw the name dr  watson in someone's status and immediately thought sherlock holmes  nerdy?
so    this 40-degree weather <propfemale> heat wave is making me want summer to be here  really bad 
spent the greater portion of my day cleaning    finally done!
daddy washed my car for me  smile 
the subaru is healed! and clean!
i need    a new job  and more sleep 
"hates in when people leave in the middle of a conversation, but should perhaps take it as a hint that she talks too much   "
so glad tonight's meeting got cancelled   
new job new job new job new job new job     i got a new job  smile 
is officially terrified of driving in the snow  never again 
watchin the superbowl    commercials 
got my phone call from kohls- officially hired!
"snow snow snow    come on, bc3, cancel!"
ncis
another day snowed in    going to force myself to do some homework   
time to shovel some snow   
just made a perfect snow angel  next activity: making valentines!
gettin ready for work at the hotel     annoyed 
can't decide if mardi gras is my least favorite or most favorite holiday   
feels like curling up and reading a good book    go away cold weather!
has to be at kohl's at 6 smile 0 tomorrow  that is 6 smile 0 am 
thunderstorm!
"work at kohl's tonight, then an early morning with addison  this week, the fun never stops!"
done  *hallelujah chorus*
praying for a busier day at the hotel tmrw   
hanson on <propfirst> leno what?! is this the return of mmmbop?
my summer schedule has suddenly just cleared    and i am completely ok with that 
86 hotel saxonburg  sad 
tomorrow i say goodbye to my teenage years- when did i get so     old?!
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone!"
phantomoftheoperaticketsphantomoftheoperaticketsphantomoftheoperatickets     going to see phantom of the opera for my birthday!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"thoroughly enjoying my \official day off\""  why is life always so busy?"""
homemade pumpkin ice cream  smile  perfect end to my weekend 
"can i have yo numba? can i have it? you gorgeous, girl  you involved?     oh walmart, there's a reason i hate shopping in your stores    "
"barnes & <propmale> is a dangerous, dangerous website- it is worse than the actual store!"
it is now officially the holiday season! thats right- i broke out the nsync christmas cd   
elf  smile 
"running on the treadmill or crawling under the stairs for christmas decorations     decisions, decisions   "
decorating!
"wrapping christmas presents, listening to christmas music     best of all, no hotel til after christmas!"
"oh my goodness    pajama jeans    sexy as designer jeans, comfy as elastic-waist sweatpants     and if you call now, free gray tshirt! what a deal  cousins- guess what youre getting for christmas next year!!!"
packing for florida!!!!!!!!!!
"to the ravens fan talking trash on my flight from baltimore to tampa: hahahahahaha      i'm sorry, but i do believe the *steelers* just crushed you  you spoke too soon, my friend  way too soon "
"freezing rain, snow, and frigid temperatures, <propfemale>? really?! way to make me miss ya, lol  think i'll stay in florida for a few more weeks     smile "
"starting the trip home tomorrow      <propfemale>, you better have your act together by the time i get there on sunday  just sayin "
my whole news feed just blew up with steelers!
peeling wallpaper off the family room walls     this is going to take awhile 
"responsible  alcohol  management  program  something tells me it wont be quite as interesting the second time around, but one can hope "
"just got done on the treadmill, now i'm hungry  funny how that works "
just witnessed about 30 seconds of a ke$ha performance  i think i heard my brain cells screaming as they died- or maybe that was just the song 
"i would like to thank my parents, my orthodontist, and my dentist  and the very generous man who liked my smile  thank you very, very much  laugh "
"i don't really understand myself, for i want to do what is right, but i don't do it  instead, i do what i hate \romans 7:15"
"cleaned my room, vacuumed the house, did laundry, made dinner, now learning to crochet    i feel so    domestic "
i  love  <propfirst> <propfemale> 
"7 am, waking up in the morning    its friday, friday   "
here comes the rain! can't wait  i love a good thunderstorm  smile 
jeopardy!
