c96ab6f48fa7789297a14e0398111607
is bored
good day to be!
has a formspring   bring on the hate
awesome day! so awesome i think im going to puke
off to my friends house to distract myself from my life! awesome! hopefully we pwn sum nubs 2nite!
cant keep himself distracted from life x x
adventure time!! yeeeeeeeaaaah!
<---just saved 10000000 kittens from a burning building   all hail da <propfirst>
is going camping for a week! its gonna be awesoooome!
is back! and thanks guys for wishing me a happy b-day
can't wait for 2morrow
durr im <propfirst> i forget to sign out of ms pearsons computer
forgot to sign out of a school computer   and found out that somebody totally made me look like a creeper   greaaat!
i always wondered   how on earth xbox decided what to make their buttons   a  b and x  y    what was the thought process   i mean really   
"i really hate my t a  period, the teacher is really chill and all but there is never anything for me to do  and me being without an ipod   ive got nothin   comp is way to slow to play any stupid flash games    its an hour and a half of pure horror and boredom  "
psat was pretty tasty
yeeeah! juniors got 2nd place in the rally! again! what a surprise!!!!
"ah   back from walden west, didn't sleep all weekend even though i was completely exhausted   call of duty black ops   ah   i love that game already"
i hate my t a  period   
"i'm so sick of kids who think they know what they are talking about, but totally don't, and won't stop even if you prove them wrong   drives me nuts   "
"hey gyus hwos it gniog tdaoy aynbdoy out terhe? i'm so breod    see i bet u guys read that with no problem at all! check out my post, its really strange "
duuuuuuude! this weekend is gonna rock!
gawd there is nothing worse than the stress of highschool    
"back to the basics, first profile picture i ever had  smile "
"so, the first 5 people on my the side-bar of my friends, who will have to be my team for the zombie apocalypse is aryton ostly, <propfirst> kitzmiller, <propmale> barker, pryce turner, and connor doyle   hmm, i think we would survive, good even group there "
harsh   *cry*
"hey, just a warning, if any of you get random links from me in chat, don't click em until your sure i sent it!!!!!!!!"
oh my god jackie   pro-status!
"jeez! i am constantly wishing i was doing walden west again soon, i love that place so much it's ridiculous!"
last drivers training lesson! and i get to drive the instructor up the mountain in the rain!!! what could go wrong???  smile 
wooot! super pumped for wednesday!!!!! i'm going to demolish that drive test!!
"oh my god, they never end   one day jackie    one day!!!"
yay! finally got meh license   now i just need a car   
being sick sucks    
i want to drive!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrr!
i hate the radio   i've heard the song friday 6 times today   
"totally pumped for the rally, i need to make up for a week of poor e playful ression of spirit  tomorrow shall be a day for the record books!"
grrrrrrr! i need more orange!!!!!!!!!!
raaaaaaaaaaaally!!!!!!!!!!
"just saw <propfirst> and rango   <propfirst> was hilarious and tons of fun, rango was good too but not as much   smile "
"saw sucker punch with my little sister, good movie but i don't think i would want to watch it again soon "
my phone is broken   thats really annoying   
i have just hacked your account  love <propfemale> <propfemale> farmer
oh no!!!
i hate when smart people do stupid stuff   and then think its funny   when its not   and it makes a lot of people angry because said person screwed them over 
it is way too hot out   
sat was like the <propfemale> test on steroids with more complicated questions    the 4 more tedious hours of my life  i'm so glad its over!
