c0f8813ef4d82d81cb1e63d072f70719
endless translation~i want an automatic translation pda!!  sad 
"so many security issues on ie, maybe we just all switch to firefox??"
starts the house hunting!!
the entire feet is swelling now  so ugly but it means i am recovering!!  joyful 
zillow--great real estate website  now i need to reset the offer price!! cross my fingers now!
is so happy that i am finally not a limpy anymore! back to normal walking is nice!!!
had a great time this weekend~
is shocked by how much uncle <propfirst> taxed me compare to taiwanese government!!
sucks that feeling tired because of the cold!
"2-week biz trip ended with a successul show in taipei, taiwan!! leaving for nj after 12 hours!"
"2-week biz trip ended with a successul show in taipei, taiwan!! leaving for nj in 7 hours!"
returns to nj just now!
"watched 2012, which is a good movie!"
"looks forward to spend x'mas with brother and sister-in-law in berlin, prague, dresden and more cities in germany!!"
5 days to berlin! ya!
is sooooo ready for the x'mas vacation in berlin! 3 more days to go!!  laugh 
i will be in berlin after 36 hours!!  laugh 
can't believe my 13-day european x'mas vacation is right at the corner!! ya!!
"after stucked in london airport for 7 hours, fnally arrive berlin! so exhausted!"
let's donate to poor haitians: http annoyed  www facebook com pages haitian-earthquake-relief 288681741232
had a great time this weekend meeting new friends! but not too fun working for pr plan on sunday!
realize that i am actually very young looking at friend's 80's picture!  smile 
facebook quiz said i am the coolest girl ever    i really like that  lol
didn't know that my moto phone is a real toxic problem until now~~what luck!!
is surprised that so many companies are looking for marcom manager   busy with interviews  wish me luck!
"choosing, waiting and thinking     troubled "
finally decides where to work  what a tough decision! thanks for the professional hr advices  may 24 reports on board for new company!!
very grateful for what i have in life  supportive family+great friends+given luck on job hunting+ live in taiwan~~
"iron man ii, better than the first one   smile "
made a huge investment today~hopefully this is a right decision  praying~~
5 24 novartis on board as corporate communication manager  hopefully new job goes smoothly!
can't believe how busy i was on the first onboard day!!
"so many coworkers in this new company-novartis, have buddha-like kind hearts!"
"too much to remember, i need a bigger memory and a better cpu in my brain!!  troubled "
"2nd week, already got 2 pr crisis to handle~~what a work  need a bigger brain!!"
be myself!!
thank you all for all the sweet b-day blessing!! i am lucky to have all of your warm friendship!!
"today, pharmaceutical journalists said i look like a pr from fashion industry after high-tech journalist said the same 2 years ago  i wonder why?"
"happy dragon festival to everyone! also, is anyone interested in going to egypt with me?"
"sometimes, silence is gold  better to stay quiet than e playful laining  truth will reveal itself in time~"
miss working in the u s a  true work-life balance!
the heat in taipei is killing me!!
<propfemale> is inviting me to their j12 launch party on aug 7th!!
is going to <propfemale> j12 vip party this saturday!! dress code: ocean blue  wave white and anchor black    smile 
not easy to be a good pr in pharmaceutical industry in taiwan !!  troubled 
spent too much money lately  need to start saving money from now on!!
my phone is acting weird again  is it htc's problem? or fet? or i am simply becoming a target for the thief group (?????)
why can some people be so mean?? make me sooo mad to almost cry!!
very happy that finally found the hacker and stopped all the harrassement  it's so nice to have friends work in the defense dept  of united states and homeland security dept  thank you my friends 
leave or stay on fb? that is the question 
going to usa  wish me luck!
doesn't feel like going to work tomorrow at all!  smile 
i am learning to forgive!!
humen beings always want what they don't have   
"happy birthday, taiwan!!"
a busy week is waiting ahead  already got plans for almost every evening and the whole weekend!
"3 working days left in novartis, gonna miss coworkers here; 9 days left in taiwan, gonna miss everything~~"
is loving my new htc <propfemale>!!
so tired of my allergic chronic bronchitis  sick of hard cough  does anyone know good lung doctor??
is ready for new challenge starting from next week!!
shared my traveling pictures on the website link  check it out when you like it ^^
?????????????????????~
will be in a place where blocks facebook!!
"was recognized as hkness in shanghai     okay, i am singaporness in beijing, hkness in shanghai, just never taiwanese  why?  troubled "
"does anyone have good suggestions on how to manage an almost 50 years old, white american staff??"
living like a vampire again please don't call me by 12pm! ><
having a much better impression about connecticut's roads and scenes than new jersey's by far  hope to keep it that way!
forgot how cold it can become in winter here  ct is even colder than nj~ geez!!  troubled 
people in connecticut and alaska are really really nice!!
has been sick almost one week  i hate being so sick!!
"left half body is like handicapped  (left wisdom toothache, left twisted finger and left stuffed ear)  also, lost my favorite earring of left side!!"
"left side body suddenly get recovered completely  i think it must be the cold cold cold weather here! so cold!!coworkers said the winter even haven't really started  coldest time is in <propfirst> and feb  oh, my god!!  troubled "
wish you all have a wonderful x'mas my dear friends!!
"don't click the yourname@facebook com, it is a spam post!"
wish all my friends and dearest family a happy new year and a great start of 2011!!
don't feel like going back to usa regardless i have received my working visa   sad 
i don't look forward to the trip away from taiwan after march 1st at all     troubled 
"???????????,???????,?????????? ????????????!???????????????!!\\???????,??????,????????!\(????????~???????????!!!!)???"
i can not believe it is snowing today!! it is almost april!!
"???????!!!\\????? ???????,???????????\??\ ??? \""?????\"" \""\",c0f8813ef4d82d81cb1e63d072f70719,"after seeing so many food pictures from taiwan, god, i can't wait returning to taiwan having all the food!! i miss taiwan's food!!  troubled "
got new phone from verizon!
"i am soooooo sick of the cold weather here  it is still 0-3 degree and it is april!!  i miss taiwan, i miss taipei!!  troubled  ????!!!"
things happen for a reason  i believe life will turn out the way it should be eventually  keep being positive!  joyful 
i changed my password again! it sucks that my laptop was hacked! troubled 
"connecticut is such a disciplined state  people are generally nice and polite, state government has specific protocal to run the process  pain in the ass but i think it's necessary to keep everyone who lives in ct safe "
"after having android phones, decide to buy an ipad 2, so i can have both good applications in hands! (ipad 2 is just so pretty and thin)"
"saw a friend's photo of taiwan beer with stinky tofu, makes me so homesick i miss taipei, i miss taiwan   sad  look forward to my trip back home in the end of may!!"
i am so looking forward to getting my ipad 2 white!! anxiously!!
what a nice day today! spring is finally here!
i can't believe it is raining again!! after a nice <propfemale> day  is spring really like a woman when she is angry? unpredictable and makes no sense??
so looking forward to this weekend! nice day and nice events in planned 
enjoying my white ipad2!
ipad2 is no doubt 'the' tablet in the marker i'm addicted to it!!
"so addicted to the game \angry birds\"" recently      troubled """
enjoyed my afternoon at the beach!
