9a019675f67bed252995a5d3c29fce75
"<propfirst> 1:17 every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the father    is a reminder that promotions and blessings come straight from our god, who is good   life is a trail of trials to build our faith, and when we pass those tests, he and h"
"| my birthday wish   to spend my days praising god for this life to <propfemale> my cross and still be able to share his word and his truth - that is true grace in jesus' name i praise you lord god i hear your commands and though i am weak,may i become worthy in your sight to fulfill them this year <propmale> me strength,continually fill me with your holy spirit,and in your mercy hear my prayers to you alone be the glory amen "
"peace out 2010   make way for 2011  prayers for all of you for a blessed, and prosperous year ahead  it's gonna be goooood! be safe tonight, y'all   smile "
"| thai tea boba is a good thing, especially when vegas heat is slowly emerging   winter is finally over!!!  smile "
| not a bad day at all  smile 
| have an amazing and blessed week everyone!  smile 
 smile 
"| is it graduation week? whoever's graduating, congratulations   promotions, a new job, a new house, a new friend   life-changing moments like these come from the lord god alone, and he alone is worth acknowledging and praising   smile "
"| you win some, you lose some   just gotta count your blessings and keep goin'  god, <propmale> me strength!  smile "
| <propfemale> white on snl   this will be good 
"| happy mother's day to every mom out there  god bless and guide your way  to my mom, the best of 'em all, i love you and thank you for all you do "
"| follow one's heart? decisions, decisions, hmmm  god <propmale> me the serenity to accept that which is out of my hands   let your will, not mine be done "
michigan 
"| i go to work at 10 surprise 0am today  it's going to be a crazy friday afternoon, but it's so nice to sleeeeeep in for once and just chill in the morning!!! have an amazing day, everyone!  smile  tgif"
| so my friend text me today that i'm going to be a groomsman at his wedding   awesome!
| <propfemale> on a idol    cool
is on our way to san diego   my first time coming from vegas  the drive seems longer! (as opp to going home to la)
|my last night in sdiego  it was nice to catch up with my family here but i am sure lookin forward to returning home to vegas   back to the usual! good night!
"is finally back in las vegas  we all know how much i love being in california, but i also very much like being in my own place of comfort, sleeping in my own bed, and eating out of my own fridge   back to reality! (but not before a fun get-together with my favorite vegas peeps memorial day afternoon!)   smile "
"they're installing hidef flats,dvd and dish network in our breakroom     one more reason to love my job! lol  smile "
had fun at the lorenzi park las vegas filipino festival today with <propfirst> and little kyla   it was sooo hot though! 107 degrees  got to spend some quality time with my cousin later in the day too  smile 
"| \rebel without a cause\"" playing on amc   classic """
"is bustin' out the vhs tapes and watching old videos of my alemany graduation, lmu pcns, etc   oh, this should be interesting! lol"
"went to target today to get one thing, then i end up with a second thing  (if i would have stayed another minute, there'd be a third thing)   happens every time "
"| busy weekend ahead starting tomorrow friday night with workers' appreciation dinner @ church, then on saturday work, then an appointment, popoovich's baby shower; and finally church on sunday    just love the full calendar!  smile "
| my car's thermometer reads 112 degrees outside  hot 
| two <propmale> impersonators came to the bank    it's vegas  lol
"happy independence day!!! god bless our country   attention sw las vegas, pick up your 4th of july fireworks! please support my church; they're selling the goods on s rainbow   windmill @ the sinclair gas station  booth is open til midnight  see you there!"
is officially a las vegas southwest-erner as of today   smile  praise god for his blessing and grace 
"| it's sooo hot in vegas! ac 24 7 and i want some halo-halo, lol "
"| 100 6 degrees outside according to weatherbug com, and it's 10:45pm   i wonder if i can just jump into a pool of ice and stay there "
| iphone4 users   is this antenna dropped-call issue a big deal?
"is finally done moving as of tomorrow   smile  you'd be amazed how much stuff can fit into an acura tsx, lol  got it done in 2 weeks "
"finally on vacation (for 1 week), finally finished moving, and finally i have my iphone   woohoo!"
"| back to work tomorrow   to be honest, being on vacation (for a whole week) is more tiring (than being in a regular routine), so i'm actually looking forward to it, harhar !  smile "
"| looking back on good times is nice, but living in the present and looking forward to the future is so much more worth one's time  live and learn "
"| i am blessed knowing that even in the \bad days\"" there are good people with me on a daily basis that are going thru the same that i am and who are supportive of each other   wink  wsr (;"""
iheartradio     my favorite iphone app of them all 
my friend and sister in christ <propfemale> joy daya is graduating in nursing from the university of <propfemale> las vegas  love ya <propfemale>! congrats!!!
"you (i) have to make the most of what god gives you(me) today, and it's up to only you (me) to seek happiness in every possible way no matter the circumstance  \perserverance must finish its work    \"" have a great day everybody!!!"""
thank you to all those who greeted me on my birthday! truly you are a blessing in a profound way!
"today was a better day than yesterday  got to meet the bigwig execs and our team showed them our best  positive attitude is basic key to success, the next is a think outside the box m o , a go get'em persistance and a level of consistency!"
charice pempengko on glee   freakin cool  lol i don't even watch this show but happened to flip channels to it (parden the pun) 
at caesar's palace celebratin my friend's last weekend as a bachelor   wish him all the best!
so i hear it's actually hotter in l a  than in vegas 
"gettin ready for my fun weekend!!! partyin with the best friend and the fam friday for a vegas birthday bash, <propmale> & edessa's wedding in l a  on saturday, then some family time with my ate (big sis) in the valley on sunday after i spend time in worship at shepherd of hills  felt nostalgic and burnt a cd (yes i still burn cds!) check out my playlist    oldies but goodies "
i've been waiting to say this all month:  wake up everybody! september ended  lol
"today: church, then sunday afternoon movie fun with the wells fargo coworkers!"
"this is i love mysister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped yourtears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered youon and kept you strong (or something along these lines) copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend   forever!    re-post    if    you have an amazing sister! (yes, i have 2 of them!)"
tgif
"have a happy, productive week everybody  g'night "
is looking forward to halloween costume day at our office this friday (spent all day today making mine!)   come check out our awesome costumes! (visit wells fargo bank on warm springs   rainbow - las vegas)
"i'm going to the doctor, dentist, and optometrist all in one day (my day off tomorrow)   i just love (and i'm thankful) to be employed and insured   smile "
kik: steviegissuper
"i'm missing dancing w the stars, so i'm going downstairs and making some halo-halo and yeah    sit there and watch "
"i'm thankful for his grace and mercy, for blessing me with this life, for giving me the strength daily to perservere through the hard times, and even for those moments to celebrate the good times  i'm thankful for you, because my life somehow was blessed through our knowing each other! happy thanksgiving! time to eat! bye for now "
"cds are burned (for the drive), books are ready (for my starbucks sessions)  all that's left to do is pack and get through 2 more days at the office, then it's 5 days away from las vegas to my beloved sf valley for my last vacation of 2010! (until march of next year!)"
(702) 868 4463 save it  call it  share it  thanks! finishing off 2010 huge  ready for 2011!  smile  current mood: determined and focused  let's do this!!!
sleepy   lazy sunday morning   thanks to the cold weather!
ochocientos veintitrés
"it's 6 surprise 0am  happy sunday  i'm really hungry this morning and i am craving to eat strawberry frosted pop-tarts, some hot chocolate and a glass of orange juice  ps please read my previous post, lol "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
"just woke up from the most interesting dream  i very much knew that i was dreaming, but i so much wished it was real too  back to sleep, bye!"
"it was one of the most hellish work-weeks in months  got through it, thank god, and now on to 3 days of pure rest and relaxation  i'm still hoping that dreams come true "
8:23
two things i heard from my friends about relationships (see below) are really making me think!
"just finished out a better work-week than last    praise you god for your strength and protection! prayer does pay off! now at the 5 surprise 0pm service at sothc via www callonjesus com   www theshepherd org  check it out!  (also 6 smile 0pm, and sundays 8 smile 0, 10 surprise 0, 11 smile 0, 6 smile 0)"
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  (<propfirst> 10 smile 3) this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!"
just saw the commercial for the iphone4 for verizon!!! i can't wait to get one for my mom!
"you get out of your life the same that you are willing to offer it  i may not always have the best day, but i'm sure gonna be at my very best   can't stop, won't stop  father, god, thank you  keep me strong!  smile "
"i have learned to be content whatever the circumstances  i know what it is to be in need, and i know what it is to have plenty  i have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want  i can do all this through him who gives me strength  philippians 4:11-13"
"i get to sleep in an hour tomorrow morning, so i'm gna get started  good night!"
"stonefire grill for dinner tomorrow  smile  valley, see you soon!"
"just thinking about a conversation i was having today: honest intentions meet poweful results  one's character, words, and actions are of equal measure  | a tree is known by its fruit   a good man brings good things out of the good stored up in his heart, and an evil man brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his heart  for the mouth speaks what the heart is full of  <propmale> 6:44-45"
i have the sweetest aunt! (auntie <propfemale>)  she attended an <propfirst> clapton concert last night and today smsed me audiobit recordings to my iphone so i can hear it  thanks!  smile 
happy sunday!  smile 
"g-funk, where rhythm is life, and life is rhythm "
congratulations to <propfirst> and <propfemale> on their engagement!  smile 
"if anyone from the valley is driving to vegas right now, could you bring me a large pan crust pepperoni'n'sausage from numero uno?  i'm really cravin' right now, lol!"
"10 hour day tomorrow   so, good night!"
"god is so good, all the time! just got the word today that my promotion is finally official!!!  smile  thanks to my family, friends and co-workers for your continued prayers and support! i am a personal banker at wells fargo  contact me for any financial needs you may have   (702)868-4463 office | (81 smile 674-9888 cell"
