f99d2e00792ad8dbcc0e8b76260f6656
is glad she finally got on here    smile 
"was going to the glass museum in tacoma, but no longer   sad "
is at manchester w  kilah
is finally going to seattle tomorrow   but probably no shopping   meh  at least we fet to go to szechwan! i probably didn't spell that right   
"is in seattle! ahh, civilization   "
is attempting to socialize   bear with me   
is going to bed now!
is going to silverwood park in idaho   hopefully i can get on while i'm there   
almost spent the night at the hospital where her great grandma passed away last night at 99  sad  i will miss her!
is watching <propfirst> bourdain and drooling   
-great  just great 
is going craaazy! anyone want to come??
is <propfemale> glad she has nothing to do today! time for some painting  laugh 
-no school tomorrow and a movie at the grand theater with <propmale> hirsch  sounds good to me 
is vegetating in her attic abode at <propfirst>'s  will be back at school tomorrow   
is now indulging in some delicious pudding 
cannot breathe out of her nose suddenly 
cared the hell out of that park today  i have sore hands now   in seattle though!
got up waay too early today   
really wants to bake a cake for some reason!
"made a scene after she missed the bus home, but had a good day otherwise   "
-this week is so long   tgif (almost) 
had a more or less lovely 2nd half of the day 
was having a good day  but now it's ruined!!!!  laugh 
is thirsty and tired  goodnight  smile 
just decided to do the rough draft for that humanities paper   where to start   
is really cold and kind of wants to go to sleep but is not tired enough   
is glad this stressful week is over     smile 
is going to see something at the film festival tonight!
-super bored
finished all her math homework (for once!)!
has a crapload of homework to do right now  
d:
"is feelin' lovely  good day, things to look forward to and just a bit of homework to finish  only one other thing could make me feel perfect    !"
"would really love to rant about this piece-of-crap, sorry excuse for a town she lives in right now!!!!!"
"had an uncomfortable, confusing, disappointing day "
"-if you don't like it, then just don't comment on it  monday needs to come faster   "
"-wow, saturday is already almost over!"
is planning to have a productive day of doing her homework and making a cake  smile 
might be getting sick     sad 
finished the brochure without too much trouble  woot   smile 
's brain is getting screwed up because it's getting dark so early suddenly!  surprise   daylight savings is on saturdaaaay 
hopes to spend halloween in capitol hill  yeah yeah 
has realized how quickly things changed after being the way they were for so long   life feels kind of surreal right now 
-just learned that there are more <propfemale> in new york city than in dublin and more italians than in rome  doesn't that blow your mind????
"holy shizzles, it's almost friday  where did the week go???"
's hands are shaking uncontrollably for some reason  ahh!!
wishes she had gone to lord of the dance with <propfemale> because apparently a certain beautiful man was magically there 
michelangelo is coming to the seattle <propmale> museum!!!!  laugh 
got her midterms and has all a's and a b  who knew? this week will be a dandy one  i love everybody  adios 
"secret spies from <propfemale> try to steal your mind's elation, a little girl from sweden dreams of silver screen quotation  and if you want these kind of dreams it's californication "
ugh  i can't find my tablet pen  i think i'm screwed   
"really?! was that last math assignment's sole purpose to give me carpel tunnel? because those stupid theorems that took an hour to write are not helping me  i'm trying to find out if <propfemale> 4 and <propfemale> 7 are congruent, not supplementary!!! is that the same thing or something? i don't know, why isn't any homework that is helpful ever assigned? all i know is that geometry is useless and needs to go away "
"is not looking forward to tomorrow  sorry everybody, i've already checked out for the break    which could come a little faster, by the way "
is ready for a lazy day  laugh 
-stupid football  it's making me bored  playful  haha
is hungry now  goodbye 
thinks <propmale> is a weirdoooo!
noo! school on monday! i'm going into denial 
-yes! i think i found a couple of good tye-dye shirts! (at last!)  laugh  i'm very tired now 
"was the finest man in all of new york city  and as he strutted through central park, his lovely-ass scent filled the noses of everyone around and they sighed, not quite able to keep their eyes off of him  (<propfemale>, i just found this and i am loling   love  u)"
is going to go craft some comb sheaths!
-one more week!!!!!
"oh my god, three more annotations! i feel like my hands are going to fall off!!"
"-grr, it's still only tuesday   go faster, week!"
i effed up my laptop  bad  and dance class is stressing me out majorly  kill me please   sad 
"-stupid taco <propfemale>, getting my order wrong  well, the rest of the day was fun  and  sleeping in tomorrow has me all excited!!!  laugh "
-was just presented with a new awesome digital camera!!!!!  laugh 
"san <propfemale> rocks!!! having a great week, i'm so moving here  of to see a dance show  smile "
-leaving tonight  sad   but this was an awesome trip! hopefully we can hit chinatown to buy knick knacks today lol 
back in warrshington     
wants some ham 
grr  a little frustrated at the moment 
omg it's christmas <propfemale> 
-one last week  sad 
i don't want to go to bed but i should 
just had hamburger helper!
"-crap  i have a little bit of a sore throat   sad   please go away, sore throat "
has to volunteer at the interviews tomorrow! is anyone else??
blonde
weird 
<propfemale> griffin friday!  laugh 
-fixed schedule=major relief 
getting my permit tomorrow (at last)  smile 
cake and a new sims game  it's a good night 
space luge is also canceled 
finally posted a bunch of pictures   
summer and all its warmth and happiness is nearing 
"whew, nearly friday already  how the time flies when you have a million things happening at once  crazy!"
today was quite wonderful 
ugh  my dumb artistic response is not turning out  i hate magic markers!
"is not looking forward to having 2 thursdays  oh well, keep on truckin' "
exhausted 
nevermind  i'm just going to bed  night  laugh 
"i really should stop procrastinating, but i have no idea what the krebs cycle is and looking it up is way too much effort "
i want to see fiddler on the roof today    badly   
on facebook on the wii!
fun day at folklife with addies!!!
"that's it, everyone! no more homework, white papers, trudging to class through the rain and getting up at the crack of <propfemale>! it was still an great year, but i am definitely ready for summer  smile "
tell me somethin' good
"aka \citizen snips\""!!! futurama is making a comeback june 24th!!  laugh """
going to targetttt!
"rawr!!! even when i think i'm getting organized, i can never find anything!!! ever!!!  sad "
yes! i love it when my computer is nice to me and works!!
bored  i want the new sims 3 game  smile 
i can't believe the weather is still crappy!!  sad 
i love my daddy!
"ahhh, a day alone for once  smile  the breakfast club is an interesting movie   "
had a great b-day!  laugh  thanks to everyone who wrote on my wall   love 
went to pride fest  going to go wash the bubble soap out of my eyes now  smile 
my computer is sort of broken again  but this time it's not my fault at least!!  laugh 
i miss everybody  sad 
teeth are killlllinnngggg meeee  > sad 
camping tomorrow for like a week  gonna be awesome!  laugh  i think i'll be able to text   
potstickers
crazy
the color purple
my cat has an eye infection!!! d:
i forgot to check out the meteors last night!! > sad 
"going to hawaii in 2 days, and after over 2 years, i finally have a real house! life is good "
   so does anyone know what the unidentified aircraft that stirred up this commotion actually was??
stepped on a freaking sea urchine  you don't want to know the remedy 
disaster date on mtv  haha 
urrrgghhh   
2 more days in hawaii  sad   but camp next week!  smile 
i have hbo now ond demand now! six feet under is awesome 
 laugh 
"r i p  <propfemale> drake  2010- last night, when i accidentally killed her because she was a cheaply made, purple, grape-smelly <propfemale> from <propfemale> "
i litterally do not have time to finish all this illustration homework!!! how does <propfemale> e playful ect me to just whip out all this stuff she assigns in 2 days? rawr!
going to the dentist rocks  got me a new toothbrush  wink 
i  love  pho
went for a bike ride  feels great to get some excercise!
t g i f 
"just saw \the social network\""  facebook has become that much more fascinating """
"i wish there was a clean, simple way of letting people know how you feel "
you pop that gum one more time     
"i could use some ritalin right about      oh yeah, now "
awesome weekend!!! doing math homework   back to reality   
friday will be fun
just <propfemale> danced for the first time in about 50 million years  i realized i had forgotten about 70% of the steps (not good!) 
"how had i not seen \a very potter musical\"" until now? amazing!"""
toured cwu today  i'm already excited for college 
it's all becoming perfectly clear
"loca, loca, loca!"
i like ice cream blizzards better than snow ones that knock your power out
got a dandy little car today
that happiness project has made me so unhappy  was i the only one who thought it was the final and did it wrong?
not digging the new facebook look 
i would have so much fun if i had a camouflage ghillie suit   
"my god, tomorrow is christmas  i got a gps  smile  now i will drive to <propfemale> "
getting my lisence right nowwww  i'm rollin' 
"had a lovely day watching chicago and mean girls with lexa, <propfemale> beller and mocha  laugh "
buying gasoline is depressing 
"\somebody help! baby assaulter!\"" \""hey you! go assault your own baby!\""  haha  spongebob is so <propmale> """
i  love  <propfemale> lima
"there is this hilarious public hygiene announcement on the radio with a jingle that goes \wash-your-hands-ington!\"" *clap clap*  what is wrong with our state?"""
"funniest weekend ever  i  love  my ladies, lexa malfoy-hospenthal and <propfemale> beller "
uhhhh   i just found a pikachu band-aid in my purse 
looking forward to a brighter week (and french quesadillas!)
