1b6ef4af42241b6482addf4ade32e7d4
am so sick of homework
just finished swimming 
its way to hot  i'm going swimming after dinner
babysitting <propmale>  were watching the <propfemale> clause
im tired  but i refuse to go to bed  how stubborn am i
moms at the hospital getting stitches
my birthday is tomorrow! going to disneyland with cecili and <propfemale>
trying to finish my summer homework
school starts tomarrow  thank god im almost done with my homework 
done with my homework  and ready for school tomorrow
schools finally started  luckly i have a lot of nice teachers this year
how does he know me? we didn't have any classes together last year  i know how i know him but how does he know me?
going to go to the football game
were awesome! lakewood won the game  2 surprise  
yay! i get to go to the angel game tomorrow
going to lobster fest later
"watching the best of will ferrel for like the 20th time with cec, chey and syd  \you  me  staring contest  now!\"""""
ugh  school is so stressful 
just had some yummy pancakes <propfirst> made for me and cec
im so oissed off right now  my counselor changed my schedule without even speaking to me  im glad that im in a higher dance class  but its not worth it it i am now stuck in a class i dont want to be in
"schools hard, life's complicated and the fun times are over   "
going to the football game! im so excited  we are so going to whip poly's butt this year  lets go lancers!
lakewood won last night! 21-14  this is the first time we beat poly since 1982  go lakwood!
yay! im so happy! well not that happy but ive gone into the final stage of my voluenteer thing at the aquarium  all i have left is my interview  lets hope i do good!
going to go to knotts scary farm tonight with my friends!
im so happy  my interview and everything is finally over  now i just have to wait till saturday to see if i made it  everyone wish me luck 
homecoming week!! finally! i hate being the last school to have homecoming  oh well     of to the movies with mom 
my weekend is ruined    im not even in the mood to go to the homecoming game  i just want to sit in a corner and cry 
happy halloween everyone!
found out i start my voulenteering at the aquarium on the 5th of december 
way to early for me to be up 
giving the dog a good'ol bath
at cecs house  im so scared to see what i got on my test today  i believe did well though being that i studied at lunch 
me and my mom are currently looking at the cif brakets  we're trying to figure out who is going to win who  we know we're going to win the first round 
im up for work  and suprisingly im awake too 
off work  and getting ready to go to the bonfire at joshs   lets hope that the pride dosent drive me insane
does anyone know the score to the game? i couldnt go
watching chey fail at super <propfirst> galaxy  oh! and it is so pretty at cec's house  we decorated for christmas and we bought the christmas tree today! smells like christmas!!!
watching the game!!! go wood!!
just saw rent at the carpenter center  it was very good
im so excited! i love what i am going to wear tonight
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope your day is <propfemale> and full of joy
got my ipod for christmas  now im watching itunes install very slowly
dying of boredom! this is when i love school  i get to see all my friends  well most of them at least
oh my gosh! i just found my long lost best friend i havent seen years! actually she found me! im freaking out right now
i lost weight! i lost 6 pounds yet i havent worked out over vacation and have been eating junk food! how is that possible?
i have rent songs stuck in my head!
watching sesame street with <propmale>! i miss being little 
bored as can be sitting at home  anyone want to go do something before it rains?
glee won best tv series for comedy or musical! and the hangover won best comedy! yes!
i failed my chemistry final! i so want to cry right now  how can i fail if i studied for 4 hours the night before and had a flash card  i'm afraid of mom right now 
talking to my friend <propmale> while brothers shoot me with dart guns
of to go see sweeney tood with my brother  why is it that no one wants to see it with me? even tosh was like i dont care
sweeney <propmale> was good  the musical e playful lained way more than the movie did 
time for work  ready for an exciting day at the aquarium
watching the big game!!
im so bored! there is no one to talk to and im home by myself when i could be at my friends house  stupid me
tried out for the school musical today  hope i made it  everyone pray i made it into chorus!
stuck on my volunteen project thats due tomorrow
to many things to do  i have musical stuff i have to do and now i want to tryout for cheer  i dont want to tell sr  seimsen  he's scary! so what to do?    
at home sick  i have an extreme headache  on the plus my throat dosent hurt that much anymore
dance concert tonight!!! for anyone who wants to go its at lakewood's auditorium at 7 and it is $7 to get in
off to bancroft's open house
going to <propfirst>'s birthday party
waiting to go to cecili's house  if i ever get to go   
just copied all the ap outlines because im an idiot who threw them away  but hey i didnt know i needed them because i definatly never used them  know i have them all  what a great waste of paper 
kick-ass fits its title  it was totally kick ass!
"opening night!! beauty and the beast opens tonight! it starts at 7pm and tickets are on sale for $8 50  it will also be playing tomorrow, the 30th and the 1st   hope everyone can make it!"
another night of the musical  though tonight is going to be the most nerve racking for me 
todays assemblies went okay  tomorrow is going to be fun though  i love little kids!
last night of the musical!! im going to be crying tonight  ive made so many new friends that i am going to miss after this  i love everyone in the cast!!  also if you haven't seen the musical don't miss the last night  i promise you wont regret it  the show starts at 7pm  general admission is $8 50 and kids are $6  children dressed up tonight as princesses or princes get tiaras or a mask   dont miss it!!
walking home and then going to the movies to meet up with some friends
my ap world history test is tomorrow!!! everyone wish me luck! and i wish luck to everyone who is taking or has already taken an ap test in these two weeks
everyone please vote for me for <propmale> class president!
hey everyone tomorrow is the last day to vote  remeber to vote for me for <propmale> class president at nutrition or lunch!!
tomorrow is the last day to vote  please go vote for me for <propmale> class president!!
there is a for sale sign in front of my house! the weird thing is its way taller than me 
just got home  grrr    dad needs to pay my phone <propmale>! and someone please save me tomorrow from 6 screaming little boys    please 
someone save me! i dont want to go to <propfirst> and kalana's and have 6 screaming kids running around
stupid tosh  he just had to stay home with me    now im not allowed to go to a freinds house if i wanted to  damn 
im 40 years old now    hahaha  im just kidding 
no chemistry quiz tomorrow!!! mr  d told me he was to tired to make a quiz after i told him that almost no one understood his worksheet today 
typing my english essay  why does there have to be a 150+ words in each paragraph? anyone remember the good old days when a paragraph was 3-5 sentences? good times   
so irritated by the fact that i cant go to lauras house even though all my friends are over there  now im stuck in the boredom of hell
so happy to find out <propfemale> has my books  i should really keep better track of them
need to study! so im going to use tv and a snack as motivation! to the books!!!!
"i'll be a follower since this sounds like fun\\if you like this status, i will post on your \wall something i like about you  copy this to your status, if you're up \to the challenge "
am i ready for tomorrow? hmmm     hell i dont know  i guess ill find that out 
"lakers won! i told you haters they would win tonight, and they did  so =p"
i probably should have gone to the pops concert like i planned    oh well  to all my friends in the concert i know you did great!
cecili fell asleep outside  i knew i shouldnt have left her out there 
moms all excited because tosh got into summit  yay! i guess   
lakers won!! yes!!!
i miss the days when we were all friends  now i look back and it feels like our friendship never existed
my brain hurts from studying for chem! ughh    now im watching the laker game  lets go lakers!!!!!
god of war 3!!! hell yes!
pool party!
just got back from the party  it was so much fun! though i am not sure what to think
lets go lakers!!!
damn artest!
i want to go to the beach! lets make plans to go this summer!! who wants to go???
"most people say im pretty and usually i think im pretty too when i look in the mirror  but, why do i look ugly in all of my pictures or on video  technology has cursed me to be ugly!"
im confused  what am i doing tomorrow exactly? people all want me to do different things
lakers won!!! i told you haters out there they would   wooo lakers!!!!!
talking with a friend i havent talked to in a long time 
"guys, they are just so full of suprises   good and bad "
dying to go play videogames 
i dont get why the hell he has to bring up what happened a damn hour ago  so i left the damn bag in the freakin car  get over it! and hell yeah i have an attitude because your bringing up something that already happen and just causing drama  damn i thought you were the adult 
my phone isnt working  it should be working by tomorrow or wenesday  if you need to talk to me call my house phone or txt me and ill call you 
damnit <propmale>! you woke up <propmale>  and now i have to watch him 
glowstick fight! hahaha  <propfemale>'s party last night was awesome 
miranda's been hacked!!!!!
i saw toy story  it was so cute! i was crying at the end  <propmale> and spanish buzz are my favorite 
"everyone watch out! the twi-tards have attacked the towne center! \but seriously i hate the fact that i read the damn books way before they created the damn movie and now everyone loves it just because of the movies! it irritates the crap out of me that the fans make it a big deal  everyone knows <propfemale> chooses <propfirst>  end of the hype "
"that conversation keeps running through my mind  i want it to stop, but in a way i did enjoy that conversation  opened my eyes a bit, suprised me"
yay! im going to anime e playful o! im going as jirachi! thank you mommy
ahhhhhh! no! mom's packing already! im not ready to pack all my stuff into boxes and move 
i believe i have everything ready for anime e playful o! yay! im so excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!
"so im finally back from anime e playful o  the funniest most annoying thing that happened (like 5 or 6 times) was whenever we sat down ,no matter where we were, the same guy would come up to us and say \you're going to have to move  you're a fire hazard \"" so the minute we got to courtneys i laid on the floor and said \""am i a fire hazard?!\""  we all started laughing """
all i ask of my heart is to not fall for someone who dosent like me back  but so far its not working   and im afraid i might be falling again 
"time to go to the block party  \and my house smells delicious! my moms making apple pie and damn its making me hungy  i just realised i have eaten all day, thats not good "
i have will power! i had a whole table of sweets in front of me and i didn't eat any of it  yes! the block party was boring though  there was no one my age  now i'm with cec watching the hangover!
"me: last i checked you liked a guy whos name started with a *  and thats not him\cec: yeah but if i close my imagine i can pretend"
"the party was awesome! but now i have this lasting feeling of regret, i hope i didn't do anything wrong "
"cec is happy netherlands won  we were watching the last 20 minutes of the game  but im having trouble being happy, i cant erase things from my mind  its going to take awhile   "
"we live in a guys world  cant live with them, cant live without them "
i feel like dancing! turn up the music
is there anyone who might want to go see 1776 with me on sunday? i have an extra ticket 
"my 7 year old brother just called himself a \babe magnet\"""""
im up way to early! oh well off to the mall movies with my mom
i got my ap test score today  and i didnt do bad! yay!!
"i took a long nap after 'work' today  on the funny side i think my day captain thinks me and my friend <propmale> are going out  thanks a lot <propmale>, great first impression on my new 'boss'"
turns out im the babysitter tonight  not much babysitting though if the babys already asleep  yay!
"me and my mom almost got in a fight in the parking lot against this fucking pshyco ass lady who was obviously on drugs  she said she was going to kill me and my mom  well fucking bitch how about i beat your fat ass up and then see whos going to kill who  (excuse my language im pissed off right now, and shaking a bit)"
grandma's house! yay!
i beat god of war 3!
"she plays guys like a guitar, pulls their strings till they break  then moves on to the next guy to sink her claws into   she gets every guy she wants but hurts them all the same  yet the rest of us girls sit here and wait "
"cec sits down, batman runs away\cop: who was that man?\cec: your mom!\me: i told you you wanted to watch batman with me\cec: i love batman!\me: see! i told you "
"volunteering at the aquarium today was fun   i enjoyed walking to the lighthouse with <propmale> and barrington  oh and barrington and <propmale>, it is a bromance!"
first day of camp was fun!
im up way to early  day 2 of camp!
i just learned how to become a millionaire!
uncontrolable laughter alert!
i have bad <propfemale>  but we're going on a scavenger hunt!
"when my emotions finally go away i think ill be okay  for now, i just need to be a big girl "
decided im going to the party  id feel bad if i didnt go 
the party was great  im glad i went  though why is it im fine and happy at the party but the minute i get home i feel like im breaking down again 
laughing always makes me happy!
that response always makes me scared  one day im afraid i wont get a response at all 
tortilla! they make me a very happy chica 
i moved boxes around for almost twelve hours today  anyone want to help me unpack my room tomorrow?
will i ever find the guy i should be with?
i love when life suprises you and finally starts going good 
gays can get married in california again!! yay!!!
i saw the hottest asian today at the aquarium! and he works there with me  jelli wouldve killed me to see him   laugh 
knott's tomorrow!
off to knotts!
i just saw <propfirst> at knotts! better yet in camp snoopy!  that suprised the hell outta me 
"i love all my friends! the old, the new, and the crazies!"
never accuse me of something i didnt do  because you better believe ill defend myself 
i just saw the chronicles of narnia: the voyage of the <propfemale> treader!
"i want school to start!  but, then i think about it and realize i still havent finished my homework  damn ap classes "
i hate being sick 
"very glad im not sick anymore  i was in so much pain because of throwing up  but, im healthy again (except for the fact im having trouble eating)  yay!!!!"
"<propfemale> has been hacked!!!!\\told her she would forget to sign out when she left   playful "
blue blueberry pancakes! yum!
"my awesome schedule annoyed 0- student council\1- algebra 2\2- ap english\3- spanish 5 6\4- beginning drama\5- ap us history\6- zoology"
i loved my party! thanks to everyone who came it was great  i love you all!  laugh 
"im officially 16 today!! yes! how time flies  \now i just have to finish my homework   annoyed \and thank you to everyone whos wished me happy birthday so far! i love you guys!!!"
"happy 16th birthday to me, i just threw up"
freaking out at the doctors office because i have to get 2 shots
why did i have to be such a procrastinator?
who had ap us history last year?
finished my english homework!
i hate the cold
almost fainted in the shower this morning 
at my little brothers soccer game
i love having hot chocolate at church!
i just had bacon grease fly out of the frying pan and burn me  owww   
"a possible side effect of the medication i have to take is nausea, stomach pain and vomiting  kind of ironic since i went to the doctor to stop those symptoms "
chick-fil-a!!! tomorrow night at 6!!! get flyers tomorrow from school and be there!!  laugh 
at the house of blues watching nevershoutnever!   and the maine!
im waiting for my brain to crash from a homework overload
essays always drive me insane
"my plans are ruined, great  all thanks to a sick baby  sorry <propmale>"
<propfirst> migliaro just hit me in the face with a paddle while playing <propfemale> pong
"my dad met someone who knew me, owned a surf shop  anyone know who that is?"
hiding in the computer room from a bunch of relatives i don't remember  happy holidays
saw <propfemale> stafani at the zoo
everythings finally planed for formal! yay! \\n
formal was amazing last night  i had so much fun  thanks <propfirst> migliaro  for being the best date ever
im not ready for school tomorrow  im not ready to perform and then her not like it even though i do perfectly fine 
! swear ill finish my essay! after a few minutes of facebook distraction of course   
im spoiled  i get strawberry milk and pepermint cookies!  surprise 
the cast list    not sure what else to really say  i guess congrats to everyone  
so someone fill me in with musical practice
who hates essays? i hate essays 
dont watch the super bowl with your boyfriend  he's the remote nazi for the day 
"someone tell <propfemale>, no habla espanol en mi casa"
"im sorry but i dont want to watch glee if they do original songs, its just their way of making more money "
poor japan     sad 
8 am musical practice tomorrow  guess that means no staying up for me
nothing shall ruin my awesome 4-day weekend
"my mom feels bad my friends left me  hey, so do i "
<propfirst> migliaro made chocolate milk come out my nose at the dinner table  thanks <propfirst>   
"yay   , the day im suppose to go to knotts is the day my stomach hates me "
cecili melendez nursed me back to health 
"<propfemale>, you've been hacked!!!\~luv cec  laugh "
procrastination is all i need to say
stole my brothers ipod
