cec19590fde8e45851b7afafe52ead84
well day after tomorrow and ill be off on another long journey back to alaska!
" laugh  lots of happy irthdays! thanks peeps! i went out to a bar for the first time on my b-day with <propmale> and a bunch of his friends  kicked ass at poker, knocked back a few cold ones, and got to hear <propmale> bust a rhyme on the open mic! so im ganna say: best birthday so far!  laugh "
"so me and my back are in a disagreement  apparently its too much for me to ask for my back to not cause me excruciating pain  dont know what i did to it, but its makin me pay for it! ive hired a chiropractor to convince it to see things my way  after a half hour of electro-shock and musclin around, it feels a little better  doc says i have a disc problem    whatever the hell that means!"
"also, me and <propmale> totally saw a bear on the side of the road on our way home  it was eyeing these people walking thier dog  the cab stopped right next to it  it stared at us for a sec, then bolted into the woods next to the river "
about 6 months ago i quit world of warcraft cold turkey  it was making me far too lazy  just now im startin to get the itch again   
"well that was fun, going crazy on quizzes for a while     but im bored with that now, so off to video games!!"
"im excited! <propmale> gets to fight tonight, and i get to go watch for the first time   free! im hoping that he gets to do some mma and whup some ass, but hey, boxing is just as cool!"
"well last nights fights were a let down  <propmale> diddnt actually get to fight, even though the drunk, un-coordinated fight coordinator led him on to believe that he was  at least i got to see some fights for free though   laugh "
winter storm warning for tonight and most of tomorrow here in juneau  should be an interesting night  im just glad i dont have a car to dig out of the snow in the morning  laugh  
i'm ganna have to bake a cake for my mom tonight    then the hard part comes  i'll have to refrain from eating it until tomorrow  annoyed 
"in my haste of eating that apple i just consumed, i forgot to remove the little sticker from it first, and i'm fairly certain that i ate it     laugh "
"hey, there's something on your face  *thwap* it was pain! > laugh "
"just got a new cell phone  unlimited texting to anywhere in the us, and unlimited calling to alaskan <propfirst>, so if you want my number, give me yours   playful "
so i hear there's a tsunami heading my way  flood warnings and all that jazz  i'm wondering if it's too late to get a hold of a surf board    
just used my a&p knowledge to <propfirst> rig my computer charging cord  there was a complete brake in the ground line  it's amazing i was able to keep it working as long as it did  took a pic of the job  it's brutal  i'll upload it when i figure out how   playful 
"so i spent this morning customizing my phone via my computer; chopping up sound files, transferring photos and the such  my phone is now completely <propfirst> l <propmale> themed    pulp fiction version    "
