7440766d2dd2be1e959e3003a6e4c584
returned from bowling with the teens 
so this is what it feels like to have vacation time smile 
i smell more vacation coming!!
looking foward to 2010!
i think it's going to be an interesting year! don't you?
i could learn to like snow if it weren't so @!~& cold!
"a message from my 6th grade square dance (and math) partner, <propfemale> pomella    put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you ?"
jeez    i'm suprised nobody has commented on my silly fuzzy ski hat! how nice smile 
enjoyed the fencing tournment last weekend  nothing like teens running with sharp objects smile 
"is sharing a little work trivia    here are my rules for propelling 590 ton aircraft near mach 1 0: rule #1 - ensure your action (or inaction) does not cause aircraft to fall from the sky, rule #2 - always think of better ways to make it go, and rule #3 - execute rules 1 and 2 with style that promotes like behavior!"
finished the budget and didn't let have to let anyone go  is this a sign of better times?
watched his daughter leave for her first high school dance tonight  where's my little girl gone to?
was listening to <propfirst> flatow (npr sci fri) discuss definitions of time and wondered how the conversation migrated to how we know we exist  someone needs to ease off the water pipe for a while!
is picking the saints thinking they'll host a better post-game party playful 
is admiring daughters medal for out-poking the others at the ct state fencing tournament    that's my girl!!!!!
is likin' the notion of 'podcasts '
is happy to have the 'work from home' option!
is bummin' his sd-800 flash didn't do so great at the last sports photo shoot  the built-in was better! why did i spend the $$ again?
had a dad's night out and had a great time at 'beach night'
finished the taxes    man this is getting old! when do we stop givin' and start receiving?!
devoured a barrel of b&j chunky monkey  now its time to wii!
is tired after a long day of teleconference web meetings  time to step away from the electronics for a while  maybe i'll take a walk to the engine test facility and listen to the eagles (fighter jet engines) scream smile 
picked up a new set of tires for the pathfinder  the list of spring chores has begun smile 
dusted off the bike and did a short local ride  i'll need to add a few new parts to get back into shape for the season  ct rocks take their toll    
"discovered the daughter topped out at over 17,000 mp3 files    yikes!"
is wondering what to do this weekend  ideas?
says the daughter is 15 today and she has a stack of well-wishes a mile high on her facebook page smile 
saw <propfirst> benson today and checked out is new yamaha  happy retirement <propfirst>!
is burping double mint oreo    mmmmm    oreo smile 
"mixed oatmeal, <propfemale> and crunchy peanut butter into an ied (improvised energy delivery)  mmmmm    crunchy smile "
is cleaning up after the historic rain & flood here in new england  i guess this is one was of motivating people to clean their basements!
"is returning daughter to her origin in chesapeake, <propfemale> for a long spring vacation  we'll be visiting friends and enjoying authentic bbq! pierce's, here we come!"
has officially christened the new bike with bug splat on the windshield  it's a great machine and i love it already!!
"it's daughter week! if you have a daughter(s) who makes your life interesting and fun, who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status  <propfemale> smith"
"says it was twenty years ago today, <propfirst> and <propfirst> taught each other how to play  they've been going in and out of style, but they're guaranteed to raise a smile  so may i introduce to you, the couple you've known all these years  it's <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s anniversary day man!"
"true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been  check my friends list and you see many of them smile  still missing a few, but the search goes on    v o  jones where are you?"
finished the ct basic rider course and has a sore rear from scootin' along on a honda reble 250! still learned a lot though   
says four day weekend    wooo hooo! tomorrow is a man day!!
is thinking about <propfirst> and <propfemale> <propmale> as their daughter <propfemale> graduates from hs  also thinking of <propmale> and <propfemale> fast and their hoard of kids smile  wonder what <propfirst> hinson and <propfirst> pollard are doing now days?
is off to belgium again at the end of the month  can anyone say beer and chocolate?
says we're hiring again    things are lookin' up    i think!
is thinking about another hike in the desert    love the dry heat wink 
has returned with 5 more belgian beers under his belt (so to speak)  only 297-ish to go  also <propfirst> down their national inventory of chocolate by ~4 kg  momma's happy smile 
"noted daughters latest photo received over 9,300 views and 500 comments in the first 24 hours of posting  is it going viral? link    http annoyed  fav me d2tezs1"
"want to know who else has a spousal unit that says, \beer me!\"""""
"knows a few good things; starting the morning with a cup of <propfemale> monkey tea, sharing lobster rolls and chowder on the waterfront, and that sense of satisfaction when your kid makes the right choice(s) when you're not watching  oh, and beer wink "
took the daughter out for a bike ride along the shoreline  been long time since we had a daddy-daughter night 
is growing couch potatoes this weekend  lots of sun and a little refreshment should make for a great yield!
is sharing a little engineering fun    check it out    http annoyed  www walyou com blog 2010 08 06 smart-car-designs 
"has been wondering, if ants had opposable thumbs would their colonies look (even more) like our cities? if they had a written language, would they make billboards?"
enjoyed the horse pull at the hamburg fair today  i posted a few pics on facebook profile and my nat geo <propfemale> for the curious smile 
enjoyed the ride home  took a detour through old lyme   south lyme for the scenic views  nice smile 
is sending the sophomore off to hs for another year of mind training smile 
"recalls that too much of something, even a good thing, causes it to be valued less, and a scarcity, even of bad things, confers a value of its own  so i am left wondering if the approaching hurricane, rare as they are, will be good (we could use a little rain) or bad (i said a little rain!) "
"had a great time at the bennington (vt) <propfemale> music festival! band were great! food was great! weather    cool, but manageable smile "
got really loafy for the remainder of the long weekend! if i could only lift one more lobster roll!
is not like'n the weatherman who promised a great weekend    no takebacks damn it!!
finally got rid of the noise source in the v-star's belt drive system  all that edukation made it possible for me to apply mechanics and materials knowledge that i picked up from boy scouts at the age of ~10 
had a great movie night with spousal unit and the daughter 
is prepping for new england fall colors  camera clean    battery charged    reconing sunrise landscapes 
"caprica's back premiering tuesday, oct  5, at 10 pm  sci fi fans take note    michelle smile "
has a daddy-daughter night w aussie pink <propmale> in november    nice!
is headin' to las vegas to inspect some jets at nellis  should be interesting smile 
is back from nellis and enjoying the new england fall!
thinks the wind and rain are dulling the fall colors  bummin'
updated my profile pic just for mr  moore smile  gotta love it <propmale>!
"ok, michigan week is over so i'll give everyone a break smile  happy halloween!!"
"saw the news article on the quantas airbus a380 engine issue this morning  quantas chose the rolls <propfirst> <propmale> 900 engine  emirates airlines, air <propfemale> and now korean airlines flys the gp7000 engine (i used to work on this one)  i'm glad nobody was injured and hope rr can get the issue resolved quickly  these things are bad for everyone and we all work hard to keep them from happening "
got the day off and daddy-daughter time tonight! dinner and the aussie pink <propmale> concert at the oakdale theater!
aussie pf best concert ever! <propfemale> & i had a great time smile 
whittling down the backlog of 'honey-do' list items finally! maybe i'll really have time off at thanksgiving afterall!
"feelin' frisky tonight so try this on for size; if there is an exception to every rule, then every rule must have at least one exception; the exception to this one being that it has no exception "
another day of paint and drywall  hopefully done in another two 
"ok, time to go christmas shopping    oh boy smile "
mmmmmmmm    gingerbread coooookieees smile 
nothing like 2 feet of wet snow to slow the pace smile  what a mess!
thinking about firsts tonight    first album i owned    rush moving pictures    first 8-track    <propmale> miller band     anyone else feelin' it?
"rain, rain, snow away  \will it come back another day?"
just say no to the snow!
"i can still hear coach sleeper today    the pack is back!! sorry coach ,i'm rootin' for pittsburgh playful "
headin' for ole el paso next week smile  maybe some dry air will kill the sniffles!
75f and <propfemale> in alamogordo  sinuses clearing wink 
"back from the white sands of nm, but still seein' white    bummer sad "
"looks like the 6th grade yb was a big hit and many have added to their profile pic! don't forget to tag your friends and share the joy smile  and yes <propfemale>, you were rockin' those lapels!!"
daughter is off to state finals in epee next weekend after holding her own in regionals this weekend  nice!!
so my dad is doing fine after an anurism took his right leg early last week  i visited him at <propfirst> ford hospital in detroit last weekend and he's as strong (cranky) as ever smile  the nursing staff is remarkably tolerant of his persistent teasing!
"<propfemale> and in the 40's    that's good enough to get the motorcycles out! man, that felt good!!"
happy b-day to my little girl smile 
dad's back home now and at the mercy of the physical therapist  thanks to all for your thoughts & prayers smile 
the daughter received her varsity letter and a medal for best epee' win loss record  not bad for a sophomore smile 
recovering from the college planning seminar i attended last week  wow! have things changed a lot!
"did i mention how much i loath tax season?! oh yeah, go huskies smile "
spousal unit is complaining about my soft feet    why does she care??
"scratchin' cold damp cats at the book barn  man, they were happy to see me!"
so the original <propmale> is back in gladwin and hoppin' around just fine for an 84 year old smile  he's working pretty hard to get strong so he doesn't have to revisit detroit (that's motivation for ya!) 
uconn won smile 
anyone else sick of gas prices yet? paid $4 gallon yesterday and did not fill-it-up!!
modern dance group momix is in ct this coming weekend  doc fast introduced me to the show many moons ago  lookin' forward to sharing with the daughter!
having a paranoid moment    what if gas prices were going up to motivate consumers to buy new cars from our woefully depressed auto industry? i noticed a great many fuel efficient cars have suddenly appeared on the market    hmmmm 
anyone see the regional jet get spun around by the airbus a380 at jfk? that's a new one for the books!!
"ok, it's \conspiracy\"" thursday folks so i'll start it out    i think televised wrestling might be rigged?!! what's yours?"""
installed the 1tb server network drive last night    easy peasey smile  now we're cookin' with gas!
back from apache lake  nice hiking    tough cactus territory smile 
great day for a bike ride  even caught a little of the <propfirst> & <propfemale> show this morning  does that make me an anglophile?
