2fb1af8fddf75f1d79b3582375ecb088
lonely  sad 
working at frames tavern tonight and tomorrow night as a fill in for extra cash   6-close    come see me!
another fucked up valentines!
i want a baby kitten!!!!
anyone have any <propfemale> kittens you want to give away?????
cooking breakfast    back later
gave up on finding kittens    going to look at puppies
i figured out why i am nuts!!!! men!!!! lol
brb cleaning the house
i give up on sleep!!!
got my phone shut off      maybe i will get a little sleep tonight!!!
life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass     it's about learning how to dance in the rain       
off to see the wizard     the wonderful wizard of oz     
life f*cking sucks!
going to get my hair chopped off    ttyl
off to work i go!
why is that the nice people always get shit on??? is it possible to be hymnotized to become mean and heartless???
life is too short to live in the past     take risks and enjoy life day by day
"fall in love or fall in hate, get inspired or get depressed, ace a test or flunk a class, make babies or make <propmale>, speak the truth or lie and cheat, dance on tables or sit in corner  life is full of divine chaos, embrace it  forgive yourself  breath  enjoy the ride    "
grrrrr i am sick        tired of being hurt     i just give up!
"leave me a memory that you have about me  it doesn't matter if you know  knew me a little or a lot   anything you remember  dont send a message, just leave a comment below this post  next, repost this in your status, and see how many people leave you a memory~good or bad, as long as it's true, it will do  smile "
wherever u go- whatever u do-whenever u wish- my heart is w  u-no matter how far- i'll always be near- if ever u need me- i'll always be here!
having a terrible day! i need cuddled!  sad 
"is playing hide n seek with the voices in my head, i'm under the stairs they will never find me ha  wait! i don't have stairs, crap! where am i?!?"
don't waste you time on people who aren't willing to invest back in you!
finds it funny how people don't want their emotions played with but they are happy to play with others
"the wizard of oz summed up men perfectly - like the scarecrow they have no brains, like the tin man they have no heart and like the lion they are cowards !!"
new schedule   staying up all night with my gun and gonna catch the fucker messing with my car and house!!! fucking assholes!!!
i soooo made a point today!!!! the customers love me! they followed me lol
+ alcohol = disaster
says a friend-ship is not about them ringing u everyday and being your friend its about them being there when u need them and when u need to talk to them !!
"if i hide the bills in the washing machine, will they go to the \happy place\"" where my matching socks go ?"""
says it is raining and it is monday that is never a good way to start the week!
has cloned herself   but is not sure she can live with the bitch!!!
"every girl should know there's only 2 men in her life she can always rely on 1) her daddy 2) <propfirst> daniels, if i ever stray from this rule again smack me hard!"
"just stepped outside, closed her eyes, took a deep breath of fresh air, sipped her coffee,  perfect morning! what could go wrong? crap! forgot to put pants on!"
"your heart will show you the way to great things, trust in your heart and always follow your dreams "
"a friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future that's a real friends  friends for ever"
off to my son's school    gonna be there all day  ugh! lol
not only do i trip down the stairs i also trip up them; now that takes talent!! and don't get me started on flat surfaces!!
happy easter to all!
sometimes life's hardest lesson to learn is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn
"men aren't dogs  dogs are sweet, loyal, and love you unconditionally  they're more like cats  roam everywhere and only come home when they want something "
"someday you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she really was   and when that day comes, she'll be walking with the guy who already knew  this is to someone in particular  you know who you are!"
"in the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make"
my birthday party will be at frames tavern saturday april 17th at 8pm - whenever   come see me  smile 
"dear <propmale> brothers: now that i'm an adult, i feel i'm old enough to hear what the \beep beep\"" is hiding when road runner talks to wile e  coyote """
my birthday party will be at frames tavern saturday april 17th at 8pm - whenever   come see me  smile 
my birthday party will be at frames tavern saturday april 17th at 7pm - whenever   come see me  smile 
"thank you all for the \happy birthdays\"" !"""
"was riding a horse yesterday and fell off, almost got killed! luckily the walmart supervisor saw and came over to unplug it "
"on the outside you see a smile, on the inside my body is melting away  on the outside you see me laugh, on the inside my soul is dead "
"the purple monkey in my closet just stole my twinkies, and the little elf that lives in my jewelry box is laughing at me, i think i need new roommates"
"is proud somebody actually complimented her on her driving abilities today they left a little note on the windowscreen,\ it said parking fine!\"""""
i miss my  ferocious  boyfriend!  smile 
if i was to come with a warning label what should it say and why?
"i'm a handful!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strongwilled, independent, and outspoken, i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle-but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if    you're a handful then post this on your status  i dare you!"
~ <propfemale> may decide who touches your life ~ your heart may decide who touches your soul ~ but   tequila decides who touches your body~
rip <propfirst> kalman! i love you and will miss you greatly!!!
"there's nothing like running into your ex on a good day, then throwing the car in reverse and doing it again!  smile  lol"
hmmmmm lol i am confused
heading to the shower    
"sometimes you have to quit thinking so much   if it feels right, it probably is   so just go with it   "
"i wish someones hand would fit in mine\i wish someone would fill the hole in my heart\i wish someone would be with me forever\and forever be mine"
ok famly i need some help since my parents don't know    i know we have <propmale> in us    what else do we have in our family    everyone keeps asking me if i have italian in me    i just laugh and say i don't know i'm a mutt lmao   help!!
"friday has been brought to you by beer, friends, and gettin' jiggy with it, and also by good times, drunk texting, and spinning when your sitting still!"
"i am very unusual, i trip upstairs, fall over nothing and i even choke on air!!   laugh "
when i text you it means i'm missing you  when i don't it means i'm waiting for you to miss me  if only you knew   smile 
wait for it - wait for it - <propfemale> on - nope its gone well sorry i tried to care about your feelings but i stopped caring the day you hurt mine
"i smile to make people happy, but in my head it's just to hide the pain so that people don't ask me what's wrong   annoyed "
i've finally got to the point in life to where the only person i fully trust is myself   
thinks men are over-rated  i'm off to buy batteries - now there is money well spent ;-p
"please take note - apparently the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite\cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles, \because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them, it was \currently on the program \internet frauds\"" and will be apparently be on tv some time tonight put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back  thank you"""
i accidentally smoked the cat nip and the cats got my weed~now they're raiding the fridge and i'm rolling around on the floor playing with a ball of yarn~
nothing feels sweeter then when a man softly brushes your hair away and kisses you softly   
is so happy that even an elephant with bladder problems couldn't piss on my parade!  smile 
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does  <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all!!!
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do  \[like] this status if you think am a good friend  \[message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  and i wont tell a soul\[comment] on this if we have had good memories  \now let's see who's brave enough to copy this and put on their status!!"
"what do men have in their pants that is 6 inches, has a head on it, and women like to blow it? \answer: a $20 dollar <propmale>"
"didn't get much sleep last night, i tried counting sheep but they kept cutting in line, confused the hell outta me!"
omg! never bend over to tie your shoe at giant eagle! some guy almost smacked my ass and his wife was right beside him! lmao
noticed the blue kangaroo sitting on her couch blowing bubbles and thought to herself    where did he get bubbles? i want bubbles   hmmm
"so you take a left on crazy, and keep going until you hit insane then follow that down to cuckoo, and there you are on my drive way!!!"
working at frame's tavern tonight      thanks for the hours <propfemale> lol  smile 
wonders exactly what was the person who found milk really doing to the cow before hand?
"a pharmaceutical truck was robbed today, all of the viagra was stolen, the police have asked the public to be on the lookout for a group of hardened criminals"
