f8743e650e0f51b7af5a195edf2ef043
i got accepted to the university of wisconsin in <propfemale>! yay!
too many thoughts at once   
just went to a funeral    i cried so much   
"leaving tomorrow, won't get back until the 15th of next month, i will have no internet or free time to respond so i will not be responding to anything until i get back"
i'm finally back!
off to new mexico! how fun!
my astronomy group ditched    now i have to do it all by myself
"today was not a good day, hopefully it will end well"
we won our soccer game 4-0 and i scored two goals!
only two more college apps! and only two more weeks of school!
"i got accepted to unm! (univeristy of new mexico, in albuqueruqe) yay!"
"i curse this neck of mine  i think i pinched a nerve or something in my neck, anyway, i can't move or turn my neck so i can't even bike to school because i can't turn to look for cars  but i'm coming block day even if it kills me, or my neck "
maui     hawai'i      yay!
prom!
"holy shift, look at that asymptote on that mother function!  smile "
i never knew that just one conversation could make me so close to someone 
graduating on thursday at 4pm  can't wait!
going out of town for 4 days to my grandma's for 4th of july  yay!
"i think facebook hates me  i can't upload photos- only one at a time  does anyone else have troubles uploading photos with this \new and improved\"" facebook or is it just out to get me?"""
cass got nersesian for chemistry     i feel so sorry and so happy at the same time 
http annoyed  hyperboleandahalf blogspot com 2010 04 alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything html
"the day before i leave for college 2000 <propmale> away i get a letter for jury duty  i selected the option that i would be more than 80 <propmale> away  i thought what nice timing these people have, not only on the day but also it's not even five months after i turned 18 "
all moved into my dorm room! a new life begins!  smile 
i start school tomorrow- now i am second guessing why i signed up for a 7:45 class   
is there some reason why i would show up to an english discussion with two other people? am i missing something here?
"i got up today and saw a squirrel outside my window  wait, a squirrel?! this is the tenth floor! it's a super squirrel because it just climbed up the wall about 6 stories!"
watching my football team on t v  and eating popcorn    today is a good day 
"have a bad cold, don't even want to leave the room today   "
my morning sucked but at least i made up for it by taking a nap 
"someone burnt popcorn on our floor, so the fire alarm went off     that was fun    "
"only one class today at 12, i love wednesdays "
obama is coming today!
i feel like banging my head against a wall    i hate writing essays   troubled 
everyone is going home for the weekend except me!
"homecoming game, already winning 14-0 at the end of the first quarter "
i have spent over 16 hours in the last three days studying for today's test  i think i deserve 1 hour before the test to completely do nothing 
"\like\"" my status and i'll tell you: 1  something ive learned about you \",f8743e650e0f51b7af5a195edf2ef043,i just lost the game 
rain + wind = 1 2(wet pants)
don't you just love having to go outside for a fire alarm in your pajamas? especially when it's cold and <propfemale>?
i  love  my friends!
bleh 
i bought a giant cookie to celebrate the total burnout of my mind from my second calc 2 midterm 
96 on my test!  laugh 
snow!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, dec 6th of 2010, there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories! this is for a campaign against violence on children "
i hate the remainder theorem 
"a fortune for my friend, \hope for the best but prepare for the worst \""\",f8743e650e0f51b7af5a195edf2ef043,finally home! after 12 hours of being on a plane or at an airport i finally made it home at 12:45 in the morning 
bring on the rosebowl! go uw!
first day of class     troubled  i wanna go back to bed!
gonna be cold tomorrow  bring it on!
snow day!!!! no school!!!
"someone tell me why i have to evacuate and walk down ten flights of stairs to the cold, <propfemale>, and snowy night at 10 just because someone burned some popcorn "
insane snowball fight in epic proportions 
just found $40 in my purse  my day is now so much better 
woo! go packers!
"what a crazy day  first the bus doesn't show up, then the taxi cab doesn't show up, and it takes me three hours to get home instead of 45 minutes "
sore throat    this means i'm coming down with something   
i  love  my besties!
"had a great, relaxing weekend  but now the homework has piled up! t_t"
i hate when i'm bored but i still don't want to do my homework 
spring break here i come!
thunderstorm coming my way!
way too many things to do 
i'm in such a hurry that i'm in a hurry to be in a hurry  this is way too stressful; i'm on a thin line between panicking and gutting it out 
"why do i have a midterm on my birthday? just for that, i'm gonna ace it so hard that it will wish it was never on my birthday "
please tell me it is not snowing right now   
i hate mondays 
