165bc2554b239977b4c34d05ce971507
forget about it being a new year its a new decade!
i guess its time to be apart of this facebook addiction lol  (pics comin soon)
man i got some ugly toes
has a project due sept  7th and hasn't started yet
at this rate im not ganna finish ms bulls project til monday
time to knock this project out!
off to the hospital to see mom
"just to make sure sen1or skip day is sept  7th, right?"
tomorrow is going to be a good day
"grandpa cooking ribs on the grill, and its almost done!"
i don't know what my grandpa put in his bbq but im pretty sure its illegal because i think im addicted
iv been to the hospital so many times this week to see my mom its starting to seem like a second home
"braces free sence yesterday, now i got to learn how to talk right with theses retainers lol"
"not ganna wear my retainer at school, makes it wierd to talk"
mom gets out the hospital today!
i have a feeling that tomorrow is going to be a good day
<propfemale> is a virtue ;p
"i look at her, she looks at me, i look away, she looks away too   "
old habits are hard to break but its all worth it in the end
"i think to much, next time im just ganna go in and do it"
trying to figure out this dang rubix cube!
"can't wait til track comes, im ready to do like 5 different events lol"
its time to man up because if i don't do it soon im ganna regret it   
itsa rainin' pretty hard i must say
"im so freaking hiper at night it dont make sence, i swear im nocturnal!"
i have the greatest idea for a senior prank ever!!! im just curious how many people would streek during halftime on the last football game of the year?
"this is confusing, feels like i oded on cough medicine be accident then trying to figure out why the tv is so bright when i turn the lights off  laugh "
chocolate covered apples with caramel and    sprinkles!! sounds pretty good right about now 
that nyquil really does the job of taking out the cold
so much techno i might as well be a robot lol
that was a good episode of criminal minds
time to shave the mustache
is aprart of something bigger than myself
iv taken all the cough medicine in the house over the last 3 days and im still coughing   
almost time to go to church!
finally back from church lol
i hope what i just did does'nt make things wierd   
"iv had de javu like 3 times today, its freaking me out"
i probly should have stayed away from the keybored today   
forget last comment its all good  playful 
life can be a good as you let it be
my stocks doing good today #2  playful 
"today was a good day, so that means tomorrow can be an even better day"
this week keeps getting better and better  smile 
my day does not feel comeplete when we don't talk   
"just found like 20 packs of orbit gum in my parents room, they holding out on me!"
its funny how all i have to do is change my diet and do a little exercise and i lose almost 10lbs  the human body is a funny thing 
"monday is either going to be a good day, or a bad day  but im hoping for a good day  playful "
"im so confused about what is going on bewteen us, but ill figure it out soon"
oh crap just check the stocks game and im down -88%  annoyed 
"all i have to say is    \where is perry?\"""""
"ganna see where things go tomorrow, so tomorrow should be a fun day ;p"
got to love how dogs can be like 10yrs old and still act like a puppy
nothing like driving at night
hmmm    never met anyone like you before   
today is ganna be a good day
"im feeling a connection, hopefuly there is enough spark to make it work "
is liking where things are going  wink 
just got home from act's    someone tell me how some of the stuff in the math and science parts i never seen before lol  everything else i felt pretty good about though 
"im feeling productive, i should write a book or something lol"
now with the act out the way only thing left is to take a trip to tn tech and check it out 
ufc is intense   
there may be a possiblility   
today is ganna be a good day
i really should stop doubting myself and go for it
"to all who know, im going for it!"
life is   
this is so   hmmm
got to love it when you seem to never have homework  smile 
va prendre une pause jusqu'à ce que je dis facebook cette fille comment je me sens vraiment à son sujet (its french)
je lui <propfemale> dit permet désorm<propfemale>s de voir où il va partir d'ici (also in french)
ahhhhh    im so frustrated with myself today!
why did i sleep with the fan on last night? now my throat is starting to hurt!
tomorrow is friday! hope i do what i have been meaning to do all week 
can't wait for 3rd period today!
"today was one of those \wtf did i just do!\"" days   """
really missing living in washington state atm   
flux pavilion is a beast!
"dang beard won't work with me, looks like ima have to cut it down a bit lol"
iv watched so many youtube videos today   yay november!
red <propfirst>   
"its wierd how i was born in <propmale>, ga but seattle, wa feels more like home than <propfemale> ever did "
"electro radio, life is good"
"who else is doing \no shave november\""?"""
a-n-g-e-r is just another word i never learned to purnounce   laugh 
strangers have the best <propfemale>
"i got some big plans, just hoping that everything will fall into place "
"how come they have handheld fan, but they don't have handheld heaters    i need to patent that  lol"
"\the weak can never forgive  forgiveness is the attribute of the strong \""\",165bc2554b239977b4c34d05ce971507,"everything is falling into place perfectly, now all i need to do is take a trip up to tennessee and check out tn tech for my self "
"you learn soemthing new everyday, well atleast i do lol"
"my left eye just started hurting for no reason, same thing happened to my leg earlier    i think someone is trying to do some vudoo on me lol"
"if you could create your own dream job in your own dream location, what would it be and where?"
i hate the smell of itailan food   
random memory: i remember when i was in 1st grade my girlfriend broke up with me without even telling me and she just started going out with another guy    ohh good times lol
if i didn't know any better id say tomorrow is ganna be a good day 
15 more days   
lol like this if you ever thought i was wierd    c'mon don't be scard!
my mind is running off ideas like crazy right now  i'd write all of it down but its all writen down in my head 
is it just me or did the text box for searching on youtube get bigger?
"ill be glade when \no shave november\"" is over so i can shave lol """
"lmao, i love collegehumor com"
"i lost something today that i can't get back   \\my pet squirl!!! dude got ran over by a car   "
i need to go to sleep   
"10 more days til my b-day and 14 more days til \no shave november\"" is over  and i think im going to shave off all my facial hair when its over but idk """
trying to figure you out is like trying to pull a whale out of water   
"birthday next week, oh yeah!"
"wow, that was a good dream! i see someone totally different now lol"
"can't wait to graduate and get out of <propfemale>, so i can go do my college thing and go find a rave to go to lol"
my does my tooth hurt   
listening to techno + multi-tasking = best idea ever!
is playing games on www omgpop com
"\inbox me if you want to see the grossest thing in your life\"" warning: you may throw-up!"""
i had a dream that i pushed a friend in a shopping cart to work while on the interstate   
thank you everone who told me happy birthday!  smile 
just a late reminder but if you have ms bull 2nd period remember to have some notes for the project lol 
i never have hw and im perfectly fine with that
why is it so cold! i don't want to go to school today   
"came up with a senior prank in 7th period  all i need is dress shoes, some tube socks, and some baby oil "
ohhhh snap!
why are all these strange people i know trying to add me on facebook  for example: http annoyed  www facebook com #! profile php?id=100001583545416
saying good bye to the facial hair   
i look so much younger w o facial hair lol
forget having hair im going bald!
fraud alert:apparently the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles they're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon  nothing to do w  supporting child violence  it was on that tv show that warns you about internet fraud  it's on tonight's news  pass this on to everyone who has a cartoon profile picture 
the reason i don't jump on facebook bandwagons
i don't want to take the econ  eoct tomorrow   
about to have some fun with this superhero project for marketing 
off to grandma's house!
so many projects! why did all the teachers start giving them out so close to the winter break?
why do some teachers give us projects that have nothing to do with the subject they are teaching?
lol my mom thought all playboy playmates were prositiutes!
"my mom is still trying to make me finish shovoling the driveway, right after my dad said he hurt his back  my mom is crazy! lol"
so since we don't have school tomorrow does anyone thing we will have to come to school friday? if we do i think i might just stay home lol
with all these snow days i'm kind of scared what days they might make us come back to make them up-- if they make us make them up   
so no school this whole week because of snow    i guess i really did od on the snow dance  lol
suzin? suzin? suzin!!! (yes that is how you spell suzin)
just listening to me some techno *fist pump*
i guess this what i get be trying to be a over ahciver in ms  bulls class  i should have done the quotation book lol  ahhhh!
good thing i have understanding merciful teachers lol  if i didn't my days in school would be so different 
got accepted into st  <propfirst>'s (staten island campus)  don't plan on going though  i just wanted to see if i would get accepted   playful 
someone save me from the boredom that awaits me tomorrow! lol
finaly home!
just realized that we are going to school tomorrow when we should be out for mid-winter break    why!
"i better not be getting sick!\people need to spreading their germs around me lol"
don't be surprised if i'm not at school tomorrow  i have a feeling that i'm not going to feel so good in the morning  annoyed 
i missed school because i'm sick but i'm not even mad lol
today was one crazy day 
about three months left of hs and we haven't even planned a senior prank yet lol 
i wonder what i missed in school today  lol
pulled my hamstring during track practice! yay me lol
if i made a list i would cross you off of it right now  
"back from track meet \lets just say that the throwers relay went by fast   playful "
"i want to go back to running  \low-key: i have no love for throwing on the track team anymore "
