b0572bbef212d1e33e37807a5187d19d
favorite app?
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior    we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status  i am not ashamed and i don't want to hear that someone is taking this as me cramming my faith into their lives"
sleep time part 2
tired and lonely   dumped again  maybe one year ill get chosen  holidays suck
i feel crappy  just took my final for os    thank goodness it was practical  1 down 1 to go   now i just have to finish the dreadful workbook  sad 
"facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the <propfemale>    put this as your status if it worked   (it actually worked for once omg lol)"
"well, i ended up getting my first b, which totally sucks but on the bright side i did get an a in linux, which i wasn't really e playful ecting "
ruined everyones christmas    go us 
"feel like crap  get to bring in the new year sick, woo  hoo   "
i feel like crap  i can't wait 'til i feel better  waking up with a concrete headache everyday is getting old  even older is the fact that i have to take too many tylenol to get it to go away  now im in class and i can't hear the teacher again  wasted class day 2  annoyed 
only 4 more hours 'til i'm officially 20  thanks for the birthday wishes 
"if an immigrant moves to the usa, how can they be offended by the us flag? why would you seek life in a place that offends you? anyone have an idea?"
im pretty bored right now and my room is really hot  its lonely here too  
"today is gunna be a good but longgggg day  laundry, cleaning, church, bestbuy?, and walmart for grocery shopping   <propfirst> should be home soon  smile "
(????•?)
"me: read <propfemale>'s status, it's so funny  ranita: oh what is it? me: *reads it aloud* ranita: but a box of feisty crayons, aye? me: i know you're wearing green, but you're not an <propfemale> leprechaun lmvo!"
change of plans    no sleep + must go to church = sleep sleep after church  wink  so much for anything else today   
"oooooooie! he's so full of manure, that man! we could lay 'em in the dirt and grow another one just like 'em!"
sore  tired  and fatigued but at least i exercised today  i am going to be so noodley tomorrow 
so i'm still sore   anyone have any advice for very sore and weak muscles?  i tried an epsom salt soak and stretching and moving and rest   but still hurtin' 
who knew planning a wedding in 3 months would be difficult                   lol i did but its a nice challenge anyway 
"had a wonderful time at the women of faith event this weekend!  it was a great e playful erience and i wish to go again and bring more people \\thank you to all the church ladies (and to their supporting husbands) for making it possible for me and others to go  your fund-raising and hard work was well worth it  great things were shared in those 2 days  it's wonderful being a christian  love you guys "
what if that's what's happening?  crying 
had a great time with my peoples tonight  celebrated ranita's 17th for the last time lol went to macaroni grille and ate too much good (yet sooo bad) food  hope we can do it again soon  wink 
looking forward to church tomorrow (or this) morning 
so much for that  'o'
bridal shower this afternoon 
"had a good time at my bridal shower today  it was really fun, albeit hectic  thank you to everyone who came, and everyone who got <propfirst> and i a gift; it was very appreciated  to all who didn't come, i really missed you there and wish you would've came; you missed all the fun  \\praise the lord for a great day and all the blessings in between   wink "
"happy thanksgiving everyone! i'm thankful for my husband to be, my family, my friends, and my church family  i'm in fair health and i can use my mind in endless ways, what's not to be thankful for? i hope everyone has a great holiday weekend; be safe and keep in mind what's really important   smile "
4 sleeps 'til the day!
don't forget rehearsal is at 7 surprise 0pm   we maybe a little late  annoyed 
"couldn't sleep tonight   diner dash 5 is too addicting, or maybe just diner dash in general  indecision     going to wake up my love, maybe eat 'breakfast'  surprise  and then try to go to bed  at least it's friday, right  ?  smile "
"bed?!? lol, what was i thinking?!? i haven't played all the diner dash free trials yet  golly gee, ain't i swell?   lmao (apron lol)"
it stinks when you need to call someone and can't find your phone  sad  what do i do now?
mmmmmmmmmm blueberry pie  wink 
so very tired    eyes are hurting a lot 
"what's the right thing to do? 2 people have a job commitment  after a week person 1 stops doing their job  person 2 continues their job for months  person 2 tries to talk to person 1, tries to fix the problem  how long should person 2 continue doing their job if their partner never does theirs?"
how do you stray away from harmful things when they bring you happiness and fun?
i think <propfemale>'s bored lol
"wish my peoples would get here sooner    bored bored  eh, guess beggars can't be choosers "
so what should i make for dinner at church on wednesday? made bbq chicken last week 
"if you want people to work for you, being inconsiderate isn't the way to go lol"
"state farm commercial: \it's nice to trust your neighbors  \""  \",b0572bbef212d1e33e37807a5187d19d,"it's always nice finding something you saved and forgot about  found a gallon of sweet tea in my fridge that i forgot about and found a lemon i saved \ ?  ? it's big ol' sweet iced tea ? ? ?"
banana pudding  wink 
imagine if it was impossible to lie  the world would be e playful osed  scary thought if you have something to hide  everyone has secrets 
"why do we use 'how are you' as a greeting when most people don't truly care about the other person  ? i think more people use it because its just something nice to say when you first talk to someone  i'm not saying everyone doesn't care, but i do know some don't  i always want to know how some is feeling when i ask them how they're doing  is it being nosey when you want people to tell you how they're feeling?"
<propfirst> set the speakers up    my bedroom is a rave  wink  it's all down hill from here 
toot it and boot it is a pretty sad song  bragging about making people (women in particular) feel stupid  do they have nothing better to sing about?
i'm pretty darn tired 
"the nasty monster of florida heat has come to bring me back to warm reality: no matter how much the ac runs, my room is always going to be hot and uncomfortable "
it's sucks when you're hungry and all you have is beans  shopping needs to happen 
i'm pretty bored and hungry   don't know what to eat but i guess i'll go figure it out 
guess what's for dinner tonight and you get a free prize  laugh 
getting a little worried 
 sad 
just got up from a long nap   at least i don't feel like there's an axe wedged in the center of my forehead 
"i'm bored    wondering why i keep getting a headache despite the amount of tylenol that i take  body, please feel better "
"<propmale> and i are about to make peace  content and happy will be my description soon  let's not wait, but no need to rush  fun fun, who's with me? too bad teleportation isn't popular   i'd enjoy it   utilize it often  alright, fine, i'm ready  what did i say, don't rush me  lol"
"whewwwheeee, where's my company? lone long too far "
"there's something about you that i have hope in; it's rare    i haven't seen it much  i'm hoping i can use this opportunity to learn from  you've already earned some admiration and respect of mine, and that's not always easy  i have good ideas for you; you could do some great things  i'll have faith instead of choosing to fear disappointment "
what do you need prayer for?
"if someone cloggs a toilet, knows about it, lets someone else use it, someone who doesn't know it's clogged, should the poor unknowing person have to clean up the mess?"
"if you have a <propfemale> who has made you laugh, stuck up for you, been crazy with you, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, dried your tears, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without copy and paste it to your status  i love my <propfemale>  we're not sisters but it doesn't matter "
anyone have a remedy for center back pain? feel so beat up every morning 
that's it  i'm done  we just can't do it anymore  i'm too stressed and it's just not working  sorry if i disappointed you 
"so feeling hopeless has turned into feeling guilty about feeling hopeless  i guess if i break, it doesn't matter "
"why stir the pot of drama? what's the point of knowingly intentionally twisting words in order to get someone upset? because you can and don't care?  hurting others: awesome hobby   not   sad  find something new to do please, i beg of you "
anyone tried the lg optimus?
having trouble being sleepy  tired but not sleepy    making starting sleep difficult 
let's see how honest my facebook friends are      leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the fourth letter of your first name     it can only be one word      then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you      don't just post a word & not copy     i want to comment you back  wink 
"lmeo! guess who's black? good to know, let's go dwarfing!"
oh no! my husband has been captured by naughty little bears! what's a wife to do?
http annoyed  heartsandbubbles com wp-content uploads 2010 06 naughty-bear jpg
has a new phone!
kinda tired    need to bed soon 
who knew researching phone accessories was so extensive??? at least i'm not shopping for 3 people 
gosh i'm tired  i don't know if i should nap or just pull a all-night-all-dayer  
on my way to <propfemale> n jakes house  havin' fun with my new toy!
"getting ready for our  church fair  come out if you want good fun, good company, and good food   games  procedes go to fund our pastor's cornea transplant "
"today didn't go that great but it was okay  thanks to those to helped  maybe next year we can come together and make it better  \i feel crappy but at least i'm home now "
"well, that grilled stuft burrito was pretty disappointing; wasn't nearly as good as it usually is  either someone at tb is having a bad day or they just don't care "
"hey lovely android users, what are your favorite apps? i'm looking for just about anything useful, and maybe games if they're super cool "
pretty tired  
learned something new 
"what should i make for dinner tomorrow at church, it's our last time (for a while)  \on a side note, i feel really bad right now  sad  hope i feel better tomorrow "
"i am proud to be from the south -where tea is sweet and accents are sweeter, summer starts in april, front porches are wide and words are long, macaroni and cheese is a vegetable, pecan pie is a staple   y’all is the only proper pronoun, chicken is fried and biscuits come w  gravy   everything is darling and someone is always getting their heart blessed   repost this if you're southern to the bone!"
"just started the netflix free trial  it seems like an awesome service if you only like movies or certain tv shows  i wonder if any of the shows i watch on own or ngw is on there    if so, i may never need satellite or cable again "
"about to watch <propmale> button with my <propfemale>   laugh  movies, games, sweet tea, a comfy couch, and best of all someone special and sweet to cuddle with "
on the way to torpedo and tank's house to <propfemale>  : ]
"at chili's with my love, on a date to end a pretty great day   wink "
