b3a23c0c28a583365a99efcf799b510e
you want proff of snow? look at mah pic!
kyuubis all like blah blah blah about going to phx and shes all like bitch phx should come to me    
borid as all hell
kyuubi can't wait to see her handsom boy!!!!
happy fathers day to all the dads out there!!  laugh 
kyuubi wants 5 kids so that she can eat the one she likes least  laugh 
my fuckin back hurts        toast    be-otch
do the funky chicken i demand you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       i seid do it! with music!
*funky chicken*
5 dayz biznitch 5 days and i get to do the greatst thing in the world                    eat a sandwitch in an airport    lol jk  i mean see my handsom boy
kyuubi thinks that her eblow is betraying her       > > i'm watchin u elbow
kyuubi is leaving soon whooooos excited  laugh 
can't wait i miss my baby
just a couple morre days 2 to be exsact i'm leavin tuseday  laugh 
kyuubis home bitchz
kyuubi loves you
kyuubis in az setin her b-day up peoples in az who wantsz togo
my birthdays so close!
01101001 00100000 01101100 01101111 01110110 01100101 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01110110 01100101 01101110 01101111 01101101 01101111 01110101 01110011
do you love me? i know venom loves me    but do you?
serious bag is not amused 
my birth days in 6 dayz biznichs!!!!!!!!!
kyuubis not feeling good her tummy and her back hurtz v v
hey geuss what kyuubis staying in phhhhxxxx yay  don't think i could stand that shity rain cold wet lame depressing prep vill any fuckin longer gawd it good to be home on the other side it bad to lie i that same house     with both of my parents
oh and shes going to green way teehee
"my horscope the day mikey came and <propmale> out with me \ a friend who lives far away might call or e-mail you today, <propfirst>  your friend may be planning to visit your area and want to get together with you  this should make you very happy, although at first you may worry that job responsibilities will interfere  you can work around it  <propfirst> the date of your friend's arrival on your calendar and look forward to it "
"kyuubis all liek \agggghhh schoooll is difficult i'ma clean my boyfriends room\""  laugh """
this is knuckles and i'm back! i've been away for awhile  but i'm back  and i'm here to kick some butt at wild canyon  i shall find all the lost pecias of the master emrald  i'ma get thoes fools they wanna play with my emralds? there messin with the wronge guy! echid-oh-na! that's what i'm representin 
your all jerks 
i think i roll'd my ankel  sad  it hurts *sadface* i gotta be more careful    
is it just me? or     do the pic when you don't have a pic    look like darthvader     
kyuubi has strep d: shes not gonna make it to the first day of saboten con     *sadface*
pikachu dreds 1 out of 80    
i like it on my boyfriends bed 
"\a word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \"""""
its fall break and the kyuubi gotz lotz of home work but gotz to contact <propfirst> reaper asap to tell him he should have his birthday at fearfarm chuss that would be so much kooler then flipin greatskate
i'm trying to find <propfemale> hull or <propfemale> or other people from my anime club because i want the piccys from saboten-con damnit 
i like it on the ground with my backpack!
like this status and i'll   (1)tell you something i've learned about you by looking at your wall (2) tell you the color you remind me of (3)share my first memory of you (4) pick an animal that reminds me of you (5) ask something i've always wondered about you (6) tell you my favorite thing about you (7) give you a weird nickname ( smile  challenge you to post this
"i'm not easily phased by most things by now, but the fact that this skull is still screaming a week after i de-fleshed it is fucking scary "
i like it on colts table 
yay kyuubis myspace is connected to her face book  laugh 
kyuubi have food posioning  annoyed 
a young man by the name of <propmale> <propmale> toke his life last night  he was a real part of greenway highschool and his friends will dearly miss him  aims testing has been canceled tomorrow so that we can have social workers come to our classes and talk about the real severity of bulling l i will make a prayer in the earths name to hope his soul rests peacefully 
kyuubi like to dance dance like a <propfemale> kat
 laugh  you guys my birthday isn't actualy on oct 30  hahaha thank you so much thoe that makes me happy to be so loved
" laugh  kyuubi and kioni are gonna be models comment on my status if you'll sign her petition !\\also its my 1 year anniversary with <propmale> on saturday ! congrats to me excited for our date !"
when ever i look at the little thingy in the corner that sayas your anniversary with <propmale> purringtion saterday i wiggle a little and go eeeeee i'm so excited!
lol kyuubis gonna tease her hair up and none of you are going to see it mawhahahahahahahaha
we should <propfemale> out more  laugh !
ugh kyuubi has hoooommememememeee woooorrrkkkkkk bleh
like this post if you miss me when i'm not at school
hangin with people tomarrow!
kyuub lubs you (from http annoyed  lnk ms f6gdh)
kyuubi lubs you (from http annoyed  lnk ms f6gdh)
kyuubi lubs kazuki  laugh  (from http annoyed  lnk ms f6gdh)
"kyuubi is going to teach you all a little bit of <propmale> every day!!!!!!!\\a   (pronouced)=  ah"
"today kyuubi teachs you more german!!!\\bb sad beh)"
eating my favorite ramen! shrimp flavor!
playing robot unicorn attack just isn't the same with out the music
night night!
"kyuubi has been busy for the week end so hears the <propmale> for friday ,saturday an sunday  laugh dd\\c-(tseh)\d-(deh)\e-(eh)\\and today we learn a word for the first 5  laugh   <propmale>    in <propmale> is- deutsch pronounced dea oi uch"
when life gives you aids make lenomaids!
jerk ass firefox just crashed flipin fliper!
is it just me or am i the only on who sleeps <propfemale> her panties and who flip out if any body (including <propmale>) was just watching me when i slept half naked
"my mom got a turkey for thanks giving! she herd there was a recall on butter ball turkeys witch is the kind she got\\its chuss they didn't butter there balls  laugh \\ah thanks giving humor "
oh nose brother colt got sudden sick might need sugry! wish him luck!
colt is gonna be o tay  laugh 
kyuubi has a mohawk bitchs!
i'm wearing my boyfriends socks and i look adorable  laugh 
what do you all want for christmas goll damnit!
<propmale>!!!!!
all the friends that i have have fucked up familys    i'm starting to belive thats why i love them so   but what about me and <propmale>    what happens when our kids have a niceish normalish family seting    will they come out all snobby???
"changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, december6, there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories! this is a campaign against violence on children "
"why is every one picking  freaking pokemon  laugh \\i almost put sailormon but i decied on <propmale> chuss i haven't seen <propmale> for a really long time  laugh "
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only 4 words,what would you sayto me??? note: if you comment, you have to copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours!!! fair is fair   play along!"
"arther,blues clues,franklin,freakazoid,little bear,the proud family,captain planet,code luoko,justice ledge,x-men evolution,teen titans,yu- gi-oh,kim possible,jimmy neutron,ben 10,danny phantom,naruto,big o,outlaw star,tenchi muyo,zatch bell,batman beyond!,my gym partner is a monkey, <propfirst> and mandy,camp lazlo,evil con carne,i am weasel"
"rin and stimpy,doug,hey arnold,ahhhh real monsters,catdog,sailormoon,\\digimon,dragon ballz,transformers,invader zim,hello kitty,pinky and the brain\\cow and chicken,angry beavers,batman,2 stupid dogs,johnny bravo,rockos \modern life,dexter's laboratory,powder puff girls,samurai <propfirst>"
",magic \school bus\\<propfemale> thorn berry,rugrats,teen age mutant ninja turtles,power rangers,recces\\anamantics,sonic the hedgehog,pepperann,as told by ginger,rocket \power,inspector gadget,gargoyles,tom an jerry,mighty duck,winnie the \pooh,"
wtf whats up with the new <propmale> for dmc5 i'm piiiissseedd what happened to his beautiful white hair! hes so emo now! fu--
17 days till christmas already!!! i saw dat at nicholases house on the little (days till christmas) thingy with dah snowsman  laugh  guess what people   kyuubis on wow  and shes a newb!
kyuubi ish now a member of the w o w community   and shes an uber newb
we don't were <propfemale> because we want to show off how meany drugs we've done or even how meany raves we've been to   its really to show how meany new friends and interesting people we've met and what a life of oppertunitys we've opened  ourselfs up yo   now thats gone  because if the dipshits who don't know what its really like    to rave  plur 
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fl2b5
"hey\i'ma have a real! tea party ! who wants to cum!"
never ride without a raincoat          
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gj5kn
happy birthday mommy! *ish kyuubis moms birthday*
subscribed to project4awesome http annoyed  lnk ms hnsnj
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ghk1d
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms cq606
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gk4w4
"no cheating! post this on your <propfemale>, even if you're \ taken \"" & see what people want from you \",b3a23c0c28a583365a99efcf799b510e,"be positive    \\you just won the game    "
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f8vsz
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f8vsz
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hsjvr
"i\ma start this think were all mah boy-friends cal me mom and all mah girl-friends call me mommy! do it! cause i'm kyuubi and that would be very nice of your all to do that """
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gqrnd
"what the french toast! i got sent to a facebook like site and like all of them were racist\\i'm black inlaw (i have a black in law) so therefor i'm kinda black "
how did we meet? copy this to your status and see who remembers!  smile  you better do it!
like this and i'll tell you what i love most about you  repost 
just gonna go give mah wife a little pickle tickle  laugh 
* missed project for awsome because i was baby sitting d: noooooooo
"if you hit me i'll hit you back (verbally or literally)\\if you knock me down \\you'll come around again someday"
"i\ma start this think were all mah boy-friends cal me mom and all mah girl-friends call me mommy! do it! cause i'm kyuubi and that would be very nice of your all to do that"""
to people who are getin rid of there <propfemale> because of the new rule at school    give it to meh  laugh 
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dsgqv
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dsgqv
"3 days untill christmas!!!!!!\\who the fuck on my friends list is confused about there gender????"
"i just saw a friend post that they like daft punk and i remember that i hadn't posted what i did on my anniversary with <propmale>  we were in the therer waiting for the movie to start ad they showd a commercial of tron and at the end it said \music by daft punk\"" and i screamed at the top of my lungs \""i love daft punk\""    and every one just kinda turned and looked at me    it got real quite and then the movie started  """
"i'm so excited!!!!! 2 days 2 days 2 day \\god i love sailor <propfemale>   "
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms glnv0
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gmsrt
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gsf8g
"omg omg omg omg omgomggokfdpgodilg;hraiubd, jb \\its christmas <propfemale> an i'm like soooo excited!"
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gyg9x
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hsvsz
subscribed to haileylovesjordan http annoyed  lnk ms gskhb
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gtypg
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f8hhh
<propfemale> christmas!!!! i got a bucnha kick ass stuff!
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms csdxs
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gztd2
on jun 26 i told my elbow i was watching it and that i new it was going to betray me    to day    the one day i didn't watch it    it pulled a fast one on me    it poooted on my new shoes > >
hmm new years resolutions     go to more raves    finish all my dreds     have at least 3 suscessful partys    read at least 10 full chapter books graduate sophmore year with good grades in all my classes    and post more funny statuses to make me smile
"i\m having a tea party the  week end after school starts ! who will be there > >"""
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dt1xz
time you enjoyed wasting isn't wasted time ?
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms h1fns
my seattle friends make me feel poor
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms h3vrp
"\ hey listen i have this great relaxation technich    i'm going to need you to take all of your cloths off \""\",b3a23c0c28a583365a99efcf799b510e,its snowing it snowing omg i'm cold!
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j6xj1
my mom just gave me mint lipgloss that tingles when you put it on  laugh 
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jcs playful 
i\m dressing up every single day for my tea party    the way i will be dresing is the way you should dress for mah tea partay \,b3a23c0c28a583365a99efcf799b510e,"\wear both broken in our own little ways   were broken but we fit together just right   you know i saw the black inside your eyes   i saw they were eclipsed    like mine     and they looked just right \""\",b3a23c0c28a583365a99efcf799b510e,don't ferget to riz-bit to mah tea partay  laugh 
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hlmpy
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hnkxk
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hnkxk
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hnn2b
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hnnwc
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jj4ks
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jj4ks
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jlmfm
kyuubis sick d:
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hty50
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hv0gc
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hv2dm
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hv2gw
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hv2gw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hvdqf
that awkward moment in 2012 when were all still alive
best tea party ever
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms h playful gt
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms h playful gt
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hbk02
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f3bmf
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jxnlm
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j5tvp
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jxnlm
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j5tvp
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j5tvp
i wish my dad and my brothers (other then <propfirst>) were as kool as my mom     my moms fucking awsome    like this is you love yo momma
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jhytf
subscribed to jabooodystudios http annoyed  lnk ms hp4pm
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hn2f0
<propfirst> reynolds       has a facebook   and i'm his friend    kick ass
i'm going to draw a picture of a bone flower and enter it into a contest  wish me luckkkk!!!!
"posting my new video opening and the destruction of <propfemale> sand snow man\!"
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jhj0z
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jhksb
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hrmnh
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jj5wg
eyes that tell the truth are riddled with lies  - kyuubi krazy
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms cyxnx
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jjb59
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jm59c
<propfirst> <propfirst> *sqqqqqqquuuueeeeeeaaaaaallllll*  he just asked if a kid used to eat paint chips as a child  laugh d
kyuubis sick d: she just has a cold thoe
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dvm0c
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hyrby
if you wish to make an apple pie from scratch you must first invent the universe 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jqhxw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jqhxw
"i say like when ever i like something on facebook and i was siting here and i liked a resent post my good friend <propfirst> posted  my boyfriend then asked \what did you like\"" and i seid \"" a post that <propfirst> posted\"" and he go's \""wait what\"" and i repeat my self he laughs and gos \""oh i though you seid a post of a toasted nipple \""  laugh dddddd"""
theres this baby yeah see and i really love him      his names <propmale>      smile 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jt6xx
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j4j4k
shag carpeting
*gasp gasp gasp* just workd out for a hour and a half straight whoooo0  time for homework  
i've found 5 jalapeño rings in my macho french fries    wow  mah lucky day yeah!?
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jwhx9
if theres somthin to bitch about i'll bitch about it  smile 
subscribed to savanamazing http annoyed  lnk ms jzwzn
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jfzwz
subscribed to willsodyssey http annoyed  lnk ms jg1lj
you guys add my model facebook and get me out there! tell your friends! your family! your teachers! you teachers teachers! add <propfemale>!
subscribed to anewkindofawesome http annoyed  lnk ms k2k0y
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k2ksw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jhh laugh 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k2x4h
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hvhyr
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jhzrt
subscribed to zydratebitch http annoyed  lnk ms k306v
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms htylw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k5t69
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k5t69
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jdslc
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k4g77
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jmcb4
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jmd10
subscribed to tomska http annoyed  lnk ms 4b9r1
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k7scd
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jpff4
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fnxgv
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fnxgv
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gml4t
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k9371
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f3kz5
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f3kz5
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fm8zk
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kbpy3
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kbqbt
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms j1fq4
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jbhn4
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jbhn4
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms htljr
subscribed to gwatsky http annoyed  lnk ms htlmg
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kbsk9
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms frlcw
subscribed to charlieissoboredlike http annoyed  lnk ms cynlj
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ch0yb
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ch0yb
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms htjnq
subscribed to mattharding2718 http annoyed  lnk ms fbkzw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fww82
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kbgf5
subscribed to hayleyghoover http annoyed  lnk ms dvdsc
i thought i might bring up how fucking hot it is outside! i mean i just can't escape this heat  i laid in a bathtub of ice and i walked around in a bikini! nothing helped me get over this outrageous heat!
my moms so kool we have a fire in the fire place and she put the kettle on it to boil her water for her tea  laugh 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hkx4r
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jvkzy
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kbsyt
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kdwmx
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fww82
i saw a <propfemale> with a mustash    he was the most adorable (next to <propmale>) that i've ever seen in my life
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms drqxk
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms drqxk
subscribed to zabulover25 http annoyed  lnk ms kfs5s
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms js51f
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms htztd
that akward moment when your randomly staring at someone and they catch you then you swear up and down that you were looking at the wall behind them  
subscribed to countessgrotesque http annoyed  lnk ms g2ls3
subscribed to teapartyforone http annoyed  lnk ms kjm6q
kyuubi has snake bite bizzle!
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kl131
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kl13z
welp packers won
*nom nom* my lips numb lol
who wants to see mah snake bites?
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kmsth
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kmtj1
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jdvc4
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kmwnw
"how come god hogs up all the good followers and we get all the retards!\\for a limited time only you can have this handsom epidermis for the incey price of your soul and a butt load of pain!\\(kyuubis watching spawn)"
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jddcy
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jdvc4
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kmwnw
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kmsth
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jddcy
i'm asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will  my hope is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting -- (ms cannaday  love )
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kpqhl
subscribed to scimatarpictures http annoyed  lnk ms jj3nq
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jkqp2
subscribed to ven0mousdark http annoyed  lnk ms ktfmy
subscribed to pingpongsamuraipanda http annoyed  lnk ms ktgh3
kyuubi is kyuubi *sigh*
there must be a convention of people talking bad abut me d: *sneeze's for the thousandth time*
my boy and i celebrated our valentines day early  laugh  he got me a parchment book with a pretty <propfemale> on the front and a feather quill pen an magic blue ink! i already wrote a spell in it!  laugh 
subscribed to leafrulez http annoyed  lnk ms jpp8m
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kzb4f
"asking someone if they \get it\"" is the same as telling someone \""at this moment i am so much fucking smarter than you and i love it\"" """
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jqjjv
kyuubi is having severe chest pains ! she thinks she gots phenomena d:
happy valentines day  laugh  i got you all valentines but i'm sick dammit so forgive me for giving them out late!  love 
happy birthday arizona!
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jrb4b
that was the most painful sneeze i've ever had in my entire life!
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kdwjt
subscribed to dingdaily http annoyed  lnk ms jsmht
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kdsxc
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kdsxc
"dead pool \ bang bang bang bang bang \""  laugh  god dead pools so goofy woooo!!! new <propfemale> v s capcom!!!"""
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ds48c
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ds48c
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kj7ly
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kjz5h
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kk08t
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dm2lh
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dchjx
best gundam party ever!!!!!!!!!!
kyuubi has a favorite pillow! that she can't sleep with out!!
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k1drk
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k1fmm
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms k1fmm
what happened to kionis facebook!!!!!
"\cof cof cof\"" kyuubi is sick and can't stop cofing but her boyfriend got her some ice cream so shes feeling a little bit better meow  smile """
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gw78m
i went to matsuri both days! i got the lead singer from kitsune robots autograpgh! and i got a kick ass sepherioth poster!  laugh ! <propmale> out with every one on saterday and then today me and <propmale> went solo ! ubercool! but know i'm craveing more sushi!
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lb1dz
subscribed to kitsunerobot http annoyed  lnk ms kqqbd
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kqszl
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms kqs6n
nicks real sick d: takin care  of mah handsom man
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lrrkj
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jlz42
dance dance dance dance we got an apartment we got an apartment we don't have to live with mah dad no mores we got an apartment!!!! *wheeze wheeze * apartment! *cof falls over* wooh!
i like the hunger games o far its pretty awsome  school boring as usual   hay! if you play ravenwood add me also if you start playing do destroy all of your rocks! i'll talk to you about it later 
"go to your profile  the first 5 people on your friends list are your allies in the zombie apocalypse  are you screwed?\\<propmale> purringtion, <propfirst> saint ,<propfirst> foley , <propfirst> daniels , <propfemale> nichole\\honestly <propfemale> would drag us down    "
i got a 5 tear cupcake holder !!!!! the next tea party is being planed bitchs  
"\last night i had a dream about you!~ \"" god i love daft punk!"""
were all moved in 243 a !!!! come vist us!
who thinks i  party to much!?  if anything i don't party enough am i right!?
"me and <propmale> were talking and he all like \ the next gundam i'm geting is  the mushia gundam <propfirst> 1\"" and i looked at him with sad eyes \"" but japans under water \"" he looked am me an was all like \""ohhh yea\"""""
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lmtx1
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ltkb3
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jdslc
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms l114d
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms jdslc
subscribed to kerlimusic http annoyed  lnk ms dzfpk
i love my <propmale> so much!!  love 
i just learned how to play snake on youtube!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh dddd
subscribed to lonelyplanet http annoyed  lnk ms fwwx9
i've been using the internet for 6 years and today was the first time in my life were i got <propmale> rolled        
subscribed to raywilliamjohnson http annoyed  lnk ms 08jzw
my crab died  sad 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms fpcgh
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mjtnl
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mdsv5
to day i was at <propmale> taco and i asked <propmale> for a taco and he said no and then i said its to celebrate the newb and he said no again    but then when we was walkin away this nice lady gave me a taco because she seid she was to full to eat it an was just gonna trow it in the trash      but i don't think i trust that taco    
subscribed to sxephil http annoyed  lnk ms 0kyzw
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mlb3s
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mlrpm
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mlhmb
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mqqmx
i'm spendin tonight at mah dads  smile   thinkin about mah handsome man and how much i luvers him 
i'm a <propfemale> child! are you? integrity love unity i l u  www iama<propfemale>child net
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mrgmt
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mrgmt
i uploaded a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mrtts
 laugh  my fair look awsome!!!!!cheak out mah new vids and devotions  surprise 
lol i don't even own a sombrero lawl!
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mwhcy
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms gwktp
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mylkk
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dhffn
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ftjhk
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lz96k
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms myshm
i don't feel good d:
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mylkk
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms myshm
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lz96k
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dhffn
dance     i'm learning industrial dance!  smile  kick ass
subscribed to tobuscus http annoyed  lnk ms 9gtnz
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ftjhk
everybodys talkin poo about each other   kyuubi don't like that   
at lunch today i accidentally picked up my friend <propfirst>'s pack pack  laugh  i didn't notice untill 2 classes later in the class that he had me  in lol i ended up runing to the front office and finding out that my pack pack had been brought there 
<propfirst> has been doing these truths that he really hasn't told anyone    i'm kinda inspired so i'ma do dat tew!!!!!
i have to pee
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f9tsz
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mpkmh
subscribed to heardyoulikeamvs http annoyed  lnk ms cbmw6
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mrfgn
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mt41b
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lqdpt
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms lqdpt
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dhzfg
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms dxstk
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mwcwg
my lips are numb from duct tape
 confidential 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mwqzj
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms n0gjg
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms l7tkq
lookin fer old friends  playful 
peace out facebook!
glados : so how hav you been doing? i'm a potato 
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms m2xbf
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms m2xbf
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hhxyv
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms m6tfr
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hhxyv
i gota bucket for easter!!!!!!! who wants to go to the park with me!!!!!? oh !  i also got  a giant hello <propfemale> easter basket!! i'm so spoiled!
subscribed to nicepeter http annoyed  lnk ms ck78s
happy zombie jesus day!!!!!!!
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms l8hry
your facebook has been jacked
subscribed to isosine http annoyed  lnk ms nr6jf
subscribed to theeantoinette http annoyed  lnk ms nr88z
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms cqsh2
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms m2xbf
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f6gqw
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms f6gqw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hcbqb
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms hcbqb
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms nv6k3
i favorited a youtube video http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=manjmyg6eaw&feature=autoshare
i hope you all had a happy prom!! i ate shis cha bobs and played with  a 20 dollar crochet  set ! much fun!
subscribed to jackcooktv http annoyed  lnk ms mlxvp
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mnfjw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ny5js
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms mnfjw
i liked a youtube video http annoyed  lnk ms ny5js
subscribed to kandeejohnson http annoyed  lnk ms 2hwpm
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey    space   
