9e9ccbf941d6c4ba3545b06a679e589f
"thought 3rd time would be enough     but i still want to see the hangover again, laughs and laughs"
munch
bored
needs more jump-skills
home and making more friendship bracelets for people    again     at least this time i am drunk
"ran out of black string       off to the fabric store, then liquor store"
loves having a phone with a dead battery
"haren vs  cain, should be a good game tonight"
wishes he had a chef
thinks wikipedia is fun
"i am so bored     please kill me, with cake"
another puzzle solved
thinks moving furniture in 100 degree heat is not the best way to keep yourself from getting smelly
"is writing a super lame program about cars, this is so weak"
"yay, new minesweeper top score    92 seconds on advanced  smile "
"made a bracelet for <propfirst> maier, and it is argyle-esque     a bracelet for a bracelet is my new motto      but i still like my old motto"
so bored     this blue <propfemale> should help with that
"alcohol and string has given me an idea for a bracelet involving hearts, and another involving flowers              i am so lame"
can o' beans
sweet i get dinner tonight
grand <propfemale> pooh-bah
rvb  laugh 
wants a beer
"oh look at the time, it's beer o'clock"
why did i put off all my homework till the last minute????????????
it was too hot at work today     ug smell awful
so hungry    
that was splendeforous
well the cards arent gonna be 6-0 in the division this season
i love my penguin pajamas
yum yum yum
too much beer to finish my test program      will have to finish it in class  laugh 
"yay to <propfemale>, thanks for the pics  smile "
giants lookin good tonight for their playoff push
i am out of clean penguin pajamas  sad  need more than 3 pairs         
up too early    damn you work!!!!
ug    
slept in today        for once
just loves smelling like sweat and garbage after work
sometimes i wish i was a leprechaun
bored
i feel so bad for the girl squirrel in disney's the sword in the stone
i wonder why no one ever told me i look like <propfemale> duff?
sunday off means homework day    yay
damn you <propfirst> farve!!!!! why did you leave your retirement home you old sob
i found my old penguin key chain         yay for me
had a whee bit to drink at and after bowling
time to make bracelets         <- dork
ug     
yay bonfi       aw
mmmm    gummi bears
why is making a friendship bracelet with stars so hard?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
"one bracelet down, 4 to go    this week is gonna suck"
2 down
"4 down, 2 to go"
no work for me today
twilight rifftrax  laugh ; it's gonna be amazing!!!!
"so, i saw actually watched twilight toady    and i have to say, what the hell is wrong with all the girls who love it     it was so stupid!"
bowlingbowlingbowlingbowling
cs + stats back on = no life for <propfirst>
do you know what i am saying?
snarf!
"bowling soon, gotta beat <propmale> this week after last weeks failure"
i give up
so happy  laugh 
"two steps forward, two steps back        going nowhere and sick of the scenery"
i love waking up to donuts
plans for the weekend       friday- study at the library                                   saturday- study at the library                                     sunday- study at the library a life full of variety
why is homework impossible to do at home?????
i hate being sick
yay for zombieland!
i am tired of being sick dammit!
"i can never bowl well on the third game dammit, lanes dry up too much for my ball"
me so hungy
i am so confused!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"it's not uncharted, you lost the chart!"
"rank 50 to rank 5 in a week, god i am a nerd"
"do you believe in love at first sight, or at the very least stalking someone 'til they panic and give it up?"
i want to go to there
"i want to watch <propfemale> wars, but with the audio track re-record with <propfirst> walken saying everyone's lines (even r2's and chewie's)"
i love potatoes and carrots
"wowie wow, these waffles   are blowin' my mind"
walkin' the plank
"counting sheep     um, what comes after 10 again?"
all hail the hypnotoad!
i drank so much that i won a calender
<propfirst> lajoie is pretty funny
"oh my god, i dont have a job!"
pound cake for cake day!!!!!!
i'll bring the beards
"oh noes, i is working on cake day"
oh my god    it's vd
oh noes      my cupcakes!!!!
waaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh        a boo boo boo boo boo
"i am proud to say i now understand everything after a marathon of \clarissa e playful lains it all\"""""
