985575b2fbdb18c30246334705fd305e
im stationed in <propmale> but reception is in sentennial? i dont get it
it sucks when you want to hug someone you miss when all you have is their picture 
"how many peices can my heart tear into?\how many wishes can i wish it not to?\i look at the sky and see the stars \as i rub my body and its battle scars \i ran so fast that i feel like jello,\will i give up? fucking hell no!\my will is to strong for my hopes to die \as we fall into darkness and listen to the world cry \follow our ancesters footsteps as we march on \we dominate our enemies from here to kingdom kong "
it's not only my job as a citizen to protect my neighbors but as a soldier to aid the world's population
i hate being lazy   but its so easy to do lol
my right bicept is sore
"ok sooooo i was at water world and this girl said \he has bigger boobs then i do!\"" pointing to me    and i was thinking   she called me fat!!!"""
night guys t2ul
gtg for now be back soon lol
"if i can make a girl fall in love with one kiss then i don't want her    \but if she likes me for who i am then thats better   \now if she stays with me through all my faults   thats what im looking for"
neglected or forgotten??
if she leaves you because she needs space then she's a bitch   if you leave her because you need space   she's probably a bitch lol funny stuff
"how come whenever a cute girl wants to talk to me my younger cousin is with me and i have to ignore the \sighns\"" because im trying to be a \""role model\""     *sigh oh well"""
how come my cousins cant get the concept of if i dont answer their question that means im ignoreing you   not come closer and ask me again lol
be back on l8trz chow
how come when i lived in cali nobody called to <propfemale> or said hey what's up? but now that i live in co everybody wants me to come visit? am i that annoying friends that no one wants around unless they are gone? 8*(
can someone give me a massage??    please??
i've decided to close my eyes and wish the day to be over    at least the working part
*sigh ya ya ya   you talk to me then you  you laugh and giggle but in the end you stop   
so cute  so nice  so far away 8*(
"water world adventures!!!!    ok before it closed during the week i went to water world one day   and some lady came up to me and hugged me!!! she said as she was hugging me   \awww good job honey!!!\""    i turned around and said woooooow   lol she freaked out and walked off laughing    leaving me scarred for life 8*("""
what's on your mind!!!???
i'm to lazy to take a shower!!!   in the shower   i'm to lazy to get out of the shower!!!!   
ryan     --   ryan     --   ryan     --   ryan     whaaaaaaaaaaaaat!!!!!!!!     xo     good night i love you   oo    8*(
i don't hate you for who you are!!! i hate you for being alive!!!>8o
"a good friend once asked me what would baby jesus say   during math class   my reply was \fuk this sht\"""""
awww memories    sweet sweet memories   and then you pop up >8o
leave me the fuk alone!!!! can't you be nice about it? fine   please leave me the fuk alone!!!
i wonder wht it would be like if i was in my brothers body?
ever had a girl you like soooo much come up to ask you a question   and your like oh my god oh my god oh my god!!! then she asks if your gay??? then your like      oo w    t    f      i'm sorry do i know you?
when i said i'm going to watch a movie   i ment i'm going to watch a movie   as in me    aloooone!!!
hey sometimes i get bored so don't believe everything on my post
the power of love
take my breath away
i don't want to miss a thing
all my life
if your not the one
just a dream
my uncle is a dumbass
tiiiiiirrrrrreeeeed  just got done playing softball  from ^p m to 11 smile 0 pm i'm beat   well night gotta get up at 4 to get ready for work lol
just got bak from dinner with my mom and brother   i am full!!!
can't sleep
k imma try and go to sleep   again   *sigh
today was a good day    after work ate at the aquarium and <propmale> out with my bro   then chilled and watched movies now    watch more movie lol
today was a bitch!!!
"i close my eyes and let it rain\as i let my body absorb the  pain\my heart is sore from all the sorrow\wonder what lifes got installed for me tomorrow"
payday!!!    tomorrow
great   here comes the cold   and the crybabies
to fricken hot in the house
off to drill i go!!
now what?
"fck it i'm single until i have the following     house, the job i want, and at where i want to be for the rest of my life  game over"
night all
americaaaaa!!!!!
*sigh
oo
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vascylfpnri
told her she would stop talking to me eventually
i'm tired but don't want to go to sleep!!
"i need a date for tomorrow   i'm going to the movies by myself on my b-day   no date  sad \    no family   sad    no friends    sad    some birthday   maybe i should just sleep all day"
i'm officially 20!!!!
thx for all the happy b-days!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=a-wk-rllwka
night all
why was my account suspended!?!?!? wtf!!!
if you thought it was hot today i'm sorry    i had my shirt off all day
i'm tired
i got a new job
i'm officially going to the <propmale> institute of colorado    classes start monday
i'm ready to sleep haha   work at 5am   just talked to one of my best friends i havn't talked to in a while   classes start monday    new job starts tuesday   i'm a happy camper
what to do today
classes tomorrow
in class wonder how it's going to go?
long day ahead of me
night all
i love mcchickens 
that wasn't me??
i'm in the writing poetry kind of mood   hmmmmmmm what to write
i belive the unpradictable   i can see the undetectable   i can hear the missunderstandable   i can feel the undeniable   but my voice can't be perpetual   it can not be respectable   because the world is inevitable to most incredible judgmental disrespectfull personal greed to self compatible ecstaical practical need!
no matter how many times i say i don't want one my heart begs to differ
it shouldn't matter where you are for you to be who you want to be   it should matter who you are to be where you want to be 
i feel empty
i have a a surprise that no body will e playful ect buahahahahaha
cant wait till thursday!!!!!
2 more dayyyys!!!!
               
if every right has a wrong   how can i go left?? laugh 
who is wise? he that learns from everyone  who is powerful? he that governs his passions  who is <propmale>? he that is content  who is that? nobody  -<propmale> <propmale>
what whispers in the wind and gives you a chill? what warms your soul and gives you a thrill? what destroys your thrive to feel alive? what earns your drive to survive? what makes you smile when you hurt to much? what makes your stomach turn by a single touch? what e playful lains all the above? its a simple word strictly know as love
*sigh boooooooorrrrrreeeeeedddddd
life's complications are easy to find   but the solutions are deep in our minds
"there is a point in time where shock will destroy our emotions   and the brink of <propfemale> will evolve our courage to a forward motion   in the end we learn from our mistakes and cry because of fear   but then again you see us standing tall, because fear is no longer here "
why do i do this to myself?
if you let something into your heart make sure it wants to be there   otherwise it will leave pain in its place
sup guys!!! i feel like writing poetry so feel free to give me ideas
"i am define\addicted to individuality\my personality\demands the reality\ending in prejudice\finding the steps i miss\i dismiss the hiss\never ending bliss\enter my mind i am define"
im an idiot
why do i even bother when i should just keep my mouth shut and mind my own buisness
arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrg im sooooooooooooooo stuuuuuuupiiiiiiid!!!!!!!!!!!!
"well friends i messed up once again   2 years i haven't felt like this about a girl and i ruin my rep for being sweet, respectful, and that feeling like you want to be around me, because i over reacted  if i could i would take everything back but i can't and i hurt her "
i don't know maybe somewhere deep down in her heart she will give me a second chance   maybe
now i can't sleep cuz i feel horrible
ok friends imma go lay down and try to fall asleep or just stare into space and think of a way to make it up to her
well still can't sllep
i feel empty
my 2 biggest fears are hurting someone i love and them not forgiving what i've done   i will never forgive myself for my actions
ok   i'm done being sorry for myself   i figure she will accept my apology and start talking to me when she is good and ready   if she never does then it's my loss
yay!! i think i made her happy   but i still feel like shit  annoyed 
i feel great   
ok?? that shocked me but at least i know
oh ya         
i don't feel great anymore   imma go cry now 8*(
i think imma write poetry all day that will make me feel better!!
im soooo hungry!!!!!!!!!!!
im making a huge pot of mac'n'cheese with hotdogs
great   i just can't win   i suck  annoyed 
i'm starving!!
imma go roam the streets maybe go eat something    denny's!!??
*sigh i didnt go to <propfirst>'s cuz my mom is coming into town and i want to go with her not by myself   and i didnt want to eat alone  sad  soooo i got the mcdonalds 50 piece instead with sweet tea
i got this message saying im someones stalker and i didnt even know i was their friend lol
well im off to bed night!!
my mom is coming to town   no basketball tonight   sorry
unless she wants to see adri play
haha a couple weeks ago i got pissed off at <propfirst> and made a hole in her door with my elbow   there was a huge splinter so i pulled it out and it made that gross sound from a horror movire right!! well i thought that was that no big deal  
"well today in the shower i notice white coming out of my muscle  thought it was puss so i tried popping it   lol it was more splinters, gross right well i kept squeezing   \and more splinters came out lol thank god for a good immune system  laugh "
yay!! i get to spend the day with the woman who loves me the most!!
ye   ahhhh lol my day was great!!   hung out with my mom   went out to eat   played zombies with my cuz    then watched a couple basketball games   now i start my new job tomorrow   feeling good real good!!! oh and my mom saw the girl i like    of course she approves   but ya imma sleep cuz i work from 8 to 5
"damn i want to celebrate but i have no friends in co 8*(   well i do but they are working   and the girl i like never wants to <propfemale> out cuz she is always with her friends   fml!!!!   guess its gunna be me, myself, and i    hmmm i think i'll play a little basketball   maybe see a movie and dinner   *sigh all    by    myself!!"
fuck it im going  to hooters   ive been craving their wings!!
imma see the mechanic
daaaaaamn!!!  its paaaaaaaaaaaaacked!!!!!! good thing i went alone
night friends  today was cool   went to my new job  found out for the first 3 weeks i will be working full time   then part time   means big check for me lol   went to the rec to shoot some hoops   worked out my legs  did some squats  surprisingly squatting 315 wasnt to difficult  guess i was in the moment lol   saw the mechanic  pretty good  went to hooters ate some wings   delicious!! well night
im going to the jacuzee after work smile 
that was relaxing time to shoot some hoopz
im addicted to this song right now lol
pursuit of happiness  kid cudie
well that settles that oh well my fault   sometimes my way of doing things isnt the best way
i told her the truth lets see if she wants to kill me lol
its official she hates me
girls are very difficult next time im waiting for a girl to tak to me
ya so i let my emotions get the best of me
night friends have to go to work at 3 smile 0 am uhhhhhhh fml!!! lol oh well finally got some income coming lol
"as the the world goes round so does my emotions, as the the sun goes down so does my devotions, and when i close my eyes my heart starts to pound as i think how love makes the world go round"
i hate the fact that i counteract my love with insecurity   its to cruel to find a <propfirst> and treat it with impurity    hold my hand as i stand and make the choice of realization   i'll give you my heart so we will never part from my on proclomation
now  eye dea & abilities   best rap song   
imma have milk and cookies before i go to sleep  night all
sooooooooom hungry!!!!!! frosted flakes anyone?
"just found out im working from 4am to 1pm on wed, thurs, and friday   which is good i guess   no traffic on the way home lol"
pb & j sounds awsome!! but there is no milk in the house!!! >8o
i hate the fact that people think the speed limit lowers when it snows    it doesn't!!!! >80 go the flippin speed limit!!!! arrrrrrrggghhhh!!!!
fml night guys have to get up in 4 hrs for work >8o
yessss one more day then its the weekend!!!
i am blind by my own deception    all i hear is corruption    i feel no physical pain but the tears of my soul    i whisper the strands of curiosity as i dream    the shadow of e playful ectancy is an over cast    and all hope is lost in the eyes of prejudice    i    am the underdog
i wish i was in cali   i should have never left  sad 
i close my eyes and pretend to be with my friends and my family    i embrace the fact that i cannot see the to thin line of reality    everyday i have to say how did my life end up this way?  the only true love is from above    no prejudice  no regretfulness no hate one fate    thats why i wish upon a <propfemale>
i close my eyes and pretend to be with my friends and my family    i embrace the fact that i cannot see the to thin line of reality    everyday i have to say how did my life end up this way?  the only true love is from above    no prejudice  no regretfulness no hate one fate    thats why i wish upon the stars to get rid of these scars of the sorrow of tomorrow
"damn!! its snowing a fuck ton where im working at\ >8o"
hell ya 20% in evergreen >8o   50% in <propmale>  laugh 
ok my peeps    what is one thing you think i should change about myself and why?
yeeeeahhh day off tomorrow and tuesday    anyone want to hit the clubs?
i'm hella bored message me something you don't think i knew about you and i will reply the same
i love her so much and i get to see her this weekend yay!!
"just got home from work!!! \looks at schedule     7amto11\"" fuuuuuuuuck >8o"""
party to night!! hitten the clubs!! finally havnt been in a long while lol
well nobody wants to chat sooo night all
day off today and tomorrow  lets party!!
off to bed   cuz wants me to write a song for her for a talent show   any suggestions?
i feel bleh
you cant stop the future and you cant prevent the past  but you can keep memories  things change embrace it   its life 
one day i will smile without someone asking me to  so stop asking
uhhh i have to work at 4am soooo guess im out for the night   sweetdreams folks
<propfemale>
wrote a poem in my notes check it out everybody! leave a comment too
got some new kicks and a jacket pics will be up latrz so you can check it out
the best advice of living your life is actually to live your life
"damn!! i promised my bro that if he got a gf i would start trying    but i'm to shy --\and i hate talking to girls they make me retarded -- *sigh what to do what to do   surprise !   i know i will change my name and disappear  laugh      surprise ! wait!? i have no where to go and to many people would miss me xo   damn!"
cant work cuz im pissed
fml im stuck in traffic >8o i just want to go home!!@@
lonely
ok cool did 100 push-ups in 2min now to work on my sit-ups
