783d8966471916eacf73f33d7c497488
fukk it   im openin a beer  laugh 
blah
"every single one of you are on my friend list as the result of a \conscious decision  i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you \as friends, but also as family!!! lets see who in my friends list \actually pays attention copy and paste this in your status  i will be \watching to   see who really is paying attention "
who knows me best? my full name  age  eye color  birthday  & bestfriend  copy to your status and see who knows you best!  smile 
missin my babys while im at youthbuild
waitin on <propfemale> just left grandmas she ain't lookin to good
well i think its time for a change in my life
just hold your breath and take the plunge fuck what everyone says
ugh    its been a long day the fucking cadillac broke on my way home and i left my phone in it   so hopefully ill get it back tomorrow   on the good side i get to take the truck tomorrow : )
had a much better day but im tired as hell
what a crazy day
well after tonight bens got the baby for the weekend and im ready to go out and have a girls night
i like it on the bed
people need to figure out their shit
sittin at angies bonfire    happy birthday baby
had a fuckin blast last night and this mornin love you <propfemale> baby
rawr!!! im fuckin bored
babysittin <propmale> waitin on dad and steph to get home so i get my turn to go out for a lil
"i\ have carried a baby in my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i \have kissed booboos, been puked, peed & pooped on  woke up to a \hungry baby and stayed up all night with a sick baby  but i wouldn't \have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look \in the mirror, i   see a mom and there is no greater honor or blessing  \make this your status if you are proud to be a mom "
fuck! why can't phones and water get along
waitin on <propmale> to put his baby to sleep so i can go see him  wink 
"aaacchooo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  copy & paste this to your status if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, headgames, liars,& fake people!! keep this sneeze going    omg this is so true   "
one love to all of those  who stood by me through all the lows  and they came out to my shows    and gave me a reason  to pick up this hatchet  and run with the family scream psychopathic 
gonna go out with the girls!! maybe itll take my mind off things
havin a blast wit <propfemale> and lynnsay   kinda drunk lol
fuckn theiving ass niggers
sorry that last post was <propfemale>   lol   she thought she was on hers  but i had a hella good night  smile 
dont feel very good but imma fix that later  smile 
"sorry\everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 \fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  \this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive \within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, \   will be without money  i cannot let that person be    me     copy within\11 <propfemale>  good luck       "
had a pretty good night again   prolly gonna have another headache tomorrow   lol   had a blast wit all the girls  love you all  a lil mad <propmale> passed out but itll be all good imma wake him up a lil later to go to bed  wink 
ugh i dont wanna clean    maybe gonna see <propmale> later  wink 
grrr a lil frustrated but hopefully thatll be fixed tomorrow  wink 
gggrrrrrrrrr           
mmmm   i feel much better  bout ready for bed
"pleasecopyand paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affectedby someone who needs a foot up the ass  people who need a foot up theass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someonewho deserves a foot up the ass, except a foot up the ass  but    we      can raise awareness    93   % of    people won't repost this  because they too need a foot up the ass"
how come every time your havin a really good day someone has to piss you off
had fuckin fun with <propmale>   hopefully ill be able to go back over there for a lil
bored at school wishin i was still at harleys
girls night  wink 
"so let me get this strait, what pisses you off more the fact that i'm happy ,or the fact that your not?"
goin to see <propmale> so the girls can play  wink 
youthbuild!!!
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your    status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship "
this sucks   my poor little baby is sick  sad 
mother fuckity fuck fuck
have you ever had one of those days where you just wanna punch everyone in the face?    i think todays my day
me and <propfirst> got our piercings!! i got my lip and she got her eyebrow   and we both did it like champs!!  playful 
i think my sanity is playin peek-a-boo wit me
omg! is all i can say right now  smile   smile   smile 
gonna try this ? thing   so send me a ? to my inbox and ill answer completly honest in my status
fuckin douschbag mother fuckers need to stay the fuck outta my fuckin business   you can kiss my fuckin white ass
q: if you were stuck on a deserted island whats one thimg you would absolutly need? a: an unlimited supply of rum
might be finally getting an apartment   the chick is gonna call tomorrow and if so im gonna have the most amazing roomies ;*
ppl are so dumb   
so im thinkin bout goin on a massive killing spree i already got a few on the list   and a couple ppl helpin   anyone else wanna join? or add anyone to the list?
in a bad mood                   
irritated wit all this dumb drama   hope i hav fun tonight
gettin ready to head up to la salle  sad 
fuck the world     
"you and i wake up in a jail cell together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as\well!"
 smile   wink   playful 
bbbrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr            
ugh     fuck this shit
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes  smile 
we all fall   r i p  grandma   we all love you
it's good to know who's really there and who's not 
i hope i made the right decision   
i knew it   fuck you
ugh   shitty day
1st i know you cant read or hear this but i want to tell you that i love you and miss you  i will everyday for the rest of my life   2nd i miss my girls  i wish shit could be like it used to be  3rd if you have a <propmale> your a douche bag and i hope you choke on every lie you ever tell a woman 
my baby girl is soooo spoiled  smile 
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile 
ugh i hate boys      
"inbox only!! (if your brave enough)2010 is almost over confess somethin youve always wanted to ask or tell its 100% private!! put this as your status, u might be surprised!!"
happy 1st birthday baby girl!!! mommy loves you ! ?????
"don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does free tipsy tow: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk self and your car home for free  save this number 1-800-222-4357  please re-post this if you want to keep everyone safe this new year!"
on the run wit bri and <propmale> again   i think were goin to saybrook this time  smile  at least it gets me outta this town and away from bloomington  ?u babygirl
ugh   fml
"i'm a bitch!   unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  if you're a bitch repost this   i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who repost"
redbull ;*
my babys in jail  sad  i hope he gets out tomorrow  kiss  love you
wishes life was all rainbows and unicorns
roadtrip with my baby and the fam
"<propmale> \so nani they say everything is bigger in texas do the clouds look bigger?\"" <propmale> \""they actually do look bigger\"" hahaha wow baby  kiss """
