28c3c2d2ec273ef78ce41889bfb51d91
sang a lovely rendition of 'one step closer' tonight  watch out <propmale> 
christmas is coming down very slowly  it takes a lot longer with sick babies 
"tut tut, looks like rain  tut tut "
is trying to get new pic's up on fb to no avail   
"rain is so demotivating, unless you are trying to get motivated to take a nap "
what a beautiful day!!! <propmale> & i had fun at the park! now i just want to do some nesting  no one understands 
"no name, no baby, but his bed is ready to go (for when he needs it in 3 months)"
definitely a day for a nap and more weird prego dreams 
is going out for a girls night; just me & sis 
is going to scoop her left eye out 
is the only lame one on fb on a saturday night 
wishes she was still sleeping
gots <propfemale> get to gettin'; running errands in the rain 
did i move to maine or washington?
"target today, then geofs baseball game"
3rd cancelled prenantal appt out of 6     starting to get really annoyed
"home from church, carters napping, hubby's getting a haircut  looks like it's my nappy time too!"
off to my 2nd 28 wk appt; hopefully they don't send me home this time!
why am i up at 3 smile 0 in the morning making it the 3rd time tonight? idk ask <propmale>  really brings me back   
pouring rain makes me feel like not running errands
is going to <propmale> & <propfirst>'s!!! woooohoooo!
woohooo     my computer is finally fixed!! thanks fiddleman!
great now i'm addicted to farkle
<propmale> wants to go to the park today 
growing a baby is exhausting 
<propmale> has discovered ants and bubbles and he is fascinated!
finally got my computer back round two  hopefully this is it 
is missing central air & wishes she was sleeping 
taking <propmale> to the zoo today; aunt <propfemale> & uncle <propfirst> are coming too!
off to the beach instead; maybe zoo tomorrow!
<propmale> had so much fun at the zoo today  he liked the goats and ducks the best  they're so exotic!
aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst> just left to head back home  i'm so glad they came to visit and sad to see them go  i miss them already!
just got done sewing uniforms; now off to bed!
"going to salem, nh today; might have to stop for some bertucci's! yum "
needs to clean her house before a very busy tomorrow 
doesn't want to go to the grocery store  it's the worst 
had a fun night at the diemers playing apples to apples!
"<propmale> has a 102 fever and is not himself today, so we have to go to the doctor & make sure he's ok "
"is very sad  punkin, my big orange cat, is mia  he escaped from a 2nd 3rd story window "
please come back punkin  we miss you 
punkin just came home! i'm so relieved  now i will be able to sleep tonight 
"is bored, so i guess i'm boring "
"cops, cops, amw  lame saturday as usual "
can't sleep since 4 a m 
really loves her sweet baby boy
slept til 8 smile 0 because it's dark and <propfemale> outside  smile 
just visited the new target in greenland  they have real groceries and futuristic carts 
needs her critter to do a 180 
"is getting a pedicure and her hair did this afternoon, then going out for a girls night!"
just went out with sis for sushi and a movie; fun night!
waiting for my baby boy to wake up so we can go have a picnic 
<propmale> & i just got back from our picnic at <propmale> park 
has cankles and elephant feet 
is wondering if babies can sleep too much?
is wondering if as hot there as it is here 
is going to the beach  it's too hot to stay here 
has a baby that's totally attached to a blanket  how did that happen?
is wondering if anyone has had acupuncture and can tell me that it's not as bad as i think it's going to be 
so far the acupuncture didn't work   
missed my scheduled afternoon nap due to some spyware our computer picked up  will be going to bed early tonight 
enjoying an ice-cold delicious vernors courtesy of aunt <propfemale>
uhhhhhh whatever 
had my ultrasound today; baby is head down! <propfemale> happy and soooo relieved!
excited for my baby shower this afternoon; get to <propfemale> out with the ladies!
had a lot of fun at my shower today! thank you so much to <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
gets dropped like a hot potato every time roommate shows up 
this house is eerily quiet without <propmale>   
lots to finish before baby shows    not feeling too well and lacking the motivation to get it all done  bad time for a cold  9ish days to go!
facebooks gone crazy    showing status updates from 5 days ago and none from yesterday?
the office reruns and pizza    going to be a good night!
wishes <propfemale> would upgrade from 'map' to gps  it's really annoying when she repeats directions 14 times 
is ready to get down to it; if only critter was 
sawyer <propfirst> ruczko arrived thurs sept 17th at 8 smile 0 pm  he was 8 lbs 13 oz and 20 in long  he is a little angel and is doing great!
got in trouble today for doing too much too soon     bummer 
cannot wait for 8 p m  to come today!
phewww!
doesn't want to go out in the wind and rain  it looks really cold from in here 
dislikes mopping a lot; esp when there is so much to mop 
wants to cuddle up in bed; it's chilly this morning!
a very lonely sunday    
is completely disgusted with 'balloon boys' parents  some people are really pathetic 
dancing with <propmale> in the kitchen to t i 
carters 18 month check-up today  i can't believe it 
can't believe sawyer has gained three pounds already!
two sick babies = very long day
thinks it's sad that i feel like i won a prize bc i received the h1n1 vaccine today 
is trying to look on the bright side 
"beyond tired, time for bed "
to the doctors with sawyer today; praying they can help him keep something in his belly 
sawyer is smiley and gurgly this morning; so cute! hope it lasts awhile 
always out of the loop
what's with all the shooting? it's terrible  i'm wondering if these crazies set each other off 
another crazy friday night  watch out 
is hoping geof gets off work at a decent time so we can make it to the bonfire 
any idea involving taco <propfemale> is never a good idea 
going to bed before i run out of time 
got a horrible haircut yesterday  why do i let people talk me into going to someone new?
sunset was 4:23 pm today  gotta love being this far ne at this time of the year 
"guess there will be no walking along the coast today  maybe i should start checking the weather  oh well, making my <propmale> french toast for breakfast "
<propfemale> deens homemade <propmale> n cheese for dinner with smoked sausage  yummy comfort food!
want to power up on flexeril and vicodin so i can vacuum my house 
sawyer had his 2 mo  check today  he's already grown 4 inches and gained 5 pounds!
"as i was walking across the living room, i tripped on <propmale>'s toy drum  now he keeps kicking it then saying \oow!\""  i love when i get made fun of by my 1 1 2 year old """
facebook just quit on me  i can't view news feed or chat 
my baby slept 9 hrs straight last night! too bad <propmale> woke up with a nightmare again 
thinks i'm in trouble  <propmale> spent all morning at church chasing after a sweet little girl 
"no trivia, no photo of the day, no chat  what up with that facebook?"
happy thanksgiving to all! hope that everyone has a <propmale> to really reflect on all they have to be thankful for  count your blessings today and every day 
i would very much like a cortisone injection 
the crazy wind ripped our storm door off 
feeling a bit stronger and thankful to not be in pain; beautiful day and looking forward to a cookie swap later!
<propmale> thinks it's funny to stick his cold hands and feet all over me 
"does anyone want a set of christmas dishes? service for 8, has dinner plates, dessert plates, bowls, latte mugs, serving tray, cookie jar and salt and pepper shakers  it's country <propfemale> by <propfemale> winget "
ruined both of my tree skirts last night by washing them  sad 
getting very anxious bc i need to go to the grocery store sometime today  i would rather scrub my entire shower with a toothbrush than shop on a weekend 
got some christmas shopping done this evening and had a nice dinner out with sis 
is hoping this slushy mess doesn't freeze later on  i don't think i'm going to leave the house today 
i have the best baby in the world; he let me sleep through the whole night! and now he's back asleep so i can take a shower in peace 
"got some more christmas shopping done today; the end is near, i can feel it "
came out of the laundry room and couldn't figure out why everything smelled minty; until i found my burts bees all mangled 
going to try to make some candy-coated pretzels today and finish a little painting project; these are the things that nap time is for 
"is wondering who the rustic overtones are and what has happened to alternative music  i guess it was inevitable that this day would come, i was just hoping it would come much later "
here we go a christmas shopping again  hopefully the boys behave 
already out of room under the tree; 2 more gifts to buy and stocking stuffers then i'm done! just have to ship some stuff to mi
tired of shopping    
one more trip to target (3rd day in a row) and i'm done; shipping packages today  now the house cleaning can begin  sad 
doesn't want to walk to the mailbox  too cold!
maine is the 10th happiest state; see how others rank! http annoyed  www livescience com culture 091217-happy-state-list html
"no church this morning; made a go at it, but the roads aren't even cleared  all dressed up and snowed in  why aren't they plowing the side roads?"
"made peanut butter balls and they are delicious! tomorrow, snickerdoodles (since i didn't make them today)  <propmale> had fun sledding with auntie <propfemale>, and got to watch <propfirst>'s christmas <propfirst> and frosty  i love christmas!"
it's the most wonderful time of the year!!!
"cleaning, grocery shopping  lucky me i have some help on the way!!!"
i don't know what i'd do w o my church peeps  they are a great bunch  i am blessed 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! have a wonderful day tomorrow! looking forward to a nice relaxing day with family and friends and good food (as long as i don't ruin it) 
"is tired, but happy i got to see cutter and cosmo today!! i miss them but am glad they are loved and happy "
"blah, new years "
just wants to get back to normal 
time to find somewhere to move to  sooo not excited 
white
"ran out of fuel oil, so i had a nice cold shower  and for a company to deliver same day, it's going to cost an extra $70  awesome "
"poor baby sawyer has an ear infection, and now <propmale> is telling me that his hurt too "
dislikes giving slayer his medicine  such a pain 
<propmale> finally climbed out of his crib  honestly i'm surprised he didn't do it sooner  guess it's time for the toddler bed  ugh   
"pants on the ground, pants on the ground, lookin' like a fool with your pants on the ground   "
"is very humbled after seeing the people of haiti, who lives have been devastated and have lost everything, having to sleep out in the streets, singing and praising god "
"<propmale> went to bed 2 hrs late, so i'm hoping he'll sleep in 2 hrs late  we'll see   "
going to look at a house this afternoon in wells 
so i've been listening to this chirping noise for three days now  i think we replaced the batteries in the wrong smoke detector 
so <propmale> woke up at least 30 <propfemale> before me this morning  it gave him time to e playful lore the third floor and get into some other shenanigans  can't wait til the crib tent i ordered shows up 
just doesn't understand people 
"i love my sister more than words can say  if you have a sister who is your best friend, has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our sisters! ?"
first p t  appt was today  here's hoping that it does me some good 
starbucks + target clearance is my favorite way to relax these days 
<propmale> just put a movie in for himself  scary 
it goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows  - <propfemale> bombeck
"\my second favorite household chore is ironing  my first one being hitting my head on the top bunk bed until i faint \"" -<propfemale> bombeck"""
"\insanity is hereditary  you can catch it from your kids \"""""
"sister will be gone all week  sad   on a brighter note, <propmale> was singing boom boom pow at church today "
going to look at some houses this afternoon 
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other  and make sure to tell how long you've been together!"
ahhhh!!! stupid router is driving me crazy! it would help if i knew what i was doing 
6 hours of screaming baby  what a day 
the first thing <propmale> asked me this morning; duckies? ocean? boom boom? i guess he has a big day planned 
someone tell me what kind of minivan to buy   sad 
watching 'be my <propfirst> <propfirst> brown' with <propmale> and throwing around 15 red ballons   smile 
is it fat tuesday there? it isn't here; maybe there's not a large enough polish population 
too bad i don't want to live in a house that smells like cigarettes and cat urine or we'd be all set  ugh 
i'm not ready for march 
just waiting for the boys to wake up so that i can go vacuum the new place 
"has gotten a lot done today thanks to <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>!! thanks so much for all your help!"
was anyone else totally weirded out by <propfemale> creeping on <propmale> tonight?
"so long internet, i will see you tomorrow  <propfemale> out "
"i got cable, phone and internet back; and heat!! yay! now that i'm not freezing, i should be able to get some stuff done  if only sawyer would stop crying    "
first night sleeping in a new house  i'm totally creeped out as usual and am considering stacking furniture in front of the doors  would that be a little paranoid since i live in york? probably 
thanking god for the beautiful weather we've had for moving and the wonderful people that we've had helping us! we are almost done    
"another beautiful day!! sawyer slept almost 10 hours straight last night, which means i got some quality sleep!!! after all this moving i think the boys and i will take the afternoon off and go feed the ducks and take a walk on long sands beach "
"call me old-fashioned, but i just think that when you spend a lot of money on something, it should probably work properly  and if it doesn't, maybe the vendor should be somewhat apologetic instead of acting like it's not their problem  i'm so sick of wasting my time trying to fix things that i shouldn't have to deal with in the first place "
so i buy a dryer and it doesn't work  i go to the laundromat and it loses power  clean clothes are not in my near future 
just wished everything would stop breaking!!!
"i love days like today; playing with <propmale> on the beach, beautiful sunshine, opening the windows and letting the fresh air in, and taking an afternoon nap with sawyer  perfect "
"as your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit   <propmale> teney"
woke up this morning and there were 18 turkey's in my back yard!!!
"i don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody   <propmale> cosby"
"no person was every rightly understood until they had been first regarded with a certain feeling, not of tolerance, but of sympathy    -<propfirst> carlyle"
loves her <propmale> and sawyer soooo much!! i have two wonderful little boys 
my car stereo is fixed and will be put back into my car tomorrow; and hopefully they will also fix my res  one small victory for used car buyers 
"four hours later, i'm hoping the car fiasco is finished  now our 15 hr  drive to mi won't be without music and movies "
"it rained and rained, and the hundred acre wood got floodier and floodier "
"cleaning, packing, cleaning, packing     "
so excited to bring the boys to the park this afternoon; less excited for grocery shopping 
washing the blankie before nap time = not a good idea  should have thought this through    
thank you 20 20 for keeping me up half the night    
<propmale> is 2 today! my baby is getting big 
"i have a fever but, surprisingly, cowbell didn't do anything  now what am i supposed to do?"
feeling a little better and trying to get some projects done while the boys are sleeping 
"\the sillies are crazy little creatures that live inside of us and need to be shaken out \"""""
"no onion is worth my tears, but they always make me cry "
anyone else find the 'no-makeup' look ridiculous  there's a certain way to put on your make-up to make it look like your not wearing any?
missing church this morning due to poor <propmale>'s crazy rash   sad 
time to rock the catbox
and now sawyer has a 103 degree fever  why must the children keep getting sick?
"the only thing that can top off a late night of projectile baby vomit and high fever is a mad pre-midnight rush to wal-mart, only to get attitude from the customer service lady and find out they don't have any medicine because it's all been recalled  ahhhhh! i'm going to bed    "
happy mother's day all of you hard-working ladies!!
thinks it's a good day for the park and barbeque chicken 
why is it that two year olds think ketchup is a side dish and have zero concept of time?
go to sleep little baby     
thinking today is a beautiful day for the beach 
i have the best sister in the world for shizzle!
a day that is begun falling down the stairs is a day best spent in bed 
"it was a beautiful morning at the beach, and i'm so happy it cooled off so much  we will sleep well tonight, hopefully "
"sawyer finally started crawling last weekend, and now he's off e playful loring the house!"
"had so much fun at the park today; wish they would have let us see the tall ships, but i guess we were a day early "
<propmale> wrote a new song; it's called 'lamenting for the blanket' 
poor <propmale> misses his daddy so much   sad 
"my night = sewing and listening to clapton  ahhh, relaxing "
nap time 
the boys had so much fun at the beach yesterday  think i might take them again tomorrow 
lovin my new southern rock cd!!!
"thinks that if atheism is a religion, then not collecting stamps is a hobby "
"i have three kinds of friends: those who love me, those who pay no attention to me, and those who detest me "
<propmale> informed me earlier that daddy is a pirate  who knew 
"the beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image  otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them  \ -<propfirst> merton"
"according to <propmale>, the chocolate cake is on top of the mountain, and tico will pick us up in his car & drive us there  too much <propfemale> i think "
happy fathers day to all of you wonderful dads!
"i got 7 amazing, uninterrupted hours of sleep last night  ahhhhh feels good "
"electricity, how i love you     thanks for coming back to me "
"a girls night w  sis, a day at the zoo w  the boys, and air-conditioning at home! it was a good weekend  thanks hubby!"
she won a super embarrasing trip to the grocery store courtesy of her 2 year old!!!
"oh sawyer, please go to sleep  mommy needs some rest "
we are now a 'hussy' free household  i know there is one straggler hiding around here somewhere  hopefully i find it before <propmale> does 
needs some sleepy baby <propfemale> dust so i can take a shower 
needs to snap out of it    
"took <propmale> to feed the ducks at raydon rd; turns out they weren't too hungry, but we ended up feeding a pair of snapping turtles  who knew they like bread? it was pretty cool  <propmale> then helped me unload and load the dishwasher, make brownies, and pick up all of the toys! the whole time he was helping with dishes he kept saying 'thank you mommy!' over and over  so cute "
"no matter how many other songs i listen to, i can't get iron man out of my head  ahhh!"
what a goegeous day! i would like to take a nap outside-ish 
so lucky to have had a wonderful friend bring me dinner and do my dishes! thanks <propfemale>! you're the best!
why won't my kids take a nap? i think they conspire against me    
had a great night with friends!!
"there are only two creatures of value on the face of the earth: those with the commitment, and those who require the commitment of others  \ -<propfirst> adams"
"considering the weather conditions, i will be trading bbq chicken for pizza delivery  and praying that the 3 4 inch hail misses us "
"ahh, what a lovely perfect thunderstorm to go to sleep by    "
"the only disadvantage of an honest heart is credulity  \-sir <propmale> <propfirst>"
"my hands smell of onions, garlic, cilantro and lime  can't wait to wave them in <propfemale>'s face all afternoon   smile "
"the boys and i had a lovely 2ish mile walk down long sands this morning  the sun was shining, and it was breezy and cool  perfect day  dreading an impending trip to the packed grocery store  i saw a movie once where <propfirst> depp delivered groceries to your house  that would be nice "
"well, i saw one shooting <propfemale>  not one every minute, but the sky looked amazing, and it was really cool "
anyone know what you are supposed to do with lobsters between the store and dinner time to keep them alive?
"i finally saw a moose!! we did have to go to the maine wildlife park to see it though  also saw a mountain lion, some black bears, and a super adorable red fox "
had a very nice (but very brief) visit with my aunt <propfemale> and <propfirst> as they were heading back to mi from new brunswick  so nice to see family! safe travels   love 
"who ever thought that i'd have to utter the words \you can not jump the baby while you are break-dancing\"" """
albondigas!!
"just got done watching the worst movie ever  i'm too embarrassed to even say which it was  rule of thumb; if it stars a pop singer that you don't care for, you probably won't appreciate their acting 'skills' either "
"<propmale> just counted to eleven all by himself!! no more 3, 6  lol  i'm so proud of him "
"if anyone knows an easy way to get a 2 1 2 yr old and a 1 yr old to sleep in a room together, come and visit "
wish i was sleeping 
"all i want for christmas is a full nights sleep, a full nights sleep     "
had homemade lobster rolls for dinner  yum!! any of my me nh friends know if there is a good apple orchard around? i'm feeling so fall-ish  it's my favorite time of the year!!
"just made banana bread with struesel topping  now to finish switching the boys summer clothes for the warmer ones  then to prepare dinner for tonight  oh and clean, clean  better get off facebook "
we had a great morning at pierce island park  <propmale> made lots of friends and found some seashells  hitting a road marker on the way home kind of put a damper on things 
bakin' my baby's birthday cake  can't believe he'll be 1 tomorrow!! excited to see my bestie and celebrate my little guys first year 
happy 1st birthday to my beautiful bald blue-eyed little boy!! you are such a sweet and cuddly baby and it's a joy being your mama! i love you sawyer 
"just got back from a 2 day visit 'downeast' to acadia, bar harbor, prospect, and belfast with <propfirst> <propfirst> and the boys    it was a lot of fun  <propmale> was so excited to see a real mountain "
"park, grocery store, feed the ducks  home for naps, then clean and cook "
i've decided to stay in me because if i left me and <propmale> would miss my sister terribly!
<propmale> and i prepared some apples and now they are baking (<propfemale> deen's recipe)  i had so much fun making them with my little <propmale> and can't wait til my whole house smells like them   surprise  i love the fall 
"here comes the sun, do dut do do, here comes the sun     "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!
what a beautiful day 
"my husband is the greatest around   he treats me like a <propfemale>, and i secretively love his comic book collection   i want him to go to the store today buy some today "
"so much to do, so little motivation     "
"nothing says \happy monday!\"" like a <propmale> from the irs """
cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins! repost if you have cousins that make you smile!! i sure do!
back online  carts keeps asking to go home in mommy's <propfirst>   sad 
in honor of veteran's day make your profile picture one of you in your uniform or one with your significant other in his her military uniform until after veteran's day  thank you to all that have served and continue to serve our country! ?
"happy veterans day to my hubby, friends and family who have are serving!!"
"twitch, twitch, twitch goes my eyelid    "
"sunshine, coffee, sinatra's christmas album, and two adorable, well rested boys  good morning!!"
loves the sound of leaves blowing around  smile 
"had a fun morning at the holyoke mall with the family  took the boys to build-a-bear, then to see <propfemale>, and a haircut for <propmale> "
"some christmas shopping today, then taking <propmale> to see tangled! it will be his first trip to the movies!"
"speak up for the little ones who cant be heard  change your facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same!"
"<propmale> is \reading\"" polar e playful ress and singing \""jingle jingle all way\""  i'm sooo excited for this christmas!"""
"it's going to be a great rest of the week! looking forward to a visit from my dear friend today, and sister this weekend!!"
spent a very rainy day with my sister and the boys baking cookies and watching christmas movies  <propmale> and sis decorated a gingerbread house too! we had a lot of fun 
"here we go  let's try, try again    "
everything is wrapped and shipped  now time to begin the cooking 
"cleaning, laundry, sauce for lasagna, cookies, and more peanut butter balls "
"and there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night  an angel of the lord appeared to them, and the <propfemale> of the lord shone around them, and they were terrified  but the angel said to them, \do not be afraid i bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people  today in the town of <propfirst> a savior has been born to you; he is christ the lord \"" <propmale> 2:8-11"""
praying that my maine friends all have power through this storm; this wind is crazy!
finally got a good nights sleep  now it's time to do a lot of little laundry 
<propmale> is outside w  geof killing whats left of their snowman 
are we going on the second night where sawyer won't sleep?     i hope not 
you can go anywhere you like in my house     except the west wing  it's forbidden      because there's no heat 
<propmale> is pretending that sawyer is swiper the fox  it's nice when they can use their imaginations to have fun and embrace their toys being taken away from them by their siblings 
why does <propfemale> dish soap smell like metal and mildew? i even bought the apple kind in hopes of it not smelling so weird 
"true friends stab you in the front  \- <propfirst> wilde"
14-18 inches of snow so far with drifts over 2 feet  <propmale> is having fun outside shoveling with geof 
"really, who wants to go grocery shopping with two little ones when it's 5 degrees outside? not me  i need some motivation "
"a day that starts at 2 am with 5 loads of pukey laundry, and includes a cup of pepsi spilled all over the couch, is one that i won't be sad to see come to an end "
-20 degrees  def  staying in today 
"laundry is put away, dishes are half finished, chicken and sausage paella is in the slow cooker  now if i could only snag a shower, my day would be looking pretty good "
it's soooo nice to have the windows open 
heading out solo this morning on a search for the perfect cape fabric 
"open up the doors \and let the music play \let the streets resound with singing"
my husband is the best 
\carter," are you being nasty to your brother?\""\"28c3c2d2ec273ef78ce41889bfb51d91,1-4 inches of snow? i was hoping that was all behind us 
"i believe in the right to keep & bear arms  a facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the u s  supreme court has affirmed the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of an individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment, and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!!! i hope to see this re-posted by a lot of my friends  guns do not kill people, people kill people "
