9d15432e3f80d5ec169fd5c4f8a48b61
am i even doing this right?
novalie hates the planet  she gave me no time whatsoever for planting my marigolds 
"i'm about to force alertness on my infant, she needs to deflate my love pillows  adieu  also, i need tips for facebook, i'm going into this blind maaan idk what i'm getting myself into  surprise !"
"about to leave, taking novalie to visit her grandparents and her daddy   everyone have a nice day, don't let the little things get you down  farewell "
i've been really feeling like watching pan's labyrinth today 
"it's not what's on my mind so much as what's on my boob, and it's my novabug yeeeah  im watching avatar as well, dad bought it, hell yeah "
i've lost my chat thing  where the hell did it go?
has anyone here gotten their ged?
"going to get my mirena put in shortly, i've got one novalie and that's enough for now "
i don't understand what goes through his head   i really don't   annoyed  she's so beautiful  nothing could ever take me away from her!
look up: (britain's got talent   the regurgitator) it's pretty neat 
"ive taken out the trash  no more baggage! it feels damn good to be so much more free  today im working on making myself totally free  wish me luck (the baggage was, my now, ex boyfriend)"
"for a minute there, i lost myself  i'm thinking of getting that tattooed on me  i just don't know where to get it yet  getting ready for work now  byyye "
just got my room all done! thanks <propfirst> and everyone! so glad to have room to breathe  it was so cluttered  and novalie is fantastic  shes so great  good night 
hanging out with my little monster then going to work  im about to use novalie's aspirator on myself  im sick eck 
"grrr  i'm so grouchy and tired  rain rain, go away  lets hope it stays pretty out today! farewell  i didn't mean to make that rhyme haha "
r i p <propfirst> <propmale>  good night my fellow man 
<propfirst> just left  im sad  she wont be back for 4 months   sad 
on my way to my grandmothers house! for some cooking out  i get to show off my little monster  smile 
"i wish i could legally eliminate all the worthless men in the world  the women too, but mostly the men  i'll get over it eventually and maybe i'll find one worthwhile, if not though, i dont need them, there are   other options "
"moneymoneymoney muhhhney, muhney! yeah  thats whats on my mind "
damn dude  damn  im just so pissed right now 
watching paper heart with novalie  shes talking so daggum loud i had to put on subtitles  i love her  smile 
"i saw splice with <propfemale> the other day, it was weird in a good way  probably an aquired taste when it comes to movies  and the dudes outfits were pretty awesome  at work then getting my little novabug! cant wait to kiss her to death "
"shake it, like a ladder to the sun, makes me feel like a mad man on the run  that song really gets me going  just got back from the dentist, going back at noon to get my cavities filled, ew decay  then making an appointment w  the oral surgeon to get my wisdom teeth cut out! reh reh reh reh, that's the psycho theme or whatever, i did my best  novalie is the most fantastic baby ever, she's the coolest   smile  adieu "
my stupid teeth! argh 
"although, although we're apart, you're part of my heart & tonight, you belong to me  that's a pretty cool song  i'm about to get milk    because i need vanilla milk! then i have to work, boooo  atleast i have a cool job  oh & i'm excited to watch lie to me  i just love that show "
"me and novalie took a bath together with the yeah yeah yeahs playing in the background  it was fun and she's soooooooo damn cute, especially naked  smile "
im enjoying ra ra riot right now  i really like ghost under rocks  tis a good song folks  r i p im out 
okay   so maybe only some of the song  
"please drop me a line with a hook and some raw bleeding bait, well i am uncaught and still swimming alone in a lake  that song is stuck in my head like hardcore "
fireworks  yeeeah 
hdhdhyjsuiskyeeeeahhhhhthatsall 
"went to rev coffee tonight, couldn't make it to the movies with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  sad  but overall, awesome night  i have a headache from singing too damn loud "
fun facts by lauren: people suck  smile 
"i got a couple new pictures up! not all of them, but there are a couple yeeeeah  off to work  later "
"i got novalie's ears pierced yesterday, it makes her even cuter, i know you're like, 'no there's no way' but i assure you, it does   smile "
novie woke up! im tired but its okay  shes fun and beautiful   smile 
its not hard to be real  i dont understand why people have to be so fucking phony  im sick of  it dude  give it to me straight i mean goddamn  
just got back from starsandstrikes with my fellow partners  i had the most fun ive had in a while  thanks guys  i needed it 
"i don't understand it, but i love lady gaga "
"i heard this is the first baby boom since the 60's  novalie is a baby boom baby  and so are all of yours  smile  so many kids man, it's obnoxious  but aren't they so cute? off to work  later "
i'm not a 'teen mom' anymore as of today  righteous  leaving for work in like 30 minutes  and maybe   getting a tattoo or piercing for my birthday  my present to me   smile  later 
just got a tattoo  yeah  it feels like i have a sunburn 
"dude  my family fucking ate my whole icecream cake  i wake up and the motherfucker is gone, like     wtf  no one thought to save me some of my own birthday cake? its whatever i guess "
i'm so sick of caring about people that don't give a damn about me  its old dude  ugh  oh well! i have a beautiful daughter so that's awesome! laaaater 
"applying for colleges, i want to be an elementary school teacher  any suggestions advice?"
"novalie just fell asleep, she looks like an angel when she's sleeping  my little angel monster, i love her so much  i'm about to watch iiiirrrrooon maaann 2222222222  heard it was kickass so, yeah, then a meeting at work then working then working out, so much working hah  later "
i love the people i work with and my job  who would think a meeting would be fun?
i want mommy friends  i love having novalie play with other babies  i know people who don't have babies don't want to chill with babies and stuff   blehhhh
"so  one of my favorite books of all time is the perks of being a wallflower, does anyone have any suggestions on books that i would like that are similar to that one? i don't know if i'll ever find a book as cool "
i like it on the floor man  
"working out gets me pumped dude yeeeeah  and my baby is awesome  annnd, i think, pineapple e playful ress and eternal sunshine of the spotless mind are on my top 5 fav movies, and perks of being a wallflower is one of my favorite books and    brmc is fantastic and, i'm in a good mood, working out is fantastic  good night "
open mic night at my starbuck's on ew conn  it should be pretty righteous   you can do anything as long as it's family friendly  sign up is at like 6 30 or so  coooomeeeee onnnnn! i bet you won't    wink 
"i just wish things could be just a <propmale> easier  i don't mind working hard for things, but damn, could i not be so stressed out? could there not be so much to think about? it's driving me batty  between novalie, work, money, college, baby's father issues etc  i feel like my head is spinning off  novalie is beautiful though, she makes it all worth it but, sometimes i just want to cry  idk  okay  that's all for that!"
"i love kid cudi  and my baby  about to leave for work so, later  i just wanted to get that last post off my <propfemale> or whatever  and if anyone is <propmale>, can i borrow 2000 dollars? just because  "
"novalie and i are about to go meet megomatic at our starbucks then do a little shopping, oh geez, i haaate trying on clothes dude  oh well  it'll be a good day! also, go vote! it's important, yeeah  and   everything will be okay, just saying  later "
"how to train your dragon is actually a super cute movie, i really liked it  smile  about to leave for work, sarcastic yay(just not in the mood today)   novalie is getting so good at waving at people! she can wave, i just think it's adorable "
"holy canoli man   everyone has babies or is pregnant, like, everyone  i'd say, 50%, if not more, of the people i've known throughout my lifetime are parents or becoming parents  it's insanity  i know i had a baby, and i wouldn't ever change it, but people, be safe, it's a lot harder than you'd think  i feel like everyone thinks it's like playing house or something "
"also, props to you dads out there who love their children and are there for them, there is nothing sexier than a man who takes responsibility, especially for his child "
"awesome night with some awesome ladies listening to the awesome dresden dolls!  smile  man oh man, it was good to get out, not so awesome to get a bullshit ticket, if only it had been a man cop dude haha  goooood night all "
"time to sleep  work at 7am and let me tell you, im ecstatic "
"about to bathe my little booger then finish getting ready for work  i can't wait to wrap up some of her presents and put them under the tree  i'm impatient though, i might give them to her early  annoyed  work tonight boooo  atleast i have a cool job  i need to call <propfirst> <propfemale> asap, don't hate me, <propfirst>!"
"lame ass people sleeping until 3 o'clock?! are you serious? c'mon now, don't be bums man  oh well, novalie and i will just go do something awesome  later "
"my dad just got gran turismo 5  i'm pretty excited about it  i love car games, especially ones that have a ridiculous amount of cars to select from  surprise !"
still at court  i feel like all these crooked ass motherfuckers are just telling me what im doing  no one gives a shit about what i have to say   i hate the system 
have a <propfemale> jolly christmas yo! ahhhahah  novalie is awesome  peace 
anybody want a little dog? to a good home? he's a cutie  i'm just noooot a dog person at all   found that out the hard way  
8 hours of community service and 3 defensive driving classes for rolling through a neighborhood stop sign  bullshit  what is wrong with the system?
slow ass night we are sooooo boooorrrrreeeeed ahhhhhhhhh
"i could murder people who sit in smoking sections outside and make snide remarks about smoke being around them like,\good thing i don't have asthma \"" etc  you-are-in-a-smoking section! how dense are you? really?"""
"my baby girl talks in her sleep, shes doing it right now  man, she kills me haha  smile "
wtf does hmu mean? everyone says it and i don't have a damn clue what it means  
"dude  why does responsibility have to be so tedious? if only you knew my list of things to do just to apply to college, and then all the other lame stuff like insurance and geez  everything  it's overwhelming sometimes  i would be nothing without my lists and my task manager  looove my girl "
"sometimes i look around at the world, and i cant find aything fun or interesting, even if it should be  what a mundane existence, what a depressing post  but i must say that my daughter is all that  wink  she is definitely fun and interesting "
"just finished filing my taxes, phew  it was fun, my return is insane!  laugh "
"just got my ass kicked by a work out video, <propfemale> made it look easy, totally wasnt, shes a freak of nature  its been a good day, i can say that with confidence "
"about to watch paranormal activity 2, i dont know about this  the first one affected me hard "
"whitechapel and acacia strain tonight, im gonna shit myself, im so psyched man  gonna miss my girl but mommy needs a night out, its been 3 months since i had one "
"show was awesome last night, other than poor <propfemale> falling out and us missing whitechapel! booooooo! the people i went with made it awesome!"
"uhh, the things i would do for some extra sleeeep, you dont even want to know  "
im coughing like a madman like coughing so hard im gonna throw up  blehhhhh everywhere 
"dude, babygirl's birthday is sunday  holy hell, where'd the time go? shes grown into the most wonderful little one year old  i'm so proud  smile "
"man, mumford & sons makes me get jiggy with it "
"girls are so silly  im serious, i think novalies dads other baby momma was at the store and her and all her giggly friends like waited until i got out of the store to leave and all walked down the aisle i was in to get close to me, i guess they think thats funny or something  last i checked we had no problems   idk  silly silly girls "
"novalies birthday party was a huge success, my phone wont let me exclaim damnit but yeah, it was so fun and just damn amazing  ill have pictures soon, my girl is so awesome  loooooove her too much dude "
"okay, i went to zumba tonight, i had too much fun, really  and to everyone who is upset they weren't at novalie's birthday party, i'm very sorry, it was last minute, i had a very busy week and not a lot of time for planning, and i hate my house  i didn't mean to hurt anyone's feelings so  my bad, really "
sorry about the photo upload overload but i haven't had internet in toooo looooong  adlgkadlgkadgklj
"damn it damn it damn it  i am so completely sick and tired of novalie's father, it's unreal  i honestly wish he would just die so i didn't have to worry about it anymore  this is fucking bullshit  pardon all my language please, you'd have a dirty mouth too if you had to deal with this kind of ignorance  any good-for-nothing father should just be executed in my book "
"ooooh geeeez  sad baby waking up at 5am wanting her momma love  got her back to sleep, wonder if she'll be up again? gooooood niiiight "
"it should be a good damn day dude  my baby is beautiful, it's gorgeous outside and i'm off work  helllllllllllllllllllllll yeeeeeeeeahhh! i want to do something fun  oh and maybe zumba tonight, so i can get my freak on hahaah "
"okay so, i have, unintentionally had a   oh geez, this is embarrassing, a jersey shoreish day  went tanning this morning(weird), then worked out, and now i'm doing laundry    isn't that gtl thing jersey shore? just don't tell anyone hahaha"
"so much negative energy dude, it's so heavy here sometimes  annoyed "
"oh man, and i thought i'd heard it all!"
"open mic tonight at ew conn  starbucks  i'll be working, but it should be awesome  there weren't many people at our last one so, invite everyone  if they have any talent they want to share like, singing, comedy, poetry etc  family friendly people  later  see you there?"
"people answered questions about me or whatever  someone said i don't have a nice butt, which, obviously i know this but still  it stung a little  like, i know it's not there but to know other people think that bothers me  oh well, we can't all be awesome "
"i'm going to go see of montreal  you don't know, like   my life will be just, better because of it "
"i'm actually kinda diggin' summer this year man, the summer dresses, the sun, it's not so bad  and we're saving up to hopefully go to fl this year  and, i've submitted all my information to the el college  i'm very excited  be happy for me  smile "
"oh, what a wicked world we live in  nasty wicked "
i went on a question answering binge so i could see who answered this thing about me  way disappointing  i'm so boooored  about to go to the store  later 
where the real folks at?! why is everyone so phony these days man? like this if you're real and trustworthy  this is a social e playful eriment 
"days like this make me feel so happy  bad things can happen, but when the sun is shining and the sky is blue, it's easy to keep the negative energy at bay  smile  exist "
