7bd44c35725493010ec10acd7423ddb2
i'm very bored and very awake  i want to do something fun  who's with me?
is <propmale> over  let the good times roll 
i hate psychopaths 
"the plot of transformers and transformers part deux: robots that turn into cars that turn into robots that fight eachother  also, shia lebeouf and fo playful loitation (blatant e playful loitation of <propfemale> fox's hotness) "
"the plot of transformers and transformers part deux: robots that turn into cars that turn into robots that fight eachother  also, shia lebeouf and fo playful loitation (blatant e playful loitation of <propfemale> fox's hotness) "
is apparently a diva <propfemale> degeneres when drunk 
i'm the poor man's <propmale> reznor 
was attacked viciously and une playful ectedly by a poison <propfemale> plant 
can you dig it?
"sometimes, when life throws you lemons, they're to put in the lemonade it made you while you were laying in your hammock "
chillin in the zombie lounge yesterday 
the only thing i'm buying today is gas  i wonder if there's a sale 
"sometimes, life is perfect "
no i will not ramalamdam your damalamramdam 
pumpkin 
rest in peace uncle <propmale> 
"rain! whose soft architectural hands have power to cut stones, and chisel to shapes of grandeur the very mountains "
i need cold remedies por favor 
studying for an earth science final    fuck potassium feldspar 
   and those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music 
fuck gemologica com  who ships an empty box? seriously 
how do you get to carnegie hall? practice 
"finals are done! merriment, mirth and joy! for all!"
"fuck you, snow "
i am not the one with whom to fuck 
don't go to the staten island mall  it's like fighting through a pack of rabid and ravenous hyenas 
i was broadsided last night by a drunken brazilian illegal immigrant who ran a red light  <propfemale> fucking christmas 
so   much food     can't      can't move 
welcome to miami  bienvenido a miami 
"alright  that year's done  ball's in your court, mayans  you got a year "
just another day in new york city 
"my acting teacher swindled me out of 20 bucks today, the scaliwag "
facebook drama 
"love, the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket "
free at last 
there comes a point in every person's life when they see that age and authority doesn't always dictate wisdom 
protip: phone alarms are not good food timers 
i have 101 facebook friends  cruella deville will make coats from them 
i did my entire scene as <propfirst> walken  i fucking rock 
i have some mental mentos 
 love 
i am sick with consumption  summon the apothecary 
my interview will be in an indie documentary about staten island  god help us all 
my friends rock 
and i'd like to thank villa <propmale> for feeding me for 16 years 
su su su ssudio
chevelle concert  aww yeah 
"man, fuck snow "
"<propfemale> lupercalia everyone! vestal virgins, prepare the meatcakes! everyone else, make ready the sacrificial dogs and goats!"
acting paper  coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
i'm going to karaoke tonight  oh you can tell by the way i use my walk   
mother nature is a fickle bitch 
last night i slayed a dragon 
that's too bad   
"come on, trees, what the fuck?"
i just ate 5 sticks of celery  yay insomnia health food binge!
"oh desktop computer, you fickle bitch  why must your chipset fan shit out when i load up your hard-drive with amazing games? have you no honor?"
"gave blood today for cancer patients  2 pints  droppin' o positive like bombs, son "
"hey great party this ain't too bad, good booze, cool people and----- \i'mma get mah gun\""    time to go"""
wtf with this rain  this isn't seattle 
i was waiting for the 6 train all contemplative and brooding  some dude started playing the trumpet  i felt like i was in a film noir  good thing i had my fedora 
"and the rabbit shall come to judge the eggs and the basket tinsel, amen "
"god, will the zombie apocalypse just come already? i'm tired of the waiting "
i just had a beer with mr  torres  walk and talk people  walk and talk 
i was just speeding down the highway screaming along to panama by <propfirst> halen at 2am  life is awesome 
"<propmale>, my favorite left 4 dead character, is dead  porqueeeeeeeeeeeeee!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
"i used to be able to run a mile at full speed, climb a tree, jump down then spin around aimlessly for hours in childlike mirth, all while screaming the theme to indiana jones  i jogged home from the train station for about a mile like an hour ago  i  thought i was going to die  i gotta get in shape, man  chub's gotta go "
"today, i ate sour cream and cheese and meat stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon, dipped in batter and corn flakes, then deep fried in oil  i could taste how horribly unhealthy it was but goddamn it was so good  so, so good "
kids these days just don't know what the jazz is all about 
"wtf, dud bomb in times square? i blame the nihilists  they believe in nothing "
<propfirst> <propfirst> dio  the rainbow in the dark 
"really, lost? really!?"
khan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"if i see <propfemale> hunt and <propmale> paxton today, i know that we're all fucked "
almost died of dysentery  good times 
sleep paralysis  annoyed = fun
father's day is a day where i get my dad drunk and buy him e playful ensive food 
i received my powerhouse computer  it made the kessel run in less than twelve parsecs 
"oh wow, trueblood  nazi werewolves?"
you are weak hearted 
"oh angry sun, why do you burn me so?"
oh say can you see    
<propfemale>! fuck yeah!
all hail the july 4th 5th adventure 
go away sun  you're melting me 
"mothafucka, i got purell for days, son "
my summer begins 
"just saw \the fourth kind\""  not sleeping tonight """
fucking speeding ticket  damn you bridge cop!
is sitting in the bah with my dad 
cleana da house  bada beeppity 
is happy his licence isn't suspended  cutting the line of the dmv and watching the angry faces of the clueless ticket holders is fun 
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! you're all amazing!
ride your train little train boy!
rainbow cookies can solve all the world's problems 
back from upstate  my family is amazing 
"i love how, before this mining incident, some people didn't even know chile was a country "
it pisses me off that i have 199 friends  the fuck is that shit? it's like a tease 
i got the october allergy-induced sinus infection blues 
so i'm on the b1 bus going down 86th and wtf drive by shooting 
"\i gotta get me one of those for my car \"" - my dad upon seeing a nuclear icbm on television"""
"fuck cuomo  fuck paladino  i voted \the rent is 2 damn high\"" party """
there should be sleep pods at kingsborough to rent for an hour at a time 
"today i gave a paraplegic bum money and, immediately after, i walked an old lady up the stairs into the brighton beach train station after carrying her <propmale> up the same stairs \\do i get extra points for a 2-hit <propfemale> combo?"
"oh facebook, you fickle bitch "
yesterday: \yeah sure dad," i'll come out for your birthday!\""\"7bd44c35725493010ec10acd7423ddb2,"for the first time in my life, i own a car that i can lock and unlock with a button on my keychain  i never understood how satisfying that is until today, especially with that little beep "
i'm randomly tired and sore today  is this the male period i've heard so much about?
speak softly and <propfemale> a big stick 
"i got a job at toys r us in brooklyn  i'll be your elf this year  sadly, i didn't get the pointy shoes and floppy hat  budget cuts "
thank god this week is over 
someone needs to buy me food or the terrorists have won 
lost my phone  message me your phone <propfirst> 
im late for acting class and i'm locked out  this blows 
"so i was driving to college in my '04 nissan <propfemale>, talking to my boss on my bluetooth connected to my smartphone, worrying about bills and gas and it hit me  i'm a grown-up  when the hell did that happen?"
what the fuck <propfirst> jong-il?
my first day of unpaid job training  yay! thanks corporate <propfemale>!
yo take some coupons  that's money 
"i have a car!  laugh \gas is $3 30 a gallon! d:"
switching my facebook to pirate language has been one of my best decisions ever  me harties 
my head feels like i'm <propmale> over  but why?
"wait, what's this? free time to relax and play fallout new vegas? don't mind if i do "
nerf guns nowadays should come with an army application 
snow? ah fuck  it begins 
"class is overrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr\\then finals "
a+ in short fiction! aw yeah 
"welcome to staten island, alaska "
<propfirst> casanova just told me that he hates the beatles and the stones  i feel betrayed 
i have school tomorrow  can't sleeeeeep 
"a stereotypical rich-looking jewish guy with a yamaca and a stereotypical machismo-filled low-class-looking cuban guy argued about illegal immigration and welfare in my class today  it was the battle of the titans  i feel like it was a perfect microcosm of <propfemale>  oh, college "
<propfirst>'s photo  wooooooo!!!!
just beat assassin's creed 2  killing the pope like a boss 
gonna run to the store real quick  *goes outside* nope 
"i bet you didn't know that <propmale> caesar had sex with the egyptian <propmale> ptolemy, husband and brother of <propfemale>, which caesar also had sex with \\thank you, ancient history class, for giving me the celebrity gossip of the first century ad "
wanna know what i'm doing today? i'm going to a fucking arcade  yes 
i learned something disappointing today  fun station died  it reminded me of a coked up prostitute of the supermodel of fun it used to be 
