558b9b9f154b7fccf6a3c5a86579ff1a
happy new year! dont get your hopes up   smile 
this is it  seriously  i am quitting smoking this year  wish me luck  i always said i'd quit one day  and today is that day   
im doing this facebook thing since no one wants to do myspace anymore  just for you michigan friends  your welcome 
"im tired of sitting at mom and dads  someone get me out of here! bar, beers?   "
bump in the road    im freakin broke as a joke 
"at least theres      <propmale> burtons - \alice in wonderland\"" coming in 2010   """
i cant believe it  now im really stuck here for a while  and might be going back to jail  prob for sure 
went to arts beats and eats    def got rained out    gay!!!
super nervous about tomarrow  my head is spinning   
"my life is in the hands of the michigan court system for the next year or two  probation, community service, counseling  the whole shabang  and im not aloud to leave this god forsaken state  fuckin great "
waitin to see what goin on tonite    im bored 
oh    what do i want to do tonite    party or watch a movie??? hmmm     party!
i need a jobby    i need money    ugh    i need a car   
i wish i could just go to florida for a weekend  and see nik and grab some of my shit  why did the judge have to be such a <propmale> bitch!?!?!
thinkin too much  hoping my p o will feel my pain and let me go to fl to get some of my shit 
first day at kirbys tonite  yeay! i have a jobby!
wonderin whats goin on in this town tonite  its saturday   
my job sucks  it was completely dead the whole time i was there today  i want to be a bartender  i miss it so much 
goin to work at this crap job    still lookin for a bartending job  if anyone has a suggestion let me know  koney island is not for me 
i guess i know why a bunch of highschool kids work at this koney now    15 bucks! for four hours! thats crap! what a waist of time    im gettin out of there asap!
sleepless in a hills 
i wake up evey morning feeling worse  i just want this all to be over 
i got a new job! yeay! no more stupid koney island  im back to bartending    the new pub in downtown auburn hills is opening on friday    not sure if il be working or not yet  you can see me at muldoons on tuesday and wednesday night though!
duffys is opening tonite  its the new pub in downtown a hills  i wana go check it out  i know most of you are goin to a wedding tonite    but if ur available    i need a bar <propmale> tonite 
go to duffys tonite  power hour every night from 9 to 10  $1 draft beers  (pints) and great beer specials everynight!
i had a great night at doons tonite  love you guys  il post some pics in the am    ish   
starting at muldoons in the am  yeay!
it was pretty slow at doons this afternoon  but i like being back in the bar scene  happy hour til close tomarrow  i'll be there five til whenever   
muldoons tonite! happy hour all night  half price appetizers and 50cents off all drinks  plus the usual 2$ pint special 
mmm boy  had a pretty good night    i worked a while at doons  went to <propfirst> andersons bday party ( i love that guy smile  the only thing missing is <propmale>     sad   love 
first probation meeting today!  sad  im nervous  then hopefully i get to see my love   love  and then its off to work at muldoons til close    kareoke tonite! hope to see some of you there!
hmm    probation went alrite  gotta call for my color eeryday now    yeay  sad  i actually got to see <propmale> for a while today love   and muldoons was boring  because none of you ever come to see me at work  grrr!
i miss 90 degrees and palm trees  the pool in october and no snow  it's too freakin cold in michigan!
first night at duffys  its pretty fun  thursday is college night  $1 pints and $2 wells from nine to close  great deal! and they have pretty good food  but yet again  none of you came to see me sad  except <propfemale>!  love 
not doin much tonite  diner with mom n dad and then probly a movie    been a crappy downer of a day     sad 
karaoke at doons tonite  come sit in my section!
doons wasnt so bad tonite    be there tomarrow til two  then i have a night off    thank god  im getting tired   
finally have a night off  hangin out with my boo   love  diner and a movie or bar night? not sure yet???
im off for the weekend!  smile  now if only i didnt have this freakin cold  ugh     faucet nose    *sniffle*
duffys wasnt so bad tonite  lots of avondale crew up there    thursday night is college night! dollar drafts nine to close  come see me! ill take care of you fr sure!
duffys tonite! power hour is nine til close  dollar drafts and two dollar wells all night  come and see your fav server  il be there at 5  hope to see you!  love 
my first friday night off in a few weeks  whats the plan man   ?
ugh  court tomarrow  im nervous  my boo is goin with me though   love  he's amazing 
they dropped the dui charge! thank god!  love  good thing i had my boo with me   love 
blah
why go to couseling if it makes me feel worse?
oh blah  more debt    it never freakin ends   
everyone have a safe a safe halloween! dont drink and drive   love 
party at the farm! happy halloween!
life is crap
it is what it is    just take it a day at a time   
"come to duffys tonite! dollar burgers all day long! and dollar drafts, two dollar wells from nine to ten! come and see ur fav server!  smile "
"tonite should be a good night    goin to the bar with mom n dad for a little bit, then hopefully a nice night out with my boo   love "
such a nice day today    i think i'll go for a walk 
time for work    come see me! power hour from 9 to 10  dollar drafts and $2 wells 
fuck community service  100 hours in 3 months  with a job and a life! freakin impossible! wtf am i gona do?
super cleaned today  now its time to relax and watch heroes 
hmm    christmas wish list   
"happy thanksgiving everyone! today i am thankful for family and great friends, and also an awesome boyfriend   love "
r i p uncle <propfirst>  we love you 
the end of the year already  what a year it was  i still cant believe im back in michigan sometimes   
"whatever you do  dont give up, no matter what "
 sad 
ahh yes  the weekend    work til sunday  you guys should come see me    saturdays are usually boring 
oh boy  christmas week    i wonder what im gona get     smile 
and the year is coming to an end    im not sure how i feel about this 
happy freakin new year    
teal blue
"starbucks, bdubs and a movie  sounds like a goodnight to me "
starting on a healthier diet to help my winter blues   
if you are my friend  and you want to come to duffys and have a good time  do just that! dont come in and act like and asshole and try to fight someone! or steal signs from us! thats just embarassing for me  and i do not appreciate that at all!
blah 
i need a car!!! i get so freakin bored sittin at home all day! i cant wait to go to work just to get out of the house!
<propfemale> crap its cold! brrrr!
i have found lately  that connecting and catching up with old friends makes me feel better  its cool to remeniss  and laugh about what once was all there was   
umm     guys  what celeb to i look like?
i love duffys   love  its one of the greatest jobs ever!  smile 
i lied  i hate that place  lol 
restaraunt drama is so freakin dumb! why cant we all just get along?!
aleecia ~n~ <propmale> - officially 3 months  love 
 love  you amaze me  love 
hugh love  is sleeping in my bed right now  (he's not staying the night) yea right  lmao
mmmboy     love 
i miss you boo   love  its been a few days   
oh duffys  you are becoming a soap opera these days  but i still love you   love 
life is good   smile 
i miss <propmale>  sad   love 
missin my boys  love  (<propmale> and <propmale>  smile  our new guinnea piggy   love 
duffys duffys duffys     30 hours of work in the next three days (plus the 18 i just worked in 2 days)  i cant wait for sunday so i can sleep all day!
oh i love my job! and i love my regulars that are loyal to me! you guys are the best!  love 
life is good   love 
<propfemale> keys concert tonite!  love  cant wait!
the concert was amazing! i just wish i wasnt so sick so i could enjoy this gorgeous day!
i  am  so  sick  ugh     someone kill me   sad 
feeling a little more alive today  just full of boogers!  playful 
grrr 
wii fit for half an hour everyday will tone me up for swimsuit season   smile  i'm gona do it!
allright guys  we have some hotties from jameson <propfemale> whiskey in the pub tonite  promoting some specials    $6 carbombs and $4 jameson mixed drinks  shots from 9-10  but us girls are selling them all night  come enjoy and keep us busy!
what a night     thanks for coming guys  pics are up on my <propfemale> and duffys fan <propfemale>   love  good night!
ugh   
so little time in the day    i miss my boo  and have shit to do    ugh   
duffys first st  pattys day! i so hope it's worth it!
my boos bday party tonite! mmboy   
ah recovery   
it was great to have a nice weekend with my boo  iv missed you babe   smile 
spring cleaning     smile 
done cleaning    now what?
back to work for the rest of the week     i dont feel like it   
"dont let the world bring you down  not everyone here is that fukd up and cold  remember why you came and while you're alive, e playful erience the warmth, before you go  ~incubus~"
it took me losing him to realise how much i love him   smile  <propmale> is the greatest!  love 
"ah love     smile  im so happy these days i want to run down the street smiling and twirling    so gay, i know! but it feels so great to be so happy!  smile   love "
he makes me so happy  ahhh    love     love 
to pita pit ~ or not to pita pit  that is the question  i'm so freakin addicted!
<propmale> got a new car! yeay! now i can see him more! im so excited!  love   love   love 
mmmboy    can't wait to see the new car!  smile 
"i will always have his back, and help him no matter what   love  he deserves nothing but the best   love "
parents are gone for the week    ah    house to myself    for a day! then uncle <propfirst> is moving in! awesome!!!! > sad  this is so unfair!
spring cleaning and switching bedrooms    so much work! ouch    my back    
my last day off for the week and its raining    crap    oh well  nice cuddle and movie weather right?  smile 
"hoping the parents win some $ out in vegas, so they can share! ;p"
"<propmale> is on the way!!! <propfemale> was just induced early this morning    no need to rush to the hospital, it could take hours  but they are are <propmale> oak beaumont, if anyone wants to check in on them      love  i cant wait to meet him!  love "
"went to see the perfect baby today! he is beautiful! love  then, when i got home, my freakin rotti dragged me across my cement patio, and f*d up my whole right arm  its scraped up pretty bad! > sad "
off work for the next few days     sad  my arm is so messed up i cant put on a tshirt! <grrr> this sucks!
so nice    i got to spend so much time with my boo this weekend   love  its gona be weird sleeping alone tonight 
back to work last night! not a bad night    karaoke is fun   smile  see you guys this weekend!  love 
 love  he makes me so happy  love 
i actually get some time this weekend to spend with my boo! im so excited!  smile 
wana get a mani-pedi so bad!
he deserves the world  i just wish i could give it to him   love 
ah    back to work  a good full five days this week  lovely     smile  i could really use the $$$!
i wonder what it would be like to sleep like a normal person and get up in the morning and enjoy a real day    ?
i love my job    you all should come see me more often  p s  i  love  <propmale>   smile 
 love  <propmale> fisher
happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there  the world is a better place because of you   love 
i am so excited for this weekend! just me and my boo   love  a nice little get away   love 
oh thank god its the weekend! i didnt think i was gona make it! lets get outa here baby!  love 
the weekend went by way too quick!
"relay for life is closing in fast, and i cant seem to get it together     sad "
so im pretty much not playing farmville or treasure isle anymore  sorry guys  im over it 
gettin dolled up for a night out with my love  love 
im feeling a little deprived     annoyed 
"just have faith, remain peaceful, and be thankful for the good in life  @'~"
"i was on stage singing last night with castaway alley  it was an amazing moment and so much fun!!! \99 red balloons go by    \""  smile """
"so    i finally have a car!!! thank you <propfirst>!  love  now to get back in touch with family and friends, oh wait    i still have to find time to do such things      annoyed "
nice to see the fam today  too bad i had to leave early though   sad  congrats <propfirst>! i am so proud of you!  love 
"finally, a couple days off of work  looking forward to getting somethings done and trying to relax  ahhh    "
ugh    dont ask 
lovin the sunshine!  smile 
busy week ahead! looking forward to lots of work and play   smile   love 
so glad this week is over!!! it was a lot of fun! but i need some rest now!!! just 6 more hours of work and i am off for a couple of days! yeay!
@l33)!@  love  l3!@n)@  love  bff  love 
my birthday is friday and i cant freakin wait!!!!!!!!!!! yay~
oh man  off to work    another busy burger day  quiz night is always a good time tho!  smile 
shopping for birthday cocktail dresses with the girls tomarrow   fun  smile   love 
goin shopping     smile  there should be a way to put music notes on text  like you're singing     smile  this is going to be a fun day   love 
? going shopping    ? woo hoo!
? happy birthday to me! ?  love   love   love 
oh man  what a birthday! : )  thankyou everyone for the birthday wishes! time to work on recovery     x\\  love 
oh man  what a birthday! : )  thankyou everyone for the birthday wishes!  x\\  love 
work is not so fun the day after your birthday!  annoyed \
time for some sleep  then back to work in the morning     annoyed 
sleeeeep      }-) ~zzzzz
so slow     work is lame today   
what a gorgeous night 
on a mission to clean my room today  coffee first   
ugh    i have way too much stuff  i dont understand  this isnt even half of what i used to own  anyone wana have a garage sale with me?
"yeay! i finally have a bigger bed  it's a hand me down, but hey, it was free    just a nice thick mattress cover and some new sheets, and its like new!  smile  im gona go lay down now     smile "
what else can go wrong today? ugh   
time to relax  lookin forward to a night off tomarrow   smile 
what a gorgeous day for a date night!  love 
family picnic today  then karaoke at work tonite  looking forward to singin   smile 
busy sunday afternoon at work    time for a drink!
finally got the cd from the photoshoot  check em out   smile 
so i lost my contacts on my phone    please text me ur name so i can get them back    thanks   sad 
i really wish i was going to see eminem and jay~z tonite     sad  im so bummed 
slow slow sunday afternoon     nice day outside tho   smile  goin to r o  to check out some <propmale> 
2 more weeks and probation is over! yay!  smile 
such a beautiful day today  i think im going to paint     smile 
ugh  sick    i dont want it   sad 
mini vacation  not workin again til friday   smile  im good with that  finally some free time to get some things done!  smile 
how do you do a little dance around the room in a facebook status?! i'm off probation!!!! this feels better then i thought it would   smile  ? ? ? ?
ouch  my back hurts   sad 
oh man! my house is so clean! <propfemale> and i cleaned for about 7 hours  thanks for your help sis!  smile 
"i've been off probation since monday, and freebird has been stuck in my head since    im not sure if that is encouraging or not    "
lazy day    
makin dinner a nice rainy day dinner and hangoin out with my love tonight   smile  its a nice cuddle night   love 
making a nice raniy night dinner and hangin out with my love   smile  movie and icecream for dessert   love 
"finally  after two days of rain, we got some sunshine!!!  smile  i missed it    "
"ren fest saturday, date night sunday, hair cut monday, cider mill tuesday   smile  this is going to be a nice weekend   smile "
"weekend turned into    slept until work on saturday cus it was rainy, still date night sunday, slept all day monday on accident but still going out, hopefully still cider mill on tuesday! (fingers crossed)"
cider mill with my love today   smile  i can always count on him for a great day   smile   love  im so lucky   love 
i freakin lost my phone!!!!! i feel so incomplete      crying 
i found my phone! it was in the grass outside! weird    i saw a red leaf and thought it was my phone  so i went to check it out   
busy burger night    im ready for some r&r    good night   smile 
i got to spend some quality time with my nephew today   smile  he is so freakin cute! omg  im so in love!  love 
im bartending on saturday 
bartending again tonite  this one's a nail biter     wednesdays are super busy! i'll be great though  i know it!
not enough sleep last night     sad  this is going to be a long night at work    so sleepy    
"i stayed in bed all day today  smile  i feel a little better  i needed some rest after a long weekend at work    goin to see if i can find a halloween costume, then carving pumpkins tomarrow with aiden and <propmale>   smile "
so duffys halloween party is saturday! oh man! i know its going to be sooo busy! but it will be a lot of fun for sure! i need to finish the decorations    ugh   
what a weekend! im beat! you guys had me running around like crazy!  playful  tag me in some pictures please when you guys get them up! i didnt get to take any   
my sm rtphone is great 
seriously guys  only two halloween pics so far??? thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst> for posting yours  i know there's more out there to be seen    post more guys!!! please!!!
"got my hair did    thank you <propfemale>!  love  now i gotta go to work, bartending tonight    come see me!!!"
at the dr office gettin my back checked out    hopefully he can put an end to this stupid pain!
olgas is yummy   smile  gotta go to work now    i miss <propmale>   sad 
"work work work  and working extra shifts next week, good thing i love my job!"
happy veterans day to all of my family and friends that have served for our country  and thank you 
"long weekend of work ahead, and then rush on monday and early tuesday to get everything together for tuesday night "
one year anniversary today  love  going out to a nice dinner and spending quality time with my love   love 
 smile   love 
tonite was a good night at work   smile  il be there for the game tomarow  hope i have as much fun!
"happy holidays everyone   smile  even though i love summer, this is my favorite time of year   smile "
looks like i only get one day off work this week   annoyed  yeay 
i was up until 7 am wrapping presents this morning     playful  i love it  but i am so tired today!
decorating for christmas today  i cant wait for mom and dad to get home! i miss aiden too!
 sad  i miss my mommy!!!
tonite was so much fun! i love my family of friends   smile  xoxo thanks alex&andrea! $)
"this snow is rediculous! wtf! florida, florida, florida     i clicked my heals, why didnt that work?  sad "
im so glad i bought this heat blanky!!! its cold without <propmale> here to cuddle me 
everyone come to duffys! the euphorians are playing tonight! theres plenty of tables open right now   
5 more days  im still not done shopping  only a couple things left tho   
"going to meijer and target to finish my christmas shopping, then i have to finish wrapping everything  not sure if i want to wait til christmas morning to put all the presents under the tree tho     kind of looking for that <propfemale> effect with aiden     smile "
"finished shopping, almost finished wrapping  only a couple days left! i cant wait til christmas!!!  laugh "
"i have never felt so unappreciated in my life! i did so much for them, and they turn around and push me away  nice choice there, jerks "
happy holidays everyone 
"i stayed up to play <propfemale>, the tree is packed!!! <propfemale> christmas everyone!  love "
 crying  ugh    stress   
im just gona stay strong   love 
today will be a good day!!!
things are lookin better already   smile 
"this is my last weekend at duffys everyone  so i hope to see you all either tonite, or tomarrow night for my last hurah! i will miss duffys a lot! i made a lot of lifetime friends    dont worry i will def still be around  so on to a new year and a new start! come in tonight for a new year farewell toast! much love to everyone!  love "
first day at tres monti    o boy   
off to work    day two    hopefully i will get to try some of the amazing food today!!!
where's <propmale>?
its too cold out there! i dont want to get out of my pjs!!! ugh    gotta go   
"shopping, then work    gota hurry up!!!"
later    i gotta go to work and clean     annoyed 
im so tired!!!
i  love  b dubs   smile 
 sad  gotta get ready for work  its looks so cold outside!!!  crying 
"i cant sleep!!!! =,( its freakin 4:20am! lol  i just looked at the clock "
"if you're curious about the zodiac change, go to galageo com and use the links on the left side of the <propfemale> to check out ophiuchus, and 13 0 0 0 0  the site might be a little cheesy for some of you  but there's a lot of information here "
gotta work early today   annoyed  gona be a long night   
 love 
tired  just so tired   
ugh 
"holy snow day! its been snowing for about three hours, and there's already five inches in my driveway!!!"
blah 
"a carpet cleaning co just drove their <propfirst> into the ditch in front of the house next door, the driveway was just plowed like two hours ago    idiots "
"stupid superbowl  i dont even like football that much  and i get all worked up once a year over a stupid game  especially when the steelers are playing!!! i cant believe \big ben\"" botched those last few throws  we could have gotten that last touchdown!!! ugh    oh well   """
one little thing at a time   
i plan on making valentines day special this year   smile   love  <propmale> deserves to be spoiled too  love 
"ugh    i dont feel very good     sad  my tummy hurts, and i gotta go work a super busy night tonite     annoyed "
 love  happy lovey day!!!  love 
"so much i want to do today, but no motivation!  annoyed "
congratulations <propfirst> and <propfemale>! i cant wait to meet her!  smile 
i had a blast last night! congratulations <propfirst>! we're all gonna miss you!
"snow day with aiden today! once i'm awake, we're gonna go play outside  then come in and have hot chocolate, and maybe color for a while   smile "
i feel like going shopping   smile 
tattoo convention tomarrow!!!  smile 
got a new tattoo at the convention!  smile  i'll post a picture soon   
<propfemale> and grape
first time i've been sick this year  stupid cold  i feel so tired  but i have so much i have to do today!
"busy busy busy    so much to do, so little time   "
"happy st pattys day! everyone have fun, and be safe!"
"fine dining restaurant looking for a server, bartender and buss boy  e playful erience is required  (except for the buss boy position) if interested, please send me a message via facebook "
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts  deedeedeedee    
fuck alcohol  i quit  it makes you feel like shit and act like an idiot  why does everyone think its so fucking wonderful?!
grrr
"im not mad at <propmale>! holy crap  i was just venting, i was cranky and tired as hell from saturday night  i still hate alcohol    its dumb "
tired of watching <propmale> play c o d    i want to play l b p now! why did i have to buy him such a cool toy for his birthday!? lol  smile 
"what a day! ugh    i have a headache    i need a new car  anyone got any bright ideas?? i have horrible credit, i cant just go get one     annoyed "
"i need a vacation    sun, sand and salt water "
i love carpet munching
i do not feel good at all!!!
dear facebook admin     we are all still waiting for that dislike button     i could really use one right now!
"i dont like working on mondays  but every once in a while my boss throws in a random monday event, that i just have to be at!  annoyed  o-well  maybe i'll get to meet some awesome people at this one, maybe get some autographs   "
ended up getting the day off work bc my windshield wipers dont work     annoyed  lame    stupid car 
