76555c39c3445ba31963372e18a2d050
i miss my little girl  gone to camp until wednesday  'sigh'
happy father's day!!
not wanting to work tomorrow  worked on the house all weekend plus homework! i'm tuckered out!
glad the work week is over!!
going to watch fireworks tonight in bland and tomorrow spending the afternoon with my parents for my mom's birthday 
off work 'til monday night!!
someone hit us from behind in my <propfirst>  i hate when people drive to close to you!! everyone is ok!
off to six flags to have fun with the family!
"finals today, 2 more classes til my degree!!"
final is done with a half hour to spare!! whew!
not looking forward to going back to work today  need more vacation days!
is going to my mom and dad's for dinner 
10 hours of mindless work sure can make a person sore! i need a thought provoking job! you know one that will make my butt bigger 
going to my mom's for a bbq! my sister is here visiting smile 
"\sigh\"" back to work"""
at <propmale>'s mom's for dinner tonight  going to my dad's tomorrow to work on the roof and cook out  yum!
ready for a nap after working at dad's house  everything turned out great! so did the bbq!
took <propfemale> to dentist this morning  tmj   splint therapy first then braces! off to work soon 
just got back from meeting at work  i am now unemployed again! i asked why they are buying companies overseas he did not have an answer! hmmmm 
ok someone please get on farkle and kick <propmale>'s score out! he is being so cocky right now!!
he just said no one will every beat him  he is to good!
i should <propfirst> him on the back to keep him from hurting himself  wouldn't want to hurt his fargle hand 
appointment in hermann today @ 9 then homework 
needing motivation!
i am done for the day!
shopping this morning then housework! yea! fun day sad 
terrible morning so far  basement flooded out  <propfirst>'s bedroom a complete mess  changing him to another room and trying to find a place for everything else  time for another yard sale!
bigger part of the mess cleaned up  time for bleach water on the walls and going through everything  may need to take down a couple of the walls to replace them 
is needing a job!!
done with finals!!
happy birthday <propmale>!!
aced my finals! now to get started on my bachelors! yaa!
off to columbia for <propfirst>'s appointment today  eeg and mri  i hope he holds still!!
"one sick kido today, another out of school for ptc, and a flood in the basement to clean up  wishing it would stop raining!"
happy halloween!!
needing to get motivated today but enjoying the quiet to much with the kids in school!
i recieved part of <propfirst>'s test results today  mri-no problems yay! the rest will be in tomorrow 
visitation for grandma biere is tonight here in owensville 3 smile 0 for family and 4 surprise 0 to 7 surprise 0 for friends  funeral is tomorrow at 10 smile 0  we miss her terribly 
homework is done after spending most of the day gathering contacts for work  i am so happy i have a job again! still have much more to do to get myself organized  after i am organized it should be smooth sailing!
poor <propfirst> woke up bad sick today  time to go to the doctor!
happy birthday dad!!
my official degree came in the mail today all leather bound! i am very proud!
happy thanksgiving!!
having thanksgiving at aunt <propfemale>'s first then my mom's house  we are going to be stuffed  i can say good-bye to the 15 pounds i have lost so far!!  smile 
<propfirst> is up early today  when it's school time we have to drag him out of bed  go figure!
just got done watching my sister's keeper  highly recommend lots of tissue if you watch it  <propmale> and i sat here and cried through most of it  great movie!
nothing 
my daughter is now a brown belt in kempo!!
ready for christmas!!
my oldest son is ready to move out so if you have any household items that you do not need anymore let me know  i can come by and get them 
out of school for 2 whole weeks!! whoo hoo!!
my baby girl is sick! i think she has the flu  i hope it's just a 24 hour bug  she thinks she ate to much junk at the christmas party today at school 
taking my children and nephew to see <propmale> and the chipmunks the squeakquel tonight!
what is wrong with the world when your 13 yr  old daughter has to have a bank account and picture id in order to get a check cashed?
<propfemale> christmas!
i made waffles for my family this morning with my new waffle maker! thanks mom!
happy new year!
happy new year to all my family and friends!!!
white
homework is done!
pulled back and curled
straight and down
i am planning on being more spontaneous in the future 
my sinus infection is finally breaking up and the head spins are less  thank god  i need to not wait so long to go to the doctor  it makes for an emotional rollercoaster when you let yourself get that sick!
finally finished my psych paper!
happy valentines day!!
at the hospital with my dad  he is having surgery today  hopsital has internet!! yah!
update on dad; he is fine  came out of surgery ok  he has to come back for a stent in his heart  now mom needs to get to the doctor!!
"the children are here!! <propfemale> wanted breakfast for dinner  so 30 eggs, 3 sticks of sausage, and 35 bisquits later i am tired!!"
"very, very, very tired! it has been an exciting weekend  i don't think i could have squeezed anything else in "
tired
i hate math! sat for the last few hours trying to figure out one section  i want to be a psychologist not a math wize!!
up at 4 surprise 0 a m  and going again! at the hospital with dad  getting a stent put in his heart  i'll keep you posted 
surgery went great  dad is being honery with not wanting to lie still  his neuropathy is acting up and does not want to ask for pain killers  but he is doing great  doctor said that was the only blockage he had  ya!!
grey's anatomy is on tonight!!
"for my birthday my hunny is taking me to see aszure <propmale> & artists at the touhill performing arts center in st  <propfirst>!! i'm so excited!! mom, can you watch the kids?  smile "
my son asked his grandma why she looks so thuggish! lol
i passed my final exam in math!!
the trials of having a large dog  she took me out in my front yard on the sidewalk! i swear i went flying and landed on my knee  i don't think it's going to work very well for awhile  ouch!!
ready for saturday!
still ready for saturday!
it's saturday!!!
had an wonderful time today! azure <propmale> was amazing! thanks to all who sent out birthday wishes  thank you to my family for fabulous gifts! love you!
my washer is fixed!!!
took <propfirst> to the doctors for blood work  he did great! then to top it off we went into mcdonalds afterwards and asked for a menu he can point to to pick what he wants  no such thing  hmmm   wonder why? they know now to have that accommodation  any hoo    <propfirst> did great there as well  he was relieved when we were leaving  his whole body relaxed but he did not have a meltdown!! yaa <propfirst>!!
gone to six flags today! flexing hours at work to spend time with my whole family!!
statistics sucks! members of the class are dropping like flies! it's not an easy class but geez we still have team assignments to do!
yard work is hard! my big ol' butt is not used to working that hard! taking a break and letting the children work on it     smile 
<propfemale> said the brussel sprouts taste funny! i told her because she was eating asperagus was probably the reason!
walking through wal-mart with a melon and toilet paper  hmmmm     what do you think?
wondering why others make my life more difficult? do they not know i can do that all by myself?
"just got home from teaching a class  stopped at <propfirst> d's for some coffee  ready for statistics homework  oh ya, statistics still sucks!"
i lost my dog today  he was hit by a car after i got back from my mom's house 
"omg! i passed statistics with an \a\""!! that teacher did not pay attention did he?"""
god help the children in <propfemale>! i am sickened by what happened!
lawyers are stupid!!
hope everyone of the ladies on here have a wonderful mother's day!!
good time at my mom and dad's today  i love it when dad bbq's! it was great!!
finally going to the doctor  maybe he can fix my crazy! wink 
going to the drive-in tonight  shrek 3 and iron man 2!
"garage cleaned out, shed out back cleaned out, and my office moved to a quieter location  lots done today thanks to the kids, <propmale> and i  good job guys!"
had a great time swimming with the family this morning  our giant schnauzer has learned how to climb the ladder and join us in the swimming pool  it was hillarious!
building a new back deck on my house  everyone is welcome to come over on the 19th of this month and help out! smile 
"happy father's day to my dad and all of the wonderful dad's out there!! and happy father's day to uncle <propfirst>, dad (<propfirst>), and <propmale> (best dad in the world to my children!)"
omg my oldest is moving out in a couple of weeks  he has an apartment!!
going to see the new twilight movie tonight    my daughter actually liked it even though she read the book first!
great time at my parents yesterday! <propfemale> and <propmale> kept us laughing!
happy 4th of july!!
"found a couch, dining room set, pictures for the wall, a bit of folage for decoration, all for <propfirst>'s apartment for only $150  pretty good buy!"
missing my little girl! sad 
started moving my child out at 7 smile 0 am this morning  it's 10:43 and we already have all the boxes over there and the trailer loaded up  just need to empty the trailer over there and take him grocery shopping! picture of us kicking him out to come!
i added a video of <propfirst>'s apartment  <propfemale> obviously took the video  she is so funny!
"child is moved, homework is done     now time to move <propmale>'s office  ugh! we are always so busy! need a vacation!"
"my prayers go out to the children of st  <propfirst>, the brinker family, and the schatz family  so sorry for your loss "
just swept the floors   damn dogs should be naked with all the hair they loose!!
mowed the front yard and sides of the house this morning  omg have i gotten lazy being an office worker!! i had to stop and take a cool down break i was so hot and tired!
<propmale> farted on the dog  the dog ran like he bit him!!
homework is done! <propmale> has <propfemale> out playing d&d and <propfirst> is sleeping  i can spend the rest of the night relaxing  will i do it? i hope so!
kids are all back in school!! my daughter is now a freshman  'sigh' where does the time go?
"to all non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets: 1 they live here  you don't  2  if you dont want their hair on your clothes,stayoff the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3  i like my pets more than i like most people  4 to you, they are  animals to   me,   they are my young'uns who are short, hairy, walk on all fours & don't speak clearly "
"plan for the day   clean house, do laundry, homework, shopping  all before i head out to tan <propfemale> for the conference tomorrow  i so need a vacation!"
"living room   done, kitchen   done, stairs and hallway   done, bathrooms    done, laundry   still working on  time for homework    ya'll want to know this right?    wink "
"tools for life, mpact's 2nd annual transition summit, at the <propmale> state office building in <propmale> city mo, september 17th, 9a m  - 3 p m  free to parents and school professionals attending with students  for more information and registration click the link below \https annoyed  docs google com fileview?id=0b1bcdqzp7iyhzgu1njazzgitywu4zc0   0zdcwltlkndktnddiotq4njdmnju2&authkey=ck75t70k&hl=ensee more"
first progress report came out   haley has all a's!!
i like it on the table!
watching a house around the corner burn down this morning  thankful everyone who lived there got out alive 
ziplining    fun!! thanks scott!    gambling tomorrow instead of six flags   will have to go on friday 
long day   12 hrs of work    tired!
we've gone through yet another set of furniture     thinking bean bags maybe the answer  smile 
have a happy and safe halloween!
had a great time at our introductory yoga class with my daughter  every monday night!
yoga is awesome!! i felt great afterwards!
happy thanksgiving!!
"christmas tree up, homework done, <propmale> and the kids off to <propfirst>'s house playing d & d, <propfirst> is sleeping, time to kick back for some \me\"" time    meaning falling asleep on the couch till <propmale> wakes me up and puts me in bed   smile """
wishing the children would not share the cold bugs they get at school!! so tired of being sick!
i hope everyone has a wonderful christmas with their families and friends and have a happy new year!! i know i will! wink 
on my way to a meeting today when a wreck happened about 10 ft behind me between 3 vehicles  if i had been just a few seconds later i would have been with them! yes i called 911  i hope everyone was ok but it was a pretty severe wreck!
lots to do this weekend! i'm just going to sit here and wait for motivation  hope it comes before the weekend is over! wink 
does mother nature not understand autism? enough already    we need our schedule back so my child will quit being pissed off!!
