fc8ee837c168a831f50493956599a1a1
he was such a great freind who pulled me through a lot  rip <propfirst> sieler
if people have something to say to me then they can say it to my fucking face rather than talk to everyone else about it     i don't understand why she didn't just talk to me about it  then not call me or say anything to me     fuck this shit    
i have calmed down a bit so i made me choice  i won't continue to give things up for other people  if that means i have to do things on my own then so be it  i have given everything in my life up for everyone else in the last for years i won't do it anymore  i am going to keep my dog and my stuff with me no matter what anyone else says 
"dude, harvest <propfemale>, awesome!!!! it's like bright orange and looks like it's on fire!!! coolest thing i have ever seen!!!!!"
"new pictures!!!! with snake bite, hasn't healed all the way yet but i still love it!!!!"
"dude, life is confusing  once you think you have everything figured out something comes out of the dark and bites you  shit, life is a bitch because if it was a slut it'd be easy!!!!!"
"just when you think everything is falling \apart again you find something you have been missing  i have right now \life is wonderful  i am  very happy right now, imagine that!!!   \* shit eating grin *"
this is so frustrating!!!!!!!! found an apt  but they want me in there sooner then i can have the money  ahhhhhhh      why? this is always the way it goes    
"doing well, things are looking up  though somethings haven't quite evened out i believe they will soon "
i like it on the kitchen table 
goodnight everyone  get some good rest  i know i am going to try to 
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries she will give you a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you    give   her crap be ready to receive a ton of    shit  !!! post it on your wall if you agree, hope to see every female re-post!!"
a little depressed tonight  not sure where life is going to take me next  lost and confused     i can only have faith that the gods smile down upon me now 
goodnight everyone  sleep well i hope you all have pleasant dreams
for the first time in four months my baby girl told me she loved me!!!!!!!!!!! i am so happy  nothing could bring me down right now  i love her so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"13 year old boy in texas shot himself in the head because he was bullied and tormented for being gay  today, i stand up to those bullies in his honor  if you care to stand up with me, please post this as your status  no one should ever have to be tortured or bullied for who       they are!!! we are all human being  it doesn't matter what color you are or who you are or where you come from"
"i hate moving, it is so stressful     ahhhhhhh      losing my mind!!!!"
i need everyone's phone number's again  i just got my new phone 
smitten  im really smitten
two days till i find out if its a girl or boy  19 weeks today  yay!!!
stupid fucking women  now i remember why im not friends with the stupid cunts!
i may have an apartment within a week pray for me to get it please!
i got the apartment! so happy!
i have just about everything in my apartment just waiting on the coffee table now to start getting everything for <propmale> is all thats left! so happy 
totally bored  watching movies i've seen a million times  this sucks 
i know you're reading this but you probably won't say anything i about to delete this <propfemale> because i have to start all the conversations on here  it's pitiful that most of you say you are my friends and yet it is one sided friendships where i have to fill the gap 
third trimester today  almost there 12 weeks to go! i can't wait to see his little face 
tonight just sucks 
hating apt living the apt above mine flooded cuz the apt above it was draining into the apt below causing it to flood and leak through the ceiling into mine 
i used to eat a lot of natural foods until i learned most people die of natural causes 
so answer this  why do men want to marry virgins?
totally unhealthy but pepsi chocolate and a cigarette mmm so good 
