e79a4b843c9f4c0be6a6a3231e720365
nothin'  this is not a good week for me 
"<propmale>, wa"
time to go home and slave at the kitchen  just wondering what culinary master piece will i serve for dinner  how about fish and chips? quick and easy  ya'll enjoy your evening 
hope that everyone has a blessed and happy freakin' new years  remember 2 do it up big ya'll 
happy new year ppl 
thinking of ways to get out of actually doing work in my btech class 
working with one of the dumbest people god has ever put on this earth  why me?
just took my mid terms for accounting class  wondering just how bad i had done on the stupid thing  lol 
on my way to accounting class 
"time for accounting class, be back in fifty "
the beginning of another beautiful day  it's always good to start the day on a positive tip  i'm going to try and keep this positive attitude for the rest of this year 
"good morning face book! how's everyone's morning going? i feel truly blessed this morning, can't put my finger on why  but who cares, i'm feeling it and i'd just like to go with it  haha"
"on my way to accounting class  so much fun, so much fun  lol"
"school library trying to navigate facebook, but the slow a** computer won't let me "
morning everyone
"if ? your ? mom ? is ? your ? hero, ? whether ? you ? are ? blessed ? to ? have ? your ? mom ? still ? with ? you, ? or ? if ? she ? has ? gone ? to ? be ? with ? the ? angels, ? copy ?and ? paste ? this ? with ? her name is <propfirst> ?"
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many of you won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer awareness month"
"it's raining today, feels like the kind of day to stay in bed  and sleep the day away "
get a snack http annoyed  chatter com a 8ugu2?ref=nf
want to see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you thin kbest describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  wink 
"watching \cry freedom\"" right now """
"picked up my glasses the other day, and not feelin having to wear these mugs  no matter how cute the stupid things maybe  they still remind me that i am as optically challenged as a bat  lmao "
"my class building just shook twice, and the instructor has the nerve to tell us to sit and wait for instructions  i am feeling like throughing this woman out of the window "
i might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest   nor do i have the perfect body   i might not be your first choice    but i am a great choice    i don't pretend to be someone else    cause i am too good at being me   i might not be proud of some of the things i've done    but   i am proud of who i am today    take me as i am or watch me as i go!!! repost if you love being you· ( you got to love urself first)
goodnight fb 
goodnite ppl  its time to catch some zzz 's 
"morning fb, how's everyones weekend going?"
"i like it on the washer, on spin dry "
"love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wipedyour tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheeredyou on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever put this on your status if you have an amazing sister!"
the bus driver on the 128 is a jerk  he just told me to turn my sh*t down  big meanie  lol i'm not going to though  haha
"lets see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name   it can only be 1 word   then copy & paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post  word & not copy, that's no fun! 2 hours\"",2011-01-06 01 smile 7:50""",e79a4b843c9f4c0be6a6a3231e720365,"morning fb  another beautiful day that we blessed with  sooooooo, who's got the liqa? lol"
good morning fb  how's evryone's morning go?
goodnight fb  tonight has really been an interesting day to say the least 
"to all the unselfish moms out there, who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for ponytails, long showers for quick ones, late nights for early mornings, and designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  let's see how many moms post this, who don't care what they gave up and instead, love what they got in return "
its snowing ya'll!
its cold n icy n the bus driver is acting like he's speed racer  not cool 
good morning fb
men r really a trip  and hard to understand  wat's up with them?
good morning fb  happy happy joy joy  i just bought a new boy toy  lmao jk
today was a pretty darn good day  everybody goodnite and god bless 
good morning fb
its good to meet new peeps on fb and all  but plz have the common courtesy to call me by my name  the darn thing is written @ the top of the profile  all you have to do is look and you'll see it    sad 
my neighbors must be really bouncing around in their kitchen so much that my canisters on my kitchen couter are just jumping around and jingling *wonder if i should move them bad boys*
morning facebook  2day is going to be a good one 4shor 
noi brother is on the a line bus handing out the final call mag to every brother that passes him  but not 2 the sistas  now what's up with that?
"im on the bus trying to keep up with wats going on, on fb and at the same time trying not to get sick  ohhhh i so dislike being car *bus* sickness  wateva its calling  not cool @ all    sad "
the fare enforcer on the a line be tripping over some stupid crap  y cant they give a person at least one warning before a ticket  and y is the ticket $125 00  the transger is only 2 50 3 00 at the most 
im deleting this profile in a few days  so anyone who wants to still be friends  hit me up on my other one  <propfemale> <propmale> basir  and i will start deleting unwanted folks from the one real soon too  they know who they are already  no need to name names 
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
