8baf9ded2b0323573573e01083f333e2
heppeh new yearz!
"because i'm bored       this ought to let you know what the rest of the predatory kingdom thinks of humans   if you understand what i mean at all     god, i'm drunk    happy new year!"
"obligatory gamer faquiz:  have you ever called in sick to work to play a videogame?  and if so, which one?       if you haven;t    have you ever been tempted to?"
it's amazing how little you get done when you have to go out and pick up dead people at all hours   
"in response to my wife's witty, yet irreverant prompt on \if you woke up in a jail together using only 4 words\""  i'd like to invite everyone to write: an irreverant prison hai-ku!"""
"i like my coffee, like i like my women:"
"for all of the mutual friends of <propfemale> perkins and i, she had an issue where her facebook account deleted some of her friends   if you got a message from her saying she deleted you from her list, know that it was not an intentional act and please send her a friend request if you can "
<propfemale> x-mas all!
"new year's resolutions, anyone?"
if smoking gives you cancer    what gives you puppies?
sweet    sweet procrastination       must    get    back to work   
"invulnerable immortality    eternal blessing, or inescapible curse?"
if <propfirst> was so nimble and <propfirst> was so quick; it would have been slightly more fun to watch <propfirst> dodge traffic
"so    apparently, and i think this is kind of odd, several of the *casinos* here in <propmale> city are offering h1n1 vaccintions           i guess it beats the hell out of walgreens    playful "
"a kid who is always up to party and have a good time --- dude, i don't wanna go to that party unless <propfirst> comes             i am not amused ~_~"
screw a whole bunch of everything   
i've had it up to here-----------------------------------------
"i love the smell of a mortuary in the morning            oh, wait    not really "
"i love the smell of a mortuary in the morning            oh, wait    not really "
got bored    updated facebook info   indulge if you care   smile 
"warning anyone who has gotten a ton of friend\sugestions be careful! it is a virus! if you accept them your account\will send out about 85 to someone else!!! warn your friends now!if \you get any friend suggestions from me, please ignore them  i didnot\send them  this is a new virus that is sending requests to spread  do\not accept friend suggestions! - via a friend of mine    <propfemale> advice!   annoyed d"""
fear the cheeseburger conspiracy   they lul us into a placative state of minde with their meaty-cheesiness and then try to take over the eowlr when humanity is rendered powerless; confined to their bathrooms 
"good things come to those who wait    which seems to be an agonizing, colloquial kick-in-the-pants for anyone that needs to stop worrying about the future    playful "
the world is grey 
"when, exactly, did i become an old man?"
fun to be able to update facebook from new cell phone!  thanks <propfemale>!
"dinner with the family at reds    and apparently spelling my name in wax is the \new thing\"" """
tahoe   !
"just to update everyone, my new phone # is 1-310-721-4699   im fairly sure everyone that has access to this # is a responsible individual, but i can block anyone who abuses this!"
"oh, how i loathe the holidays   "
happy x-mas <propfemale> to all those that celebrate and a happy holidays to others!   laugh 
"i've decided facebook isn't fun unless you participate regularly, so, ah, i'm gonna make an effort to be more active here   "
"abandon hope, all ye who enter here   "
    kidney stones suck   
"when i grow up, i want to be a midget!"
i think i might like to read a comic about a bi-polar superman   
"i thought kidney stones granted wishes   ?  oh, well, i've submitted my  cosmic bug report, now i'm just waiting for a reply   "
"facebook really seems to have less to do with my face, and more to do with my typing abilities   "
"i know it's just a sign of our times, but is it oddly surprising to anyone else that pez has a webzite?  (www pez com)"
"no matter how hard you scrub the port-o-potty of life, inevitably, someone's going to crap in it   "
"when one is on the precipace of change, who would know it would be the last step that is the most difficult   "
   
yar    enjoying myself some kings of <propfirst> and champs online!   laugh 
"so    something about some kind of derby thing is going on, i gather?   [hehe  wink  ]"
