376f344ffc70062476156af439cdc506
ummmmm did that car just tell him his facebook status?! wow!
lord i already can't sleep     i know your doing your business but geeez  what's going on up there? well guess i'll watch tv    maybe i'll sleep some day sad 
so  finally up  guess i'll clean
"cookin, folding clothes, chilling  have some home work to do but i cant focus  i think ima try that tomorrow "
so ready to go home! thursdays are so long!
this lady would appreciate me throwing up in her plate just about as much as i appreciate her heating that stankin ass fish in the microwave! ughhh #breakroomsmells!
i'm so ready to go ion no what to do with myself! come on 530!
so its time to do it all over again     i won't complain! happy saturday fb smile 
so as clarification    the baby i uploaded isn't mine    my friend had hers and her camera sucks sooooo i uploaded for her  nosey rosey!
thanks <propfemale>! now ion look so thrower away! wish i had ends visit my bestest stylist ms neiky! awww <propfemale>ybe next check!
why do people ask you things just to do what the hell they wanna anyway? #stupid!
night night
my feet hurt 
morning fb!!! im super d duper excited about today! god blessed me again     i know i dont deserve but i guess thats y they call it his grace!!! i would just like to see if you would like to see me show out     try and ruin my day! lol
lol tank ain't tank 
had an interesting day    week    glad god is blessing me inspite of my short comings  this is gonna be fun smile 
like this status if your momma used to press your hair and when she burned you she said be still that's just the grease melting!
gosh i'm tired of this call center  moving on to bigger things is next on my agenda 
i'm so ready to go! tired sad 
good morning!
what shall i eat for lunch?! i'm hungry!
ughhh!!! i'm ready now!
working on sunday makes you wanna cuss!
ughhh! i need some body that know how to disable a kill switch! cause imma lose it if my car loves me out one more time!
sleepy
guess i'd better get up and get at it  these bills won't pay themselves!
if u stupid please call verizon!
so what are we getting into tonight??? no no i don't wanna go to bed!  sad 
