09df9029f05240c9f9533f949b4fd44c
says bazinga!
"i believe that everything happens for a reason  people change so that you can  learn to let go  things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they go right   you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and  sometimes good things fall apart, so that better things can fall together  -<propfemale> <propmale>"
drove thru a neighborhood and saw some people getting ready for sweethearts  kinda wish i was going   
went and saw dear <propfirst> today   very disappointed
im so ready for this winter crap to be over!!!!
dont you hate when people talk crap about you and then just act like they never did  im not as stupid as i look
off to work  *sigh*  peace!
"just got my meningitis shot, owee!"
im bored
"just wanted to see how you were doing  but you can ignore me, thats cool too  i thought we were past this"
i cant find my crackers
"off to work, see ya!"
just watched this week's make it or break it  omg! it was good!
is ready for track to finally start
"i hate when people drive way under the speed limit  it drives me insane in the membrane! haha, ya   "
bacon is the candybar of meats  haha lol
snow? are you freaking kidding me?!
so what's this 'farmville' business?  is it any fun?
idk how to play the stupid farmville!!
"everything tastes better with bacon, especially bacon"
poltergeist     strange movie
i hate when someone calls you and you have no idea who it is
that was a long night at work   
got to dissect a pig heart today   pretty cool
"forgetting to turn the doorknob could be a problem if you're trying to open the door   ouch, lol  i swear, sometimes i think my hair was supposed to be blonde"
american idol-10 minutes! am i the only one who still watches that show??? lol
so bored its not even funny
"ok, <propmale> gokey is finally coming out with a cd      but its country! its just not right   "
"american idol-20 minutes! everybody watch <propfirst> garcia, he's the best!"
friday is the dumbest day to start track practice
what exactly is lunatic fringe?
"wow, track's finally here  this year is flying by"
my ears hurt so bad! the wind sucks!
shutter island really messed with my head     but that was the most fun i've had in a long time!
waiting all night to talk to that one person and then they're not on   
"i need new music, any suggestions?"
loves driving away and watching someone run after them in the rear view mirror  hahahaha
if i dont go to bed now then i wont have even the slightest <propmale> of just hearing my alarm go off in the morning   
"ahh, nothing beats the feeling of having turf in your shoes after the first day of practice"
got to see some presentations from colleges today     scary   
"mmkay, time for bed  night night"
i cant believe i just ate 5 tacos without any problem at all   being a third wheel sucks
"bowled a 136 last night, and got to meet the bf    "
 smile 
put my other wheels back on  yay!!!!!
"crap everywhere   kinda pissed me off      can you od on sprees, i think im almost there"
i am gonna be so sore tomorrow!
i can feel the soreness coming on   
roadster show  smile 
loves finally cleaning her room and finding stuff she forgot she had  smile 
have a ton of homework to do    nothing else to do today    but i'd rather do nothing than do homework
i hate waking up with a ginormous headache  ugh
ugh   
"im so tired, and hot         perfect day for track though  smile "
"is literally falling asleep at the computer, i better go                            "
"track meet tomorrow @ borah, 4 smile 0         "
well that sucked   
i ? mint fudge covered oreos
"wow, 35 on the freeway, really?"
"its just great practicing in the crappy weather and then having to go to work, yay me   "
good practice today  smile 
does anyone actually know this <propfemale> brown character?
"track meet tomorrow @ home, 4 smile 0  i better see some of you warriors out there!"
got my dress today  smile 
got my dress today  smile  trying to decide if i should ask someone or not
totallylookslike com
feels like crap today  sad 
just noticed that her cd has been over for like 5 minutes   haha
my sister is seriously cracking me up right now!!
finding nemo   gotta love it
thinking you have to work at 6 + getting all the way to work just to find out you dont have to be there for another 30 minutes = me being kinda pissed and having nothing else to do but just sit in the breakroom    
i need new music! does anybody know anything good?
is being attacked by her sister    somebody please help me!!!
well looks like i wont be getting much sleep tonight   that movie freaked me out a little
dont really get this tiki resort game  
the last song is a good movie   sad though
this weather sucks! i wish i was at a beach somewhere just soakin up the sun
too  much  easter  <propfemale>  no e playful lanation needed   
"american idol is on tonight, its my birthday and guess who has to work      uh ya, that'd be me"
just got my ear pierced  smile 
is really irritated
track meet tomorrow    whoop de do
got first in shot and disc
thunder  smile 
thanks glee   now i have <propfemale> songs stuck in my head
"hmmm, what to do what to do   "
yikes!!
so glad tomorrow's friday
turned my paper in this morning and she already lost it by fourth period    im really irritated right now  sad 
borrrred   
loves going through old pictures   im dying of laughter right now
wow     
"ahhhh, i did not post all those videos!!!!!"
just realized how ready for summer i really am
idk who else is watching glee but i wish i could dance like them!
hailstorm + track = ouch
so pretty much no one showed up to the track meet    ya  
"3 and a half hours of catching up that was way past due, hilarious!\good morning everyone!!!  laugh "
"its warm outside today, worked up a sweat w  my sis throwin  smile "
"jv districts tomorrow, bye bye track season  sad "
"how many times do we have to tell ppl that we cant leave the school unless they are checked out  i mean seriously, how hard is it? pretty hard apparently"
nap time!
well that was one great adventure!
last night was a blast!
"whoa, nasty storm blowin in"
"? i wanna be a billionaire so fricking bad\buy all of the things i never had\uh, i wanna be on the cover of forbes magazine\smiling next to oprah and the <propfemale> ?"
borrrrrrrrredd
so there's some pretty embarrassing pics of me in the track part of the dvd   
good weekend so far   firebird tomorrow!  smile 
"got rid of my farmer's tan today  smile \but now im burnt to a crisp haha"
"dont you hate those neighbors that always have to stir shit up? \jeeze, mind your own business "
haha  go suck a lemon
best day i've had in a long time!  smile 
crazy day!
funnn day yesterday!
one more to go   
"summer, it turns me upside down, summer summer summer, its like a <propfemale> go round!  smile "
"tomorrow: act, then wedding, sunday: off to cali  smile "
fun night at the wedding!
fun day at the beach!  smile 
lovin <propfemale> california!   smile 
"ah, home sweet home  smile "
my head is still spinning   
how many of us really know everybody on your fb account list? here is a task for you   i want all my fb friends to post how they met me  after your comment repost   you will be amazed by the comments   this could get very inetresting    and have fun   smile  
off to the car show!
"car show + no trees = sunburnt back\now off to the races!  smile "
looong day           and another car show tomorrow  smile 
irritated
"well, according to   well, enough people, im just a big ol' bitch, so watch out!"
i dont know why i even try to just 'window shop'  it never works out
i need new music again  anybody know anything good?
looooooooong day of shopping  smile 
won tickets for the boise music festival today!  smile 
boredddddddd
finally get to <propfemale> out with my partner in crime!  smile 
well that was the most fun i've ever had being stuck in traffic  smile 
wants to go to roaring springs  anyone want to go?
i dont understand dippin dots
fun night with the crew  smile 
fun night!  smile 
wants a new car so bad!
the <propfemale>'s got talent judges are on crack
"there comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be anything but happy!!!"
im bored
went to the dentist and what do you think i did when i got home? opened a can of soda and ate ice cream  smile 
"hey, next time i want to be talked to like im a 2 year old, i'll let you know, k?"
its weird how many random cars drive through my neighborhood at this hour
left my soda in the fridge at work  sad  not a happy camper
"cant get a card at the meridian library cuz i have a nampa address, go to the nampa library and cant get one there either because we are \out of city limits\"" \",09df9029f05240c9f9533f949b4fd44c,why do i have to be such a clutz? idk if i'll be able to work tomorrow  annoyed 
"well, i got my cast today  sad "
casts suck  i've had an itch in the same spot for like two hours that i cant get to 
off to bed  mri at 7 smile 0 tomorrow morning  sad 
well as of now i wont be needing surgery
mmbop  smile 
bored out of my mind                  
"im bored so    who really knows me?   what's my fullname, nickname, eye color, bestfriend(s), birthday and favorite color? put this as your status and see who really knows you"
say what you say or just sail away
fun day at the movies!  smile 
aww   my sprees are all gone  sad 
"i really want to just hop in the car and take a drive, blast my music    dear ankle, i hate you"
linkin park's new stuff is so different
"happy learned how to put, uh oh"
i can hear warped tour going on     sad 
you aint got no pancake mix!
got my cast off today  i have no calf muscle left
ice cream  smile 
im having some serious de <propfemale> vu going on right now
bored            
"fun night! \there's always that one random guy in the theater that laughs at the parts that arent even funny   smile "
"i hate kildeer birds!\is it really necessary to squak at all hours?"
"sometimes i want to just copy someones status, word for word, and see if they notice "
can't sleep            
good day  smile 
i  hate  writing  the end
fun night!!
your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus
tgif!
"whoo! go meridian!\awesome night!  smile "
good times tonight
well that didnt go as planned
"pretty fun night, despite the loss"
got my stuff for spirit week  smile 
"well, just sold my car"
phineas and ferbots
how did we meet? copy and paste and see who remembers!!!!!
finally caught up   i think
soooo bored
found my 'time capsule' that we made in like first grade  it says we aren't supposed to open it until high school graduation     not that much longer to go!
"great night!\much needed catch up time with the cousin!  smile "
i like it on the floor
<propmale> walk  smile 
"sister week  if you have a sister who's made you laugh, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong and you cannot do without her, copy and paste this to your status   smile "
i hate english
ugh
need to take senior pics still   aldskjflskjd
i purposely go out of my way to step on any leaves that look crunchy  smile 
feels like a friday  pissed that its not
"jackass 3d= awesome\suggestion: put paper bags at each chair     i almost lost it a couple of times"
"if i've learned anything tonight, it'd have to be that i will never be going to <propfirst>'s again, for real this time"
senior pictures up!
"woo, college fair by myself  awesome"
"it's for the kids: change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite your friends to do the same  until monday, dec 6th there should \be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of wonderful childhood \memories  this is in protest of violence against children"
came home to a headless snowman  sad 
tangled was cute   pretty sure i enjoyed it more than most of the little kids in the theater
"oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ooooh \are they laughing at or with me? \oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ooooh \why can't we just say what we mean?"
"pretty pissed that <propfirst> didnt make it, he should've atleast gotten to try for the wild card \\oh and p s  we are in <propfemale>, the show is <propfemale>n idol  speak english please"
stressed   today was a weird day
just saw some guy wandering through my neighborhood carrying a chainsaw  can you say creeper?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! i had a great day!  smile 
