c8d79a6941ba22c20a3c46d5b259b95a
yes!!  that's how the nuggets rock some faces to keep the series alive!!
in god we trust and in melo we believe
dam u utah!!! when does football season start??
on my way to rapid   ill be in gillette tomorrow 3076701727   call me!!
in rapid now  be in gillette tomorrow i believe   still call me tho  playful 
sittin at bbrads  gillette old times new times kick ass
finally made it home after bein horribly an suddenly sick  i do apoligize i was unable to say bye to lots of my homies  still glad i got to see all of you though  smile 
fillin out job applications  i hate jobs  but it is for a very good purpose    playful 
( smile   you tell ur (shit talking) boyfriend  if he says he's got beef  that imma vegetarian and i aint fuckin scared of him  ( smile 
haa  nice try
hey ;p
so  annoyed 
"i'm more than just an option  refuse to be forgotten  i took a <propmale> with my heart  and i feel it taking over\\i’m more than just a number  i doubt you’ll find another  so every single summer  i be the one that you remember\\it’s more than just a mission  you hear but you don’t listen  you better pay attention  and get what you been missing\\i bet if i give all my love  then nothings gonna tear us apart  smile "
you win aaron  but admit is was pimp !  at least i appreciate it mucho autumn  playful 
ok  when the bottle says no more tears  it doesn't mean that  it means nooooo!   more tears!!!! <propmale> & <propmale> claims yet another victim   
"?she got me speedin in the fast <propfirst>, pedal to ze floor mayn  tryna get back to her love  bes believe she got that good thang, she my lil hood thang  ask around they know us  everybody know thass my  baybay?"
"  another day  another decade  someone buy me a beer, for i'm not yet old enough ;p"
"hey!!  if we don't keep all these happy birthdays on ze down low  people will actually believe that i have friends  lol, thanx everyone ;p"
restless tonight  cuz i wasted the light  between both these times  i <propfirst> a really thin line  iss nothin i planned  an not that i can  but you should be mine  across that line  
  this body holding me reminds me of my own mortality  embrace this moment  remember  we are eternal all this pain is an illusion
oh you know  jus got registered for some spartan aeronautics today  very quite excited for the start of a great life
startin spartan tomorrow  kinda nervous  mostly excited  if only you all could see the giant hangar full of airplanes that is my classroom though  iss b a 
"ahh  startin my second week at spartan  enjoying the company of my brothers family, my beautiful nieces and my <propmale> liddel haircutted nephew  an goin to monday night raw at the <propfemale> center  3rd row style  so you can watch for me on tv  imma be the guy doin ze u cant see me  haa!!!!"
  2 weeks down  got 94% on my first test cuz im pretty much a b a  think imma do some night swimmin right about meow  playful 
i forgot how many weeks down  but i got 100 on my physics aerodynamics\\thermodynamics aircraft structures test  which means another so-co celebratory spartan tuesday with the homies  hey baby whas your name ?!!
aviation fundies down   97%   basic mechanics next   bring it on spartan!!
"  90% on my shop project, an 90% on my tools test   f u mr  jaeger!!! lol"
no more limewire  wtf
no more cena  wtf is happening to our world !?
so  christmas break is over and now it snows  what are you doin to my life tulsa !?
"15\ of snow in <12 hours + no school for 2 days = <propfemale> going sledding tomorrow !!"""
