60ed6041938aa684dd24ce10ccaf4cf8
so my good friends  what has those from cloverleaf been doing for the post oh i dont know   2   3 years? been awhile to you all 
god someone needs to save me from this song!! if your curious just youtube up crazy loop and click on the first video  be warned tho that prolonged e playful osure to this song will keep you stuck to it for oh i dont know   forever!
at a beach chillin   kinda bored though   yeah
whats on my mind? i shall tell you right now   teh games server is back up so awesome to that 
holy heck audiosurf is the most amazing way to listen to your music   best   game   ever   
is ready to be completely engrossed with school here soon  bring it on education!
"\don't beg for things  do it yourself or else you wont get anything \"""""
dfo is one intense mmo arcade beat em up 
<propfirst> jervis: doing it for the lolz since 1992 
ninjas hangout in laundromats  i knew there was a reason why i wasnt a fan of being at those places and now i knows it because i can sense ninjas   huh who knew 
super saiyan robot gundam action time show go!!!!!!!!!!!!
don't roll with the punches! freaking dodge them and deliver your own swift uppercut to life!
is always on facebook because he never turns his laptop off nor logs out of anything so deal with it 
who here knows what dfo is? and if you dont then you should and i'll never forgive you for not knowing   never!!
ima possibly stab ya!   if you hand me a knife and stand really still!
"is not being lazy, he is on energy saver mode "
bored  practicing my guitar a little before finishing up work 
<propfirst>'s challenge #1 sad for those who play the guitar) play the gerudo's valley song from legend of <propfemale>  if your pro then i demand proof! that is all 
(>^(>0_0)> so what is that exactly?  believe it can be any number of things really  a surprise hug perhaps? or maybe   ? leave your ideas or whatever i dont care 
"forgive them, even if they are not sorry "
if i was in the military i would be like jensen from the losers because i am pro like that 
bought a fedora the other day becaue <propfirst> thinks he is pro   yep thats pretty much the only reason actually   and they look cool but thats beside the point 
hoo boy  school this week  awesome  cant wait  gonna be another rockin year at medina  *this message has been brought to you by sarcasm*
"i am, i am everyone, everywhere, anyhow, anyway, anywhere, any \\day!"
listening to some pretty epic trance 
currently working on an adobe flash project  if successful it shall be released for the whole internet to view 
halo reach comes out tomorrow  i still have yet to order it lol might want to do that huh?
anybody interested in buying a 360 120gb hard drive from me??? lol jeez i hate poorness  playful 
nothing like a match of team snipers and then your whole team quits and you are stuck fighting off the opposing team  it does not work at all  jerks 
thinking about the military scene  mix it up a bit  havent told family yet though mom will see it on here for sure  might go to the marines and if i dont pass basic then i would have atleast built some character    yep ima do it  argue with me i dont care ppl  my mind is made up 
"marines annoyed where you can travel to far away lands \meet exotic people   and kill them "
boom your a phantom 
don't forget   kfa  i am a proud kfa supporter!
my word i do believe its time to dabble in some haircuts eh watson?
rules of the internet anybody? what is rule 30 hm?
just killed the pope for the second time   wait    does that sound bad? well regardless it is true 
i demand a piano   or a harp   yeah choose the harp  i can strangle meh enemies with a harp 
"*insert obscure inside joke or statement that nobody else will understand, other than you, here*"
anybody have any spare pianos or keyboards they dont need? preferably keyboards cuz pianos are usually perty heavy lol
all heil das technoviking!!!!
why cant you see it? there is a light that brightly shines inside yourself 
making a forum  for people to get together and plan matches and tournaments for halo reach  possibly making half of it for cod also but not sure  if you want to know when its done and how its gonna work just hit me up with a message or something  peace 
i like when little kids in halo spout off about pwning in the match when its just you vs three others   until you are winning by 10 kills and have assassinated that kid a few times and then he quits  then i really like it  oh what a world we live in eh? anywho i won that maych by myself  me vs three other dudes? ha easy win 
anything but skagzilla!!! noez!!!!
banelings banelings banelings ohhhhhh!!
how do i shot web?
must be cold in outer space around this time of year 
gamecube on my laptop? done deal  gc games playable on laptop also? most definitely 
"did you guys see the giant dragon that was flying around outside today? me neither, there was way too much snow in the way!"
just tried starcraft 2 on my laptop  it works great so now im gonna actually purchase it *cough cough* < < > >
"protoss, terran, or zerg? choose wisely "
probe scv drone rush? d:
forgive them~ even if they are not sorry~ all the vultures~ and bootleggers at the door waiting~ you are looking~ for your own voice but hear nothing~
rock    robot rock   
haircut haircut haircut haircuuuuuut~ sometime this week~ bout time!
i refuse to change to the new profile until they force it upon me! i am not facebooks dog! lol
loves when someone calls you a computer nerd because you know about internet memes and that they called you that in an attempt to insult you  also when they tell you to get a life  good job nubcakes  you fail at the game known as trolling  you may want to  ragequit all over the place 
bring up how much better halo reach multiplayer is than black ops multiplayer while attending a black ops only tournament then get out alive and without getting trolled and flamed?    challenge accepted 
slender man is whats gonna end the world in 2012  hooray 
haircut   accomplished  length    minimal  style    nonexistent  care cup   empty  a job well done 
only <propmale> can kick <propfirst> kardashian off his stage  keyphrase- his stage 
"going to be signing up for the delayed entry program here soon for the marines  need to take the actual asvab and all that good stuff  lets hope i can get higher than i did on the practice one, a measly 50  if all goes to plan i'll be shipping out to bootcamp this november  hoorah sounds like fun "
did <propfirst> sheen just turn into an internet meme?
anyone else here think that <propmale> mars' song grenade was retarded at first? just to find out its actually pretty good after listening to it a bit? crazy  might just be me 
<propfirst> sheen as one giant troll of the world? boss troll???? amazing  he is winning  winning at the world 
don't taze me bro  i got tiger blood 
if i was to post winning under most of the status' i see would that be considered trolling?
thanks for all the wishes of happiness on the day of my birth guys 
playing minecraft  you know   the one i got for free  full version right now but for free lol its like a blocky runefactory  interesting though  if anyone wants a free version hit me up  i got yo back 
dude guys    dungeon fighter online    is coming to the 360    amazing   
