2c7a127c303de1c81ccacbbde9c4b25a
is leaving for <propmale> in the morning! yay  laugh 
"hanging out at the hotel  just bought my fridge! also, i got my parking permit and books today already  anyone else that is in <propmale> already should go ahead and get those things today too! no lines at all "
got to see pratt and <propfirst>!
is moved in to her dorm!!
is getting ready to go to opening knight!
soooooo hungry >=[
is in pensacolaaaa
laa tee daaa
perpetual hunger   
really  really  wishes she had taco <propfemale>!
wishes it would get cold here  annoyed 
isnt it weird that a derivative of a function is just the limit of the difference quotient of the function? why don't they just say that in the first place  why do people make things so complicated    
got a good grade on the chemistry test  woot woot!
and 'ksssssssssssss' goes my skin     thankyou <propmale> sun -_-
today has been excrutiatingly productive
"is so colllldddd!!! burrrrrrr  i look like a hoodlem with my hood always up, haha  wink "
reading and taking notes on pages 123-232 from my american history book tonight? oh yes  i am determined to catch up on this stupid reading   
"seriously? 40 minutes to try to park? and with groceries no less  i dont know how many people i gave the bird to today  people here are just assholes when it comes to driving  i end up parking halfway across campus having to tote groceries back to my dorm  3 trips? oh yes  hot and muggy? you bet  sunburn? yes, but that doesn't surprise me at all "
fried plaintains? yum! i think i will learn how to cook these so called tostones   
not a good day
"eurg, wishes she could go back to sleep  but theres too much work to be done  annoyed "
boys >=[
gotta write my essayyyy
has had her 'ah ha!' moment of the day  thankyou rudimentary algebra skills  laugh 
brrrrrr its cold!
comon my peoples! we're calculus students now  ammirite? yes or no? yes or no?
my eyes are getting worse  i need new glasses  annoyed 
study groups are awesome  smile 
eurgh  i need to finish this paper      and i need to get new glasses  seeing things all fuzzy is no fun at all >=[
i have discovered that the arcade fire is my friend when i have to write essays 
submitted her essay with 10 minutes to spare  whew!
could really go for some sour gummy worms right about now
eurghhhh  woke up at 5:11 pm today  yup 
why in the world could i not remember was frickin sine squared x was? that little detail right there probably just cost me my grade on the test 
studying chemmmmm
wishes that october would feel like october here  annoyed 
is excited!!!
wishes the coin machine would work so i could do my laundry!!!
needs a rest before studying chem!
is studying her butt off for chem!  _ 
yay for the weekend!
yay! i finished all that i needed to for the weekend  laugh  life is good again!
got a 98 on her american history exam woot! success!
was finally satisfied by the portions the serving lady gave her at the dining all today  finally someone realizes i dont eat like bird   
now to study calculus  woo!
nap!
lovesssss the calculus cd that came with her book  why havent i looked at this before??
is glad <propfirst> cline finally got a facebook!  smile 
"feels proficient, for once "
is soooo happy that tomorrow is friday! finally!
its about to stormmmm!
oh snap!
finally has albums up!
infected cartilage is not fun  annoyed 
misses getting ready for highschool homecoming dances  annoyed  you guys have fun! you'll miss it when its gone
wishes she had something fun to do tonight  annoyed 
"its calculus time, my peoples!"
"just watched a segment on swine flu  it can spread from person to person as far as 10 feet away  im not going to class ever again  even if it is only as bad as a normal flu, its still going through hell and back as far as im concerned  0_0"
i actually woke up before my alarm today  0_o weird 
"you were right, <propmale>  4 hour naps really do suck, haha"
wishes she had texting  annoyed  or atleast that she could see when people try to text her  i dunno how many times ive missed out on something just cause someone texted me about it instead of calling me  >=[
has an extremely ambitious spider making its home across her front door 
longs for her daily nap   sad  oh how will i get through chemistry today?
must not     nap!   hehe
"my foot is bruised, scraped up, swollen  ow  sad  i definitley think my chair won this round "
ho hummmm
mehh  annoyed 
4 days! zsetjnersynlsiuhy yes!
has the best group for the engineering competition ever  laugh 
going to the library for some srs study time
only one more day!!!! ahh!
has rock yo hips stuck in her head  wishes she had bass 
passing out in 3   2   1   
10 more hours till he gets here!!! asdighdlihnxys
best weekend ever  laugh d
the anxiety-butterflies are quickly returning   
doesnt feel well  sad 
feels aweful  annoyed 
essay time!
finished my essay  finally  sleeeeep
my mom wanted to know what my room number was so she could send me a letter >-> this makes no sense at all 
clinic time  annoyed 
i realize ive been sick for a long time without noticing it  now that im getting better i realize how sick i actually was!
is going to <propfirst> tosh live  laugh 
is enjoying her day off  smile 
had a gooooood weekend  smile 
needs some coffee cause shes gotta pull an all nighter!
"has been asked to join the national aerospace engineering honor society! sigma gamma tau, woop woop!"
"thinks she aced the calc exam, bombed the chemistry exam  oh well  calc is more important anyways  wink "
had a good sleep  smile  now for essay time!
>=[[[[
>=[   x's a billion
induction ceremony today =o
"i am now officially a member of the ucf chapter of sigma gamma tau, the national aerospace engineering honor society!"
only 1 and a 1 2 days until i get to see mah family!!
west palm beach tomorrow!  laugh 
ugh! calc study time  againnnn
is e playful eriencing hyperness but has nothing to do!
"friction  while most basic physics courses will neglect this force, its advisable to remember it actually exists in real life situations  like in pulleys  and axles  and especially when wood is involved "
"so theres a resident hawk that i always see perched ontop of our dorms  hes a really big hawk, but he's hard to spot because he blends in  i dont know what to name him yet "
now for finals study time! woo
sooo much mathhhhhh
just bought 3 quarts of icecream? yup  its officially exam crunch time 
thrashin frashin breakdancer!!
is taking her american history final!
never has to take another history class in her life!
chemistry tiem
is feeling good about her chemistry exam thats coming up  laugh 
the notebook always brings the tears  why oh why did i have to flip to the oxygen channel?
"i know its only two more days, but i miss <propfirst>  sad "
"after a brutal and terrorizing chemistry exam, i get to go home tomorrow! yay! and i dont have to make the trip home alone; thankyou <propmale> twins!  laugh "
"its late, and i have much to do, but i must sleep atleast some! goodnight, i wake up in 4 hours "
chemistry exam  in 30 minutes  im flipping outtttt aughghghgh
is glad to be home! and glad she passed her chemistry exam too!
"what a day, indeed "
is having a fun break  laugh 
has had a fun time doing absolutley nothing productive for the past week and a half
is so sick  sad  aching all overrrrrrrr
is finally starting to feel somewhat normal again woohoo! oh wait  nevermind 
just got a new phone! that has texting! send me yo number in a facebook message; i lost all my old <propfirst> 
is back in <propmale>
is ready for school tomorrow! all classes are in the math and physics building this semester except for the general engineering classes  yay for not having to walk across campus every hour!
"has been to almost all her classes, and is happy to find some familiar faces!"
after class tomorrow morning im not leaving my bed for three days > sad 
all math and science classes = no life
finally!!! a new pair of glasses!! ahhhhhh!
homework timeee
ugh  my brain is exhausted 
woke up 14 minutes before class is supposed to begin  and got there right as the lecture started  skills? i think yes 
i had a dream last night that i made an airplane out of my purple stapler  and i could actually ride it 0_o
is getting nervous about the housing issue for next year! on campus housing options are getting rediculous and decisions must be made by next friday!
time to start job hunting  annoyed 
what is with all these airplane dreams?
meh  annoyed 
"woahhhh what is up with that weird picture? if it says i tagged you in it or something, i didnt  ive been tagged in it too by random friends "
just applied for a ucf affiliated apartment  for 485$ a month  troubled 
tuesdays and thursdays: action packed with mathematical riddles and rock identification 
i didnt use my car enough so it died -_-
"yay for not feeling guilty for getting food to-go anymore! the marketplace has begun giving out reusable to-go boxes so we dont make so much trash  but then, there's the aweful dilemma of either making more trash or using up more fresh water just to clean the to-go boxes  which is less destructive?"
had a good weekend with <propfirst>  smile 
is finally going grocery shopping for the first time since the beginning of the semester 
signs her lease for pegasus pointe this wednesday! =o
i'm getting unreasonably hungry at all hours of the day again  hereeeee comes another growth spurt! (i thought i was done with these?)
online physics homework will be the death of me -_-
is so glad today is over!
finally signed her lease for next fall! =o
is studying her butt off for her first math test tomorrow!
im baman! im piderman! i come over da house    we're best friends!
dreamt last night that she was back at the good ole baskin robbins again!
of course there would be a snow day in pensacola when i'm not there  annoyed 
i guess its finally physics time -_-
misses momma  sad 
"is going to see a presentation made by mr  <propfirst> cabana, four-time shuttle astronaut and current director of kennedy space center on friday! who wants to come with me? its a society event but we're allowed to bring guests!"
just met the mother of all integration problems  and she was not very nice at all 
found out that spongebob is actually supposed to be set just one mile off the coast of pensacola beach! did anyone else know this??
yep  tonight will be an all-nighter 
is sooo glad today is over  this week has been living hell  all i have now is one easyyy class tomorrow morning and its the weekend!
the against me! show was awesome! i was within 3 feet of <propmale> gabel the entire time! i only survived the pit thanks to <propfirst> and <propmale> who did their best to make sure i didn't get squashed  thanks you guys!
blegh  physics midterm tuesday 
today will be the first day i miss a class all semester   annoyed  and it just has to be the day i have math and geology 
"will tough it out and go to geology, because in that class, perfect attendance is rewarded with a half letter grade added to your final grade "
is finally recovering  laugh   a flu that causes asthma attacks is no good 
antibiotic shots must be the most painful shots in existance 
went to the gym this morning for the first time in forever!  smile  yay for not being sick!
is officially an officer of the ucf chapter of the aerospace engineering honor society  omgggggg 
"people who cheat on curved tests piss me off  in fact, people who cheat in general piss me off, especially when they're the kids sitting in class playing games on their laptops instead of actually listening like a normal person  laziness  pure laziness and deceitfulness and i can't stand it "
is finally going home tomorrow! yay!
"of course our teacher would assign homework for over the break -_- not just one homework assignmnet, but two  not how i planned on spending my  break "
is getting a pedicure with her momma in a few hours!
has finally had a productive homework day
is back in <propmale> with a massive tummy ache 
you guys  there are only  7 weeks left until finals  this is crazy 
"busy, busy day ahead "
"so, i could very well not pass my calc 2 class  and it won't be because i'm not smart or that i didn't try, it will be because my teacher is such a hardass  i'm not kidding "
got her job back at the baskin robbins for over the summer wooo!
watching hoarders makes me re-think my huge yarn sewing materials collection d=
is taking care of business 
is on a roll today! must     finish     all work      by tomorrow night!
today i went to the teaching academy building to find a new place to study  walking onto another planet couldnt have been as weird to me  i think the fact that it was made up of mostly girls instead of mostly boys could have had something to do with it 
"so i totally killed my math, geology and physics quiz today  what a great way to end the week!"
<propfirst>'s almost here! yayyy!
had a great weekend with <propfirst> cline  smile 
it's decided  i'm minoring in international engineering and going to germany to study abroad at the technische universität ilmenau the year after next  hello siemens! hello airbus! i will be seeing you very soon 
what a beautiful day outside!
got a sunburn working on her engineering project  thanks florida!
"okay, now its just plain hot outside "
"had a great time with my cousins down in jupiter! i learned how to play horeshoes, but i got terribly, terribly burnt "
"its serious study time this week  if i can get a's on both my calc and physics tests next week (and on my final), i will get an a in the class, regardless of what i got previously "
woop woop! last two math quizzes have been great! i can totally get a good grade in this class 
"so, i accidentally took two 24 hour allergy relief pills instead of one like i am perscribed  ohhhh, today is not going to be fun  *falls asleep*"
its finally the end of the week  omgggg
is starting the day off with a java monster -_-
this day is devoted to southpark and calculus 
a momma moth tried laying her eggs in my cucumber seedlings' pot  not on my watch! i'm not going to wake up one day and see my plants all eaten up by moth catepillars 
"you know that math test on tuesday? yeah, its going down  its gonna get creamed "
i love truetv 
just one more quiz till the weekend  i can make it!!! this week has just been terrible 
just when i think one headache is over with another one steps in and kicks my ass 
just realized her calc 3 class this summer is starting on her birthday  lame!
i had forgotten how much i loved <propfemale> snaps
there were policemen at the end of every hallway in the math and physics building today 0_o
our boat for the engineering competition is simply made of awesome 
just finished her last lecture for the semester!
just got a 97 5 on my geology final! what a great way to end the day 
the engineering competition is finally done! it was fun; just as it was meant to be 
just got back from the last sgt meeting of the semester  i have never been so glad to have joined a society as i am now 
caffiene will be my best friend for the next 36 hours 
its the home stretch! one more day till everything is overrrr
its finally over! im going to sleep non-stop for the next two days until my family gets here and we all go to sea world! woohoo!
"wow, i have completed 60 credit hours that go towards my degree  i'm technically a <propmale>! too bad i still have 67 credits to go  annoyed "
packing in the most space saving way possible is like a complicated version of tetris 
is at a resort with her family on international drive! who needs theme parks? we could just stay here at the hotel the whole time and still have a blast!
"ahhhhh, it feels good to be home  started working again today, have about 4 projects to do on the side, gonna go on a date with <propfirst> tonight  can't get any better than this "
"so, there are two types of customers i get  the first kind is the smiley bunch, who are overly enthusiastic and praise me for my 'good job'  the second kind is the controlling, overbearing people who think i'm too stupid to remember anything they say  either way, they still think i'm a retarded highschool student when in reality i've probably gotten further in school than they ever have "
is cutting squares and triangles out of her size twin xl sheets 
"so the doctor says i need 3000 iu of vitamin d a day, and that i need to be in direct sunlight for atleast 20 minutes a day without sunscreen now  i didn't know i was that pastey!"
i played tennis today for the first time in forever! it was such a perfect day for it too 
happy mother's day!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
got to work with <propfemale> mcquigg today!  laugh 
"so i watched the thing last night with a fun group of people, and realized i was the only one there without a septum peircing "
is tired  annoyed 
has a fever  annoyed 
first test on wednesday and i'm not stressed out about it at all  so weird!
ehhhh
first calc 3 test today! wish me luck!
"test is done, playing tennis with an awesome group of people later, and no school or work tomorrow  woohoo!"
wants to go camping  badly  sad 
is going to get a big fat paycheck tomorrow    that is going straight into savings  as will all paychecks this summer 
"plain yogurt is the most disgusting stuff ever  i thought maybe i could tough it out, but half way through the bowl i had to add peaches to it so i wouldnt gag "
sleeping in my house with no air conditioning was practically impossible  i should have just slept outside 
falling waters with <propfirst> cline was fun  smile 
got a new purse today  feels strange 
uggggg  math test in a few days but id really rather be doing other things besides studying on my summer 'break '
"so, we just got some guys to come out to clean our air ducts (which hasnt happened in atleast 17 years) and they informed us we had a huge mold problem and that they needed to fumigate  no wonder my family has had such horrible health problems "
"so, its a really bad idea to stand in kitchen sinks "
just ordered books for the fall  $544 35  it would have been over $950 if i got them used from the bookstore  thanks amazon!
had fun camping! sweated buckets but its all good 
do do do doot doo do do dooot!
"so today while i was working, customers kept telling me there was a man in the parking lot that wanted me to come out to his car  not just one customer, but several  didn't recognize the car, couldn't see the person in it, but apparently it was an older man  finally an old man with a navy seals hat on was like,"
in the next few days i'll be finished with calc 3! only 2 more pure mathematics classes and i'll get to move on to more interesting things 
<propfirst> and i got awesome tips tonight! maybe we should work together more often 
"had such a great day  ate breakfast with my parents; fixed a guitar that would have otherwise been thrown away using just a dremel tool and some new tuners and strings; got an archery set; went to a show with <propfirst> where i ran into my brother, and afterwards we all went to mcguires and had some tasty burgers "
no work or school for the next two weeks!
4 days left in pensacola  sad 
is <propmale> bound 
moving into my new apartment in 30 minutes! woo!
"parents just left, now i gotta get my apartment in order!"
i love these mid-afternoon <propfemale> storms  i'm sure i won't once i have to walk through them to get to class   
bitter carrots are disappointing 
is exhausted 
i have a feeling i'll really enjoy my physics lab this year  you're going to let me build circuits?? with your equipment? heck yes!!
"1 week down, 15 more to go!"
has tooooo much homework already 
100 on my first differential equations quiz! woo! now if i can only keep that up   
just made a pretty awesome strawberry muffin-cake thing! delicious 
had fun in jupiter! gotta go back to school tomorrow though  sad 
momma sent me a care-package! thank you momma!
its always such a good feeling when you think you cant do something but find out you can  like finishing a whole assignment of statics homework in just 4 hours with a 90% just an hour before its due 
andddddd           back to reality 
saw a grasshopper on a window in the engineering building  in one fell swoop a finch kidnapped it   but left its legs 
has a migraine  haven't had one in 6 years  wtf 
gets to see <propfirst> cline and <propfemale> mcquigg today!!
has nooooo idea how she's still awake and functioning 
has lotssssss of studying to do today
"lovessss how her math teacher says cosecant  most people would pronounce it co--see-cant, but like a true southerner he pronounces it co-see-cant "
"woke up to <propmale> o'halloran and thunder softly rumbling  ahhh today will be a good day  physics midterm, do your worst!"
"just realized i have an unapproved model scientific calculator and i have to find a different one by 4 smile 0 tonight  i've had the same model calculator for 6 years and have never once been told i couldn't use it  you are weirddddd, statics teacher  very weird "
with how often i actually eat (or crave) meat i might as well be a vegetarian 
it feels so nice out i think i want to buy some patio furniture 
"ugh, i have strep throat  but i've got dayquil and nyquil, antibiotics, popsicles, soup and the whole weekend to recover  thank goodness for the weekend!"
all i needed was 2 full days of nothing but sleeping and occasionally eating i'm good as new! thank you antibiotics and the weekend 
is sad she's going to miss the greek festival!  sad 
has an awesome family and awesome friends!  smile 
for once im actually using the hints in the mastering engineering homework  ugh!
"de test, then the weekend  adslgjfkadfngkhtai "
had so much fun at disney!
"had fun at halloween horror nights  oh, what a weekend!"
bleghhhh statistics test tomorrow d=
is going home tomorrow  smile 
"gotta pick up my de test from dr  karr (coolest professor ever btw), then i'm pensacola bound! zsltrkgnivkjrg"
*sigh* back in <propmale>
and so the school anxiety sets in 
so i brought my flute back from pensacola  finally! i've been itching to play it for a month!
thank you physics test for ruining my halloween weekend  sad 
go go gadget beast-mode
woahh its going to get into the 40's this weekend in <propmale>!
"ahh, just finished a very clean job of hemming some jeans and it has now inspired me to fix other articles of clothing that have been in various disrepair  i do like being able to sew!"
"statics test wednesday! at least we're finally in structural analysis  you know, the stuff that actually matters "
bleghhhhhh procrastinationnnnn
"dear professor: belittling, insulting and treating your students like nuisances when they come to see you during designated office hours is neither encouraging nor helpful "
"i swear, it's like every time i have a test coming up, my bedroom just e playful lodes  random debris everywhere  which is a problem because i can't study in a dirty room  *sigh*"
man    i just slept 12 hours  and could have easily slept more!
"so, i just enrolled in classes for next semester  i'm taking solid mechanics, dynamics, thermodynamics, and principles of electrical engineering  eurghhh  atleast i'll have fridays off "
"so, i went for a drive this morning to e playful lore my surroundings (because really, i should know this city better by now but i don't), and when i got to downtown oviedo, i saw chickens, yes, chickens crossing the road  just meandering by like my few thousand pound car was nothing  now this is my type of county "
re-dye my old pair of jeans? hmmmm    never tried that before but dye is 1 34$ a packet and its not like i have anything to lose if it doesn't work  i think i'll give it a whirl!
*sigh* another busy week ahead 
worst week ever >=[
wooo just found out convolutions won't be on this diffy eq test! finally a silver lining!
partial fractions are disgusting  especially when there are 6+ coefficients to be determined 
hard work always pays off in the end  smile 
ahhhhhhh finally went to the gym! wish i had started sooner 
blegh 
is back in orlandoo
woop woop! finished chapter 35 physics homework in under an hour and a half  thanks klemm for the easy assignment!
got an email from the math department letting me know i'm only 2 classes away from getting a math minor  oh geeeeeez 
anddddddddd    time for finals studying!
tomorrow is the last official day of the fall semester before finals! woo!
brain aches 
"zomg, home in 2 days!"
"ahhhh, back home  smile "
had alot of fun during <propfirst> <propmale> 's surprise visit!
"back in <propmale>  ugh, i forgot that i left my room in such a mess!"
blegh 
"after finally exhausting every item left over from last semester in my pantry and freezer, i think its finally time to go grocery shopping "
"loved seeing keegan felder, <propfemale> felder , and <propfemale> helmick felder this morning! i loved that i was able to tell my good friends what i wish people had told me when i had started college  i hope it will help you in your decisions!"
"so far principles of ee doesn't seem too bad  so far  just watch, next week everything is going to turn into gibberish and i won't understand anything anymore  usually how things go "
peanut butter balls!
"get here already, financial aid!  annoyed "
seems like i'm getting the same bug everyone else is  bleghhh 
woah! they're closing the school in a few hours because apparently there's a bad storm coming in  sweet!
finally well enough to go back to school  smile  i hate missing class but i get better faster and dont end up spreading the bug to my classmates 
first workout since i've been sick and my lungs feel like they're on fire!
i have mastered the <propmale> of couponing  saving 10-15$ on average each grocery shopping trip? heck yes  paying only 30 cents for a loaf of sandwich bread? heck  yes 
today solid mechanics started sounding like gibberish  doesn't really help that the teacher has a horrible accent and stutters and has wobbly handwriting  time to start reading the book  annoyed 
today's gonna be a good day!
best workout in weeks ^-^
eurgh  2 tests this week d=
dr  pepper and chips and salsa! mmmmm  now i can happily sit and study 
eurghhhhhh tomorrow wont be fun
well that was the test from hell 
lazy lazy day 
the 'monsters inside me' show on tlc has made me even more paranoid about my food d=
why can't pegasus pointe have wireless so i can sit out on the porch and do my online homework?? my ethernet cord is just a few feet shy of making it out there >=[
i wish i wasn't so hungry all the time!! i can never eat enough >=[
i got sunburned walking to class today d=
"and now, the application process for summer internships officially begins "
the smoke from the wildfire finally reached ucf today  annoyed 
pensacola tomorrow  laugh dd
a week is definitely not enough time  sad 
is back in <propmale>
just found out i have at least a b average in every one of my classes so far! this is awesome!
3 tests next week; 2 of them on monday  challenge accepted 
don't forget to see the super <propfemale> tomorrow right after <propfemale> or dusk! the <propfemale> will be at its perigee and will be full; an occurrence that hasn't happened in 18 years!
guess who just made delicious applesauce! this little lady did!
finally found my old girl scout leader's number! she just happens to be a well known architect who just happens to pals with several well known engineers in the pensacola area who just happen to need a few extra hands for the summer  yay for connections!
"another school <propmale>? ucf, you are awesome  its amazing how just an extra grand can turn your financial situation around "
