5df95a9ba70587cffe6f7287861b7558
happy new year  smile 
im back home!!! i finally came back to a-town!!
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"cleanin the crib before class, super exciting stuff"
school is boring tonight   and my instructor is so fuckin monotone i cant focus 
lol go fuck yo'self!!!!!
hmm   not alot going on today   kinda bored 
sleeeepy 
possible owl tattoo trend? pretty strange 
"school today,kickin it with my boo  smile "
took the day off to <propfemale> out with trev  love 
relaxing before work  smile 
my ex boyfriend is a psychotic felon whos is a waste of life! i hate you!
uhhhh  life is wack sometimes
"moving again soon, always fuckin moving  "
kinda stuck in a rut ever since i smashed the mazda   hopefully things improve soon
sick of it all
lol @pirate english for facebook  smile 
i hate everybody that lives in castle rock  no exceptions!!
today was pretty bad so tonight i think ill get a litte crunk  smile 
over & above it
mmm nachos from qdoba  smile 
"\its not the size of the dog in the fight; its the size of the fight in the dog \"" -<propfirst> twain"""
baking chocolate chip cookies  smile   it smells delicious in my apartment
"in class, learning about medical terminology   kinda boring tonight"
<propfemale> all night  smile 
kickin it 
fall is my favorite time of year
"e-cigarettes are neat  they work too, i havent smoked in 2 days "
getting ready to go take my medical term  midterms    i'm super excited
any tips for finding yourself? i feel kinda lost
starting work today at <propfemale>'s  smile 
"my 19th birthday is coming up   so far, my plans are to play beer pong and get another tat  smile "
gettin closer to my degree   two more classes and i can get certified in phlebotemy 
paranormal activity 2 was intense!!
ughh  sad 
i feel so much better today   smile  but economics class is like mild torture
feels like were kinda drifting apart sometimes  
free weezy!!!
freezing cold!
college consumes my life! but soon ill be a cute nurse!  smile  & young too!
ughh fuck the snow!! yucky
whatev 
happy turkey day!!!  smile 
starting work on the 7th @ ups!!  smile 
"sometimes people change  and the person who was your best friend can turn into your enemy, and before you know it you have nothing in common anymore "
beer pong again tonight? hell yeah  smile 
dta   dont trust anyone  annoyed 
why do strange females friends of ex's try and friend you on facebook? its creepy 
work sucks!
"just ordered my new samsung captivate  smile  totally stoked, now i just have to wait for it to get here"
this phone is amazing   smile 
sleeeeepy 
kush con 2010 here i come!!!!!!!  smile 
cyclones are my favorite  smile 
beer pong is the best  smile 
good morning world  love 
mmmm <propfirst>'s pizza with anchovies  smile 
petite fours are my favorite christmas treat  yummy 
who works at 3 smile 0am? i do  insanity 
its hard to sleep when the sun is up
i think you stand under me if you don't understand me  smile 
thank god tomarrow is friday   for real im exhausted
happy holidays to everyone  smile  and best wishes for the new year
mmmm christmas dinner  smile 
sometimes life has me under a lot of pressure but that's how diamonds are made  smile 
seasonal jobs are lame
new years <propfemale> party at the crib  smile 
just got accepted into metro state!!!!!  smile 
stupid snow its way too cold  sad 
there's soooo much paperwork for college ugh
smartphones are great and everything but its always plugged in  sad 
grandaddy purp or bubba kush crush ya e playful lode in a bitch mouth like a gusha  wink 
i got all 6 textbooks for $130 88 used and i'm pretty stoked to start at metro on tuesday  smile 
"fuck you, sunday"
does anyone else think this whole 13th zodiac thing is bullshit?
today has been wayyyy to stressful   i'm ready for it to end
waking up for school is super crappy at 5 am
halfway thru my first day at metro and i loooove it here!!!!
waiting sucks!!!!
"\it is never too late to be what you might have been \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
walking around the icy campus   not so much fun
weekend!!! hell yeah no classes!!!!!! party time!! lol  smile 
i love it when my boyfriend makes me home made breakfast sandwiches    delicious  smile 
i can't wait!!! super excited    hopefully only one more day!!  smile 
awesome wonderful fantastic day!  smile 
this weather is bullshit!
-7 degrees? and auraria is still open? no thanks!
baking yummy orange cinnabon rolls  smile 
mini ice age!!!! oh no!!
okay i'm totally over this -11° weather   this is not cool 
"don't be mad cuz its all about progression, loiterers should be arrested"
i'm so hungry i can't wait for this class to end   i need breakfast
dinner & a movie with my baby  love 
i wish metro occasionally closed due to incliment weather   but nope  they want us all there in 8 inches of snow and -5°  wtf 
has anyone else not left the house today except for the occational cigarette? stupid effing snow 
good morning facebook  smile 
public speaking  ughh
what a perfect beautiful day!!  smile 
mmmmm lobster raviolis  smile 
happy  love  <propfirst>'s  love  day!!!!!!
fuck tha police!!!!!! > sad 
i love smashing around in my torn up ride with my bass cranked to the <propmale>  smile 
pancakes!
life is nothing like a box of chocolates 
sanctum was the worst movie ever  honestly 
successfully made it to class without getting another ticket
just got a wii  awesome   smile ))
some people just shouldn't procreate
monday means one day left to study for midterms  
mmmm smoked chorizo breakfast burritos  smile 
"so break my body, break break my soul down, just another zombie walking blindly through your ghost town"
"anyone else from metropolitan state college heard about the 'strategic name change'? i guess we're now \denver state university\""  thoughts?"""
speech on veganism today    wish me luck i've bombed the previous two  annoyed 
weekend finally  i got a b on my speech  smile 
fucking drama! fuck off!
need to get away    spring break is coming up
bitches need to get slapped in they mouth!
"god damn! i didn't know that all kids do nowadays is talk shit on facebook  someone needs to be watching them, from gods sake!"
mimosas & the beautiful colorado sunset  it doesn't get better than this  smile 
caviar love 
really guys? a guest speaker in my first class of the day? i shoulda stayed in bed
midterms  annoyed 
happy st  patricks day!!! time to get drunk!  smile 
spring break begins now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grilling up some teriyaki shrimp kabobs with the boo  smile 
mmmmargaritas  smile 
good morning  wink 
sunday nights are pretty effing boring 
spring break is pretty alright  smile 
making my first batch of jello shots!!!!  love 
i hate the new dr  pepper commercial with fergie!! she looks like shes wearing a really cheap halloween costume
"back to school tomarrow  sad  \spring break should've been much longer "
i hate waking up for school!!!  sad 
just got my first midterm grade back   got a 93 5%  smile 
 smile  i just won an autographed snoop dogg album and some skullcrusher headphones from skullcandy!!!!!!!
"people are so incredibly stupid sometimes, its pretty ridiculous "
people are so shitty sometimes 
gotta write a 5 <propfemale> paper for american civ  today ughhh
its not right when someone gives out your phone number to someone you didnt want to have it!
i wish it was friday!!!
"\it takes courage to grow up and become who you really are \"" - e  e  cummings"""
