498eaf49cb3b7a2223c79944d45de836
"four  no, five  no, wait, fire!"
"dialing 999 won't get you the emergency services, so remember the new number! 0118 999 88199 9119 725 3"
is watching <propmale> potter and the goblet of fire  i'm skipping over the bad parts though    which is most of the movie 
"i need to read atlas shrugged, but i keep getting disstracted "
r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>
reading fanfiction 
who is <propfirst> galt?
i got my license!
getting ready for my college trip!
out to dinner with <propfemale> and our families 
i'm in indiana!
i'm home!
"which came first, the phoenix or the flame?"
just rearranged her entire room
going to pick up my cousin from the airport!
good night  i need to go to sleep so i'm not tired for canobie lake tomorrow 
going to maine!
has blood promise and a free day to read  perfect  laugh 
"went to wheel of fourtune, then had lunch at castle island, and then went to the drive-in to see district 9 and inglorious bastards  today was a great day!"
summer reading  annoyed 
some like it hot!  smile 
is it bad that my trash bag is a barnes and <propmale> plastic bag?
funfunfun
relay carnival tomorrow!  laugh 
antigone essay
writing my college essay 
i'm dead from swimming 
"that house was like pepto-bismol pink, only purple "
"might just go to sleep now   oh wait, theatre"
is heading to carnegie mellon tomorrow  i'll be back tuesday 
"still needs to do homework, at least assassins stuff is done   laugh "
assassins tomorrow!  laugh 
catching up on my tv shows
sats  sad 
didn't get much sleep last night because she's sick  stupid fever go away!
"see amazing, beautiful"
it is now time to goof off!
i really need to try oreos dipped in peanut butter 
is going to college!
new <propfemale> then sleep over!
does anyone have season three of lost that i can borrow?
wake up in the morning feeling like jenn schirmer 
quite an eventful birthday  just anther reason not to drink and drive 
is going to carnegie mellon!
celabratory dinner scavenger hunt tonight! can't wait!  laugh 
party at <propfemale>'s!!!!
my family now owns six cars  why? i have no idea 
"it takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends "
so there are two scholarships for memorial and only one for brookside  proof that memorial is better? i think so 
school + track + tech week + tons of homework = no time for sleep
the auditorium really is haunted 
"if you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals "
never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain 
getting ready for manhunt  is it bad that i checked the phase of the <propfemale> and the weather in order to figure out the visibillity tonight?
"yes amazon, i really do want to read <propfemale> mia and the magical koala, <propfemale> <propfemale> and the baby panda, <propfemale> <propfemale> and the lion cub or <propfemale> <propfirst> and the fluffy guinea pig  those are clearly my favorite books "
today went from a day where i had nothing planned to a day where i spent at least twelve hours with my friends 
not doing anything  i may go to barnes and <propmale> just to occupy myself 
the end?
had a fun evening in boston!
six flags with <propfemale>!
gallivanting with the girls later!
stayed up til four in the morning reading  whoops 
i had a fun time at the pawsox  except for the fact that there were these really loud and annoying kids that sat right next to us 
toy story 3 was amazing!
off to barnes and <propmale> to relieve the boredom 
boredom is an emotional state e playful erienced during periods lacking activity 
six flags!
work 7-7 
going to the beach with the girls tomorrow!
got my room mate!
<propmale> potter and the half blood <propmale> 
it was blood yellow!
got my ap scores! did better then i e playful ected on all of them except physics 
i want to do something   
ice cream!
is there anything to do in <propmale> that doesn't cost money?
had a fun time camping 
"i never thought a black and white, side-scroller game could be really graphic "
lilith fair was great!
going to the two best places in the world  disney and hogwarts!
"going to talk to a doctor in boston about my weird blood work, and probably get my blood drawn for about the twentieth time this year "
getting my braces off today!
beach with the girls 
i love cmu!
whitewater rafting today!
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was a wicked good movie!
donated blood!
i hate being sick!
the fence is now pink!
why am i always so hungry?
studing for calc 
this is my cousin and my sister in law 
"loves monkeys with the strong fiery passion of a thousand burning suns   it's a huge fetish, and a problem   don't laugh, i'm seeking therapy "
thank you fire alarm for going off at twelve thirty when i still have an essay to write 
pb and j and then sleep 
mech e lab is not due until monday! my week just got so much better!
"<propfirst> papale : you only have four hours a night to   \ <propfemale> flores : conceive a person?"
"mech e homework, why do you have to be so annoying "
nap time 
i like it on the couch 
??????
gotta love when you understand all of your calc homework up until the very last problem  then you spend a good hour working on it and it still doesn't make sense  makes you so confident for the exam tomorrow 
calc exam   
so glad i don't have classes tomorrow!
i want <propmale> and cheese but i'm too lazy to make it myself 
soccer!
"please, join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors  it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up forvicious sport  velociraptors are, after all, kind of unstoppable pleaseshow support for families of victims, though for the victims it's most likely too late  ?"
snapple and then sleep!  laugh 
"i hate migraines  oh well, off to take a nap "
finally finished homework  just in time to register for spring classes 
pretty satisfied with the <propmale> potter movie overall  now off to bed 
sleep? who needs that?
sleep! in my bed at home!
not feeling well  sleep i guess 
octopus doesn't start with the letter e 
flying back to pittsburgh today!
decorating the tree in our lounge!
"\there's white fluff falling from the sky!\"" <propfemale> flores"""
studying for my first final tomorrow 
snow!!!
sleep  physics final in the morning 
"done with the physics final, had brunch with the girls, and had a snow fight with my friends on the way home  i'm now wearing comfy pants and no finals until friday  i think it's a good time to relax and read   smile "
sleep? i think so 
sleep  last final tomorrow 
snow! again 
watching mean girls while cleaning my room and packing 
finished packing  just a couple hours left of being in pittsburgh 
"finished a book, watched some death note  i'd call that a pretty productive first night home "
to bed with me  work in the morning  sad 
"it does not feel like 7 surprise 0, it feels more like midnight "
starcraft? i think so 
christmas shopping with my siblings 
"it's white fluffing, a lot "
finished death note!
"\those stuffed people make me uncomfortable!\""-jenna"""
"i was kidnapped tonight and forced to participate in an \awkward family photo\"" with my friends  i was then allowed to eat at panera before being subjected to a mind fuck more commonly known as black swan """
finished ender's game  enjoyed it immensely 
off to a doctors appointment in boston 
packing for my flight tomorrow!
watched the l word for the first time 
"eating snow with syrup, watching anime in class, and sliding through slush for fun on the way to and from campus "
just owned e playful erimental chem homework!
snow!
lots of flannel!
starcraft 2 party!
fire alarm at nine this morning  i went to bed at seven thirty  also i completely forgot to put shoes on before i went outside  all and all a fun morning 
sore throat and over six hours of class 
"sick, been throwing up since two and the only thing i keep thinking is that i don't have time to be sick i need to do 15-110 homework "
just finished all of the solo parts of 15-110!
going to retrieve my life from the lost and found!
there seems to be snow everywhere but pittsburgh  it confused me greatly that it was actually raining today 
flannel!
finished knights and knaves with only some slight issues!
