c59d2b7cca46cd85c4ac6d6ab554f170
love me dead   
desperately seeking room slash room mate  can anyone help me out with any leads?
"attention everyone: if you have the misfortune of reading this, then i regret to inform you that i've been seriously injured in a car accident  okay, maybe not, but i did just lose the game    "
so  zombieland: great movie?      or the greatest movie?
would you like some failsauce to go with your epic fail?
failing    the next best thing to succeeding 
"if a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, do you still lose the game?"
"well      today was one long ass day, but i'm finally all moved in  thanks to everybody who helped me out today  come check me out in my new place!"
anyone think they could help me out by escorting me to the airport friday morning? i can pay in undying gratitude and awkward silences    
plan a officially scrapped  good thing i have plan b right? airportage at 5:45 in the am!
in toronto! i'm getting my canadian on!
back in the 813    the place to be!
"back from vacation  cruise was fun, but now i feel like i need a vacation from the previous vacation   "
sick! i'm going to blame northerners   why? why not?
so this is what it's like to be bored on a saturday night   
so there's something about a super   bowl? on right now?
hmm   apparently i just got thrown into the new look facebook   
oh my god! chat roulette yes!!!!!!!
"for the love of god, if anyone got a message from me from my hotmail account, don't open it! my account got haxxored!"
"internet! sweet, glorioius, streaming broadband!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
jenn!!!!! how dare you get me sick?!?!
in the land of milk and zombies with jenn capizzi and nickee guedes!
bored and insomniac  errrrrrrr
gameworks reopened under new management  anyone up for going tonight? or maybe we should go see kick ass instead? hit me up!
"thought: i don't mind clubs, but i find the music the play either rap or country, and i don't care for either genre  how would the masses feel about a club that featured rock music?"
"texting is for people with working cell phone screens  i do not  if you wanna get a hold of me, gonna hafta call    "
rejoice! i can read texts again for my screen is repaired!
oh nostalgia  you are a bitch       
can't find my glasses    errrr             
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world? go see it  go see it now  then go see it again 
who learned how to make doughnut holes today? this guy! and they're delicious    
wants it with whipped cream on it!
guess who's goin' to see kings of <propfirst> by winning concert tickets? pfft    easy  jenn and me!
envision whirled peas    
sick            so sick                 
why on earth is thursday so far off?
thursday has now passed!!!
oi! three weeks til i'm back in boone  be prepared north <propfemale>!
statuses are for people with something to say   
food poisoning     you are such a massive bitch right now     
in search of roommate(s)  anyone got a lead or two?
phone reacquired  my couch is apparently so good at eating phones that it also moves it to the part of the couch you weren't sitting     
real eyes realize real lies      
anyone familiar with laptop power jacks and maybe how to fix them? or at least know someone who could fix it at a reasonable price?
so much pain                
longest drive ever      at least it's over 
