26800f6539d21ed0e02ede7f5576cdca
"ok, so i'm up on facebook, ok???  there's not a single photo here newer than 2 years ago, but at least you can tell which <propfemale> <propfemale> i am   omg, there's like 10 of us!  great name, tho      wink "
"well, <propfemale> and i had a great week in kauai (ok, i admit, timeshares are not stupid), shopping and sightseeing and snorkeling     even had coming out day with the kauainians at poipu beach!  but, wouldn't you know it, you can wipe out a great week in 1 day at work?"
why do we always have to suffer for taking a holiday or vacation?  i am punished with overwork before i go and after i return   anybody relate?
glad to have a job    but really don't want to start the new year there tomorrow     sigh   
"led an oldtimers' meeting last nt w an <propmale> project, and it was a rousing success! no drunkalogs or al-anonandon here!"
"spent the day snorkeling south of kona  our hawaiian dyke friends towed us by kayak farther than we could comfortably swim  great <propfemale>, beautiful fish  wow, what a life  fresh mango and avocado for lunch "
"today went to see the volcano and the steam vents   the volcano has been erupting for hundreds of centuries   only the plates move, creating new islands   anyone wanna buy some land in loihi? gathering investors for land coming out in around 10,000 years "
what the hell is going on w my clients this week??! they're all acting like they're on crack or raised in appalachia  is mars in retrograde? is it the a v  wind? what?
"so, that week they were nuts   this week, i'm doing the math, and i think this month it was me   here i am, almost 52, and this morning i get up and, hmmm, a period   pms? are you kidding me??  and no one on crack to blame? damn!"
"ummm, i mean this week, not this month   no way, not taking responsibility for the whole month   lol!"
"amazing what i can accomplish in the office if i get to actually be in the office, and not running around interviewing or waiting in the courtroom for hearings   yea!"
<propfemale> mcclintock is my representative to the democratic party!!  go <propfemale>!!  xo
"i love time in the office!  i found my desk top under all the aper   it's sort of a grey-tan   not beautiful, but a lot less stressful   "
"pitched 3 innings, made 4 outs, had a double-play, 2 hits, and turning 52 in 3 weeks  wow  i need a chiropractor!"
taking a cake at colfax on saturday night for 24 years! our friend <propfirst> is the 10-minute speaker as well   see you there?
"so, ummm, good thing my career isn't in mathematics, or even history, because i'm not turning 24, i'm turning 23   thanks, <propfemale>, for that trip down memory <propfirst>!  oh well, one less candle to blow out   at least it's a prime number! 'cuz i am in my prime!  lol! see you at colfax!"
"kinda worried about my friends and distant neighbors (5 <propmale>) and their pets and all the wild animals and birds with all these nearby wildfires     keeping an eye on things and turning it all over, over and over again   "
"so, this afternoon we learn whether or not 52% of voting californians had the right to vote against my marriage   isn't that just silly?  no on prop 8!"
"we win!! prop 8 is unconstitutional, then, we knew that       wink "
"thank u all for the wonderful b'day wishes! i love celebrating here on hawaii, but now it feels like we have 40 friends here w us! and the dogs r at home w company too! 52 feels great!"
"so, i'm home working by the pool b c i think i broke my baby toe  that must be what all those sick days are for   "
out to breakfast on a monday a m  so this is what it's like to have free time! lot's o'queers! happy coming out day!
"gawd i love days off!! the tree is up with lights, got a haircut and pedi, time to shop, saw a movie, and slept in!!"
"i love this!:  \walking around drunk is like walking around with your fly open   everyone sees it except you \"""""
"yea, the sun is out!  oops, it's gone now   sigh     when is summer again?  can i just move to hawaii?"
how can a day off be so full and ladled over with pressure?  <propfemale> ho-ho!
driving up and down <propfemale> <propfirst> in long beach to see the holiday lights and decorations   i think i'm 8 all over again!
chessy died tonight of a massive heart attack and my heart is breaking too    she was only 7 1 2 and everyone loved her  i loved her every single day 
"no comfort food quite like freshly baked, crispy chocolate chip cookies made for you by your wife   thank you, <propfemale>!"
"omg, what the hell??!?  just had to put bomber (aka black <propfemale>) to sleep!!  this just keeps getting worse!"
"it's dog week! if you have fabulous dogs that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime! my pets have brought me immeasurably joy, love, and happiness  smile "
