3f1ea5a49fc1a078bdc7719e9df28464
-cough-
"fine! don't tell people about me wanting an owl! a saw-whet owl! thats it, <propfirst>! the next time i dream about going to hogwarts, school of witchcraft and wizardry, i'm not bringing you!"
omg i'm surrounded by idiots    but wow do i love them so much 
havent slept right in 4 days and now i'm in <propfemale>'s house and its loud as hell     omg little kids o o
    -blush-   
"you fucking touch me, i will rip you apart  i'll reach in and take a bite, out of that shit you call a heart "
the worst part about being lied to    is knowing you weren't worth the truth 
"you're such a fake, manipulative, passive, aggressive, bitchy, rude, selfish, lair, and an attention whore     and its really kind of sad, 'cause you think you are the \perfect\"" friend """
"help me out! i'm going to make a new video, hopfuly, with the new feed i got today  give me some kool, fun, up-beat songs to use in it!"
watch them! there funny!!     and i made them hehe  laugh     exept for two which were made by <propfirst>  playful 
firefires by owl city
went to freak fest and met <propfirst> bowie
there is a reason why they call me heartless    i dont long nor belong in this world
never trust someone who smiles   
"i'm at night school    yay, not  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
life sucks
2 days without sleep    this sucks  royaly 
"out of all the mistakes i've made so far in life, every boy i've ever liked has been my worst mistakes so far "
rainbow
www thedebbiefanclub web officelive com
should i give him a <propmale>? being with him is as easy as breathing air    would it work out or just e playful lode in our face?
omg o o i just found out who boxxy is and she's hot!
rawr! i'm so happy and hyper today! i dont know why!
stab you in the eye?
look me up on youtube  laugh  vampirediaires
i got my prom dress  annoyed  i'm really happy about it  now i have to fight with my self for the next 2 months so i wont wear it b4 then   lol
rawr!
i'm not gonna try to impress you   because its not worth it  i just wish you'd get over yourself  even though she's a lot like me    we are not the same 
-stretch- ugh  i'm really tired -sigh- but my days not over yet    gotta keep moving 
things are never what they seem    so dont act like you know me 
"oh fog, how i love thee  consume all that is around you leave this city in your never ending maze  devour this place and eclipse the lights  befriend the darkness and leave nothing but the sparks of our souls  oh fog, that seems to evaporate when <propfemale> breaks  come back to me at night   "
wheres a hover cam when you need one?
music speaks for me when i can't get the words past my lips   laugh 
(after watching wallflower opening)-nose bleed- okay    i've had my fangasim for the day so i'll be good now  laugh 
"i'm so depressed  i woke up extra early and ran around all day in anticipation for our girlie weekend and went shopping for <propfirst>'s birthday just to end up not having a ride there  i'm defeated  i just want to curl up into a ball, roll inot a hole and die   after i set someone on fire  t t"
so i saw him yesturday  i cried last night  just shows how muich i love her  happy birthday <propfirst>!
my friends are my family and they are all i need  laugh 
i went on a spree on youtube and downloaded a million japanese songs! unfortunately the titles are all in japanese as well so i have no idea how ill know which ones which once they are all in my mp3   
i just had the weirdest and most confusingly scary dream ive ever had in my entire life o o is my subconscious trying to tell me something? i'll never be able to look at asian the same again 
"\16 dollars at mcdonald's is like 200 dollars at toys 'r' us \"" - <propfirst>"""
i was just trying to cheer him up  why does he have to be so unkind to me?
i'm <propfemale> happy!! -sheds tears of pure joy- i watched the last season finally of inuyasha and the battle scenes were amazing and  !!! i'm so happy! i can not e playful ress the joy i feel right now! -twitch-
it hurts you know  when you care for someone    i'd rather feel nothing at all 
why can't i ever sleep when i really want to!?!?
i think i might be slowly going insane   
i think that after this time cutting it i'll let my hair grow until its just past my shoulder blades  i'll let it go long even if its bothersome
my doctor was of no help to me  i still can't sleep -__-'
ah! i'll never be able to sleep again!!
-weeps tears of joy- i finally fell asleep last night  laugh  i'm so happy! i hope i can sleep again tonight!
mix pods being a jerk face  -angry face-
all i want to do is make you smile!  laugh  so smile little emo kid! smile!
why do i feel sad when you stop talking to me? do i fear being hated? you'd think i'd be use to it by now   
can i keep you?
dx i might i have to soak my brain in acid to get that knowledge out of my head!!!
why can't i ever say anything thats on my mind without someone taking offence to it?
my writers block is gone! it took me a year to get rid of it but it's gone and now from having only one chapter i now have three!  laugh 
crap i stayed up all night and tonights prom t t shit 
thanks everyone! it means a lot to me that you all went to the trouble of wishing me a good birthday ^^ you guys are the best!
t t i didn't sleep again last night  -sigh- i'm so tired now and i have to leave for school in 10 minutes
reason behind changing my default - i can't stand to look at myself right now 
"\oh look there is a hooker right down the street  or wait  is that a kid? its a kid nvm \"" - my mom"""
i like cookies  _ 
my brain!! it hurts like hell! my heads been having sudden sharp pains lately every so often and i dont know why  it hurts like hell  i have them several times a day  i aslo can't sleep  and its that time of the month  this week has been crap  t t
?????  love 
for some reason thinking about my group of friends doesn't make me happy  it makes me feel more and more miserable by the moment  prom was something that was probably better off not being attended 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  love 
?????????????????????????????????????? love 
i'm so disappointed! i can't find not 1 good copy of the disappearance of haruhi suzumiya the movie anywhere and to top it even the only copy (which is in poor quality and the whole video is slanted the entire time because it was obviously recorded secretly at the theater)  isn't even subbed! i want to watch that movie god damn it!
<propfirst> teaches me something new every god damn day that makes me laugh until i think i might pee myself   _  i'm serious 
my heart aches faintly as it sings a happy song full of bitter sweet memories  i scream out to you in a hoarse voice that can't be heard and cry tears that can't be seen while i smile the day away  the happy days we spent together feel so far away and i know they'll never come back  so i'll smile for what i had and move forward as my heart aches from my bitter sweet song 
i got my id today  playful  my signature looks like crap  lol
i just don't understand why everyone feels the need to find a person just to slap a label on your relationship  can't you be happy with what you have already with the people you already have? thats what i remind myself whenever i think about it  why feel lonely when i'm surrounded by so many people that love me  i should be grateful for what i have or i'll just be asking for it 
"screw you and the fucking horse you road in on! go fuck yourself and your mother, side ways   _ "
"i'm sick of taking other peoples shit when all they do is push me around and treat me like trash! i won't forgive you! this i promise, no matter what, i'll never forgive you!"
every time you open your mouth it just pisses me off more and makes me want to punch something 
"just thinking of him pisses me off  t t i'ma go and delete everything that reminds me of him, k?"
"this is my decision and i won't regret it so don't say i'm wrong  if i am wrong then its my mistake to make  don't try to change me  like me for who i am, how i act, what i do, and why i say things  if you can't then thats your problem not mine  i don't need people who can't like me because of the things i do or say  its all or nothing "
went shopping and i feel so much better  i think i may be one of those people who shop every time there angry or depressed  hmm  that's so weird 
it scares me when boys cry    but i hope i made this boy cry because this boy   really pisses me off 
"tik tok on the clock there's no time to waste, jump down the rabbit hole it's time to race  ;p"
"tik tok on the clock my head is spinning 'round and 'round, nothings up and nothings down  will my feet ever hit the ground? tik tok on the clock life is short and my times up "
> > i ran across an episode of <propfemale> and now i want to watch more t t
now i know why people call her a bitch and talk behind her back  i knew there was a reason why i never liked that girl  no matter how much you try to be nice to her she just bites your fucking head off 
i really wanna go to <propmale>'s ark next month with <propfirst> and the gang but i need to get my phone turned on and i don't have a swim suit   sad 
why do i act this way  it's not the real me  i think i need a shugo <propfemale> more than amu t t she should hand one over to me because i need the help more than she does right now 
i'm so fickin bored and i don't know what to do about it  i was going to be a geek and watch xena warrior <propfemale> but can't find the series online to watch for free anywhere  annoyed  its total bullshit    <propfemale> creeps me out  that poor cat!
"just got done watching <propmale> of persia, <propmale> <propmale> and the olympians, and how to train your dragon  <propmale> and the <propmale> are fucking hot as hell  after watching the movie i feel like i should read the books and play the video games  i want to own all these movies  they are pure awesome sauce  hiccup is now my hero and i would like a toothless for christmas    just sayin "
just because my mom says no    doesn't mean it will stop me from buying a cat when i get money t t
damn it    
rawr      idk > >
"i feel left out of everything  i feel like i'm invisible and no one cares (jessie if you say \i care\"" on this i will hurt you bc u haven't called me in a week and i haven't been invited anywhere)i feel like i'm rotting in some dark damp hole that i dug myself into and that i will have to sleep in this grave i've made  i will end up alone and unloved and unwanted because in the end everyone forgets about my existence """
"time to  start another uneventful, wasted, boring day alone    yay t t how i love summer "
again i didnt sleep last night  t t damn it  i can't get back to my normal sleeping habits 
i'm so hungry dx why isn't there ever any food in this damn house!
don't say a word  t t
me and <propfirst> went swimming  laugh  but <propfirst> an piggy are lame and didn't go with us =p
interwebs be lame!
dx sick again  my whole left half of my throat is swollen  it hurts like hell!
i should be a ninja  t t i bet if i tried i'd be good at it 
t t my room is totally empty  there is nothing in it  everything is packed and ready to go   it makes me feel sad 
this is lame  t t life is lame but at least i get to eat food 
"i feel like crying but not even a single tear will fall   i bottle my feelings without even trying  maybe that means i've perfected the whole \bottling\"" thing """
"thinking of you where ever you are~ we pray for our sorrows to end and hope that our hearts will blend  now i will step forward to realize this wish: and who knows, starting a new journey may not be so hard    or maybe it's already begun  there are many worlds but they share the same sky  one sky  one <propfemale> "
=p i dragged a t v into my bedroom just so i could play kingdom hearts 
dx why doesn't  <propfirst>'s tv have connections?! i can't play my kh!
i hachu <propfirst> for makin me like jonh dies at the end    -chuckles- i wish <propfirst> was my friend  frickin hilarious that guy is 
o e last night i didn't fall asleep until 3am bc i kept thinking i saw something in the darkness move from the corner of my eye     god damn you <propfirst> wong 
all i can do is bother and annoy people  what kind of talent is that?
"find myself reading <propfirst> dies at the end again  didn't i say i wasn't going to read that anymore?    man , i gotta pee "
finished <propfirst>  dies at the end     i'm a a little on the confused side but mostly please about what happen  whats with the ending though? guess it doesn't matter  it was funny 
 _ 
"life never goes the way you plan it so why even try  go with the flow of things and maybe, just maybe, things will turn out better then you could have ever imagined "
fear is nothing to be ashamed of but you have to learn to live with that fear  learn to conquer that fear and don't let it ever hold you back from the things you want to do because if you let it win you might miss the best things that make life worth living 
you know that feeling you get when you've just been ripped off  i have that feeling right now 
i hate the world right now so leave me alone for a while 
everyone just leave me alone! stop acting like you care because you don't! you only  acting like it because i called you out on your bullshit
i'm back home  i missed my bed to much  ah  how i love thy bed 
ugh  i think i might be sick 
missing my besty  see you in a few!!
 laugh  i'm so into this new anime katekyo hitman reborn!! i am proud to say i am a hayato gokudera fan girl now!! he is super smexy!
d= my cat killed a baby mole t t that poor baby mole 
i feel sick  sad 
"what to do, what to do?"
taco bell: that will be $5 75piggy: i don't have any money    will you accept a coconut?taco bell: no  piggy: well   i was trying to save this for later but -sigh- here's my pineapple  taco bell: o o? piggy: -throws pineapple into the take out window- who lives in a pineapple under the sea?! sponge <propmale> square pants!! -drives off-
"me: i hid from him up a tree  smile , my besty jessie: (not listening) thats what all the kool kids are doing "
jessie: (climbing a tree) is the mushroom up here? me: but mushrooms don't grow on trees  jessie: but money does 
jessie sad playing kingdom hearts)  laugh  now i can kill folk  me: yeah    wait! o o kill folk?
jessie: ( still playing kingdom hearts) ooh ooh ooh look a fat guy! can i smash em? this is a bench hehe  moneymoneymoney  laugh   kill them! kill them with fire! i don't have my fire yet  where's my fire? i want my fire  me: jump with faith  jessie: -falls- i have no faith  god has abandoned me 
jessie: how am i suppose to kill folk if no ones here?
me: go e playful lore jessie: if by 'e playful lore' you mean 'drugs' than okay 
me: why would someone make that? jessie: who cares  its funny  (http annoyed  verydemotivational com tag hitler 
jessie: why haven't i leveled yet?  how many of these things do i have to murder? i will murder the shit out of these things!
hate to say i told you so but i told you so  i told you how he was and what he would do but you still took the dive and like i had warned you ended up splattered across his floor 
"one, two, three, four    counting off the sleepless nights and restless days on my fingers is so boring but what else is there to do?"
i need to do my laundry t t
i'ma buy a <propfemale> dress!!
i am the best stalker ever  laugh  i rule at this game!
i wish tomorrow would hurry up and get here 
awake and ready to shop  laugh 
i went swimming  laugh 
i wish yesterday had gone like my dream because then he would have been there and he would have fallen to sleep next to me  annoyed 
whenever i think about him it brings a smile to my face and a bitter sweet feeling to my heart  annoyed 
couldn't sleep  got bored  dyed my hair  annoyed 
i should know best what i said and did but apparently i don't so i'm always wrong 
my dress is done!
i'm <propfemale> bored
got my lenses and omg awesome sauce
fuck dx my face is breaking out  no one bother me for like to days! hopefully by then my face will be under control bc this is bullshit 
my laptop has a veris!! dx
i feel so ugly today  my face is breaking out and everything dx and i have to meet someone i havent seen in a long time tomorrow  this is total bullshit  i hate my face 
its gonna be really hot tomorrow    what should i wear so as to stay cool while hanging out?
<propfirst> dies at the end finally arrived today  laugh 
i'm kinda getting sick of life  _  its getting on my nerves
i'm gonna kill something d<
my laptop got hacked o o
fixed my laptop by going back to factory settings  i hate getting viruses  _ 
warning: i'm sick and it could be contagious! i will update this when i am no longer sick  until then don't come over to my house unless your prepared     with cough medicine because i really need some  d=
someone  anyone  please bring me cough medicine  i'm dying over here 
ugh i have school registration tomorrow  t t so lame 
"\you can't get over love     until you realize your better off without it \""  how many times do i have  to repeat myself until he understands """
i wish i could be in the masquerade ball during geek kon but i don't have a formal dress or mask and no money to buy one  annoyed 
rawr lol
"your my best friend and you make me come out of my shell and be myself around ppl but at the same time standing in your shadow next to you makes me feel like the most useless person  i hate it when you put yourself down because if what you do isn't good enough then,what does that make what i do? i know i'm useless and i have no talent  i'm not good at anything, except for making ppl smile  but thats not worth a lot "
i'm dreading the first day of the new school year
what the fuck am i suppose to do now?
got back from a weekend at geek kon  laugh  it was a blast! can't wait until next year!!
t_t i can just feel how much of a drag this year is going to be and how much its gonna where me out    -sigh- good bye sleep i will miss thee
things seem to have become more and more grim lately t_t
well    i do believe i've been kicked out of my own house >_> what do i do now?
she still makes me wanna vomit
note to self : predictable
my dads burning our family to ashes as my mother pokes it with a pitch fork     there just taking my child hood and ripping things to shreds  the end is near but maybe from these ashes i can make something new in the future 
i feel so out of the loop  left behind and out of place  why can't i go back in time to the old days  i miss the days when we first met and u didn't like anyone 
i just want to crawl into a dark whole and die  someone end this bullshit 
i miss my contacts and can't wait until my new ones arrive  laugh 
 surprise  i want a hello <propfemale> contact lens case care thing! its so cute  laugh 
so my dad is in the hospital    the sitch is giving me a head ache t_t
i'm getting sick of liking guys who don't like me  t_t i wish i was a sexual 
"blah blah fucking blah thats what ur words mean to me and i wish this day would end <propmale>ready, i wish this week would end, i wish this month, year, decade would end can't i crawl into a hole and stay there untl u <propmale> die  i feel this is a good idea"
apparently i'm depressing     i can see what they mean :j
i'm sick of being sick  i want this cold gone d<
i love halloween  laugh 
why does my sore throat keep getting worse and worse instead of better d<
why r all me friends retarded?
i miss <propfemale> dx
"so my k button is broken to the point i can't even use it anymore  now u wonder \ then how the fuck is she typing all these damn k's?\"" i'll tell you  copy and paste """
why am i so cold?
>_> two words that will change your life: <propmale> potter 
i just want to go home 
"awkward, awkward, and more awkward "
i'm so bored i got a twitter    it was entertaining for the first 10 seconds  i still don't see the attraction 
"stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid! d<"
"fell asleep at 6am, had to wake up at 9am yay for those 3 precious hours of sleep "
i love utorrent   love 
gawd i'm bored
blarg
happy holidays everyone  i hope your's are better than mine 
what the hell did he do   ? no  never mind  i don't wanna know  _ 
i hate you and your llama song > annoyed 
that picture made my day  smile 
what am i getting myself into? i don't know and i can't seem to care  if i'm making a mistake then let me make it 
you're kinda pissing me off and i hate you for it 
i had fun 
he's not naked he just under dressed 
