3d4b3ebf8dc1e006b764e48673384a60
i sure missed the internet this last month!!!
smells like freedom today    happy 4th to everyone!
yeah finally a day off!!!!
only 3 more days of worky and then a nice 3 week vacation!!! hurry tues july 14th and get here before i die!!
"less than 48 hrs cali, here we come!!!"
today is hermosa beach day!! and shoe shopping for good walking shoes 
big sky montana here we come!!! can't wait to see the glaciers and the house of mystery   
getting the car rental back to it's home with out any extra fees!!!!
"ahh, home sweet messy home!! time to cleany   "
"all day training, here we come   "
sunday naps are a great thing   
back to work   
is glad to have the next 2 days off    here we come fun!!
how gross i just laid in there the other day   
ice cream social at the kids school and up to the epic bmx park    yeahhhh
back to school for <propfirst> tomorrow    kether and sabae back on wed  time to get another part time job!!!
"going to a huge wedding and seeing our friends we haven't seen in a very long time  love you guys, cya soon   "
back to school nights are finally over     lol
2 days off    here comes nappy time
snow   bears   and the aspen changing!!!
where does the time go???
taking the kiddies and granny to the observatory in berthoud!!!
omg it's going to take me an hour to view all my requests      sorry if i don't answer all of them ughhh
is pondering the idea of snow tomorrow!!!! hummmmm
"breakfast for dinner, biskers and gravy with scrambled cheezy eggzy     heart attack here i come   "
yeah it's still snowing    beautiful <propmale> mtns   
bear watching    i have lived in colorado for 12 years and i finally found a place where 6 bears are living right outside of town  can't wait until sat  to go see them 
last minute book report time     ugghhhh
my son got that damn book report done    yeah i can breath!!!! ice cream time    
"i need a new camera, and a photographer to take the pics for me    "
cub scout halloween pack meeting went very well    bobbin for doughnuts on strings instead of sharing swine flu with the ole bobbin for apples game     yeah <propmale>!!!
"can't wait to see \of the fourth kind\"" and \""paranormal activity\""     here i come"""
district 9 was a great alien moive   
"a day off    guess i will clean, and maybe get in a fall nappy    where are the damn bears???"
"hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work i go   "
nice foot or so of snow!! keep on coming i don't want to do that 5 am flight at the airport   
tgif   
it's birthday bowling for <propfirst>'s 17th b'day~~~~
"happy helloweenie everyone, be safe   "
i always knew we were part alien!!!!
you know how you can tell when your kids have eaten too much halloween <propfemale>??? when the inside of their ears smell like tootsie rolls and hershey's <propfemale> bars!!! omg   
ahhh home at last    
2012                                                                                 
"life is good, thank you god   "
going to watch kether's second basketball game this morning    man it's too early to look at other people   
tgiw   
"forgive me if my intellectual intelligence is low today, my energy has been drained   "
"happy thanksgiving to all    i am thankful for everything today, and will not forget to be thankful everyday    god is good   "
omg i went over a month with no internet service  it feels weird getting back on facebook and going through 498 emails at my yahoo     hope none of them were important!!!
happy new year to everyone   
avatar in 3d was worth the money!!! bad ass movie and special effects   
my investigation background helped me to find my old friend from 20 years ago! i am very happy to have found her   
bless the saints and new orleans!!!!
"where in the hell is my list of friends?? when i click on friends it only gives me highschool, work and something else to choose from where are the rest of my friends, if anyone can help     dughh    "
5 am flight is going to be pretty rough    
"my baby sabae will be receiving his bear rank tonight at the masonic lodge in fort collins~~way to go sabaean, mama is so proud of her cub scout "
dim's my boyz    
half a day off!!! yeah   
"hey to you locals it's kids day downtown loveland on wed  from 1-4    free movies at the rialto, lots of vendors and kid friendly stuff to do   "
"time to work out, omg i can hardly walk after a long day of work, sitting and investigating on the computer!!! lol"
what have you done for a stranger today? ~ surprise )
yeah its friday    bounce time tonight and wild animal santuary tomorrow after sabae's scrimmage  i can't wait to see my best friend and the black bears  hi ho hi ho its off to work i go   
"devil's backbone hike about killed me today    the cub scouts did a great job setting the pace, thank you all!!"
i ran on a treadmill at the gym with out getting shot off the back of it!!!! laughing my fat ass off all the way!!!
we are supposed to get 5-12 inches of snow tonight into tomorrow night! can't wait   
i never realized that the pinewood derby for cub scouts was such a serious sport until weigh in tonight!!!
"sabae's car won first 7 x's out of 8, but was not enough to get a trophy! kether's car was 4th across the finish line 6 out of 8 x's    nice job boys! pic's coming soon "
the toothfairy with the rock was pretty funny  man he's gorgeous in tights!!!
snow day tomorrow for thompson valley schools!!! e playful ecting over a foot    yea haw   
"half a day off, nice to get a nap in    ~ surprise )"
"time to clean, work out and get my boys some haircuts    "
my first hockey game tonight! the colorado eagles vs  the muddogs  it sure was an e playful erience and i can't wait to take the boys    
happy easter!!!
a day off with lots of house work and taxes to be done!!
"my kids got to shoot a bb gun for the first time today! now they want one, or 2!!!"
"baseball starts tonight!!! i can't believe i got both boys on the same team, nice!!"
my boys got to see 2 rattlesnakes at devil's backbone today!! bummer i wish i was there so i could show them houw to skin em!!!
"less than 48 hours before i find out if ghosts really exist, i am so excited i can't even sleep!!"
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile and she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of poo  real women keep this going "
our group investigation for paranormal activity was pretty queit last night at the double r bar  boo hoo! anyone wanting to join the loveland paranormal can contact me via facebook or email 
a messy house    will be a beautiful home by the time the chitlins get home   
i am going to pass my pse with flying colors today    
i got an a++++++++++++++++ hell yeah!!!!
"thank you all for the nice comments, you all are appreciated!! have a great weekend and mother's day to all    "
road trip to the shambala mountain center    i think we might see a bear!!!
no bears yet!!!
i have the best kids and husband in the world!!!! i love you all so very much   
"snow storm warning for <propmale> mtn  national park, larimer, boulder and weld counties     niceeeeeeeee      "
looks like we might not have baseball practice tonight!!!
remember where's the beef????                      where's the snow??????
"i am so ready for another ghost hunt i can't hardly contain myself, hurry up and get better <propmale>    "
sabaean graduates tonight from a bear to a webelo   he can't wait until summer camp when he get's to play with bb guns and bows and arrows!!!!
kether is going to be joining into the webelos ii as well    mama is proud of doz boyz!!!
congratulations out to my oldest son <propmale> for an awesome gpa 3 25!!!!
off to the boys baseball scrimmage  can't wait to see sabean and kether in those baseball pants!!! lol
only 2 more days of school for the boys!! can't wait for that summer trip    12 more days ~ surprise )
"last day of school for the chitlins     i get to look forward to a messy house all summer, lots of fights to break up, unknown kids in and out of my house, bruised knees and roadrashed elbows    oh the joy of motherhood, i love it    "
"i miss my beautiful boulder,\chief niwot here we come\""    """
another ghost hunt    anyone local care to join on friday night???
we finally got to see 2 balck bears    in their natural habitat in sequoia national park    what a treat that was!!
the boys got stomped at their baseball game!!! i hope we win one game before august!!
it was snowing up in <propmale> mtn  national park today and trail ridge was closed with 3 inches of snow and ice    
the boys finally won one of their baseball games!! yeah haw    9 to 2    way to go vipers!
"cub scout day camp has come to an end    the boys learned all kinds of cool stuff like archery, bb guns, sling shots, leave no trace camping, forestry, journeyman and played lots of games    time to rest boys  love you   "
happy fathers day to all fathers    
"a day filled with housecleaning, dr  appt , baseball practice, planting flowers and checking my facebook account periodically   i love those days off from work, wisley spent   "
got to see my oldest son & his girlfriend tonight    my how fast they grow up  love you phila penio!!!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> created an http annoyed  www ourspace com  account  ourspace com is the leading urban social network  connect with <propfemale> <propfemale> by visiting http annoyed  www ourspace com 
<propfemale> <propfemale> created an http annoyed  www ourspace com  account  ourspace com is the leading urban social network  connect with <propfemale> <propfemale> by visiting http annoyed  www ourspace com 
why do i feel like a loser when i sleep in until 9:50???
what about that hurricane that blew through last night and cancelled our fireworks???
"the heart shaped fireworks in loveland, co were priceless!!!"
we get to go to the university of northern colorado today to lecture boyscouts about how to get through the airport faster when traveling   my advice   make sure you have clean socks on when you come to the airport    
hi ho hi ho    it's off to red feather we go!! there have already been 4 bear break in's this season   if i don't show up for work on wednesday call the ranger's!!!
"ahh back home to our humble abode! can't wait to sleep in a my sealy, god i am sore   "
2 more days of summer for the boys    back to the grind    oh yeah!!!
"my kids are so lucky    they got 2 really great teachers this year! to all of you parents out there, i hope your kids have a very great school year!!!"
"the paranormal investigation @ lionsgate event center was well worth the time we spent there!! <propfemale> thank you for giving us the opportunity to investigate your business  and to <propfemale> who gave us all the stories and joined us, you are an angel  we will contact you shortly for a reveal date   "
"i don't believe in a book, i don't believe in a priests' words, i don't believe in a scroll  i believe in me  if you don't believe in me, join the queue of non-believers, one day you will see what i believe, that day you will believe as i do~ anonymous"
anyone up for an airsoft gun fight or some bow and arrow target practice???
happy veteran's to day to all our veterans! thank you for risking your life for our freedom <propfirst>!
"i have a million things to be thankful for! thank you, thank you, thank you! i am blessed and life is great  happy thanksgiving to all!"
i wish everyone a very <propfemale> and happy christmas   
it snowed in phoenix today!!! it must be the end of the world as we know it    
rip grandma <propfemale>  you are in good hands   
when did they start doing spelling <propfemale>'s at 7 smile 0 am on a sat?? kether has made it to districts and will be testing this morning to see if he goes to state    
a toasty -13 degrees here    
