8fc38e8e3fccc992f2a98524e5625a7a
i was able to eat a few bites of chicken last night  hoping i can get a little work done today 
"<propmale> has been extra nurturing since our daughter's accident  not only to our girl, but to all of us  he's wonderful "
everything is going very well  i'm happy  sunburned and happy 
"thank you few for all of your support! great things keep happening, and everything is falling into place nicely "
i'm taking a break from packing autumn's things and rearranging stuff 
i gave zeus a big goat's horn  it's his new favorite chew-toy  if only i could get him to stop tossing it across my bedroom 
"i've been more productive, energetic and happier these past few weeks than i have since   ever, maybe  it feels really good  really wonderful "
i wish my company wasn't coming over so late  i'm bored!
"dang, that's the 2nd time some stupid bitch tried to use my photos as her own! wtf?"
"the one time i don't <propfemale> a weapon i almost get attacked by a pitbull! thankfully, i knew his name  i wonder if he knew it was me who stomped all over his head and neck to get him off of my dog a couple of months ago  i'll kill him next time  and i'm keeping his skull as a trophy "
the cops are raiding my neighbor's house right now  mom's gonna freak!
no! the burn ban is extended another 3 months! come on rain  i have a huge pile of wood on my burn pile  arrrg!
too bad i ran out of daylight  i love mowing!
got more sun today working outside on the land with my son  now i'm rearranging my bedroom  i've come to the conclusion that i have too much heavy shit 
my dogs won't hold still enough to get a clear shot 
there are some really kind people out there   love  dr  redman family practice!
my rear is sunburned   annoyed 
"my daughter, autumn, and her cousin, <propfemale>, are singing their little hearts out  so cute "
my son is leaving tomorrow for fort worth for a few weeks to see his dad and the family  it's going to be strange without him 
autumn gave zeus a bath with the hose and played in the water  <propmale> just left with his dad  i guess it's cleaning time 
"watch your thoughts, they become words  watch your words, they become actions  watch your actions, they become your character  -unknown"
"all it takes is one missed dose of paxil and i get these weird painless shocks and waves in my body  it always starts with my tongue, then face, hands and finally my arms  annoying "
"what a gloomy, lazy, crappy, ugly day "
ew gross  i was throwing up  i'm so tired of that lol 
"oh geezus, i flipped my ashes into my gatorade by mistake "
i have this baby bird with 2 broken legs  let it take days to die or mercy-kill it?
central air went out  good times 
"thank you uncle <propfirst>, mom and <propfemale> for all your help with the a c  \ love "
i want to go roller skating 
"the healthcare reform <propmale> outlaws denial of coverage to those with preexisting conditions  it started with children, but won't start for adults until <propfirst>  1, 2014 "
<propfemale> bought autumn several sets of the cutest little clothes   love  i am exhausted 
it's so nice when a kid becomes old enough to take on another chore 
hope the kiddos have a great first day back at school 
"my little girl, autumn, and i played soccer and went running with zeus in the rain last night  how fun!"
i love my new doctor and all the staff there  the clinic is so nice and modern 
