9ff3abdb837bf2dff082b33c256e149f
interpals
got the north k pc virus ??
facebook is so hard    soooo confusing
yay <propfemale> parade   surprise  thanx for blocking my bus route !
this bff thing is kinda getting on my nerves  i didn't answere a single question -_-
srry     im finally finished with my busy weeks       sorry for not sending back the messages for over a month x(  
finally i changed my phone (i didn;t ignore the calls my phone was just a reck  )
'once upon a time in <propfemale>' is ?
"internet       uff  ?, ?  "
tody the guy from charter came and fixed the internet!!
first day of college omg   big class room = hard to say hello -_- haha
"customer rep alert928@hotmail com \this guy sends mails putting a msn picture and says\                  \account alert\\dear valued member, \(and tells you2 write ur name and username and password)\\i know no1 would fall for it so just reply a virus to this scam"
how come all my profs are giving out hws   
"my third ball here in the states popped after one day of game ??  \?? "
had fun today one goal and 4 big saves including a body dive save  but specifically i was just rolling on the field coz i ran too fast and happend to block it haha 
yay cousin arrives to us!! she's gonna get me out of my boring house who cares of homework 
''''monday'''' hope you join me for the whole day studying at the shatford library 
any pcc student planning on taking english 1a spring semester???(or winter  playful )
"downtown ~ \\(math is an element of torture)"
hey who wants to join me tommorow ?  im going to an international student meeting to eat and crave pumpkin    i know some friends are already gonna be there  laugh 
"is everybody trick or treating? im studyin, i have no clue how halloween is in the outside world here in us  , maybe next year ill know "
"who is for studyin everyday at the library till sundown   it's not for fun nor gathering, its to suceed "
"my fatigue, stacked up  today finally k o    x("
panera
wold some1 want to edit a church homepage and earn 300$?
"usc   today when i saw you i was speachless and depressed  but now i am back in my house and thinking, i come up with a resolution that cheers me up; more ambition, less imagination, more action!"
will be at the glendale public library 
can international students take off a spring or fall semester?
"why is why is evry1 starting to get in a relationship starting from mr,ms a~z = = wierd    or maybe im weird   or is it happening because of the christmas season magic ???  "
gibme a break !  now even facebook is lagging     ??  
damn   i thought register was tommorow but it was from yesterday   
"dear <propfemale> city hometown buffet, you taste bad and you are not worthy of being called \land of and\"""""
"last moments to comment on 2010 christmas   bless <propfirst> garcia's family and relatives  so many things happened today, such a crazy and unusual christmas it was  i will not forget it  thank you  this may be the last big memory for 2010      i will miss you 2010"
"while watching villa vs real i was going to move on to barca leaving rm  then the return of the <propmale>, kaka! as he joined in the seconed half , like a torpido, an assist to cr's hat trick and few minutes later a goal from the genuine kaka! damn he's good "
i still havnt got my refund for winter session  is there anybody who has got their refund?
"thank u all it was a sweet one, gracias = o  "
give everything in one shot to embrace the <propmale>!!!
"why is twiting so important when applying to a company?? i just don't get it  i'd think a recomendation is much better for a profile  people aren't always the same as in online  why twitter as a profile, da heck "
what jerks throwing their solid disposal in the pcc bathroom sink!
hell yeah!! everything is going out better than i thought  smile 
first time being pulled over by police (well even though it was on a bicycle     )
"president obama confirms: \justice has been served\""  osama bin laden is dead """
