36ca1e315a39a9fbd077a3416e829e78
'doctor who' marathon on bbc <propfemale>!?!?!? holy crap who answered my 2010 wish?!?!?!?!?!
is saying goodbye to the sister 
is packing   or trying to   her mom is doing most of it 
is back in aiken  hobbling around   trying to walk 
is glad that the computers in her building decided to work again!
is doing laundry and getting ready for another crazy week in nyc! dmc (the mother) is coming to visit thursday!!!!!
hasn't checked facebook in weeks   sorry everybody   i'll check in soon!
thinks that people who fall for other peoples 'bull shit'   are even stupider than the person with the 'bull shit' 
   only four weeks left   when the hell did that happen?
is about to go <propfemale> out with her peeps from <propfemale> adler group e to celebrate steph and fielding's birthdays!
is freaking out a bit   for no reason   
is soaking up her last two weeks in nyc but misses her friends (and cat teehee) and is ready to go home 
is starting to think it might be weird being back home after being away for what seems like an eternity 
is counting down   and misses her bestie 
is going to miss group e so much! only one more day left guys   lets get wasted afterwards!
's summer in nyc is officially over and it feels strange 
is going to chill out and watch <propfemale> austen movies   in honor of <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
is going to see the new <propmale> potter finally! eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!
just wants all this shit to be over!
is missing new york and group e!
"wishes she could re-meet all those people she knew during the \awkward phase\"" to show them she's still just as awkward   """
is listening to the rock of ages soundtrack and loving it   don't hate!
is going back to aiken 
"says, \ok   so now what?\"""""
is watching <propfemale> hepburn movies all day on tcm!
thinks her cat poops outside the litterbox like it's a damn olympic sport and it's quite annoying 
can't sleep 
thinks you should stop by her place tonight after 9pm for a get together she's having!  smile  it's waaaaaaaaaaay more exciting than you think  playful 
is trying 
 smile  
is freaking out cuz we got the house!
wants you to feel   beholden 
gets the point 
r i p <propmale> 
"is a little \homesick\"" for new york   but she loves her friends and is enjoying the short visit with <propmale>!"""
is booooooooored  bored 
was pleasently surprised 
is catching up on some project runway!
is getting ready for a very busy week  moving+rehearsals+classes=craziness!
hates killing time before class 
we have the keys! it's official   the girls house!
needs a dose of voice and speech today 
is being nostalgic 
misses nyc and is tiered after moving some stuff into the house   still have an ass load to go!
wishes she was <propmale> potter so she could just magically move all her stuff to the house  money to hier movers would also work 
would much rather be unpacking 
keeps forgetting things at home! ugh!!!
kind of wants to run away right now 
is about to watch the masterpeice mystery episode she missed last night   online! how awesome is that? i'm a dork   just let it happen 
ugh!
is laughing at herself   because if she didn't laugh she would cry   yey for being a big ol' clutz!
is a f*** up this week!
is so glad it's the end of a horrible crazy week!
needs a 'd surprise ver' on life 
is off to try and pass this geology test! ugh!
want's to be sleeping 
is it the weekend yet?
is damn annoyed 
wants to escape to nyc   anyone wanna come along?
'the clean house' opens tomorrow at usca! thurs -sat  at 7 smile 0pm sun at 2pm  come see it or be black listed forever!  laugh 
is stupid geology field trip 
  is  an  idiot  again  ugh!
wants to go back to studio 
would really like to pass out right now   but no   life never stops   stuart little auditions tonight at 6pm! directed by moi! if you arn't into acting   there are lots of tech positions still needed   if interested stop by and fill out a form!
"is a joka, a smoka, a midnight tokea   she gets her lovin' on the run "
wishes that her fall break had actually been productive 
isn't going to class apparently   ugh! damn this lack of motivation 
is gellin like a felon 
's birthday is on a wednesday   lame  it's raining   lame  one of her classes got cancelled so she can sit in the library and watch masterpiece mystery   awesome! happy birthday to me!  laugh 
is going to see <propfemale> griffin tonight with two of the coolest people i know! holy shit! excitement!
had a great time with <propfemale> living her furman life for a while   now back to mine!
'and the moonbeams kiss the sea '
walked into french class late   where there was a test   she totally forgot about!
lasraeher 
misses the best friend 
is wearing striped socks 
doesn't know anymore 
is officially depressed after reading all the stuff about the <propfirst> and <propfirst> sands 
"is attempting to do some work  \it's just tuesdays  tuesdays suck!\"""""
doesn't want to be sick and is ready for the weekend!
you win  all of you  you win 
is 1 <propmale> history test down   1 rock quiz to go 
is officially really really bad with money 
is going to have the house aaallllllllll to herself this weekend   roomates beware teehee
is seriously wondering if anyone has seen what lady gaga really looks like 
is in a new york state of mind 
hates walking on egg shells 
would be happy to live inside bbc <propfemale> 
success!
it's bullshit  all of it 
is pissed that she forgot her cuticle clippers at home 
come on thanksgiving break!
is officially stressed out  can i just go home crawl in bed and cry myself to sleep? yes? okay awesome!
is hanging out with her <propmale> little cast and 600 children! woooohoooo
wants to take a nap so bad!
is sending a shout out to her awesome '<propmale> little' cast  great job guys!
   columbia 
is watching the thanksgiving day parade! hells yeah!
"is reading 'the book of usless information' to her mother while she cooks  \the most difficult tounge-twister is \""the sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick \"""""
would anyone like to see 'the nutcracker' at the koger center tomorrow night? i have a free ticket  random   but free 
is running errands with the mother and then going to see the best friend  jealous? you should be 
is working on papers  awesome 
is really trying to work on this paper  really  i am  trying 
yup   still working on this damn paper for higbee 
is finished! holy crap!
broke her right ankle in three places yesterday and is pretty much the best clutz ever! surgery tomorrow 
is sleeping off the drugs 
is tiered of her thigh muscle hurtting more than her broken ankle!
is here 
"is grossed out, embarrassed, pissed off and very very angry  did i mention i was mad?"
is taking a nap with sassy 
just watched 'lost in austen'   finally   and was pleasently surprised by its fanciful silliness 
doesn't understand  what's new?
is sailin' the high seas with captain <propfirst> sparrow!
is going back to columbia tomorrow!
if it's not one thing  it's another 
<propfemale> murphy is dead? what?
holy shit   it's almost christmas!
doesn't think she has ever disliked anyone so much  seriously 
is addicted to snood  it's sad i know 
"is hanging out with my mama, my sister, and the plumber   that's right   merry christmas!"
<propfemale> christmas!
it's christmas!
got a laptop for christmas! holy crap! it's so pretty!
had a great christmas with the family and <propmale>! <propfemale> christmas everyone!
is off to see 'sherlock holmes'   i wonder what it's gonna be like maneurvering through a crowded movie theatre with a wheelchair?!?
nyc you are calling my name 
is ready to start walking 
um yeah  that's about it 
'gosford park' 
aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
can't get enough of the bbc stuff! 'it is not the dispare that hurts one  but the hope '
can't stop watching disney movies 
brrrrrrrrr  coldness 
hulu  a great idea 
school  boooooooo 
does not want to do today  can't i just stay in my bed?
to sleep  perchance to dream  right?
is falling apart  not only does she have a busted ankle   now she pulled something in her neck and shoulder to where it hurts to even move  great 
oh god  today  was  xhaihrdjebfnbdsjakd 
lost her glasses and is going to be wearing pjs to the theatre today  yup 
feels like death  sickness  boo 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
food  friends  movie  ah it's nice to have a night off 
friday!
thought she had changed her mind about the show ny-lon when she got to the last episode   but no   it still sucked 
is so tiered of not being able to breath out of her nose!
okay  all the things wrong with <propfemale>  1  busted right ankle still healing  2  has a cold  3  can't breath out of nose because of cold  4  cold has also caused an ear infection in left ear  5  right eye is swollen and keeps watering  seriously   what the hell?!?!?!?
wants to be in time square about to get a chocolate milkshake from juniors  seriously so good 
is tiered of being congested!
mr  <propmale> from '<propfemale>' is one of the most ridiculous characters ever written in literature  just sayin 
is it friday yet?
has a lot to do this weekend 
3d tv in british pubs? what?
"knock, knock  who's there? doctor  doctor wh-  wait "
always waits till the last minute and have so much to do tomorrow  seriously 
thinks hollywood must be a very intimidating place 
is doing the travel thing 
now has a fish  yes  i gave in to the trend at my house  his name is whore-hey 
thinks this new facebook layout is kinda weird   ?
worst day ever 
feels like all kinds of shit  dr  who come erase my memory 
misses her <propfemale> 
"ah depression, my old friend  you came back for a visit, how long do you plan on staying?"
home in columbia  much needed 
is tired of school 
it's just tuesdays  tuesdays suck 
<propfirst> black is hilarious 
cancelled class with nothing to do til 1:40  going home would mean staying and never coming back up to campus   and going to class is important  right?
i’m not crying  it’s just been raining  on my face 
home to columbia again this weekend  time to officially say bye to sassy 
flight of the conchords   seriously   the best medicine 
feels sick again   wtf?!?!?!
hates writing papers 
class   you kill me slowly each day 
been a good day  first in a while 
found her phone charger   so nevermind 
and another weekend that shall be stolen by the theatre  awesome 
now has a massive tv is the living room thanks to <propfirst>'s dad and   some kid i do not know 
is going to watch a movie on that massive tv 
monday boo 
"'i'm the pretty <propmale> of parties, you're a tasty piece of pastry, you're so lighty flighty flakey, i go where the party takes me '"
oh god  setc 
is in kentucky   sitting in a nice ass hotel room with the roommates  audition tomorrow   les sigh   here we go again 
setc is officially over  5 callbacks  even if they don't ammount to anything i'm proud of myself!
home  sweet  home 
um   kate winslet at the oscars   god damn that woman is gorgeous 
'two for the road' is the best <propfemale> hepburn movie ever! you should watch it  seriously if you like <propfemale> hepburn or 60s movies or just movies ingeneral you should watch it  <propfemale> hepburn and <propfirst> finney in the 60s during their prime! oh so good!
is officially in columbia for spring break  we should <propfemale> out?
new stage application is in the mail 
another movie day with the mama and <propmale>!
is a very hard worked person  awesome 
is once again amazed by the waste of time that is her psych class  i like psychology but the class   is so pointless!
aaaaaaand rehearsals start again 
is a little amazed that her fish has last this long  long live whore-hey!
"\ if i'm honest i have to tell you i still read fairy-tales and i like them best of all \"" -<propfemale> hepburn"""
so forget what i said about my fish living so long  he just died  r i p  whore-hey 
has an overwhelming <propfemale> to curl up into a ball and say f*** it to everything 
yeeeeaaaah  about that 
great way to start the week   sleep through alarm and miss class  awesome 
is always tired 
's back is out of commission 
is seriously so smitten 
is very happy 
has misplaced her roommates somewhere 
can't quite wrap her brain around all the stuff she has to do 
ah well  it was a nice idea for a while 
loves feeling giddy 
'titanic' and laundry  lazy sundays 
is an insomniac  seriously 
'so how is god today?'
is spending quality time with the best friend 
is off to become vernadette again  <propmale> and her dead beat children   who wouldn't want that?
this age make-up is killing my skin 
ugh  school  how i hate it so 
would like a new ankle  preferably one without bolts and screws keeping it together 
drinking + phantom of the opera = lots of bad drunken singing and little progress on school work 
ahhhhhhhhhhh  i can't think of anything funny!
is the definition of a f*** up 
lalalalala  utp banquet 
oh  god  my body hates me 
wants to fast forward about 3 years 
is about to see the best friend 
is gonna run away to england 
oh  god  i  hate  school 
has a new obsession for the music of a fine frenzy 
epic fail 
oh columbia 
is catching up on some 'dr  who' ohmygod i want a space whale!
new '<propfirst> hood' movie? yes 
paranoia sometimes dominates my life 
keeps proving herself to be an idiot  very confused 
is very good at overreacting 
"oh my, my, oh hell yes, you got to put on that party dress "
is dead  mmmm let's ice this ankle and watch some law and order 
would like to get a re-do on her life 
opening night  theatre gods be on my side!
"\sister <propfirst> ignatious e playful lains it all for you\"" lets go offend some people!"""
is finally going to see sex and the city 2!
dr  who marathons make mondays a little easier 
is hiding in her room because there are construction people cutting up her mama's house 
last weekend to see 'sister <propfirst> ignatius e playful lains it all for you' at trustus!
<propfirst> awards! hell yessssss!
real housewives of nyc reunion   those are some crazy women!!!
would like to go back to nyc and re-live last summer again thank you 
lets go england!!!
oh well 
i n s o m n i a 
"\can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now \"""""
alright england! lets try this again!
usa and england! yes happy happy lady!
is skeptical of these as seen on tv stickers that supposedly lift up your boobs  i mean   stickers?
is freaking out! lets go usa!
barf 
surprise! <propfemale> will spending the next three weeks of her life in alabama! wait  what? when did i sign up for this?!?! oh crap 
"dear girl with the short hair in the iphone 4 commercial, \your hair does actually look bad your boyfriend just doesn't want to tell you  you won't be getting laid till it grows back out \sincerely, cynical"
why isn't the number 11 pronounced onety one?
"it's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring "
is the lamest person i know 
can not wait to see the bestie! roooooooad triiiiiiiiiiiip!
so much to do 
is not looking forward to the move this weekend  ugh!
moooooooooooooving  it's too hot for this shit 
this is going to be the longest day ever 
doesn't know anymore 
loves wearing her rose-colored glasses 
wait  <propfemale> on  an <propfemale>n version of top gear? what the hell <propfemale>? can't you just leave good things be?
"no, we didn't mean you "
's best friend is moving to nyc today!
"\there's no q in cancelled   \"""""
omg  i'm gonna die of bbc drama over load 
thursday is going to kill me 
wants to own a used book shop 
"so now i want to ask of you how hedge-hogs speak, that’s if they do?"
loves feeling like a total idiot 
hates waking up early to study for stuff but that's what happens when your middle name is procrastination 
wait  wait  what? the show opens thursday? when did that happen?
"you be damned to be one of us, girl, faced with the dodo’s conundrum, i felt like i could just fly, but nothing happened every time i tried "
gets to see her mama tonight! come see the miser tickets are going fast!
ooooh boy 
puppies   what do you do with them? i only understand cats 
mmmm vodka 
"i don't care if this makes me sound like a crazy cat lady, but there is nothing like curling up on a couch with a <propfemale> purring at your feet "
"ponder: if you have sex with a prostitute against her will, is it considered rape or shoplifting?"
yes  the scottish play 
aaaaand the dr  who marathon continues 
is cuddling with doc 
seriously?
is in love with a monkey 
has da cold feets 
feels like she's never gonna catch up 
think i need a <propfemale> ale  that was such an epic fail 
"life's but a walking shadow, a poor player;\that struts and frets his hour upon the stage;\and then is heard no more  it is a tale\told by an idiot, full of sound and fury;\signifying nothing \ — macbeth"""
i do it every time; you're killin' me now; and i won't be denied by you; the animal inside of you!
criminal minds oh how i have missed you! hates not having cable sometimes 
"is on here way back to flippin aiken  dear feast of carols, i hate you "
utp christmas party! hellz yeah!
exam at 8 am  fml  and its freezing!
is keepin it real   stupid 
\but when i took down my defenses;\,36ca1e315a39a9fbd077a3416e829e78,is constantly distracted  humph 
protestors in london attack <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s car?!? hilarious! (only because no one got hurt   but it's still hilarious!)
ugh 
is attempting to cook  everyone watch out  if the house blows up it was the dogs fault!
's cooking was succesful  now to watch some netflix!
loves her roommates but is so over this dog sitting thing 
shine until tomorrow  let it be 
you are testing my <propfemale> son 
"\a little slow-mo in the pacoco \"" <propfirst> m  shipman"""
made it to <propfemale> for christmas  woohoo crazy family time at my sister's massive house!
tis the season to be jolly fa ra rarara ra ra raaaa
is enjoying much needed family time
is on movie watching overload 
is making a mini tardis out of <propmale>  i'm a dork but you will be jealous <propfirst> hallman!
r i p  <propmale> postlethwaite the acting world will miss you 
has a problem 
birds falling dead from the sky? massive amounts of fish just   dead? that's it people  start saying your goodbyes now  the end is nigh 
first day of classes cancelled? lol don't mind i do!
"is going to shoot pandora  if it keeps playing the advert for \no strings attached\"""""
hmmm space heaters are noisy  did not e playful ect this 
misses the office 
why <propfemale>? why? why must you take every british show ever made and turn it into a bad remake?!?!?! (the office not included in this generalization)
mondays  how i hate you 
does not want to pack  ugh 
home  crazy week  good times were had?
is sick  awesome 
as we live a life of ease; every one of us has all we need  sky of blue and sea green; in our yellow submarine  ( haha! )
is a da tipsyyyy!
animals break your heart 
is gonna miss that dog 
"flight of the concords, you make everything better  third weekend in a row with no sleep  awesome "
check yourself before you wreck yourself 
would like to run away now  thank you 
damn class presentations  ugh 
needed an extra day in her weekend 
would really like an ankle made out of bone that didn't ache whenever it felt like it preventing her from sleeping  humph 
ah good ol' aiken 
"you know you're in the south when you drive by people who label their car   \coon catcher\"" yes  i am from south <propfemale> """
why do i always e playful ect the worst? because the worst   always happens 
is stuck waiting around on campus all day just so she can see some spanish movie  which she could watch from the comfort of her home via netflix  damn spanish 
it's a '<propfemale> of the d'urbervilles' kind of day 
and this is why i don't date 
monday already???
had the best dream ever last night!
woah weather forecast 
come on weekend   i hear you calling my name!!!
inception 
