4f5bb879e20f2f1fa5e255f7e112cd37
just created a twitter acct https annoyed  twitter com missi0106
yeah   
think im going to odonalds tonight if anyone is interested  txt me 
"imitation of christ, beauty has a price    what am i listening to???? lol love tht song "
just so everyone knows    my phone sucks real bad and broke so i had to switch back to my old one if everyone could please email me their phone <propfirst> lol would be greatly appreciated 
la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ooh
that's the second time i tripped over a chair in 12 hours lol
"wish i could wear my other running shoes    adidas have too high of an arch for me    but i am still deathly afraid of the poison <propfemale>, lol"
can't wait for my new guitar   yayee
wrk til ten then to the down the hatch with @<propfirst> to see my cousins band play
well i tried to tag him in that post    fail
well    my guitar has not arrived as of now    i think it's safe to assume that it is not coming today     sad  lol
"owww my fingers feel like they're gonna bleed, lol"
i should really start taking photos when i go on exciting adventures    
"went to see paranormal activity last night with <propfemale> sanor   couldn't fall asleep for about five hours    then got scared by a <propmale> e cheese balloon floating on my ceiling this morning   the movie wasn't even that good, just freaked me out a bit, lol    i don't wanna get my ass kicked by a demon "
note to self: do not cough while sitting in the waiting room at a doctors office    they will make you wear a mask and or sit outside   
did anyone else think that sporty spice had a really really really annoying voice????
not looking forward to the next few days    especially friday     makes my stomach turn just thinking about it    
i really really wish there was a dislike button    ughhhhh
game recognizes game
my electric blinked for a split second thanks to this december thunder storm and my xbox got the ring of death     lolol    thankfully when i turned it off and on it was ok    whew   
he who undervalues himself is justly overvalued by others  -<propfirst> hazlitt
"the fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore - <propmale> <propfirst> gogh"
jealousy breeds hate    hate is the fuel of the fire of violence and pain   
what the hell is this whip your hair crap?
omg is tht a backstreet boy!?? lol
o btw happy new year everyone!
third eye blind tonight w  <propfemale> sanor
why are all <propfemale> mcbrides songs soooo sooo sad????
"***those without children    please stop judging people with kids, you have no idea what you are talking about ***  thank you lady at ihop who sat in the booth behind me today for making my blood pressure rise by referring to the children a few tables over from us as \barbarians\"" lol wtf???"""
classy or trashy??  holding your pinky up while drinking a <propmale> light?? lol
so if i didn't get a fortune in my fortune cookie    is that bad luck? lol
"<propfemale> sanor \this reminds me of something    hmmmm   \"""""
fell out the front door and sprained my ankle    great   
"i realized that i \drown\"" my cookies in milk because i wait till the air bubbles stop   """
well     apparently i used everyone elses phones and cameras last night to take pics lol cuz i only have 4 and they are of the same 3 people lol    and <propfemale> sanor's arm
"i go one day with my phone shut off and suddenly everyone texts me    if you happened to text me today, i did not get it   i also think its amusing how my carrier sends me a message letting me know that i got a text but cannot see it due to my phone being turned off lol    wtf   got like fifty of those today   orrrr maybe my carrier is messing with my head   anyway, txt me "
i am totally sucking at picking a halloween costume    ughhhh    ideas????
"\the talk\"" is the dumbest show i have ever seen"""
duck face   
note to self: never trick or treat at the mall again
wow tv makes everything look fun    <propfirst> wants monopoly for christmas
is it possible for there to be a ten minute wait on onion rings at bk?    or did she just wanna get rid of me?? wtf
"i guess i'll play too, not feeling well so this could keep my mind off the flu, ugh  inbox  me ur qs"
wtf toys r us opens at 10pm tomorrow?? what is wrong with people??
"i would really like a t-shirt that says \i survived black friday 2010\"" because i am so very tired and my feet hurt so bad they're numb    so if ya'll can get right on that i'd feel special  lol  thxx"""
"is it just me or is the \user-friendly phone book\"" harder to navigate than the darn yellowpages??"""
happy 7th birthday to my son <propfirst>!!
i love how this girl has her cell with her on 16 n preg lol as she's pushing lolol
they sure don't make oodles n noodles like they used to   
"well    tried to see the total lunar eclipse (for hours)  sad  damn clouds   that's too bad because the last time a total lunar eclipse occurred on the first day of solstice was 372 years ago   will never happen again in our lifetime   on the bright side    at least a werewolf didn't jump out of the woods and get me   i was making enough noise in the snow clomp clomp clomp, lol "
"he puzzled and puzzled till his puzzler was sore   then the grinch thought of something he hadn't before   maybe christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store   maybe christmas    perhaps    means a little bit more!"
"\mama    why you good at juggling    like a clown?\"""""
wow thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!
omg blue mountain state    lololol
