41d2b4f1592363cd812d71e5ae0d5d10
going to spractice soon still sore from weekend
i have a game but i dont know who against    but its at rhs at 5 woooo hoooo
my dad is a shmuck scrrew u dad
tired very tired
going to the movies to see transformers and i want to see my sisters keeper it looks sad i think im gunna cry i shood probably bringa box of tissues
excited for <propfemale> we leave sunday
i still havent packed lol
goin to la then next stop <propfemale> want to get a hold of me  txt me or call
im home yaay
dont wanna go to skule
its hot
going to the movies
glad my back is fixed
got my class ring hope it gets here soon
going to my dads ugh not fun please  txt me so i have someone else to talk to besides him
home at last
i hate conditioning for basketball with a passion
sad an dissipointed
have to work in the am
chilln at <propfemale>'s crib
got my stuff stollen today out of my locker
working tommorrow and have 2 birthdays to go to    i love cake
got caught by the cops last night
wow what a weekend  but now its a new week yes
my grandpa is going to die
peace guys im out to save my grandfather goin to <propfemale> wish me luck talk to u in 10 days txt me
poppop i will love you forever and i will remember all the good times we have shared my you rest in peace
homecoming was so much fun
going to practice ugh
omg going to 6 flags tommorw so freakin scared
i love early outs <propfemale>
going to basketball practice soon send me a message
practice went really well today i got hit in the nose but oh well its part of the game! gunna do my math homework which is so stupid i dont even understand it    then history then a shower and then its time to eat and then sleep i lovve to sleep
first basketball game is on tuesday next week against cabrillo i am so excited!!!
gunna go to school and then go home and do homework       gunna try to call my either my grandma or my aunt i really dont know what she is to me she is the same person but shes to young to be called my grandma so we will call her my <propmale> but she doesnt call me back and im to shy to leave a meessage i know right me to shy ha
home friom <propfemale>'s signing congrats gunna eat and go to practice
made varsity for now whoo hwooo i guess
going to practice be back at 9:40
tgif now its time to party
last night both parties were fun!!!!!!!!!!
yay last day of school!!!!
yay we won our first scrimmage
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
it to early to go to physical thearapy and today is an early out yay
we won our first game 22 to 55
going to bed
won our game 46 to 4
 sad 
stupid finals i hate you
thats bullshit!!!!!!
finals weeeeee    not
spray painted my crutchez there so cool
yes 1 final today sweet
ready for tomorrow lets just get it over
cant wait for a new mri
going to arizona fun fun fun
just hangin out weeee
i cant believe its raining it was so nice yesterday i hope i dont slip on my crutchz again haha (chelsea!!! timmy from southpark)
sometimes i really hate my dad
surgery in 8 days so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its raining and i have crutchez this sucks well if i hurtmyself it will be fixed in surgery in 8 days yay
ewww team pictures blahhh
i had a great bday
won i double overtime baby!!! what now bitchez
lost my voice at the game it sounds really weird but oh well i would cheer on my team any day and lose my voice
yeah siants one baby <propfemale> u lost 10 bucks haha
i hate the new facebook <propfemale> layout
hes halfway gone but on his way
pre op tomorrow yes!
senior night friday!!!! sad 
how come the people you love get sick not just like any cold but actually have  a problem like cancer or even laying on their death bed  crying 
when life gives you bad apples what do u do with them???
<propmale> of hearts baybay text me  smile 
less than 72 hours for surgery
omg now its the waiting process i think im ready
we dont buy no drinks at the bar we pop champagne cuz we got that doe    what is we got that does supposed to mean isnt doe like a baby dear are they trying to call there girl a baby dear?!
ive got to gget my knee moving or else its gunna hurt like a bitch in therapy!!!
going to my dads house tomorrow ughh somewon shoot me  sad 
guess whos back yay nvr doin that again
whitney: who sent me these st patricks day grams me:whos it from let me see  <propfirst>:nooo hahaha me annoyed et me see hahaha whiteney:haha k me: all this is happening while the teacher is teaching in spanish and all this is coming from the grams hahaha)your stubby toe turns me on and my favorite your butt is like a blimp flying over the stadium!!omg histarical ahahahaha i lov3 you <propfirst> that was so damn funny made my day!
forever we will be friends!!!!! u know who u r
ya im so proud of myself today at therapy i walked all the way around the gym with 1 crutch so good what no ms  torn acl and meniscus
sweet 16 tonight yay
spring break baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hanging out with <propfemale> butla and were are doing some things that are just to damn funny
sometimes dad u make me feel like shit
in laguna beach
sometimes i really hate boys
ehhh school tomorrow      rain boots yah        wet with crutch grrr or maybe no crutch which one is it gunna be???? i think no crutch even if mom says crutch
yay school rain friends cant get much better than that oh yah i have a half day today then therapy then a doc appp  4 my knee
just found 50 bucks in my bag where did that come from!!!
haha got done hanging out with <propfirst> and dancing in her driveway then she ran over something in the road and <propfemale> we wont even start with you hahaha
thank god its friday    then therapy then the movies we will see what whappens!!
hahah hanging with <propfirst> started dancing in <propfirst>s room while she calls me a retard and she left the emergency brake onnn hahahahahahahahahah getting girl scout cookies yuuummm
chilln with my homies hot dogs and bologna is that how that song goes j'nay but i'm really hangin with my homies
ewww its sunday i hate sundays they suck
doing english project finaly done!!! i hate homework on weekends
school almost over in 5 th period
some guys can just stick it up their !@#
i dont waant to test today ehhhhhhh!! but ditching 0 to go to lunch wether they say u can leave or not im going
playing wii and losing! haha
i think i shall be putting on my rain boots today the have colorful ddots on them
stupid testing ugh i hate california i hate testing i want to move somewhere it snows
"love is like a carocelle, it makes your heart go round and round "
wizard game and powder puff go juniors
triathalon tomorrow ehh should be fun             nottttttt
burnt ehhhhh ohh well
        member when i walked up to you and you had your hand out so i went for a high five ? but wha'd i get ? somefin better   held hands and walked away happy  smile 
hes coming over so excited havnt seen him forever   he makes me so happy
went swiming now im going to go to bed txt me tomorrow during testing ill be bord
last day of testing yesss
"haha becca: lets play 5 fingers     haha in math me:yah this is hard,,,,i got nothn"
damn i just relized i have biology homework ugghhhhh
some1 got a parking ticket today haha i wonder who that would be
i got my bottle of wiskey in my hand here haha becca
where is my family it 10:20 and nobody is up and usually my mom is the first and im just sitting here on my bed on this thing and im hungry and nobody is here to make me breakfast wtf what do i do
wwwwwwiiiiiiiiiiiillllllllllllllllllllllllldddddddddddddddddddddd pppppppppppppaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrttttttttttttyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!
got asked to prom what do i dooo
im so indecisive
sometimes i dont understand why things happen especially when its about some1 u care about
is it cinco de mayo today haha <propfirst> did u her me say it like  that yesterday fiesta in carrillo's room yay
i am so tired i feel like i have take 2 of my pain pills again
i only have 4 periods today yess
<propfemale> garden yay
omg prom night
happy mothers day to all the moms
i hate doctors app  especially when they hurt
its brittanys fault!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a new hair cut i dont really like it ehhh
<propfirst> sucks at bowling on wii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stupid math project i hate math
<propfirst> is my bff in the whole intire world read it laugh have fun and sing and dance hahaha
<propfirst> do u wish that airplanes in the night sky were liike shooting stars do u really need a wish right now
haha that was so funny <propfirst> were like dancing in the car and then those ppl pull up nxt to us pass us and then start dancing too hahaha good times girl
haha sam;shhh <propfemale> dont tell any1 i was drunk k hahah me k n dont tell any1 that i was drunk too ahahahaha so funnyt when we were right nxt to eachother doing our projects good times
"sometimes friends go through hard times and no matter what they say to u, u need to be there for them no matter how bad it hurts"
happy birthday mom!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you
haha hid <propfemale> pies all over my room from my mom muuuaaaahhhhh hahaha and shes gunna try to find them and not be successfull haha
i got physical physical because i had to get a physical      haha he touched my boob <propfemale> to ear my heart beat!!!!! what a pedphile huh <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahaha
gym time! smile 
i saw too much tonight rylee haha
"cleaning, going to they ymca thennnnnnnnnn im going to the  rave!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
bumed out
alright i guees i will get off my lazy butt and start studying for my math and science final eeeehhhhhhhh
come on celtics ughhh
haha <propfirst> and <propmale> that was so funny how u turned her backpack inside out she was so mad haha
going to pt yay
there u go celtics
schools out(3hours) for summer!!!!!!!!!!!!
yah im free!!! here i come states!!
turn the lights down low and let the dj go until the speakers blow hahah omg so funny today
going shopping but not with <propfemale> haha
i am soooo tirrreeedddd
once again it is quiet tonight in los <propfemale>!! there you go celtics
game time baby let's go celtics
damnit all to hell!!!!
feeling better than last nite  but now i have to go work out what a drag
shes gone now for a week its going to go so slow without her and i miss her already  sad 
wwwwoooooowwww thats a big chapter out of his life that i didnt know about! 16 1 2 years he has kept that secret i wonder what else he is keeping from me
i have so many mixed emotions right now i dont know what to do with it all
omg i just killed this big spider it was like black on  the front and had like a gray butt and then so i tryied to kill it with like this boxs that says happy birthday on it and i was like holding it on top of it for like 3min and i lifted it up to see if it was dead well no it wasnt so i started to screem because it was running at me so     
then i called my bff <propfirst> well she was no help then i put a water jug on and sat on it for like 3min and then it died so now its laying on my carpet and now i dont know what to do with it cuz im not picking that up maybe i should have the cat eat it haha ive only been up for 10min and my dad has been pretty stressful
goodnite <propfirst> haha
going to the doctor tomorrow ughh not what i wanted to do on my vacation
"if u watch for it, it wont happen"
e says im a playa   well she speaks the truth
yay mom is coming hom3 today
tosh 0 is <propfemale> funny hahahah makes me laugh every time
going to my dads i hope i have a good time    im taking one for the team right mom
coming home from magic nmr baby
omg i was cleaning and i saw 2 spiders and each of them came running at me like ninjas ewwww they were so grows and then my moms like be a woman u kill it urself which means she wasn't being a woman and was afraid to kill it herself
playing wii
going to the drive in with alannah the retard and <propfemale> the dumbass
haha had fun tonight with alannah and <propfemale> and angel and <propfirst>!! ahaha we smooshed alannah and <propfemale> hahah i am so lucky that im crippled!!!
i love eating cookie dough out of the fridge when my mmom is gone yumm
alright lets tape my dog to some fireworks haha
fireworks were funn had some big ones that went in the air down the street but a good night with <propmale> and <propfemale> and mom ily u guys back at home i hope u had a good 4th    22 more days
cousins are coming tomorrow so excited should be interesting lol
ehh should i get up at 530 in the morning to go work out?? maybe still thinking about it
this week is going to be crazy with 2 little kids running around my house who decided that they could come and visit haha
way to wake me up guys at 230 in the damn morning now im tired and irritated
my cousins remind me of why i am not having kids!
got a hot date tonite with my bff lol jk
cant even <propfemale> out with friends with out ya blowin up my phone why r u all up in my ear like where am i and when am i coming home
yes my cousins are finally leaving and unfortunatly my dad is coming for a few hours
can you say vagas baby!!!!!
ok im all packed now going to vegas summer is gunna start rollen be back wed  nite
its hot in vegas but fun pool is awsome haha going to see blue man tonight gunna be fun! and tomorrow lunch dates and cirque du soleil txt me!
had a great day! blue man group was so cool loved it ! tomorrow should be great to then  another show then home on wed and then more veca  love 
i miss the bowen family already had such a great time with u guys! im going to miss u!  love 
tomorrow l a  sunday hawaii! (^^^)
just saw my bff# 2 at the story  smile 
"leaving soon to go to hawaii! i will miss u sam,lj, e, <propfemale>, cupcake, rhe, <propfirst> not u <propfemale> mather and not u <propfirst> lopez  wink  txt me  love "
i love maui it's so much fun and it has warm water
happy birthday <propfirst> i hope u had a great day!
couple more days till i see fam in <propfemale>  im pretty confused on why i want to leave maui to go to <propfemale>
he is such a little bitch i hate him god i wish my mother would divorce him
leaving tomorrow so sad yet happy so confused  and fml if i have to go to my dads
sitting in the p a airport plane doesn't leave till 620 im bored! hahah great times with aunt <propfemale> she makes me laugh i love her and is going to miss her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it feels so good to be home yay!!!!!!
i cant wait till i am 18 so i dont have to deal with whats his face
got back from my dads it was just dandy     not but i made him buy me $140 jacket sooo cute!
passed my ankle tape job pretty excited hahah sunshine is amazingly hot
its like were at a wall and there is no way around it or over it
hahah in english today i go <propfemale> u are going to be a porn <propfemale> when u grow up and she goes <propfemale> u are going to be a stripper sliding down the pole  yah i could see myself doing that haha
today i was educated by a great person and this is what she said\basketball\,41d2b4f1592363cd812d71e5ae0d5d10,fml in chemistry
"hanging out with gabby in the atr  having fun while eating poptarts and eating sun chips and some nastty gatorade family is in town oh goody ,,, not i have to give up my room what kind of bs is that huh?? thats y they invented hotels!"
procedure went great hopefully nobody will step on it lol that means u miss   u know who u r miss i dont believe u  yah how was that video i know u liked it hhaha
i loved my presents guys thanks so much!!! its going on my wall!!!!
wow i cant believe he knows how funny the way he just looked out of the corner of his eye! hahaha i couldnt even finish my sentence hahaha   good nite tonight great win guys
"today consists of taking everything out of my room and putting it some place else getting rid of my bed, and buying paint and washing my walls ohh goody"
tonights gunna be a good nitght!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's 3:10 in the morning and i can't sleep! sad 
good workout this morning i  love  <propfemale>
i  love  zach maddison!!!!
wow just bombed my math test that blows!
"new bed is in just got a 37\ screen tv things are going well"""
i dont like the way the new itunes looks
wow english couldnt be anymore boring     talking to <propfemale> about nothing lol good times
um yah norco pills make u tired  weeeeeeee
wow could tomorrow get any worse    u ppl know what im talking about
yes done painting and i did it all  with out <propfemale> demarco reimert so proud of myself
wow i hate the doc
wow knees and life just suck btw thanks <propfirst> for letting me use ur shorts lol
talked to my child today at 440 in the moring today!! yay
we ain't gunna live forever let me show u all te things we could do hahaha so funny today
i dont know what to do should i go see her should i not i havnt seen her in 8 yrs and now u want to have contact with me
the movies were so much fun with everyone it was def a good nite hurry and put those pic up
pj day tomrrow  a chem test that im going to fail  mri on tuesday and the rest of the week is spirt week i love spirti week
oh its to funny talking to <propfirst>
i  love  spirit week
mri was done  it stung pretty bad results tomorrow oh goody
think less do more! haha i think thats how it went or a little less thinking and a lot more drinking haha its all the same huh gabby
r i p  poppop you will be missed forever  love 
talking to <propfirst> about homecoming baby!!!!
"events that happened today in the athletic training room     <propfirst> goes\ where are my spider legs bitch! lol so funny! and a lesson to be \learned is never put biofreeze into your i because it burns like hell \and then u have to have one of ur friends poor water into your eye while\ laying on a cooler   hahaha"
"this is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member \& friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of \those who continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love \someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy & paste  i was proud \to  will you?"
wow fml sometimes i wish you didnt care some other parents in the world  you tell me im not trying when i really am
ummmmm can you say homecoming??? i think everyone can!!!
long night long weekend ahead!!
wow i went to spy glass to night and actors told me to read a paper about masterbation in front of like 20 people    not cool guys
"omg i hit my funny bone and let me tell u, its not so funny"
"i want to go visit my fam from back east it sucks being 3,000 <propmale> away sad "
thank you mr  rucker for giving me a detention today i found it really fun!! not        
"ok so i read this thing and it said once there was a boy who came into \class late wiht no shirt on and the teacher goes where have u been y r u\ late and he goes on top of charyle hill   nxt boy comes in with no \pants on the teacher goes where have u been he goes on top of charyle \hill   few minutes later a girl walks in and shes new to class teacher \asks who are u and she goes charyle hill   hahaha"
"good day at practice today, very pleased with myself and my knee thanks to my bff!"
wow this blowa
had so much fun with <propfirst> today and klanc and lj (shiiittt <propfemale> shit) lol and beating the crap out of <propfirst>
going to bed its been a long day! but on the bright side i am released to play basketball again yay
fml
i love my grandma  love 
i hate my life i dont understand y we cant live somewhere else
i hate being sick but going to toco <propfemale> for my homies and to the hangout for <propfirst> aka bff aka mom lol
i hate practice at 8 who does that
wow im over a football field away from my house and i still get connection thats so cool lol
i  love  my mommy!  smile 
wow urgent care ppl are really helpful espencialy the doc  doc: well it seems u have a really bad cough  thanks captin obvious
purple people eaters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to la to piick up my gma so excited
sitting in white house black market waiting for my mom to get done shopping so i can go look for spandex lol
1st game in 11 months tonight    im so scared but all i can do is try my best
gma+kirsten+mom= pumpkin bread!!!  love 
sittin here with zuchio at pcpa
does anyone have dolan???
2nd game of the season whoop whoop
computer + virus + the square root of 4= sucks ass
hopefully my ankle will get better who knows what will happen
happy cows do not come from california!!!
"you don't make yourself with short cuts  you make yourself with <propfemale>, hard work, and dedication!!!"
"i can feel u all around me, thickening the air im breathing"
ahha moving the car away from <propfemale> was so funny hahaha i love <propfirst>
fml i hate car rides i need a friend with me or an aunt lol
scored 13 points yesterday had two 3 pointers and im not happy about going for 5th place hopefully we can pick it up today!!!
big day today!!!!
"\it's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it \""-j'nay hawthorne"""
made some sweet raps with <propfemale> and <propfirst>! our raps are going platinum with our beats lol! good bus times
just in case you didn't know jersey shore is on tonite!!!
you feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight
scored 13 points robots had 2 assists and had amazing passes to the r girl and i'm so glad i had such a supportive team today to have my back on tape smile 
pickles and captin crunch is on my mind
where's the beach?!
i love my friends!  smile 
thank you everyone for my birthday wishes!i would like to thank my basketball team for making my day great! and my parents and last but not least <propfirst> p  mcintyre and j'nay hawthorne!  smile 
wow the things he says to me unbelievable! way to make me feel good about myself on my birthday and today i just want to curl up in a ball right now and cry  crying 
i have a jumping <propfirst> rabbit oh you should try the furry ferret-today in <propmale> by <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> omg
klancy u need to post those pic of all of us on ur ipod
so a pole when through her pelvic bone and popped out of her vagina~wise words by my <propmale> teacher lol
"my pokemon bring all the nerds to the yard :'d\& they're like \wanna trade cards?\""  smile \",41d2b4f1592363cd812d71e5ae0d5d10,life is a beach and i'm just play'n on the sand
"thank you freshmen,jv,and varsity for cheering me on last night and making me feel comfortable on the court! smile "
going to magic mnt so stoked in sb right now and so far it's been a great ride! we saw a hot guy on the road i now love him! going to be a great day doing karaoke!  smile 
va fan culo!
fml
i need a guy who is going to make me happy and be there for me but right now you just lost your spot so who is up for the challenge?!
i love <propfemale> butla
"any moment everything can change, feel the wind on your shoulder, for a minute all the world can wait, let go of  your yesterday "
its not snowing  sad 
i am so happy that <propfirst> <propfirst> made the volleyball team!!!
all your worries leave them somewhere else
i love the people who keep a smile when they have every right to break down
j'nay hawthorne just visited my house eeeeeppppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
we got a golf cart today!! whoop whoop!! smile 
fuck u dude seriously!
going to get breakfast with my bff <propfirst>
dance the night away live your life away and stay out on the floor
i  love  <propfemale> demarco reimert
really bummed out  sad 
going to college tomorrow eeeeppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do you have vagisil in your doorm room?
"\do you shave your armpits like this or like this\""- by some girl who walked in our dorm"""
girls just wanna party!
i  love  <propfemale>
sometimes i really wonder if we are really best friends
your vagania looks like the inside of a flower~by very smart teacher lol
"went to dinner and a movie with <propfirst>, corbin, and <propfirst> had a great night  sad that kentucky lost  you guys will get them next time"
wow this sucks! it just had to ruin my day crying 
