0c769543c3ccfe8ab6e5ee0cae4fa5cb
is working on a picture - his camera doesn't like his computer 
ignore the goofy picture!
is catching up on two days of homework because of the choir contest!
"it feels like friday today, which means that tomorrow will suck   "
is slacking the night before the act!!
the wildflower one is definitely not like me  atleast the first two sentences 
"has just gotten back from a long weekend at the state tournament, and will probably be very tired for the next few days "
is busy thinking 
is already making plans for the summer - less than 4 weeks to wait!!!
"has too many reasons to go to bed before midnight, but isn't anyways "
was ready for paintball    but now it's been postponed 
has thought of a way to create free energy! too bad we won't be able to use it for 5000 years   
is very tired from 6 nhs hours in one day   
watched iron man and was accepted at ossm!!
got done with my oo at one o'clock - still time enough to sleep!
schools out for summer!!
"will now forever wonder \what if?\"""""
had fun at the cookout at the park!
bike trip!!!
is finally back from the bike trip!
13 hour road trip    ugh   
the street is a river!!!
finally beat the computor stopping him from getting on facebook
is back from falls creek - it was so much fun!
is back from <propmale>! can't wait till next year!
"one week 'till ossm, and i'm only halfway done reading    read like a madman!"
school starts tomorrow    except for me and <propfirst>! ossm already rocks!
ugh! last two episodes of burn notice are after i go to ossm!! noooooo!
1 week real time = 1 month at ossm  i survived my first month of ossm!
figured out how to post via aim!
freedom!
4 weeks of mental hell and all i get is one weekend? sheesh!
in the apple store at okc mall!
home again!
"goodbye, world! see you in 3 weeks!"
new laptop and i get to be home for a week?! this day keeps getting better!!!
is home for the weekend! but only for two days 
is home for christmas break    time to sleeeep 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
it feels like summer but    all of the leaves are off of the trees??
discovered the office on netflix    so far i'm on season 4  i know i need to stop but i can't!!!
flippy hair! (like if it was better)
it feels so wrong to be going home already     but i like it!
look out! it's a banshee!!!
freedom!!!!
"great weather, at home, no homework    best weekend ever!"
apple store ftw!!
"it is early in the morning, he feels tiredness in his eyes from the long day, when suddenly, a thought, a realization! he has not checked facebook since his return! a brisk dash to the keyboard like lightning in the night sky, and all is well "
is totally using tomorrow to visit everybody back at bville!
meh
"guys, girls, i don't know how this happened, it must have snuck up on us    but    prom is in less than a week!!"
is toootaly loving russian techno!!
just found out about epic rap battles of history!!! best ever!
has anyone started a co2013 facebook <propfemale> for our juniors yet? we might want to get that started before orientation day 
there's nothing in the world like a hot shower after a 10 mile run in this heat!!!
anybody know a good place to get some good sunglasses in town?
running biking = good workout  kettlebell class = great workout  kickboxing class = unbelievable workout!!! (i actually broke a sweat!)
"hey, look, facebook blocks your password! ********** see?"
is back from one of the best bike trips ever!!
"\long hair is more comfortable in march\"" - my subconscious"""
"2050!! good for me, anyways!"
the boombox is not a toy!!!
i've been having waaay too much fun this summer - going back is going to be a shock to my system!
i played texas-style ping-pong           it left welts 
21 mile run ftw!
<propmale> trip!!
went to an amazing electric light show!!! for free!
"looking back, i've enjoyed the summer greatly, but i've also missed school in a way    going back will not be so hard, or atleast i have to keep telling myself that "
it's been over a year  time for a new profile pic!
"it feels good to be back! time goes by slowly, but i missed my friends like nothing else! here's to a great year to come at ossm!!"
"random guy at bricktown shouts \party!!\"" to everybody  everybody shouts \""party!\"" back  win """
the shortest distance between two points is always under construction 
oganic chemistry overload in progress 
never forget 
