a6dc6284ae03fa8c37ff3d24ac286027
"happy new year, all!!! phone don't work, so this'll have to do   smile "
here we go
can barely keep eyes open    so much work to do    i'm just plainly beat in every way
"got phone back with all my <propfirst> erased  send me your <propfirst>, cause i can guarentee i pry don't have it now"
"bored, bored, bored  work, work work  tired, tired, tired  repeat   "
"life is done in steps; if you run, you'll miss out "
i feel    incomplete   everything just    agrivates me so much  i don't know    i don't know 
"good day, good break, i'm happy so far!  smile "
"if it doesn't break your heart  it isn't love  if it doesn't break your heart  it's not enough  it's when you're breaking down  with your insides coming out  that's when you find out what your heart is made of  and you haven't lost me yet but  no you haven't lost me yet  i'll sing until my heart caves in  no, you haven't lost me yet  cause you haven't lost me yet"
eh    i don't feel so good    too much bleh to try and keep up with
eh    i feel so foolish right now    i think i might be sick from all this   
"\this is your life; are you who you wanna be?\"""""
"tour friday  excited, but feels rushed right now "
"concert as a whole, pretty great! heck, even got an award! our performance within the concert, well    i'm still kicking myself in the butt for "
i just joined stickam com! come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com holy_follower4
"i now have 4 books i'm working on at once, haha! good job <propfirst>  currently, i got my warriors of christ series, romance novel: kiss the rain, mini-series: <propfemale>, and now a newer one, my graphic novel superhero book: red mage  i'm gonna be busy for a while!"
i wanna know; can you show me? i wanna know about these strangers like me   
"well, home from disney land  and i must say, that was the most amazing two nights of my life!"
"it's been a very busy, very stressful last few days, but i love every moment of it!"
"contacts irritate me    poking my eyes every time just to put them in or take them out    my eyes are red now, lol"
i wept today    because i know all of that was meant for you    and you never got to hear  it   
"i decided today, out of utter randomness and jealousy from my sister thinking of this first, i decided to form my own super hero team  it's based off the teen titans, and is as follows: \\robin nightwing: myself; starfire: tierney baker; beast boy: <propmale> hawley; raven: <propfemale> block; and cyborg: ???  \\the position for cyborg is open, but you need to be somewhat known by the rest of the group  and yes, i'm bored, lol"
why can't you see what i see   
"it's always something else, i swear, lol"
    well that was une playful ected o o
"finally going to go get my senior pics in an hour  and for some reason, i love wearing this tie, lol!"
"just got done with jekyle and hyde auditions today, and i've gotta say,\ i haven't had so much fun in a long time  they were spontaneous, i got \to yell, and i missed seeing all of the <propfemale> bride cast, haha  \looking forward to call backs tomorrow!"
"okay, just got done with first rehearsal, and i must say, that is the most creepy and morbid story i have i ever read    and i absolutely love it! (no spoilers!)\\also, new song in choir with words in it i thought to be absolutely beautiful, but had no clue how to sing  so i looked it up, and to my surprise, there's a rendition from <propmale> groban! holy cow! absolutely beautiful  \\can't wait for choir retreat tomorrow!"
    *sigh* it just isn't the same
any one taking calc? this homework and test are absolutely killing me!
"*step*    *step*       *step*          *step*             *faint*    you never know which step will be your last, so make every one count more than the last  keep your <propfemale> up high when you need to cry, turn the other cheek, pray for those who curse you, and humble yourself in need  live each moment like your last, as if today was your last day "
tonight is gonna be great! now where are those parachute pants   
"haha! thank you all so much! today has been great, and now i say good night till tomorrow, hmhm"
"hey guys, if you got a message from me asking to open a photo link, do not open it  it's opens a link that sent 38 viruses to my computer then sent it forward to everyone else  i apologize for saying this late, it's taken me this long to get online again "
"i know i haven't posted in ages, but hey, i have a life, haha  so, choir concert coming up on march 8th  it's gonna be a really good one this time around, so if anyone is interested, you should come! no money required  also coming up on march 31st, april 1st and 2nd is the opening and closing nights of the musical back to the 80's, which i am also in  more info to come the closer we get!"
"if today was your last day, and tomorrow was too late, what would you do differently?"
"i love the world of acting  you can fall in love, e playful ress enough anger for murder, and even die all in one show  it's a release you really can't  find elsewhere  laugh "
