5f61c3298d06862587bb226735b178dd
la la la   dont know what else to say 
helping little kids find the magic of the theater 
the sun is your friend until it burns you! hurting!
likes tennis just wish i was better at it 
thinks phantom of the opera  has to be the best musical alive 
i can drive! well    if i have a parent or legal gardian with me  thats better than nothing though!
i wish i had more time to read  my books are sad that i havent pick them up in awhile   sad 
im a babysitter for the next two days   i think it might just kill me 
just got home from babysitting   and im tired!
im excited to see the kids in there costumes 
i wish my life was more exciting   but i guess i should be careful what i wish for 
went to the bookstore today and bought some new books   im excited to start reading them 
might be coming back to va within the next week! still not final but i really hope it works out! fingers crossed!  smile 
"my mom, brother, and i might get a flight out monday! i cant wait to see you guys again!!!!!"
im so excited to come home!  smile 
im good! what about you?
"sorry too! thats so cool! i always wanted to do that after my brothers did it, but now im in guam and they dont really do stuff like that here  oh and no! i was always taller!"
will be home in two days! see you guys soon!  smile 
im home!!!!!
i love blue crabs so much!
love my company   smile 
"i have the <propmale> potter puppet pals song stuck in my head, and i really like it "
"lazy couches are the best place to be, especially when you are there with friends like mine "
inkheart was a surprisingly good movie  i want to read the book now 
last night and today were awsome  im going to miss you guys so much when i leave 
time goes by too fast to waste even a minute of it  especially when you have friends as amazing as mine i love you all so much 
had one of the best nights of my life with some of the best people in the world! thank you guys for making some of my last nights here amazing  i love you all and will really miss you 
"helped my mom with the yard sale, then wnet to barnes and <propmale> got some cools books and a new journal  now im at my granny's and im quite happy "
reading does wonders for the soul 
why? why me? i just dont understand! i will miss everyone so much! it was great top see you guys!
"so   i got off the plane,went to straight to the callback, and got the lead! im so happy! its makes coming back alot easier "
"unpacked and cleaned my room today, and now im extremly tired  first day of school tomorrow pray for me "
first day and i have a butt load of homework!  sad 
so    i've been in school for two days and i already found someone who reminds me of rashie and <propfirst>  funyy huh?
my first week of school is over!
my room is fricken hot!!!! im burning up in here 
lots of homework    yay!
finally done with my book report! i can breath again 
so glad its the weekend 
i met we the kings and got asked to go off with them! best night ever  didnt go with them but still really cool!
wonderful weekend full of energy drinks and <propmale> pillow fights 
just finished all my homework for wed  and tomorrow  so i can relax the next couple of days 
haha! yeah! we actually just had a <propmale> snow storm  school was out for a week  lol  well   right now im doing a show and we just opened today  so thats taking up a lot of my time right now  what about you? are you going to do another show?
"yeah, its really fun  i feel like im really doing good job which doesnt happen a lot with me  im sure the lord will help you get in if you just ask him "
why is it that one minute you life is fine and then the next you are extremly confused and feel stupid?
"another \typhoon\"" is coming  wounder if it will really hit us this time?"""
virginians!!!! i miss you guys so mcuh!!!! i cant wait for the summer i get to spend it all with you!  smile 
the last show for little shop of horrors tonight  i'm going to miss <propfemale>    sad 
just worked out and i feel awsome!
i miss all my people from <propfemale>  i hope all you guys are doing well   smile 
stayed home sick today so   my baby came over with mcdonalds to make me feel better  how did i get so lucky?
off to run!  smile 
just finished running and i am so happy with myself 
i miss my baby!!!!!  sad 
been running the past couple of days and feel awsome!  smile 
had a good run today with <propfirst>   smile 
thank goodness it's the weekend!!!!
going to a graduation and a graduation party today   busy busy busy!
i miss him so much!  sad 
dissapointed      sad 
making a the top bunk of a bunk bed stinks!!!!!!
only one week left!   smile 
bored!  sad 
can't wait for next week!
half a day of school tomorrow!!!! yay!!!
this stinks!!!! i hate it!!!!
sunburn hurts!  sad 
my baby comes back in one day!!!!  smile 
i'm so excited!!!!!  love 
my baby's home!!!!!!  love 
in virginia   if you want to <propfemale> out just fb me   smile 
"went to busch gardens today   it has changed a lot  not as good as it used to be, but still fun "
in kentucky for the week 
i am so bored and i have no clue what to do   annoyed 
watched my baby model in a fashion show today! he did so good! im so proud!  smile 
won't be able to sleep tonight  sad 
hmmmm     sad 
get to see my num num today!  smile 
i'm starting to like the way my life is going right now   smile 
i get to sing a duet with my baby for university singers!!!!!  smile 
stevne won his soccer game last night!!!! he did such an amazing job!!!! blocked two one-on-one goals!!!! i'm so proud of him!!!  smile 
"going running with the university singers today   \ i love it!\""    smile """
hmm  does anybody have a funny quote  smile 
