5fbb6b67e3fa2c400b33e5a0f003e851
is 22  geez 
got into the first wreck of my life today but will and i are ok  and the retarded girl who thought she had a turn arrow   about two minutes after it had turned off 
straight no chaser auditions! thursday and friday at 8 at the music annex  get your butts there 
"wants the world to know that if there isn't a man waiting for you at the end of the rainbow, then come to my room  wink "
straight no chaser auditions tonight! at the music annex building at 7 smile 0 
so i have decided to be a baseball fan this year  opening day! one game down only     wait how many more games to go?!?! ok never mind  i quit 
"not my fault, i swear "
shauny's bachelor party  epic 
"is trying to figure out how its possible that my head is on fire, but the rest of my body feels like im laying in ice  oh, and also trying to figure out why tylenol pm doesn't take care of my fever, or let me go to sleep  yay to dying "
still exhausted but my fever finally broke  thank god 
"oh <propfirst> hes a hotshot  hes doing the easy version   easier  hes makin contact, elbow thigh! - ab ripper x jerk "
a-team is awesome  the end 
"dear second session, you suck  sincerely, me "
"wanna know an awesome feeling? looking at your assignments for french, then turning to them in your workbook and seeing that they are already done  score one for me "
is back in the haute  yippy skippy 
"you know that feeling where you're not asleep, but you know you should be? every night "
alright four day week  too bad its the busiest week ever  cool 
french test here i come  oh no   
is rockin the facebook right now 
im making an executive decision  running  sucks 
i wanna quit the gym  everything you have is really heavy!!
its wednesday night  what do you guys wanna do?
"one week of class, moving and homelessness  score "
is unpacked  ish  finally  if anybody wants to chill come over  just text me 
i just realized that i moved closer to taco <propfemale>  i think i will definitely regret this 
"had a little nap, so now i'm awake and full of energy for a big night of    watching tv  oh yeah "
"i don't understand why, but every time its on, i  end up watching undercover brother  its just so awesome "
okay  having a pool is the best thing ever 
you know when you re-e playful erience things from your childhood and they aren't as good as you remember? its good to know that pb&j's arent that way 
"well, my 2 weeks of summer were pretty awesome  the beginning of the end "
"soooo trying to be a good guy is not worth it  and for those who disagree, three punches to the face proves it "
i love the fact that we haven't had to turn on the air conditioning all weekend  such a beautiful weekend 
"seriously, if i miss another turned in assignment because the printing servers are down, im going to kill someone "
need a new year? new career? then uti is the answer  best commercial ever 
abc party  <propmale> drives-amini <propfirst> wye  <propfirst> e  stout   its on 
weeds is amazing 
"okay, clarification for those who might have read this wrong, the tv show weeds, is amazing  again, tv show "
"no rehearsal last night, got out of class at noon with nothing to do but homework  this being a regular college kid is kind of awesome  lookin forward to tonight! go iu!"
first full run through today  so here we go 
"had a great weekend, and now im watchin some <propmale> and waiting for the week to begin "
soooooo happy right now   couldn't be happier   
"dear fortune cookie, i love you "
friday 
being sick officially blows 
"if my sibelius deletes this arrangement one more time, those who are in close proximity should be afraid of flying computers "
the sky tonight is unbelievably beautiful  humanity's insignificance is mind-blowing
bout time that bucket came back
<propfirst> nielsen  the world just lost an amazing actor 
white christmas and lighting project  yeehaw 
goodbye lighting  i hate you 
i had so many dreams last night that i thought that it was saturday when i woke up  turns out it isn't  crap 
i can't really think of a better way to start off christmas break than tonight  smile  bed time 
happy valentines day! i figured since christmas always cuts into other holidays i would knock it down a <propfemale> 
what up snowday 
