0ef962724b63bc2bd35e26d477531eae
just going one day at a time now
installed facebook for windows phone
left 40 mins late for my 3 hour commute this morning  somehow i still made it on time to work
5 large coffees and i'm still going strong since 3 smile 0am!  only 3 5 more hours of work     blaaaaaa
i feel i need to get this off my chest and clear up some things in reguards to <propfemale> and i  me and <propfemale> split up a couple months ago  first i blamed her for everything  after some reflection i realise that it was me that had a problem and i pushed her away 
2 hours of work left but who's counting   
"humph, so much for looking to get off work   "
"day 1, acceptance   "
here comes my friday!!
12 hours till i get home  i might just call it an early day though 
"by by, pdx here i come roseburg"
need more coffee
"after watching what i eat and working out a little for the last 2 weeks, i have lost about 10lbs  i am starting to see my old self again and i like it  gonna have to step up the workout "
"ugh, i hate the first day of my long weeks  it takes forever to end "
"i may have <propfirst> for thanksgiving, his bday and xmas!!! i so excited i can hardly wait to see him again  just need to hammer out a few details and it's a sure thing "
another monday   
it's my friday!!
installed facebook for windows phone
cali failed and didn't legalise it  sad sad day
i've decided to take my life back and i am quiting smoking as of tonight!!!
someones caught my attention oh my!!
slingbox is awesome  i now have tv on my phone and laptop anywhere i have internet lol 
vacation!! starts tomorrow at 5pm lol
things change no matter how much you may our may not want them too   
back from cali    what a long drive
just over 3 weeks without a smoke and going strong
"around and around i go, where i stop nobody knows!!"
i need a bottle of work be gone!!!!
<propfemale> xmas everyone!
???
ahhh!!! i hate sitting at home knowing ups is going to deliver something and having to wait for them because you know they knock once and run   
i got the new droid phone and it's pretty cool so far 
having so much fun with this new phone!!
 afk
back at work again   
it's the weekend   smile 
back at work again   
thank you for the birthday wishes everyone
where's my spring break?
and going and going and going   
i  love  my slingbox  laugh 
friday!!
i hate my car     sad 
$445 into my car so far and it still wont start    fuel pump works though   
woot!! <propfirst>'s cooking diner tonight  <propmale> n cheese with hotdogs 
6 months without a smoke    i still have cravings  just thought i should brag though  cold turkey ftw!!
