faeddf10f546543cd4a7050aaf7b03dd
1 week before school starts! excited but nervous!   ready to achieve my degree!
goin home to watch a movie by myself  sad    so lame!
doing homework  woohoo!
doing homework on a beautiful summer day!   trying to beat the procrastination!
just got done cleanin practically the whole house!   went and bought stuff to make my hubby dinner when he gets home    now off i go to do some more reading!
just got up from a nap    was at school all day n had to take a break!   now off i go to do some homework!
just got done putting roast in the crock pot   now gotta get ready to go to sisnlaws house to spend a lil quality time w two wonderful women!
"gonna do some studyin n off to bed, workin early n for 12hrs 2morrow"
"got called off today, kinda bummed cuz i need the hrs n the money! goin to have lunch w  my beautiful mom n gma     hopefully get some studyin in today"
worked all day and now homework is what i must do!
i need to go to bed! long day 2morrow!    hopefully it will be a good one
just got home!   goin to relax a lil n then go to dinner n grocery shop w my mommy!
taking a break from studyin to unwind a lil n eat a lil somin
i just woke up! how sad is that    oh well was up all night studyin and i'll be back at it soon! i'll try n enjoy a lil of the weekend (weenie roast 2night)     never thought i'd say this but can't wait til monday gets here!
just got done studyin!  nervous about my first test in the morn    just keep tryin to have a positive attitude about it all!
not sure about how idid on my test    i kept second guessing myself!
i passed my first nursing test! wheww!
gotta get ready to go to sociology class n then off to do pre-clinical stuff    hopefully it don't take me all night!
clinical went really well today but had to take a nap when i got home! 0500 is early!    have been studyin but needed to take a break!    it's gonna be a long weekend of studyin n work!
goodmorning!   another day of studyin!yay!   i should  probly do a lil housework so i don't have to hear my husband's mouth!
going to bed!
got called off today   guess it gives me more time to study
"just got doing some studying! a lil more nervous about this test tomorrow, just so much info!   goin to bed to dream about studyin!"
survived yet another test in nursing! determined to do better in the future    i guess passing n survivng is what counts but i know i can n will do better!  smile 
"gettin ready to eat some dinner n watch me some grey's   probly should be doin other things but , no excuse     i'm just addicted!"
woke up n felt that my cold went down to my chest! sucks bein sick!
going to the dr in about an hour for my chest cold    hopefully nothing that can't be fixed by a prescript   
thank you everyone for your prayers and advice   it must be workin cuz i'm felling better but just tired from the meds doc put me on    just had some some fluid n congestion in my ears n chest w a lil bronchitis    i'm breathing better so thats a good sign    anyways i'm soing alot of studyin today n about to start week six of nursing! going by so fast!
headed off to weak 6 of nursing class n then sociology    wanted to stay in bed but knew i had to learn somin today instead! still sick but feelin a lil better just still really tired!
home finally from a long day of learning!   now homework time!
done with doing homework   i haven't went to bed yet and am already thinking about how i don't want to get up in the morning!  but why waste a good day of learning? it's good for the brain!
gonna try to get an assignment done before bed    took a two hour nap on accident! n not much happened after that! don't have to wake up early though  smile 
gettin ready to go to sociology for an hour n then coming home to do more studyin n prepare for monday's test! probly should do some wifely duties as well!
just got home from clinicals n had to take my doggies outside in this crap!   doin some laundry n gotta put my head in those books again    got an important test on monday bright n early!
getting ready for work!  hopefully all goes well while i'm there 
gettin ready to make chili for me n my hunny    more laundry to do    more studyin to do n then a couple movies for the night    life is great right now!
just another day of studyin for nursing test tomorrow! i  think i'm learning n it's sticking but i guess i'll know tomorrow!
"another week(7) of nursing begins! test at eight n class til 2, pharmacology assignment n then rest!"
feel like i did pretty good on my test smile  we will see    just got home from doing some grocery shoppin w my mum n ate dinner at sullys:? now time for alil pharmacology n then watchin trauma n then it'll be rest time!
another day of class n lab   hope it goes by fast cuz i'm not in the mood plus it's icky out!
gettin ready n then off to socio class    have to go do my preclinical workup so it will probly be a long night!
"had a bad day, hopefully it doesn't turn into a bed week or weekend! aww the joys of being a rn student!"
off to another day of clinical! hope it's a better day!
"had a good day at clinicals, did very well if i do say so    doing homework n watchin grey's tonight! have a (mandatory) seminar tomorrow all day for class, hope it goes by fast!"
"just sittin here w some of my fav fellow nursing students! missing a few though! lookin over im injections, testing out today! i got it in the bag!"
start of week 9 of nursing! just got done taking an exam!
just got a facial n now my biotch is fixn me dinner!(yum) oh n then greys!
well today will be full of reading n studyin for oxygenation related to the cardio system!fun-fun! then tomorrow starts a wonderful week of fluid n electrolytes (help!)
goiong to do some grocery shoppping w my mom    wish i had more money to buy lots of new clothes!
just finishing up stuff for clinical tomorrow!   probly start reading a little on cardio!
"just had a fun-filled day of studyin for nursing test 2morrow! soooooo much info,,, all i want to do is pass this one just cuz it's such a challenge! so ready for bed but gotta stay up to register at midnight so i can secure the spot i want 4 next semester!"
well i made it through the day thank god! hoping i did well enough on the test to keep my avg up! test out on catheters 2morrow! going to bed to make up for last night! see all u nursing buddies bright n early in the morn!
didn't do as well as i wanted on my test  sad  but my avg is still up!    test out on caths went perfect (i'm a pro!)    long day ahead of me    class then off to hospital to workup on patient and then a long night of paperwork and reading! and up in the morning bright n early at 5am for clinical!
"today is going to be a good day! a lil laundry, a lil homework, movie n pizza at moms n then a weekend of homework n hubby! i might have to go take a couple shots also after this long week!lol"
"tired n cranky! have had a headache for 3 days straight n it's becoming annoying! presentation in class 2morrow, prepare for another the following week, library to study, lab, n then home to my hubby! goin 2 bed early 2night!"
night or realxing and studying    ooohh n i get to sleep in a lil longer 2morrow!
"god bless all veterans, former and active  a prayer for the day when all of our veterans can leave peaceful lives without warfare "
going to get ready for the day    maybe do a lil grocery shoppin   a lil laundry n definitely some study time!
just watchin a few flicks tonight w my hubby    tomorrow is a full day of readin n studyin!
just got done refreeshing myself(i know a lil late in the day)     gonna go get somin to eat n then more reading if my poor lil brain can take it!
just got home from doin some much needed grocery shoppin   mostly togo food but thats what u need when ur never home!
just got home from doin some much needed grocery shoppin   mostly togo food but thats what u need when ur never home!    going to relax 2night since my wonderful loving hubby cleaned the bathroom n did the dishes before i got home! love him he's such a good man!
"feeling like poop! hope it's not a bug    did awesome on my test though, best grade yet! gonna relax n finish my presentation thats due tomorrow  sad "
all the presentations went great this morning!   now it's reading time over nursing material   gotta prepare a paper n presentation for sociology due monday   bummed i have to work at 6am 2morrow morn sad 
just woke up a lilbit ago    went out for dinner for <propfemale>'s birthday n then decided to go out to relax n wind down and it got a lil crazy (i was doing <propfirst> <propmale> moves out on the dance floor!lol!)    had sooo much fun (thanks girls ineeded it!)   goin on a date tonight w my hubby for a more calm night!
"wwnt to dinner at sully's n then went bowling lastnight ( dont ever go bowling in gburg not worth the money they charge, what a rip off!)    laundry n homework all day! 3wks left in the semester, totally ready for winter break!"
i need to stop being a procrastinator and get my stuff done! tryin to put my paper together that's due at 1130pm tonight!
going to go pick up some lunch for me n  the hubby n then it's study time!
2 more days of class left with 1 presentation to go n then finals!!! ready for break cuz i'll need it before next semester!   wheww!
classes are over!   now i just have to pass finals and it will be a relaxing winter break!  i wish this nasty weather would go away so i can go out of town shopping soon!
last final for nursing class tomorrow morning    im p[raying that i make it through okay
"one semester down , 3 to go!    passed all finals w good grades    n passed socio w an a & nursing w a b    now break time! woo-hoo!"
took the christmas tree down!   now i need to clean atleast 2 or 3 rooms!
seriously need to go to bed!   goin shopping in peoria if weather permits  in the morn w my momma!
keep getting called off work! how am i  supposed to pay for gas!ughh!   not even a week left of break so i guess i can use this time to prepare!
at mom's house atleast til saturday   we drove to peoria today n back    sooooo much fun! gotta love those semidrivers! only three days left of break n then it's back to the college!
preparing myself for tomorrow! i'm pretty sure i'm ready to go n get it over with! it just means one step closer to achieving my goals! (staying optimistic!)
"spending my weekend studying, cleaning, and cuddlin w my hubby!"
been trying to study for my nursing test! lord help me tomorrow!
well that test hopefully went well    we will see when grades post!
"passed my nursing test,,didn't get what i wanted but i passed! ready for round 2!"
cleaned n did laundry today   now gonna relax n goin to watch movies w the hubby n fix him a wonderful spaghetti dinner!   gotta suck up n turn on the charm to get my way about some things i want done to the house ;p
doin a whole bunch of nothin tonight! finally!
doin some laundry n cleaning    then i would like to go buy somin to wear out tonight but doubt i find anything! date night w hubby!
goinn to a babyshower (it's gonna give me the babybug again!)   thenhome to clean for an hour or so n then a night of studyin for the nursing test tomorrow morning!
"so i passed my nursing test! didn't do so hot on a&p though,,,i will only allow one bad test grade a semester so im giving myself a kick in the ass this early on already! good 5th week so far!"
hopin they cancel my evening class!
want to be home snuggling w my hubby
"on week six of nursing & anp, so far so good     the next three weeks are gonna be hectic! i'm just praying i get through okay!"
only 3 tests to go til spring break    oh lord please get me through this!
"so not gonna be a fun weekend, lots of studyin to do!"
"taking quick break from studyiing    pray for me to get through this week, it's crunchtime at midterm!"
"got up today at 6 am to brush up a lil before nursing test at 8am, hope it helps"
"ok well i i didnt do so great on my nursing test,,,  i did pass but didnt get what i e playful ected,,  waiting on my a&p grade and looks like spring break isnt gonna be a break at all!  i am more determined than ever now!"
ok well break is going by too fast n i haven't accomplished anything    trying to balance things out n it doesn't seem to be working  other than that i'm fabulous!
"so i've been in college for awhile now, and recently i feel like sometimes i'm in high school again     anyways week 9 is almost over n i think it went by pretty well so far, positive thinking does wonders!"
"so gald it's the weekend!,, however its gonna be cold so i guess i'm studyin!"
so bummd the weekend is over!    week 10 is gonna be interesting and busy!
"ok so this week totally threw me off with everything!,,, started my pig dissection in a&p n it wasn't too bad!"
thankful for everyone and everyting that i have in my life!
spending the day planning my so called kitchen remodel w the hubby      we will see how far we get without agreeing! then maybe a movie tonight 
"pray for me fb   nursing test over cardiac diseases and fluid&lytes , <propfemale> much info n so lil of a test   this will make me or brake me!"
"taking another test in 1 5 hrs in a&p,,, hope i can get through this!,,, then a full night of study guide workup which i really would like not to do on such a gorgeous day!"
"ok didnt do so hot on nursing test n dont feel good about a&p   oh well what can u do ,,, keep trucking"
"well work really suckd today!    a night of whatev, probly prepare for monday,, saturday is cleaning, kitchen remodeling in progress and i might surprise my hubby w my first home cookd easter meal!"
week??? of nursing   it's gettin down to the nitty-gritty   please lord help me get through this semester without regret and tears!
got called off of work again for the 3rd time this week (20 hrs worth)! they only need me when i'm not available!   just hanging out w my momma for awhile eatin pizza n playin wii oh n lil homework on the side!
4 more weeks of nursing and a&p!  sooo excited but yet sooooo stressd! i gotta make it thru this!
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh, that you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down, who is your world , and a man that you thank god every night for, copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date:6-28-2008"
"ok so i love my hubby n the fact i'm getting a new kitchen, however trying not to hurt my husband during the process is a lil difficult!"
just tryin to roll w the punches!
"study, study, study n prepare for my presentation tomorrow    glad its a nasty day out!"
"even tho it was a nasty day out,, i didnt get what i wanted accomplished! ahhh!"
"all i have left is finals on may 10th!  tryin to <propfemale> in there, & never given up!"
can't sleep!    i miss my hubby!
well nursing classes are over with! final on monday!
i've actually accepted that i'm coming down with a cold! always happens at the wrong time!
"well, i didn't make it through first year  =*{   i suck at life right now! however god does not put you thru something you can't handle or get thru, with strength it's the choice of whether you want to or not   so i am going to get thru & move on with my head up becuz tried and will try again! as for now i am thankful 4 everything & everyone i have in my life right now, without i couldn't make it through some days "
getting some of my countertop installed by two wonderful men! thanks hubby & daddy!
"well i did pass a&p 2 so i guess thats good    applying to the lpn & rn program this week, hopefully i can pick up where i left off n get to working    going to enjoy my hubby being around before he starts his new job cuz he will probly never be around!"
trying to plan a bachelorette party n bridal shower      i love planning   it's something i'm actually great at n do not get graded on!
going down to moms later to make a blanket n eat some laroma's pizza!
workin 7a-3p tomorrow n i can't sleep!   i want to sleep in !
"going to spend some time w mom tonight, dinner n im letting her watch idol tonight just cuz i love her!"
spending some much needed time w my hubby just hanging out     cleaning tonight n work at 7a tomorrow!yay!
"planning on going to relay for life <propfemale> sale @ 7am n then to the farmers market to get dome fresh veggies n fruit, hope i find something at both places!"
not doin much tonight but some cleaning a lil    going to cities tomorrow to do some shoppin w the hubby so hopefully that goes well n i bring home some things!
"didnt get anything at gordmans except a food chopper and socks, woot woot!"
"we r going to <propfirst> <propfemale> mcgee's  house for dinner,,, can't wait to catch up and see the kids!"
"it was my hubby's first day of work @ <propfirst> deere! so proud of him! awaiting his arrival home, dinner will be ready and the house is clean! thankful for everything great in our life!"
"got into lpn program,,,, yes it is a step back from where i once was at, however, it will get me to where i want to be n what i want to do on a different level, but i will never stop working toward my rn!"
tomorrow is my birthday n have a full day planned! might have to get a few drinks later in the night!
"thank you everyone for my birthday wishes, it was a laid back day with people i love!"
"spending quality time w my hubby tonight n tomorrow, ive been missing him since he started his new job n havent had any real time with him! he works <propfemale> hard for us n i greatly appreciate him, love him <propfemale> much!"
missing my hubby!  only get to see him 20 mins a day thru the week  sad   i'm so happy we get a 3day weekend together!
happy 4th everyone! spending time with the fam for awhile n some more quality time w my hubby!
haven't been on here for awhile!   summer is going by fast n <propfemale> much has happened already!  goin to chicago in a few weeks   i can't wait to see my family!  ready to get classes started up again!
"i'm <propfemale> tired n cranky but i can't sleep!  working 3rd shift for a few days really screwd up my schedule, i hope i get back to normal <propfemale>n! ( well as normal as i can get!)"
today went by fast!  the weekend is full of family and starting my exercise plan to get back where i need to be!
"went & walked lake story with mom today! all them damn hills! but i felt better afterwards! now spendin time with the hubby, love him <propfemale> much!"
goin to peoria tomorrow with my momma!  hopefully i will find somin to buy!
"sittin here bored, enough to go mow the yard! i need to find a hobby!"
ready to spend some time with my wonderful momma tomorrow! i miss her!  i love her!
"had an awesome time celebrating <propfemale> & blaze's wedding with friends & family! good times, good memories!"
"first night of lab & class! woohoo, this should be interesting!"
"had dinner with the family tonight, always nice to get together!"
getting ready to take first test of the year!!!!
did extremely well on my test! woot-woot!
had a good day with family today!  workin early tomorrow! & a long week of school is coming!
"work,study,work, study,work ,study, class, tests, class, work, study, study! that is my sched for at least 2 weeks straight if not more, oh n sleep a lil, eat when i remember, poop when i can, say hi to my hubby a few times, make the dogs happy n keep my house looking halfway decent! i'm tired thinkin bout it! it will be worth it in the end, well it better be!"
"my\ mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me \succeed, seen me fail, cheered me on, kept me going strong and drove me \crazzzzzzy!! moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend \forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether she's \here with you, or in heaven  i love you mom!!! ???"
hhhhmmmmm        loving my life right now!
- positive thinking brings positive results 
"two pics below are free 3m,1f sm terrier mix w dachund, not to get over 10-15 lbs <propmale>, lady i know get all kinds of dogs dropped off on hghway by her house n takes care of them until she finds a good home for em,,, also has adults of diff kinds available, let me know n i can give u her number! please save a life!"
going to miss all my besties this weekend! have fun ladies! be safe! love you all!
"going to sleep! house hunting tomorrow with lucus and my parents   god please let us find a good home with a decent price tag we can work with!  love my hubby <propfemale> much, class is going great, couldn't ask for more right now! feeling blessed and loved!"
