27d8baee985c06dd5b4650fd0a88f4a4
got his warped tour ticket in the mail today : ) such an amazing line up this year 
wow shitty week to be famous 
blew up his circuit  sad 
is an idiot and got his ear <propmale> stuck in his ear at the gym  but trying to fish it out with finger only made it go in further!  sad 
warped tour : )
bought 4 pink <propmale> albums on vinyl
"poker  no <propfirst> + no <propfirst> + \the bank\"" <propfirst> = fair"""
is sick of cashiers that can't follow math a 2nd grader could do 
mlia has stolen hours from my life 
"i was watching a show last night on the science channel called \superhuman\"" and it was on giants  i'm glad to know i could join up with the  justice league """
just heard what sounds like a <propmale> cat killing a possum like 40 feet outside my window
is it december yet???
fml
how did i get sick??
bills  lol
hates physics labs
"looks forward to the day when, like the matrix, knowledge is not learned, but downloaded "
happy blasphemy day!
hates lab reports 
thank you all for the birthday wishes 
"i should have been like <propmale> and drop statics, rather than dif eq"
has been at school for over 12 hours  sad 
's car quit at a stop light and won't start 
can someone give me a ride into school tomorrow?
wish's <propfemale> would leave him alone
i better get a good grade on my physic's test after the <propfemale> points i earned on the way home  old people shouldn't drive 
i wish i knew more about pspice because these circuits are killing me 
loves watching these shows on the supernatural  where do they find these idiots?
lots of snow and no abs  i'm going to die tomorrow 
longest yet most eventful 4 hour shift i've ever worked
last day of classes  smile 
hates finals week
"holy shit    what is going on in this town, kids keep dying   "
bought a snuggie 
3 22 gpa this semester  smile 
cannot figure out how to do the <propfirst> series in c++ using only a do{} while loop!
procrastination makes it so hard to study for calc 
"lock me up for not taking your orders, but don't lock me up for not leaving my home  -state radio"
"seriously ub? either there is a gun or there isn't, pick one!"
you ain't no weeble wobble!
"apparently asking you to leave because the building is now closed is too much to ask for, so they just turn the lights off and e playful ect you to leave "
stop turning the lights off on me! is it really too much to ask to be notified when the building is closed for the night?
happy pi day
is going to philly 
hates physics
how can science majors not believe in evolution?
damn you ieee radio  work or don't work  pick one so fixing you will be easier!
need to get this programming assignment done  then enjoying a wonderful 7-8 hour drive to philly for the weekend
glad to be home where all the homeless people leave me alone 
all-nighters are the worst 
"dear boston, suck it "
are finals over yet??
iron man ii in the imax  tonight  smile 
why won't murphy leave me alone? car broke down again  sad 
"\this is not my car!!!!!\"""""
"dear ieee people, can we please figure out what we're doing with the crap we salvaged before we hoard on to more shit?"
"this is <propfemale>, no one cares about the world cup "
"hey <propfemale>, look what they're doing to me  trying to trip me up, trying to wear me down "
i know i've done a good job scarring my mother when she screams so loud her voice cracks
school for 4 straight hours of dif eq
gotta love ac
"dr  mahmood, stop adding hw problems whenever you get bored, this thing is already 10 pages long!"
"i have been parking in the furnas lot almost every day since the end of the semester, and now i get a ticket, wth!?!"
off to school to study  hopefully i'll be home before 1am for a change  -_-
"i've found the reason why all you can eat pancakes at <propfirst>'s is only $4, the waitress disappears as soon as she give you your plate! damn you <propfemale>, this is twice now!"
"dr  mahmood, i think it's only fair that you post our first exam scores before we take the second   just sayin' "
7 hours watching the dr  who marathon was time well spent 
"pulled over twice, still no ticket  smile "
shark week is overrated
last day of differential equations   smile 
fml
b+ in diff eq  smile 
there's not much more terrifying than designing a circuit that's pulling 20a of current as you stand inches away hoping it doesn't e playful lode   
"fixing an xbox wasn't as bad as i thought  now if apple made it, it'd take me days to fix   i really hate <propmale> jobs "
"if monday ever had a look and feel to it, this is it "
"dear ub, instead of building an ee building, maybe you should make some more parking spaces first  it took my 15 minutes just to find a spot today!!!"
"idk what i'm doing at night to give me these weird dreams, but after 5 nights straight i wish they'd go away!"
"just spent $150 on circuit frabritation tools, thus the reason why i have to work durring semesters "
how is it possible that a light push (only hard enough to overcome the static friction) is enough to shatter a beer bottle in my face? but naturally as soon as i wipe off the foam from my mouth everyone needs to make a stop at the store  fml
leave it to my group of friends and i to take a joking idea and turn it into a visible project that we're actually going to build 
working til 2 then getting a suit and either going to school or grand island to study with <propfirst>
i find it weird that a plumber told me i could pee in the office's sink    i think i'll walk to a different building first    
shartopus party at <propfemale> hall's apartment was well  worth the drive and loss in studying time 
tf2 is consuming my life
i really need new tires  1 flat and 1 on the way
"studying at ub, and trying my best not to play tf2"
   this is going to be a long night 
just hit a deer   where are all the hunters when you need them?
"sister's wedding with my parents to basically be their \retarded son that they bring everywhere with them\""    maybe i'll wear a helmet too  ps sorry <propfemale> i meant \""special\"" son """
thank you apple for accepting apps that ruin my gpa
thank you daylight savings time for giving me an extra hour to study
why can i not find an effing quiet place to study on this campus!?
"helping to set up, then 12 nonstop hours of gaming "
a <propfemale> party and a wow party are not the same thing!
"http annoyed  blog makezine com ledcolororgan-schem_r2 gif probably the simplist circuit i've ever seen, but yet the voltage follower, inverter, and band pass filters are all giving me problems  wtf"
i hate snow  i hate not having abs more    
"why do the ceilings have to be so thin in fronczak  every ten seconds i hear a marble hit the floor, it's like chinese water torture!"
"i'm so glad i drove all the way up to school to teach this pspice workshop, only to have no one show up    is this was professors feel like with their office hours?"
"sometimes the ub list serves get hacked and result in awsomeness, this is one of those nights    good luck finding diablo "
"i sent a text message to <propfirst> apholz  saying that i was dying, but i put his number in wrong  i then get a text, followed by 3 calls from that number  i should probably reply before she calls the cops to have them search for me    cecilia <propmale> would never do that "
why do seasons of <propmale> have to be so short?
"the bible's wrong  hell isn't fire, it's freezing cold!"
all i can hope for is a massive curve on this final     all i need is a b in microelectronic circuits
ub for the day
"with a nose bleed this aggressive, surely it must be a brain tumor "
"b in microelectronic circuits and devices, which means my gpa is finally over a 3 0!"
"after 13 stores down main and then transit, every one has altoids, altoid minis, and gum but not effing altoids gum!"
thanks for changing the locks on the door to the office to a keypad   sure would have been nice to give someone the code to get in though 
i hate resumes
why does my car always break down?
"dear sparkfun, can you please get servers that can handle all of this traffic for free day?"
