b76bd6df3d5e195257693f42c798e6d8
happy new year!
i love being off on fridays!  wahoo!
just got back from our annual nteu christmas party   it was a big sucess!
i really need to get my behind in gear and bake some sugar cookies 
im so excited for christmas!! cant even wait for my kids to open their gifts!
getting ready to brave the cold and head down to christmas village to look at the lights  i'm thinking hot cocoa is a must!
"on my way with <propmale> to see the orthodontist   this is the first, of two, appointments to get his braces   wish him luck!"
his appointment was cake!  all they did was make molds (impressions) of his mouth   next week he gets his braces put on   oddly enough - he is really excited about it 
off to the pool we go!  i love to swim!
todays the big day!  <propmale> gets his braces! he's way excited to get them on     hopefully he'll still be excited in a few hours (after he has them) 
almost packed   heading to dc for the week (work) but am glad i have awesome friends coming with me!  yay!
i got the day off   i'm a happy girl!  life is good 
going to see 'twi-lite: i was a teenage vampire' at the desert <propfemale> theater this afternoon with the family!  it should be lots of fun!
it's friday!  yahoo!!!!
ugh!!! the new face book sucks!
i've cleaned and aired out the entire house as well as spraying the whole place down with lysol   i'm hoping the kids all feel better tomorrow!  i hate it when they're sick!  breaks my heart!
just got back from balboa park - it was absolutely beautiful!  disneyland tomorrow!
raindrops keep falling on my head   
tonys baseball team made it to the playoffs!  go bears!
tonys team won! 6 to 4! go bears!
good morning! good morning! good morning!  its time to rise and shine!
sunday   grocery shopping and yard work   perfect   =0)
i have lots of blackberry bush starts i'm getting rid of   if you want some let me know   they are delicious but they have vicious thorns 
<propfirst> has a baseball game tomorrow (monday) at 5 @ fort bueneventura   go bears!
theres nothing like a glass of red wine (cabernet sauvignon tonight) and olives to end the day  very nice     wink 
yasterday we built four 5x5 raised gardens in the back yard   today we are gonna fill them with dirt! tomorrow   veggies!
"the delivery man from lowes said our delivery weighed in at 6000 lbs   thats over 2 tons of dirt, cow poop and bricks   i dont think i will be able to mo"
ve tomorrow   calgon! take me away!
i love two times tuesday from dominos!  yummy!
having fridays off rules!
hooray for friday!
slumber party! thursday 6-8pm @ my house   text or call if you need the address!  see you then!
<propfirst> is making steak fajitas for dinner   i love that my kids cook!
yeah saturday!  my favorite day!
"set a goal to start jogging a couple times a week   went for the first time this morning with my new puppy and jogging <propmale>, <propfemale> (she is super cute and has lots of energy)   we only ran for about 10 minutes - hopefully we'll get better over time   ;0)"
"what are you doing saturday morning?  come help <propfirst> granato, democratic senate candidate, campaign at the parade in taylorsville! we'll be walking around passing out flyers   it will be fun! i'll be there - you should too!  let me know if you're interested and i'll send you the details!"
day 2 of the jogging e playful eriment   jogged for 10 minutes   after walking in the parade yesterday and jogging today - i'm not sure i'll be able to walk tomorrow   ouch!
"bad news   my jogging pal just got back from the vet   she has a bad case of kennel cough so she's on antibiotics and out of commission as far as running goes for the next 10 - 14 days  i guess i'll have to talk <propfirst> into running with me for a bit    =0)   oh yeah, for those of you who were wondering - i was able to walk today   wink "
today was my last day as chapter president   next week i start my new job as a labor relations specialist   wow!  kinda crazy!
the kids and i are going to see eclipse today!  i'm excited!
<propfemale> just told me the bag of pumpkin seeds are really good   hmmm   we dont have any pumpkin seeds so i ask her what she's talking about and she points to the bag of small dog treats i just bought for the new puppy!  hahahahahah!  still laughing!
those new puppy treats (you know - the ones my daughter thinks are delicious) are working!  taught the dog to sit today - what a smart cookie   the scooby snacks aka pumpkin seeds work wonders!
both dogs have taken all of their antibiotics (kennel cough) however it seems like they are more sick than when they started   this is no good   i'm hoping the vet is open today   =0(
"<propfirst> and i spent our first anniversary at mesa verde national park in colorado  it was absolutely beautiful!  no phone, no tv, just peace and quite = fabulous!"
ugh!  my air conditioner has gone on strike and is refusing to blow cold air!  no good!  no good at all!
ahhhh   cold air!  love it!
wahoo!  its friday!!
went on a hike this morning   it was sooooo nice!
have you watched the sitcom: arrested development?  thats some funny shi   stuff    wink 
yummy! betos!
hooray for saturday!!
off to the farmers market!  hoping to find some eggplant since my puppy ate all of the ones out of my garden   dang dog!
"the farmers market was great!  if you haven't been - you should go!  saturdays from 8 surprise 0 - 1 surprise 0 on 25th street @ the municipal gardens   fresh locally grown fruits and veggies, food vendors and arts and crafts booths    very cool!"
my husband says he'll stop playing his video game in just a minute    he says its a promise'ish   yeah right! what the hell is a promise'ish???
men and their addiction to video games   i just dont get it   =o)
watching chick flicks with my baby girl (well - she's not really a baby anymore but she'll always be my baby!)
why oh why do people think its okay to wear brown slacks with a black shirt?  its not!
ugh   monday   need i say more?
"you are my sunshine   my only sunshine   \you make me happy   when skies are gray   "
waffles with strawberries and whip cream!  mmmm  mmmm  good!
it's two times tuesday at dominos pizza!  i love tuesdays!
just saw the cutest free kittens at smiths on 12th and <propmale>   it was hard not to take one home!
yeah saturday!!
"1 in every 10 people is gay  that means 1 in every 10 people is put down, given bad labels, bullied, isolated, put in a minority & so much more   many gay teens are turning to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better & you respect them for who they are, copy & paste this  most of you won't, but let's see the 5% who will "
dang it!  i did not win the lottery   again!
booo! stuck at a train! =o(
today's the day!  vote!  =0)
love listening to ludacris - red light district while im working 
off to the dentist   ugh!
"god, give me the strength to deal with this hormonal, preteen girl of mine   help me to remember she is still the sweet daughter i once knew and that in a couple of years - she'll turn back into that sweet girl  also, gagging her and putting her in a corner until she outgrows this stage would be considered a crime so   just help me to be patient and get through it!    amen "
my belly sure does love indian food! yummy!
i splurged and bought a red <propfemale> cake at costco this afternoon! its delicious! yummy!
my baby girl is sick today   looks like it will be a stay at home and watch cartoons kind of day 
i hate trains   
its warmed up to a cozy 18 degrees   its still too damn cold! brrrr!
mmmmm   watermellon jolly ranchers are delicious! =o)
just got home with our christmas tree   its perfect and it smells fabulous!
"anyone seen a snowplow this morning?  heck   has anyone seen the road this morning?  from my window, there's no difference between the yard and the road - its all covered in white "
"waiting in line to see the principal   just like old times  =o(  \two thumbs way down!"
i am so tired today   im in the waiting room at the doctors office listening to elevator music trying to keep my eyes open   music   not   helping   snore   
listening to christmas music while wrapping presents   love it!
"okay, okay   i admit i might have gone a little overboard on christmas this year    but only a bit!  =0)"
my super cool sister got us both massages! she just went back   i go in after she's done   so excited!
monday    ugh!
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas!
a three day workweek and then a long christmas break!  wahoo!!
"at work, on hold for 40 mins waiting for the it help desk  my computer says a fatal error occured  no computer = no work  its a monday! boo!"
good news! the it guy showed up and said he could fix the computer   he started the 4 hour fix   guess it wasnt fatal afterall!  =o)
presents are all wapped! its a christmas miracle! =o)
<propfemale> christmas! may your day be filled with laughter and love!
"we shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do  \~ mother <propfemale>"
just went and saw the new narnia movie in 3d with the family   it was really good!
"after 12 years of good work, my washer died  boo! bought a new washer this afternoon - will be here sat   hope its as good and lasts as long as the last one "
the last day of 2010!  make it a good one!
"i spend more at the dentist office than i spend anywhere else  and i dont leave with anything shiny and sparkly, i just leave just poor  two thumbs down!"
my daughter is giving me a pedicure! she's the best daughter ever! loving it!
swimming wore me out!  i'm a tired girl! yawn   
hand sanitizer + paper cuts = ouch!
"you have brains in your head  you have feet in your shoes  you can steer yourself, any direction you choose \~ dr  seuss"
its friday!! wahoo!!
"the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing \~walt disney"
"i have decided to stick with love  hate is too great a burden to bear  \~ <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>, jr "
"today you are you, that is truer than true  there is no one alive who is youer than you \-- dr  seuss"
i love the smell of freshly brewed coffee in the morning!  mmmmm mmmmm good!
"football, football, football   all day    football   rooting for the jets and the packers!"
time for a nacho run!
7-11 nachos are not as good as i remember them being   =o(
wahoo!!  go packers!!
"whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right \~ <propfirst> ford"
brought my lunch but decided macho nachos (although very unhealthy) sounded much better! yummy!
ugh   i feel really fat today! blah!
swimming = a very tired girl 
just got an awesome pedicure from my daughter! she rocks!
"love is an irresistible <propfemale> to be irresistibly <propfemale>d \~ <propfirst> frost"
ugh! what a looooooong day at work!
i hate it when i forget where i park and walk out the wrong door! dang it!
"i put steel-cut oats in a crock-pot and let cook overnight   i woke up to creamy, yet firm, oatmeal   added strawberries and blackberries, it's delicious!  the (new) breakfast of champs!  (the old breakfast of champs was cheesecake - i might have to rotate!)"
"heartburn, you mindless thug, you are not my friend! go away!"
"my son tells me he cant go to school because he's contagious  when i ask what he'd be infecting people with, he responds with: a serious case of awesomeness "
wednesday!  the halfway <propfirst> of the workweek!  finally!
what a beautiful day!
"with time, us middle aged women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our bodies  so we aren't heavy, we are enormously cultured, educated & happy  beginning today, when i look in the mirror i will think - good grief, look how smart i am, i must be a genius!!  i read this on a friends <propfemale> and had to steal it "
ahhhhh   the kids are all tucked in and im snuggled up next to my guy watching mad men  life is good  =o)
pedicure or no pedicure    ?
"a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song   ~ <propfemale> angelou"
"sitting at the orthodontist with <propmale>  poor kid, they're going to put a temporary implant (post) into his jaw to use as an anchor  ouch!"
"<propfemale>, my friend, thanks for the sobe green tea! you rock!"
banana
ugh! i forgot how much i hate wearing nylons  getting a tan just got bumped up on my priority list!
"taco tuesday, here i come!"
"if you cant roll down your car window, dont go through the drive through! duh!"
"yummy!  my breakfast this morning, oatmeal with strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and walnuts, taste more like dessert than breakfast   mmmm, mmmm, good!"
tough love   that's what my son tells me   ;0)
off to work i go   yeehaw 
ugh! im sick and grouchy today  two thumbs way down!
"to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment \~ <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
stuck in a plane at the airport while maintenance checks it out  didnt make it through take off  =o( 
the brakes on the plane have to be replaced  will take about an hour  no other available planes so   hanging out  good times  ;o)
<propfemale> keeps thanking me for my <propfemale>  i dont have any left to give! i just want to get to my destination! ugh!
finally made it to nashville! cross your fingers my luggage made it as well!
fyi   breakfast food from wendys is not a good thing   way too much grease this early in the morning  two thumbs way down!
have i mentioned how much i love the weekends!  two thumbs way up!
cursed alarm clock! it cant alreay be time to get up! how did the morning get here so quickly? seems like i just shut my eyes 
it's friday!  yahoo!
taking my son to get his learners permit in the morning   i cant believe my baby will be driving!  wow!
anyone in need of a chauffeur?  my son needs to log 40 hours of driving time   and he just really wants to drive   everywhere!  =0)
oh man! i forgot to bring my ipod to work! boo! two thumbs down!
"\sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths \""-- etty hillesum"""
hooray for friday!  laugh 
survived my sons first driving lesson in my car (<propmale> transmission)  im hoping the clutch and tires survived - something was burning 
my kids are awesome!  =0)
lowes is giving away free trees today for earth day! run down and grab one! on my way to get mine now!
monday?! already!?! ugh!
"\the hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn \"" ~ <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"went to the doctor yesterday   everything looks good   <propfirst> is weighing in at 4-4 6 lbs (he's a big boy!)   couldn't get a length on him, he didn't want to cooperate   he is currently breech but the doctor thinks he'll turn by the next visit   getting very excited to meet this little guy!"
three cheers for taco tuesday! hooray!
my son turned 16 today! wow! its hard to believe its already been 16 years  time goes by so fast 
\always do right  this will gratify some people and astonish\,b76bd6df3d5e195257693f42c798e6d8,"it's been a rough weekend - both of my grandmas passed away   my mom's mom, <propfemale>, passed away friday night and my dad's mom, <propfemale> <propfemale>, passed away last night   glad they are both out of pain but miss them already "
