25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce
i'm so sick of english at the moment   
i no likey my computadora   sad  no can chat!!
omg! i'm married!
can't wait till school's over    too bad it just started
i like cheese    and dinner rolls
waiting to stop procrastinating rewriting my english essay    it sucks  sad 
love powerline    so glad i didn't rip my pants again!
i  love  naps!!!
can't wait for  someday  when i'll actually be able to sleep in   
yay!!! finally get to start english! at 1 surprise 0   1:14   in the morning    yay              and i'm not done with other stuff yet!!! grr 
"facebook e playful eriment - if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragragh on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you"
hey!!! i have a moustache!    and moustache doesn't look spelled right   
had the best weekend of my life!!! love all you tec #59'ers!
"got to pull out my first tooth ever!!!!!!! apparently i did good, cuz <propmale> didn't feel a thing  wooo!"
when it gets really cold they're gonna invent a snuggy jacket  with mittens attached  but that wouldn't be so bad right now  i'm freezing my hand off cuz this mouse is cold 
"i love my new picture    don't you, <propmale>??? too bad it doesn't show the story   "
loves that her lovely sister gave her a kitten for christmas!!!!
<propfemale> sopoci is    a dork!
apparently i love you <propmale>! i'm pretty sure i love my <propfemale> a little bit more though   
"i love you, pepper-ica <propfemale>!!!"
"team <propmale> sound-off!!! p s  i love you, <propmale>!"
tomorrow  tomorrow i'm not texting  i'm not going on facebook  i will do absolutely nothing  leave me alone to veg!!!
hopes she never has to stay up this late again!!!
i love the word random   
i had lunch with my brother in a hole because i'm sexy and i do what i want 
my mother has been watching too many gieco commercials    and now listening to too much all american rejects    real world is better!
"<propfirst>, i hope you enjoy the great big hamster wheel in the sky  i love you "
"i really enjoy superbowl parties    complete with baseball and <propfemale> pong, snacks, scavenger hunts, and crazy pugs     smile "
"i just found my birthday cake toppers from when i turned 10  yay, powerpuff girls mirrors!"
"and suddenly, it isn't what it used to be, and after all this time, it worked out just fine, and suddenly, i am where i'm supposed to be, and after all the tears, i was supposed to be here   "
"i think i'm going insane with all these fan <propfemale> posts    as soon as i'm done with my icky english essay, i plan on deleting them all  all of them!!!    i really wish i knew how to make an evil face on here   "
"does anybody know how to mass delete \become a fan\"" groups?! anybody?!?!?!"""
i'm so proud of myself!!! figured out how to get rid of all the fan pages faster  it's now a ratio of 3 groups to 1 malea    as opposed to 197 groups   
watching all 4 leprechaun movies with <propfemale> sopoci     it's my lucky day    x(
is thinking about going outside and running around like a manaic    i think i'll do it
"curse you, aqua scum!!!"
i always wondered why life had to be so hard    it's probably because the things we gain are worth so much more than we ever imagined   
"i love making powerpoints involving canadians!!! thank you, <propfemale> houts!"
"if you are what you eat, then i am lots of fried chicken  man i taste good!!!"
take    a subway footlong  cut it in half  put the two halves side by side  and picture it covered with ants  so much so that you can't see the sandwich  and then imagine all the sandwich-gone  leaving just the ants  i saw that last night on a walk    grossest thing i've ever seen   
"on the way back to sioux city tonight, i was looking out the window    and i noticed that everything seemed kinda small    like what a person with perfect vision would see when they tried on my glasses    so i'm thinking to myself    maybe i have spider powers and i don't need my glasses any more!!! good thing i wasn't that excited cuz i took off my glasses    only to find that everything was blurry again  sad "
isn't excited for school tomorrow     playful 
"dear god,  thank you for thunderstorms  they light up the night  they bring late night rain so we don't have to deal with umbrellas during the day  and they make people that love you smile   enjoy your bowling  smile "
really! hopes she doesn't have that bad dream   
can't help but wonder if this is really the way things are supposed to go    it sucks  sad 
"i  love  finding nemo!!!!!!!!!!!!  fish are friends, not food!  and stuff"
"really likes watching shrek 3     by how did you recieve the wedgies, when you are clearly not a wearer of the underpants?"
is sooo glad she didn't have another whipeout day   
"a nerd saved my life!  smile  i  love  you, my beautiful nerd!"
is not excited to do her chem homework!!!
 smile  feels loved  love 
"sweeny <propmale> rocks my socks! at least it would, if i were wearing socks    p s - i think that we should rename all red black teeter totters  we can call them sweeny <propmale>-ers!!! wow    malea + bag of chips = bananas! sort of "
you say life isn't fair? i say we change that 
????????????   ??????????
"is a bad advice giver, but likes trying"
is ready to take the vegetarian challenge
i just realized i've been taking quizzes on a dating site    at least they were fun!
i think that facebook is only changing because we don't want it to    those evil people!!!
"can't decide whether she should run, or cheer for the race for the cure    what do you think???"
new awakening + willet + malea hill = best night ever!!!
"dodgeball is a sport of violence, exclusion, and degradation "
is married  smile   and i feel like a stalker    that is not alright!!!
"scared like crazy for tomorrow    life moves on, the river still flows, the sun still shines, and i still think, and now i must do it "
gah! i wanted to change my name    but the evil people denied it! and now i have to wait two more weeks to try again    fail! x(
"i run to please myself  i run for the freedom it gives me, for the release of memories that stab me in the gut   "
i'm sure i can wait for summer    because there's so much i want to happen between now and then   
"gnimocemoh, how i love you so     love  day, how you flew by    life, how you've improved  a lot!"
"lost my phone    again    way to go, malea!!!"
my <propfemale>'s been gone for three days now    i miss her!
weirdest dream ever   
"i don't drink, smoke, or chew, or go with guys that do!"
6 days and counting    i can't give up yet!
"i love you, <propfemale> hultz!!!"
"what's a weekend without lots of dirt, right?"
"goodbye, my almost lover, goodbye, my hopeless dream   "
dame lo te quiero!
"consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute  \\-<propmale> annaeus seneca"
"consult your friend on all things, especially on those which respect yourself  his counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgment  \\<propmale> annaeus seneca"
had a weird yet amazing weekend    ready to go back next year!!!
"\i hate men that do that! they're so retarded!\""\",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,finally     smile  this makes    two times? ever?
"pretty greenness    so wild but so tame, so <propfirst> and amazing  smile \congrats <propfemale>!!!"
"you're it, you're the ultimate you  smile "
   my dog likes the taste of my feet    eww!!!
"way to go, malea  5 stitches in the <propfemale>! your clumsiness has clearly outdone itself this time "
stupid headache > sad  no me gusta!!!
"oh, you  smile  you make me happy!"
doesn't like cleaning    stupid messy room! x(
"if i had you, that would be the only thing i'd ever need, if i had you, the money fame and fortune never could compete, if i had you, life would be a party it'd be ecstacy, if i had you    y-y-y-y-y-you   \if anybody is as stuck on going to the concert on thursday as i am, i wanna know about it!!! now!!!"
<propfirst> and <propfemale>    i shall fail to see your shining faces on thursday  i am deeply sorry  maybe next time you won't play at a casino!    stupidheads 
"\hi!\"" *hangs up phone* \",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,"\weinahs! i got hot weinahs! get your own row  i got weinahs here  have a weinah!"""
wondering if i should feel like an aunt all over again   ?
go topless!!!
to that person who's amazingly awesome-you're amazingly awesome!!!
i'm gonna take these broken wings    and learn to fly
"i am in love with the mcdonalds girl, she is an angel in a polyester uniform  laugh "
"if you need to fall apart, i can mend a broken heart, if you need to crash then crash and burn, you're not alone   "
"loves hanging out with torrey brown and aliyah lopez!!! music, swimming, and noodles!!!"
has officially lost her keys    again 
likes being done with school!!!
went down a road    passed steuben street    saw a train (steuben train!) turned around    passed steuben street again    went a ways    got to the crossroads just as the train started (steuben train! again!) went back    passed steuben street again    and of course there was another train dropping cars    my mother needs to stop attracting stalker trains!
"had the weirdest dream ever    it was like a very potter musical! starring odd dude with bow and arrow, who knows why; <propmale> patinson, for being in remember me; <propfirst> lautner, for working with <propmale>; <propfirst> habeger, for being my hyper <propmale> that i can trust with horcruxes; <propfirst> kukuk, for having really sharp teeth; and <propfirst> hogan, for being amazing! and apparently able to dream-drive a stick shift!"
in omaha!!! squished more bugs on my way down than all other times combined  i squished at least two lightning bugs  you can tell cuz their guts glow   
"i love you, even if you let me down  i love you in spite of your failures "
"swim, bowl, tv, computer, sleep, repeat    i like it  smile "
"life is only as good as you let it be, so let yourself go and do something that is worthwhile to you!"
"you know how many authors have described that feeling of longing? the one where hunger for the thing you want is so strong even the people around you can feel the intensity of your stare? i have now e playful erienced such a strong, uncontained feeling  wow    intense   "
"two people with dead phones lost in omaha? what fun!!! actually, it was pretty fun   "
"i find you stunning but, you are running me down, my love's too big for you, my love   "
"saturday in the park    as a first-timer, i must say, i'm impressed  i like seeing so many people i know in one place! maybe an even more awesome band next year? looking forward to it! \love, malea  smile "
"loves love! the good kind, anyway "
"note to those that don't know: vb does not mean veggie burger  it means value basket  got that, gram?!"
feels stupid for checking the mail earlier    on da fourf of juhly 
i don't like the people in other places that get bonus tracks when i don't!!! fail! have you ever thought that you could just give everyone the same cd?
"some day, i just keep pretending, that you'll stay, dreaming of a different ending, i wanna hold on, but it hurts so bad, and i can't keep something, that i never had   "
"love is a beautiful thing\that brings together people of every generation\love can heal the pain of a broken world\it's got to start with us\and all it takes is love"
"i've got flaws, i've got faults\keep searching for your perfect heart\it doesn't matter who you are\we all have our scars   "
"and though i can't understand why this happened\i know that i will when i look back someday\and see how you've brought beauty from ashes\and made me as gold purified through these flames"
misses camp!!!  sad  but he's everywhere    so i should be able to hold on a little longer  smile 
"<propfemale> hawkins dance, in my khaki pants, there's nothin better, oh, oh, oh!"
wow  i only lost the game twice last week   
"tec!!! where do i begin? amazing team, amazing people, amazing memories    amazing cut on hand    amazing love, amazing god!!!"
"christianity isn't a religion, it's a lifestyle "
what's next? i think i can fit a little more on my plate 
the goal tonight: dance until my feet hurt  mission accomplished!!!    anyone wanna give me a foot rub?   
why do i feel the obligation to mention the fact that we got out early because of our third power outage in two days?
will never stop loathing english  never!!!
and that's what happens when i wear a t shirt and capri sweats!!!  laugh  this week = what the heck?! amazing!!!
"i've decided that my birthday does absolutely nothing for me except enhance my creative ways to be clumsy  stairs, beaker, heels, spagetti, pop    well then  good thing i have another 364 days till the next one!!!"
"\wow    my peas are all wrinkly   \"" -malea's awkward brain"""
"poor ladies    <propfirst> collins, <propfemale> hultquist, aliyah lopez    as soon as i dropped <propfemale> off, magic came on the radio  not cool!!!"
has her first niece    she's so adorable!!!
"what will people think\when they hear that i'm a jesus freak?\what will people do when they find that it's true?\i don't really care if they label me a jesus freak\there ain't no disguising the truth"
knows a lovely lady without a homecoming date    anyone wanna take her?
"oh my goodness    bed, i love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lets spend more quality time together, okay?"
for those of you that didn't understand    i have three homecoming dates!!! i have a friend that needs a date!
"\uh \"" -emili schultz"""
note to people: phineas and ferb-themed birthday parties are way better than fred: the movie  the end 
i love mckayla
"\i am <propmale> bartolini!\"""""
"where's the \easy\"" button for life?!"""
gotsted a cam-e-ra yesterday    yay!!!    what to take pictures of?   
still can't believe lady antebellum is two boys and a girl    so odd   
has just made herself a delicious triple stacker jelly toast sandwich  yum!!!
i like it in my room 
"liked steel magnolias, and the people in it, very much!!! and, she had an amazing time at applebee's as well  smile  you people are amazing!!!"
"\come here \"" \""mmrararar!!!\"" \""okay \"""""
just made butter  real butter                               cool!!!
im a total dork if you agree press like now
"i lovers me my carmenita  smile  you are very brave, my friend    very brave indeed  smile  way to hold on until the very end!"
doesn't like doing splits on the wall anymore    it caused her a bruised booty!  playful 
uber tired    gonna power nap for <propfemale> puntillo's party tonight!!!
"my mother will probably think this is weird  cuz she always thinks i'm weird  regardless, i still feel like eating raw pumpkin guts  not because they look appetizing, or even that i like them at all, they're just    really    slimy "
"\the llama song\""     laugh  \",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,new phone    need <propfirst>    text me!!!
someone please send me ringtones! i'm going insane!!! d:
in-box only: tell me something you have always wanted to tell me  and i'll keep it between us  put this as your status and see what you get  smile 
"\he is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose \""\",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,"dear world, \please stop crumbling  thanks!\love, malea "
"ohmygoodness  i don't like being sick all thanksgiving break  blech  \that is all "
"i like 50 degree weather in november    \   \   \ laugh     yesssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"if your world's falling, you're not alone\someone else is singin' the same song\don't lose hope, believe in yourself\ you'll get along"
national be a creeper day manana!!!
dance girlies!!!    and dudes too    great job!!! we totally dominated at state!!! love you all!  love 
t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t    t   
poof!
"jesus first\others second\yourself last"
madrigal = amazing! i personally think the jester did a very good job   
what we wouldn't give to know the secrets of the world   
uber excited for the party tonight!!!!!!!!
"homework, you suck  go away  now "
it's official  my mom has cabin fever 
is watching the lunar eclipse tonight!!!
"<propfemale> christmas, world!!!!!!!"
i  love  <propfemale> caeleigh puntillo  oh!!! and mom 
"it's been there, it's done that, but it's okay  it's red c:"
i had an absolutely amazing time with <propfemale> plowman and <propfemale> houts today!!! can't wait to have a possible planning day for <propfemale> goldsby at applebee's soon!
<propfirst> lustytush!!!
if my heart could teach my lips to speak   
spring show tomorrow and saturday! come support your west high dancers!
"still another spring show tomorrow, 7-10 smile 0ish at west high! come!!!"
i just saw a ladybug and an ant    holy crap it's springtime!!!
"is it sad that i just now, a month and some days later, finished my caramel apple from <propfirst>'s day?"
"after all this has passed, i still will remain\after i've cried my last, there'll be beauty from pain\though it won't be today, someday i'll hope again\and there'll be beauty from pain\you will bring beauty from my pain"
"my longing heart\your love, oh lord, can fill\you always have, always will"
do you ever wonder if the people you recognize    recognize you?
malea has lost her phone    again 
"it looks fun    might as well try it  playful  like and i will answer\1  how we met annoyed 2  your name in my phone annoyed 3  have i ever liked you annoyed 4  who are you to me annoyed 5  what i like best about you annoyed 6  what i dislike about you annoyed 7  favorite memory of us annoyed 9  my first impression of you annoyed 9  how close we are annoyed 10  do i challenge you to put this as a status?"
"accumulative hatred     \living in fear     \and when the bitterness is over     \another victim reappears    "
may the fourth be with you  playful   playful   playful 
"i'm passing along the idea to honor our mothers by including them in our profile pictures and keeping it until monday may 9  so change your profile picture to a picture of your mother (or you & your mother)  if you like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb!"
"hey, guess what! \you were just hacked by your seventh wife!\love you smile "
"you've been hacked by your 7th wife  love, chika-ah"
haiti in    basically 5ish days? looking forward to it!!! all prayers would be greatly appreciated  smile 
i have decided    i hate the distributive property 
ask me what i think about haiti!
oh my goodness  who's got two thumbs and finished her english assignment on time? this girl!!!
watching twister    thinking about how i had a conversation with laurens <propfirst> mourik about that cheesy cow?? yep  pretty cheesy 
"my phone's not working!  sad  so whoever i woke up to 9 text messages from           \sorry  playful "
i'm beautiful  joyful  i know that cuz god made me in his image  laugh 
i love no-makeup mondays!  laugh  even if it's tuesday now  playful 
dog + skunk = smelly house  playful 
"to all who wished me a happy birthday, thank you!!!  laugh  you guys make me all warm and fuzzy inside  joyful "
senior sunrise tomorrow!!!
i  love  nap english!!!
"my doggy's so smart! hurray gizmo, for catching two flies while acting like a cat  wink "
"\nooo!!! the two things you guys agree on  annoyed  i feel like oreo creme filling \""\",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,i  love  cedar point 
"\my feet didn't feel like feet when i wore heels  all i felt was     pain \""\",25c13590f314836ffbd0b146eb3b7bce,gerfun jenkins es el mas mejor! and thee most amazing awesome  just saying 
