dfb86db3b6b38d3ecceb6457811d7f28
happy year thats new to everyone that i know
michigan is boring
blah
again i say blah!
im hungry  sad 
yay im going to get my product!!!! aka food  smile  yay winco as i skate there in the rain   
rayne <propfemale> is the shit! sleepy-time now 
rain!!!
school time
obama has declared swine flu a national emergency!!! thats deep man     very heavy  sad 
its a <propfemale> <propfemale> world     time for school  joyful 
yum yum food is yum
school time fixing hp laptop
sell rhythms like dimes    electromagnetic clock stops all logic    hold your heart when you brag    you might lose yourself if you dont     word up
bedtime
school time
yo
lalalalala
was good post up west side fed way keepin it real tight yea yea ya heard feel me      no idea what i just said
meow
skating in the cold isn't to bad actually
math final today yay its going to be easy lol
one more final to go economics i am doomed to fail lol
just woke up from a deep sleep  time to eat some cereal yo
sweet love    
working today
"no relief from this blue <propfemale>, love is a race now, know your face from this blue memory, put a smile on my face and ill stop wasting away "
ladida haha blah
"distanced from other interests, not easily offended, very discouraged these days cause its to late    time to try again"
its a monday and im off what to do? hmmm     
gonna go kick it with some affiliates of mine    do some business    a lil some thing     remember stay off drugs kids  playful 
<propfemale> christmas!
sleepy these days idk why i am so sleepy these  days      repeating      
mafia style strap it up
"suspicious in the night, vivid and timid, the lights flicker with delight, waiting for the bulbs to burst, the assassin will come swiftly, but death does not follow, if you use what you have learned       mace  playful "
sucka fool! thats who i be son!  playful 
yay for work
im in love with myself    selfish right lol
sleepy as always
sleep time
watch them move in a material pattern    i think thats a cult  playful 
bored
bed time
fireball beast wheels! going on my hellcat as we speak lol epic for dry day 2morrow 
stuntin while im ill sick on gravity thick with formalities     hi my name is <propfirst> whats your zodiac sign?
pickle
i know the truth  playful 
school time
la di da blah blah i work today yay! so excited       anyways day was blah and i kicked it with dayah kun and her mom lol     very exciting  playful 
flowers are lovely this time of year
junk and sleep
"get it together weather trying to skate fed way secret gnar today, its foggyish     got to write 6 <propfemale> paper today    poo - -"
mr gibbs meet mr knife   for the last time
sun
yay for work woot
"fallen under a spell recovery not an option body sore working out again hurts    work today sigh but my tareas done and dj kewlaid isnt to shabby, thanks to kiet for the suggestion since i already everything else musical well not really but it feels that way     2 500gb drives full "
school! woot excited       internally sad
going to poop and then to poop after lol add in school and work for poop
<propfemale> mail stuff is fun
new board i'm dubbing it papa price  smile !
my new deck rides nice but it needs tweaking
"new board is madness on all levels i love it, pre drift ready "
"running down the street on fire, papa price sick deck, work today yummy clam chowder"
sick i am almost birthday when i'm become a douche and clean my friends list of all the undesireables      could be you
sick sick sick
sickness pls go away geography boring!
sickness go away
still sick
dieing i just know it
sleepy
can't wait for b day so i can be a douche
film study gay
<propfemale> days working out and skating i'm going to be overly skinny again  sad 
clam chowder day!
be <propfemale> already!
need to think on life
"it's a grey day, it's a race for the sun today "
blah blah blah
i thrive in grape juice city
skate in rain 2morrow
bored
yawn
poop is on my mind
for this day i shall feel young until another day
i ran over my finger owee!!!!!!! well it looks nasty but lucky i dont feel much pain  annoyed 
poop
poop
children fighting is funny but then they try to bring me into to it and someone gets hurt  sad  i feel bad for teenagers
blah blah blah
stupid 10mm bearings    
lalala
so i figured out how to fix the windows 7 7600 version activation       and im not telling hahaha
blah blah blah
"to all who have my phone number     for my phone has died and to assure its passing i threw it into the pits of mordor for be it the only way to destroy such evil     so don't f***ing call or text me now that you know this  new phone on the way tho should be 6 days or so, a certain couple is going to i da ho    e so hopefully they wont think i left the state     good news i left two days ago     suckers"
super good skate today now i cant move
"great day besides the damn rain, race was good lots of e playful erienced gained   except for the rain which is ultimate poo!!"
la di da
gay day fing annoyed right now im kicking everyone figuratively speaking
new phone woot
poop\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
poop on stick bored as mushroom\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
work is poo hella hungry too\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
<propfemale> merring-something new is a great song cant wait for her digital release
abducted again!
blah
work is poop
life is a puzzle im to lazy to solve so      im a go to sleep then
la di da da
fml torry lazy fuck get up i want my phone
"annoyed at how everyone is lazy  stupid <propfemale>, im going to canada"
road rash on my back not too bad tho     what am i saying its horrible doctor!!
interesting day today but were all alive and it was a good day anyways
rain rain go away come again another day\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
poo its foggy  time for bed  nite nite -_-
new yellow otangs roll like butter and super speedy   me like    
interesting first day so far lots of old but new faces at highline lots of memories   o well
almost got hit by a car today but i dare say it was worth it cause i was going way fast haha
school sucks     period
astronomy is horrible                horrible!!!!!!!!! im freaking screaming and you cant hear me      good progress
i happy alone
astronomy yay      
poop
i think due to facebook i have been neglecting this crap website 
done with finals
poop
on\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
watchin home alone while im home alone  playful \\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
just bought jeans for $10 hit up that pacsun sale yo
i got the shakes i took to much jet im shaking at work\\n annoyed  si  annoyed 
first time i lost my lunch since the 6th grade i got flu i think
working 7 to 2 today this feels foreign to me 0 o
boom!
boom
trying to track down my games 0 o proving to be difficult
two days of the same breakfast im on a roll
