524a49840328ed9ab78d03bf2f82ab6e
goodbye vacation  sad  it's been fun and i'll miss you desperately 
work is lame   
"time for my annual facebook update! see ya'll in a year, lol!"
thought today was tuesday but it's not!!!!! feel like i won the lottery!
where's my weekend?!?!?
ugh   work is boring 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick "
is happy to report that the bathroom has been scrubbed   day over!!!!
vegas!!!!!! i'm desperately in need of my vacation 
yay for fridays!!! heading to the beach to take my niece to the zoo   
 sad  sick   big thank you shout out to my family  playful 
"i wish i could just fast forward the next 24 hours   except the project runway part, of course   smile  yay for <propfemale> day!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
moviefest 09 w  my <propfemale>  smile 
"i think enough time has passed   let the weekend countdown begin!!! just three more days, just three more days   "
five hours and thirty-three minutes to go!!! i'm sooo ready to hibernate for the next two days 
"woke up at 7 smile 0 and said, \no way \"" went back to sleep and didn't get up till 10 smile 0   if only every day was saturday   smile """
"gratz, mr  prez!"
"and, happy friday to all!"
fully enjoying the upside to the subjugation and genocide of an indigenous population
"should have gone with my gut instinct and ditched work today   having an allergic reaction to something at my desk to the point where i had to take one contact out, can't concentrate and my soup sucks! booooo!!!"
twenty-nine minutes and 40 seconds to go   
decided against the reunion   no hard feelings folks but i'm just too lazy to drive there  it's looking like it's gonna be scary movie and caramel apple night with <propfemale> instead 
"from <propfemale>'s friend kim: for everyone who prefers the former fb layout    there is an easy fix    on the menu at the top left, click on more, then drag status updates to the top, above news feed  after dragging to the top, click on it     that becomes your default and home is like before "
"happpppy friday! 3 hours, 55 mins to go!"
and this is why i could never live in va   
wants to go home and enjoy the storm   
oc people   anyone home for the holiday and wanna <propfemale> out sometime this weekend (or over xmas)? esp those of you i haven't seen in years- i still have reunion-ditching guilt
this has been the day from hell  what do i have to do to get someone to just put me out of my misery?
"tonight, i got to have chipotle and watch lost and tomorrow i get to sleep in   ahhhhh  smile "
had a fantastic snow day but not lookin forward to digging my car out tomorrow  it's in a 3ft drift and we're still getting snow 
burned 1181 calories shoveling 334 cubic ft of snow for two very long hours  now i'm off to have two cups of hot chocolate and at least 10 marshmallows while watching something stupid on tv   smile 
fed govt is closed!!! yay for snow days!
happy early new year to all  i'm hella sick and goin to bed  drink and make out for me
"ok, everyone, let's cross our fingers for enough snow in the dc area tonight to afford a two-hour delay tomorrow  what's up with all these weekend whiteouts? no good at all!"
i got hacked  sad  pls ignore the ad you got from me
yay for snow days!
ok   so i'm not really a <propfirst> fan but how the hell did <propmale> manage to buy another week after the mess that he made on the runway? that was unbelievable
hoping that i'll wake up and it will be friday   
"hurray for the weekend!  now i just have to clean house,  get some groceries, cook for the week, try to get some exercise   or, plop my ass down on the couch?  annoyed "
"happy friday everybody!!!!!! it's about time, huh?"
plopped down a security deposit on my new place! yay for livin on my own!
had really good day  smile  hope everyone had a nice weekend!
i heart <propfemale> white
my annual meeting is over!!! to all of those who i've been ignoring- i'm so sorry   sad  stand by for answers to your emails 
all settled in at my new place   only two boxes to go and then i'm allowed to hit the pool!!!!
thanks for all the well wishes!!! it's been a great birthday!  smile 
hotttttttt  sad 
bored!!!
finally got my cable internet back after two full days without! i was this close to catatonia but everything is now right in my world   smile 
hellooooo weekend!!!  smile 
happy today!!!! had a great night last night and am heading to the beach for a long weekend and lots of time with my doodlebug!  smile 
gleeeeeeeee!
"oh, sunday   i miss you already "
"is same-gender loving and there are 7 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9ohwui "
"is same-gender loving and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9ohwui "
"is same-gender loving and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9ohwui "
should've played hooky today   
ahh facebook  just got a friend request from a woman who worked with my mom 15+ yrs ago who i probably met 4 times   when i was about 12  now i'm forced into being rude b c i never liked her in the first place and can't bring myself to confirm her  wtf
"obligatory voting reminder: don't be a tool, voting is   awesome!"
swf iso someone to rip out my spine cause i herniated my disc   for the second time in six months   sad 
vacation!!!!!!!
cold  sad 
"kittens, adorable  lunch with <propfemale> and <propfemale>, great  oatmeal chocolate chip cookie from potbelly's, delicious  black swan, incredible  chinese for dinner, yummmm  saturday, awesome   smile "
had a nice xmas and a great time last night at fager's- so good to see hs gang again  looks like i'll be slummin it in oc for a bit longer cause i'm snowed in with the fam  10 inches and counting!
helloooooo weekend!
cut the terrible two's claws for the first time and none of us is bleeding!!! i think that's enough chores for the day  smile 
just when i thought i couldn't love <propfirst> <propfirst> any more   
"so many cool people in dc and i only ever run into the axis of evil leadership  first, mccain, <propmale> powell and delay  today: <propfemale> muthaf*ckin palin  in my cheap local sandwich shop of all places  btw, she wears a puffy faux-leather lined white hiplength coat that is way better suited for the jersey shore than capital hill "
looks like 5 inches already and i'm thinkin snow day tomorrow  hell yes
getting the cats fixed has been the worst e playful erience ever  fml
"ugh  too much dinner, so i sacked out on the couch and then the little man decides that it would be a good idea to take a flying leap and land the full force of his eight lbs on my tummy  bad <propfemale> "
"looking for things to do that don't involve football, eating or hanging out with kittens  i'd ask for ideas but you're probably all watching the damn game   "
just keep swimming   just keep swimming   
ugh  even glee can't make bieber sound good 
taking the plunge and getting a smart phone  would love to hear model likes dislikes from people w  verizon   help a chick out?  smile 
"people are so annoying (yes, my friends, even you!)  i wish i could migrate to a planet solely populated by puppies, kittens and unicorns   "
"terrible day (week, life), want to sit on couch and catch up on dvr  come home, no power  stop playing yahtzee on my phone at ten to take a shower and go to bed  turn off shower, hear heat has kicked on  too tired to finally watch top chef  fail "
the weekend is here! let there be sunshine and rainbows!
how did i not know that christian bale is british? weird 
mmmm   lickin cake batter out of the bowl  smile 
"oh iphone, you're going to waste so much of my time  smile "
"well at least the torture of having to watch <propfemale> paltrow sing was eased by the awesomeness of <propfirst> stamos leading the\celibacy club in a rousing rendition of afternoon delight"
goddess help me   i've got an idol crush  does it get any lamer than this?
"just had to send a \welcome to our membership!\"" email to someone in one of the earthquake tsunami affected areas of japan  awkward """
forgot about st  paddy's day and wore green to work  ugh  i hate looking festive 
taught the cat to play fetch  totally awesome 
