b3a085c99eaa31cda795f6bc8587c2c4
"my\name is so muthafuckin swagg dressed  dont put it in ya mouth less dats\how u will be addressed  excuse my penis dis is not all access  u\bitches lookin at me like my <propmale>'s attractive  lol i gotta bad habbit\fa traction  im <propmale>in down dis track til its pussy n i getta fuckin\chain reaction "
"~i am dope  gotta new swag!   take a hita dis shit  im stuck on it like stupid n i think i am my addiction   its fuck da world, wit tunnel vision  u can not see me  i am beyond u bitches   hello world, im still wet behind da ears lately  im fresh like it hasnt even been a year baby  lol fresher den a fuckin baby so fuck a reinlistment u can kick me out da fuckin navy  ~"
i needa get dis paper   
gd night facebook!
the world is fulla fake ass ppl  fuck da world
"its fuck da world, wit tunnel vision! u cannot see me  i am beyond u bitches!!"
aight den    guess ima call it a night     http annoyed  bit ly abqbcb
real is only a perspective of one's own opinion  real niggaz do real thingz n fake bitches do fake things but dont always admit to it       http annoyed  bit ly bdmbaz
my best friend used to say dis shit   just another day in paradise  lol i shol wish u could drink one wit me  goin back to mississippi soon tho  prolly dis or next week  i cant fuckin wait!
thanx fa all da bday wishes n evryone else dats fucked up tho but its all gravy tho
"september 14, 1986- 2010   still da realest nigga alive   lol  hello life, im feelin myself a bit much but u dont feel me  i dont care if u'z a bitch  i bet i'd <propmale> u down real deep!! lol happy birthday self"
"love, you are my answer to my prayers  the lord has sent you to me so you should never forget your roots  its a blessing from god when i can tell you i love you no matter what and you can see the love the lord is pouring out because with love like that who needs any other than that  praise god that you are my answer because i do daily  ?<l playful ?   ?"
"ok, nomo facebook video games  somethin is seriously wrong wit dis picture n i finally  got my sign but why woud u name a game character the <propfirst> of the <propfirst> of the beast like dis is kool or somethin? seriously???   ??   wow!!"
goin out to find work today  gotta be productive sumhow
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ve57vca8e_m
"i miss the way things used to be  wit my wife, my bestfriend, my family, evrything  nothin is the same anymore  sad "
i cant wait to be goin back to okie soon  seems like its takin foreva!!
soon enough i will have my bestfriend back n i will be seein my wife  hope all is gd n blessed wit evrybody
by his stripes we are healed
man i miss my niggas
always fallin in fast love  she just trippin  i'm feelin nicer than a back rub   im smellin myself   cuz im fresh outta da bathtub  
"hmmm    what is on your mind?  ??     (vernon speaking)- \i hope u birds fall as da wind blows  i am beyond simple  i am as fly as da wind blows \"""""
does anybody even realize that the word mentioned that nobody will kno the day or the time so just chill the fuck out n relax  life goes on until it dont  who cares if todays the day or tomorrow or w e  cuz eitha way we aint gonn be able to stop it from happenin  things just happen as it wants to 
has anyone seen disaster movie? shit is hilarious!
happy 4th of july evrybody!!
man i am still drunk as shit  gettin my hair twisted up today in a hour n a half 
