fe3536d8bbc2bd0bc39b7fc3063599e4
needs this weekend to come faster smile 
likes this 
"doesn't know where all her free time went, but she really misses it "
is failing
feels like such a badass smile 
would like to thank monday's calculus final for ensuring her an awesome weekend sad 
is in michigan smile 
veut <propfemale> poisson-loup 
is so ridiculously happy laugh 
is in nj   haha 
"is back at lehigh, and has the world's biggest dorm smile "
loves her school
starts her 4-day weekend tonight smile 
is so excited for hillarybrittin at lehigh laugh 
is really depressed that clove cigarettes are no longer legal for sale in the us sad 
"has two midterms wednesday   and is on facebook, haha "
is sleeping! laugh 
thinks teja is pretty much the best person ever 
is sleeping until sunday 
"just got back from the lakehouse, and isn't sure why it's warmer 4 hours north of d c   "
booo no more engineer sad 
's winter break went by way too fast 
"is being distracted from studying by people in her hall screaming not about the superbowl, but about chemistry  seriously, lehigh?"
is in <propmale>?
is in michigan!
one year of engineer laugh 
holy shit i hate everything 
"had such an awesome weekend, wishes it had been longer smile "
is a business major   so why am i writing a 17 <propfemale> paper about australian fish?
finals suckkk
thinks bubble baths are definitely the best part about being back in d c  smile 
<propfemale> khan  so intelligent  so attractive  i wish i could be like her 
finance is lame   not looking forward to tomorrow's midterm annoyed 
"is listening to pavement and husker du, feeling nostalgic  also: visiting langley tomorrow "
"doesn't plan on having a social life this week, but will be so happy to not have to deal with finance classes ever again!"
is finally opening her pool today!
just realized that all the lectures in one of her online classes are given by a computer-generated voice  this is going to be a long semester   
seriously   why would anyone want to be an accountant? i don't get it 
night swimming and frozen lemonade are definitely the two best things about summer 
is sunburnt after spending just one hour kayaking   in the rain  fml 
"will be in va until saturday, in nc until thursday, and back at lehigh by friday smile "
thinks all the engineers complaining about how hard their classes are have never picked up an ir textbook   seriously 
is in nyc smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! smile 
studying iran is more fun when you have a hookah to go along with it smile 
is missing nova annoyed 
studying is hard   so i think i'm just gonna make hot cocoa and sleep for the rest of today smile 
so   westboro baptist church is picketing my high school tomorrow? wtf?
is officially done with finals!
"just finished cooking like, 10 lbs of pudding   christmas is too crazy smile "
is going back to school tomorrow   lame
had an amazing time in nyc with <propfirst> terrell smile 
"'s roommate <propfemale> baker ate pickles, croutons, tuna, parmesan cheese, and spoonfulls of nutella for dinner today    "
is cleaning her apartment so hardcore right now
rocks for jocks?
lethargic
why are they making atlas shrugged into a movie? ughh
just realized that the only time i go on facebook is when i should be studying for something important   
had an amazing time at cnu this week with teja swii'i smile 
why does spring break have to end? sad 
2 years love 
doesn't have to wake up before noon all week   love my life smile 
"i guess i'm just not feeling ready for a lot of things, lately"
today is my half-birthday smile 
not looking forward to this week   can classes be over already please?
is going to shanghai in less than two weeks? when did this happen?!
