cd2ab19bf1523a076660744714b6f677
head ache and tired  oh and i made up my mind  smile  haha yea 
yuck  yuck  yuck  dont feel good    blah     sad 
thats what ya get when you let your heart win   
friday is my sweet 16 party! you should come!!!  smile  please! lol! 7-11 my house! text er call if ya need to know anything else!  smile 
gonna go eat some or well a lot of food cuz im kinda sad right now    but im really happy at the same time  its weird  dont try to understand   
amazing day yesterday!!! spent all day with <propfirst> n issaiah!!! then my party was tight too!  smile  im really really happy!!!  smile 
had an amazing day with issaiah yesterday!!!  smile 
haha i love <propfirst> and issaiah!!! we have amazing times together even if it just on the phone lol!!!  smile  couldnt ask for better friends!!!  smile  love you guys! and i love you too <propfemale>!  smile  bffl!!!
had a good time with <propfemale> n issaiah earlier today!  smile  i love them!  smile 
dont get to go see my brother  sad  blah  evil table im killing it when i feel better!!!  sad 
way way tired but cant sleep    grr!  sad 
life is hard when you havent heard from either of your 2 best friends in almost a week     sad 
tired and sore but its all good yesterday was a good day!  smile  it was taylors sweet 16!  smile 
ugh!!! mom says no more monster for me!!!  sad  im mad!!! grr!!!
i hate when people break your trust n lie to you n think they can get away with it!!!
unless you are <propfemale> issaiah or <propfirst> do not text call or message me! i dont want to talk right now! i am thinkin n figurein somethin out! i need my time!
hmm    questions   
tired  frustrated  dont know what to believe right now    miss my brother n want him him home    ugh im a teenager i shouldnt be going thru so much stress like this  but whatever its all good  smile   annoyed   sad 
caribou this morning!!!  smile  yay!
blah tired out of my mind    wish i could sleep    its not fair     sad 
issaiahs grad party tomorrow! n taylors comin over n shes spandin the night! so all that should be fun!  smile  n i cant wait for lake <propfemale> christian camp with the youth group in a lil over a week!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  yay! missin my bffl n my brother!
issaiahs grad party tomorrow! n taylors comin over n shes spendin the night! so all that should be fun!  smile  n i cant wait for lake <propfemale> christian camp with the youth group in a lil over a week!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  yay! missin my bffl n my brother! gonna go try n ge
thinking about a lot   
i almost just want you gone    but i love you to much   
issaiah n <propfemale> stopped by today!  smile  im thinking a lot   
really bad head ache  im frustated n thinking a lot    i need a massage this week    that would be so nice but    no money  sad  stressed!!!
ugh!!! people frustrate me!!! n make me very mad!  sad 
oooo storms  smile 
goin to bellas tonight!!!  smile  yay!!!
gotta go get ready to go to bellas  smile  later! text it!!!  smile  smile  smile 
"but she wears short skirts, i wear t-shirts she's cheer captain and i'm on the bleachers dreaming bout the day when you'll wake up and find that what you're lookin for has been here the whole time if you could see that i'm the one who understands you been"
saw <propfemale> issaiah n <propmale> today!!! yay!  smile  thinkin a lot   
im bored im gonna go draw err somethin    text me! so i can be <propfemale> bored lol  smile  but yea im out    later!
sore n need a massage but cant get one for over a week  sad  tired  packing for lake <propfemale> christian camp!!!  smile  im excited!!! goin to the bffl(alysha)s house tomorrow then sleepin over then we're leavin for camp for the week!!!  laugh 
i want some cookie dough lol it sounds good right now!!!  smile 
these boys got me trippin    idkk     playful  im so happy to have my bffl <propfemale>  (see you soon) cuz if i didnt this would be an imposable situation for me to deal with!!!  smile 
goin to alyshas then we're goin to lake <propfemale> with the youth group in the mornin!!! this is gonna be a great week!!!  smile  love you all n talk to ya when i get back!!!  smile 
back fom lake <propfemale>!!!  smile  it was amazing!!!  smile 
doctors think i have h1n1(swine flu) pray n hope for the best please  they say i should be fine witht the pilss they gave me 
doin a lot better!!!  smile  thanks for the prayers n stuff dont even have a fever any more  smile  praise god!!!  smile 
"tired, gettin better from the flu!!! thanks for the prayers everyone god's answerin them  smile  (p s lake <propfemale> christian camp all last week was absolutely amazing!!!  smile )"
ugh i hate this i'll feeel fine then horrible then fine then horrible again!!! i just want this stupid flu or h1n1 or what ever it is to go away!!! grrs!
feel like wearing my pretty dress    but i cant cuz im sick n i'll get my germs all over it n i wont be <propmale> to wear it again  sad  i feel like being pretty tonight    n idk why    i just do     sad 
ugh head ache!!!  sad  i want this flu to go away!!!
tired  sore  stupid flu  sad  gonna go rest    h1n1 is gay!!!
feelin a lil better  smile  n i get to go see my brother in kansas!!!  smile  leavin early friday mornin!!!  smile 
aww i feel special my youth friends brought me flowers and a get well card  smile  oh n brownies too lol yay!!! i love them!  smile 
home from kansas n tired!!!
gettin my hair done today!!!  smile 
coloing my hair today!!!  smile 
coloring my hair today!!!  smile 
dyed the hair purple!!! lol im a grape  laugh 
in a bad mood  annoyed  people are so stupid sometimes   
passed me drivers test today!!!  smile 
lost a friend    push me away for no reason   
hmm    bad day today    but oh well i will live lol  smile 
 playful 
use me as you will pull my strings just for a thrill  n i know i'll be ok tho my skys are turning gray 
tired 
sexyyy new shirt lol  playful 
hehe im hyper lol!!! haha this is funny!!!  smile   playful   laugh  lolz
im bored    talk?
cant ever seem to get it right no matter how hard i try    i'll never meet thte standards n you'll always think of me how you do now    even if what you think of me couldnt get farther from the truth     annoyed 
mhmm   
<propmale> out with issaiah today  smile  it was fun   family issues     annoyed  eh not so fun  not readu for school to start tomorrow   
<propmale> out with issaiah today  smile  it was fun  family issues     annoyed  eh not so fun  not ready for school to start tomorrow   
hmm   idk this is confusing maybe it wouldnt be if i woulda just said what i ment instead of idk   i mean you wouldnt have just asked you had a reason n i know that but its just so hard   i just dont wanna get hurt like last time n i shouldnt let that hold me back but i do   i guess i just wanna tell you i love you   n if your still wondering if id ever go out with you the answer is yes i would go out with you   
oh snap! lol
 smile  im happy!
so i sorta kinda most definitely maybe just a lil bit fell for you   
cuz i only gotta see ya furr 2 <propfemale> n it turns my day around    haha  smile 
am i just another priceless work of <propmale> in your gallery? or do you actually care? idk what to think of you right now   
lol i feel like playin video games today  ssbm n <propfirst> cart furr sure hahaha  smile 
im stressed  im tired  i try  i get hurt  blah 
hmmm    tired    homecoming tomorrow!!! yay!  smile 
homecomeing n dance tonight!!! then <propfemale>'s sleepin over!!! haha yay!!! tonights gonna be a good night! tonights gonna be a good good night!!!  smile 
blah  homework 
oh the things i go thru   
what i did made you hate me  but your hate tword me is a small price to pay to of helped you from messin up your entire life 
snow  smile 
heyy  smile  im pretty good just got back from youth convention  how bout you?
"so youth convention was absolutely amazing!!! yea it was tight  smile  you know what im sayin, ya know what i mean, aww yeah! lol  this changes everything!"
please pray for <propfemale> lindskier's friends n family  she commited suicide n died last night around 11  wish she woulda texted me before she did    she woudn't have done it then    i could always talk her out of it     sad 
they say every dark cloud has a silver lining    maybe its there for me but it sure doesnt feel like it   
well    idk   
i try to hold onto this world with everything i have but i feel the weight of what it brings and the hurt that tries to grab  the many trials that seem to never end  his word declares this true that we will enter in this rest with wonders anew but i hold on to this hope n the promise that he brings  there will be a place with no more suffering  there will be a day   
uhg    bad day     sad 
headache  n my eyes hurt from crying n pushing my fingers on them    yea    bad day  really bad day     sad  i just want things to get better   
headache  n my eyes hurt from crying n pushing my fingers in them    yea    bad day  really bad day     sad  i just want things to get better   
ugh!!! this so would happen to me after a good day     sad 
psh  im so confused lol 
hmm    thinking     smile 
grr   
"mmm whatchya say mmm that you only ment well, well of course you did  mmm whatchya say mmm that its all for the best because it is "
another disappointment  grr  im really getting tired of this situation 
boys lie to much     sad  it hurts  'i love you always n forever no matter what' 'i'll always be there for you no matter what any day any time' yea whatever    liar!!! ugh 
"if he's dumbe enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go "
"cuz i get 1,000 hugs  from 10,000 lightning bugs as they try to teach me how to dance!  smile "
mmmm! oreos! yummy!!!
its hard to say i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep because everything is never as it seems 
its my bffls birthday! happy birthday <propfemale>!!!  smile  ily!
school tomorrow    blah  cant we just have it off till after new yaers??? lol 
la de da  blah 
i'm wonderful!  smile  i love christmas music!  smile 
yay! snow  smile 
*shiver* what? cold?! in mn! no way! never     what would make you say that?    *shiver*
and you ask me what i want his year and i try to make this kind and clear just a <propmale> that maybe we'll find better days cuz i dont need boxes wrapped in strings and designer love and empty things just a <propmale> that maybe we'll find better days 
ahhh!!!! stupid computer is being fricken retarded  my house is driving me insane!!! twitch twitch     but i love tayor cuz she's here keeping me sane  smile 
tired sore frustrated need a vacation getaway  so yeeaaa    talk to me?
maybe    ah  huh  uhm  hm  eh  uh  no  yes  ah! idk    cant make my mind up about anything anymore    hmm  i'll figure it out tho   
oh no!!!  sad  my brothers kicking me off the computer     sad  now i cant take care of my fishies or my farm    hahahahahaha jk  lol  smile 
"it shoulda, it coulda, it woulda been real   "
"you're the answer to my question why, the reason i survive, the meaning of my existance, my whole life, everything i need, you give me hope, you give me comfort, you calm my anger, you set me on fire, i want you to consume me  jesus you are the only reason why  smile "
haha little brother was teachin me how to play black ops today  playful  its actually kinda fun o o
my little brother should hurry up and get home! i want to learn more black ops! haha  laugh  yea im crazy lol but thats alright at least it makes me fun and fairly unpredictable hahaha!  playful 
"dear heart, \\please be careful, you have just recently been healed and i would apreciate it if you wouldnt break again  smile \\thank you dearly,\<propfemale>  smile \\p s  proceed with caution "
thursday spent a couple hours at the doctor they didnt figure out what was wrong  friday went to the hospital to get an ultrasound so they could check out my organs and figure out whats wrong  the call was supposed to come yesterday    grrs  today im waiting for the call  i just wanna know whats wrong with me so they can fix it and stuff 
still waiting for the doctor to call    its frustraiting i just wanna know whats wrong with me   
take my hand take my heart take me anywhere you are   smile 
had a good day with goeffrey today  smile 
i dont like the kind of people that like all the attention on themselves  and if any of it goes away they freak out or get mad  its stupid  the world doesnt revolve around you get over it and grow up 
bed time  tomorrow is my birthday!  smile  17    ugh one year closer to paying bills lol  oh well gotta grow up sometime right? i am excited tho  smile  cuz 16 wasn't so sweet    ready to move on from that year cuz i got better people now  smile  like goeffrey  smile 
really wish people would know the whole story    it hurts having eveything blamed on me  it takes two  we both messed up and my depression is not new its been going on for years(if you didnt notice)  and people need to get the story straight and stop spreading stuff around the school  this situation is not to be blamed on my bf  we were drifting way before me n him  so whatever 
anyone have a sprint phone they dont use any more? i really need one    mine broke  sad 
feels like each time im doin a little bit better something happens to make stuff worse or more stressful  even if things have only been good for a day or two of course something has to happen to screw it up  im so sick and tired of this i just want it to stop  i need a get away  i feel like the life in me is being sucked out 
thinking a little to much today    grrs    oh well    i love you goeffrey!  smile 
jealousy is such an ugly emotion  how true is that i mean really its horible  dont be jealous of what you dont have be thankful for what you do have 
im happy today  smile 
so im happy  smile  and today was a good day  smile  and i love goeffrey  smile 
i love how we can still have the best time no matter what kind of mood we're in  just spending time together makes it better  smile 
"in a way i have to, in a way i dont, in a way i want to, in a way i dont  idk i'll figure it out i guess    grr  never thought i would even want to talk to this kid again  counselor says i should tho    she says it would help   "
tired tired tired    just tired 
glad i gould help goeffrey feel a little better today  smile 
thinking  but good 
if my heart was a house you'd be home  smile 
so much for getting a vacation    not goin to arizona any more    grrs  ugh i need a vacation sooo bad  life is complicated  thinking about stuff    the conversations from last night and a decision i made  but idk we'll see what happens 
i've seen a <propmale> man beg i've seen a good man sin i've seen a tough man cry i've seen a loser win and a sad man grin i heard an honest man lie i've seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything between
so yesterday was 3 months  smile  im happy about that  i love you goeffrey diller  love 
cosmic brownies  smile  yummy!
had fun hangin out with goeff today  played apples to apples with my family for part of the time lol  fun fun  smile 
grrs    rough day   annoyed 
kind of frustraited    grr    people should really stop lying it's annoying and makes me mad    oh and their are 2 people i want to go away and never come back and never hear about or anything ever again  ugh    whatever i guess 
i need someone to go with to prom    my bf cant go he has to work at the festival of nations    grrs  so yea any one wanna go with me???
tired  sore  frustrated  belly button got ripped a bit from belly button ring cuz the bucked of rocke slipped a bit while i was carying it up the steps  ouch! im ok tho 
tired  sore  frustrated  belly button got ripped a bit from belly button ring cuz the bucket of rocks slipped a bit while i was carying it up the steps  ouch! im ok tho 
i think to much  i worry to much  i dont let things go  i never forget the things i want to the most  i hold grudges  i forgive but never forget  i say things i shouldnt  i dont say things i should  i do things i shouldnt  i dont do things i should  i smile when im sad  i cry when im happy  dang idk im just me   playful 
saw issaiah today    first time in like 7 months maybe more    yea  um idk how i feel about it   kinda happy in a way and not on another  so yea  kind of a bad day over all but it ended ok  love you goeff  love 
"can you say delete? delete! yea    your turn    ready, set, go delete! haha yea     playful  dont try to understand this it wont work lol only i know  hahahahah  you wish you knew "
sims time  smile  haha yea
"just applied a few places    hope i get a job soon  smile  gotta save up for a car, insurance, and college  smile  yup yup  wish me luck "
so prom was fun  smile 
why would you take away national day of prayer  if your such a christian you would want to keep it  oh and by the way to all the administration at rhs you have no right to tell me i cant pray at school  and just so you know me and my friends were praying for you!
stop putting your trust in mere humans  they are as frail as breath  how can they be of help to any one? <propmale> 2:22
hope for the best but e playful ect the worst 
the trouble w truth is it never lies & the trouble w wrongs that its never right so i rest my head under ur light the trouble w peace is it never fights & the trouble w loves that its always blind i want 2 walk 2 the edge of it tonight & i fall down the trouble with tears is that they dry & the trouble within made me wanna cry
first day of work went well  smile  the people there are nice  smile  gotta love mcdonalds  smile 
so i have been thinking about getting an indutrial bar and <propmale> piercings what do you think?
idk    tired  sad  mad  hopefuly <propmale> will stop by  and i miss my bf  annoyed  havent seen hin in a couple days and i need a hug from him 
they called them crazy when they started out said seventeen's too young to know what loves about they've been together fifty-eight years now that’s crazy  - love like crazy by <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
"be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common since never let your prayin knees get lazy and love like crazy"
it would be nice if this one person would stop stairing at me all the time    its really starting to bug me    its a little creepy    and it doesnt help that its a girl either    blah  thinking about saying something so i dont have to put up with it next year at school too 
god does not hate anyone  he loves everybody no matter what!
could we pretend that airplains in the night sky are like shooting stars i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now   
i love you goeffery diller   love 1 1 10 smile  you make me soooo happy  smile 
yay! summer!  smile  no school for a while!  smile  yes!!! senior now  haha  i love you goeff!
blah 
ugh    idk    i hope things get better 
u change ur mind like a girl changes clothes yea u pms like a bitch i would know n u always think always speak cryptically i should know that ur no good for me cuz ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur no ur in n ur out ur up n ur down ur wrong when its right its black n its white we fight we break up we kiss we make up u dont really wanna stay no but u dont really wanna go oh
its alllll gooood  smile 
lets make this uncomplicated shall we  smile 
gots a lot to think about   
grr    lame   
soooooo confused about so many things    ugh   sad 
tired    just got off work 
i like work  smile  it takes my mind off things  they are calming down now tho  hmmm  i guess we'll see what happens 
    cuz im about to let go of this rope im holding onto to see where the fall takes me and to see who catches me    (grr    idk)  sad 
my heads spinning  sad  i dont like it   
":,("
ouch! frickin a that hurt     annoyed  why'd you do it? thats not nice   
"if she'd let herself, she'd drown in a world of pain   "
ahhhhh! ok so this kid was totally flirting with me while he was ordering his food today and so i flirted back then     i found out he was 14!!!!!!!!!! in my defence he looked 16    blah  oops     annoyed 
i havent seen you in idk how long  but you were in my dream last night    and i have been seeing you but your really not there    i dont understand    maybe i miss you? idk 
"next time baby, i'll be bullet proof   "
my girl <propfemale>s cryin when shes lyin on her bed at night i can see that shes screamin when shes dreamin 4 freedom my girl <propfemale>s dyin while shes tryin hard to stop this fight dont stop believin my girl <propfemale> cant u see its not the circumstances that determine who ur gonna be but how u deal with these problems n pains that come ur way its 4 u that i pray with hope 4 a brighter day so i say ur deliverance is comin
" heart-broken  hurting    a lot :,("
youth group is at my house on wednesday!!! if you need directions shoot me a message or call text me  smile  it should be fun
"i cant believe it  do you realize how happy i am now? i see life in a different way without you  i cant even remember how we felt in love  it was a sad day, then everything got better! i dont love you  i really dont  trust me, i am not lying! im fine without you "
"well had fun hangin out with <propmale> today  smile  haha park and pillow fight lol  then    talked to goeff  heart-broken  and punched the wall a few times    :,( ouchies    i think the wall is hurt more tho    sorry mom n dad     annoyed  hopefuly hangin with <propmale> again tomorrow "
could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now   
"had a great time with <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> alythia <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile  \we both know i'm hotter then you\"" hahahahhaha! favvv part! book was better than the movie  it could been a bit better  ohs well still had a great time  smile  gonna see eclipse on friday too! with my raisin!  smile """
it's probably cuz ya think you're cooler than me  playful 
"maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano    (it causes the loudest most desperate yells, screams, and cries that have ever come out of your body   )"
got another call from north central university today!  smile  yay! they're gonna help me take the right classes at a community college so they car transfer  smile  im excited! gotta start applying soon 
got another call from north central university today!  smile  yay! they're gonna help me take the right classes at a community college so they can transfer  smile  im excited! gotta start applying soon 
"shh  see i got you all figured out  you need every one's eyes just to feel seen  gilr, you're so vein  you probably think this song is about you  dont you? dont you? i used up all of my tricks, i hope that you like this  but you probably wont, you think you're cooler than me   playful "
got some sun today  smile 
you got designer shades just to hide your face and you wear em around like your cooler than me   playful 
"wow cant believe im this bored that im finding things to \like\"" on facebook    cool life    gonna go read or something  its hot out today   """
im in a very good mood right now  smile 
internet decided not to work on my computer    again    grr 
reverse psychology is failing miserably it's so hard to be left all alone telling you is the only <propmale> for me there is nothing left but to turn and face you when i look into your eyes there nothing there to see nothing but my own mistakes staring back at me asking why the sacrifice of hiding in a lie the sacrifice is never knowing why i stay when you just push away no matter what you see you're still so blind to me
bang! pow! boom!!! haha  poof 
now you get to watch her leave out the window guess that's why they call it window pane 
goin to the beach with the family i guess  hopefuly no more sun burn and the water is nice 
gotta love walking home a few <propmale> in the rain and lightning     playful 
those nights you can't sleep and keep waking up are the best! ha! well no not really but still 
oh the things people say    lol   playful 
you make things so complicated   
yay! finaly i got the song to work on my ipod! im so happy!!!  laugh 
youth group is at my house again this week!!!  smile 
lets just call it quits its probably better so if im not returnin ur calls its cuz im not comin back im closin the door i used to be trippin over missin u but im not anymore i got the picture phone but baby ur pictures gone couldnt stand to see ur smile every time u dialed cuz its over u know its over this time so when u call im pressin 7 dont wanna hear ur messages messages im tryna erase u from my mind 
had fun with <propfemale> last night lol she spent the night  gotta love chillin at target for a couple hours haha 
"how is it that you broke up with me, but you are the one that misses me? you are the one with a new gf  and i am the one that moved on    i had no problem not talking to you but you are totaly lost without me    it makes no sense    you need me    but i dont need you!"
tired and hyper  playful  haha i like monster!
talk to me!!!  smile  im hyper!!!  smile  oh and i gots to clean my room soon   playful 
you confuse me!!! more than any one i swear!!! ugh! lol  its all good tho  i got this  playful  i think    haha  talk talk talk??? im bored    and the monster i had keeps giving me spurts on energy lol 
hmmmm what to do today?
so im thinking the next time i get a hair cut im gonna do something fun with it  smile  any ideas???
you give me a headache    blah 
its over  completely over  get that through your head  you broke up with me and maybe to you that was a mistake but if it is then its one you have to live with 
"tell me is the money worth your soul? tell me what's the reason that you hold on,\when you know that dude has a whole wall of 'em just like you? and girl you're just way too fine gotta be treated as one of a kind girl use your mind don't be just another dime (gallery - <propfirst>)"
you aint gonna tie me down 
computer under attack calling all reinforcements! we've been hit i repeat we've been hit! lol
had fun with <propfirst> and everyone yesterday  smile  and had fun with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale> today  smile  even tho <propfirst> threw me in a fountain    lol  playful 
 playful  i win  bye  smile 
blah blah blah all these girls got their words and names to throw at me but they don't even know lol  smile 
getting the people who aren't good for me out of my life onenperson at a time  4 down who knows how many more to go  funny how 3 of those 4 are guys    hmmm 
i hate when people take what i say mean out of context    ugh  oh well 
blah blah blah   playful 
the honest cries of a broken heart are better than a hallelujah sometimes   
tears of shame for what's been done the silence when the tears won't come are better than a hallelujah sometimes  beautiful the mess we are the honest cries of breaking hearts are better that a hallelujah 
tears of shame for what's been done the silence when the words won't come are better than a hallelujah sometimes  beautiful the mess we are the honest cries of breaking hearts are better that a hallelujah 
people make me smile  smile  haha wow i love when people try and bring you down but you turn it around  playful 
headache from the sirens  blah 
i'm ready for school to start    don't judge me! lol  playful 
at dunn bros    mom n dad are signing papers about a house    hmmm     zimmerman   
well then    i um    hmmm    idk   
yay computer is fixed  smile 
trying means nothing unless you are accomplishing what you are trying to do 
"i’m on my feet i’m on the floor i’m good to go  now all i need is just to hear a song i know  i wanna always feel like part of this, was, mine  i wanna fall in love tonight  (<propfirst> eat world - praise chorus)"
just found out i get my braces off in a little over a month!  smile  yay! im excited! hehe!
you can only push a girl away for so long untill she walks out of your life on her own so be careful and make sure this is what you want because once she turns around    she isnt coming back 
"i'm looking for attention not another question should you stay or should you go? well if you don't have the answer, why you still standing here? hey hey hey hey, just walk away\ (<propfirst> clarkson - walk away)"
"he tells everyone a story, because he feels his life is boring, and he fights so you won't\ignore him, because that's his biggest fear, and he cries, but you'll rarely see him do it  he loves, but he's scared to use it  so he hides behind the music, cause he likes it that way  he knows, he's so much more than worthless, he needs to find the surface, because he's starting to get nervous "
im puttin on my shades <propfemale> cover up my eyes im jumpin in my ride im headin out <propfemale>night im solo im ridin solo im ridin solo im ridin solo solo  i'm feelin like a s<propfemale>r you cant stop my shine im lovin cloud 9 my heads in the sky  im solo im ridin solo im ridin solo im ridin solo solo  now im feelin how i should never knew single could feel this good oh stop playin misunderstood back in the game who knew i would oh 
mmm whatcha say? mmm that you only meant well? well of course you did mmm whatcha say? mmm that it's all for the best? of course it is   
"i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly, its hard to say i'd rather stay awake when im asleep cuz everything is never as it seams (fireflys - owlcity)"
"talk, talkin a lot, but it's still talk gotta love how it's somehow all on me all the petty scenes and all the pretty things say whatever you want cuz i can laugh it off  i can laugh it off  (let it happen - <propfirst> eat world)"
work from noon to 5 today  hopefuly my back and legs dont kill me and they cooperate today 
"how many of usreally know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? here's a task foryou    leave a comment about how you met me   after you have commented,copy this onto your status - you'll be amazed at the responses you get"
"so heres how i know im over you: i saw your gf today and as soon as i saw her and i knew she had you i was very happy, it made my day  smile  but she looked very mad when she saw me    hmm why is that? any way gotta get up at 5 have work at 6 get off at 11 then eye appointment later in the day  smile  yay new glasses!"
i love when people think yelling thru a text will get to you lol  playful  its kinda lame 
thinkin about doin cross country running for a fall sport this year  smile  anyone wanna join me?
maybe u want her maybe u need her maybe u started to compare to someone not there maybe u want it maybe u need it maybe its all ur runnin from perfection will not come n all at once the crowd begins to sing sometimes we'd never know whats wrong without the pain sometimes the hardest thing n the right thing r the same maybe u want her maybe u need her maybe u had her maybe u lost her to another (all at once-the fray)
monday i get to see my brother!!!  smile  yay! hes gonna be home for 2 weeks!  smile  im excited but not so excited for the time fallowing when he gets deployed     sad  thats gonna suck 
"<propfirst> wentworth : \are you there?\"" sierra annoyed ""no\"" taylor annoyed ""oh dang    oh wait! that means you are still there! haha i almost <propmale> up   \"" sierra: hahaha  playful """
lets get the story straight u were a poison u flooded through my veins u left me broken u tried to make me think that the blame was all on me with the pain u put me through and now i know that its not me its u its not me its u always has been u all the lies and stupid things u say and do its u its not me its u all the lies and pain u put me through i know that its not me its u! (its not me its u-skillet)
apparently im psycho now    well according to <propfirst>  i guess i laugh at too random of time fore her lol  playful 
i love my big brother  smile  he makes me smile  and i get to see him very soon!!! i'm excited!  smile 
"a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest  honestly it's the honest ones you have to watch out for, you never can predict if they're going to do something incredibly stupid  (<propfirst> sparrow)"
brothers gonna be home tomorrow!  smile  yay! im happy! cant wait to see him! wish he wasnt getting deployed tho  annoyed 
had fun with zac at valley fair today!  smile 
 smile  daughtry  love 
i cant e playful laine it  annoyed 
be careful what you wish for    you just might get it all   
had fun rawring at the fish with <propmale> at cabelas  playful  lol
"paula: \hey <propfemale>  you and that one kid still dating?\"" me: \""haha no he broke up with me the first day of summer \"" paula: \"" what? why?\"" me: \""he broke up with me for <propfemale> tvietbakk \""  paula: \""he broke up with for her?!\"" me: looks down and starts laughing  \""yea\"" lol!"""
taylor: <propfemale> do you want a tatoo some day? <propfemale>: yea some day  you? taylor: yupers  <propfemale>: where? taylor: somewhere i don't have to see it all the time lol  <propfemale>: i would get a black and white one somewhere i can see it so i could color it when i wanted  smile 
some things are just better left unsaid   
im sore and tired today  annoyed 
i may never be the one that gets a second glance i may never be the one they call the prettiest but thats alright with me and maybe i don't follow every crazy passion spend all my time trying to get a good reaction but thats ok with me this world is like a trampoline high and low no in between jumping at the <propmale> to please everyone but thats not me (all that matters-addison road)
funny how things work  smile  isn't it?
i found a friend or should i say a foe said theres just a few things u should no we dont want u 2 see we come n we go here 2day gone 2morrow    if i say who i no it just goes 2 show u need me less than i need u but take it from me we dont give sympathy u can trust me trust nobody but i said u n me we dont have honesty the things we dont want 2 speak i'll try 2 get out but i never will this traffic is perfectly still 
all my battles have been won but that war has just begun 
if i could write u a song n make u fall in love i would already have u up under my arm i used up all my tricks i hope that u like this but u probably wont u think ur cooler than me u got designer shades just 2 hide ur face n u wear em around like ur cooler than me n u never say hey or remember my name its probably cuz u think ur cooler than me
a wise person learns from others mistakes 
god gave me this heart  a heart that cares  cares so much that i even want to protect those who hate me from hurt and pain  oh if they only knew  if they only knew what i went thru for them  maybe then they could at least be civil toward me   
"it's interesting to watch people try and make themselves believe something cuz they shouldn't be feeling or thinking what they really are but say they aren't    don't cover up what's inside cuz then you'll just be wearing a \mask and that's no good "
"i find myself at a loss for words and the funny thing is, it's ok "
*sigh* *roll eyes* blah  playful 
hold tight this is not a fair fight   
fail  sad 
"they say when you find the one, there will be no second guessing, you will feel it deep in your heart, you'll know it was destined and inside will let you know somethin you cant deny  just let it grow  love "
and it was only just a dream     love 
19 days till the first day of school    hmm  works for me  smile 
i feel like camping    i havent gone camping in idk how long 
*sigh* thinking    got a lot on my mind   
1 economics <propmale> 2 algebra2 <propfemale> 3 jag schmoyer 4 total fitness <propmale> lunch d 5 spanish 2 peyerl-moscosco 6 contemp  lit  bursheim
hoping for the best but e playful ecting the worst
this is how you remind me of what i really am 
work from one till nine today  well i'm gonna sleep good tonight lol  playful 
yay i get to relax finaly  worked all day  haha and a guy asked for my number while i was workin too  playful  tehe  smile 
"i got a lot to say to you yeah, i got a lot to say i noticed your eyes are always glued to me keeping them here and it makes no sense at all they taped over your mouth scribbled out the truth with their liesyour little spies   if you want to play it like a game well, come on, come on, let's play"
work soon  i'm tired  and my knee is still sore from my bike accident the other day 
"theres a fire in your eyes and i hope you let it burn, theres a scream in your voice and i hope you will be heard, theres a fire in your eyes and i hope you let it burn untill you're heard "
i get my braces off in the morning!!!  laugh  yay!!! i'm excited!  playful 
last week till school  tues-get braces off n go to timber bay w nick hopefuly  wed-youth group in the evening but nothin before that <propfemale> gjestvang wanna do dinner? thurs-work 4-6  fri- as long as i can get someone to cover my shift at work imma be goin to the twins game w my dad  smile  sat-work 2-9 then bowling with <propmale>  sun-goin to grandparents house? mon-get home if goin  tues- school starts  danggg  haha
this time i aint comin back  that was my last goodbye  ya cut that last thread that freed me  smile 
was told im a very good worker by a manager at work today and said that i could easily become a manager if i keep up the good work and he was gonna tell the store manager that im a good worker and put in a good word for me  smile  yay!
oh wow    didnt see that one coming! lol jk! everyone did! blah    lame 
gotta love those long conversations with people  smile 
just applied at spectrum high school  if im accepted i'm pretty sure i will be going there  if not its back to rogers   
tired    almost thinking about going back to bed    twins game tonight with my daddy-oh  smile  and zacs coming home for his 4 day!  laugh 
good game twins  smile  waitin on the train now  <1love1god1way>
work 2-9  then bowling with <propmale> fitzsimonds!  smile  should be fun!
had fun bowling with <propmale> tonight  smile 
gotta love those lose lose situations    <1love1god1way>
getting called into work early = free iced coffee when i leave  laugh 
so not ready for the questions i will be recieving tomorrow    i wont be answering most of them its no ones business    but grr im doin good and tomorrow will make me think    too much  wish i coulda started at spectrum tomorrow    *sigh* oh well  smile 
can't sleep     annoyed  thinking    oh come on this can't be happening already    bad sleep habbits aren't supposed to start till a few weeks into school    grr!
why is it that the people who don't like you or have a problem with you are always the ones that are creepin on ya? lol jw 
its hard to say that i would rather stay awake when im asleep cuz everything is never as it seems  - fireflies by owl city  smile  good night everyone
"put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone)who suffers from stupidity  stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer rightnow  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% won't copy and paste this    because they don't know how to copy and paste  will you?"
i just want to sleep right now    blah  home work   
hello spectrum goodbye rogers  monday will be my last day at rogers to hand in my books and say bye to everyone then tuesday i start at spectrum  smile  thank you lord for making my choice clear to me today!  smile  imma miss my friends tho  annoyed  love you guys  honestly i do i just needa do whats best for me 
tomorrow is my last day at rogers  laugh   smile   annoyed   annoyed   sad  its kinda bittersweet
so    our offer on the house in zimmerman was accepted so i guess that's where we're movin  idk when we are gonna be movin though  so yea 
already have hw at spectrum and i havent even atrted yet haha  gotta catch up thats all  smile  its all good  playful  cant wait to start there in the mornin  laugh 
good first day at spectrum  smile  still prayin tho  smile  gotta make sure i'm stayin tight with god and what he wants for me  smile 
grrs  thats all i got right now 
long week  im ready for the weekend but still have 2 days to get there    so tired  exhausted is a better way to put it  sleep  need sleep  good night and sweet dreams to everyone  smile  zzzzzz zzzzzz
"woke up at 645  smile  got ready for school, went to school 825 got out of school 236 had work at 3 got off at 7  blahhhh  tired tired tired! now gotta do mi español dos homework  then bed time! god i thank you for giving me the strength to make it hrough eachday it's truley amazing  smile "
so im pretty proud of myself today  smile  ran an 8 surprise 2 mile today! thats presidential status! yea what now!? hahahahaha  p s  i beat half the guys in my gym class! ha!  playful  yay!
tummy ache  annoyed  blah 
time for bed  goin to the vikings game with my dad tomorrow  smile  it should be fun!
vikings shoulda played better     annoyed  now waiting on the train to go home 
so many changes in so little time   
oh the places you will go 
*turn into cvs* i think that sign just said do not enter    haha oh well whatever works  <1love1god1way>
"tired  busy day  started back at rogers today, got home, talked to mi madre for a bit, gor some monies out of the bank, went and got my stuff and returned books at spectrum, went to dinner with <propfemale>, was there for a friend that needed it with <propfemale>, talked to a friends mom about some stuffs, paid a freind back and now time for homework then bed "
the hope is we have so much to feel good about oh this has gotta b the good life this has gotta b the good life this could really b a good life good life got this feelin that u cant fight like this citys on fire tonight this could really b a good life a good good life sometimes theres airplanes i cant jump out sometimes theres bs that dont work now we r god of stories but please tell me what theres to complain about
shootin for the <propfemale> but im too busy gazin at the stars    god please guide my path cuz there is no way i can make it to where i need to be without your guidance 
now i know we said things did things that we didn't mean and we fall back into the same patterns same routine but your temper's just as bad as mine is you're the same as me but when it comes to love you're just as blinded   
its amazing how god can shape your heart  smile 
tired  work all day  yup that's about it 
<propfemale> is over haha  fun fun   laugh 
"run your feet, not your mouth  smile "
"it's alright, this could be a rough night, so hold tight, this is not a fair fight "
"my new favorite quote: run your feet, not your mouth  smile "
"life kiss nudge* me kiss shake it off* life kiss push* me kiss stumble and move on* life kiss shove* me kiss fall, get up, brush shoulders off* life kiss shove* then *kick* while down me kiss wince**get back up on feet**brush shoulders off* and  smile  life:??? me: ya cant get me down god's got my back  smile  ha yea what now?! i win  smile "
busy busy busy  go go go  thats how monday was and how today was and how tomorrow is gonna be    grr  but thursday i getta chilax with my best frienamy <propfemale> gjestvang so that should be a good time to sit back relax n have some fun without bein on the go  wish i could sleep in a bit tomorrow  tired  bed time soon  smile 
had a very bad watres at dinner with <propfemale> gjestvang tonight  she thought i was about to punch her  my goodness she was mean!
"gonna finish my shirt, clean then start packing up my room  mom n dad are at the new house in zimmerman right now "
workin 9-5 today  yup yup  then gonna work on gettin more of my room cleaned and packed 
i wish this was just a dream    but its really happening   
finaly got a much needed visit to the chiropractor  smile 
brother gets deployed thursday  sad  i'm sad   
i was not e playful ecting an appology from you    especially not tonight  and to my face  wow  gotta give em props for that   smile  and yay! he doesn't hate me 
"i just want to cry right now    :,( hopefuly coffee with my brothers gf will help a bit "
na na na na every day its like my ipod stuck on replay   
tell me somethin sweet to get me by cuz i cant come back home till they're singin la lalala lalala till everyone is singin  if you can wait till i get home then i swear to you we can make this last  la la  if you can wait till i get home then i swear come tomorrow this will all be in the past  well it might be for the best 
they say you love me    oh what do i believe? but more importantly does it even matter?
i found im scared to know im always on your mind    (collide-howe day)
i used to love you with a fire and now it's turnin blue and ya say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you but i'm afraid it's too late to apologize it's too late i said it's too late to apologize yea-ah 
people are confusing  lol  it would help if they didn't lie all the time  and have people thinking they're not  but thats life and life goes on   smile  oh high school why must you put such evil things in people? you tempt persuade and push people in misled ways  i even catch your grip on me from time to time  let me go!
lol  smile  people are funny 
1: i miss my brother and will for the next year  2: i need some good sleep  3: im tired of watching my friends and loved ones hurt emotionaly and physicaly  4: i need to work on self control cuz sometimes it causes me to hurt others and myself  5: packing  moving  job issues  6: jesus im comin after you with all i got and im e playful ecting great things 
"if i'm a bad person, you don't like me  well, i guess i'll make my own way  it's a circle, a mean cycle  i can't excite you anymore  where's your gavel? your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me, well, sentence me to another life  - paramore"
"this is the best thing that could've happened, any longer and i wouldn't have made it  it's not a war, no, it's not a rapture  i'm just a person but you can't take it  the same tricks that, that once fooled me, they won't get you anywhere  i'm not the same kid from your memory  well, now i can fend for myself "
"would it be ok, would it be ok, if i took your breath away?  smile "
i keep telling myslef that theres this thing called sleep and i happen to need it but my body doesnt seem to agree with me    grrs 
"we go back like 1980, n we fall back into the same patterns same rountine over n over again cuz this loves like woe n its never the right time to say goodbye, we say its too late too abologize then we're runnin right back, its like we're stuck on replay  its not over  n tonight will be the night that i will fall for u over again, i wanna make up right na na na cuz its never too late n everybodys singin la lalala  playful "
they say you hurt the ones you love more then any one(not necisarly on purpose) well if that's true then i sure do live you don't i?  annoyed  sorry
myc '10 baby!!! heck yes!  smile  compelled by love! i's happy  laugh 
molestation!!! ahh!!! d:    i like my teeth  laugh 
haha gotta love late night snack at perkins! lol and don't forget about the part where you start dancing to a good song right outside the door when you're done  playful  haha heck yes! myc '10 compeled by love was bomb!  laugh 
finally home and relaxing  smile  but had an amazing time at myc! <propmale> dabbs and <propfirst> <propmale> timm were tight!  laugh  <propmale> deyo and the band were quite sweet too  playful  fun fun fun!  smile 
i guess people like watching me sleep    cuz i look peaceful and content and it makes people happy  lol i find it a little creepy but glad i can make people happy by the way i    sleep? lol  playful  gotta love the people in my youth group and what you find out at myc!
"this makes no sense at all  tired  i think im gonna finnish my book, do my home work then bed time  yup "
"gah! you have got to be kidding me!!! one flippin point! ahhh! i so quit    oh  my  gosh  aaargh! :,( i so dont have time for this    > annoyed "
so now i'm a puffer angel fish  hahahahaha  puffer fish cuz a my attitude and an angel fish cuz of how i look when i sleep  smile  lol  playful 
i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this    (airplaines-b o b)
"gah! i'm cold and my stupid elbow is bleeding and the stupid wind is wayyy too loud an i'm having an alergic reaction to who knows what this time so my leg frickin iches like crazy and has a million bumps on it and it's half raw now cuz i've iched it so much and i'm hungry for some good food and i miss my brother! :,( tonight is not my night   "
sick    yuck  annoyed 
so i got most of my room packed up today    even though i dont feel very good  blah    found some stuff from the past in my room brought back lots of memories  smile  annoyed  sad  tryin to decide if i should call in for work tomorrow  ugh i hate not feelin good ya never know when your gonna feel better   
don't tell me your sorry when you keep doin the same things that hurt me over and over  don't tell menyou miss me when you barely even talk to me(by choice) and most of all don't tell me you love me when you have a girlfriend!
i wish it didn't hurt like this it's been way too long for the times we missed i can't believe it still hurts like this (the older i get-skillet)
"but if i ain't the one i hope you find true love \and if not i'm here when push comes to shove  (1980-rehab)"
why so you need a plan to be with someone?if you wanna be with someone them just be with them  smile  (prison break)
bittersweet life
i've seen a <propmale> man beg i've seen a good man sin i've seen a tough man cry i've seen a loser win and a sad man grin i heard an honest man lie i've seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything between (what its like-everlast)
wow    just wow  
ya keep on a holdin a holdin on a keepin  smile 
"collectin all the people you love to sing you a song\even if they stick to humminholdin on a song to see them\when you're really sick-a sick-a sick of love\leavin with their heart to shape them within\even if they stay to runnin\hold 'em on the soul, believintill you wanna stick-a stick-a stick to love (with you in my head-unkle)"
who died and made you <propmale> of anything?!
this could be over with the snap of your fingers   
some days the only reason i even make it through the day is cuz of jesus christ and the love he has for me 
"i can't an i won't live a lie, no not this time  a friendship that needs to be kept a secret from even one person isn't even really a friendship at all  <propfemale> don't fool yourself    ya ain't  foolin me "
*• • * •*• *snow*• • * •*• *  yay! i love   *• • * •*• *snow*• • * •*• *  it's pretty
"remember the time when we were like sisiters    i do, like it was yesterday    i miss those days  but they're gone and they will never come back  that time lasted for years  but now its like i never existed in your world at all   and truth be told    it hurts and i miss you  annoyed "
gah! my brither tried talkin to me on here but i was on my ipod so the chat thing didnt pop up on there  annoyed  grr    i wanted to talk to him   i love and miss my big brother very much! stupid ipod i blame you!
"it's not too late, it's never too late  smile "
"shes got it out for me, but i wear the biggest smile    theres a million other girls who do it just like you looking as innocent as possible to get to who they want and what they want, it's easy if you do it right, well i refuse i refuse i refuse! (misery business-paramore)  smile "
your secret's safe with me  smile  most definately  smile 
its really good to hear your voice sayin my name it sounds so sweet comin from the lips of an angel hearin those words it makes me weak  (lips of an angel-hinder)
its interesting how fast slow you fall asleep at different peoples houses and your own    my house: up to two hrs if i even fall asleep  family: up to an hour  friends: around a half hour  his: 5 <propfemale>  <propmale>    without even trying lol even now  playful 
their are certain things someone who is in a relationship shouldnt tell a person that they arent in the relationship with   
"today is not \turkey\"" day  we are not celebrating turkies  its thanks giving a day to be thankful for things    like turkey lol  playful """
be careful little eyes what you see its the 2nd glance that ties your hands as darkness pulls the strings be careful little feet where you go for its the little feet behind you that are sure to follow be careful little ears what you hear when flattery leads to compromise the end is always near be careful little lips what you say fpr empty words n promises lead broken hearts astray
"when the devil wants to dance with you, you better say never, cuz a dance with the devil could last you forever   "
lets get the story straight you were a poison you flooded through my veins you left me broken you tried to make me think that the blame was all on me with the pain you put me through and now i know that its not me its you    (skillet)
today wasn't the best day     annoyed 
sleep would be nice   
"it's gonna take a long time to love it's gonna take a lot to hold on it's gonna be a long way to happy, yeah left in the pieces that you broke me into torn apart but now i've got to keep on rolling like a stone cause it's gonna be a long long way to happy (pink)"
this is my december this is my time of the year this is my december this is all so clear this is my december this is my snow covered home this is my december this is me alone and i'd give it all away just to have somewhere to go to give it all away to have someone to come home to this is my december these are my snow covered dreams this is me pretending this is all i need (linkin park)
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same   sometimes when you know what the right thing is and you really dont wanna do it you still should even if it will make someone dislike you more then they already do you still know what the right thing is and you should do it even if its hard to 
today was so not my day    actualy this past week hasnt been the best    time to get my grandpa from bamidji    he got lost    prayers please 
nvm goin in the morning  grandpas in a hospital near bamidji  won't be at school tomorrow 
"got up at 5, got dressed, got in the truck, headed north to get my grandpa, saw him, found his truck, picked him up from the hospital, then i drove our truck home while my dad brought my grandpa back to his house, and now im finaly home thank the lord  the roads were ice  im tired "
had a long day  tired and sore  annoyed 
"and i now i'll be ok though my skys are turning grey, grey "
relations  creation  incarceration  determination  equation  humiliation  reincarnation  situation  elation  identification  retaliation  education  inspiration  no substitution  solution  conclusion 
i've been there 2 when everything falls apart n the best u can do is get thru each day wonderin will this never end?is it always gonna be this way?n the greatest lie u've been told is that ur the only 1 2 ever walk on this road n that u'll never c the light a <propfemale> so we came together 2 say hold on cause we've been there n found our way home i promise u that ur not on ur own 1 day this will pass god will c us all thru
well    yea idk   
"it happens in a blink, it happens in a flash, it happens in the time it took to look back  (blink-revive)"
"this is my december\these are my snow-covered trees\this is me pretending\this is all i need"
"why cant people be themselves any more? its like they gotta live for everyone else and have to go by trends and whats popular  what the heck?! come on people get some individuality around here  i was born an original and i refuse to die a copy, whos with me?"
"i cant keep chasin you, you're taken my life away   "
"im not here to lie, cheat, steal, or hurt  my purpose is to reveal the truth to prevent further hurt from happening in a worse way  lying sucks and i hate it, it hurts people  and i dont like seeing people hurt  so lying all around is just horrible  yea  thats what i got right now "
"oh beautiful snow, how i love you so  smile "
got a problem with me? solve it! think im trippin? tie my shoes! cant stand me? sit back down! cant face me? turn around!
i dont know what i've done or if i like what i've begun but somethin told me to run n <propfemale> u know me its all or none there were sounds in my head little voices whisperin that i should go n this should end oh n i found my self listenin    but u aint leavin without a fight n i think i am just as torn inside    n i wont be far from where u are if ever u should call u meant more to me then any one i've ever loved at all
funny how people that hate you or have a problem with you think that it bug you that they hate you when in reality you could care less lol  p s  i like to live life  on the edge hahahaha had a good time with <propfemale> today  smile 
sometimes tears say all there is to say sometimes ur first scars wont ever fade away tried to break my heart well its broke tried to <propfemale> me high well im choked wanted rain on me well im soaked soaked to the skin its the end where i begin now im alive n my ghosts r gone i've shed all the pain i've been holdin on the cure for a heart is to move along is to move along what dont kill a heart only makes it strong
love my friends! went to dq and noodles with <propfemale> earlier   smile 
sometimes beginings aren't so simple    sometimes goodbye's the only way   
i wanna hold you high and steal your pain away   
this is my december these are my snow-covered trees this is me pretending this is all i need and i just wish that i didn't feel like there was something i missed and i take back all the things that i said to make you feel like that and i just wish that i didn't feel like there was something i missed and i take back all the things i said to you
"so i love the snow it's beautiful! but it would be nice to be able to open the door  playful  eh oh well i got no place to go so let it snow, let it snow let it snow  smile  oh and i had the craziest dream when i was taking a nap earlier    i want to go snow mobieling it sounds like fun  wish i had one    grrr! lol"
"you call me strong, you call me weak but your secrets i will keep, you took for granted all the times i never let you down, you stumbled in and bumped your head, if not for me then you'd be dead i picked you up and put you back on solid ground(kryptonite)"
"dont blame it on me, you're the one who said those things to me  i didnt make you say anything  you chose to say those things  you did! not me  smile  actions have consequenses darlin you of all people should have learned that by now  and lies only make them worse but you dont need me to tell you that now do you?"
tired and got a headache but goin to the chiropractor soon  smile  yay!
"so tired  gonna make dinner, eat dinner, read a chapter, and go to bed  yes its early but im tired and my bed is already calling my name "
how does it feel to live a lie? it cant feel good  i live in truth and its amazing  cut the lies you're only hurting yourself 
"see this grin, ear to ear  im not having happy thought, im having an evil one, and you may want to run! > smile "
"had fun with <propfemale> jobe today  smile  haha caribou jones soda and sims 2! cant go wrong there!  smile  glad we're getting along and are friends again we have fun times together, fo sho up the spot yo  haha  playful "
"sunset, i close my eyes, i pretend everythings alright  drowning in anger from all these lies, i can't pretend everythings alright  please don't let me fall forever, can you tell me it's over?(shadows-red)"
just finished watching letters to god and i cried for probably the last half of the movie  it's an amazing movie i absolutely love it and it's a true story so it made it that much better!
"if i had the words to say, trust me, i would say them  but i dont, so i cant   "
"home from babysiting  the kids were good so that was nice, it made my job easy  smile "
"im really happy today  idk why, but i am   smile "
"walk  walk lifes path, take the adventure  walk the path to your dreams, your goals  you fall down but just get back up and walk on, you'll make it though with friends walking with you  -<propfemale> rivers (yes, me)"
ur over seas in some distant land u cant b here 4 christmas i dont understand when r u comin home? we lit up the house like we always do but it doesnt seem bright cuz we cant have u in my prayers i ask god 2 keep u safe n im tryin 2 b really brave tell me that the fightings through come home i really miss u its hard 2 enjoy the holidays without u but we're so proud of u n all the red white n blue
"ugh!  crying  at least god's always there  sometimes thats all i can hold on to; when everything else fades away, fades to grey   "
ft: <propfemale> idk what you did to that kid but you changed him  me: really? ft: yea the kid is crazy about you and you straightened him out so much it's unbelievable you really got in trough to him  me: oh    i didn't realize  ft: he cares about you it's easy to tell  me: you can tell? ft: yea it's easy to tell if you talk to him about it  me oh    ok  smile 
i gots a really cute outfit picked out for tomorrow!  smile  oh! and i get my nose pierced tomorrow too!  smile  yay!
allie:i wanna see him we should go 2 his work n get ice cream me:we could keep askin 4 stuff allie:i needa fork 4 my retarded friend me: i'd fake retarded 4 u!
"ppl r so funny they try n bring me down but all they really do is bring me up further  case in pt- somone tryin 2 get me in trouble n heres my convo  dad:im gonna be brutaly honest with u cuz ur brutally honest too  me:i think we all figured that 1 out today *laughs uncontrolably, mom chuckles  me:i mean did i say anything that wasnt true? dad:its not that its the language u used  me:yea true, wont happen again  smile "
"funny how she believes every word that comes out of his mouth, when every word he's said to her he's said to me and every other girl hes dated lol  smile "
i just spit the facts <propfemale> i aint full a fiction  dont be mistaken i aint trippin  this smile on my face it'll be there for a while  check these people liken my statuses about you  ha whos liken yours about me  see they know what i say is the truth  and you aint got nothin on me  smile 
"im not fake so im about to be very real  im not perfect, no where near it  i can be self concious at times, i get jealous of what im scared to lose, im not always the nicest person, i can get insecure, i dont always believe in myself, i say things i shouldnt, and i make mistakes a lot  but at least i can admit it, thats what makes me strong, honest and 100% real "
"dont be mistaken i aint trippin  <propfemale> i spit the facts i dont talk that fiction  ya better be watchin where ya steppin, stup up or step off  dont be goin gettin your crew to fight this for you  fight your own battles  dont say stuff about me then get someone else to back you up  come on step on up  dont be mistaken i aint trippin "
talkin to my big brother cuz hes cool like that lol  laugh 
don't be mistaken i ain't trippin  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everybody! don't forget to thank the lord for all he has given and done for you  smile especially sending his only son for all of us!
"prior lake today, eagan tomorrow, i love my family!  smile  they make me happy!"
1 corinthians 13 is stuck in my head today  smile  it's a good reminder 
its probably because you think you're cooler then me  smile 
dont pretend or fake or act anything for anyone to try and make them care love enjoy be happier with you cuz that children is called being fake and nobody likes that  lets get real!  smile 
"the day i thought i'd never get through, i got over you  smile  and now i feel so free and happy!  smile  yay!"
so im at the doctor with my mom and to open the door to the restroom you just wave haha its sweet  playful 
kinda want my life to slow down so i can have a break or vacation or something    that would be nice  im getting too wound up 
sims sounds fun right now lol  guess i'll play that for a bit  then <propfirst>'s comin over later  smile  that will be fun!
<propfirst> is here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  mwahhahahahhahahahahahahahaha! let the fun begin  smile 
<propfirst> thinks <propfirst> <propmale> snowman is hers but he's really mine! lol
but somethin told me to run n <propfemale> u know me its all or none there were sounds in my head little voices whisperin that i should go n this should end oh n i found myself listenin cuz i dont no who i am who i am w out u all i no is that i should n i dont no if i could stand another hand upon u all i no is that i should cuz she will  love  u more than i could she who dares to stand where i stood_where i stood-missy higgins
visited <propmale> and her little baby girl peyton  smile  they're so beautiful! i love them  smile 
yuck    not feeling very well  annoyed  and super tired    sleep doesn't seem to be going the best though  grr 
no plans today or tonight  as usual lol 
can't text  annoyed  phone is messed up  sad  grr
it hurts when you need me and i can't break your fall it hurts when you can't see and it hurts when you're lonely and i'm standing right beside you there and it hurt when you told me that you told me that you tried this on your own hope you never hurt hope you never cry hope you never lose your way tonight hope you never crumble hope you never fall (hurt-thousand foot krutch)
ugh cellular device is messed up  sad  can't call or text  annoyed 
being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect  it means you have decided to look beyond the imperfections  smile 
"so im just sorta kinda a little happy, ok or maybe a lot  laugh "
"stupid video in stupid contemp  lit  made me sad, angry and scared  its stupid  and it made me miss my brother more than i already do   didnt know it was possible    stupid stupid stupid    i should have left the classroom i knoew after 5 minutes it was gonna upset me but i stayed any way   grr!  annoyed  but, life goes on "
"all of gods creations are absolutely amazing! but my favorite is the sky and nature, its so beautiful and its a piece of his <propmale>, new every day!  laugh  and my favorite man made creations are city buildings from a far and the eifle tower  smile  but gods are the best ones, just sayin  playful "
brothers gonna be home in a month for a little while  laugh  im excited!
taking notes for econ   it's taking forever but that's why i get for procrastinating lol  playful 
doing my homework makes me feel productive  laugh 
angels surroundin his throne n worthy is the lamb who was slain the whole earth is full of his <propfemale> all nations bow to his name his majesty fills the heavens our hearts give thunderous praise declare the lord is forever make a joyful noise in this place (joyful noise - flame feat  <propfirst> <propmale> and lecrae)
"blahhhh  tired, very tired, a little craby and sore  annoyed  grrrr!"
uhg    tired and sore  oh pain please go away you are not welcome  and bed i wish you were more comfortable so i could sleep decent     annoyed 
gahhhh!  crying  ouch! everything around my rib cage hurts    it feels like i'm being squeezed really fricken hard  sad  i just want the pain to go away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grr still sore  and tired 
just downed a bottle of water in less than a minute    o o i think i was a little dehydrated   
ah ah ah im free from sin ah ah ah i win i win ah ah ah i free im free and no more chains are holdin me  smile  (live free-lecrae) fo sho haha
had fun with <propfemale> last night  playful  and today was a good day with the fam[ily] and had some nice relaxing alone time in my new room in my new house today while daddy-oh worked on the basement  i tired  playful 
"everyone holds a gun deep inside, its just a matter of how much you let it slide  wash it off take the loss let it go  (hurt-tfk)"
it hurts a little when you realize someone is lying to you   then they lie about lying   tired of lies theirs no point to them    grr  annoyed 
this is me checking out cuz im tired of people at the moment    gonna turn off my phone for a while  and i dont plan on coming on here much either  so if i dont reply to a text or anything dont take it personaly    if i do you're lucky  later 
"wash it off, take the loss, let it go  smile  (hurt-tfk)"
"i’m not here to place the blame, cuz although we’re not, we’re all the same (learn to breath-thousandfootkrutch)"
"if what's true to you is true for you and what's true to me is true for me, well    what if my truth says yours is a lie    is it still true?"
"i cant stay mad at people or not forgive them even if i want to stay mad at them    grr lol  i do know how to walk away when needed though, well with a little help lol  playful "
d: imma capricorn now    i liked aquarious better > sad  stupid astrological stuffbi don't like you any way! so take that! ha  smile  yay i feel better now  playful  night everyone
"honestly, i just feel like being single right now, its what im happy with, and im trying to get closer to god (the only \other half\"" i need)  guys can talk to me i dont mind that im just tired of being hit on by so many guys so often    i dont like all their fancey words to try and catch my heart    im in high school    im not gonna fall in true love for a while yet    just sayin   """
wow     elk river school district wouldnt care if we froze to death on our way to school    i hope the busses wont start bwahahahahahaha  just sayin o o
 love  i love to draw graffiti  smile 
 love  thousand foot krutch
"i hate when you look at me and i can see the hurt you hold within    but i cant help you    we wont ever even be talkin    but i cant help but feel for you    wish i could reach out    make you feel better    knock all the bad stuff, hurtful stuff right on out    i wish i could make it all better    for you, i hurt "
"mmmmm  smile  caribou, what a wonderful way to start off the day "
it hurts when you need me and i can't break your fall it hurts when you can't see and it hurts and it hurts when you're lonely and i'm standing right beside you there and it hurt when you told me that you told me that you tried this on your own hope you never hurt hope you never cry hope you never lose your way tonight hope you never crumble hope you never fall hope you never throw away the (hurt -tfk)
allies gps: turn left turn right then turn left hahahhhahahahahhaha
lets go back to when you werent an addict    when ya werent chasin after it    remember how happy you were then    then all that stuff started happenin    then you went runnin right back    let take a trip on back    lets look at the past    remeber when you were clean    how happy you were then    go back to that   
losing your very best friend breaks your heart worse then losing your first love    just sayin     sad  it's been so long since we've been talkin   
goin to bed early tonight     smile 
according to <propfirst> imma playa imma playa hahahahaha  playful  oh please i can't help who's chasin after me haha 
faith: its what keeps me going  smile 
"their are some things in my life that i dont want to talk about and really arent anyones business    no you dont need to know every aspect of my life    only god does ok i deal through him not you, if i want your help i will ask for it! gah!"
"sometimes love, feels like pain, and sometimes i wonder if it's all the same, sometimes life, feels just like rain, cause you never know, when it's gonna fall down on you sometimes faith, feels like doubt, and sometimes i wonder if we'll even get out, sometimes life hurts just like now, but ya gotta know, it's all gonna come back around(wish you well-thousand foot krutch)"
i want coffee really bad right now  actually i have all day but  still i really want some lol  playful 
so    i think im gonna join the navy     smile 
"tho they're right there with her, her brothers n her sisters a natural born leader even when her peers diss her my girl shes at a crossroads ppl prayin 4 her some r preyin on her magazine ads, sex, drama, smokin marajuana longin 4 a father 2 call her 'daughter' shes part of a generation longin 4 reconciliation n this future that they're facin n this poison that they're tastin my girl i no its love that ur chasin"
"whats to fear when you have god by your side? the most powerful and magnificent being to ever be  nothing can over power or trick him  when you have him standing next to you why would you even have reson to fear, you have the most feared being protecting you     smile  just sayin"
sleep would be nice right about now     annoyed 
i want my big brother here  crying  now! i need him   
blah day today    hangin out with <propmale> and <propmale> soon though hopefuly that will help 
had a good night with <propmale> weinand and <propfemale> collins  smile  they made my day better and made me smile and laugh  smile  my day didnt start so great but it ended just fine  smile  thanks guys i love you both!
"moving this weekend  help needed! let me know if you are able to help at all  any time tomorrow, we're gonne be movin all day!"
in the truck on the way to the house  me kiss looks in back* thats an ugly picture  dad: that pink 1? me: yes  dad: thats goin in ur bathroom  me:   o o no its not 
i wanna hold you high and steal your pain away   
my poor superman hat    <propmale> you better take good care of that hat! it's my favorite  smile 
exhausted     just need to rest     annoyed 
i'm comin home i'm comin home tell the world i'm comin home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm comin home i'm comin home tell the world that i'm comin home ain't no stoppin us now i love that song every time i hear it i feel strong!(i'm comin home-p  diddy)  love 
aye bay bay let it play thats my song turn it up!  playful 
"<propmale> weinand you are amazing! thank you so much for helping me do what i needed to for myself, keepin me from gettin myself hurt yet again  dont forget our deal  smile  haha fun night  see you soon  {over all, good day today smile }"
for you i will (confidence)- <propmale> geiger  oh snap! lol 
who woulda thought? lol  smile 
soooooooo it's almost my birthday  smile  and i'm excited cuz it's in just over an hour  smile  and <propfemale> <propfirst> and superman are totaly gonna have a great time after superman makes sure the world is safe lol aka me and <propmale> are hangin out after he gets off work  smile  so it will be a great birthday  smile  p s  i love my big brother can't wait for him to be home  smile 
pretty sure i cant wait for my brother to be home  smile 
you can be the peanut butter to my jelly you can be the butterflies i feel in my belly you can be the captain and i can be your first mate you can be the chills that i feel on our first date you can be the hero and i can be your side kick you can be the tear that i cry if we ever split you can be the rain from the cloud when it's stormin' or you can be the sun when it shines in the mornin'
but if words could e playful lain every feeling you have for someone you love then whats the fun much less the point because the time spent together is what helps e playful lain it  words dont have to e playful lain everything nor should they  smile 
"dint tell someone you know what they are going through or you know how they feel cuz no matter how simmilar the situation you are still two seperate people that handle, deal with and comprehend things in different ways    so please dont tell somone you know when you can only imagine   "
i’m on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shines ain’t always gonna be gold
i love you <propmale> weinand  smile  you make my world go round and my problems disappear!  smile 
so    my dad pretty much just shredded my heart in a million pieces   
i got a plan  smile 
why is it that the i spend hardly any time at home are a million times better than those i spend more at home? hmmm    i believe that says something  any way good evening with <propmale> today  smile 
its all gonna be ok    no matter what    cuz i got you     smile 
had a good night with <propmale>  smile  grr he makes me so happy  playful 
i'm in the business of misery let's take it from the top    i never meant to brag but    well you know how it goes 
"it's not my fault so please don't trip, don't hate me cuz i'm beatiful  now do the pretty girl rock "
wow   love how my parents give me permission to date <propmale> then start talking crap about it on here     thanks love you too guys   
"not much sleep last night, got kicked out of class, phone taken away, hit in the eye durring gym with hard plastic hockey ball    good day? i'd like to think so lol "
 love  2 13 11  smile 
"ohh, you think you high but you really getting low yeah, you gon' hate it but i had to let you know that in the end we all gon' die, can't escape it if you try i know your lighters up but i'ma blow your high i'ma blow your high i'ma blow your high i know you're trying to free your mind but you just wasting time n jesus is alive(blow your high-lecrae)"
think im gonna go to the dont waste your life(dwyl) tour on march 30 feat  lecrae trip <propfirst> flame and tedashii  laugh   at club 3 degrees fun stuff!
"lets write this in ink not pencile no never, cuz i dont wanna forget this ever, but only if we last forever  smile "
falling in love doesnt happen when you think it will and it never happens the way you  e playful ect it to   love 
i hate this  i dont understand how friends can just let you go when you're still holding on  sad  they say they will be there then whe you try n talk to them they dont write one word back to you    they just flat out stop    and it breaks your heart  yea i hate this   
grrr!!! ugh    o o mmhmm    that is all thank you   
"yuck  don't feel good at all  head ache, runny nose, and a sore throught  but have to get hair colored for prom today or it wont get done  leaving soon then work till 11    gah    if i dont start feeling better i may be forced to call in     sad "
so i shouldnt be missing anything in gvt or child dev  cuz i turned in all my late stuff about a week ago and its still not in the books so i have bad grades    eff that 
