5a5dc4d08cbee5b162b962e7be99a004
"my new years resolution, to think of 'em as i go "
the yes no game think i'm gay or sumtin  messed up 
ugh! like this if u hate hw 
someone please e playful lain 2 me y cookie monster isn't fat?
adrenaline rush!!! tomorrow!
wanna get some recording of performing a song  here goes nothin 
procrastinatin is way more fun when u don't have to worry bout gettin a bad grade on a certain 400 word essay 
anyone in honors world history know how many sources we need to use for the essay?
"yes! finished! that essay was pretty easy, but i think i did a horrible job "
wrestling team started as janitors today
everyday there are less wrestling janitors  wassup wit dat?!
"u gotta do what u want 2 da most  sorry wrestling, i already had piano planned"
k guys  gonna go 4 my learners permit online  wish me luck
one of da best days ever!
oh yeah! just finished day 1 of wrestling condition  woo! just gettin started babay!
gonna get this wrestlin thing down packed! got new song book with all beatles songs 4 all instruments played in each song! hmu if u interested 
does anyone know if they hold a talent show at school? i've heard of sumtin like dat  or is it a fashion show or sumtin? i dunno  just wanna kno the first 
"like 4 <propfirst> cabauy, geovanni hernandez, <propfirst> pereira, <propmale> suarez, and i, <propmale> <propfirst> hernandez (maybe not everyone mentioned) to do a totally awesome and epic rock show if there is ever a talent show at school "
"awesome wrestling practice today!!! we got to wrestle for real kinda  it was    awesome!!! sweatin like a flood, smellin like a dog, struggling like a prey fallen victim to it's preadator  all that and i'd do it again in a heart beat!!! (like my other post reffering to most epic rock performane that would be totally awesome, by me, geo, <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>, who are all from school, duh, at school  other post)"
anyone from school wanna make an epic vid at school? the more the better! like!
this homecoming week gonna b epicly homecomingish! gonna wing the outfits 
"50 items?! does that literally mean 50 \items\"" or just 50 visible things?!"""
"good day  hopefully no one bit the dust, but tons of <propfemale>  party up!"
"in <propfemale>, aftr wrestlin practice i'd b considered an untouchable  u wouldn't want 2 touch me or mess with me(mostly cause you wouldn't wanna touch me)  great practice 2day though  saw dat i can use much improvement  dat's wat practice is 4! 2morrow theme day  gonna c how hippie i go  need 2 get a band name, den c how i manage 2 get \our\"" band 2gether 2 practice """
"good day  fine wrestling practice  getting better  it may be homecoming week, but doesn't mean i don't miss the weekend  hope to get my band together on saturday  let me see how many people i can get to come "
"<propfirst> cabauy, dude  we 4got led zep! u gotta likee zeppelin! gotta b up there with g'n'r, beatles, <propfemale>, wings, mccartney, <propfirst>, and etc  <- lol, english error  u get the point!"
short practice today  now i get to practice my musical instruments  yay!
"short practice today, but still worth showin' to  gettin' better, but far from where i should b  did good, but definitely got wooped by <propfirst>! it's e playful ected  ran 2 extra laps and 1 perimeter wit <propmale> in the rain  gonna try to get my band together on saturday  let's c da showup  remember, i at least wanna perform once at school  it would be epic! for lack of better terms and enthusiasm "
"most ppl won't get this  mainly 1 person  i likely won't become a famous musician or rockstar!!! it\s like ! in a million!"""
"no wrestlin practice 2day 4 me  piano time! one of my favorite things 2 do is play the piano, if not my fave! not sure bout goin 2 homecoming game  gonna try 2 make it "
some re-re tryin' to sayin that public school better than private school and some other stuff 'bout the students  sad really cuz he's really stupid  i say private is better  which you think?
"lol, i got too many ppl 4 my band  i only needed 4, including me  it's very workable, but not what i wanted  i've got a prob on my hands  let me see how i work this out "
"if anyone has any song suggestions, please visit my group <propfemale> and post all song suggestions there!!! go to cry 4 a shadow"
"epicness is accomplished thru thin chances of success, large stakes, and overall ownage in the end  doesn't take much for 4 u 2 epicly fail & turn the epicness into epic failure "
"thank you everybody i have asked for an epic song suggestion  thank you <propfirst> pereira, geovanni hernandez, sarahh <propmale> villar, jocelynn bermúdez, and <propfirst> bermúdez for giving me at least one song suggestion  the whole list is at cry 4 a shadow  check it out! and still willing to take more suggestions from anybody at all!!! post on cry 4 a shadow link!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     "
"good practice  tiring, but gotta keep up the pace  need 2 pick up the grades  scared they not b at my pontential  slacking in my piano  i hope things turn out 4 the better withthe effort i put in  overall, i still have a hold on my life and everything's good  still standing "
"wrestling practice was good,but dat's not why i feel so good bout myself right now i lead a good man who had lost his way back on da right track he's goin da right way, but there r stil difficult obstacles he wil b reintroduced 2 his ultimate father,god,&b saved 4 eternity!i got him to go dis sunday 2 church hopefully he won't fall into the same sinful ways & be stuck, drowning in that ocean of darkness "
just remembered the most epic fight i've ever seen! an army of ants vs a roach! they were fighting in the cafeteria over a scrap of food  i saw the outcome  so une playful ected!!!
"not gonna lie, today was the easiest practice, & it was fun doin those rolls then walkin like i was drunk  love the mouth piece  gives an excuse 2 make wierd & funny faces  hope i'm able 2 lose my  8 pounds i need 2 left (so easy)  & i need someones help from wrestling, i dunno what 2 wear for saturday  we need a uniform or we buy our own or dress how we do 4 practice? i dunno & i can't make it 2morrow "
"war vets r awesome!!! they hav done a great job and owe a lot to them 4 even being alive in <propfemale>!!! god bless u, god bless me, and god bless the usa!!!"
"well, hav 2 lose like 5 lbs 4 wrestling  wearing sum ridiculous stuff  let's c if i make it  like if u think i will!"
"man, i got owned at that wrestling classic at heritage  but still, good job guys on 3rd place! not so cool, but better than last "
what hap 2 like the 2 3 of the 9th grade dat didn't go 2 raffuels' party???
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this "
"man, have 2 quit da team  i'm failing geometry  feel like i let da team down  others cud say dat it wsn't my fault, but it actually was  i shud have dedicated more time 2 studyin 2 avoid making a decision like this  i guess these are the factors in life that make you or break you, making tough decisions and doin whatcha gotta do "
"finally!!!! beatles on itunes!!!! woooooooooohooooooooooo!!!!!!!! now i can get like, the two or three albums i'm missing!!!! beatles freak baby!!!"
"fb, i'mma let u finish      but myspace had one of the best records 4 havin the most users on the web of all time  all time!!!"
like if u like or hav rb3 or black ops for 360!
like if u like 2 party or just go wild!
"i hope you all have a happy thanksgiving! hope you all enjoy being with the fam, stuffing your faces with turky & stuffing, and most of all, giving thanks to god  he is the ultimate reason for today and everyday "
video ppl? anyone wanna make a video?? funny??? semi-epic???? total fail????? totally serious!!!!!! i have an idea!!!!!!!(unlike last time)
go go power rangers!!!!!!!!!!
"i don't like being negative  i ended a good day in a bad, but important way  & it wasn't even my fault  i've never asked this, but please pray for my situation  everything is crumbling as a whole before me even when i take action  i can't do it on my own "
"\here comes the sun\"" -<propfirst>  \""it's midnight!\"" - <propfirst>  \""what have you been smoking my friend?\"" -<propfirst>  \""wait     !\"" -ringo"""
"everybody!!! anyone want 2 b invoved in the biggest game of manhunt ever?!?!?!? like if you do and i'll giv u all the info! anybody and everybody welcome! all genders  , ages, and ppl welcome 2 go! like now!"
"how is it that i can be destroyin my future & myself!? double-handedly!!!? cuz i kno i'm tryin! & i kno i'm better than this! i kno i can do it, i just can't find it in myself 4 sum reason "
yes!!! freakin 88 on a geometry quiz after a 65 streak!!! 100 on a world history quiz afta a 2x 77 streak!!! & da most epic endin' at schoo!!!! turnin it 'round baby!!! goin' all     da    way!!! ho-ho-hoyeahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i should b prez! cuz i run dis! i own da system! <propmale> 4 prez!!!! 'member! a vote 4 efe is a vote 4      ummm     lil efe (me)!!!
can anybody from geometry honors tell me friday's hw?
me  laugh  !!!!!
"well the rain e playful loded with a mighty crash as we fell into the sun  & the first one said to the second one there, \i hope you're having fun!\"""""
watchout world! here comes the new greatest song composer! or at least an attempt 
"i wanna do sumtin dat's not really me  gonna try 2 make a song dat's different then what i would make  anyone willing to let me use their name in the song, please like & comment any nicknames u hav if any  i wanna use ur names in the lyrics to tell real-life situations like at school & elsewhere "
i am efey  lil efe  efe  lil elf  fee fee  elf man!!!
"notice 6 is almost never a good or enjoyable #, and 7 is  some know 6 as the devil's number or # of da beast, and 7 is sumtin like jesus' fave #  ex: ther r 7 days in a week of life given 2 us that is counted  six of those days r spent working, cuz seriously, evrybody knows dat u procrastinated & left work 4 da weekend  on da other hand, 7 gets u big bucks in a casino, while 6 isn't even included  coincidence?"
hmu!!!
"u might c me all blue all red all day eryday all blue all red  i'm lil efe  i'm from da 3-0-5  hialeah, florida where i from  i'm a smart kid  i was born 2 b a smart kid  i was born 2 b a smart kid  i was born 2 b a very smart kid  dat's y i b doin like academics "
anybody have an xbox?
"everybody, if u think u got sumtin pretty awesome comment it  hope every1got sumtin awesome, had fun, & recognized the days true purpose "
pain sometimes comes in the form of a pretty face   
looks like i can't go back 2 dcs in '11   
screw goin 2 sleep! i'm textin'!
darn this stomach virus got me pukin so many times! feel horrible!
i really need prayer cause no one can fix this  only a miracle 
bout 2 cause an avalanche in my head  sumtin just clicked 
darn! don't know whether to shave & be clean cut or let a beard & long hair grow for a little messiness!
hopefully i'll be able to post my new song by today 
good day sunshine-the beatles
<propfemale> my dear-the beatles!!!  laugh 
sorry 2 anybody who has ever tried 2 chat w  me & i don't respond    annoyed \ i'm usin the ipod app 4 fb & it doesn't notify me 4 chats  just send a text (my # is in my info) 
what the! how come every spam thing has 2 post on everyone's wall!!!???
plan on puttin up my newly made song  took me months 2 make  who's gonna listen 2 it?!?!?
"2morrow may b the day!!!  laugh  i might put my new song up tomorrow on \the baby grand\"" fb <propfemale>  check 2morrow 2 hear it!!!"""
who wanna go 2 main 2morrow?
"ok ppl! it has to be decided! i'm split between 3! some ppl say i'm zach efron, some say i'm <propfirst> beiber, and some say i'm a beatle! which am i? (i have a feeling i know which i'm closest to in my profile pic)"
haha! now to hw!
   organized once again   
"like & i'll giv u a random face (not mine, 1 like  smile   )"
"i hate this situation w  a passion!!! i used to get kind of sad & nervous but now it's making me go crazy, grow impatient, & pissing me off!"
"lookin 4 a bassist rhythm guitarist electric keyboardist willing to join & help me while writing music! i'm not particularly easy to work w  all the time (i'm a perfectionist) but if you're willing it'll work  ngl, we're not pro, but not too newbish  plz, have some e playful erience, willingness to show up when summoned, & a positive attitude! like now! i'll contact you if you're wanted "
loling is gay
"yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away  now it looks as though they're here to stay  oh, i believe in yesterday  suddenly, i'm not half the man i used to be  there's a shadow hanging over me  oh, yesterday came suddenly "
