4946e247ec298e1c989dd6cb37760ea9
"we need to find people to run security short notice for bowiemas, anyone have ideas?"
"metro trip planner just told me to ride the s l u t, how very odd "
who wants to go drink electric ice tea for nikola tesla's birthday?
"randomly back in town for the night, starting at <propfemale>'s at seven "
has learned to never do pony and the crescent in the same night 
"to all my dear friends in the bay, i'll see you on friday "
"castro disastro!! in other news, i saw a shooting, in real life! wow mommy!!"
"castro disastro was fun, but now it's time for the seattle battle, see you on the dance floor "
is starting an acoustic top 40 band  get ready 
"never, under any circumstance, mix cheap vodka and champagne into the same glass    unless it's a flirtinni, in which case be very careful  god i drank like a seventeen year old last night "
going out to lunch if anyone would like to join 
"to all you forgetful alcoholic drug addicts, it's gretchens birthday, and bitches better give her a call "
"twilight study session, come if you like beer with your home work "
"whos going to fair the trip to the udistrict with me for dans birthday? happy birthday dan't, you're old, and in the way "
"tonight, show at scribble squat with witchs kromosomes and others  then caintlins birthday at the alibi room, then sioux city <propmale> and the beggers, emeralds and more at the black lodge (formerly known as holy mountain     )"
"the bodies exibit was no where near how amazing it was last time  this time around there about 30 less items, very sad  i guess it was still awesome if you've never been at all "
does anyone know how to get a hold of the underground event centers booking people? i've looked on the intronet but found nothing 
"preparing for my national licsensing exan for massage therapy tomorrow, oh so much fun "
"passed my exam, now just two classes and i'm done  thank fucking god "
"birthday today, out all night on the hill, starting early "
"deadly birthday, this is the only birthday i've ever passed out drunk     guess you shouldn't go to a bar that you normally get to drunk at for your birthday, oh pony  thanks to all my friends who came out, ever if you did buy me too many shots "
"last day of school was today, now i'm really finished  i'll be out drinking in a few hours if anyone cares to join "
"well, we figured out the capital of slovakia, but whats the capital of fastvakia?"
"i need help moving crap, anyone have a truck? i'll buy you beer and gas!"
"stuff moved into new place, now need to arrange "
fuck your holiday!!!!!!
"headed to belltown for show at dog park, then probably going to shortys or something "
meeting <propfemale> at bauhaus for coffee in a bit if anyone would like to join 
insomnia!
"oh my god, our asshole neighbors are putting up christmas lights, i think i might puke "
"hey everybody, i'll be out of contact for the next ten day, so if i don't respond to a text, it's not because i hate you  no drinking, no smoking, no talking      here i come  wish me luck "
"one day till bowiemas!! for those of you wondering, there are still tickets but they're starting to sell alot faster now  i will be out on capitol hill selling tickets tonight so come find me if you want to be sure you can get in  the excitement is killing me "
bowiemas photos? anyone?
accordion sold!
unicorn tonight!
"pre funk at my apartment, then tummy ache at can can with performances by, <propfemale> fondue, <propfirst> hell, artstar, and a <propfirst> waters inspired dj set by <propfemale> <propfemale> "
"today i woke up with the memory of shop lifting for the first time since i was 14, and one of those cheesy zodiac lighters for a sign i definately am not "
"due to my fiances intense delirium tremens, the wedding has been postponed  see you all at snackhole!"
"prefunking at pony before come back, see you tonight "
"my neighbor keeps on shouting like a jackass, is there some kind of football thing going on?"
last night my phone was kind enough to delete all 300 contacts i had  fuck my life 
god invented sunlight to punish people for drinking
"i had a dream that i had a new born little brother named pippo, he was fucking rad "
"why am i set with circadian rhythms that don't allow me to live a perfectly normal socially acceptable life style? oh yeah because thats fucking boring  just because i don't like to work incredibly early, doesnt mean i don't work, it just means i don't work at the same time as you  burn in hell you squares "
"to anyone thinking of going into massage therapy, be sure to test to see if you can handle hours of bat shit crazy new age music   just a thought "
"we're doing a full drag outing to woodland park zoo once the weather is nice again, transportation will be provided  sign up below "
easter egg hunt with airplane bottles inside = amazing
"moving out of my place by the end of the month, not sure where i'm going     any rooms on the hill?"
"still looking for a new room mate, either willing to find a new place, or move in somewhere  our lease is up and my room mate wants to move to far off the hill for me "
"hey everybody, i need to practice craniosacral again before i start working on the public, just a few refresher sessions  so, if you'd like to have your cranial bones adjusted  just let me know! if you have no idea what i'm talking about read here: http annoyed  upledger com content asp?id=26"
"so, the new cocorosie is pretty much an audiogasm "
"um    the lobby makes me homophobic, never coming back here!"
trannys make the world go round 
"going thai food, call if want join "
"finding 20 dollar$ + new awesome <propfemale> size bed + epic brunch = amazing day, and its only 1 o'clock"
does anyone have any idea how hard it is to find a toy <propfirst> run in this town? i'm not going to northgate for a fucking <propfirst> gun 
i'm in the lobby of the w and they're playing the gayest music ever  this is just uncalled for 
i dropped my phone in a bowl of pho yesterday 
"who do i know, that needs a place to live?"
"if anyone sees my blue dickies sweat shirt with a blackbird raum back patch, and a brown heart patch, could you please grab it off the person wearing it for me "
"we've got a tattoo machine and a half gallon at my apartment, come over for free tattoos!!!"
"true blood party tonight, give me a ring "
i just gave a massage to the president of mikes hard lemonade  how random 
so my room mate is moving out and im contemplating what to do with the room     ball pit?
"i had, so much fun, last night  and i missed the parade, and i really don't care "
"crazy meth addict neighbor downstiars says i'm too loud, which i probably am, but he's a meth addict so he doesnt have any rights  i'll have to figure out to get him evicted now  ugh "
"as of today, i live alone    and it's already fucking amazing "
"1rottenwoodway reunion tonight! bring wine, food, and instruments  see you in the thickets!"
at home depot buying a fucking air conditioner 
there's a bunch of kids rolling on x behind me on the bus    i don't think this day could get any better 
"playing music alone is starting to get really boring     anyone out there want to play some romani balkan crazy party time? seeking    another fiddle, rotary trupmet, accordion! guitar, singer! anything, fucking anything "
cooking deliciouse curry wraps at my apartment if anyones hungry 
writing legal letters at three in the morning so your landlord doesn't come spray your apartment with disgusting pesticides is exhausting  good night  and long live the hereby undersigned 
lounge night at thye mercury tonight! smoking inside and classy attire! hope to see you in your best suit with a nat <propmale> hanging out of your mouth 
hercules and love affair = amazing
"no sleep, body aches, need epsom salt bath "
"in a wonderful mood, day off tomorrow  going out for a night cap "
just lost 12 gigs of music from my laptop getting a virus  please bring your ipods to me so i can copy away 
getting into drag and heading to the eagle for fringe!!
see you in a few hours bay area!
"i love, my bed   and the rain  home home home "
"i just had a stray cat come in through my window, then proceed to freak the fuck out, and knock over my lamp, hookah, candles, several house plants and music stand  i hate animals "
does anybody know how to get a hold of the guy who does the booking for the underground event center? he gave us an email address but we cant seem to read the handwriting and or the email just doesn't work 
"sioux city <propmale> and the beggars show tonight at fun house, as for now, amazing drinks made by jawn wakefield at shortys "
"having late dinner at quinns, wondering what there is to do on a sleepy tuesday in seattle "
goin to pony for dirty deeds 
"well, someone stole my card <propfirst> and charged $632 32 to my bank account     leaving me with no money and a bunch of running around to do  oh well, i had a really awesome day yesterday so things could be worse "
about to leave for sf  mission burrito here i come!!
day of the dead was so amazing and intense 
"its my birthday at midnight, yet again i havent planned anything  i will be getting people together tomorrow though  so be prepared!"
last minute but    does anyone have large speakers for dancing at my birthday party tonight?
"thanks everyone who came last night, i had an amazing night "
e playful loding power lines and <propfemale> in the dark at the unicorn!
off to get thai soup  who wants to get a bottle of whiskey and stick it in the snow while making some sort of snow man monster?
"\yeah rock n' roll whooo!\"" \""no i said wrong hole!!\"""""
"ten foot tall time traveling trannys from out space, the north pole, quantum mechanics and fate as fact or fiction   nicoderm patches can produce some fantastic dreams "
"bowiemas tickets now on sale to friends, they'll go on public sale next week at moksha, until then just find me on the hill!"
"going to south <propfemale>, apparently, it's snowing there "
"back from the airport, hanging out at my house if anyone feels like a nightcap "
"so it looks like were going to sell out of bowiemas by most likely tomorrow, maybe early the next day so pllleease go get your tickets as soon as you can!"
<propfemale> bowiemas everybody!!! i'm so excited to see you all there tonight!
"hey everybody, i'm doing massage out of my house until tuesday before my trip  i have a couple people but still have more time, let me know!"
