02a4a748667fbe86b9b75c66c6200994
"attention a tous:  there is a local haiti relief mission being organized that needs participants  they are taking a charter plane to haiti for a 3-week mission, starting next wednesday  the mission is still trying to fill seats on the plane (no cost to you)  if interested, go to utahhospitaltaskforce org "
"is ready to disappear again, maybe forever this time "
"is now nothing more than a rock   don't ask me for emotions, because they no longer exist   i give up on trying to live and will become nothing more than cold hard stone "
"is doing a little better, thanks everyone!"
"is lerarning about gravity   what goes up, mustcome down   stupid rollercoasters    >---- heart-broken ----->"
asks the question      why??
had a good interview today   keep me in your hearts and helpl me get the job  smile 
"you should let me know anyway   i did get the job, but its only part time and 9 an hour   where is it and what are the details?"
tout-ce que je veux en <propfemale> vie est d'aider <propmale> autres a etre heureux   vous etes aimé   n'oubliez ja<propfemale>is cela   je vous aime   souvenez vous 
"i need to get out of this state   far away  maybe out of the country for a while   if anyone knows of any opportunities coming up, let me know "
                   
"i`m done with allowing people to take advantage of my good nature  this is the last time i let it happen  i can only be pushed so far before i break, but it is possible and it finally happened  i'm going to miss the old me         "
"for all those trying to text or call me, i lost my phone   i should be able to get a new one soon, hopefully tomorrow, but i won't have any phone <propfirst> anymore, i'll post when i get it back so people can text me with their number's again "
"ok, i have a phone again   start texting me <propfirst> with your name so i can add contact info back into my phone   801-577-2847   kkthxbai  smile "
"i have decided that i am going to manifest a car within a month   i may not be out at the parties as much, but this is a reality that i will make happen!  if anyone knows of a car that is for sale that is good quality and can be used for traveling within the us, let me know   i plan on having the money i need by mid august   love you all  laugh "
"selling a ticket to burning man, $270  message me if you want it   thanks!"
je t'aime tous <propfemale> monde   souvenez-vous de moi   i love you!  ~namaste~
"i think i finally have everything worked out for my portland situation   all you great manifesters, please help my dreams come true!  i love you all! ~namaste~"
"remembering some of the best advice i ever gave myself for friendships, relationships and a way of life    your love for someone should always exceed your need for that person   i love you all   create love and beauty in all you do and share your heart with all those around you   we all need it "
"<propmale> gave zach a mix of music at evolution that i just started listening to today   it's called luvstep   i think there are a few different ones, but the one i have is amazing   intro makes me tear up every time i listen to it \the end of the mix says,"
\there are only 4 questions of value in life \,02a4a748667fbe86b9b75c66c6200994,"how am i ever supposed to get any sleep tonight         flying home to utah tomorrow to spend time with zach, and the rest of my family (friend family too)    i way to excited to sleep   this is just like christmas <propfemale> as a kid!"
"just rode my bike past walmart on the way home   two kids ran out of the store with a few 30 packs of beer and drove away before anyone could catch em   now there's something you don't see every night in a small town in idaho, lol "
"be careful what you manifest, you just might get it!"
"if you see this post and it is not too late, go to doasone com by 11:11 \tonight (pst) on 11 11 and breath together   we are trying to get 10 000 \people breathing as one all over the world   i should have posted this \sooner, but i just got off work!"
"i was closing at work tonight, really wishing i had brought \my ipod so i could listen to some music while i closed, and \suddenly, the glitch mob starts playing!  it took me\ a minute to realize where it was coming from, but it was just a tv ad   either way, it seems like our music is slipping more and \more into the mainstream   once that happens, you know that a different \thought process is sure to follow!"
<propfirst> pins are the greatest invention of modern man!
coming down to slc from the 3rd of feb  until the 7th   hope to see as many of you as i can   love you all and see you soon!
"dance as though no one is watching you,\love as though you have never been hurt before,\sing as though no one can hear you,\live as though heaven is on earth \\souza "
