821ea0fbdbce5e696e4e42699a60ccbe
i've got the cure for you   the cure by <propfemale> and <propfemale> from sainthood 
left4dead 2 is going to be soooo good   love it   played the demo already   can't wait for it to come out!
on directing- <propfemale> and sara    i recommend  (i actually recommend all thier songs but for now   as todays song   on directing )
"ok so i'm in class, shouldn't really be on here but nothing is happening   seriously   when's class starting?"
"lmao, my cat just horridly sneezed out of no where and my reaction \wasn't human\"" because of how une playful ected i felt it was """
would you take a straight and narrow critical look at me?        smile 
doctors & dealers- dirty pretty things    not exactly on my mind but its passing through my ears to get there 
"i am insane      i have submitted 1,116 tweets "
happy thanksgiving everyone   smile 
i totally knew it!  its about time rihanna!
30 second to mars song hurricane is such an awesome song    minus kanye west 
sugar spell it out 
"i know this is already late, but really?  how could someone not know they are pregnant?"
you know what    she totally knew she was pregnant   she had to   i bet she kept it quite to compete!   playful 
the runaways is going to be an awesome movie   js 
"is it better than keeping my mouth shut? that goes without saying  call, break it off  call, break my heart "
why am i up this late drawing?!
type your name in googlism <propfemale> com     it could be a little funny    smile 
i believe that this is the 4th time my virtual pet is taken away    
i want a dalmation to name it splatter teach it to sniff out my phone   it would be loads of help if i ever lost it and splatter would be an awesome name 
"edit :  \     splatter & teach   \"""""
the xx are stuck in my head    smile 
"''97% of teenagers would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison standing on the top of the skyscraper, preparing to jump  if you are on of those in 3%, who would sit, take popcorn, and yell ''make a salto!'' copy this in your status ''"
i just skipped two lady gaga songs on my ipod 
"this is so une playful ected, but did <propfemale> tweet?!"
i felt pretty stunned all afternoon today    
all eyes are on me now 
"lol ok that was inappropriate, sorry, but i finished watching that and fb is tempting "
putting together a l4d l4d2 short story    surprise 
"from the looks of it, all is clear   "
how can someone hold on to something that was never in their grasp?
i'm searching for the words inside my head 
want to go swimming with the octopi?
"robot, fix yourself "
"<propfemale> and <propfemale> - \nineteen\""  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=seucqyuwhbw"""
"\it's not that i keep hanging on     i'm never letting go \"""""
"such a strong song   \divided\"" - <propfemale> and <propfemale> http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=b-rotca1n_i  i just wish the audience didn't scream so much when they sing    annoyed """
how can you e playful ect to win this war if you're too afraid to fight?
i really don't know if i'll be able to sleep tonight      surprise 
hard hearted don't worry i'm ready for a fight 
"robots can't love, but cyborgs can "
be a robot now   you can be human later 
i get my stubburnness from my grandma   something i rediscovered yesterday    smile 
sooo disconnected with everything  
a i  artificial intelligence   that's what i'm going to watch  again 
11:11 pm 
no one should feel embarrassed to listen to music  doesn't matter who the artist is  do you like it? listen 
i'm a loose bolt of a complete machine 
"the keyboard on my phone isn't working properly   i have to retype everything  of all the little things that could possibly frustrate me, it's the keyboard   haha"
i need to break out of my shyness!
i'm so confused  i wouldn't hesitate to trade minds with someone 
"you're so brilliant, don't soon forget  #lyrics"
i've been in such a pensive mood lately 
like my status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3 myfirst memory of you 4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask somethingi've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you 7    give you a weird nickname  8  what's on my shirt right now  9  challenge you to post this
"1\ in 10 people born is gay  that means 1 in 10 people are instantly put \down, labeled, put in the minority and often worse   all for something \they didn't ask for  many gay teens commit suicide as a way of escaping \ if you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for \   who they are, copy and paste this     most of you won't, but let's \see the 5% of you who will "
fighting the urge to pick my phone up   
it's all ok  it's going to be ok 
grey's anatomy tonight is going to be a shaker! it'll shake me at least  going to be an interesting episode  documentary style  maybe i'm too excited  we'll see 
cranberries   are the ninja fruit 
i'm not going to sleep tonight  i caught a nickel size spider crawling into my room   
"2010\ is almost over, confess something you have always wanted to tell me \(inbox only) put this as your status you might be suprised!"
all was <propfemale> when the day met the night 
"   & so i'm offering this simple phrase for kids from one to ninety-two, although it's been said many times, many ways <propfemale> christmas to you   smile "
our instructor has jury duty today  nice! waiting for the sign in sheet   yush
"it's currently a hundred degrees in my house  ok, it just feels like it's in the hundreds  i have to admit i'm surviving fairly well  i'm a champ  anyway, so i also got a new phone  be warned though, i haven't texted in a million years so i take a while to reply & calls, well calls are ok, too  this is officially my first march update and could definitely possibly be the last  who knows  haha"
