e79ed66108212a851ff65c581b15e4f6
you can do it!
thank goodness for ac
quiero aprender a hablar espanol con fluidez
"this thanksgiving, <propfemale> the time spent with your family as a reminder of why you moved very far away from your family"
doesn't like gifts unless they are priceless
going to eat fish or pork for new year's  smile 
2011 is almost here!! happy new year everyone!!
"may your year be filled with more 1's than 2's, whatever that means in a good way   happy 1-1-2011 11:11"
"yeah, pretty thankful i don't have breast cancer   thanks"
what are your reasons for waking up between the hours of 6 and 7 in the morning?
earthquake as i'm typing!!!
why is there always a super long wait at the dmv?
yesterday you said tomorrow
"does anyone want to go to universal studios? text \when?\"" to 7148370505 """
 smile 
i love this gorgeous weather
saw a puppy with a red pair of rhinestone sunglasses that fits its face - too cute
pay attention to what you are doing please
"my dad asked me if i know anything about 30 thang 4 and i thought to  myself, of course i do!  then i e playful lained it to him   and afterwards he  thought to himself, that was good enough "
what is the next step to a <propfemale> water bottle cap? plastic water bags with a straw maybe?
a day to celebrate   thank you moms!
wow i don't even watch the games at all!
who here has excellent vision without glasses or contacts?  i'm so jealous 
"hey facebook, you should add a section called dislikes and turn-offs"
\by the time a man realizes that maybe his father\,e79ed66108212a851ff65c581b15e4f6,"free as a bird after lunch tomorrow, some torture for the past six weeks "
just found a missing contact lens from over a month ago on my bathroom floor where it is proned to be stepped on   like wow?!
"searching for better internet service provider for the house   recommendations, anyone?"
8-9-10 11:12 am pm
"my new phone is on the way, yay!"
when is it time to stop calculating risks and rewards and just do what you know is right? hmm idk
"it's too hot, i might end up wearing a bikini around the house"
dad asked if any of us wanted to go grocery shopping with him   later he came in the room and gave me a fresh coconut but i was on the phone so he left it on my desk with a straw next to it 
i wonder how often people call each other up just to talk about nothing at all   i miss those younger days when i would call a friend from my house phone and sometimes a parent would answer the phone   maybe i'm just emo because it's kind of raining 
"gmail undo after hitting sent is amazing, makes my heart race every time"
"anyone interested in be a tutor? we are in urgent need of someone who can tutor ap euro   if you're interested or know someone who might be interested, please let me know   other subjects are considered as well   thanks "
you know you're busy when people's lips are moving and you're not listening 
"specific request for english majors - if you're interested in being a tutor or know someone that is, please let me know asap   thanks "
"\we can have facts without thinking but we cannot have thinking without facts \"""""
"it feels nice to have found something you've been looking for all this time, aka my sunglasses "
\for each new morning with its light,\e79ed66108212a851ff65c581b15e4f6,"i like apple juice, but not apples"
the best gift you can give anyone is your time 
"what i want for christmas this year: random hand written notes or pictures in the mail from the least e playful ected person i know on facebook  please send to 8142 19th st  #c westminster, ca 92683  smile "
i'm starting to not like the rain very much   my car battery is dead and i don't have an umbrella 
happy holidays!!
i love this <propfemale> winter weather so much!!
i kinda don't want to switch to the new profile 
"today a 3-year-old little girl navigated through my iphone like she knew about it before she was even born, what the heck man"
"anyone interested in tutoring 12th grade english 4x week in laguna beach, please let me know asap   thanks!"
happy birthday to me!!! first 10 people to wish me a happy birthday get two kisses (hershey's white chocolate)!!
"thank you for making me feel special on my birthday with all your wall posts!! i now owe the following people hershey's white chocolate kisses: <propfirst> javá <propfirst> , <propmale> nguyen , mitom pham , <propfirst> sneed , <propfemale> nguyen , <propfemale> vu , <propfemale> ngo , <propmale> chhiu , dat <propfemale> , and <propfemale> <propfemale>   i had an amazing day!! thank you so much!"
to eat because i'm hungry or to take a nap because i'm sleepy   i think food wins every time
i don't understand the purpose of poking or being poked
"\i wish there was a button i could press that would zap you with electricity \"""""
one day i would like to wake up really early and go to the beach to watch the sun rise
it's hot out but no ice cream for you today   wow i think i just read your mind did i not?
chewable vitamins taste gross
why are they putting a traffic camera on westminster and newland? i don't like it
free car wash for everybody!! just take your car outside
"hangman with a second grader: \it's something that you use   and it's full \""  answer: useful"""
"happy n?m tân mão 2011!! my wish for you this year annoyed \\may peace break into your house and may thieves come to steal your debts\",e79ed66108212a851ff65c581b15e4f6,i think asian hip hop kids need better dance clothes   <propfirst> <propfemale> is the mc this year!! go vu!!
anyone watching the superbowl? not me
"\a man in love is not complete until he is married  then he is finished \"""""
"is it weird to say that i don't have a taste for chocolate <propfemale> or desserts, except for the white chocolate at starbucks?  it tastes so gooooooddd"
some people ask too many questions that they can really answer themselves if they would just take some time to think a little bit harder
is there anything else grosser than phlegm right now within my vicinity? nope
"wow, shut up rain! be careful on the road folks"
i'm hungry
"multiple viewpoints are better than one, that's for sure"
i love hot cheetos puffs!!! but i don't like spicy food   
"anyone interested in tutoring ap physics? two students will be tutored at the same time, tth 3-4 smile 0pm in garden grove   please let me know asap if you are available   thanks!!"
just got a jury summons   let's hope i don't get picked please
