6bd254baee4c5b1e8ae7aa812cc80c92
going crazy
why does it always rain on me?
www superfly fm
"   also called \formula generator no  1\"" or \""the new einstein\""   """
new record: gotten up three hours after the alarm clock rang   
should really start working and quit daydreaming   
the prospect of flymeeting at four freezes all my creativity    if there's yet any left
bin so ein trottel   
ist es ein hund oder eine dampfmaschine?
just ordered shoes for kalle   
i want my own ford transit 
"   just invented \blätterteigtaschen mit birnen-zimt-rum-füllung\""  at least in the oven they look delicious    and the smell!"""
feeling sick  sad 
das war <propfemale> wie weihnachten und endlos-shoppingtour in einem    bin immer noch ganz berauscht  wink 
fast schon im urlaub   
jetzt schlafen und morgen fruuuuueeeeeeehhhhh aufstehen!
schon ein land weiter   
back in vienna   
really needs to write a manuscript    but how?
"just booked my flight: 14 1  vienna - la, 20 5  <propfirst> - vienna!!!!"
headache
visa issues are driving me crazy!!! next time i definitely go to another country than the us!
"unsere wände sind dank nando jetzt blutgesprenkelt    und das, obwohl die katze noch gar nicht angekommen ist   "
jetzt schon fix und fertig (nur mit dem packen leider noch nicht)    was fuer ein tag!!!
la rocks    soeben blog aktualisiert 
sooooooo muede 
   flippt gleich aus weil das fotohochladen nicht funktioniert!
na endlich!
in <propfirst> 
warum schlafen bloss alle?
first promising results!!! at least they have survived the first ten minutes   
really exhausted from watching the superbowl 
gewaechshauswetter
just found the mistake in promising results from last week   
"caught the bus home just in time, engines running - except the driver was missing   "
mistwetter    wozu bin ich eigentlich in texas???
biking in <propfirst> is not half as fun if your fingers are too frozen to shift the gears   
"texas is a strange place, full of strange people who are right now freaking out about a little bit of snow     wink "
   faehrt jetzt los ans meer!
lecker kaffee   
what's on my mind? equations    doesn't that sound busy?
"27 grad, gleich gehts los zum campen und klettern   "
close to totally freaking out about work!
why does every single one of my results have to fall apart this week???
spent one week redoing all her calculations just to get the old (and wrong) results again!!!!
can't believe her dashboard is forcasting thunderstorms for 5 out of the next six days   
feels like things are getting better 
back to the usual state of stress and despair   
"is finally beyond random mating, yeah!"
totally sees through female preferences now    at least in theory 
progress boost 
will be crossing the atlantic ocean in exactly four weeks from now   
uncertain 
ab in die wüste   
"has arrived safely in vienna, and has a crazy story to tell    after a nap  wink "
"can you believe that somebody upgraded me to\ business class from washington to vienna? i'm still trying to figure out \whether i was just halluzinating "
got sunburned in vienna!
got the keys for her new apartment!
no internet at my new apartment    which might even mean no internet till monday    but: loooong weekend!!! and it starts exactly    now!
new hair 
and kalle are county champions now and have qualified for the <propmale> cup (dvg-bsp)!!!
"deutschlaaaaand, deutschlaaaaand   !"
just finished the the most amazing letter of recommendation for herself 
donauinselfest!
nothing  tiredness is killing my brain 
some silly person must have accidentally introduced texan weather to vienna   
car broke down the day before the trip to the <propmale> cup    veeeeery nice 
and kalle placed 6th on the dvg <propmale> cup!!!
forgot both her phone and her office key at home  congratulations!
no hawaii in january  sad 
has a cold and kalle has a sore paw    2 days before the nationals 
off to the nationals  silly me 
tanz der vampire!
work sucks so badly  sad 
thanks y'all! finally made it home from a tough workshop day  call me (069919096570) if you want to join for sushi and a cocktail at nestroyplatz now!
@ whoever gave it to me: i did not wish for a cold as a birthday present!
in prague  had a super <propfemale> sightseeing sunday and is now heading for beer and dinner 
gaaaanz allein im büro    sehr ungewohnt 
"\things are looking great \"" (<propfirst> k  at the end of our skype meeting)"""
off to the 60's   
wannabe scientist 
do projectors work with rgb or cmyk colors?
hallo-wien!!
"6 surprise 4am  back home, and face back to almost normal color  tomorrow will be an awesome work day  not as awesome as last night, though     wink "
my nail polish color matches the color of my tea mug  this must be a good day 
spent approximately the whole day approximating approximately unimportant things  approximated time to madness is of order epsilonˆ2 or higher 
"aus der zutatenliste der \instantnudeln garnelengeschmack\"": (fettgedruckt) das produkt kann spuren <propmale> schalentieren enthalten \",6bd254baee4c5b1e8ae7aa812cc80c92,"beautiful <propfemale> sunday wine hike in hohenruppersdorf  train breakdown in bad schweinbarth  are there better names for little niederösterreich villages? saw lots of oil pumps, reminding me of great times in texas (not related to oil pumps though)  let's not talk about the horribly smelling old guy sitting next to me in the train   "
"where is the \restart\"" button for today?"""
don't try to call me    phone is dead for now  guess where i dropped it   sad 
backup phone activated  sim card is still alive  cross your fingers for the recovery of my lovely phone 
"life is soooo hard  you should really work  to compensate, you need some exercise  you go play beachvolleyball  of course, you get hungry, have some sushi and beer  it is very convenient to go for a glühwein afterwards  suddenly, you end up singing karaoke  at least it was a holiday anyways  wink "
has arrived safely in bad salzuflen after 11h and 970km of snowy landscape   
<propfemale> vom flughafen abholen!!!  smile 
hates math 
starting to freeze - our heating broke down last night  sad 
