93c7fc88e856bd32799bfb415f122bbd
"weird, when writing down the locations of each of my classes i unknowingly wrote them in alphabetical order, lol"
likes my phone
like's not having to get out of the pool during rest period!
helping my older sister with her wedding programs!  smile 
"my older sister, new brother in-law, and my baby nephew are staying at my house for 11 days!"
have to retake temps monday  sad 
done with orientation and scheduling classes!
"excited about seeing the baby manatees, bonobos, and polar bears tomorrow "
"so far in college i've learned that math midterm are horrible, that what they mean when they say that the midterm has 6 questions is that it has 6 <propfemale>s with 5-7 questions on each <propfemale>, and that chemistry midterms, luckily, aren't as bad as math midterms, not to mention more honest "
"got an a on my in class essay on thucydides, apparently the key to a good essay in which the class has previously been assigned plato is to continuously ask questions throughout the essay, especially if the essay ends in questions "
"i really hate november, can't wait till december "
apparently i'm to short thin to give blood   sad 
"i think my dog is mad about me going to school, he's normally very well behaved, and now he's started eating my chem text book "
finally finished essay on antigone   now to study some more for my midterms 
"found the shady looking side entrance to evans lab   so i will still need to take my math midterm tonight, as well as a chem midterm after that "
"the old man who looks exactly like a life size version of <propfirst> just walked past, lol!"
going to the zoo tonight!
decorating the house for christmas!  smile 
got to watch <propmale> potter 7 part 1!
why does my computer decide to go crazy whenever i try to do aleks homework 
"finally, aleks and my computer have decided to cooperate!  i got over half of my objectives done in, i think, less than an hour!"
"yeah, snow, and they`re giving out free hot coco at the union!"
"i love this weather, it's just cold enough that the good benches at mirror lake are empty, and just warm enough to study outside "
"done with 1 final and 1 essay, 2 more finals and 1 more essay to go!"
just have one final left!  smile 
"looking over bio 113 lab <propmale> and text book, next quarter is going to be fun!  smile "
there's finally enough snow for snowball fights!  smile 
got trained to work recovery at a low cost spay and neuter clinic today!  smile 
got my spay and neuter clinic recovery shift and my small animal icu sitting shift this friday!  smile   now to find a pair of scrubs
"been trying to hurry to get my english class blog done by tonight, only to remember that it's not due for a few more weeks"
glad to be done with midterms for awhile!
"sos (well every other week), bio, small animal icu sitting, and watching movies with a certain someone: i love friday!  smile "
done with midterms!  smile 
<propfemale>
"you know it's bad when you go to practice chem equations for your final and your calculator says \information overload\"""""
is it wrong that i'm already can't wait for spring quarter
"ew, pepto bismol pink"
i've got a class tomorrow yet they haven't told me where the class is yet
