5917dba34d957d4e697bb345505cac90
has a bit of a hangover! ugh! happy new years everyone!
going to take photos for my cousin 
i'm impatient with stupidity
is so bored with everything 
"thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day "
i attend the church of life   that's as real as it gets 
i am so bored  the internet has become very boring 
watching alf! i love alf! the 80s were awesome 
is watching the vma pre-show and then the vmas  i haven't watched the vmas since like 1999  back when music didn't suck 
woohoo! lady gaga got it for best new artist 
ok pink's performance was impressive  to be able to do all that and sing at the same time?! wow!
lost another pound today  woohoo!
"facebook e playful eriment--if you are reading this,whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
is so beyond pissed right now  my t v  just blew up and of course it was the only hdtv at that 
is watching flipping out  is now addicted to it no thanks to <propfemale>  lol
is amazed by all the ignorance that is going around! must be in the drinking water!
power went out at 10:15p m  and won't be back on until 1 smile 0a m  yeah for me! this sucks!
is confused beyond all reason!
is watching flipping out!
damn endorphins!
ironic don't you think? lol  juno is on  i have to watch it again 
a food baby! haha!
feels like crap today!
is feeling like shit once again  i hate this weather  i need to go pay my sister in texas a visit  my allergies don't kill me in texas 
feels like i have no purpose sometimes 
is watching the first season of true blood  i can't get enough if this show  i wish they would hurry up and start the third season 
has a bad headache! i hate this time of year! damn allergies!
<propfemale> is so prudish when it comes to sex 
my dryer almost caught on fire  good thing i was standing beside it when i noticed the burning smell  ugh!
wishes he can go into hiding and never come out 
has went through enough shit this week! i'm wondering what in the hell is next! fuck my life!
"<propfemale>, in her time, ruled as tyrannically as did the austrian general after the hungarian and italian struggles for <propfemale> "
"is tired of being tired and as soon i lay down to go to sleep, i'm wide awake  this is really getting annoying!"
despises his life!
is so glad that i no longer work at wal-mart and have to put up with working on thanksgiving day and have to work on black friday and putting up with the crazy ass people! for once i can actually enjoy my thanksgiving dinner and relax afterwards and sleep in the day after  (breathes a sigh of relief)
is watching you are what you eat  <propfemale> can be such a bitch and i love it! lol 
finally has electric! <propfemale> christmas everyone!
thanks everybody that wished me a happy birthday! my mom was pretty much the only one that wished me a happy birthday from my family  my brother told me happy birthday but that's only cause i reminded him  this birthday sucked just like all the rest  blah 
this damn snow is ruining everything! like all my plans! go away snow!
ahh to have a life!
"\germans commonly commit suicide in a particularly vicious passive-aggressive manner: jumping in front of a train  that doesn't happen in the us; people are polite and simply shoot themselves \"" that line cracks me up every time i read it! lol """
"it's wayback week!!!!!! retro retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!! wayback week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is bored out of his mind!
this depression medication really knocks me on my ass! i hope i get used to it in the next couple of days  i'm really tired  thinking about going to bed  blah!
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>"
is in dire need for a trip to lowes! i love lowes! i need some supplies 
i'm thinking it's about bed time!
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this            "
watching the grammys 
go to urbandicitionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dicitionary says about your name in the first comment
is tired of worrying over what people think of me! if people don't like me for who i am then i don't need you in my life! i don't care anymore!
is done with facebook!
what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger  if that's the case i should be like hercules  lol
can't sleep as usual  this getting to be an every night thing 
today has been a terrible day! when will it end?!
i feel like beating my head of a wall!
i'm in a listening to <propmale> mood tonight!
is amazed at how it doesn't get totally dark until like 20 til 10 now  makes me wonder if wv is going to become like alaska and have like 6 months of daylight and 6 months of darkness  lol
this is from facebook~~there are many complaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow the report shows that facebook has a number of nonactive members  they want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not   if you don't post this message within 2 weeks       you will be removed in order to get more space  post this on your wall to show that you are active in the system
maybe for the first time i'm actually happy  i'm tired of being miserable my whole life 
i was once told that good things happen to those who wait  i am finding this out  i have someone good in my life and i wouldn't change that for anything   smile 
reality is only as real as the person's mind perceives it!
wtf?! i have sleep back on the couch tonight cause somehow ants decided they wanted to sleep in my bed  i wish they would have asked for my permission   annoyed 
"spent three hours in the e r  tonight  i was poked, prodded, dyed, scanned, and wired up like a christmas tree  and scared shitless for a while  it's been a wonderful night!  annoyed "
is really in the mood to watch inspector gadget cartoons   smile 
well tomorrow is my first day of college  wish me luck  i need it  lol 
getting ready to head to class  the long class  lol
my dog copper is in really bad shape and i don't think he's going to make it through the rest of the day   sad 
well copper is still hanging on  i'm worn out from all this but can't sleep   sad 
r i p  copper  you'll be deeply missed!  sad 
ckson county  oh boy  i don't think we're in kansas anymore toto! lol
tornado warning for <propmale> county  oh boy  i don't think we're in kansas anymore toto! lol
"on my way to long island, new york!"
"what the french toast?! \\                                          -the great <propfirst> metz"
is feeling pretty good right now  hehe   wink 
my iphone is about to crap itself completely  so much for holding out for the white iphone 4   sad 
i have come to realize that i live a very sheltered life  sigh 
on my way to washington d  c   smile 
i hate having the flu!  sad 
sometimes i don't know how i should feel 
wtf happened to me recently?! man i need to get back on track! i want to lose 30 more pounds by christmas 
it's 80's week! everyone (everyone oldenough!) has to change their profile pic to one of them taken in the 1980's  be a good laugh to see how many of us have changed    for the worse    or better!! change your pic and repost this 
i really need some good pictures of myself 
and the procrastination starts 
is sick of thinking too much all the time! causes nothing but problems   sad 
"\i don't like mondays  tell me why  i don't like mondays  tell me why  i don't like mondays  i want to shoot the whole day down \""\",5917dba34d957d4e697bb345505cac90,this has been one hell of a week! tgif! time for some much needed r&r!
"this is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer, & in honor of those who continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy & paste  i was proud to  will you?"
can't go back to sleep  ugh!  annoyed 
"if you have a dog (or dogs) who has made you laugh, brightened your life, silently accepted your tears without judgment, snuggled with you, forgiven your faults and loved you anyway, make this your status  dogs are a gift most of us don't deserve  repost this if you have - or had - an amazing dog or two!"
if i don't find a job soon i'm going to go nuts  this is ridiculous!  annoyed 
"after drinking myself into oblivion, i'm still no better off than what i was before   sad "
i'm so tired and worn out  thinking about taking a nap  highlight of my day  that's pretty sad 
it's 1980s week! everyone (old enough!) has to change their profile pic to one taken in the 80s  it will be funny to see how many of us have changed    for the worse    or better! change your pic and re-post
is tired of all the bullshit that has been piling up in my life!  annoyed 
has had enough! i'm just wondering what's next! grrr!
"to do list\1  get a new life!\2  ditch the old life\3  clean house with my so called friends    they know who they are!"
why do i bother trying?  annoyed 
psychology homework to do  blah 
i need to get my procrastinating butt in gear  lol
"lets see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! im not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life"
some guys wouldn't know respect if it bit them in the ass!  wink 
ahh nothing like coming home and listening to 80s music!  smile 
ok the 80s music is starting to suck  now time to break out my nine inch nails concert dvds!  wink 
well going to bed  this is the earliest i have been in bed in two weeks! goodnight   smile 
taking mucinex with wellbutrin was not a good idea  ugh!  sad 
ok it's just the wellbutrin that is causing all these bad side effects  no more  this has been a night from hell cause of it   annoyed 
now i know what it feels like to be a zombie  i'm so tired but can't sleep   sad 
sigh   sad 
ahh   nothing like listening to old school <propfemale> manson to get the day started! antichrist superstar really gets me going in the morning! lol   wink 
"i have come to realize that i need to channel my anger, sadness, and depression into something  so it looks like i'm breaking out my guitar and relieve some of this stress  i'm sorry guitar for the pain that is about to be inflicted on you but it's better you than me! (insert sinister laugh here)"
am i the only one that thinks that macs have the best sound from their speakers? i mean i have a macbook pro and the sound is awesome!
blah
i'm so worn out  heading to bed  i'm sure tomorrow is going to be another blah day 
had another fill in my lap-band today  i think it's a little too tight now  i ate a meatball and i chewed it up really well and it still got stuck  ugh   sad 
could it be? i'm getting back on a normal sleep and eating schedule again? i think so  it's about time   smile 
classes at 4  yay! not! i just want to be lazy today but i have a 3 <propfemale> paper to write tonight for tomorrow  i'm such a procrastinator  but oh well  lol
is it time to go home from class yet?! ugh!
got taco <propfemale> for diner  let's see how much of this i can eat now that my band is super tight  survey says   not very much!
"so the tot wars have begun, <propfemale>! lol"
does it make me a nerd if i want to see the new tron movie?
sometimes when you deny your feelings it causes more problems than when you do 
sometimes when you deny your feelings it causes more problems than when you don't 
i'm really missing <propfirst> right now   sad 
sitting in my math class waiting for it to start  after tonight i'm off from college for over a week  woo hoo!
i'm so worn out! thanksgiving baking all night last night and today  it wore me out but it was all good   wink 
i hate winter! bah hum bug!
"oh god it's night of the vintage threads!\                                           -<propfemale>"
damn sinus pressure and headache! ugh! and this night was starting to be decent until now   sad 
i am so sick of trying when all it does is backfires in my face! i'm fed up! done! over and out!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! it sucks though cause i am sick on my birthday  ugh!  sad 
i'm so glad that 2010 is over! let's see how much this year will be   annoyed 
in my first class for the new semester  yay! lol  biology this early should be interesting 
i'm so tired of trying to get anywhere in life anymore   sad 
time for bed  working on music later today   wink 
ahhh    the wonders of good ol' synergism! lol
can't until may! i have to go see the movie thor when it comes out! it looks awesome! have to love <propfemale>!!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support  i copied and pasted, will you?"
must stay awake!!
have a job interview tomorrow! i hope i get the job!
i swear if i have to see <propfirst> bieber one more time on tv or hear about him i'm going to kill someone!!!!
"valentines day, bah humbug!"
