da29d51181ef52151859479ba3136270
you know what? no! i will not have a happy new year  i refuse to do what you tell me to   wink 
"there would have been fireworks, she said  there would have been fireworks   \oh, they'll watch us in flight, they'll watch us in flight, they'll watch us in flight   \and if we go down, we'll go down together    "
hmm     facebook is interesting    
going to oregon in four weeks! very excited
makin fish sticks! anyone got fry sauce?
zombie stories crack me up  laugh 
got my hair trimmed today  now i don't feel so scruffy!  wink  gonna dye it again tomorrow 
went to my senior pictures session yesterday and it was freakin' amazing! i had tons of fun and my photographer was one cooooool dude 
it's been one crazy day    but i got some cute stuff while i was out and about 
it smells like rain over here!
"here's a thought: why do spider's like bathtubs? o o\i seem to find them there 4 out of 5 times   "
"farewell, ladies and gents  the road trip begins and oregon awaits   laugh "
i'm finally home! woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i think of my future and fear clouds my every thought    but as i create schemes and carve paths, the fog clears and it doesn't seem so frightening anymore "
"is sooooo tired \i think i'll go to bed early, but at least today was fun!"
"dylan: 'ooo! reduced fat oreos!'\ashlee: 'you can't reduce lard   '\ laugh "
dylan: 'ooo! reduced fat oreos!'       ashlee: 'you can't reduce lard   '
i can't believe registration is tomorrow! where did the time go!?!
"aw    no one is online    \how sad!  sad "
finally done with cleaning for the day  now to blow the dust off an old project    
is enjoying another night of hummingbird wars and chicken adventures 
i love drawing little ninjas! they're adorable all over my brother's school supplies     love 
"woo! i feel so fit now that i've gotten a workout for the first time all summer \thanks for the fantastic hiking trip, loves!"
"i didn't notice til just now, but the storm last night tore up our gazebo    the ruins look rather ominous "
"gawd, my head hurts    i hope it passes  i have too much to do this week to be in pain   smile "
just watched <propfirst> witch with my brother and his friend  they are freakin out!!  laugh 
redrum    redrum    redrum    
anybody driving tomorrow?
"i'm sipping on some sunshine, i'm gonna leave it for the morning in the afterlife \and she's drunk by the daytime, i bet she feels it just the same\not anymore!\ love  crash kings"
"and\ i wake up in jail together   using only four words, what would you say \to me? (and if you make a comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your\ status-fair is fair!)"
"just finished my library book, crank  i don't quite feel myself anymore   \i need a somewhat happy book  think i might walk with <propmale> dresden a while "
holy crap guys! <propmale> in the park is this weekend! is anyone else interested?
"\strangers make the best of friends\""  laugh """
"\answers are nonsense? rephrase the question \""\",da29d51181ef52151859479ba3136270,"set the metal to the magnet, set the magnet to the wire, set the wire to the speaker but the speaker was on fire!! \-so many dynamos, 'we vibrate, we do'\i  love  this song so much "
note to peoples: i made a new yahoo mail account! so don't even try to send cool stuff to my old one  send it here: pelletier ashlee@yahoo com
"woot! hyde park festival was awesome today! thanks for a cool saturday, chicas   love "
"hey everyone, it's talk like a pirate day! argggg matey!"
"every single one of you are on my friend's list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there!!i am not only glad to count you as friends, but as family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really is  i <propfemale> my family & friendships!!!  smile "
today is my dearest mummy's birthday! so go write nice things on her wall     right now!
holy economy batman!  love  i'm researching <propmale> <propmale> for my entrepreneurship project  i am happy 
i got a new phone!!! yay!!!
woo! we're all set for our chefs  feel free to come over early if you like 
"oh my <propfirst> <propmale>, i am stuffed!! thank you <propfirst> for directing us all in making all that fantastic food  and thank you mom for giving us the time and space to do it  get outta here, i love ya!"
"what a fantastic day!! thank you so much, my lovelies  i absolutely can't wait for you-know-what  wink "
"it seems as though sleep lost its map on its way to me, but that's alright  the stars have taken me under there wings and they certainly are beautiful tonight "
"tonight's theme song annoyed yeah, i'll tell you something  i think you'll understand  when i say that something  i wanna hold your hand  - beatles"
omg this has to be the best night i've had all year!!!!!
"what a night i just had    before, at, and after the dance   smile "
"i hope that you see me\\cause i'm staring at you\\but when you look over\\you look right through\\then you <propfemale> and kiss her on the head\\and i never felt so alive\\and so dead   love "
"anyone else want to volunteer with northwest animal companions?\send me a note with your email and i'll forward you instructions and info  make sure to let me know before wednesday though, or you'll miss the orientation!"
a sliver of glowing planetary matter inhabits the sky this morning  make way for the new <propfemale>'s new beginning 
we must stamp a sign on noblitts forehead so he will get the hint already!! - april  laugh 
"ash's phone is being stupid, oh wait its a virgin it doesn't know wat its doing    oh dang thats talking bad about us too whoopsies - april  laugh "
if only saturday could be a little longer     wink 
"hmm    i feel like dressing up tomorrow, but i don't know what to wear!"
"i apologize   \\said i'm sorry, now it's your turn,\\can you look me in the eyes and apologize?\- hüsker dü\i think i love this  laugh "
nothin like the bloodhound gang to inspire some crazy <propmale>  love 
"<propmale> and steph: i finally got an email back from the volunteer coordinator, who gave me a number to call for questions  i left a voicemail, so we might actually have something here! keep your fingers crossed and your saturday free "
so strange how opportunities come into play just as i need them    always happens    maybe i'm witchy-er than i first thought   love 
ah    if only i had a real camera on hand today     love 
mellow yellow:  gay mountain dew   laugh 
"awesome family portrait session this morning! we got some great shots  and now that i'm home from the dentist, my teeth are shiny!!!!!  laugh "
so    tomorrow is red day    i have red    fancy red    dare i take dress up week to the next level?  laugh 
mwhahaha <propfemale> has been hacked by the one and only ninja assassin!!!
"there is a fly buzzing loudly around my room  every time i hear it, i get up, open my door, and tell it to go away  and it does, eventually  then, not long after i'm comfortable again, it squeezes under my door and continues flying and buzzing  and i wanna kill it!    then i realize it's just looking for a light to guide it home "
when does silent become empty?
oh darling  if you leave me  i'll never make it alone  believe me when i tell you  i'll never do you no harm   love 
to the crazy people who want to take their senior pictures in the snow: be thinking about locations and outfits  you'll definitely want to wear something warm and we'll want to find some place that has medium dark colors to contrast all the white   -  love 
"i hope nothing is due tomorrow, 'cause homework is the last thing on my mind  smile "
school is so much better on a sugar high  laugh  thank mrs <propmale> for krispy kremes!!!
is wishing tomorrow could be friday   
oh man    my new obsession    two door cinema club  laugh  i'm so in love with this band!
hm  fascinatin'    
i feel alone already   
"so yea    my phone died and took my contacts to the grave    so if you send me a message that includes (but is not limited to (a hello would be nice)) your phone number, i'll add you to a back-up list that will go into my new contacts in 3 - 5 business days   smile "
!enoyreve gnivigsknaht yppah
"finally got started on that government assignment  my photos are, dare i say, awesome "
"i got a replacement phone, saw deathly hallows, and had chicago connection for dinner   laugh  today is good "
it makes me laugh when pandora says that frou frou and imogen heap are similar artists  x3
"change\ your fb picture to a cartoon from your childhood! the goal? to not see a\ human face on fb till monday, dec 6th join the fight against child \abuse and copy paste this to your status to invite your friends to do \the same"
"ohmygod, this csi game is so bomb!"
i might actually continue and finish writing this story  hooray for determination!!
"if your left hand is touching your face, your in love  if your right hand is touching your face, your heart broken  if neither are touching your face, you are confident  if your legs are crossed, you are excited for something \i had 2 out of 4 when i read this    creepy "
"<propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a good fright! muahahaha      love "
good christmas! bad aftermath    nobody come near me! i'm under quarantine!!
i think i'm tired now     kinda  sorta  maybe     i'll try again 
"i had the strangest dreams    \-skating on black ice with sneakers in the school parking lot, which is a total adrenaline rush\-running from black-suited agents while disguised as an office aid\-driving through a labyrinth of stacked buildings with <propmale>; now that i think about it, his truck shouldn't have been able to navigate that\   all in a row! it was incredible "
"i feel like half my body is gone, so one-sided  how am i suppose to function?"
"holy robotics, batman  these next six weeks are going to be a rollercoaster to hell and back "
"the road to the apocalypse is paved with disposable food containers, my friend!"
"omg    i just bought a tablet    thank you auntie and uncle!!! oh, and cousin too "
it's here! it's here it's here it's here it's here it's heeeeeerrrrrreeeeee  laugh 
red bull
leave <propmale> alooooooonnnneeeee!
"mom, i'm a polygamist "
and the week comes to an end so another can begin   
"\how are we supposed make out with the stars of the concert?!\""\",da29d51181ef52151859479ba3136270,"you! go to google right now and play with the logo! \it's infinitely entertaining "
"i'll just lie here \with this faint chalk outline"
"great night; terrible morning  what ever would i do without you, love?"
found six new songs to listen to! 'bout time i gave passenger a rest   smile 
"i'm done! ha ha! take that you evil, evil project "
woot! i has new belts 
great wall delivers  it's amazing 
"has anyone else noticed that our profiles say \went to mvhs\""   ?"""
hm  i've had stranger days 
"cherry!\\mmm    cherries   "
hellooooooo touch screen!
i've finally e playful erienced a <propfemale> rain!  laugh  my life is now complete 
who has done the government paper!?!?! this is so frustrating   
only 21% plagerized! hell yea!!
ahhhhghrtklfkibvoitlakjfldijoiut     my feet  they hurt  and someone won't text me back!
i got a 92% on my senior project!!!! can i get a booyah!?
"i really wanna go dancing, but no way in hell do i wanna go alone  laugh "
i'm wearing shorts!!
i'm hoooooommmme!
