d39e3e39675e6dc2b3dc05266bd8277b
"new profile pic, yaycollar!  laugh "
"pax was awesome! all those who didn't go       hahahahahaha  laugh  sucks to be you  epic pain from walking so much, lots of random stuff and pics from the e playful o hall, head still spinning from the lolsy panels, and i'm amazed i didn't catch anything from the close quarters and hand-shaking (and high-fiveing) i did "
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you   "
wireless phones = death to wifi  every time it rings i get disconnected  do you realize how much more i hate telemarketers now? do you?
how awesome: the only reason i do not have straight a's is because i don't have all my work in all my classes (i was started a week late) all of my work thus far    grade a quality  i am going to ace this year!
 love  mine and <propfemale>'s six month anniversary today  laugh  this requites many hearts  love   love   love  i'm really really reallly happy  love   love 
we interrupt your regularly scheduled facebooking for this important announcement haaaaaaaaaaaam! we now return you to your facebooking already in progress 
"it was awesome seeing you guys today!  laugh  and those of you i didn't see, i'll be at cutter's point again next thursday, and the thursday after that, and the one after that, and the one after that, and so on and so forth ad nauseum  from 10~ until school is out, and then i'll head home  smile  i e playful ect to see more of you people  including you gradumataded seniors "
"when: tomorrow, 10-4 where: cutter's point who: me  laugh  why: to see people, you better stop by e o"
"oops, slept like the dead + massive back pain that's got me hobbling = so not going downtown today, try again next week  annoyed "
> > tomorrow's thursday  guess where i'll be 
"i realized it's a week to halloween and i haven't watched any scary movies  suggestions please! (zombie and werewolf films are love o o) (   links are love too, i can't rent or download)"
"so i broke my school laptop on saturday  the school, being the awesome people that they are, quickly responded and today i got my shiny un-broken laptop  i still don't know what i'm supposed to do with the broken one though   "
happy halloween people (hope yours is less boring than mine)
"    i am going to watch nightmare before christmas  some of you already know (some of you do not) but for a reason too long to post, the movie (even as awesome as it is, i love it) scares me  terrifies me  the music sends me running, screaming, leaving me shaking  wish me luck? (gawd i'm stupid o o)"
"this time getting lost was not my fault  the trip planner lied about where the 255 would be  trust me  i stood there for an hour  luckily, seattle's best has free wifi, and i have a laptop and an orca pass  laugh  so not stuck, alternate route obtained!"
gaia announced the winner for the demonbuster's event   indecision  that was a crappy ending 
"so i'm totally unpacked  for those (everyone?) not in the know, i moved in with my dad (hi dad  laugh ) and we got my stuff yesterday and i spent yesterday and today unpacking and setting up my bedroom  it's the shit  laugh  i don't yet have my posters up or my fountains running but there's a place for everything and everything in its place  omgwtfbbq inorite?  smile "
i went out and ran walked (more of the latter)  i will be coughing for a while but i feel pretty good for going out and     going out  after getting my schoolwork done! ha! i wasn't even procrastinating!
hoppy year of the rabbit everyone! the neighbors are bringing it in with a helluva bang  laugh 
tomorrows aoup wil mean delicious ham three days in a row  kosher i am not  laugh 
i lost the game 
omnomnom burritos
<propfemale> the vampire slayer apparently airs on mtv now          wut?
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
"down in tacoma for a while, anyone wanting to meet up, tell me when and where  laugh "
come on guys! i'm in tacoma! i wanna seeee yooouuu!  laugh  i just don't know who wants to see me! d:
"oh, also, i was in tacoma for a -week-  you guys are jerks  see you at sakuracon  playful "
"<yalborap> you'll get so infuriated you'll throw your ds wiimote against the wall until it shatters <yalborap> the wall, not the nintendo product <yalborap> those things are made of adamantium or some crap  ala http annoyed  bash org ?803011"
took a break from her laptop today to just look out a window for a while and was rewarded with the sight of a beautiful blue <propfirst> 
"it's rai~ning, it's pour~ing  laugh "
i just lost the game  indecision  worst: i did it to myself 
rt @learnfrommyfail butter knife - learn from my fail #lfmf http annoyed  bit ly ailftz
owtf i lost the game -again-  i usually try to keep it down to 1 month  indecision 
hatemybody  hatemybody  hatemybody  don't ask 
"lapboys, they make you lose the game  and me too  indecision "
"nice day, so i'm on the back porch with my laptop, enjoying the overcastness and perfect temp and complete lack of wind  i want to run in trees, but i don't think i can make it to point defiance for the really awesome trees   "
sick    ugh    shoot me
guh    picked up my room    it's not 'clean' but it's not a death trap either    now i'm going to collapse somewhere 
i'm sneezing so hard the vents are vibrating x|
"oyeah folks, my phone is broken, so if you need me, either message me or email me  blah"
facebook just suggested i switch to english (uk)     i did  i don't see anything different    yet 
so i realized i've become completely disconnected from my sota friends   
"also, sota, what's up with your computers?  i needed to be signed off by anyone upper-level at sota to have another semester year at insight, and apparently i'm not in the system anymore  uhm    what? i leave the school so you unfriend me? uncool sota, uncool"
   do people even read their event invitations anymore?  indecision 
   where are my inane ramblings going back for over a year?
"so, lightning and thunder  the thunder a few minutes ago? i almost crapped myself  that is the loudest thunder i have ever heard, it was like a boulder rolling for the house  scary as crap o o'"
"i am in tacoma  people, friends, i know you check your facebook, i see your posts, do any of you want to see me?"
"screwed up my neck, it hurts a lot  i need many interesting websites to pass the time  anyone have anything for me?"
<propfemale> made me lose the game  reconsidering this relationship  indecision 
stuff happened  i have a life  more updates later 
"apologies to everyone who doesn't know already, it's been chaos lately  i'm moving!\to *drumroll*   \    \     \vermillion! south <propfemale>!"
"you know all those movies and shows where the plot is 'what if you could do it over?' i've thought about this for years, and there is nothing i would do over  nothing i would try to make better  i would, however, be    beyond thrilled    overjoyed    to simply relive sophomore year  amazingly, that is my 'simpler time'  and i'd give    i'd give a lot to hit replay on it "
went for a walk to enjoy the good northwest air and rare northwest sun  out for almost an hour 
<propfemale> left a little bit ago  to drive here  and get me  because i'm moving  aaaaaahhhh! i'm moving!
walked three <propmale> and have a blister for each one 
"oh my god krissy's going to be here soon \like, within a couple hours, soon "
in the home stretch and she hits rush hour traffic  figures 
"obtw she got here safe and sound and then i spazzed and didn't update  distracted (can you blame me?)\and we totally got lost getting off the freeway  note to self: when in doubt, turn left"
"you just lost the game, my bad"
"car is packed, we hit burger <propmale> and starbucks and we're on the freeway  love  <propfemale> for providing road tunes, miss the fam already "
"<propfemale> is bored already, we still have 7 hours of driving today   oboy "
listening to wicked at full blast while driving down i-90 15 <propmale> away from ellensburg  hell yeah 
"omg, gas station with a comicbook rack  we bought three, all from the early 90's "
we stopped in a big lots in cour d'alene at 9pm to buy a beach ball and nothing else 
"whoo, awake now  gonna head out before noon, local time "
"kfc for breakfast, i grabbed a double down (google it) if i suddenly stop updating, i had a heart attack and died "
"also, can someone please e playful lain to me what a 'smoke jumper' is, i keep seeing sogns referencing them "
"so, there was a giant white m on a hill by missoula and now there's a giant white d by drummond  is this a montana thing?"
at the only rest stop for the next 97 <propmale>  baking to death in the sun 
leaving the rest stop in goldcreek mt where we smacked the beachball around 
"fulfilled my passengerly duty of passing out  woke up as we pulled into a rest stop 30 <propmale> from billings, mt  also, it's now raining  big splatterly drops "
just crossed into wyoming  there is way too much sky here!!!
"d: we've passed, like, a dozen hitchhikers  i feel like a terrible person,  even though the seat is filled with my crap "
   and we just cross3d over crazy woman creek  i'm gonna be nice and assume it's a native american name 
heading to applebees before leaving gillette  there is still too much sky 
"hitting the road now, had to grab my hat so as not to be blind "
"i swear to god the 'adopt a highway' litter control for this section was adopted by hamsters usa  go go little guys, clean that trash "
"\bear butte state park\"" *immature giggling*"""
"douchenozzle <propfirst> lucas-look-alike was texting and driving on the interstate, in a one <propfirst> construction zone, swerving like a drunk "
"almost hit an otter running across the freeway in murdo, sd "
"gas station sign, i think; 'next rest stop: anyone's guess'"
i'm bored  can you tell?
hit sioux falls and got delicious heart attacks from wendys  we're almost home!
"look, i know i dont drive, but gas is 2 59 out here \p s  in vermillon, hells yeah "
"finally woke up, still sick  i can't shake this cough, which didn't make the trip anymore enjoyable "
i cooked real food  made a bastardized stir fry with some beef and zucinni and carrots and broccoli and mushrooms  it's tasty and no one's died!
still sick  slowly dieing  lungs are full of fluid  fluid i am coughing up lots 
i cooked real food again  today i bastardized teriyaki  got green peppers to add and force <propfemale> to eat  next time: onions 
"rock on  just finished making breakfast  bacon n egg breakfast sammiches on rolls, (egg white only for <propfemale>, she can't eat yolk) and six big blueberry muffins "
"augh  drove 8 hours to <propfemale>'s friend's wedding yesterday  dressed fanceh today  got my geek on with all of <propfemale>'s friends and tomorrow we're heading to a cabin by a lake  who knows, i might get a tan "
"accidentally chicken fried myself, plus knees hurting from pedal boating and bruised my thighs climbing back into the canoe after i accidentally tipped it  i pretty much can't walk  so fun  driving home now "
lets 
"so as i was trying to say last night, i splashed hot grease on my arm  it's fine now, but ouch man o o"
"if anyone wonders what i've been up to\http annoyed  concept<propmale> org forums showthread php?p=2792964\i'm making <propmale>  this is my sketchbook thread  it updates much more than my deviantart, which is more for finished things "
hail truck farmer! hail truck farmer!
   i keep forgetting my password 
"just discovered the best thing about being 'grown up'     12 toaster strudel per package and they're mine, all mine! mahahaha!"
"dude    what?\i just got a verification email from an adult dating site  i    don't go to those kinds of websites "
"<propfemale> sullivan (voice of shego) will be playing <propfemale> in $#*t my dad says, a sitcom based on the popular twitter feed shit my dad says  shatner will be playing the dad  \it's like two vastly disconnected parts of my life have come together in a glorious     i don't know  but it's awesome  starts sept  3rd "
reading nightlight (twilight parody book)  it's like <propfemale> b  jones meets twilight         insane  and painful  go read it!
"oh this is getting stupid \<propfemale>'s parents    they've gone off the deep end  and her older sister pushed "
"well, it took a while but the truth of the matter came out  her parents do indeed hate me because i am female  her mother called her and got to the root of the problem  that we were hugging and kissing while her younger (a year older than me) sister was in the house  oh no! it's 'morally reprehensible' because we're both women \\i'm suddenly not even angry any more  i can't maintain anger at bigotry  it's pointless "
okay that's just dumb  looked in the fridge for the chicken i'd put in day before yesterday to thaw from the freezer  it wasn't anywhere to be found  so i thought for a moment and looked in the trash  lo  there it was  factory sealed and just fine 
"feeling emo, watching <propfemale> snaps and then maybe resident evil (all of em) to make me feel better "
"apparently being gay is just as bad as making perpetuating owning child pornography \anyone who thinks we should stick it out, suck on that "
trying to get my joints to settle so i can nap  so stressed i can't even tell what time it is anymore 
"the 10th is $1 sketch day! 24 hours of requests and <propmale>, $1 per request, taking all comers! this friday!"
"repeat: the 10th is $1 sketch day! 24 hours of requests and <propmale>, $1 per request, taking all comers! this friday!"
<propfemale> made banana bread with the bananas that her sister misplaced 
"spam! the 10th is $1 sketch day! 24 hours of requests and <propmale>, $1 per request, taking all comers! this friday!"
i put on my headphones and suddenly i'm in my own little world  it's a very upbeat place 
"friday, $1 sketches, now to be broadcasted live! more info to come "
"so    we totally do not get to keep the car  and they apparently were not very nice about it  oh well, that's only a minor setback "
i squashed an innocent cricket with a boot  i feel terrible 
"roughly 19 hours until the start of the 24 hour broadcast, live drawing session for $1 sketch day! be there! or else!  laugh "
"got off to a technically <propmale> start but after some maneuvering and taping, we're good to go!"
mortal kombat anihilation is on in the background  i'm not paying attention and it's like     scene change and suddenly there is a black guy who is apparently a character!
"8 hours in, this couch is very comfy and there's not a lot holding my attention right now  we may have a problem "
"oh no  \   \i'm yawning "
"feeling a little disenheartened  consider: 11 hours passed, 2 sketches done "
"   i feel like i just witness a twitter hissy fit  \http annoyed  twitter com wilw\http annoyed  twitter com gamepolitics\both sides of it "
"it's like the second one thing starts going right, another has to go wrong  my bad tooth started bleeding from the inside (it's hollow)"
i lost the game and it's all <propfemale>'s fault 
i need to stop watching <propfemale>'s got talent finales  freaking <propfirst> grimm won over <propfirst> and over fighting gravity and over <propmale> poppycock  come on  aaaaaaauuuuugggghhhhhh
sometimes you just need some new clothes to make you really     stand out  laugh 
"starting packing today, leaving on monday "
"more packing  getting all my <propmale> books boxed up  added up the cover prices for all of them once, came to over $350!"
"i am feeling sort of zen, now  we visited <propfemale>'s folks yesterday and they were     better than they have been  i have nothing to stress about, just need to finish getting packed "
"been packing off and on all night, keep having to stop cause my back and neck are locking up  got a lot of stuff into a few boxes, thanks mom for passing along mad tetris skills "
"<propfemale> got to pick up the car a little early, she's coming back now and we're gonna start shoving things (neatly) in  i think i packed well enough that we can get it all in  i fully e playful ect two or three boxes worth of things to suddenly appear when we start clearing out "
"delayed the mission last night, <propfemale> had food poisoning  now we're really  on our way!"
"so the phone died  were at a motel for the night, way too long a drive to do at once"
"back on the road, nearing cour d'a-ican'tspellit"
"in spokane, almost there!"
"arrived last night, safe n sound  returned the car later today and everything is great  cats are thrilled to see me and puppy is terrified of me "
i just lost the game  indecision 
"sick, lost my voice  woo-h*chokes*"
"dm'd tonight! i feel like it was a success, even if a certain someome didn't show up, and we only played for about 3 hours  also it wasn't halloween themed "
http annoyed  transfinite dreamwidth org 215469 html deviantart is piloted by bigoted jerks 
"http annoyed  lgbt-on-da deviantart com blog 36050661 \sometimes hurt is borne of malice  sometimes it is mere ignorance  when apologies have been made and steps taken to right wrongs, i think it is time to forgive "
"just watched the puppy for a good five minutes as he tried to get a bone from the bottom of his toy basket, a basket he is terrified of  grampa even tipped it over and he still spent a minute trying to get it out while dodging the horrifying basket "
omg  unmarked cop car was out front doing doughnuts  it waited in line behind a truck doing the same 
"can't sleep, going to play katamari damaci and watch full metal panic fumoffu"
body gave me a rude awakening  threw up and you don't want to know what else  sad 
 indecision  my tummy really hurts  this is so uncool 
"and now i've lost my voice too, will wonders never cease?"
nothing pisses me off quite like insults disguised as unsolicited advice  especially when the 'advisor' doesn't even use spellcheck 
17 hours on this pic  better 'preciate  indecision 
"christmas shopping with <propfemale>  stopped at old country buffet to fuel up  watching her eat grits, ew "
"i am at the pokemon center in the tacoma mall  this is awesome, directly in front of nordstrom, down the hall "
"got flamung wok fir lunch, <propfemale> got a fortune cookie, reads \give an inch and they take a mile \"" i lol'd"""
"at the mall again, anyone in the area come find me!"
"too excited for tree decorating, slipped and fell on my butt, laughed until i cried n n"
<propfemale> christmas    preeeesennnnntsssssss
i have a pipe  smile -u~
<propmale> just dropped the remote in my full glass of water  its fine o o
went out first thing in the morning (10am) packed the pipe just right and wound up out there for over an hour 
"oh god i love this desktop, dwarf fortress gets 5x the fps as on the laptop"
"krissys boobs are magic, they spoke to me  surprise "
" sad  just had a really bad seizure, knocked me on my ass for a few minutes"
"playing monopoly with <propfemale>, we need to game night this shit  laugh "
"had my dshs funded checkup, mr  doctorpants didnt say much to me, well see what mr  phsychiatrypants has to say in a couple weeks "
when did it become 11? goodnight <propfemale> 
"z z skept like a rock on ny right arm, its aching now  i just cant win "
had a dream in which i yelled profusely (in front of a large audience) at people who i blame for how messed up i am 
playin' me some wow  started up a tauren druid and just got the ability to change into a cat  you bet i'm leaping and bounding all over the plains!  laugh 
oh yeah itunes you can find cover <propmale> for <propfirst> swift and <propfirst> <propmale> but not def leppard?
"new haircut, pictures forthcoming "
"dear skype, you suck  fix your webpage  i need you on my pc "
nosebleed  right off the bat  fuckin' yeah?
oh yeah  this morning  <propfemale> found a white hair in my eyebrow  my hair  my eyebrow hair  i pulled it out and marvelled  pure white  the heck?
"just finished monopoly at $2,222, <propfemale> beat me by $133"
tomorrow i get to see a shrink for social security  should be fun 
"going through facebook and reading friends and ex-classmate's statuses i realize that we have silently slipped out of high school, out of being teenagers with teenage worries into young adults, with college and friends and partners changing everything in their quiet ways "
"i love the little things that connect in hindsight  i went to pax '09  at pax i went to a panel, i can't even remember who was there or what it was about, but i heard about conceptart org  i went to ca and st<propmale>ed learning to take criticism  my <propmale> has flourished and i find myself eager to see what the next connections will be "
<propfemale> hopped up on my shoulder a minute ago  she hopped off and i had a little itch  i scratch and lo     she has given unto me    fleas  great  time to go dunk myself in the tub and drown the lil ****ers 
zombie tacomapocalypse is todayyyyyyyy!
back from the omg zombies  if you missed the event tonight stop by the amocat anytime until the end of the month to see the <propmale>!
oh crap i still have to get a sketchuary piece in  annoyed 
went to gamestop to get <propfemale> trull a shiny suicune  laugh 
"having a chalkboard does not make you smart, <propfirst> beck "
my friends talk too much  hello 300+ most recent! i missed you during my 24hour dry spell  playful 
@_@ hauled my trunk upstairs  heavy 
starting up recording for the next horrendous twilight reading  i will inflict it upon you all!
duct taped my good camera to my monitor so that people watching a very fandom reading can actually      see shit 
"so, my camera hates me  hates me  i made the video (see it on monday) but oh my god "
"whoo, got my rejection letter for social security disability  yeah, know what? i'm not going through that crap again  that took way too long for nothing  i'm just going to try and get insurance the old fashioned way so i can go to vancouver film school and migrate to canuckistan "
wow it is <propfemale>!
