353022f5d05661c517f5829c96909b8a
hypnotized is on my mind    cant get it outta my head smile 
i just finished makin spaghetti and meatballs from scratch    i bet my italian dinner taste better than urs    ;-p
"damn i really dont wanna go to the grocery store but last time it stormed like the world was gonna end, i was stuck in the house with no food and no transportion  damn i wish i could borrow the maid off of family guy     but she'd proly just tell me no   no   u do it   lol"
the grocery store was off da hook   this storm got errrrrrrrbody shook!!
time 2 blame it on da goose!!! happy friday erbody!!
all these people @ k st lounge and aint nobody dancin!!! this is the reason i don't waist my $$ on clubs  sad 
so glad ms  <propfemale> <propfemale> finally got her palm read    
"well ladies, i must say, i truly enjoyed u guys comin to visit  we must do this again sometime, this time, i say we go to miami or somewhere exotic  now that y'all bitches is gone, im bout to take a serious nap   y'all wore me out!!! love u lots tho  smile "
can't believe i missed <propfemale>'s reunion yesterday    and <propfemale>'s shindig    becoming such an old lady     sad 
"tonight was a flop    got all dressed and     nothin!  sad  i hate technology    whats the use of a smart phone if it isn't smart enuff to turn on when u press the \on\"" button!!!!! sheeeeeeeshh!"""
so i fried rice 2day    
finally got my phone back on     ever notice that ur world literally stops when ur phone breaks? thank god for fb     smile 
so very sleepy and not a wink in sight    insomnia is a b*tch!!!
"when i close my eyes, ur face appears and my heart cries   trying my best 2 4get the lies of yester-year   looking forward to the future praying the end isnt near   given my all to b strong 4 this long that being away from ur love just feels so wrong   need ur warmth to return then i'll be fine  wish i cld stop the hands of time until the day ur mine   "
paddleboatin wit my baby in the tidal basin     love on the water is such a beautiful thang  smile   love  me some him   
"such a busy busy week ahead, so much 2 do, so little time 2 prepare      this week is going 2 be 1 hellova ride"
so glad i'm early out 2day    now i can get a jump start on cleansing my spirit off clutter   
finished sorting all the paper junk     now off 2 tacklle some heads    i really hate doin hair sometimes  sad 
soooo sleepy  sad   didn't finish sorting clothes til 230am   im beat!! good mornting good nite fb    nap time is early 2day
all moved in    still not settled  sad   so much more to do   looks like my weekend is on a <propmale> hold  sad 
ahhhhhh what a refreshing relaxing weekend wit the boo   so glad were finally settled in our new home     have i told yall lately how much i love this man?!  smile 
"who knew the idea of yard work cld bring tears 2 a lil ones eyes    poor poor baby! thnx cakez    thnx <propfemale>, yall sure do kno how 2 make em cry "
nite nite bookface      
"in 2 dayz i will be \the\"" happiest woman alive          smile """
8 12 marks the day my new life with my soul mate began  it marks the day i married my best friend  i am truly blessed to receive such a gift from god   smile 
after being awake 24hrs straight i believe it is now time for me to rest my eyes and rejuvinate my body  gnite good mornting fb     til next time wink 
"operation upgrade is now in effect   swagg-o-meter is steadily rising   real housewives of pg, here we come!!! lls  wink "
i thank him everyday 4 this blessing he has bestowed upon me    love is amazing  smile 
finished my certificaion 2day 2 become a licensed child care provider    ifeel so   accomplished     feels good  smile 
i like it either on the top shelf in my closet or in front of my mirror on the table next to my bed 
hmmmm   2 whole days later and still no signs?!?!?!?
"a lost, no matter how big or small is still yet a lost   the pain eventually goes away but life is 4ever changed    "
never again!!!!! some ppl jst dnt hv any respect 4 other ppl's time!!
oh how i love road trips!!!!!  smile  just me n my <propfemale> and the open road  smile 
"our past dictates our future  walking around with a heavy heart can only lead to self destruction  if you hv something to say, say it  you never kno how long the person you hv to say it to will be around so don't waste time being angry  if ur words fall on deaf ears, that's ok  someday they will realize they need you waaaaaaaaaayyy more than you need them! and that's as raw and real as it gets shawty!"
phone is acting up right now   sad  stupid touch screens! leave me a message or call my house phone  i will be back up and running hopefully by tomorrow  gnite fb  wink 
can someone please e playful lain what this # thing is all about?? im seriously confused  what and who is everyone talkin about?!
"ok  i get it now  are we really that bored out here that we have to play a #'s game? if you got something to say to someone, then just say it   no need for it to be a secret  and if it is so much a secret that you have to refer to people by a #, then you shouldnt be postin it on fb!"
"thank you to all that thought of me on my day of birth enough to take the time out to text, call, or fb me a happy birthday wish  i couldnt ask for a more beautiful birthday  \thank you all         love  xoxoxoxo  love "
napping   
i feel sick after seeing that    yuck!!!!
i hope everyone had a warm and loving christmas with family and friends  it's always nice to kno when ur loved   love 
"i just don't get it! no matter what's said or done, ppl see what they want in me instead of who i truly am  i'm done  think what want, feel how you want to feel, live your life with your misconceptions about me    its your loss!  if you can't see all that i have to offer then oh well  i'm not here to pls you  it's about me and mine from here on out   you can bank on that!!"
" love  new beginnings: this has def been one hellofa year  i love my family, i love my friends, i love everything about my life in 2010  lets all be thankful for what we've been given, bc 2011 is for new beginnings  smile   happy 2011!!! may god continue to bless us all in the new year   love "
i just love my chicken parmesean from <propfemale> tuesday's   muy deliciouso!!!
some people need to learn how to calm down and relax sometimes  things dont have to be done as soon as you think of them  and you say im the one who's over anxious when i ask for something   sounds like you need to take a longer harder look in the mirror!!
arghhhh   i soooo dont wanna go out there in this mess     sad 
i am literally sick to my core of the stupidity aka lack of intelligence that is destroying this world we live in     i guess i jst hv 2 understabd that not everyone is as intelligent as i perceive them to be  still   its crazy frustrating!!!
what the fudge!!! the power just went out     i'm all alone     i'm hungry     and of course the battery is runnin low on my cell    pls get home safely baby   we need you here
omg    why does everything i want to eat require cooking    im starvin over here!!!
finally back home in my nice warm bed   belly full   and baby happy  smile  oh how i love my electricity!!!
hot damn   hot water    yippppeeeeee!!!!
sleepy     i hv a serious case of the itis   can we go pls? baby needs a nap!!
"enjoyed a relaxing day free of stress wit my girl cat   i love that she's jst as lazy as me   \couch potato\"" time is the business!!!"""
february is the start of new beginnings for me and i am thankful that god has prepared me for all that is coming my way this month  ~truly blessed  love 
"i really don't know how i got here, i just hope i can get back to what's right  this place is so unfamiliar, dark, and lonely "
yaaaaaawwwwwwnnnnnnn!!! i need like 4 more uninterupted hrs   then i'll b good 
twitter     lmfao!!! inside joke
hungry    what to eat?
1st day jitters   gotta get a move on
finally home    i can breathe again   lol
steel <propfemale>'s was good    cant believe it took me 22yrs 2 watch it   lol
happy <propfirst>'s day all!!!  smile 
"it's a shame what ppl let themselves go thru b4 they find their worth   never let others determine ur worth   never be afraid to take a stand   after all, if you don't stand for something, you'll fall 4 anything   know ur worth ladies!!!"
shocked and amazed    enough said!
"lil man is finally knocked out    lets see what 2moro brings  lol   caleb, you wear me out boy  lol"
"priviledged ppl make me sick!!! until you kno what it means to be independent and literally depend on no one but yourself, don't judge me!! you haven't earned the right to speak until you've walked in my shoes    "
it's a pole party!!! hmmmm   shld i get my phat ass up on this pole for a twirl   
"how come everytime i eat, the baby wants me to take a nap? i literally can't keep my eyes open   4 more hours to go  sad "
