6287fa9657e2e0ddfe2716e18e5afc03
her's something i like to ask every now and then  if you fail a stupid test dose that make you smart or stupid?
i got into a debate argument with my younger sister earlier about the worlds most popular music genre i said the top 3 were 1  country  2  rock metal  3  rap hip-hop so i want to know if that’s true or not and where i can find something online that i ca
well in two weeks i'll be gone for a few days (the 25th-27th to celebrate my moms birthday at disney)
hey dose anyone know when classes start again?
is really bored
is look into a new (used) car truck
preferably a dencent sized pick up truck in good condition (obviously) and priced for a lower budget
finally found one  my family and myself and my high school graduation
is about to get a new phone
is not looking forward to tommorrows class
is worried about tommorow test
is looking forward to thursday
cant wait til tommorow
will be 21 tommorow
just finished a complete overhaull of my room  and wow it hasnt looked this clean in i dont know how long  boy did that bookshelf i got thursday make a huge difference 
its a miracle!!! the french military isnt completly useless after all
is extremly happy  i just bought launch tickets to go see the ares 1-x launch at the space center 
just finished working on my rubiks cube  mann it took a while  what would i do without the internet 
i dont know about you guys but i dont like the new look of the home <propfemale> here on facebook 
for once my phone is off for the night so please leave a message if you call  or send a text ill get it in the morning
man i am burned out after moving all that stuff for the garage sale  oh and <propfemale> that sauce that you mad with the pasta was great!!!
"man so dissapointed  at least 2 or 3 hundred for today and there was no launch, well maybe i should say a bit piossed off  i heard that they were already to launch and a cargo ship entered the danger zone (gee thanks u s c g )"
"extra ticket for tomorrow's launch for sale (possibly tickets) call me (cell) if your intrested in it  the soooner the better and if i dont answer i am probably busy at the time so please do not blow up my phone if you do i will not answer (running low on minutes), so leave me a quick message and ill get back to you asap "
man i am still mad about earlier  all that money to go see the launch and it gose up the day i go to class
due to a messy room i cant find my cell phone charger so if you need to call me call my house phone because my cell will be turned off
jsut found my phone charger so its back on now
"im sitting here balencing my checkbook and i just have thing to say about it keep your e playful ences daily!!! its is a pain in the butt having to add this in or subtract that, but then again the internet and computers help alot "
"for those of you who play mafia wars, is it just me or is anyone else having trouble finding the halloween loot?"
is totally screwed tomorrow
is tired nd going to bed  someone remind me to kick my own butt in the morning for not doing alot of studing for this math test tomorrow  i will tell you how good or bad i did on it whenever i get it back  im starting to rmble on now which means i need to get off the computer and go to sleep goodnight people or what ever it is in your time-zone
is working on m&p2 project (llllloooooonnnnnnggggggg way to go) 
absolutly hates when people who know they cant sing to well (to put it nicely) still try (i e  my family & rihanna)
tired out from long day  actually getting off eralier than usual today (like right now)
hey guys free reward point 100% legit i promise i have already claimed it on both accounts
just cant get seem to get that new black eyed peas song out of my head
is loving these white fudge covered oreos i picked up yesterday to bad there is only 12 per box
well im about to get off for the night anybody on amfia wars need want my help in a war and or a job or 2?
to all those with the wonderful privilage to serve in the militray i would like to say happy veterns day to you and that i apprcieate what your service and the freedoms that you have earned for me  thank you!!!
"what is it about two simple words that people (my sisters) dont understand? get out, its simple yeat they seem to think get out means stay and bug the person some more "
sweet just got my 100th mafia member a few <propfemale> ago!!!
man that oqqdesy place doen the street from tha campus  great pizza!!! best ive had in a long time  and theyre cheap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hey guys im going to be going out of town wendsday and ill be missing class (i already talked to <propmale> about it) so, could someone give me a copy of their notes or email me a copy?"
"wtf? come on broncos, you were off to a good start this season what happened? i mean come on what is up with these scores with the other team winning by at least 10 points? where is the defence?"
happy thanksgiving everybody 
holy crap!!! i go on facebook everyday for a few months i get a few invites requests and stuff like that im gone a week and i have 100+request invites
man been off of face book for about 2 or 3 day and it feels like its been a week  man i wish i hadnt procrastinated so long on my project and studing for some of my finals  then i would be able to kick back and relax right about now 
2 more classes out the way and consisdering chalenging 1 of the three done so far 
going trhough checking all my old emails while onthe phone with <propmale> trying to keep him awake long enough to get his stuff done for kurts class and i got a got an im invite from an olde friend from back in colorado  man that was like 3 or 4 years ago
"your mafia of 501 fought against zynga with 1 firefox browser, 1 high-speed internet,1 dedicated mafia wars addict, 100 refresh clicks, 10 browser re-boots and 388 words of foul language! you lost the fight taking your frustration out on your pc costing you 1 keyboard, 1 mouse and a monitor  copy and post everyone needs a laugh"
ust got summoned for jury duty
why dose my team who started the season with a good start have to suck so badly now? what wrong with winning a few more games just enough to barly make it to the playoffs? why bronchos why?
people please quit sending me farmville invites (and stuff realted to it) unless its an anti-framville type thing 
"man this suck big time  it not enough that the u s  is getting fatter by the minute but were going blind also  man next thing you know they're going to be telling us that we're getting dumber    nevermind thats already been taken, crap!!! pretty soon itll be to the point that it'll be easier to say whats not wrong with the country "
"first <propfemale> then iran, man is any computer safe anymore? http annoyed  online wsj com article sb126102247889095011 html?mod=yhoofront"
just got back from watching avatar and that is one good movie  just awesome 
"n o w w e k n o w w h y h e was a g e n e r a l! ----- in a recent interview, general <propfirst> schwarzkopf was asked if he thought there was room for forgiveness toward the people who have harbored and abetted the terrorists who perpetrated the 9 11 attacks on <propfemale> his answer was classic schwarzkopf  the general s   aid, \ i believe that forgiving them is god's function  our job is to arrange the meeting  \"" amen"""
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!!!!
me and my sister were just talking about an snl clip  where they were making fun of that mtv reality show jersy shore (an example of all things stupid) and what ever happened to the music on that channel? its name is music television not stupid reality show tv or crap that no one with a brain cares about tv  come on mtv its time to eaither start living up to your name again or just go for a name change all to gether 
"unfortunately 97% of facebook users won't repost this  when jesus died on the cross, he was thinking of you  if you are one of the 3% who will stand up for him, just repost this! i'm one of the 3%  <propfemale> christmas happy birthday jesus!5 minutes ago"
what whould you do if this happened to you and the money was 100% real? http annoyed  news yahoo com s ap 20100129 ap_on_fe_st us_odd_car_cash
"this is a bit funny & yet embarassing all at the same time (i see the jokes already flying); so get ready to laugh at this  finsih up my last class of the day then i hop on the bus, get off & go home & once i got there, i put my stuff down & see something on top of my tv; so i pick it up, once i realized what it was i say to myself wtf  guess what my smart-ass younger sister & my dad left me a pack of rubbers "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
is it just me or did this years commercials suck?
wants to go to sleep but cant for some reason 
for those who play mafia wars ask me for a gift and i will send it to you 
"a veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to 'the united states of <propfemale>', for an amount ' up to, and including their life  that is honor, and there are way too many people in this country today, who no longer understand that fact! copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom"
just out of courousity (and sorry about the bad spelling of that) how many people are have served in the military?
feels like crap right now  i have a wierd feeling in my nose and i feel like i have a bit nausia  
going to go wacth undercover boss 
ok science once again you have provided proof that the bible is real  where is your proof that its not real???????????????? http annoyed  news yahoo com s ap ml_israel_ancient_wall
i need my mafia to pimp me out plz  thanks guys 
"well now that my team bs'd our way through that, we have to decide what were going to do (i can already feel the head ache from the head basshing thats going to happen from that) then after that    ill have a concusion from the next round of that, that will come once we try to figure out who dose what    sad "
"to my mafia: i will be taking a break from mw throughout most of this weekend  i am buried up to my neck and am at a high risk of drowning in over due assignment, mid-terms, regualr tests, ect, ect  i now most of you probably wont care but for those who do, i wont be very active in mw this weekend  thanks for understanding"
ok i supposed to be studing right now but for some reason this joke popped into my head  its way to long to post here so ill post the link  its the one that was chosen as the best answer  http annoyed  answers yahoo com question index;_ylt=amxgmzr07iu_oazy2qguuyjty6ix;_ylv laugh ?qid=20100204084607aaz0ab3&show=7#profile-inf surprise q0rykt8aa
this website is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http annoyed  www roadkilltshirts com 
"as i was downloading stuff to help me with algebra i started clicking different links (you never know might find something usefull) and i came across this online calculator (regular, 2d, & 3d) math glossery unit converter (not just your standard converter it has just about all types of measurment's)  http annoyed  cvg cengagenow com media static-resources index html"
"i revently sent out a crap load of invite to a <propfemale>, i thing it might be scam (it gave me sometrouble when i tried to close the survey before i was finished) it said that i had a friend fome cocoa high who had a crush on me (i never went there and dont know anybody did dose) so please ignore it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
man    it sure was nice while it lasted  parents out the house and i was kicking some serious butt online (cod mw ps3)  oh well looks like i have to actually do work now  lol
wonders how is it possible to feel hungry tired and sick while being semi-full all at the same time?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
to my mafia: i recetly used a bad app over the weekend and it started posting pics and tagging people in them (300+ photo's at one point) and as a result i have lost some great friends mafia members and my mafia has been reduced in size as a result  so i am asking you to please pimp me out to your mafia and i will send you a thank you gift if i can  thanks for understanding  for those that kept me i thank you   
is going to awards ceroony tonight 
im bored and tired    first 50 people to post here gets a free mystery gift 
sent out 10 request still unanswered mafia at 199 member 100 gets mystery gift plus a whole bunch of other crap of their choice (must posts on here  my wall to be counted as member 200)
"ijust finished wacthing hurt locker       man, how do they deal with that, just wow, the amazing part is that they keep doing it, that is the hollywood version, that is scaled down  just wow, i dont know what to say but i just had to say something  the only ything i can say is just thank you, thank you to those who have served, are serving and plan to serve "
about to head to the strawberry fest  sad 
why don’t people listen?!?!?! i tell my mom i hate baseball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so i tell her not to waste your money on it  my sister who rarely agrees with said the same thing  so what dose she do she goes and buys non-refunable tickets to the nationals spring training game!!! what part of i hate baseball dose she not understand!?!?!?!? it is one of the most boring sport in the world!!!! f-ing i hate baseball!!!!!!!!!!
still sick with the cold (i think its almost over though) 
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! almost done with these speech project  now all i need is to type up a speech outline   sad 
attention mafia!!! when ever sending mystery gift  please send from moscow or bangkok!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you
dose anybody play mobsters 2? if so please add me 
almost done for the night  post here to get your free mystery bag    you have ten <propfemale> to post (i will give until time is up then im done for the night or untill i run out of invites)
is addicted to cod4: mw1 for the ps3  laugh 
good night people  hopefully ill wake up in a better mood than what i am going to bed in 
if anybody's mw account is working please hit list me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i will reward you with whatever you want if i last more than an hour!!!! if not i will still send you a bunch of stuff for trying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
end your link to my second account if you want to be hitlisted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! vdas as i got luky and its working agian for now 
geuss what people? you have 30 <propfemale> to post here for your free mystery bag  i will come back at the end of 30 <propfemale>  forst come first serve no favorites this time  and as always this is untill supplies invites run out!!!
good night people  enjoy!!!
free mystery bag!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com inthemafia index php?next_params=ytozontpoja7czoxmjoiaw50zxjzdgl0awfsijtpoje7czoxmtoiywnjzxb0x2dpznqio2k6mjtzoje2mzoijmzyb21fdxnlcj0xodexmtg4nda3jnrpbwvfawq9mti2otqyodyxnyzsb29wpwmzmzm5mty0zwvlyzy3ogzmmgm5yzlmnwe0ywnhnzbljml0zw1fy2f0ptemaxrlbv9pzd01mjcmz2tlet1jyzg2mzg2ywiyzwm4ztnknwu5nzaxnjkznjmyn2u1mczhy3rpdmvodxn0bgu9c2vuzf9nawz0cyi7fq%3d%3d
is bored    no one on facebook to chat with 
inspirasyon sa pamamagitan ng isang kaibigan ng minahan ng     ako isipin ako ay sapalarang gawin-update ng status sa iba't-ibang wika iba pang kaysa sa ingles      at sa isang panig tandaan     <propfemale> dapat mong kilalanin ito lanugae   wink 
plz i need 2 more itr's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 i am almost done with the lvl 3 underboss job tier 
one more day people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"est forcé en fo à <propfemale> jeu de base-ball foutu de mère… vraiment vraiment vraiment, foutu base-ball de haine ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !"
i hate base ball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trading entire st <propfemale>'s day collection (individual or as a group) please let me know if intrested 
"in a bit of a tough spot here    have a friend who may have been raped    i dont know what to do    i dont know her in real life what to do  so much i wanna say about her but i dont know if i should or not (there is an age difference, and im not into her like that, but i dont know about her) "
im outta here people  good night  im probably gunna be off for a few days so ill see you when i see you  enjoy!!!!
really good tip here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: to all those who did the disney world give a day get a day promotion     before july 15th (for military families only) you can upgrade your ticket for $21 to a 4 day ticket (single park) for florida residents i believe you can do the same for slightly more but before may 30th    but you must go to will call at the ticket and transportation center   
happy easter everyone!!! and to those who are jewish happy passover!!!
just figured out to access some parts of facebook for free on my phone (im testing it out now) 
hey guys i was looking at my calender a few <propfemale> ago and it turns out i cant go to daytona if only i had remebered the compition earlier i could have gone  sad 
"needs some news songs for his playlist    any seggestions? and please what ever you do please do not suggest rihanna, <propfirst> brown, lil <propmale>, and or any country music  i do not those artists and or they're music and i really do not like country music "
still cracking up from when <propmale> found that surprise im his bag earlier 
i know i run the risk of having a few jokes at my e playful ense when i say this but    i think i may have sprained my wrist   it really hurts when i bend it backwards
sitting working on the hybrid eating some pizza    good times 
whos driving up there saturday? if you are what time do you plan on leaving and what time do you plan on coming back    i really want to go if i can squeeze the competition in    i am willing to chip in for some gas if need be 
"about to get started on whats about to be a long weekend    so much kicking in the butt for procrastinating to do, never enough time    "
whos driving up there saturday? if you are what time do you plan on leaving and what time do you plan on coming back    i really want to go if i can squeeze the competition in    i am willing to chip in for some gas if need be 
making a video to with his speech  its going to be awesome (in my opinion) great music along with the video and pics i decide to throw in!!!!!!!!!!!!
man    murphys law strikes again     maybe next time 
just got back from the second of my 2 trips today    first the hybrid rocket competition    and now the play ragtime staring <propfirst> <propfemale> (and he is actually pretty good to)
getting to work after a long day yesterday
this project is frustrating    so much speculation its hard to find an accurate source of info  i can use looking for            
"this sucks    i accidentally stab my self in class at least 7 times on the same hand, and now its raining    and i still have to finish up a project tonight   "
need to focus on work    if you need and or want to talk me send me a text or a pm 
attention mafia!!! as much as i enjoy helping you out with your respect gifts i am going to have to ask you to stop sending them for a few days     just long enough for me to get caught up on them  thanks for understanding!!!!!!!!
kinda dissapointed at my performance in speech class    i think i should have been more prepaired 
wtf?!?!?!?!?!?  i was looking up what fml means (i am serious when i say i didnt know what it meant     so i go to urbandictionary com and look it up  i get to defintion #3 and it says in the e playful lanation and well    read for your self: http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=fml&defid laugh 726395
man    as much as i love this song    i need to get another alarm tone    
"sitting here waiting to see advisor    takeing forever    man all i want to do is see what classes i have left to take, and e playful lore my plans a, b, & c options "
  or aas take like 2 or 3 more classes (not all are transferable)
sweet!!! just found out that i have 2 options if i want a second degree here  go for the aa and take like 5 or 6 courses (all of them are transferable)  
one of my cousins found me on facebook    i had to take a second look (almost didnt recognize her)
well people im outta here for the night    good night everbody  i fyou want to talk leave me a pm or post on my wall and ill get to it in the morning 
is so looking forward to the weekend!!!
some great speeches today in class    i really liked the one about sailing it looks fun 
is outta here for the night    i am super tired and if i tried to stay up any later i would hit the keyboard and break it    so i wish you all good night sleep well have plasent dreams and whaterver else  enjoy!!!
i have 3 complete tools of the trade collections for whoever can send me 1 item on my wish list (1collection per item) please post here or send me a pm if you want your collection
wow    man i hope i wasnt acting to bad earlier  man a few drinks and im gone    i should do that more often  laugh  i hope i wont have to bad of a hangover in the morning    better yet i hope i remeber what happened in the morning!!!!
congratulations! radical <propmale> won the daily <propmale> and shared his winnings with you  here's what you won: bingo card
just bought killzone 2 for the ps3!!! thanks to my baby sister loaning me $10 to get it 
is in a really good mood    thanks to lots of jokes a few close good friends e playful ense  man what would i do without them  lol
"warning!facebook automatically scans ur brain through ur monitor to block, go to kitchen cabinets>then remove box that says aluminum foil wrap foil around your head, stay calm & breathe through your left nostril this is a serious problem & has been confirmed by cnn,fox & my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's aunt and her pet chihuahua  please copy and paste as your status and save all your friends!!"
"why    i just have to ask that, why  why must all good things come to an end    such a great weekend    and now its almost over    why?!?!?!  sad "
"im doing a group speech project on teens and sex    my portion of it is a solution to the problem ways of slowing it down (stuff like that), so please if you have any credible sources (links are prefered) please let me know  thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
im bored so ill ask everybody this    whats going on in your world life? everything been going good or at least good-ish? if not i still want to hear from you 
"well people    i got alot of work to do today and wont be on facebook as much long as i normally do    so if you need want to talk to me  either call text, email, or send me a pm    thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"before i get started on my work i just want to make a special request, i want everybody to please keep my classmate and his wife in your thoughts and prayers    without going into to much detail this is their second attempt to have a child, and lets just say things didn't work out as planned, and i just know that they will be great parents one day, so please keep them in your thoughts and prayers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
hates this project    why do i always pick things that seem easy and i know alot about but cant find reputable websites as a source of info reference              
sweet!!! i was worried about not taking up enough time on the speech    and i went over by 2-4
awesome book i recommend it to everyone 
ahhhhhh    nothing like a bit of music to help you concentrate while studding 
   to my mother to my father    it's your son or it's your daughter    are my screams loud enough for    you to hear me? should i turn this up for you?     
a big congrats to the u s a f on the successful launch of the classified x-37 payload on top of an atlas-5 rocket out of cape canaveral air force station    acording to the local cbs news channel it will be up there in orbit for a much as 9 months
"seriously    im 21years old, why are you timing me on how long i take in the shower    i understand i live under your roof and i have little responsibilities     but please quit timing me on how long i take in the shower it is annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant even shampoo my hair in the 2 minutes you always accuse me of taking while im in the shower    "
hates this stupid hydraulics class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to say something    but i can think of anything to say  so i wish you all goodnight!!!
this wrist brace thing is really annoying me    
"\so i'm just sitting in this rehab classtrying to get myself unhooked on a** so then my teacher asked me a question like ludacris are you over there sexting ha ha omg lol <propfemale> smiley faces x and o's lmfao my girl went through my cell phonemy girl went through my cell phone my girl went through my cell phone my girl went through my cell phone i said my girl went through my cell phone \"""""
man   just beatiful weather out today    decided to get a bit of exercise (walking about a mile or 2 if that) i should do this more often  laugh 
off to bed    i need my sleep other wise ill be zombified when im working on this study guide    lol
so up set and pissed off i dont know what to say really    (and go ahead laugh if you want becuase i will delete you in less than a heart beat if yo do) i mean i am just devastated and trying to hold back tears   
finally done with fluids for now      only like another 50 assignments left  but ehh    w e my fault i have so many in the first place    procrastination always get ya in the end 
last full week!!!!!! bitter sweet   
outta here for the night    enjoy people!!!!!!!!!!!
"bitter sweet day  found out thanks to a few classmates i can go into advising and request my degree requirements be updated to the current requirements    good news i only have 9 credit left to graduate with an as degree (including a voluntary retake of algebra) bad news i may not be able to get an aa & as degree at the same time  i will complete the requirements for the as first  annoyed  decisions, decisions, decisions   "
ah crap     just looked at my bank account    only enough to pay for one class   
about to go tackle mount laundry basket    wish me luck    i may not return for a while (if at all) lol
5
is glad to report that mount laundry basket has been affect by water erosions and is now reduced to laundry basket hill  lol   
ahhh nothing says good breakfast like pop-tarts and pancakes  lol
sitting in the campus library working on the fluids thing flecther gave us    hating every minute of it  lol  annoyed 
"this just in zynga has added a new feature to the fighting game: \screw my family over\"" costs: 9000 energy reward: you get white screened; we apologize but there was an une playful ected error please comeback another time; you are now level -50000; and your all of your mafia is gone!!! you found the \""bend over mw fans    were going to screw you like you never been screwed before\"" as part of the zynga f***-ups collection"""
you ever get that feeling like your tired and you want to crash    but you cant wont for some reason?
almost an hour    a new record for me  lol
thinking about getting a form spring account    but what should i use as a screen name? (and to my class mates no i will not be using <propmale> shepard or <propmale> <propmale>)
hey i got a question for every one    what is there to do around here other than movies or the space center?
alright who wants to get poked tonight? (talkng about on facebook)
hey guys i lost my notes on the hydraulic circuit diagram    could someone please send me a copy of theirs? (not the symbols packet)
its true what they say    what comes around goes around    my wrist almost completely healded (havnt needed the brace for a few days)    and i start messing with my sister hit my wrists on something and its back to the way it was a week or two ago     sad  let this be a lesson    sisters will get you back one way or another   lol  annoyed 
gunna take break from the computer 
gunna be offline for the rest of the night    f you need to get a hold of me send me a private message    good night people!!!!
man    2 in the morning and i still have more to do   annoyed  we better get a good grade on this   
"picking out classes for the summer      man i miss high school, then i could relax during the summer    but whatever i've had fun so far  lol  laugh "
going to go watch my sisters powder puff practice    its gunna be intresting   laugh 
good night people    and good luck to all those taking finals (or any kind of test) tomorrow!!!!!
"am i crazy for wanting to take all these classes during the summer??? i plan on taking comm 1, college algebra, general psychology 1, and humanities    and the only time i will have off is next week and the week before fall semester starts    "
hey guys if your still working on your pdr for laws class i found a link that has an awesome template layout    its a noaa site but still its gov't website so it should be good    however facebook wont allow me to send post it anywhere so email me if you want the link (it also has references at the end of it)
is it just me or dose it seem like that 1 person you really need want to talk isnt online when you need the m to be???
sitting here in the cocoa campus library    agian    working on the stuff for laws class
1 more to go      not looking forward to it    i hate essays (unless i can type them up)
man been home for several hours    and i am finally   able to settle down and get to work again    lol  annoyed 
"alright people    i know i say my phone is always on and i usually have nothing to do all day but please use common sense   if the sun hasnt even fully came up yet chances are its to early to be calling    if its past 111 chances are its to late at night to be calling  i have facebook, texting, whatever name it and chances are i have it (except twitter and myspace)"
man     2 years go by fast!!! only seems like a few weeks ago i showed up for my first day of class   
just got back home after what seems like forever out there in that heat     now what to do for the next week or so   
"alright i got this song stuck in my head but i dont know the name of it    i know its buy the rolling stones but i just dont know the name     in the song the go something like \dododo dodod\"" (if that makes sense) or something like that    someone please tell me what it is"""
"dear new mafia and or mob members!!!:to those who have recently added me, i apologize if i do not send out invites to you right away, i am doing some spring cleaning with my mafia, or i should say those who have had a request for at lest a month, and have not added me to their mafia mob, warnings to them will be sent out soon  so if you would like to add me, please send me the invite and i will accept it  thanks!!!"
this is a heads up warning    please add me to your mafia and or mob you have one week to do this or else you will be deleted!!! if are part of one but not the other please tell me and i will delete you  thanks!!!!
finally made it to my sisters powder puff game!!! and an added bonus ran into to some friends of mine from jrotc!
"good long day today     first i helped a neighbor set up their internet, then the rocket launches, then i walk about 3 4 of the way from the cocoa campus, to mclarty stadium for my sisters powder puff game, ran into a dude who invited me to go paintballing (which sounds like fun), then at the stadium i ran into some of my friends from jrotc    good day!!!"
happy mothers day to all moms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"grades are posted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got 1 a, 2 b's, 2 c's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have only sent i suggestion out lately (that person already accepted it last week) i do not know if it is true but i have heard there is a virus going around (i dont know how it affects your account and privacy) but please ignore any friend suggestions that were supposedly sent by me!!!!!!! thanks!!!!
congrats to all those who have just recently graduated and are graduating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
need some help here    i told my mom about the offer from spacetec (its kind of like the aerospace version of the ace certification for automotive techs  only its not required) i really dont want to take but my mom wants me to and has guilted me into at least seriously concidering takeing it  
out wacthing a few my friends graduate    man it kinda feels wierd wathcing from the stands this time   ehh who cares their day not mine    congrats guys!!!!!!!
"your gold treasure chest contained some awesome stuff!\\ 20 reward points"
what was i thinking when i signed up for these classes    takeing a look at my humaniteis class (online)         this is going to be brutal    
people please send me mystery bags!!!!! i need some rp if i wanna finish <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
after lots of thought and some very helpful advice from a few friends    i decided to go a head and take a shot at that certification test (cant hurt)     thanks to everyone who put in their 2 cents (and <propfirst> for you its more like a dime  lol  playful )!!!
"i have a question for everbody     is the an insect repellant for love bugs? i hate flying bugs especially lovebugs!!!!! i find them to be the most annoying thing of all time    would rather sit there and listen a bad remix of a country song, rihanna, and lil <propmale> at a baseball game (neither of which i like) the to go through a swarm of those things!!! so please is there an insect repellant for them!?!?!?"
"i am fucking tired of these news segments on what the \latest\"" risk of cancer is  just holy shit    is there anything that dosnt cause cancer? in a few years from now    they figure out that taking at shit can give u colon cancer sooo    let’s see here drank some milk today   stomach cancer   uh let’s see here   took a breath of fresh air    lung cancer took out the trash     skin cancer hmm    """
finally going to get a good nights sleep this week     laugh 
"outa here for the night    extremely tired an dfalling asleep at the computer    good night, good luck, & enjoy people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
does anybody have the name and number for the spacetech guy? i cant find my slip with all his info on it   
got 2 complete tools of the trade collection sets and 1 complete st  <propfemale>'s day collection set for trade for one <propfemale> off my wishlist!!!!
about to go over to a buddies hgouse for the weekend play some poker tonight and have fun the rest of the weekend  laugh 
wow    get back froma few days away from facebook    100+ requests     sorry guys going to have to ignore a few if i want to clean up my request <propfemale> thing   
for all college students taking summer classes and are eligible for the pell go talk to the financial aid office at your college    the have just started a new system and those who are qualify can recieve a year-round pell <propmale>    which is great becuase i get my money back basically (and then some) that i put torwards the summer term  now to find a decent starter car to buy and or down payment on   laugh 
"correct me if im wrong but this is never a good combo on a night before an algebra test     i have facebbok chat open (soon to be closed) listening to linkin park, and <propfirst> iglesias on youtube    man i need to learn how to close out some of these things every once in a while    lol"
"to all my freinds who have recently enlisted and or graduated with a commision i am makeing an offer to you guys    ill buy you one 1 drink of your choice (any kind, as long as i can afford it, lol)    just look me up and let me know your schedual and we can work out all other details    open ended offer so i can wiat till you get back from basic and or ait"
attention: fb has changed all posts to automatically to post to yourself only - you need to go to your profile and click on the lock then select the customize option you can lock this to show to friends only or everyone so you do not have to click it every time  then before saving it check the box to the left to make    it your default option 
special one time offer    next person to join my mafia get the the first <propmale> from my cs   
im looking to start a war with  someone    is there anyone in my mafia who does not mind me declaring war on them?
miraculously somehow finds a way to be super tired even though i don’t do anything all day other than stare at a computer screen and eat… 
just got my reef shark (for mafia wars)not to long ago so for those who play treasure island i will be re-blocking the app soon so please save your gifts for people that actually play the game   
"i hope that everyone is enjoying their memorial day, but let’s not forget the reason why we celebrate it, thank you to all those who have served int the armed forces!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
needs some opion    i want get a car truck    but i dont know what kind to get (it would be my first car) and dont have a clue on what i should get at all all i know is i would pefer a pickup truck but my price range is 2k and under and of course i want something that is in really good condition that would require little to no maitaince at all (other than the basic oil change and stuff like that)
great    im going to need my mom to quit wacthing these segments that are giving facebook bad publicity    she is going to go through and make me delete everyone i i dont know i real life    so looks like a year or so of building up my mafia is goning down the drain    and possibly with that many people gone there will be no point in playing so    looks like im done with mw
"in order to compramise with my mom (aka get her off my back about my friends list and my info and stuff like that)    i have another account and have sent out all the requests already (and this makes it easier to find the stuff that i actually care)    if i sent out a request to you already from the other account please accept it    i promise it is not a scam, or anything like that    thanks for understanding guys!!!"
i recently sent out a crap load of red bags    could someone please send me that link so that all can enjoy one    thank!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who plays yoville?
congratulations!you cleared the full board and earned:    24 bonus e playful erience!you earned a bonus koh-i-noor diamondyour record on this board was 4-5  you can get better at robbing by:growing your mafiaincreasing your attack skill
im thinking to have a contest    who ever can give me the best answer to a question and there would be voting involved in it would get a 7-11 code     what do you guys think?
got my uber gift    how abiut you guys    who else has giot their uber gift from 7-11 and zynga??
"for those who play mafia wars farnville yoville i have an extra 7-11 code for trade    let me know what your willing to trade for it  it is off of a hotdog box  you have by 10 surprise 0 pm us est to make me an acceptable offer or it goes to some close friends of mine who are dying to get their hands on an extra code \\the code comes from a hotdog box    so please make your offer i got it earlier today around lunch time "
less than an hour left in my offer to trade for a 7-11 code 
sending out mw red bags    first 10 people post a reply to this get one!!!
"i still got a few drinks in me from an earlier 21st b-day party i went earlier    im trading one 7-11 code code either 1 lotto piece  or 5 hunters, obo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go, go, go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 20 <propfemale>  this offer is open!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"alright imma have a quick contest here    whoever can guess the closest to what <propmale> was , with all the drinks i had gets a free 7-11 code, contest ends in 24 hrs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! come on ppl take a shot at it    what have you got to lose?!!?!?!!?!??!?!??!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!"
one completed valentines day collection set up for trade make me an offer!!!!!!!!!!
got an extra <propmale> ball for trade    looking for brazil ball
just saw ironman     it was freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i will dish-out to get that one on blu-ray as soon as it comes out (if its not out already)      man the second one was better than the first!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a call from someone earlier today as well as 2 text messages    who was it? the number is: (321) 961-3686    
"your gold treasure chest contained some awesome stuff!\ 50 reward points"
"heres the deal people    once i get my math test back to day    if i do good i give out w e 7-11 codes i have at the end of the day    if i dont   then oh well, sorry guys!"
getting off of facebook for now    comm 1 paper + fb fb games = failure    
"to all those i have made plans with this weekend: i have cancel what we were planning to do this weekend, i have a paper to do for comm1 and i do not have a whole lot done    i would hate to fail any of my classes especially a <propmale> rule class     thanks for understanding i would love to still hangout and do whatever we were planning, if you want to reschedule call me up and we can find another day to do this   "
alright people im feeling good today           free 7-11 codes!!! the catch is that they may not work and they all from the same type of product     first come first served 1 code per person! come on ppl get your free code now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am going to be away from facebook for a few days    got a ton of work to do in a short amount of time     so send me a private message if you wanna get a hold of me    thanks guys    see ya in a few days!!!!!!!1
is taking the evening off     i dont want to see any thing to do with research papers until tomorrow   
is re-organizing his friends list    if you play any facebook games please tell me what they are so i dont waste any invites    thanks guys!!! (if you dont play any games then ignore this     as im sure you were planning to do in the first place)
who needs and or wants what collection item (the exceptions are diamonds a lotto loot) i even have 7-11 codes    first come first served if one of your mafia members needs anything please suggest them to me (still looking to e playful and mafia)    7-11 codes are one per person per day  laugh  ask away people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (offer end tuesday)
"is stuck with the unfortunet pleasure of writing 250 about a ballet      i wish this class would go over something other than <propmale>, and different <propmale> forms  i want a real history book, that has detailed timelines with technological inventions that have forever impacted world culture (or at the very least american culture), or wars    when will we read about the ww2? for the most p<propmale> <propmale> is just not my thing     annoyed "
"2 free 7-11 codes to the person with the funniest joke (yes they are from two different products) i dont care what kind of humor it is    funny is just funny, simple as that!  laugh "
good night people    its off to bed with me so that i can wake up a 6am for an 8am class    oh joy psychology   
"check this out annoyed https annoyed  faceinspace nasa gov index aspx"
will be takeing a break from facebook for the rest of day    see ya sunday people  laugh 
needs a haircut      annoyed 
will be having another contest soon    keep an i out for it  laugh 
wants some suggestion for cheap drinks that come in a six pack   planning to kick back with a friend tomorrow   and need some suggestions    but i dont want to sacrafice to much alchohol content      any suggestions?
"\what time is it?????      to damn early to be up     \"""""
has a netflix trial    but i dont know what movies to wacth    any suggestions? no chickflicks please!!!
"did anyoneelse get something similar to this????\\facebook gave you 20 free credits\use these 20 free facebook credits (a $2 00 usd value) to buy premium items in wild ones or your other favorite games  enjoy"
<propfirst> linden = <propmale> homo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is tired of doing all these contests     just ask and ill give you a 7-11 code    i know i owe 1 or 2 people a code but i will get to it when i am not so busy    finals week and i have not studied at all    
"want to test something from my psychology book if you guys dont mind  given the following words which one dose not belong in the series? skyscraper, cathedral, <propfemale>, prayer    i want to see what most people say   dont read the other comment just post what your answer is please    thanks guys  laugh "
"same thing as the last one ofr the most part    given the following words which one is the odd item? cathedral, prayer, <propfemale>, skyscraper  once again i want to see what most people say   so please dont read the other comments just post what your answer is please    thanks again guys  laugh "
i can finally see the light of safety at the end of the tunnel     oh nope thats the paramedics flashlight to see if im ok from nearly drowning in essays and research papers      annoyed 
not looking forward to jury duty tomorrow     sad 
well     i did it again    i went over my messages again    i went over by 7 so far    so please call me if you want to talk    or i will post an alternate number on saturday that you can text (or call me) at    so call me!!!!!!
heads up to those who are intrestead    i heard that lockheed-martin got a contract extension with the dod for apachee helicopters   
about to try to defeat one of the feds again please help    who eever kills him gets half my remaining 7-11 codes thanks guys!!!!
imma start on the final fed later     whoever lands the killshot or whoever does the most damage will get all of my remaining 7-11 codes     and a huge tahnks from me    lol
about to post fed help     remeber i am giving aways all remaining 7-11 ccodes i have left to the person who does the most damge or the person who lands the kill shot
stun guns tasers please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fighting the final boss     lots of stunguns tasers plaese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! will send back i promise!!!
does anyone have any extra bollywood film rolls? if so please send as many as you can spare to me    thanks  laugh 
please send me any film rolls you can spare    i will trade for them if need be    
please send me more film rolls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
please!!!!!!!!!!!! send film rolls to me!!!!!!!!!!!! please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
please if you can send me film reels!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i know i keep saying this over and and over again guys but please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! send me more fils rolls in mafia wars!!!!!!!!!! thanks!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
attention those who play mafia wars!!!!!!!!!!1: please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if you have not already sent one or you have and are able to send me another one please!!!! send me more film reelsand to those who have sent one already thanks  laugh  you were a huge help  laugh  if you want me to return the favor let me know and i will be more than happy to see what i can do     laugh 
please!!!!!!!!!!!!! send me a bollywood film rolls!!!!!!!!!!! thanks  laugh 
mafia wars players!!!!sorry to keep posting this and bugging everybody (im sure your getting tired of it    but please send me a film roll if you can    thanks  laugh  and to those whos chat i appeared on sorry to bug you like that    but thanks for your help  laugh 
as i was looking through my friends list earlier to ask people on their chat to help me out with something on mafia wars i noticed one thing    i have very good looking and betutiful ppl as friends    so if you think you fall into that catagory click like  laugh  and good night everyone  laugh  enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"i have an announcement for every one     i am no longer activily playing most of the games i have been playing     i am no longer actvily playing fronteirville, mafia wars, mobster 2     honestly i am getting tired of these games    they are boring and repetitive and honestly very mundane    feel free to suggest friends to me i will continue to add on more people to help them     thanks guys  laugh "
often wonders why is it the the best of us often e playful ereince the worst of things?!?!?!?!?!?!
anyone know a free and legit website that i can submit an english paper to to check over it for grammar and punctuation errors?????
just outta couriousty who plays wild ones ?
changed my name as a dare joke from a freind  laugh  no worries peopl it will go back soon enough  laugh  lol
anyone know of a historical fiction book about ww2 or the cold war? i need one for my history class and if imma read it it might as well be a subject that catches my interest   
