b892be676a867e36d5c300371c383316
looking for rodeos happening soon   i want to watch some bull riding?
is painting her hat tonight   habitat starts tomorrow!!!
loves her pink hat!!!!!!!!! so excited for habitat tomorrow 
loves her pink hat!!!!!!!!! so excited for habitat today!!!!!!!
had a blast at habitat today!!!  hopefully it won't rain tomorrow so we can keep working!
"is bummed   it's raining, so i don't think we'll be building today   sad "
is planning an overnight trip to vegas for the pbr world finals!  october 30 and 31   who wants to go with?!?!?
has realized that the music choice channels play the same songs in a loop about ever 3 hours   this is the third time i've heard strange by <propfemale> mcentire   now it's time for a castle fix 
can't sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  but i'm so tired  sad 
"i am super tired and i feel kinda sick, but it was totally worth it "
is wondering why men have to be so complicated   and why they have to be such jerks 
wants to be an hleo when she grows up 
is about ready to give up on the entire male species 
is wondering if anyone else eats oreos with a fork    and peanut butter   
rocking the mc lars!!!  hurricane fresh!  i can't believe i remember the words 
i got me a bike!!! i'm so happy   now i just need to put some air in the tires and then i can go all over town   woo hoo!
just finished her first early morning bike ride   
mba orientation    yay!  then either a long bike ride or apartment hunting   not sure yet 
is trying to find one to two more roommates   anyone interested in moving to wichita in december january?
just finished watching 17 again    so good!
is going to class 
accounting homework and cleaning    joy!
darn you economy package internet!!!  why must you download so slow?  it's probably because i'm cheap   
"finally got started cleaning    dishes are clean, computer is back in bedroom, sewing machine is not in the middle of the dining room anymore    almost done!"
"after numerous showers and deep scrubbing of my hands, i still have dirt and salt under my nails from the salt plains   "
"had fun at the fair tonight   tomorrow is going to be a great day packed with sleeping, sewing and cleaning   woohoo "
is getting baptized today!
"knows that no matter what happens, today is going to be a great day!"
"is somewhat studying, but mostly playing with her new pink netbook "
"finishing up work, med clinic, then studying for my accounting test   "
is wondering if sneezing blood is normal?  i'm thinking not   let's pray it goes away on it's own 
8 hours of work followed by a fun-filled dentist appointment   can this day get any better?
was awoken by the evil pager at 7am on a saturday morning   i guess that's my que to get up and get ready   it really is going to be a fun week   
was awoken again by the evil pager at 8 smile 0am    i'm still hoping to go to brunch this morning but it's not looking promising 
actually got about 7 hours of uninterrupted sleep last night    no early morning pages   hopefully i can make it through church and lunch with megs before it goes off again 
i am soooo excited for castle tomorrow night!!!
i got to watch the pilot for cougar town early and i really liked it!
t-minus 13 hours until house   t-minus 15 hours until castle!!!!!  i cannot wait!  work is going to go by so slow today 
"is finally going to bed   another long day ahead   somewhat looking forward to the mission accompished luncheon tomorrow, yet, somehow apprehensive about it "
is wondering what they're serving at this luncheon    hope it's yummy 
"accounting, then sleep!"
yay early morning workouts    now it's time to get ready for a great day!
why do mondays have to come so early?!
watching what's left of rent while sewing and apartment hunting 
had an amazing sandwich from blimpie and just found out that <propfemale> and <propfirst> strait are coming to wichita in february    could it get any better?  i don't think so 
mmmmm    coffee
getting ready to watch me some veggietales!!!
is so happy the on-call week is over   sorry <propfirst>   smile 
"is thankful for fresh, clean sheets!!!"
taking a short break from cleaning packing    maybe a little longer than short   we'll see 
"so, i was looking at costumes for guinea pigs (yes they make them) and one of the pics that came up was of a fried guinea pig on a plate ready to be eaten    not a costume, a real dead fried guinea pig   pretty sure, i'm over fried food for a while "
"i am super excited   tomorrow is friday   i'm getting my hair done on saturday   thanksgiving dinner in goddard saturday night, and then a peaceful sunday "
i made it home and mom had no clue i was coming!  i'm so happy she was surprised   she seemed to be happy!
is having a very hard time motivating myself to finish this paper 
wish me luck   
is getting ready for my presentation tonight and wondering if a guinea pig is ok as a white elephant gift?   smile 
"finished my presentation, finished the stockings, now going to bed   hopefully the stockings are dry by the morning "
hates packing!  losing motivation quickly   i guess there's always the motivation that i have to be out by next monday because they've already leased my apartment to someone else     nope   not working yet 
"is slowly but surely getting packed   it would probably go faster without the pause for facebook updates   anyway, the kitchen is almost done and so is the bathroom    it's pretty much just my bedroom   ugh"
has about 2 hours to write a paper that will definitely require more than 2 hours to be written    darn sunday hours at the computer lab 
"i still don't know how i did on that test, but i found out i can still get a b even if i failed it as long as i do really good on the last two assignments "
ugh    can't wait for the semester to be over 
may actually be able to save her old laptop!  sweet!
was actually able to save her old laptop!  i'm on it right now and it's working like a champ!
moving day!
finally finished the last piece of the puzzle for tonight  i have internet   and now i'm going to bed   goodnight 
"getting ready for a good, long week "
"was just told to look at the bigger picture   that even though i have to walk a mile to get to class during basketball season, i'm still getting my education   it's true, but not what i wanted to hear from police and safety   i think i was just e playful ecting too much "
so excited that the semester is over   now all that's left is to get my grades   ok   the excitement factor just went down a little 
got a b in accounting!  now just waiting for my management class 
had so much fun with everyone tonight   i can't wait for our veggietales marathon next year!
"super excited!!! i got my grade for mgmt803!  i got my b!!!!!  well, it's a b-, but i can handle that!  yay!  next semester will be much better   hey!  i may still get my good student discount   today really is a good day!"
thinks she may have found a way to stick it to the man!  but doesn't want to jinx it   i'll let you know how it works out   smile 
is getting excited   i leave for kc tomorrow after work and nj on wednesday   now everybody tell the weather to cooperate with my plans   i really do not want to be stuck in milwaukee 
t-minus 4 hours and counting 
2 hours to go    had to stop the <propmale>    just couldn't take it   hopefully i'll find something else
"i made it home finally   actually, i got in really early this morning  <propfemale> christmas everyone!  hope everyone has a great day!"
i love the world's strongest man competition!  keg toss!!
officially dislikes the plus minus grading system at wsu!
went dress shopping for <propfemale>'s wedding and found one i love! i was already excited for the wedding  now i'm super excited 
got her shoes for the wedding!  super excited <propfemale>!!!  can't wait 
not a huge fan of the financial aid office at wsu   
getting ready for bed   tomorrow is <propfemale>'s wedding and then <propfemale> and <propfirst> are heading down to surprise me for my birthday!  can tomorrow get any better?  i don't know 
today is <propfemale>'s wedding and then <propfemale> and <propfirst> are heading down to surprise me for my birthday! it's gonna be a great day!
homework       and getting laundry done   i don't know how i feel about this    being productive sounds a lot like work 
just finished cleaning out my car   it looks so clean and shiney   let's see how long that lasts   now to start the laundry and cleaning around the apartment   hopefully i'll be able to just relax in my clean apartment tonight    we'll see 
somebody please turn of the crying baby next door     it's not really crying   more like screaming at the top of it's <propfemale> little lungs     woke me up from my nap   sad 
"so my downstairs neighbor finally got the baby to stop crying    then i went to get some groceries and the crying baby sound followed me there   and continued to cry the entire time i was there   right now, i think i could go about 10 years without having a baby "
is getting ready for class   i just want to go to bed   at least tomorrow is payday!  woo hoo!
just won a dodge viper!!! i love the price is right   don't ask for a ride though   it's imaginary 
is finally ready for bed  i'm all packed    i think   breakfast with <propfemale> then off to <propfirst>'s bridal and picking up some groceries before picking up daddy at the airport and getting on the road 
"looking at apartments, getting ready for my mid-term, trying to stay awake "
"is in need of sponsors for bowl for kids' sake   we're raising money for big brothers big sisters   if anyone is interested, let me know "
"is looking for somebody with an extra motorcycle who would be will to let me borrow it to practice on   i passed my test and will have my license in a few days, but i don't have a bike to practice on until june july "
getting ready to take some nyquil and go to bed   it's not even 5pm    i hate being sick 
is trying to pick the best bridal shower game(s)   any advice?
"had a great time last night watching the thunder demolish the lakers with destiney, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfemale>   now, after being awake for 22 hours, i'm going to bed "
just got done at the gym   time for a shower   then relaxing and watching castle with <propfemale>!
"what a great day!!!  i was productive at work, got my new license with my m endorsement, went for a bike ride around sedgwick county park and just found out that castle has been picked up for a third season!!!!  can today get any better?"
"is playing with her new phone   so glad it's the weekend, not so glad that i'm on call   hopefully it will be a quiet weekend   happy easter!"
stupid turkey    you are so delicious but i am so tired now  i have stuff to do but i think i can afford an hour nap 
is just about ready for the week 
finally knows where she'll be living in may 
"tanning, grocery shopping, baking, and homework  it's going to be a late night "
is it time to go home yet? no? oh man  it's gonna be a long afternoon 
got my case study done  feeling pretty good about it  didn't get my laundry folded  not too upset about it  going to bed now  nighty night 
just had a sno cone for dinner   awesome   now i'm getting ready for class   party 
rip <propmale> - 12 13 99 - 04 27 10
"knows that no matter what happens today, it's going to be a good day "
just got the keys to my new apartment!  found two huge ugly black spiders   will be heading to the store soon to buy spider killin spray!
"ok   i think i killed all the spiders   i'm going to go over and check it out   newsflash: when the fogger directions say leave immediately, it's not a joke   i've never coughed like that in my life "
"almost done   just one carload left, but my feet are killing me so i'm calling it a night   goodnight all "
i fixed my washer all by myself  and it works  and so does the dryer  no fire! i think we can call it a success 
working on my final    hoping to get it done tonight and be done for the semester!  i guess we'll see how that goes 
"so, i didn't finish my final today, but i got a good start on it   i am planning on finishing it tomorrow night   it will definitely be done by the end of tuesday night, as it is due on wednesday "
"working on my final    i will get it finished tonight   most definitely    well, probably "
i finished my final  and it's way before midnight  go me! i think i have to get at least a 39 on the paper to keep my b  i'm pretty sure i'm alright   now it's time for bed   working early tomorrow 
finally getting around to unpacking a little bit  my car i almost completely empty of moving stuff 
had a great night tonight  goodnight all 
got an 87 on my final   woo-hoo   gotta wait to talk with the professor to see if i'll get the b+ and get off probation 
"really enjoyed the cheesy, beefy, crunchy, munchy, yummy, nummy dip at <propfirst> o'kelly's   now it's time to clean "
"all of my boxes are unpacked   now i just have to tackle the mountain of clean clothes on my bed from said boxes   i may get to sleep in my bed tonight, but the couch is more likely "
getting ready to head down to haysville to paint 
boiling eggs and planning a bridal shower   
"the am was filled with great worry, but the pm was filled with great news   1 - there was no water damage to my downstairs neighbor's stuff    woo hoo   2 - i'm going back to nj in august to meet the new baby and see my family and friends   3 - i just got a bunch of free jewelry for hosting a jewelry party for <propfemale> hartzler   4 - tomorrow is payday   does it get any better?"
got the washer put back into place last night (thanks <propfirst> gilmartin)  and the ok from the office to use it     haven't felt brave enough to try it but i'm going to have to so i have some clean clothes   we'll see how it goes 
excited for a day off from work spent with good friends  not sure what we're going to do but i'm sure we'll think of something 
finishing up the invitations for <propfemale>'s shower and i must say they look great   i hope everyone is having a great day 
had a fun night playing cards with <propfirst>'s family  going home to get some sleep before what's sure to be a long four day week 
going to bed so i'll be ready for my early morning workout  4:15 is going to come too soon 
finally finished the invitations to the shower   now i just need to get stamps and send them out    that will have to wait until tomorrow   heading out for a while 
"for those of you following the quest for a dress, i found it today  now i just need shoes  heading to the water park with destiney and <propfirst> "
"swimming, wings, and now movies  great saturday!"
i love raise day! i wish everyday was raise day!
"had a great night tonight   sloppy <propfirst>'s with great friends, then playing in the rain   now i'm off to bed so i can get up for the 5 smile 0 am workout "
going to watch my first arena football game   go wichita wild!!!
"had a blast last night with destiney <propmale>, <propfirst> soyez and <propfemale> hartzler at the game   now i'm heading to church then back home to clean   my whole day of cleaning yesterday only ended up being about an hour so i've got a lot to do   then captivating tonight at 6pm "
going to hydroboxing at 7   woohoo!
my mom and dad will be here in 5 days and 18 hours    give or take a few hours   smile 
my mom and dad will be here in 4 days and 20 hours    give or take a few hours  woo hoo!
"getting the chip in my windshield fixed, picking up tickets for tomorrow night,  then going home and cleaning  party  i think i'll make tacos for dinner "
really enjoyed smokey <propfirst>'s cafe at century ii  going to bed now  goodnight world 
"going to my last day of work before vacation, then finishing up laundry so i can go to the drive-in   then tomorrow, 10am hair appointment and then shortly after i'm done, <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propmale> <propfirst> will be here!!!!!!!!"
change of plans    mom and dad should be here around 11! woo hoo!
my mom and dad are here!!!  yay!
"working on bridal jeopardy and other bridal shower items, hanging out with <propfemale> green  and <propmale> singer, and then heading to <propfirst> with my cousin <propfemale> <propfirst> "
ok   i think we've bought everything we need to buy except a little more food we need to pick up at <propfirst>'s tomorrow   i'm really excited for the shower on saturday!  now i'm getting ready to go out to dinner in <propfirst> with <propfemale> <propfirst> 
"back in wichita   had a great time at the shower and then at fire and ice   still, i'm glad to be back in wichita so i can sleep in my bed for the first time in over a week   church in the morning    i need to check the weather to see if i can take the scooter   "
waiting for a break in the rain so i can go check my mailbox   it might be a while 
rode to the gym today on the scooter then back to the storage unit due to rain   took care of scooby and now i'm back home   i'm going to run a load of laundry and then go to bed so i have a decent <propmale> of waking up at 4 smile 0 tomorrow morning 
"surprisingly, i enjoyed ninja assassin   had fun with destiney <propmale> and <propfirst> soyez    i'm still achy from the trainer yesterday so i'm going to bed to relax    we're trying ultimate strength and cardio tomorrow    this will be           something "
"enjoying a lazy saturday, but fighting the feeling that i had plans and don't remember them   if only <propfemale> hartzler was here   she always reminds me when i forget about plans "
at the loony bin  never been here before but i've heard good things 
had fun last night   getting ready to go to church 
god is good!!!
"finishing up a work issue, cleaning laundry, going to see marmaduke, then savanah's going away party   it's going to be a long day "
going over to <propfemale>'s for movie night   so excited to be going home in 5 days!  hopefully the sharks will cooperate and we can go swimming in seaside   
sitting in kci waiting for my airplane   can't wait to be home for a few days 
just landed in philly    let the vacation begin!
hopping in the shower so i can go to church  then storybook land and bowling before heading down to ac 
just landed in <propfemale>  should be boarding for kc soon 
has officially made it back home  i am sitting in my apartment about to get ready for bed 
"ready to start a fun day of cleaning, laundry and a few other errands "
"just finished watching \shall we dance\""    cried like a baby as usual   now getting ready for what's bound to be an early morning   good night all """
has had a pretty long week so far   two more days of work and then off to osborne with <propfemale> hartzler 
just got back from <propmale> with <propfemale> hartzler   now just waiting for laundry to go in the dryer before heading to bed 
sitting at spangles waiting on an oil change at firestone  so thankful for free wifi 
needs to get a job at spangles so i can listen to his awesome music all day 
trying to get some cleaning done but finding that i have no motivation   
is beginning to feel discouraged   but this will pass 
"is on an on call intermission from ddr   good timing shop   i'm about 1 2 way done   460 cals down, 540 to go   woo hoo!"
"\for nothing is impossible with god \"" http annoyed  read ly luke1 37 niv"""
"ran one whole mile today   in under 15 minutes   for a runner, that sucks   but for me, that's pretty awesome   let's see what tomorrow brings "
is thinking the double shot of espresso at 10pm might not have been the best decision 
"somehow started thinking about brown recluse spiders and now even if i was tired, i couldn't sleep  grrr   "
had found the best reason for checking the weather before you leave for the day     rain hurts 
trapped in my car until the hail stops  my poor car 
survived the storm  only three small dents in my hood  pizza should be here soon 
hello weekend  i've missed you so 
"habitat today and then movie night with <propfirst> cowell, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> hartzler"
spent the majority of the day on a roof   was scary and exciting all at the same time   i can now say i decked a roof 
"had a fun workout with destiney <propmale>, just found out castle season 2 is on it's way to me  and <propfemale> hartzler and i are getting ready to watch the season premier of ncis!  good day!"
at the library at wsu before group tonight 
had a good night at newspring with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  time to hop in the shower then get stuff together for tomorrow  presentation at esu and then my sleep study tomorrow 
"finally watched the blind side and it was soooooooooo good!  definitely on my top 10   you better believe i cried   ok, now on to make cookies for the fall festival tomorrow "
"so i cried at the blind side    ok, makes sense   then, while waiting for the cookies to bake, i watched the episode of castle from monday that i missed and i cried    makes no sense     good episode though   i highly recommend watching it "
i love football during october!!!  all those men wearing pink gear?!  awesome!
"1 doctor's appointment down, 1 to go  then going to the gym and then going to bed "
"2 appts down, groceries bought, dinner planned, about to start laundry and ready for the gym   it's been a pretty productive afternoon "
should i study for class tomorrow night?  or watch <propfemale> and go to bed?  i think <propfemale>'s going to win this one 
sitting down with about 30 wires attached to my head  they won't let me go to bed yet or i'd be asleep already 
slept in until 10am   beautiful!  now to get some cleaning done before hanging out with <propfemale> kilmer!
had a great time at the movies an the corn maze with <propfemale>! now it's time for bed 
getting ready for turbokick at the northwest y    then back home to do more laundry before castle!!!
getting ready to see <propfemale> underwood with <propfemale> hartzler!!! woo hoo!
had an amazing time at the <propfemale> underwood concert!  she was awesome!!! happy birthday <propfemale> hartzler   now it's time for bed 
is not feeling very good    good excuse to go to bed at 8 smile 0 
watching date night with <propfemale> and bri 
enjoyed both date night and letters to <propfemale>   had a fun night with <propfemale> hartzler and bri   now it's time for bed 
getting ready for church  then coming home to fold laundry and then going back to work on the christmas program 
"had fun with <propfemale> smith young,  and <propfemale> carving and painting pumpkins with the kids  now it's time for bed "
"ran 1 mile without stopping    it felt so good, i stopped to stretch and then i ran another mile  it wasn't at a very fast pace, but it's something i've never done before!  ever   not even in gym class in high school     they let us walk the curves and run the straights "
finished sign language for the night   now it's time for bed 
<propfirst> <propmale> shook my hand! and so did <propfirst> young! be jealous! had a great night with <propfemale>  now it's time for bed 
cleaned out the car finally!  it no longer looks like i'm living out of it   now i just need to finish cleaning and doing laundry and i'll be done 
sign language class and then i get to go home 
not running at 100% today   it's going to be a long day 
just bought hellboy and hellboy 1 and 2  for $6 42  i love hellboy! now it's bunco time! wish me luck!!!
listening to the new <propfemale> cd and waiting for people to get here for play practice  god please give me <propfemale> tonight 
"ready for the weekend!!!  3 days down, 2 to go "
thinks it's time to go to bed    yes before 9pm   i guess i'm officially an old lady 
cleaning   i'm almost done my closets   i've still got to clean the bathroom and kitchen and i have some more laundry to do and i need to run to the laundromat to wash my comforter   looks like the day won't be over anytime soon 
has the munchies    i think i'll just go to bed and not eat  (via http annoyed  www sparkpeople com  )
cannot believe bristol is going on to the finals   what a waste   loved <propmale>'s shocked face when it was revealed thought   he knows the truth   bristol doesn't belong there and <propfemale> shouldn't have been sent home 
ok    now i'm really going to bed 
waiting for my last sign language class to start 
going to the store to pick up baking supplies so i can make some yummy desserts for dinner tomorrow night 
"one dessert done and cooling   one in the oven, almost done   that means two down, one to go   i just hope they taste good "
"finished all three desserts    i hope everyone enjoys them tomorrow night   now, i think i'm off to bed   i'm pretty sleepy "
is probably not going to like what the scale shows on wednesday     sad  (via http annoyed  www sparkpeople com  )
has not had the best week so far     and it's only monday   let's see if tuesday gets better 
so happy bristol didn't win!
"happy thanksgiving everyone!!! i am so thankful and blessed to have such great family and friends   today is going to be a great day spent with some great people, and in a week, i'll be spending some much needed time with my family in nj   i am truly blessed "
"ok    i got the new entertainment center put together, but i haven't put anything on it yet   i think i'll wait until tomorrow to do that   tomorrow will just be a long day of cleaning and laundry   then hanging out with <propfemale> kilmer"
"finally got the tv and stuff on the new entertainment center   that tv is heavy!  anyway, it all fits   woohoo!!!  now it's time to start thinking about cleaning and running a few loads of laundry   i need to clean almost every room in the apartment   scratch the almost   i need to clean every room in the apartment    it's going to be a long couple of hours "
"should be going to bed    but instead, i'll be watching a lifetime movie and crashing on the couch    need to fold my laundry tomorrow for serious "
just had the best pizza pie in kansas with <propfemale> kilmer at bartelli's   tasted similar to marcello's or <propfirst>'s 
getting ready for bed   5 smile 0am bootcamp!  woohoo!  then home in 3 days!!!!!
"almost finished packing then it's time for bed   tomorrow, i'll be on my way to nj!!!  can't wait to see <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> kiernan, puttachai ratchasanmuang, <propfemale> <propmale> and all of my family and friends!"
still at the airport  stupid faulty planes 
"just got home from a night with some good friends  <propfemale>'s, scary seaside, white castle and good times "
going to bed for the last time in nj  leave for ks at 7 smile 0 
getting on the plane on the way bacl to ks   
wishes that the airport people would clean up spills in a timely fashion so i don't fall and hurt my knee 
just landed in wichita 
"just dropped off our adopt a family stuff   and now, to the weekend!!!  looking forward to seeing <propfirst> huhta, <propfemale> wagner-huhta, <propfemale> ellison and everyone else "
needs to stop watching lifetime     the commercials for the craiglist killer movie freak me out 
"just finished watching marry me on lifetime (seriously, that guy on the craigslist killer movie commercial is creepy and they showed it like 20 million times)   now it's time for bed   5 smile 0 am bootcamp, followed by a long day at work (positive thinking    it's snack day!)"
"not a huge fan of shovely <propfirst> out in the parking lot   not sure what he's picking up, but the scraping sound that the shovel makes on the blacktop gives me chills "
just finished a hard training session  now it's time to relax with free unlimited bowling and gokarts  yay!
"had a nice time bowling with <propfemale> hartzler  kinda bummed that work called twice while we were there, but still had fun "
just finished riding 12 82 mi  my legs feel like jello 
going to the dentist and then heading to work   
i love waking up at 10 smile 0 on a saturday morning  especially after napping most of friday night  now i'm refreshed and ready to take on housework  once i finish breakfast   smile 
"nowhere near done with housework, but my kitchen is 95% done, my bathroom is 75% done, and i finished one load of laundry, so i'm getting there "
my fingers hurt  learning to play the bass guitar is painful 
is trying to get serious      playful   not working yet  (via http annoyed  www sparkpeople com  )
2 hours of castle?!?!?!  how lucky can a girl get?
just finished wrapping presents  now it's time to put everything away and relax  btw - i love the scotch popup handband  it made wrapping so easy!
"not exactly how i planned on spending christmas <propfemale>   christmas day, but it's still good   i hope <propfemale>ryone had a good time with family and friends and hopes they remember the real reason for celebrating today   happy birthday jesus!"
wishing i was back on the east coast getting snowed in but knowing if i was i'd be wishing to be in kansas where it's dry  stay safe east coasters and feel free to send a little snow our way 
"wishes she never forgot anything ever  well, some things, but not facts like scheduled doctors appointments  otherwise she makes plans to help people and then realizes long after it's possible to find a replacement that she can't do it  i feel awful when i let people down   sad "
just finished watching the episodes of 8 simple rules right after <propfirst> ritter died   cried like a little baby 
"working on my playlist for the ride to kc tomorrow   excited to see <propfemale> ellison and family!  hopefully, i will also get to see <propfemale> denney and family "
just finished my workout   now it's time to make some dinner and watch castle 
talking to <propfemale> hartzler and getting ready for bed   really looking forward to the last early morning bootcamp tomorrow   then it's off to work i go 
"\for nothing is impossible with god \"" http annoyed  read ly luke1 37 niv84"""
i've got a ceiling fan!  woohoo!!!
super excited for destiney <propmale>'s bachelorette party!
had a great time at destiney's bachelorette party   now it's time for bed 
going to bed after watching like 10 hours of studio 60 with <propfemale>  what a great lazy saturday  i'm still in my jammies  even went to blockbuster in them 
is in love with studio 60   too bad there was only one season!  i wish every man could be like <propmale> tripp  now i'm watching sister act and finishing up my laundry 
"i'm now a capricorn?!  no wonder the horoscopes never were right   i was reading the wrong ones   this e playful lains it!!!!!  this, and the fact that it's a bunch of garbage   but still "
super excited for destiney <propmale> and <propfirst> soyez's wedding tomorrow!  gotta get up early to hit the gym and get some errands done before heading out to <propfemale> 
baking   at 7 on a saturday morning   what is this world coming to?
"most of the baking is done   just need to ice the cakes once they finish cooling   the living room is almost clean, as are the dining room and kitchen   now it's on to the bathroom and bedroom    ugh "
just got home from church and lunch with our new pastor and family  it was amazing to see so many people at our church  i'm very excited to see what god is planning for the assembly  now it's time to finish laundry so i can <propfemale> out with the young adults tonight 
had a fun night watching tv and playing bananagrams and some <propmale> card game (dutch blitz i think) with <propfemale> sellers and her roommate  now it's bedtime  tomorrow morning will come very early 
i hate rejection   enough said   now it's time to finish dinner (ooh special k) and then clean out my car for the trip to hutch tomorrow  yay!  super excited to see <propfemale> ellison!
got studio 60 in the mail today!  good times!
"had a blast in hutch with <propfemale> ellison, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>   excited to see them again next weekend "
"\\""ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you \"" http annoyed  read ly matt7 7 niv"""
"450 calories down, 550 to go   i love ddr, though i may need to sit down for a few minutes "
1 5 hours and 1003 calories later    i'm pooped   time to put a load of laundry in the wash and sit on my bum for the rest of the night!  ooh    and a bowl of special k 
excited isn't the right word because it makes it sound like i can't wait to jump into the lake at watson park tomorrow  i'm anticipating and anxious  i think those are better words 
"thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  thanks to <propfemale>, destiney and <propfirst> for a great night  thanks mom and dad for having me  thanks everyone for being amazing!  i'm truly blessed to have you all in my life!"
"bummed that bunco got rescheduled, but it's probably for the best   the weather is pretty crappy and i've got tons of laundry to do   everyone stay safe and warm "
"so i got to hobby lobby, picked out the frames for our family christmas pictures, went to the checkout counter to pay, and was reminded that i was at hobby lobby    meaning my <propfirst>'s gift card would not work there   i felt like a complete idiot   so then i went to <propfirst>'s and got everything i needed and saved almost $20   all in all, a good night    except the feeling like an idiot part "
sitting in atlanta waiting to board the plane for philly  i can put it up here now  the cat's out of the bag  dad said mom's surgery went well  can't wait to see him tonight and her tomorrow 
still awake  at 2 smile 0 am  tomorrow (today) may be a long day 
just finished dinner with mom and dad  mom is home and doing well  thanks for all the prayers and well wishes  we all appreciate them 
is on an impromptu visit to oklahoma city  let's see how this plays out 
<propfemale> put us up in the sheraton for the night  sweet <propmale> size bed and free shampoos and stuff  no acorns but i did see a fruit bowl  score!
just got the word    another 30 minutes  i'm starting to really dislike fog!
finally back in my own bed  don't get me wrong  the <propmale> size bed at the sheraton was amazing but it's good to be home! good night all  tomorrow will be another long day 
so sleepy  sounds like it's bedtime  hopefully when i wake up my entire body won't ache like it does now 
just got done a 12 mile ride around wichita  i think it is shower and nap time 
"that’s why i urge you to pray for absolutely everything, ranging from small to large  include everything as you embrace this god-life, and you’ll get god’s everything  http annoyed  bible us mark11 24 msg"
"but the master said, “you don’t need more faith  there is no ‘more’ or ‘less’ in faith  if you have a bare kernel of faith, say the size of a poppy seed, you could say to this sycamore tree, ‘go jump in the lake,’ and it would do it  http annoyed  bible us luke17 6 msg"
getting ready to go to the gym with destiney soyez   then a friends night with <propfemale> hartzler   and lunch tomorrow with savanah stansbury   so glad it's the weekend and i get to spend time with my friends 
feels more human now that i've gotten my shower    just relaxing and getting some cleaning and laundry done before dinner with savanah stansbury   then a nap before going into work at 5 smile 0 tomorrow morning  yuck 
"change of plans    still having dinner with savanah stansbury, just not cleaning or doing laundry    that sounds way better "
had a blast at winter jam with <propfemale> hartzler and <propfemale> slothower!  can't wait for next year   now it's time for bed! and a cough drop 
could i be any more tired?
"just watched return to me with destiney soyez   can't believe i've never seen this movie   it was so sweet!  a little sad, but sweet in the end "
"but if you’re not sure, if you notice that you are acting in ways inconsistent with what you believe—some days trying to impose your opinions on others, other days just trying to please them—then you know that you’re out of line  if the way you live isn’t consistent with what you believe, then it’s wrong  http annoyed  bible us rom14 23 msg"
had a great time at the abandon   wavorly concert with <propfemale> kilmer! they rock!
so cute  so glad it worked out to have her over!
just finished filing my taxes tonight   not super exciting but so glad it's done   now it's time for bed so i can get up and go to the gym 
"so, no trip to the gym this morning   i opted for more sleep   may still get a little bit more   then it's time to start cleaning    woo hoo!"
just got done at hr block  now i get to go home and file an ammendment to my state taxes  i knew it was too good to be true 
had fun with <propfemale> ellison at laser quest   now it's time to go to bed so i can get up early for work and church 
will possibly try to get some laundry put away    maybe   then it's off to tarena winkle's with <propfemale> hartzler for night one of <propmale> ramsey's financial peace university
"tired    i think it's going to be an early night   thankfully castle isn't new tonight, so i don't have to stay up to watch it "
so much for my early night    doing some <propmale> ramsey homework   this is somewhat depressing   ahhhhh    i hate money management!
is feeling motivated   let's see how far it goes  (via http annoyed  www sparkpeople com  )
"redbox is the best - you can rent dvds for $1 a night with no membership fees! you should try it out  if you click on my link and it's your first time renting online, they'll give you a free one-night online rental credit  and i’ll get a free rental each time you rent via my link through 3 17 11  http annoyed  redbox tellapal com a clk kyr8b"
"has had a fairly productive weekend so far   bed cleared off, check!  haircut, check! car cleaned out, check! curtains <propmale> in bedroom, check!  now it's time to get some laundry done and more than likely rearrange the living room "
"getting ready to leave for work   scared myself this morning when my phone decided to set itself to eastern time and i thought i was late, but all is well   i'm right on time "
just got my cable and internet installed  watching <propfemale> for the first time in forever! i love having cable 
"just got back from getting new shoes   goodbye <propfemale> splints   and, yes   they are partially pink!  smile   now it's time to finish setting up my new dvr and then watching some good thursday night comedies!"
"a little work, then cleaning and laundry   sounds like an awesome saturday   super excited to see <propfemale> green singer and mko tomorrow!  more excited about <propfemale> though   definitely   smile "
"come on k state!  i'd really like to do well in my bracket, and you are a key factor in that at this point "
"time to get up  it's going to be a long day, but a good one!"
getting ready to leave for emporia to pick up <propfemale> green singer and mko!
"had a great time with <propfemale>  got our nails done, had yummy steak, got the duplicate keys fixed  now it is time for bed "
"made my first blended concoction    still trying to make up my mind if i like the strawberry, banana, orange protein smoothie   "
woo hoo!  u conn won!!!  now it's time for bed   i'll check the rest of the games in the morning   i'm sleepy 
had fun tonight with <propfemale> and company at club rodeo  now it's time for bed  hopefully my ears won't be ringing when i wake up so i can enjoy quarter mania in the morning 
the ringing in my ears has finally stopped   now it's time for quarter mania at the assembly at goddard followed by a ton of cleaning before mom and dad get here!  it's going to be a good day!
won a lot of great stuff at quarter mania at the assembly at goddard   now it's time to get some cleaning done   mom and dad should be here around 6 or 7 
almost done cleaning   just a little laundry to finish   mom and dad are in emporia so they should be here around 5 smile 0 ish   yay!  and then u conn plays at 6p   great day!
cannot believe ku lost or that it is snowing!
"let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess, for he who promised is faithful  http annoyed  bible us heb10 23 niv"
go wsu!  2011 nit champs!
had a great day with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale> hartzler shopping and then touring the old cowtown museum!  now it's time to get some work done 
loving the light show going on out here  good job god  it's amazing!
"ok minor revision  light show is beautiful  good job god! could live with rain, hail and wind "
nighty night  i'm so sleepy 
getting ready for tonight   very exciting stuff 
"i might be lobster red tomorrow, but i had a blast   now it's time to clean up and relax "
ready to make this a great day  i'm thinking a run in scp sounds great this afternoon 
had an awesome day today!   smile 
i really am so blessed to have such awesome friends!
"had an awesome night tonight   actually, it's been an awesome week   and it just keeps getting    awesomer  off to bed    maybe "
"it's very possible that i am the happiest that i've ever been  i might even be the happiest girl in the world  i have a truly amazing god that loves me and wants me to be happy, an  amazing family, the best friends anyone could ask for, and a super sweet boyfriend   i am so blessed!"
"relaxing before dancing tonight, then heading out to cheney in the morning "
"why is it that if i have an appointment at 3 and i'm 20 minutes late, i have to reschedule  but if i get there on time, i sit in the waiting room for at least 20 minutes?"
"so ready for the weekend!!!!! youth young adults party with <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> hartzler at destiney soyez and <propfirst> soyez's house, then skeet shooting tomorrow, out on the boat on sunday, and up to kc to shop and to visit <propfemale> denney and <propfemale> green singer!  this weekend it going to be epic!"
i am so ready for the weekend 
hello weekend  i'm so glad to see you!
mmmmm    enchiladas! thank you winkles!
not exactly sure how a car that was working two hours ago can suddenly stop working  but my car found a way 
"next thing i knew, my donkey fell in your waffle hole    oh i love shrek!"
just finished eating dinner and ate waaaaaayyy too much  so of course it's time to jump and dance!
so ready for bed and it's not even 7 pm  i am an old lady!
walt's for lunch? i think so!
so angry at at&t    they accidentally canceled my internet at the beginning of june and then charged me to set it back up again
i hate exercising so much! 22:15 to go   
"moving day  if anyone is bored and wants to help, give me a call"
moving is mostly done    tomorrow will consist of unpacking    followed by a 3 hour drive    it's a good thing i got to spend the day with good friends  otherwise this weekend would have been awful 
on the road again   
"on the road back from table rock with  <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>  can't wait to get home and go to bed  so sleepy!"
"just had amazing bbq at cox farm thanks to <propfirst>, destiney, and <propfirst> soyez  everyone should go there  right now!"
dude yo  my foot hurts  here's a smart idea: don't wear flip flops in a construction zone and watch where you are walking  yay for a surprise tetanus shot a few months ago 
soaking my foot in epsom salt    so boring   
99 9% unpacked  just a little laundry left to put away  then it's home sweet home 
yay blood work    i feel bad because they call you in really quick for lab stuff and there are people who have been here for a lot longer than me  i always think they're mad at me 
oh how i love working on sunday mornings  but only at 6am  otherwise it's not worth it 
2 days until vacation!!! yay! i'm very much looking forward to seeing my family and having them meet <propmale>!
waiting for <propmale>'s flight to land in philly  let our vacation begin!
reformatting the hard drive so i can reinstall my operating system and actually use my laptop again 
"no laptop ready tonight  hit a glitch  we shall see what tomorrow brings  for now, bed time "
any adventurous seamstresses out there up for a challenge?
i survived my first and only 50k  time for an ice pack and a nap  owwww 
"so instead of an ice pack and a nap, this afternoon was spent doing demolition at <propmale>'s house "
wow! so that's what rain is like 
"juicy cantaloupe, carrots and rotisserie chicken for dinner  delicious!"
getting ready to head to the state fair    yay 
celebrated out engagement the best way possible    at the bullet stop 
learning how to be a safe <propmale>
"3 mile run to the gym + 1 mile warmup at the gym + 1 hour training session = me about to die    but believe you me, my weight was down today  now it's time for dinner and castle!"
feeling much less like death tonight    ready for bed  yay for another training session tomorrow    not 
"power on, power off   power on, power off   electrical work is fun stuff "
"so sleepy  time for b<propmale>  plans for tomorrow: hunters <propmale> shooting test, then working on the house  yay "
getting ready to go to the dump for the first time ever  not the most exciting thing to do at 8am on a saturday 
so excited to be on my way to work 
"today, i'm happy to be celebrating 6 months with <propmale> <propmale>  i love you <propmale>!  love "
"i really used to love my phone    until the latest update  now it won't hold a charge  what i'm trying to say is if you call or text ,i probably won't answer "
having a hard time getting motivated today   sad 
"on the road to <propmale>, ks for a dollies performance "
had fun hanging out with <propmale>'s family this afternoon followed by the parade of homes  now its time for baking and yummy dinner 
"well, no luck trading in my junky lg optimus for a brand new iphone  surprise!  but at least they're \fixing\"" it so it will keep a charge  now i'm looking forward to dancing tonight then heading to the shooting range in cheney tomorrow """
trying to remember how to two step
i feel miserable so i'm laying on the couch while <propmale> makes dinner 
i'm thinking it's bedtime  6am will come very soon 
getting ready to have brunch with some great ladies followed by a run and then helping out with siding    maybe   smile 
bartelli's pizza    a little taste of home   smile 
i'm determined to make today a good day 
"how sad is this? i'm waiting for quite possibly the greatest invention ever, pizza, to come out of the oven and the thought of eating it is making me sick  where did the pizza loving fat kid go?"
yummy food
so tired  i'm thinking nap time is in order 
finished my first 5k in under 35 minutes and i ran the whole thing! now i suspicion this means ladena and <propfirst> <propfemale> won't believe me when i say i can't run  bummer 
