eccb4757d757afcc6e4138b292620719
e playful loring the possibilities of interstellar travel    
"enjoying the rain, too bad i work today  "
work kicks my ass   
"rain over the snow, nasty   doesn't quite compare to big bear though  "
i am trying to quite smoking    i think i should lock up all the firearms   wink 
enya is very relaxing
hope i can save my friends and her daughter's life   
i want 3rd edition chaos space marines back   
mmm painting bloodcrushers is always fun  
sad how you become a domestic terrorist just for hanging a flag    don't fucking tread on me!!!!
"gun control     guns don't kill people, people kill people  they say law enforcement is there to keep us safe, we don't need our guns   yet, how many times have the police been on sight of a shooting, rape, or a home invasion? i will not give up my right of owning a gun freely, neither should any of you  without our firearms, we are destroying history and our safety "
"share information, stand up for your rights  if you don't do either, you don't deserve them  help us save <propfemale>!!!"
"walking to work today, at least it will only be in the 30's  i'm so excited for tomorrow, i get to shot an ak-47 for the first time  smile "
"snow today, then rain tomorrow    i hate this crap  "
falling behind in rent sucks   it's near impossible to get back on your feet  =|
i think i'm getting a cold =|
"working while sick, makes everything worse  i think ill take tomorrow off to rest "
the horus heresy     great fuckin series 
hmm   the possibilities of nuclear fallout   
wished it would rain harder    with thunder   
my dogs are morons   
why? whenever you need to print a resume    everything fails?? fuck you windows  
i need bleach   
<propfemale> is ignorant   wake up!!! assholes  
people need to learn how to seed   torrents are taking way to long   grrrr
"raining again    yet, where's my damn thunder????"
"\never let a good crisis go to waste\""    you sick fucks    we are not your slaves!!!!!"""
mmm mox plutonium        troubled 
"the <propfemale> project, not sure how i feel about it  i feel with people's typical mentality it would not work to well  although, it would be nice "
"i hope <propmale> <propfirst> runs again  i honestly think he's our main hope in ending the federal reserve  either then him, we should all get together and raise jfk from the dead  jfk was our last true president before the vermin bankers took control "
"(1 2) one of the worst things in the world is when your old man falls asleep before you  trying to fall asleep to snoring, is by far one of the most unpleasent"
(2 2) ordeals   
woot! i finally work tonight 
"if its going to rain, it needs to pour    i am sicks of the drizzle!!!"
off to work in a bit woohoo if only i could keep playing oblivion at work    hmm sounds good to me
"i am dissapointed so far with dragon age ii  the new elder scrolls needs to hurry up, likewise with the mythical diablo   "
holy shit! its beautiful out today
"mmm <propmale> paying, and cleaning    what a wonderfull day   "
hope we get thunderstorms soon 
dont get pierced when your drunk    my coat is now red   
dragon age ii    a bitter dissapointment 
wearing my awesome chihuhua shoes today lol
"just planted raddishes the other day, now there is snow in the forcast  "
still waiting for the sun to come out   
7 deadly zins    best damn wine ever!!!
"sunshine in the morning, then snow in the afternoon    what the fuck!!!"
"sick of random people i dont know trying to \friend\"" me  mmm bbq and dart throwin night though """
"time to start work    i feel like shit, think i have food poisoning or something "
"what the hell, nice weather for the days i work, then a snow rain forcast after wednesday when im off   "
"woohoo after today, four days off   "
"well shit    this blows   nevermind going to work, our car is dead  "
ooo possible thunderstorms today < smile >
finally a day off work    where's my damn sunshine!?!?
portal 2 kicks ass
mmm cadbury chocolate   
damnit    just fried my hair again     
the clouds look bitchin right now
happy mother's day!!!!
(1 2) a solid day of mercyful fate and cleaning lol woooo  if only music today could even be close to compare to the music back then   shits its just like
"(2 2) modern <propmale> now days, people get paids millions for something a 2 year old spilled paint on "
belly dancing and doing dishes    i think im gonna die    fucking love turkish music
if you dont like tank girl    fuck off!!
i want a portal gun   
fuck life when your dog wakes you up at 445am   
sunshine!!!!!!
http annoyed  www prisonplanet com barack-obama-is-wrong-18-facts-which-prove-that-illegal-immigration-is-an-absolute-nightmare-for-the-u-s-economy html
"i hope if it rains, there will at least be thunder and lightning  "
"wow! webmd has a really cool wieght tracker thingy that helps chart what your're eating, how much exercise your doing and how many calories you're burning  this chart helps you get on track with your weight loss and lets you know (per your personal settings, goals, and what not) how many calories to eat per day and how many you will loose "
"wtf, there is a duck walking around with a dart in its neck  "
"waiting for the rain, i love spring thunderstorms!!! too bad i work the next three days, no dancing in the rain for me lol"
"sunshine in the forecast, yet i work the next five days    at least i don't start till' 4 smile 0 "
dont ever drink malt vinegar   
"woot, got my death knight deck built! muwahaha"
crazy ass christians     
gonna try to quite smoking     people are lucky there's no more guns in the house  
mmmm pilgrims has the best deli!
off to the shop
i hate re-learning the lesson on not to eat at the flaming wok    
bored    alone and impatient  
dirty laundry rocks   and fuck off if you think im talking about clothes 
listening to <propfemale> < smile >
"sometimes it would be nice to be an ostrich, and go through my day with my head in a hole "
mmmm alaskan bouble black ipa   
lol double black
