994a0dea21d090d916f4d58610b4cd65
this facebook shit is confusing 
"passed my driving test, got my license today!!!"
"i'm a little dysfunctional, don't ya know?"
"mexico was hella fun  smile  back to boring old rocklin, can't wait to visit my mama is frisco!!!"
gettin ready fo councilin! my fav day of the week  laugh 
first day back to work in 2 weeks  lame! then off to see mama an her new place in the city!! :: smile 
"spent my first night at my mommy's new place in the city, wake up to find my cars been towed   great"
i never wanna leave here!!    so maybe i wont  smile 
i wish things were easier : sad 
 smile  peanut butta and nanners
"just got back from africa! sooo much fu, go usa and spain!!"
yaaaaaaaaaaay spain!!
hanging out with my favorite sister in the whole world  smile  lol    i knew thats what <propfirst> would write now so i just put it for her ehehe
i love my family an my beastie chey   they always here when i need them  smile 
you can't cloud my vision cause you're see thru
"ahhh what a good night!\night night"
rada radaa rada rada
"i'm pinky and rakeem is the brain thats filled with air, i'm smarter : smile "
paaaay day!!  smile 
my phones broken  awsome
i'm lost  sad 
looking for a room to rent! anybody know of any cheap places for rent?
foooooood! im starvin <propmale> man
"i love pay days!! : smile  \filled up my gas tank  shweeeet"
it's never too late   
i wanna burrow into my cave!
"first day off in over a week  what to do   hmmm\starting off the morning with spilling a slushie all over my head  awsome"
i hate guys
oooh lazy days!  smile 
buying a new ipod today  i love when i drop my electronics in the toilet yaay   sad 
are there any good people left in this world
oold my aand  smile 
mmmmmm taco pizza for dindin! two of my favorites in one
"we all have a weakness, some of ours are easy to identify"
paranormal activities 2   i'm so scared!
"i wish i was born all knowing, i very much dislike studying!"
siick  sad 
just voted for my 1st time!
kickback tonight for our birthday! text me if u wanna come  916-910-5133
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
yaaaaaay fatty day!! happy turkey day everyone
they need to make seats with butt warmers for the toilet  i hate cold ones!
ew   ants please go away
its freezzy in my room! i need a nuggle <propmale>
ima crazy scorpion : smile 
i have sleeping issues
laaaaazy days : smile 
i know it feels insane on the train with no love
who wants to come with me to watch the <propfemale> tonight?
my little sister just found out <propfemale> isnt real   water works    sad 
leavin fo indonesia tomorow!! super stoked
the thunder here sounds like the earth is cracking
so sun burnt! gah
first day of school an i got a parking ticket  thank you officer alway
socks make the best tissues  my nose hurts from blowing it into cardboard paper towels
time to go on a loooong drive : smile 
each head is a world of its own :: smile 
girl scout cookies!! mmmmm all fo me
mother nature is being a bitch
just lookin for whats real
i guess mcdonalds really isnt cool with facial piercings lol who wants to kick it??
my feets are cold  meh
yaaaay for my day off today! i lost all my <propfirst> so text me if ya wanna kick it
shitty 
"with the <propfemale> i run, far from the carnge of the firey sun"
money tree where are you
when am i gonna meet someone who understands me
