b734f1f3b4702e5a0d8c2b2d6d7dc3aa
i am the only one up!!!! not exciting but it's a first!  playful 
"i am watching people walk down the street, dont do it  it is super boring  but i have nothing else to do   so yeah   "
"i got h1n1, oh fun          "
"i'm better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and going to school, i guess thats better than staying at home for a week laying on the couch with a thermometer in your mouth every 5 minutes          "
never go shopping on black friday  even if your just going for a suitcase      
"wishes are wonders and wonders are wishes  dreams are hopes we make in our sleep, but only the nightmares come true   "
heheh its keelin on my computer but on <propfemale>'s facebook? anyway  i say hi  smile 
i have run of the house tonight            but yet nothing is happening
facebook is being a butt!!!
getting my cartilage pierced tomorrow!!! yay!!  smile 
got my cartilage piecred fri  didnt hurt one bit!!!
omg! i just peeled a banana and it peeled perfectly!! like the way it does in cartoons!! ok i am really freaking out about nothing    oh well  it was cool!
 love  noodles
firebowl cafe=yummy!
"<propfemale> dancing around saying: hot lips hot lips       wanna kiss 'em?? keelin: um, no <propfemale> i dont  put you're hand against your lips it helps  so i guess kissing some one would help  <propfemale>: no, i was talking to my imaginary friend "
"tip toes, elbows, no butt, no gut!!!  oh   fun             "
i am <propfemale> mad at microsoft word!!!!!!!!!!
ballet arts found my shoe!!! yes!
"a true friend \locks\"" you out of the house with crazy little sisters  playful """
i get to bike to ballet!! yay??
i finally finished my english test out paper!!!! woohooo!!!
my belly is not happy right now  it keeps making funny noises         maybe it didnt like the banana     
spring break!!
"is feeling like crap  i better be better by monday  and if that doesnt happen i need to get better by the end of spring break  and its just a stupid, fricken cold! (and maybe a sinus infection) sicknesses suck!"
getting better!! slowly      but i dont need to take 5 meds! that's an accomplishment!  smile 
i saw <propfemale> in traverse city!!!!  smile 
 love  pillow fights
omg! i just found 6 dollars in a pair of pants i bought at plato's closet! haha to whoever forgot their money in my jeans!
keelin's coming back! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile 
"spent the whole day with keelin and her family!  it was so fun!! also saw kinetic affect with kimmy and keelin, and now keelin's at my house!  smile "
neegahoosam!!!!!! (knee-gah-who-zam)
back to ballet     
haha! i just opened my backpack to get my homework and a ton of dried mud came pouring out! now there is dried mud stuck in the folds of my binder!  playful 
aria: look at my belly button! his name is <propfirst>!!
part of me thinks i should start my homework     but the other part of me doesnt want to     internal debate 
how am i supposed to know what to do or where anything is if you dont tell me about it?! geez         not telepathic 
so bleepity bleepity pissed!!!!!! bleepity bleepity bleepity!!!!! ugh
it's kinda sad how many times a day i get on facebook             
hmmmm              
just got back from a walk in the rain   love  the rain
keelin: you disturbed the fatso! you deserve a whack on the butt with a hammer!!    i mean hanger    15 or so minues later: oh my gosh!! we created an evil snorkelle!!!
kinda sorta just got back from hanging out with keelin! we ate way way way too much at noodles and company and now we are both in pain        playful   sad 
go outside!! it's so nice!! ok  going outside              now
ugh  my legs!! hurt!! stupid!! ballet!!
just got <propfirst> a collar and a leash  now i can take her outside!  smile 
just realized that tomorrow is friday  smile 
oh my god! i wiped out in dance during a practice performance!! ow!  playful 
oh gosh! i nnnnnneeeeeeeeeedddddddd to go to the philadelphia zoo!!! they have african wild dogs and amur leopards!!!!! ahh!!  smile 
keelin markou: just fall!! me: fall where?!?!?!!?!??! <propfirst> lynn: teeheeheeheehee
finished my research paper!!! yay!!  smile   smile   smile 
i blame the fortuneless fortune cookie!!!
omg!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile  i just got my middle splits!!! woooohhooo!!!!!!!!!
maybe some adults are right in some weird way   maybe as kids we cant do anything    
"says to keelin markou : \i love how your kitchen is all tropical themed  there are suns and a gecko     and then there is just a dutch <propfemale> plate right over the sink! it's not tropical and warm in dutchland!!!\"""""
dance recital today!!  smile 
hope i made it on pointe        eeeeppp!!
didn't get the letter yet         oh gosh    my tummy is doing flips    
going to check the mail with keelin markou
ugh  the letter didnt come    really really really really really nervous!
"just got back from the hs \introduction \"" waste of time if you ask me """
omg!!! guess what!?!?!??!?!?!?! i made pointe!!! pointe!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i made it!!!! me!!! <propfemale> bernhardt!!! made pointe!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   laugh 
 love  chicken sushi
is actually glad that the 3 day weekend it over   
first summer dance class today  smile 
has a feeling that she is going to be very sore tomorrow    
just got a new phone  smile 
just died my hair back to it's original color!! omg i look soooo different!!!
should i be nervous for the last day ? ? ? ? ? ?
biked at least 6 <propmale> with <propfirst> <propfirst>    laugh 
thunder and lightning       love   smile 
why is everyone so scared of the rain?? it's just water   
can ride her bike with no handlebars      sorta   
    this is gonna be a long summer    
"summer is great, except for the fact that it makes you all hot and sitcky  blah  stupid humidity"
we lost power!!  laugh 
sushi + last dance classes for the summer=ok day
iewwck! i hate the dentist's office!!  sad 
all these updates to fb are weird   cant they just keep it the way that it was??
"just rode a little bike wearing and rincess hat, sunflower glasses and bright pink lipstick  ( keelin markou )"
fall! like leaves in the winter!! ( keelin markou )
ipod ipod!! ipod!!! ipod!!  laugh 
"when it comes to editing pictures, covering the picture in big, bold words doesnt make it photography or make it \pretty\"" \""prettier\""  it just makes the picture look like a jumbled mess of blah """
      i hate my vivid imagination           
it's sooo hot!!! kinda like it     smile 
i feel like a college kid ( keelin markou)
"3rd one in a row  wow, i cant believe we pulled it off  11 hours of sleep in 3 days  smile  ( keelin markou )"
since when was i an e playful ert with computers internet? i just fixed our computer!!  laugh    maybe i'll get ungrounded     smile 
my mom has the ac on so high that i need to wear a sweater and have a blanket wrapped around me!! why can't we just open the windows  warmth is good  smile 
"(i'm taking this from keelin markou) prcurorable: pretty, cute, and adorable "
"that's the thing about a mirror, it shows you all your flaws, but when in reality, you might not have any  and even if you do, they are not as big as the mirror makes them to be "
antanëyel mel   antanëlyen man?
has 5 pounds of yummilicious blueberries to eat  laugh 
doesnt know exactly what to put as her fb status  
i'm not gonna sleep until i know you're ok   
"ok, for all the people out there who think the earth belongs to humans, you are sorely mistaken  last time i checked, animals were here way before us, so what are we doing destroying their habitats? the animals are not invading our backyards, we are invading theirs  if we keep encroaching on their habitat, earth's natural beauty will be lost, and will just be a urban wasteland  stop killing wildlife! who's with me?!?"
just used the lawnmower for the first time!! i feel very accomplished     smile 
says to the sky: stop thundering and just rain already!!!
"why does your stupid status have to be a maximum of 420 characters!??! the good stuff is always longer than \420 stupid characters\"""""
you are not best friends with a person until you have nearly killed them  playful  (keelin markou)
i hate those little mosquitos
stop dying!!!   wait  keep dying for one more second! ( keelin markou )
"istalyë melinyel, tancavë? istalyë úvanyë hehtalyë  haryalyë melmenya oialë "
"int  ballet, cecchetti, pointe, jazz and modern!!  laugh "
can't wait until next week   possibly getting pointe shoes!!!!  laugh   laugh 
is really hating cleaning her room   
i can't believe it   i'm actually getting pointe shoes tomorrow    laugh 
oh my goodness!!! keelin markou we're getting pointe shoes!!! today!!!! it's really happening!!! aaaahh!!! this is ahh!! real!! keelin!!! we're gonna be ballerinas!!! we're gonna be pretty!!! ahh!!!  laugh   laugh 
why did i do that?? it was the last thing i needed    i am discusting    
biked 3 <propmale> today
i might have broke a lawnmower   hehe  oops
    need to go to africa    
"got a funky schedule, dont have the slightest clue where my locker is, got a angry mom cause i didnt get into 10th grade english  so far high school seems like so much fun   "
ah!! i have to wake up early tomorrow!! 8 in the morning!!  sad  at least i'm seeing <propfemale> <propfemale> cantu at 8:45  going to chicago!  smile  i will miss you keelin markou !
hmmmm
i'm home!  smile 
"is going shopping with <propfirst> <propfirst> , <propfirst> <propmale> and keelin markou later today  smile "
just ate rice with keelin markou  smile 
<propfemale> pei    you suck!
"<propfemale> is in ds!!! ( keelin markou , <propmale> bissonnette , <propfirst> <propfirst> , aria markou , <propfemale> markou )  smile   smile "
why do i want lemon water?????
i'm strong on the surface    not all the way through      
so much for the football game  playful  ( <propfirst> <propfirst> )
"some people live in a house on a hill  and wish they were someplace else  there's nobody there  when the evening is still  secrets, with no one to tell  some i have known, have a ship where they sleep  with the sounds of rocks on the coast  they sail over oceans  five fathoms deep  but they cant find what they want the most   "
oh my goodness  i am actually in high school
smells like rain     
first dance classes tomorrow  smile 
i've lied to you in the past   i probably will lie to you in the future   and i just want to say i'm sorry 
just finished making a new photo wall in her room
what if   
"i'll put on another smile for you tomorrow  i do it everyday, so tomorrow shouldnt be any different       right?"
"good news and bad news  good news: <propfirst> found spicy noodles at meijer, i've been looking for them for years  bad news: dad's gotta sell the house   "
what if i told you that living on the edge wasnt enough for me? what if i told you that i had to be falling off the edge in order to feel alive?
off to dad's for the weekend  
everything that's standing still is moving 
just got my hair cut  smile 
happy 1st day of autumn!
   couldnt wait to get going   but wasnt quite ready to leave  
"clickety clack, clickety clack    you cant get off and you'll never go back     "
all i am   a child with promises    all i have    are <propmale> full of promises of home 
"no  you guys can't be like two peas in a pod because she's already a pea in my pod!!! ( keelin athená markoupolou , <propfirst> fernandez )"
"there was a blank space next to my name, so i thought i needed a status "
say nothing  do nothing  be nothing 
"well  dance was interesting  i found out i have uneven shoulder blades, and i did 3 double pirouettes!!!"
i just had a chocolate fight  smile  ( keelin athená markoupolou )
i am not about to tell you what is on my mind   
just ate a sandwich and a bowl of chocolate peanut butter cereal     hmmm
does it really matter how we die? i mean   we're all gonna die anyway  so does it really matter how?
well  i'm grounded so i figured i might as well get on facebook  playful 
it's hard  knowing you're dying and knowing that there is nothing i can do to stop it 
i love how everything i do seems wrong to you  
oh my goodness  this social studies paper sucks 
off to wisconsin  see everyone sunday   
sometimes just standing in the rain gives you the best feeling ever  
keelin athená markoupolou :    i thought we were sharing     
i think i need a status   so  this is my status  
hey! anybody who has mrs  cone's world history class    what's the homework??
ugh  i just realized i still have homework  
just played an interesting game of twister  smile 
"i love how one moment my eyes can be glistening with tears, and the next my lips are aching from smiling so hard  "
your words are swimming circles around my brain   
today was a good day  smile  or at least is has been so far   
keelin athená markoupolou : i'm bubbling with oobers of googly joy!!!
  homework time  
i wish i had a trap door somewhere in my house that only i knew about   and maybe that trap door would lead me into my own secret world   where eveything was exactly the way i needed it 
can i tell you a story?   as we dance while the sun starts to bleed    
stuffing=stuff you stuff in stuff  smile  ( keelin athená markoupolou )
i'm screaming  it's funny though  because no one hears me  hm  now what's wrong with that?
"all i remember is the silence of the dead\the ringing in my ears\the pounding in my head\all i remember is the silence\the silence nobody else can hear"
( <propfemale> love-me smith ) guess who got 9 fouettes in a row? that's right!! me!!!  laugh 
"i see only black and white, for there is no color here"
so   shaking like a chihuahua is always fun   
i want to stand in the rain with my arms raised high and the clouds tears running through my hair   the thunder shaking the earth and the lightning turning night to day   
well   my mood just got crushed
just got 12 hours of sleep   at a sleepover with keelin athená markoupolou    that's a first  
off to dad's for 3 days    bye everybody!!
"can i give you my eyes so you can see me the way i do? will you keep them? because i dont want them back  i want eyes that work, and mine seem to be broken "
"finals begin tomorrow  fun, fun, fun"
": you're a hat \ keelin markou : a what?!\me: a human cat\keelin: oooh  why not a cauman?"
"i'm so badass  i hit your pineapple  \( keelin markou , <propfirst> <propmale> , <propfemale> love-me smith )"
my whole body hurts   stupid dance  playful 
"i'm from the wicked giggle puddle  smile  \ <propfemale> bernhardt"
"i'm gonna be in so much pain tomorrow    i have problems walking now  \i don't like ballet  well  at least the pain it causes me "
she's swears there're no difference   between the lies and compliments  
cant decide on a profile picture   
oh my gosh  today is national brownie day!!  laugh 
"me: omg!! is that a monster!!?!?!\keelin: no   emily  that would be a truck    "
red eyeliner= fantastic
cross your fingers  hope for a snow day 
i think i'm ready for a nice    long    nap    really   long  nap
i have so many masks   so what one do you want me to wear for you?
has decided to make sugar cookies  just for the heck of it  smile 
"is so bored that she can't even come up with a decent status     annoyed \blah "
just woke up  smile 
eh  well  <propfemale> christmas everybody 
woke up about an hour ago 
status 
it's not inside out     it's outside in  
was supossed to go to sleep about 2 hours ago   but she cant sleep   
"my ankles were making funny faces at me, so i made some faces back  (keelin markou )"
i closed his eyes  so he just looks like he's sleeping 
how can you look at me   when i can't stand myself  ?
"cross your fingers\cross your toes\let's all hope\for more, more snow  playful "
my hippagladus hurts because i talked too much  
hold my heart until it stops beating  
oww    headache   
being home sick sucks   there's nothing to do  playful 
"snow day conversation-\\me: ok, let's go through the snowday rituals, put potato by everyones alarm clock, wear your-\mom: you are not putting a potato by my alarm clock  have some common sense and check the weather report \me: the weather report doesnt mean crap, it's all about believing!"
"i will not stop until i get this flexibility thing  \i will not stop until i get the turns  \i will not stop \i will not stop "
"i can fool anyone with my sweet, sweet smile   "
       just paranoid of getting lost or that i might lose  
off to ballet for an hour and forty minutes  fun fun 
today was actually a good dance day  i didnt screw anything up  smile 
two hours later and i'm still not finished with the rough draft of my english paper   i should have planned this out better  playful 
peanut butter-banana-caramel sandwich= love 
"how was my day? well, the world smacked me in the face "
homework  sucks 
"feels obligated to have a status  \so here it is "
"dear mother nature, \i know it's not snowing right now but   i think it should \a half day tomorrow is great, but wouldnt it be awesome if we had a snowday??\you're the only one who can make that happen  and you wouldnt want to dissapoint us now would you?\okay  well, if you get this letter, please make it snow lots n lots \thank you!\-<propfemale>"
i dont even want to know what that did to my butt  
"hungary wants to eat the soviet union because it tastes like superman ice-cream \<propfirst> <propfirst>"
ahhhhhh!!!!!   no school tomorrow!!!  laugh 
the snow has started  i repeat  the snow has started   smile 
i think it should snow some more  smile 
well  would you look at that  no school tomorrow 
"oh geez  i've been dancing practically all day \oh well  i got to fall on my head, do some weird weight sharing and i got to run around in my underwear!! keelin markou <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfemale> love-me smith"
"just woke up from a nap, thought it was 7:40 in the morning, freaked out, started getting ready for school, then i realized, it was still thursday "
not having a camera really halts my creativity process       sad 
i hate weekends like this  everything exciting happens when i'm gone  oh well 
