327b79b3c451be53e72c7ce36f7679c3
the new episode of doctor who was better than what kirill kiselev said it was 
needs to seriously consider stabilizing his sleep schedule
ride the walrus
have you ever tried simply turning of the tv and hitting your children 
"we're whalers on the <propfemale>   we <propfemale> a harpoon   but there ain't no whales, so tell tall tales, and sing our whaling tune "
"with my last breath, i curse zoidberg!"
is drinking dark beer while brooding on dark thoughts  (totally watching the tudors)
"true strength does not come from the knowledge of how to strike, but from the wisdom of when to strike "
may very well hopelessly be a intj 
"you watched it, you can't unwatch it!"
not swine flu!  not swine flu!!!!!
hooka + laptop = great idea
"watching gits, cause for me, its basically porn "
"massive paper writing on controlled substances, stay clean and responsible everyone!  playful "
"kind'a          sort'a             honestly                        wishes he could be an earthbender   there, i said it!"
odin!!!!!!
"its just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus  all year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched tv  then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all h"
since when did it turn night in the morning?
"we're born in the vault, we die in the vault "
"oh no, my shrink was right, god does hate me!"
drinking <propmale> beer out of a <propmale> mug
"hot sauce, what can't you make better?"
<propfirst> zimmern is my hero
district 9 anyone?
ponyo is a shit storm of uplifting thoughts       icky 
"mmmmm hot saki, oh the simple things "
"untrue to popular belief, i am not a goat "
"thats right ladies and gentlemen, if you call this toll free number, you too could be a bacon salesman!"
"my ff9 discs work on my ps3, yay!"
is holding your family hostage
tell me about your bananas
"yay for broken carbonmonoxide detectors!  long morning, back to sleep"
"carbon monoxide detector replaced, co level 0ppm, yay"
did someone say pumpkin spice latte? hell yeah they did
smoking hooka and reading <propmale> case law 
"if someone asks you to go for a ride on their big green tractor, you say no!"
it's     cold?
"in case you are wondering, they are playing an ff7 song on the radio, its ok"
"it's manhattan style, see? little <propmale> curry goes to new york  mild, for kids "
"google is being creepy again, why crop circles?"
"during hard times we should never forget these immortal words, \do a barrel roll!\"""""
"<propmale> case briefs, yaaaaaay"
new protomen = the shit
my cabbages!
"time to be serious, boooooooooooring"
<propfirst> mignone survives me!
can you guess what <propfirst> is doing    is it case briefs?     i think soooooo
is now willing to state that his headache was not based upon sinus pain but rather a migraine   reversed and remanded 
"lives in a hole, but its okay, because it's a hole filled with <propfemale>!"
"making brats, who wants my brats!?!"
honor the gods!
"can't stop watching penn and teller's bullshit, i think its becoming a problem "
"thinks you're all fracking cylons, deal with it!"
"4 out of 5 doctors agree, <propmale> <propmale> is a cylon   the fifth doctor?  gaius baltar!"
"words  nothing but sweet, sweet words that turn into bitter orange wax in my ears "
"took your <propfemale>, and no, he is not going to apologize "
stop! stop! if you interrupt the mating dance the male will become enraged and maul us with his fearsome gonad!
"has a job, yay!"
"\you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition  what you'll discover will be wonderful  what you'll discover is yourself \"" - <propmale> <propfemale>"""
"\never get freudian on a man holding a pickle \"" - <propfirst> mccoy"""
"its ok to be a little gaius baltar, even when you are a lot gaius baltar"
"before proceeding any further, i should really examine my motivations for doing so  staying in the game, i run the risk of losing my entire stake and being humiliated in front of all these lovely people "
trusts everyone remembered to vote saxon 
"i don't know how they did it, but borderlands has taken all my favorite games and put them into one     "
"for about 10 minutes while reading an article for a research paper i believed the words \time trends\"" were actually \""time lords\"" and that i was reading an article about time travel   i believe now that i should take a break and collect my thoughts before going to class """
so say we all!
is it wrong that all of my paper topics are coming straight from bsg?  only if you love sagittarons 
"it holds out the hope of heaven and the threat of hell, as the appointed and appropriate motives of a virtuous life: in this falling far below the best ancients, and doing what lies in it to give to human morality an essentially selfish character, by disconnecting each man's feelings of duty from the interests of his fellow-creatures, except so far as a self-interested inducement is offered to him for consulting them"
"just put two and two together, there can be whalers on the <propfemale>!"
holy      crap        doctor who     new episode        epic!!!!
"the laws of time are mine, and they will obey me!"
"wait, history channel finally stopped airing conspiracy theories 24 7 and has gone back to wwii, sweeeeeeeeeeet!"
"all <propfirst> wants to do is eat your brains, he's not unreasonable, he's not gonna eat your eyes"
"the snow is a lie, everyone stop lying!!!!!"
nothing quite like watching someone put a sledge hammer through your bathroom wall to get you ready for the day
"<propfirst> armine, <propfirst> mignone, <propmale> cylon mckillhumanity <propmale>, the time has come, change places!!!!"
        fuck cold
cold + dry = shock
"why yes, all this snow is making me feel incredibly confined, how about you?"
"your god has forsaken you and has condemned you to shoveling, how does that make you feel?!?!"
"get yo grails duuuuuuuudes, its par-tay night"
"that was fun, now back to reality, boooooooooooooring"
sherlock holmes = greatest movie
"you're boring, stop being boring"
"it has been almost two weeks since christmas, and i still have an entire case of beer remaining       whose thirsty?!?!"
the cold is life affirming
goddamn sn-inus headache
"sleep is a naturally recurring state of relatively suspended sensory and motor activity, characterized by total or partial unconsciousness and the inactivity of nearly all voluntary muscles "
"when i grow up, i want to be <propfirst> adama"
"really, its the bees that make me most uncomfortable"
"alright mr  <propfirst> armine, the it crew is a hilarious show, and now i'm addicted, are you happy now?!?!?!"
"why no, they haven't plowed the roads, and no, i'm not going to work today"
"welcome to southeastern <propfemale>, now with more snow than the winter olympics!"
"apparently when a toyota highlander completely loses traction and control it makes loud beeping noise and flashes a red light   i was fairly convinced, while on my delightful trajectory towards the closest tree, that there were incoming enemies from the rear "
"is it bad that as a criminal justice student watching batman beat the crap out of criminals helps me relax?           anyway, back to paper writing"
"ok, not that its a bad thing, but i really need to find out exactly what it is that makes people assume i'm british, i getting tired of having to respond to questions like, \what made you come to the us?\"" and \""how are you enjoying this country?\"""""
hopes he is lucky enough to be dr  wily someday
"i didn't know a foot of snow looked like water!  live and learn, i guess "
"scotch to calm the mind, food to calm the stomach, bsg to calm to the soul   this is a solid plan, all be it unhealthy "
"why i don't buy scotch more often i'll never know           oh wait, money, right"
"ponyo ponyo, fishie by the sea"
rough and tumble weeks are rewarded with booze and video games about serial killers!
"did they add all the seasons of highlander to netflix streaming?  why yes, yes they did     i know what i'm doing now"
"for those of you who may not have seen it, yes, the hurtlocker really did deserve to win, and so did <propfemale> bigelow"
thanks for the birthday wishes y'all
"damn you ffxiii, i have things that need getting done, stop eating my time!"
"hasn't decided if he absolutely loves or hates research, but has a feeling he is about to find out "
knows who the origami killer is!
futurama marathon? after finishing a long crazy paper? hell yes!
this guy!  surprise ->-<
out of redbull!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! death
the best part of migraine auras is knowing that in the next 30 minutes your gonna wish you were dead!
"traditional <propfemale> music on the radio, thats cool though i'm not really sure why its on, maybe i should read peoples status updates to find out why!"
"apparently the texas board of education has decided we are no longer a democracy, and no thats not a joke, they decided we are a constitutional republic and not a democracy"
figured it out! the 'f's in ffxiii stand for the grades its gonna cause me to get in my classes!
"if you go to a chinese cultural center buffet that serves a drink called maotai that you seem to love when everyone else hates, it is not in turn a good idea to drink everyone's around you          ouch ouch ouch"
"it's actually a pretty simple formula: anytime i can work batman into a paper, i will work batman into a paper "
"i don't want the impoverished and middle class to get healthcare, i want to pay pharmaceutical companies 10 times the rate for medicine than canada and then get arbitrarily dropped from they health insurance, i demand that i pay at least 1 5 of my income for healthcare       i make sense!"
"watch justified, love justified, its that simple"
really hates when supreme court decisions decide they need 20 pages of dribble e playful laining why the issue is important        back to <propfirst> v  ohio!
"wow, i have to wake up so early tomorrow that my phone has set my alarm for night mode         fun"
back to back house marathons? how could i lose!
sometimes life just feels like your on kobol  playful 
summer ale?!?! but its barely even spr                    chug chug chug
"you know, bbq is a wonderful metaphor for life, every once and awhile you light your face on fire"
fish custard?!?!?!
"is pumping himself up for more doctor via netflix, yaaaaaaaay"
's mind rebels against stagnation!
"days like this i wish we hadn't taken out the air conditioners for summer     oh wait, we didn't, laziness wins the day!"
"has come to the definite conclusion that the more activities he engages in at one time, the better he can concentrate on each one of those activities respectively   thus is the way of adhd!  thus is our way!!!!!"
"netflix added all of firefly, bones, and x files         my life is ruined"
has a ph d  in horribleness
"just bought a captain hammer shirt 'cause a mans gotta do what a mans gotta do   and by man, i mean nerd "
"damn, after i get done work i have to drive all the way to cvs to get benadryl!, man i wish i worked at cvs and not at a hospital      you know        the hospital that has a pharmacy i get a discount at            yeah, i'm an idiot"
"take my love, take my land, take me where i cannot stand, i don't care, i'm still free, you can't take the sky from me"
has an intense need to remove his lungs for the moment          
so there's that                 email!
could use a benadryl induced coma about now
"if caffeine were a drug, i'd be addicted!            wait"
<propfirst> beck is going to unveil the plan?       no      no it can't be       he's a fraking toaster!!!!!!!!!!!!
bow ties are cool
"my brother has introduced me to the usefulness of twitter, and so without further complaint, i cave @hurtfullobster"
"and then <propfirst> learned that red dead redemption is a free roaming western video game, and he was very pleased"
"is watching moose attack!, title e playful lains all"
"had another sherlock holmes dream, i can get used to this"
and thats when i decided to become a super villain
"i do in fact qualify for a free repair of my xbox, sweeeeeeeeeeet"
"it's gonna be a nice, slow day "
slow work day = read sherlock holmes
every now and again i remember why bsg is the greatest show ever made
i'm more at the beach than you are!
"captain banana says, \potassawha?\"""""
"repair complete, moving to phase mass effect01"
ups will be at your house between 10 smile 0am-2 surprise 0pm = ups will be at your house whenever they well feel like it                grrrrrrrr
"power denied, switching to auxiliaries"
and then <propfirst> remembered you need power for air conditioning    this is a sticky situation?
"i have to pay to watch the new gorillaz video? fine, but i won't like it! fine, the video was good, but pay?     really?!?!"
"it ain't summer until you drink summer drink, yum"
"important update: my sister and i have purchased a network extender, which means i can now receive calls on my cell phone when at home  laugh "
loving me some hail and supernatural
"word to wise, drive very carefully this morning, many traffic lights are out"
"phase mass effect01 is complete, opening channels for phase mass effect02"
"in solving a problem of this sort, the grand thing is to be able to reason backward  that is a very useful accomplishment, and a very easy one, but people do not practise it much  in the everyday affairs of life it is more useful to reason forward, and so the other comes to be neglected  there are fifty who can reason synthetically for one who can reason analytically "
bored at work   tell me about your favorite bear and why!  winner gets a beer 
"continued: for those who missed it the first time, tell me your favorite bear and why!  winner gets a beer   yeah, i'm doing a bears for beers program"
"last <propmale>, come bear your soul"
and the winner of the bear-for-beer is <propmale> battaglia for water bears!
mornings agree with me now? hell has finally frozen over
"this morning has not agreed with me, that's what i get for thinking my meds can stop my stomach from e playful loding"
news com au technology last-few-early-humans-survived-in-eden-scientists-say story-e6frfro0-1225896808315  cool but this study missed the study released yesterday that found that humans survived in britain during this ice age
"has decided to make his own envisioning of iced coffee, it looks like crap but tastes of ambrosia"
"will post article later, but courts have made it legal to jailbreak your iphone in order to choose a different carrier, and so restarts gov monopoly breaking"
"drawers moved with no holes in the walls, success!"
"i had my first pumpkin beer of the season last night, best  thing  ever "
"once again i can't post the article right now but the founder of wikileaks is being charged with rape and molestation by sweden, i see psychopathology developing, he should leak his psych reports"
"hey <propfirst>, you know what the best idea ever is, drink dogfish <propfemale> brown ale the night before work! this couldn't go wrong"
"technically when i just did does not constitute driving, but rather fording a river "
i might have gone into pumpkin overload today    if such a thing existed
"the death of satoshi kon will be morned with a change in profile picture, sad times indeed"
the lady making me a double espresso accidently made a quadruple espresso    not complaining
he called it canolli oil?  oh superfresh
"i dreamed that i hunted down a unicorn and made sausages out of it, it was pretty awesome"
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> cha chuuun
ham!  laugh 
"day three of no sun, my poor complexion!  it's going to          stay exactly that same "
"today went from frustrating to hedonistic   in psychology, this would indicate that i have present-oriented mind   to me, this indicates that i'm awesome "
i seem to be the only  one at work who has noticed that my coworkers retirement celebration poster has a death clock on it  surprise    thank you pawn stars!
is it just me or do you feel more full when your food comes in the form of a sandwich?
"i'm assuming today will  best be summed up with saying, \do a barrel roll!\"""""
"i make a habit of watching conspiracy theory, paranormal, and ufo shows in order to find logical fallacies and scientific mistakes in their e playful lanations   it keeps the mind sharp and protected from bad ideas   as i set out to do that this morning w  discovery channel's \world's strangest ufo  stories\"" i was surprised to find out it was a skeptics show doing exactly what i set out to do   i love you discovery channel """
i want space ham
time for you friendly doj psa: combat voter fraud  send complaints to local fbi http annoyed  go usa gov cqq & usao http annoyed  go usa gov cqu or public integrity section 202-514-1412
"one more time, from the department of justice: combat voter fraud  send complaints to local fbi http annoyed  go usa gov cqq & usao http annoyed  go usa gov cqu or public integrity section 202-514-1412"
who's in for a cake-off?  let me know!
"remember, remember         to eat your vegetables, its important for your health     also something else i guess, i don't remember"
you lucky cake-off attendees should check your mail for this weeks cake of the week!
"with one month left of classes and papers and finals coming close, i will e playful ress myself in quoting captain picard   \there are four lights!\"""""
"brew masters is going to be on at the same time as the walking dead   what do i love more, beer or zombies?  my life choices are so hard  playful "
"done with papers about psychopaths and back to papers about drugs, police tactics, and societal implications, finally            my papers are way more fun than yours!"
"pbs special quote: \why do adders love chaos?  because it wakes up their brain \""  hell yes!"""
"q: whats are all the quotes about?\\a: comedy, but that doesn't matter right now "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same!"
"according to netflix, godzilla vs mothra is a mindbending scifi        "
"also today for those who care, the tron legacy sountrack by daft punk is on amazon mp3 download for $4"
"triple update? for those care about this, restrepo is on netflix instant stream, a documentary about a group of reporters following an active us military squad in afganistan"
"so if you  feel like your dishwasher hasn't been working like me, its cause they stopped putting phosphates in detergent   my environmentalist side says yeah, but my side that likes clean dishes says nay   i'm so confused "
"i am bender, please insert girder "
cake-off people: like this status if you would drink coffee if i made it 
i sold 75 automatons today
"i've either discovered that i have the super power to create electricity, or i need to do something about the dry, winter air   i prefer to believe the former "
"who works on christmas <propfemale>? people who care, that's who  playful "
"ok hospital people, if you hate the prospect of working on xmas <propfemale> so much then stop working in medicine and ruining my day > sad "
my little cousin has darth vader shoes   jealous!
"enjoyed a brisk walk in the snow, and i heard that <propfirst> buffalo  totally loves the new doctor again!, i thought it was pretty awesome"
"while i still think it's somewhat funny, i'm starting to think that the surprising number of people who just assume i'm a doctor in hospitals maybe dangerous   i may need to start wearing a sign to indicate otherwise "
"well, if i know anything about what number is bigger than the other     "
"worm, tacos gotta have worms"
"and tired at work and want a hamburger, what a terrible situation!"
"it's an ice-tastrophe!  see, i could be a news reporter "
hamburgers!
i take a certain level of pride when conspiracy theortists claim my arguments are invalid because i'm part of the conspiracy 
"ladies and gentlemen, the frost giants have arrived "
"oh, so this is what no accumulation looks like  playful "
this manly snow calls for some very manly driving 
seriously weather?  ice snow?  is that even a real thing?
"i hear rabid bunnies are attacking the city, can anyone confirm deny?"
"troegs nugget nectar is life affirming, now prepared for snow "
"oh thank god, the forecast has changed to rain rather than snow, can i be in arizona now?"
snow + heavy fog = serious horror movie vibe
"supernatural spoiler!!!!!             seriously though, dragons, sooo jawesome"
"i've been in the philly airport for almost an hour and haven't seen a single zombie, have video games lied to me?"
the fact that i got sunburned yesterday only makes me happy that there is enough sun to do it 
new photographies in az album
just had dogfish head 90 minute ipa on tap   then i had delirium tremens on tap   life = complete 
"some lady in the airport keeps yelling dinosaur, i'm very confused"
i knew airplane bathrooms were a bad idea   airplanes are cesspools for every strain of cold and flu out there   at least i got the flu vaccine   
"wait, the movies i wanted to win best picture actually won two years in a row?!?!?!"
power outage anyone else?
congestion    peaking     must    keep    going    
i prepare for rain they same way i prepare for snow the same way i prepare for everything   today's pick is victory's new headwater pale ale 
"why did i get up at 8am today?  pookieman black, thats why!  must prepare for my new and improved ghost team "
clearly your fire-less morning was less interesting than fiery morning 
thanks for all the biiiiiirthday wishes yesterday y'all!
why is science just magic now?
how did i not think to apply for research assistant jobs before today?!?!?!?!
car is getting death shutters  annoyed 
the  time has come   we are building a boat   all of us 
"broken axil, wheels needed alignment (chaotic evil), and possible dying transmission, hurray!"
"new brewery tried today   legends brewing company from richmond, va   tried their brown ale and imperial ipa   both were very solid, and the imperial ipa went well beyond my e playful ectations   yumyum"
i bought a book on baking gourmet pie and a book on home brewing   i'm gonna be everyone's best friend!
is it ok that i'm more excited about my pie making adventure than my beer making adventure?
"ahhhhh, dreams about steam-powered zombie nazis, thank you sucker punch!"
"i should probably figure out what fruit is in season before deciding what i'll bake next, shouldn't i?  anyone got ideas?  and no pineapple, seein's as how i'm allergic "
npr org templates text s php?sid=135053529&m=1 opinions?
"there is daylight when i leave for work now, oh happy days!"
"i think dogfish's aprihop is the first spring seasonal i've had that really screams spring to me, yumyum "
"well i waaaas really worried about that civil service exam, but apparently i scored within the 5% of test takers, so yay!"
it's another pie day!  today's pie is a blueberry <propfemale> pie 
"oh no, zeus is angry!"
apparently i'm on night shift and not day shift   what am i doing with my new found morning time?  baking a pie!
i'm fairly certain this pie recipe was just made to be a pain in the ass 
skynet has gone live!!!!
"everyday, i try to listen to and live the words of the wisest man on tv, <propmale> swanson "
today is a day!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i will never understand people who eat one 'tato chip at a time, those people disgust me!"
"no doctor who spoilers, but river song is definitely my favorite companion now"
oh no    oh no!  sinus headache!!!!!!!!
