cfddba550a950026c54b4c5930f7cf18
"yesterday=  happy birthday, mom                 + happy birthday, canada"
"is exhausted after her and thayne spent the day at the e playful erience music project science fiction hall of fame, the seattle <propmale> museum sculpture park, and the space needle "
hammered a nail into the <propfemale> ono piece at the seattle <propmale> museum today 
attended <propfemale> and keltin's <propfirst> lynch roller skating party last night   then we came home and watched lost highway   lynch advises that you watch his movies as if they are paintings   with this in mind lost highway was at times like a dark and disturbing 
sonic youth really rocked last night minus the multitude of people 
just had an interview with <propmale> elementary to be a teacher's assistant   *fingers crossed 
made chicken curry while listening to ravi shankar 
thinks her kung fu instructor is trying to kill her 
i just finished my first week of teaching pe to elementary kids   i thought the kindergardeners would be the easiest but it was like trying to herd around a bunch of hyper cats 
"thinks no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
is disappoint<propmale> to discover that the community <propmale> class she sign<propmale> up for (storytelling: the <propmale> of story and song) is cancell<propmale> due to lack of enrollment   hopefully the bookbinding class doesn't meet the same fate 
my bookbinding class is cancelled    go figure   bluh
earlier i advanced from an orange sash to a purple at shaolin chu'an fa kung fu   thayne advanced from purple to blue   the review was difficult to say the least 
"because of some miscommunication, last night we had pizza with only green olives as the topping  the day was strange in it's entirety "
"running errands since noon and inflicted with what i believe to be sinusitis (a sinus infection, but the latin is much more fun to say)   now's the time for tangerine <propfemale> tea and read nap time with miss <propfemale> "
wants to dance haikus  *must take interpretive dance class  *will need a spandex bodysuit 
learned how to tie a tie  the pratt knot 
writing artist statements      ugh
it was a meteor! it lit up my neighbour's backyard as i glanced out of the kitchen window late tuesday night  i momentarily feared nuclear war then was confused when i realised that i was still alive    phew! space is cool 
can't stop listening to the white album   and she's totally okay with that 
advanced from a purple to blue sash in shaolin ch'uan fa kung fu  the review lasted 2 hrs and 40 <propfemale>  i'm exhausted 
i decided that it's cool to have a job where i'm pretty much guaranteed at least one hug from some little munchkin everyday 
"year's end,  all corners  of this floating world, swept "
grad school applications: 1 down 2 to go
"2 done  1 left, and i've even been submitting them days before their deadlines! my days of procrastination are dwindling "
forgot that pumpernickel usually involves caraway seeds  gross 
books are more fun than t v 
i'm sick of kids  and of yelling  bhlughglubgh    meh
state of the union address! i'm gonna watch it   are you?
sometimes frugality means you need to give up loose-leaf teas and go back to the twinings 
just got back from seeing nouvelle vague at urban lounge   french women are so sexy!    especially when they sing <propfirst> numan 
is glad that today is thayne's birthday  this means we finally get to play the beatles rockband 
is full of snot 
i was eating paint in my dream 
it's our one year anniversary! woot!  and there is nothing like watching revolutionary road to make you realise how not awful your marriage is  it's an amazing film and i thought you should know 
had two cavities filled yesterday: the literal one in the back of her mouth and the figurative one in her life 
can hear seagulls
i just got bread in my eye!  next time i cut a slice i'll have to wear the safety goggles 
spent the day checking out her future school and meeting her future prof & mfa painter-friends  yesterday was full of a hellishly long snowy drive through beautiful co (<propfemale> drove while i worried)  skies are blue here and tomorrow we hike 
yesterday i felt an earthquake so subtle that at first i thought it was only my heart beating 
i survived the week-long bureaucratic nightmare that was census enumerator training  barely 
thanks to all who came to the mirror images exhibit opening last night  it was great to see you all!
"recently i <propmale> out with some kindergarteners  one of them tried to write my name by sounding it out  he spelled \mice \"""""
"i've turned in my whistle and unlaced my sneakers  \p e  teacher mikie\"" exists only in memory  huzzah"""
my days are in a state of perpetual weekend    time for <propfemale> fork!
you know it's time to do the dishes when you start using tupperware lids as plates 
the neighbours are about to slaughter a pig in their backyard and roast it on a spit! i can hear it's death squeals
do any of you artsy-fartsies know of a good framing shop in salt lake that is not too e playful ensive?
"it ends tonight, thayne's decade-long servitude with the usps  \such an occasion calls for drunkenness and debauchery in <propmale> chinaski-sized portions "
it's time to play everyone's favourite apartment game: find the smell   
is off to yellowstone!
there's a damsel fly in my living room
"boxes are unpacked, home is cozy  i can see csu from my front door  also the book ranch 24 hr  adult emporium across the street  oh, then there's the mmd around the corner  liquour store is down the street, but don't worry, they deliver  we aren't it utah anymore "
"if ever you want to talk to me on the phone, i have a new #: 970-568-8774\if ever you want to send me letters or show up on my doorstep,  i have a new address: 115 e  plum st  fort collins, co 80524"
survived week one of grad school   barely  i'm exhausterd
"the csu library has an original copy of <propfirst> alber's interaction of color, yale university press 1963, complete with 80 serigraph colour plates   how lucky! i get to ogle and peruse until my eyes fall out"
<propmale> <propmale> <propmale> <propmale> schm<propmale>y f<propmale>y f<propmale>
is feeling much less like a walking stress-bomb after withdrawing from one of her too many classes  more time for pushing paint around!
thanks to all who sent the loverly birthday wishes! my yesterday was great 
"it's a freezing 63 degrees in my studio \how can one work under these conditions? (with a hot cup of tea in one hand, paintbrush in the other)"
"wow, i don't have class all next week? awesome, but i had no idea   how do i continue to survive in the midst of this aloofness?      wo, wow, i just saw a fox running across the grass!!"
\ye shall know the truth," and the truth shall make you mad \""\"cfddba550a950026c54b4c5930f7cf18,"first day of classes   and already slightly drunk, thanks to a bit of peer pressure and the lovely ramskeller--the only bit of wet on a whole campus of dry "
just had my first bookbinding for artists class last night! i'm so exciiiaahhted 
i love being married to the burrito maker!   it means free delicious breakfast all rolled up with guacamole and love 
did you wake up to the smell of cow poop in the air too today?
