8fa298eef40ccce7ac3ca196bd3fabb1
is exhausted!!!
is bored and tired   but more bored than tired
   is it happy hour yet?
"ran over a butterfly this morning, how disturbing"
needs a few more people to join her fantasy football team   meeting this sunday at 2 downtown for the draft   anyone interested?
is ready for the weekend  smile 
doesn't want to get sick  sad 
is upset i'm going to miss the game tonight   someone must be tivo-ing it?
says go gators!!!!
"is thinking     jamaica, costa rica, <propmale>, british columbia   time for a vacation but so not sure where!!"
"is up early and checking off the \to-do\"" list   who is this girl?"""
is so bored   
doesn't want to work   wants to watch steelers!! (ps  i can like more than one team)
i can so pick 'em   vegas is calling wanting my latest thoughts on the up comming week   
51 days till 2010!!!
"just 50 days till 2010, don't wait till then to make a resolution   do it now  smile "
thinks friday is sooooo far away
cant wait to see the patriots totally kill the stupid j-e-t-s!!
"forget the turkey trot, i'm a chicken and it's going to be cold   plus i'm headed out with <propfemale> tonight    "
"happy turkey day!!  thankful for so much   family, friends, new place  wink "
has never done black friday before and is scared   
needs someone to tell her to go running   i'm lacking motivation
does not want to see the sun rise  sad 
is super tired   possibly sleeping in tomorrow  smile 
is never going to be done moving    !!!!
what's up ocala?  smile 
miss you orlando   see you soon  smile 
"melrose place for you  smile  check out my pics of my apartment for subleasing   $700 a month, 1 1, can be furnished if needed   great area bumby central   pool laundry area  quiet neighbors   no pets, sorry   deposit ranges from $400-$700 depending on landlord (i paid $400)   freshly painted mocha with chocolate accent walls   need a renter by april 1st   before that is aready paid for so free to you  smile "
still have a few people interested in my 1 1 with only a $400 deposit an $700 a month    new ikea everywere   available furnished   need april renter   mocha chocolate walls to give my red accent pieces a flare   love my place but moving out   someone is going to luck out with this furniture!!!!  one wall of the bedroom is a closet with moving slides from ikea that were $300   check out the pics on my book  smile 
is still looking for someone to take over my apartment downtown   i have pics up on here   can be furnished or not but need a renter for the1st   can even be month by month if needed   txt me if interested   if you don't know the number just give me yours on here and i'll text you  smile 
still needs a renter    it's so cute and cheap for downtown
oyster fest in daytona beach tomorrow!!!!
needs to really crush it at work this month   anyone want to go back to college and get that degree you keep putting off??!!!?
is it friday yet?
i'm sooooo sleepy   11 hours from now i can rest  sad 
    a perfect lazy sunday   banana pancakes and mimossas followed by laying out by the pool
is slightly more red than planned     damn u clouds and ur mysterious ways
is ready for a 3-day weekend  wink 
"i totally admit it's stupid but i need a freakin board to finish my nursery   it's pathetic, i know"
is ready for the weekend   t minus two hours
is making a caribbean style dinner   any ideas?
started a new schedule  smile 
loves having today off   although i still plan to drop into work for a bit
is lovin public access tv in minnesota  sure to fall asleep soon  wink 
is in lov with a double rainbow
is getting ready for vacation next week!!!
is having a pretty lame saturday night   i'm so bored  sad 
is ready to work real hard the next 3 days so i can play hard in <propfemale>  smile 
i'm so bored   can't wait for vacation in europe    i'm so lucky  wink 
is off to <propfemale> in exactly 24 hours  wink 
is back from paris   learning how to upload photos as we speak
