47ea0f4f58af46f4a9667c4a4c2944ae
had so much fun last night  having a recoup night with friends      drinking 
sick again      i hate my immune system      or lack there of 
so bored     
going out for margaritas !!! yay!!
tired of dumb people     
getting ready to start partyin its my niece's birthday party !!!!
getting ready to go to <propfirst>'s house warming party !!!
family is exhausting     
i love sundays !!!
a little depressed  i need to renew my plates and now i need a new headlight and fog light       can't ever catch a break 
went to six flags      didn't even get burned that bad 
getting ready for another day of work       woo-hoo!!
"slept all day recovering from last night, way too many shots for me  going out for margaritas tonight !!"
my head hurts      again  now as an addition my arm hurts from someone biting me last night     
ugh going to work      it never ends
i am sick with a sore throat        amazing 
<propfemale> night!!!
why do people have to be so frusterating?
need to go to bed but i am not tired 
i feel like crap  i need a better immune system 
i am so happy i have the day off!!!
i think my mom was trying to get into the guiness book of world records today 
i just want to do nothing today     
it should be <propfemale> night tonight but because of things outside of my control i am at home      
so glad i don't work tomorrow!!!!
i had a great time last night  wish i could sleep past ten though  i am so tired
i have finally finished reading the dark tower series!!!! it was amazing  now to the next book 
drinking margaritas at <propfirst>'s house!!! sweet!!! they taste amazing!!! i love margaritas !!! <propfirst> minor
going to take my little sister to camryn's birthday party!!!
i just don't want to deal with people anymore      i think i am going to just hide in my bed for a few months 
so tired  i really don't want to wake up early tomorrow  atleast i have a half day!!
aren't little kids the cutest ? as long as someone is coming to pick them up later     
i hate being bored on weekends! i am going out no matter what 
tired of not having money 
can't wait till i get my paycheck!!!!
i think i am getting sick      ugh 
had so much fun on thursday!! last night was pretty cool too  can't wait till tonight!!
so far my vacation has been great!!!
so glad to be off work for christmas tomorrow  excited to see all my family tomorrow 
not looking forward to working tomorrow  i just want to stay in bed all day 
ugh snow!!! if only i didn't have to go to work in it 
can't wait till tonight!!!!! i am so excited  its going to be so fun!!! wish i could go to <propfirst>'s too but i can't be at two places at the same time        <propfirst> quit being mad 
i'm drunk
i have the best taste in music  thats not opinion just fact 
blue and white polka dots
"contrary to popular belief, i am not a lush      i just take being 21 very seriously "
i scared myself by reading the shining        this is sad  i haven't even finsihed it yet and i am already looking over my shoulder ever 5 minutes 
i kicked a surfer at the dinner table because big bird said to and he's my leader 
damn eye infections  hurt like crazy and i am stuck wearing glasses for atleast a week 
i feel like i have been sleeping way too much  i need to get some motivation      i am sure sitting here on facebook helps 
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! love you mom!!!
i just don't know what to say about last night       
stayed up till 4 in the morning      casino's trick you into thinking its always 9 o'clock at night  i am so tired 
english tonight      i am sure it is going to be so much fun     
i need to go to bed but i am wondering if it will ever happen     
today is going to suck!
thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday!! i am pretty sure it should be made into a national holiday! thanks
i think someone asked to be my friend and i may have rejected it      oops      now if only i could figure out who it was haha
going to main street for my bday      everyone is invited!!! yay! hope to see you there!
going to longhorn for my birthday dinner with the family  yum!
"had an amazing birthday weekend, now i have to get back into work mode   no more drinking till at least next weekend"
staying home with strep throat 
going to the grandparents to celebrate my cousin <propfirst>'s birthday  i think i might be a little bit late      fashionably late 
someone needs to go get all that ice and snow off my car       i hate doing it!
getting ready for bed        tomorrow is most likely going to suck  i hate working on thursdays  although thinking about the free drinks tomorrow night is always helpful!
tonight is going to be great  just have to wait on <propfirst>      hurry up <propfirst> 
why is it that guys are incapable of making plans and sticking to them??
happy valentines day!!! maybe next year i will have a boyfriend to share it with  haha
margaritas with <propfirst> tonight !!!! yay!!! oh and maybe <propmale>        yay 
<propfemale> monday!!! i love monday nights!! i look forward to it every week to go <propfemale> out with my bestie <propfirst>  who also shares my passion for margaritas 
i really really don't want to get my wisdom teeth pulled 
so getting my teeth pulled was not bad at all  i am just waiting now to feel my mouth again 
"me, ditto, <propfirst> and boomer spent the day laying on the couch doing nothing  it was pretty nice except for the hangover from last night  me and jello shots do not get along "
<propfemale> monday!!! best day of the week!!
finished with my paper for now i can't take anymore of pip's great e playful ectations      no one cares anyways
i think i am addicted to margaritas      is that possible?
went tanning and i am red  very red  like lobster red  it hurts  alot!
lost my phone last night at fast eddies  i am so mad at myself  hopefully i can get it replaced today 
so hopefully i will get my new phone tomorrow      i can't wait  i don't know how anyone lives without a phone  i feel so isolated 
got my phone!!!! yay!!!
okay now i have no ones number so if you want to talk to me i guess you have to call me first!! lol this sucks
i just want to say that nyquil is awesome!
just got back from cape  had a great time! now i am back to stressing about school and money  yay 
half days at work are amazing! it helps me get up in the morning  it would be better if it was on a day that i didn't have school that night 
wondering if vista is going to happen tonight     
so today is all work  i start my new job tonight        right after my job at commerce  i think i will need a 5 hr energy today  luckily i got plenty of sleep       thanks <propfirst> 
<propfemale> <propfemale> tired     
half the time i wake up needing to give an apology  i hate that i don't wake up to my phone 
so glad it is sunday but i have so much to do before work 
where do teachers get the ideas for some of these assigned papers we are supposed to write? who would write 6 pages on a character eyes?
i am so happy that my boss let me leave to go to my great grandma's memorial service  it meant a lot to me and my family  it was nice to be there with the family  i bawled my eyes out listening to my grandma talk about my great grandma 
finally done with my paper!!! woo hoo!!
finally finished my chapter summary      may have rushed the ending but atleast its done 
worse morning ever!!!
hopefully today will be much better than yesterday 
so glad to get a little of sleep in  i needed it 
note to self       make sure to log out of facebook before older sister comes and ruins life 
i am so ready for tonight!
i survived the day!! i woke up with the worst headache but i still worked my 15 hours! so proud of myself! go me!
just got home from work and now i am getting to work on this paper  i am so happy classes are over  now i can just work more! woo hoo!!!! this is not sarcasm actually  i really need the money haha
just give me a cup and i'll figure out the rest! woo woo!!
margaritas tonight sound like a wonderful idea!
last night was       interesting  tonight is going to be awesome! with <propfirst> and j it usually is 
trouble sleeping      atleast i don't have to wake up early 
going to go see my grandpa at st  johns  he is hopefully going to keep getting better and maybe be more careful  i now know where i get my clumsy traits from  thanks grandpa!! love you!!
working at theatre      pretty flippin bored  i have so much energy yet i don't want to do anything  having to work a midnight show kinda sucks but hopefully the money will be good     
15 hour work day today      this is beginning to exhaust me  good news i only have one job to work tomorrow! can't wait!
i need lots of money and fast       without doing something illegal  any ideas?
drinking till 2 o'clock was fun but working at 10 is not 
i just want less stress      thats all  just a little less 
i am so so so ready for this weekend!
311 concert tomorrow!!! woo woo!!!
working again till close      i just can't hold in my excitment 
working tonight till close at the theatre        at least i got to sleep most of the day!!
don't break my heart and i won't punch you in the face!!
workin at the theatre woo woo!!
"nobody likes me, everybody hates me, i'm gonna eat some worms, yum yum!"
i want to go to stockfest so people need to go with me!!! who doesn't like drinking all weekend with a whole bunch of people who enjoy drinking as well??
i want to go to stockfest damnit! why are people not cooperating??
i feel so horrible today      i meant to get so many things done and instead i slept       damn hangovers ruin everything  and now i have to go into work  atleast for once i don't close! yay!
all work and no play makes me grumpy
sometimes i just don't want believe i did some of the things i did     
at fairmont park      i am not lady luck tonight 
pretty depressed  i won't have my car back for at least a week  i hate not having my baby!
i need my car! my life sucks without it!
"good news i could get my car back today or maybe tomorrow  bad news, i am stuck at work till 6 "
crossing my fingers that i get that call that my car is done!!!
i got my car back!! the world is right again!
i hate being emotional!!!
i really don't want to go to work tonight!
i should not have energy right now  i have to be at work in like 8 hours!!! i just got done cleaning my room and doing laundry and i still don't want to go to bed!
working tonight        i just took a coma for about 4 hours so hopefully i won't hate working too bad   smile 
just a reminder      all girls are crazy and all guys are assholes      which makes me wonder if girls are crazy because guys are assholes or guys are assholes cause girls are crazy      hmm     
so i think i am getting sick      i am surprised i went this long without getting sick actually but i really was hoping it wouldn't happen at all  working two jobs means i can't afford to get sick 
can't wait to get off work! going out tonight! probably shouldn't cause i don't feel the greatest but the point is that i need a night out!
i think i like nyquil too much  it is now in best friend status  haha
not looking forward to working tonight      that voice that tells me i need money is getting harder to hear everyday i have to close the stupid popcorn popper  haha 
working      its what i do     
i am so glad that i don't have to work until noon today!!! i got off early from work last night and got to go home and play on the computer till 2 in the morning! awesome! been better if i was drinking but oh well it was still nice 
i have started hiding people's status' when all they can say is mushy crap about how life is wonderful and how they love whoever      i like my facebook to be slightly pessimistic and cold hearted thank you   smile 
drinking margaritas! woo woo!
so i don't think i am going to do habitat for humanity again     
busy busy saturday  i need an assistant      anyone want the job? btw i'm not gonna pay you but you would get to <propfemale> out with me that should be payment enough 
"why can't people fit around my schedule?? i mean the universe already revolves around me, people need to get with the damn program!"
i ordered my costume! awesome!
is it too much for a person to talk to someone atleast once everyday? is that not normal in relationships?
let me try this again  i want only people who are currently in a relationship that has lasted more than two weeks to answer  do you talk to your significant other practically everyday?
there ain't no better joy than a big butted boy
the drive was worth it! like usual 
i am so bored! i can't wait for this weekend! i want to get the week over with! i wish i could make a clone of me to work for me! that would be awesome!
caramel crumb biscuit       seriously? caramel on a biscuit?
surprisingly happy tonight  something is wrong haha
how is it that my mom is always right? even on things she can't see for herself?? damnit if she says i told you so one more time i'm gonna start thinking she is psychic 
i don't feel good at all!!!
i want to sleep!! and i still have to make like 8 batches of jello shots      i am so done volunteering!
i'm late i'm late for a very important date no time to say hello goodbye i'm late i'm late
last night was super fun i can't believe all those jello shots got drank ate! i love my boss!
my tire is flat! happy halloween!
i am fed up! i may not be fucking perfect but i deserve a little bit more at the very least!
my sister is having a halloween party this saturday nov 6th so if you are a friend of mine then you'll be there  i'm making jello shots!!!
its not when i'm mean to you that i don't like you  its when i don't care enough to even talk to you enough to be mean when i don't like you  so quit taking it personally lol
you are either awesome or you aren't  oh by the way i'm awesome  be jealous  haha
just got done with the 150 jello shots  everyone who wants one has to put on a costume and come over to my sisters house  call me if you need directions 
oops  i accidentally got drunk last night  i don't know how that happened 
i don't like karate people
"working at the theatre  think i'm gonna take half my kids to go see megamind along with my mother  i'm the best person, i know "
i wish i could attach your penis to someone i like more than you! haha i think this has crossed many a peoples thoughts before 
this is gonna be fun!
<propfirst> touched my boob and didn't even get me drunk first i feel cheated!
so i saw skyline yesterday and it was ridiculous  there was no plot whatsoever! had fun afterwards though!
this sucks! plain and simple
so tired! it was worth staying out last night but i am definitely paying the price today 
papa johns is awesome! bacon and cheese and then sausage and green peppers! yum!
you know why i love vista grande?? they know i'm a <propfemale> and treat me like it!
my date last night was great i'm gonna be tired today  i have to work both jobs  ugh
my throat hurts! i can't get sick!
its amazing what a 24 hour coma will do for your body  i feel sooo much better!
"going to see chevelle, finger eleven, and hail the villain with <propmale>!"
going to bed finally!
working tonight  can't wait to get off!  smile 
i realized that most guys are dumb and dumb guys are not worth my time  they are annoying as hell 
my christmas <propfemale> was stressful but i had fun  i got a new bed set from my awesome sister and a <propfemale> necklace from <propmale>! more than i was hoping for 
working till after midnight again and then opening at the bank tomorrow      i wish i could just work one job but at this point i don't think i could make it with one paycheck   sad  wish i had more time for certain people 
i'm at vista grande chillin with my homies
hakuna matata!!!
damnit! no one loves me!!
i'm at vista grande! having fun with people who care 
my hormones smell like fried chicken
last night was fun but this morning is not 
<propfirst> just said i have to pull it out and keep sucking 
drunk
play now i an smashed and high heels were a bad idea
thanks to everyone for the happy birthdays!!
the bank should be closed!!
yay i get to get off work early!!
i attempted to shovel the driveway this morning to get my car unstuck and let's just say it didn't go as planned  it was a lot harder than i thought 
last night       bad decisions  haha that's all i'm sayin 
"ah!believable-vol  1-\ridiculous speed sign\"""""
wow  last night was crazy  i can't believe i was up till 530 in the morning!
i need some sleep!
i have a problem buying songs on itunes when i drink  it's not healthy
beiber sucks  sorry if you like him but yeah this movie is ruining my life 
