d269fb754baa3fc4e605a6e1637d869d
just spent two hours walking around in the freezing cold and wind looking for a building that wasn't the right one in the first place  sweet 
is anything going on? does anyone want to do something? kinda going crazy sitting at home by myself every day  @ @
fresh whole weat cinnamon blueberry waffles with butter and pure <propfemale> syrup  sometimes it's nice to treat yourself for breakfast 
"thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! if you're local, we're at she-sha right now and then rivermill after   smile "
"thanks to everyone who came out, i really had a fun time"
today's going to be a good day 
"yup, it was an awesome day   smile "
\meet the wine rack ($28 75) – a new product \,d269fb754baa3fc4e605a6e1637d869d,"yay, thunderstorm~"
(´???`)
today just really sucks   
"baking bread this morning, my house smells so awesome right now"
to the douchebags who stole our bikes: fuck you 
another thoroughly disappointing day  disappointed most of all in myself 
i went into the kitchen to find something quick to munch on and ended up making a pot of roasted tomato and <propmale> soup   confidential 
had a really fun time last night at cs~
"does anyone know the best way to fix an inverted sleep schedule? i'm tired of sleeping during the day afternoon and missing stuff or being insanely tired if i do manage to wake up for things, but nothing i've tried has worked "
sleep 2: the sleepening
does anyone in the nrv area know of a really awesome place to see the sunrise?
had a fucking awful day and i'm stranded home alone 
sleep makes everything just a little bit better somehow 
"fling yourself\f-f-fling into spa--"
"sick, so cancelling plans  :["
wrapped up in a blanket and an oversized hoodie  smile 
is finally rejoining the ranks of the employed   laugh  interview went amazingly well and i have a job!
"? summer days   lost my mind   lord, i'm fine   maybe, in time   you'll want to be mine ?"
just woke up from a horrible nightmare    reality isn't better 
"every day i'm thankful for all the friends that i've made this past year  you continue to help me to come out of my shell and realize that life is worth living  i've done things i've never dreamed possible because of you, and i know that it's going to get even better "
bulbasaur owns
snooooow  smile 
really nice to hold a paycheck in my hands again 
"for christmas dinner i made roast beef, yorkshire pudding, caramelized onions, stuffed mushrooms, <propfemale> pie, and creme de menthe martini sundaes  sooooooo yummy! and i'm so happy i got to share it with the one i love "
"tuna salad stuffed tomato: p good \this has been a lunch status "
"new phone! also a new number, please update your stuff: 540-748-8272 (google) 540-818-7005 (direct)"
should i go to the party tonight? i'm really not sure how i feel    sad 
why am i up  sad 
anyone know sure i can sit for six hours and have internet access as late as 10 smile 0?
"i really really really need ethernet based internet access today from 4 surprise 0 to 10 smile 0 today, i have no power at my house cos they're replacing a pole someone hit, and i need to work today  can anyone please help me?"
what's nice about my bedroom window being broken and stuck open is that it smells awesome in here now because of the rain and copious cuddles will be needed to stay warm tonight 
i'm so bored    i miss being able to do stuff   sad 
"new hair, new clothes, new shoes    good day  < smile "
