6778aea82c2023ca165191456bf7b6ee
happy new year    smile 
no job at fantastic sams    they won't work with my schedule      annoyed 
she cut off all my hair  sad   sad   sad  
i feel naked without my monroes  sad  
hmmmm    staying up through the summer like we own the heat
love my <propmale>
in new mexico!
i miss my family   sad 
phone broke  sad  no <propfirst>  send?
i'm in my new houseeeeeeeee
so exhausted from moving! but everything is coming together   finally!
lovin tv and internet after six months! hahaha 
pretty sure i just got a job at the walmart salon  lots of traffic and a regis salon! i'm so excited! finally quitting pizza hut and doing what i love!
oh my god  sad  can't sleep with my tummy hurting this bad  : smile  smile (
so excited! quit pizzahut finally and am gonna be with the family on july 4th
had a great day at the salon!!
what's the point of being home more when all my boyfriend does is plays games with the roommate?
"i love my baby tortoise, <propfemale>!"
oh i'm stealing this from my friend  like this if you want me to tell you my favorite thing about you  laugh  i'll be honest 
chelly <propmale> status
i'm so tired  hahahahah 
i've had the two most picky girls since i've been at work  wtf  sad 
prescott tomorrow to see the family and <propfemale>! phoenix on tuesday with <propfemale> and mom to get product and a new baby tortoise 
i'm so done with stupid girls and their stupid games 
"birthday in two days, woop "
"maybe for once, i could be with my boyfriend     yeah, that's funny "
i colored my hair and look like a friggen <propfemale> bursts  yummmy love 
"hahaha, woke up the boys and am forcing them to go to chinese "
i want my anti brows done    whatcu think??
"god, we need to find another roommate soon     anyone know someone interested?"
i give up 
spent too much money today and didn't even get everything i need 
i can't make up my mind about what i want to be for halloween    but i seem to be heading towards a sailor 
271 days together  love   i can't believe that in a little over two months it'll be our one year 
why am i even here? its not like i ever get my boyfriend 
i wanna go thrift store   yard sale shopping 
god i'm so bored    i love that every weekend we don't do anything but have me watch them play games 
anyone got at extra full size bed or bigger? need it for my extra bedroom!  smile   smile   smile 
"selling my 97 ford escort for 950$, know anyone interested?"
: smile  smile  smile (  i just thought <propfemale> died because i found her upside down and her eyes were open nd she wasn't moving : smile  smile ( but   shes just sleeping 
"yayyy!!! i bought my boyfran his nfl jersey, got me some ganesha plugs, and a lot of 100 tongue rings  slammin deal for the price of it all!!! goodnight"
piercings twenty dollars!!! i use pre-sterilized one time use needles and clamps! i can start once my shipment gets here in a week  smile  smile  smile 
i hate when work calls in one of us on our monday together   it's the only day we actually get to see each other during the week   sad 
i'm tired and my leg is killing me  sad  i feel bad that i'm not social tonight  sad 
"i love doing hair but i hate that hair is everywhere!! in my shoes, boobs, shirt, socks  ahhh > annoyed "
date night my ass 
beautiful day!!!!
just got a call from an old massage client from school   he wants weekly sessions!!!!  surprise 
its effing gorgeous right now!
<propfemale> is sick  i need a reptile doctor 
i'm sick now  sad  ughhhhhh!!!
hey phone broke  <propfirst> please?
i'm so happy with my man 
"my heart, hope, and soul is with the chile miners, rescuers, and families today! may they be rescued safely!"
everything is going great and i can't be thankful enough!  smile 
is officially a registered voter for arizona! yay first year of voting!
quality time with my quality man 
my body hurts so bad after four hours of massage and a full day of work  sad  but everyone was muy feliz! until the table broke    haha 
so pooped! can i please ask for the world to let me take a breath?  smile  it's so busy lately!!!!  smile 
going for a drive     annoyed  
"new mexico wants 200$ to transfer my cosmetology license and i gotta take an open book test  also, they require licenses for body piercings  surprise   same rules for massage   i think i'll just do my cosmo   smile  everything else on the side  fosho  smile "
had a great day with my man  he's such a sexy gangster and he bought me a new elephant pillow  laugh  smile  
my hair is effing perfect!!! <propfemale> is such a great colorist   smile  yay yay yay  smile   laugh   love 
so sleepy today  sad  going to bed early tonight  smile 
i'm being <propfemale> for halloween   you know whats crazy? she's a red head and her last name is petersen  wtf? i'm a darker red head and my names pedersen  smile  smile  smile 
lighter blew up in my hand and then i couldn't put it down because it was on fire and i was on carpet  now my thumb is burnt and it burned my nail off at my tip   sad 
bought the nice lady across the street a few presents for her nd her <propfemale>! everyone needs an une playful ected gift and reminded that they're cared about  smile  love 
statefair with el novio   smile 
just saw over twenty cops posted up in a mile radious  if you running in glendale    they gonna find you!
filled out my early ballot    pretty confused as to what to put down for half the thing! lol  smile  smile  smile 
can't even have one night 
its my favorite time of year!!!! loveeee it  i hope we get trick or treaters   or else im going out biotch! what to do after though    
you make me want to punch baby water buffalo!
where are all my trick or treaters???
best friend tonight and tomorrow  smile   i'm so excited love 33e
kind of disappointed about the leads in the election   but some good decisions were made!
do good things and good things really do happen to you  smile 
yay finally getting a tv for my room so i can have my own time 
can't sleep sad 
couldnt sleep all night   tossed and turned  and i had the worst nightmares ever
"yayyyyy, tiempo con mi marido   love "
taking care of my sick baby 
i feel like poop    and so does the man 
fry that hair girl! argue with me and see what happens    
great    el novio got me sick 
i'm so sick of people lately that i am completely ignoring them by accident    woops?
with the family!  love 3333
i want more new ink : smile  smile (
went to work to find the salon flooded  sad     its gonna be an interesting day   smile 
more ink tomorrow  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  ah!
i love the movie don't mess with the zohan   probably because i'm a hair dresser  baha 
hahaha   whoever just called   thx! that was entertaining and i have no idea who you are  creep scale:7!
and let the madness begin! first two out of a 30 people thanksgiving are here tonight   another 7 tomorrow   and the <propfirst> arent gonna stop!  laugh 
family time is crazy time! the house is already full! hahahah   smile   smile  having a great time!
has been cooking and cleaning and running around like a chicken since 6am! i can hardly keep my eyes open  but i had one of the best thanksgivings ever 
ugh  sad  sick  muy infermo  sad 
"i can't tell you how much i love <propmale> potter  haha, nerd "
best friend starts work with me tomorrow  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  love !
just took out my right antibrow   can't stop crying  it looks soooo horrible : smile  smile  smile (
i got decent tips today and saw a homeless couple at a stop sign with a sign so i doubled back and gave em a few bucks  happy holidays   
"i hurt as bad as the day you died    \you hurt because you're alive\"" """
we need to get our tree and lights and decorations : smile (! christmas is coming so soon     smile  smile 
i never want to help people out again  anytime we do it seems we're three steps back from where we were 
i just want to go home  sad   
just got off the phone with my mom   talked for about 3 hours  smile  
my inner girl is starting to truly be effected by living in a bachelor pad  haha    ?
sick  sad  wish i wasn't man!
everythings gonna work out   please?
ugh   came home from work sick  running a temperature but freezing my butt off   having hot flashes and can't hear through my right ear  lol   sad 
best friends car isn't starting   my cell phone disappeared completely    and i'm still sick  what a crappy ass morning     sad 
woooo! phone finally found after a whole day of searching    vanessa's car took a shit and needs to be towed back to prescott   honda car ran out of battery   hahaha what a day man   time for some ice cream  but looks like everything happens with a backup  thank gosh!!!
i'm so sick of everyone being assholes 
i hella feel like throwing up 
"\gay and asian? the gaysian     i had a gaysian friend one time   he was funny!\"" hahahaha"""
i wish i knew the nastiest word in human vocabulary because that's how i feel about you 
the anti brows are officially done   and my face officially horribly scarred    great   sad 
going to prescott to get the black car looked at and (?) fixed (?)  smile  and gets to see the family     yay 
"<propfemale> christmas! come get your hair done, okay? okay  smile "
"we weren't going to have christmas this year   but we cracked and bumped ourself more into debt  haha, doing my last minute secret shopping for el novio   love "
<propfemale> christmas! having a great morning with the family  so blessed to have the relations we do 
hahahahahaa   great game tonight  great game!
had the best christmas i've ever had  i absolutely love my family 
turns out the car needs more work   a new power steering hose and 150 dollars
"\you cant please everyone and not everyone's gonna like you   just focus on the ones who matter and fuck the rest \"""""
"<propmale> and i finally figred out how we knew <propfirst> garcia  rest in peace man, you were a caring boy "
there is snow everywhere!!! its like a winter wonderland with my best friend!
i can't wait to move   smile 
i love parents; whether they're mine or a close friends    sometimes their love and hospitality is the only thing that can make you feel better 
i'm beginning to have a hard time reading things on our pos at work and print on products   guess it's time to start wearing those glasses full time 
"ew boring lazy ass day  i wish i could have been home with the family  it's okay, i'll be there on friday for dad's birthday "
i miss music    i haven't been able to find what i like lately  stupid auto synthesizer   annoyed 
crazy things happening in arizona! so sad  national moment of silence tomorrow at 9am (our time)   love  all of my hopes and prayers go to the families and victims effected by all these shootings   love 
please keep your prayers open   not only for the victims of the tuscon shooting but for <propmale>'s brother who is in critical condition 
"hahahaha! my boyfriend has spread his habit between me and my other two roommates of leaving our shoes in the kitchen and dining room  hahaha, you walk through and there's shoes everywhere hahaha!"
we had to put my dog sugar down yesterday   she was 15 years old   had her ever since i moved to prescott   crying     sad face     frowny 
i know we need the money   but i miss mi novio  annoyed  
first afternoon with <propmale> in a long time 
buttless chaps just walked in the door  mmmmbaby!
i bet the boys in the house are happy! i've lost my voice completely    hahah   smile 
totally the sickest i have been in years  sad 
i think going to work today may have been a bad idea   the longer im here the worse i feel
do you ever have nights where everything just scares you? haha  sad  ahhh  sad 
<propmale> and i realized we realllly want a puppy  sad !
i just want to be left out of things damnit!
in so much pain    just had my smiley knoked and ripped out of my mouth     ouchhhhh
can't sleep    in too much pain from the smily ;  it hurts to even breathe  all the webbing is gone 
superbowel party   hell ya  mikes hard lemonade thank you for making black <propfemale> lemonade mmmmmmmmm  smile 
"rockin the shades, bumpin the stereo, speeding the curves     going home to reset "
"dear march 29th, please get here faster!!!!! <propfemale> spears  love   love   love "
i want a big floppy hat this summer! theres a cute one i found with a flower    hahah 
nothing like moms cookin to make me feel better  smile 
i love my job! i seriously am in love with what i do 
had a great valentines day but for once i wish that it could be just us  ughhhh> sad 
trying hard to at least learn the basics of spanish! getting some everyday phrases for work memorized  it's working because yesterday i had my first client interaction and understood about half of what she was saying  d smile 
cloris leachman vs <propfemale> white    i'm torn 
these next two days might be the best time of my life   love  i love my boyfriend   
"dear over drafting fee, booooooo   sad "
facebook: i wish you would let me put a emoticon next to my status   sad  hahaha  i like happy faces   smile 
it really bugs me when i clean the house one day and then wake up the next and its fucking trashed  and lights are left on all fucking night > sad 
"i need a dog or a cat that will let me bitch to them about other people  hahahaha, i would feel so much better and facebook would have less bitch posts from me   smile "
"so i figured out why i'm fat! the shampoo i use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\""  i'm going to start using \""dawn\"" dish soap  it says \""dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\"" """
don't worry about a thing because every little thing is gonna be alright   love 
"a lot of horrible things happened today, we're keeping our prayers open for all  love    sad "
might have to get a new tv    a game screen was left on and its been almost an hour and you can still read the text   sad 
we need to borrow a truck to take our tv to prescott    anyone wanna help?  sad 
had the best time with my boyfriend an best friend! kissed giraffes and stuffed our faces    laughed so hard i cried   smile 
"i've decided once i'm finished my lady, i really want to put some <propfemale> de los muertos girl artwork somewhere    hmmmm, maybe my leg "
seriously? we had an earthquake?! how come we didn't feel it at the salon?
the countdown is on    14 days  smile 
i am absolutely in love with the new <propfemale> spears album  12 days to go!!!!
had a great night!  smile 
just spent over 100 dollars getting a new battery for the honda   tomorrow spending 600 on new tires  fml!!!!!!
