902f387e75b85410deb2a9c5b6bab4ac
soy <propfemale> perdidora <propmale> mundo
still going to 10klf!!!
is out of studying power    i hope i'm ready!
hoop-hoop-hoop-hoop-de-doop
"bbqs, beer & baskin in the sun!!"
is gonna jump some hott ass! in t-minus 21 hours   
fireworks! in dc!
lovin summer life in ec!
aloha island party!!
"10,000 lakes music festival!!! here we come umphrey's!!"
last nights in ec for the summer  sad 
packing for turkey!!  smile  and tons of dirty camping laundry to do  sad 
flying to turkey!! and ready for some real sunshine finally!
"lovin life! gettin paid to climb castles, jump off drawbriges and swim in the mediterranean sea!!"
motorcycles & foam parties!
is going to cali! for free!!
"so if you lose your top and bottom on a dive into the pool, is it considered a good dive or a bad one?"
"missin my homeboy  sad  i love you, man!"
kings of <propfirst> tonight!!
"mountain climbin in cali for a week!! watch your back, mountain lions"
is so done wiping with snow and cleaning pots with pinecones    return to civilization!!
is bringing the party to eau <propfemale>!!
they're playin <propfirst> franti & spearhead on the radio?! love it!!
comedy club tonight! phish next weekend!!
campin in kentucky    and a weekend with phish  laugh 
is a thanksgiving grouch! grrr!!!!
pulling an all nighter until my big shopping spree!
stuffed    after a weekend of 3 thanksgiving meals
bands to see before i die: weezer  check! next up: beastie boys
back in eau <propfemale> for one week only!! call me!
opening presents early this year! as in tonight  laugh 
starting school tomorrow    online! pumped to learn about my mind&body connections
got my first cavity filled    dang dentist!
"back in eau <propfemale>, livin the dream!"
believes in the power of the groundhog    no more winter!!
rebuilding my climbin muscles!
used my mad <propmale> skills to land a sweet ass physics research job    mwahaha suckers!
climbed a frozen waterfall to celebrate <propfirst>'s day  laugh 
the sun is shinin and <propfirst> <propmale> is calling me outside to hula hoop!  anyone wanna join? come on over!!
baaaahhhhh!!!!!
my hot cocoa is weak    looks like am going to water street!
got an 8am wake-up call that will make my week  smile 
am a rock <propfemale>! http annoyed  www sierraclub org sierra 201003 veterans aspx
sublime (with rome) on tour and coming to chicago!! now i just have to figure out how to make it down there on a wednesday   
thanks for all the bday love!!!   celebrating with umphrey's tonight~!~ ahhh!!!! who needs a ticket??
spent $5 at the bars all weekend and had one of the best weekends so far!!  big pimpin up in ec!!
sports bra run = springtime! = lovin life!!
another successful weekend    what adventure could be next??
yum puppy chow! come pick some up in davies today or phillips on wednesday and support the uwec outdoor adventure club!!
all my friends' friends are friends with my friends! i like finding out how  laugh 
3 mgmt tix in my wallet    i have 2 months to lose them!
look down while crossing the bridge  wink 
lovin the earth today!! good day to plant my scallions  smile 
campus mall!! right now til 1 smile 0!
my garden has sprouted! thus i created life   
see you at the tie-dye party on campus wednesday!!!
won 2 summer camp tix on ebay for $340!! who wants the other one?! save $45  laugh 
2 dozen friends + 4(umphrey's mcgee) + sts9 + keller + bassnectar + eoto + 4 nights= ragin dance party!!
regroup at the campsite!!
rock from the future
groovin' to the grove tonight! mousetrap 10pm
mgmt shocked me like electric eel last night! and i turned em on with my electric feel    glow stick rage!!
can't wait til the next one ;p
sts9 and boombox rocked the dance party last night    can umphrey's mcgee top it tonight???
"15 hour workday, take 2  let's go floating on my lunch break!"
beer pong at my place tonight!! and no    i don't mean the skanky biker bar
anyone wanna see <propmale> miller band play in milwaukee on tuesday??
phish  backpacking the porkies  prairie grass music festival  kayaking the apostle islands    let the adventure begin!!
tomorrow is my last official day in the military    how should i celebrate?!?!
found $40 in my college catalouge!! it pays to go to school!
kick-ass oktoberfest bday party at ra's tomorrow!!! you'd better be there!!
muse rage!!!
got a new job today!! wooo upgrade from minimum wage and 5 hours a week!!
does anyone have a graphing calc i can borrow for a test tomo morning?!?! ah! help!!
good work wi    learning from past mistakes  smile 
is gonna be a good girl and read my physics book before the day before hw is due    then i will play beer pong    see you tonight!!
"come to playmakers tomorrow for the packer game and i'll make sure the cocktail waitress gives you special attention  wink \ and free shots after tds!!"
"playmakers tonight!! $1 playmaker shots, $2 domestic taps! come on down! -this message paid for by <propfirst> cook"
would someone please text <propfemale> hassemer asap and tell her to meet me in phillips 105 if she still needs math help?!?! thanks!
we're goin' to the show!! we're takin' a limo! roster mccaaaaaaabe rocks my life!!
f*&^$# you physics!! i'm going back to bed! then finding my sexy boy toy    tgif!!!!
shorewood for the long weekend! who wants to play?!
music rocks my weekend! roster raged last night and hyentyte and the finesse will rock the waterfront tonight! see you there!! we're goin to the show!!
"mmm free pie tonight at the hobnailers mtg! 8pm in mcphee 162  come sign up to be a trip leader, go rock climbing or be part of a venture crew!"
one    more    class   
if anyone is on campus and could use a break from studying    say around 7pm    i could really use some help pushing my car out of its snow home behind phillips  smile 
"snowboarding this wed at <propfemale> mtn for $15 lift and $10 rentals, 5-9pm    room for 2 more small people in my car   "
"got my phone back, now i just need to find my charger!"
fish fry with stef ress then groovin to cait leary at acoustic and dancin to down lo at the mousetrap all night long!! see you there!!
anyone passin through black river falls in the next couple days??
such a great b-day week!! much love to my perfect bf and friends for such good times and celebrations!!!
me and ra invented a new drinkin game: playin a video game where every time we die (never happened) or kill a boss we take a shot    hours later we're out of booze and haven't beat the game!!  surprise  what should we do???
