2b285cd7846b12e68186ff2d63795eeb
"sometimes i wish i was <propmale>, but then when i see a prostitute getting arrested in the middle of the street, i remember its alllll worth it "
uggg 
a few days later and i still feel like a moron 
does not like it when things start falling off of her car when she's driving 
why do i keep dreaming so vividly?
i'ma b i'ma b i'ma i'ma i'ma b   in b b b b btown! tonight! that is tuesday the 20th of july  call me and we'll make fun happen 
is watching salsa competition videos 
is getting her shoes did!
why does zouk look so awesome?
"if you've been calling me, i haven't been ignoring you  i left my phone in bloomington  somewhere    actually, if you know where my phone is, let a negro know "
"if you need to contact me today, call do not text 317-610-7023  this phone doesn't have texting so if you text me, i'll have to ask you for the money   and beat you about the head "
messages that get sent to a million people kinda make me want to kill myself  the dreaded thread message 
is a stupid loser face
hates <propfemale> 
watching the tone-deaf sing on the internet is one of life's little pleasures 
i wonder what the end of the world would be like   
its never you 
i walked into a door today  kinda embarrassing 
i just went for a half an hour run at 4 surprise 0 in btown  i just got back  spartacus inspires 
im the biggest idiot in the world for walking into our glass door so hard that i cracked my skull and jammed our door so no one can open it  way to go <propfemale>
is gonna get her body back into shape before she goes and applies at the <propmale> school to be a model 
is going on that run now  i hope i survive the heat   its been awhile 
check ur invites for some crazy shit 
end of the world: t-minus 8 dayz   
do you remember me?
the end is near people: t-minus 5 days 
"if you get a friend request from my boy <propmale>, you probably oughta click yes "
three dayz people  3 dayz  check your invites!
i hate myself for liking true blood so much 
my dreams always know how to kick me where the sun don't shine 
if you know whats good for you come to muh crib 
 sad 
would really like to be dancing right now
bout to get my run on!
"ah, to be reduced to the fist bump  lame~!"
piano lessons and then mass  arg!
is gonna go practice just as soon as <propmale> stops sounding good   smile     sad 
"so, i thought my class was at 8am  its at 2 smile 0  fudge "
is going to spend this month getting her body back into shape 
"i really don't want to go running  now, to go running "
daily run: check  1st set of 700 jump ropes: check 
"dear anyone who uses a practice room and leaves for hours at a time: i hate you  on a good day, i will set your instrument outside  on a bad day, i will stomp on it  on a really bad day, i will stomp on you "
money 
"so remember kiddies: when setting your alarm clock on your phone for the big ear training test the next day, please remember to actually pick the right day  here i come crappy make-up test at the end of the semester  grrrrrrrrrrr"
hates all things man-related 
wishes she didn't sleep 50% less these days 
feels smarter than adults sometimes 
"well, well "
"anyone know where my phone is? if anyone would like to call it, i'd be most appreciative "
"it doesn't matter how many pairs of underwear i wash, there is just never enough "
"hands down, that was the most realistic dream i've ever had  i hated to see you go "
"as it turns out, white castle isn't actually meant to be eaten by anyone or anything ever "
would like to know why my arm keeps throbbing painfully and my fingers are numb 
doesn't know why i'm feeling so anxious 
lost keys and purse in two separate incidents today  i'm an idiot 
i'm hungry  someone feed me 
in need of a back massage 
"ok, i might be actually willing to pay someone for a massage  my back is freakin' killin' me "
gonna stop being like this 
really wants some chocolate milk  like bahhh 
addicted to <propmale> 
i'm moving to miami 
tip 
can't wait for another exciting installllllment of rsm 
my mind is tellin' me no   
nothing meaningful in this status update 
back to the drawing board 
finally feelin' free!
i whip my hair back and forth  -<propfemale> smith
"feels rode hard and put away wet  and no, that's not a dirty comment  its one of my mother's lovely e playful ressions "
hungry 
just smacked the shit out of my head while getting something out of the fridge  gah 
back to flu like symptoms again  do not toss your cookies again 
is about to go buy some <propmale> <propmale> cd's 
is planning on doing all of her favorite things tonight 
did her 6 favorite things tonight 
"doesn't like bladder infections  since i can't get out of bed without running to the <propfirst>, i think i'll stay and catch up on my listening  <propmale> <propmale> is illy anyway "
"i need mother bear's  please, someone go with me!"
"i just saw an add on the side of my facebook <propfemale> that said \miles davis: box set\""  i thought it said \""miles davis: sex bot \"""""
is dancin tonight 
would marry a man who bought me some burju shoes 
"turned on the stove top instead of the oven  i then turned on the oven without picking a temperature so it didn't turn on again  this better be some delicious fish, dag "
came home and sat down at her computer and eventually heard scurrying  i thought a mouse ran past me   it was a baby kitten! i'm playing with a baby kitten! yay!
kitten  that's what on my mind 
"had an excellent time salsa-ing last night even though i forgot it was dst and wanted to die when i saw that it was indeed one o clock again, haha "
is getting really sick 
hasn't been this sick in awhile  i gots the shakes and it ain't from the crack 
has the immune system of a cancer patient 
misses my co-ctp <propfemale> and my <propfemale> lover <propfemale> 
being sick is like being hungover without all the fun of partying the night before  dislike 
it's hard out here for a pimp 
"infection, you got me again "
"as it turns out, you can completely bruise your leg from playing the tambourine  who knew "
hasn't felt this way in awhile 
allergic reaction to antibiotics it is!
"thanks super-obese family members for ensuring that i barely got anything thanksgiving dinner once i made it back to the house  last time i checked you don't need 3 full plates of food, grr "
"blah, what a crappy morning "
you ever just want to turn your neck inside out and cauterize all the yucky bits? i didn't until this morning  its sounding like more of a viable option each day 
"i really want some scrambled eggs, bacon, and sausage "
thinking about doing something new with my hair  suggestions? i'm thinking about a fade   could look nice 
kinda wishes she had some company 
 moderately addicted to entourage
"i love all of you and happy thanksgiving, but please no more happy thanksgiving texts from people i don't talk to the other 364 days of the year "
boo 
"likes my new hair cut, compliments of mahogany hair'stylist turner  if i knew how to tag people in these freakin' statuses, i would "
is a little anxious 
is watching russian latin ballroom dancing  so angry 
"<propmale>, you a sexy mofo "
"<propfirst> thicke: makin' it do what it do, baby "
don't stand   don't stand   don't stand so close to me 
# everyone who writes those annoying statuses  you're lame  that is all 
anybody want to get a drink tonight?
if you were my keys? where would you be?
e playful eriencing the bad side of <propfemale> 
anyone in indy?
is on a love poem kick 
day 5 around my nephews   i think my uterus just imploded 
"slammed hands in a broken window  2 are bleeding, 3 are badly bruised, and none of them bed right  awesome "
is a particularly flawed human being
"officially signed up for the indy 500 mini marathon  as god as my witness, i shall run the sucker in 1:55 surprise 0"
hmm 
"i'd like to give a shoutout to the 4th toenail i've lost  hey, we had a good run "
workin' on bach 
my kitten <propfemale> cost five dollars  i now know why 
til sweat drop down my ballz   till all these bitches crawl   til' awwww skeet skeet!
what to say here 
5 minutes left for something else annoying to happen to me tonight 
"mass christmas text me and die, people "
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored   and watching bones 
i have to play a 10 o clock mass at one church and an 11 at another church  masses are roughly an hour   this should be good 
"if <propfemale> johnston's stupid husband keeps eating all of the damn a1 steak sauce, i'm going to hit him with my car and bury him in my backyard "
nothing says badass like a pair of thigh high boots 
i hear you talking in your sleep   and the secrets that you keep 
phone is acting a little funny   hit me up on here if you need me 
"if you wanna go out tonight, hit me up on facebook since i'm still phoneless "
"i have a phone now  if you text me, i'd suggest telling me who you are first "
is hungry after a bit of exercise 
learning a few pop tunes 
"6 foot, 7 foot, 8 foot high!"
big bang theory is hilarious!
"maybe it was a bad idea to go salsa dancing until 3, then go to steak n shake until 4 smile 0, then drink a shit ton of coffee, then stay up until 7 am before playing 3 masses back to back  i'm praying for the sweet release of death "
"bored, who wants to go to nite moves?"
"thank you, bloomington hospital staff "
"i want to be a whale  oh wait, i already am one "
i hate my roommates 
bout to play a rousing game of truth or dare jenga 
is going to have a productive day 
"i'm stupid  this is me, saying this btw  i, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>, am stupid "
"is e playful eriencing a weird, but awesome feeling "
"suck it, <propfirst> p "
go time   2 days 
"my man is allllllllllllllman, man "
life is freaking great 
come on male leads   where you at?
"\you're all i've ever wanted and i'm terrified of you   still my castle may be haunted but i'm terrified of you!\"""""
"know that if i'm on your list of people you send a mass <propfirst>'s day text, you're dead to me "
i'm stupid  durrrrrr 
<propfemale> wilkerson is a terrible friend and even worse person 
you make me smile when ain't a damn thang funny 
good luck <propfemale> alvarado and <propfirst> culmann!!!! you always kill it!
i think i'd make a pretty ok bartender 
my boo is a beast 
flashing unsuspecting roommates is one of life's little joys 
i really wanna dance salsa really freakin' bad 
"i took a shower, but then kept dancing, so that was pointless "
just finished about a 6 mile run  boss 
gonna go practice and do some yoga 
6 <propmale>  now to shower and practice 
crazy night 
i'm winning  bi-winning 
"can't is the cancer of \happen\"""""
3 people asked me if i was ok tonight  i must look as exhausted as i feel 
i'm done taking nyquil  i had a dream that i was eating chocolate chip cookies and i woke up with my scrunchy in my mouth 
go-getting 
i feel great 
"dear <propmale> pineda,\have my children \sincerely, <propfemale>"
"um, so i just made the most delicious lemonade you never had "
i got dat salsa fever 
let me smang it girl   smash it and bang it 
"guess who works at howl at the <propfemale>? me, biatches!"
i really need to dance tonight 
learning covers   
listening to aerosmith   winning 
boo
glad i still have my computer considering my front and back door were standing wide open and no one was home  nice 
sitting here memorizing lyrics 
wishes someone would tuck her in and read her a story 
meurururrrrrrrr!!!
to salsa or not to salsa   that is the question 
listening to alanis 
"women, not girls rule my world "
"lady gaga is a genius, that is all "
meurrrrr 
on vaca 
i could have children  i could also have a convertible  convertible wins 
meh meh meh meh meurrr 
i hate melodramatic statuses (stati)  just know that i care 
bored as shit 
"gym here i come  i'm on my fitness swag, ladies and gents "
oh what a night 
ug 
<propmale> moody is a <propmale> among men 
when you have a facebook name that is really long (for example <propfemale> screwdemhatersomgimsosexy d) you kinda look like a tool 
don't mess with suckas 
worst fucking birthday ever 
anyone tryna <propfemale> tonight?
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! spent my birthday night watching blazing saddles with the very wonderful <propfirst> allman and the mostly ok <propmale> allman haha 
"well, i'm a redneck woman, i ain't no highclass broad  i occasionally get the urge to say, \hell ya and yehaw\"" among other delightful colloquialisms """
"well, shit "
annoyed 
"i played bass, drums, piano, and sang on stage last night  oh, so this is what not being in the music school does for me "
"oh, true blood, why are you so epic right now? stop toying with my emotions!"
"alright, i'm looking or someone who can braid my hair today or tomorrow stat! willing to pay good money  if you can't do singles, you need not apply "
here's to starting over 
my name is trouble 
"\what do you got on your boobs?\"" -3 year old nephew  \""sports bra\"" -23 year old aunt """
frick 
i fucking hate downtown traffic
sitting next to two really douchey douchebags 
watching <propfemale> e playful lains it all  weird 
about to rejoin civilization 
"finish this phrase  \children should be   \"""""
"finish this phrase  \ i woke up after a drinking binge and\"""""
i like pooing
"\i'm not having a threesome with that girl!\""  -drunk stranger"""
lady gaga  still a genius 
i hope all these blows to my ego have a purpose  they probably do 
"<propfemale>'s if u screw up my order one more time, i'm gonna burn that place to the ground  that is all "
i hope <propfemale> palin and <propfemale> bachmann spontaneously combust 
"so as it turns out, when ur screen is incredibly cracked, u can't <propfemale> up on butt dials  crap "
"at&t is a heartless greedy corporation  also, bear grylls is such a man  such a man, man "
i'm moving to minneapolis!!!!
who wants to move to minneapolis with me? need a roommate 
my phone is down and i've got the flu  boo!
my back is in knots  who wants to give me a decent massage? i'm dyin' here 
i bet dog hell involves being chased around my a giant vacuum for all eternity 
"new phone  inbox or text me your number, yo!"
there's no room for babies in the <propfemale> 
"screw you, asshole "
hide your boyfriends hide your husbands i'm going to btown!
diarrhea
anyone in btown wanna <propfemale> hit me up 
