d2145a2558d9d96e53b980a404b07726
is really really happy at the moment
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz        
"i can feel the darckness closing in apon me, each second it only gets closer to my heart, my world is crumbling to pieces, is there anyone who can save me from my own selfdestruction              "
happy new year everyone!  laugh 
"this particular astrological time period should come with a mandatory warning label to be worn by the temporary purveyor of said energy until the effects have passed  what might that label read? 'for your own safety, avoid irritating me -- and if you do, hide the scissors '"
exactly how big is this family of mine? o o
"my <propfemale> loves me <propfemale> much!!!  laugh  i  love  you <propfemale>, you're the greatest <propfemale> in the whole wide world!  joyful "
ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb!!! - <propfemale> currie
impegnato a lavorare sul mio materiale illustrativo per arrica  lolz!  joyful 
io non sono pronto a tornare a scuola ancora! (passa a dormire)
"can't stop partying, by weezer"
lions! tigers! and bears! (sees something disturbing)                         oh my!!!
i need ideas for my next <propmale> project people or my next poem even! help!!!! lolz
"is a better ninja than @<propfemale> offley, lolz"
"i feel numb, i can't come to life, i feel like i'm frozen in time, i'm too young to lose my soul, i'm too young to feel this old, so long, i'm left behind"
i lost the game!!!!!  laugh 
"bye bye beautiful, nightwish"
"savior, by lights"
"silence of the darkness, by kamelot"
"army of angels, by kerli"
"immortal, by dream evil"
"bye bye beautiful, by nightwish"
"we r who we r, by ke$ha"
"2010 is almost over!! write me something in my inbox a confession or something you've always wanted 2 tell me! set this as ur status, you might be surprised!!! inbox only!"
"the listening, by lights"
"listening to a heavy metal band's take on one of the compositions from fantasia, and its epic!!!  love  lolz"
"livin' on a prayer, by bon jovi"
"livin' on a prayer, by bon jovi"
"amaranth, by nightwish"
"acapella, by kelis"
is hoping that everything that will happen today works out nicely
"owes facebook, lolz  love "
"this love, by ke$ha"
"via vitae longe, impugnatio vitae oneri, sed merces vitae amorem"
"life won't wait, ozzy osbourne"
"blind, by ke$ha"
bonnaroo!!!!!!!!!! wooooohoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"frying pans are better than swords, lolz"
"it's the end of the world as we know it, by r e m "
"i know its a day late, but whatever, here it is; sunday bloody sunday, by u2"
is it just me or does mienfoo look like <propfemale> the pooh?
you gotta fight for your right to party!!! ~ beastie boys
"wonderwall, by oasis"
"halo, by depeche mode"
"butterflies & hurricanes, by muse"
