7abc75b25b1fb65fd7845471a275f6b8
"i love those late night trips to the emergency room, you have so much time to bond with your friends while you wait for results "
"i love the state fair  smile  i had a great time hanging out with rach and her family this weekend, especially with getting to see <propmale> <propfemale> the hypnotist!"
"according to <propfemale>, i am a vampire  not only am i pale and cold, but she says i have no circulation  in addition to that, i realized late last night that there is another sign that i am a vampire: i also need blood to survive!\<propfemale>, thank you for helping me realize what i am "
what’s a worse than playing in vs mode with your friends when you’re bad at videogames? playing in vs mode with your friends when you’re bad at videogames and having competitive tendencies 
"i had a great time at renfest yesterday with rach, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale>  i didn't get the sword i wanted, but i got a cork gun!"
"every person has 1,000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% will not repost this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% that do put this as their status at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it right now "
shut up you person! you inanimate person in my phone! - <propfirst>
you're a starburst nebula jasman gonzales!
<propfemale> wants me to change my last name to rodriguez schlingensiepen     she said she'd overlook my spanishness and pay me $8 hr for just talking to her if i did   
it's only november    why is it cold enough for the forecast to show a <propmale> for light snow    ?
"you could be the best of me, when i'm the worst for you "
everybody needs somebody sometimes
"wonders    is stuff really sealed for her protection or are they just \trying to piss her off? and child proof means they have proof that only \children can open it "
"i want my last words to be \what does this button do?\"""""
i found out today just why video game characters chug down health potions    they taste horrible!!!!
every memory comes on when i hear that old song
there's so much more than meets the eye or what's going on inside
"life is a journey, constantly turning down an unknown path"
a true friendship is when you get together for a visit and when you look at the clock eight hours have passed    and you still have so much to talk and laugh about  smile 
just keep swimming  just keep swimming  just keep swimming swimming swimming   ha just got it stuck in your head  laugh 
hakuna matata  it means no worries!
you're not the same as you were before  you were much more    muchier    you've lost your muchness   
"\seniorita! donde esta?!\"" - spanish buzz"""
when you try to speak but you make no sound and the words you want are out of reach but they've never been so loud
had a pretty awesome weekend  smile 
"if you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten   --  <propfirst> carlin"
"do you bite your thumb at me, sir?"
shun the nonbeliever! shhhuuunnnn!!!!!
thinks that a good song is better and cheaper than a therapist  smile 
"whoa-o i want some more, what are you waiting for? i won't be denied by you, the animal inside of you"
it's always an adventure when you're driving on black ice!!!!
"if your mom is or was your hero, bestfriend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace alot of people in life, but you only have one mom"
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!
<propfemale> says: ignore the strange sounds from the back seat!!!
school district 501     how you've changed     i remember not having a snow day until we had 10 inches of snow  so why are the students of 501 now getting a snow day with only 4-5 inches of snow???
"warning!!! as of tomarrow facebook will creep into your bathroom when you're in the shower, fondle your butt and pinch you in uncomfortable places  to change this option go to privacy settings>personal settings>bathroom settings>fondle and pinch settings and uncheck the shenanigans box  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste on your status to alert the unaware "
so according to this new zodiac i am a gemini   
"the weather people have been pretty accurate lately, now if only they'd predict spring to be coming soon   "
"time for hot chocolate, a good book, and good music  smile "
"yes financial aid verification people, i am aware i fail at life according to you  now stop waking me up by calling me every week to remind me "
my ocd tells me this is not right    
"i really do not like financial aid verification and fafsa, if it's not one thing wrong it's another  i may have had problems with wsu but not the financial problems i'm having with phoenix      playful "
that guy wasn't wearing any reflective bike gear    unless you could his bright white boxers    
"to the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world"
"if you hate someone, walk a mile in their shoes  then you're a mile away from them and you have their shoes  smile "
"dear my security shield virus, \\you are no match for my investigative skillz! my mom's computer is safe from your bogus virus removal software mwahahaha!!!\\love,\me"
