87c8d6dc93ddfd5b5118d4bba0ef7daf
is awesome
im eating french toast muhahahahahahaha
watching spongebob!!!!!!!!!! wohoooo    party!!!! lol
so so soooooooooooooooooooo very very sore from dancemy gosh ugh
we are doin this awesome animal dance it is so kewl           it looks like a mess right now bt its gonna be amazing
my birthday is in 3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 more days til my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am now 15!!!!!
no dance today!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg transformers 2 comes out tomorrow im so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
transformers comes out today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wohooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel like im gonna fall apart oh my gosh!!!
zip    bang    boom    goes the dynamite!!!!!
everythings upside down thts so kewl!!!!
happy halloween!!!!!!!!
ive completely lost my mind
i am awesome with my wizard skillz be jealous
chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ginvisible ginjas assemble!!!!!
my shirt was pretty awesome today be very jealous lol
im in a bit of a pickle its frustrating
soooooooooo bored someone help me!!!!!!!!!
dance all day  sad 
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!!! be jealous  playful 
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! food!!!!!!!
goin to see planet 51 with the awesomest kid ever!!!  laugh 
i feel relly retarded right now nothing makes sense and ugh today is gonna be a long day
i didnt wanna wear pants today
its snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we're christmas decorating today puttin up the tree and lights and make our house look all pretty lol yay!!!!! i love christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wants fried chicken badly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love you at 6:15!!!
wow whadda day lol
i look pretty retro dont i lol
today was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
its snowing like crazy!!!!!!! yayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"theres no skol, snow is on the ground, its almost christmas   life is awesome!!!"
<propfemale> christmas
im sleepy
chaboodles!!!!!
i had the bestest day with <propmale>!!!!!!!!!  love 
pink with green on the inside
theres a first time for everything
im hungry  sad                                  waffles!!!!!!
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't!!! if you support our troops, then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!"
wake up in the mornin feelin like p diddy grab my glasses im out the door im bout to hit this city before i leave brush my teeth with a bottle of <propfirst> cuz when i leave for the night i ain't comin back   
rate me!1=weird 2=funny 3=random 4=cute 5=ugly 6=stupid 7=krazy 8=beautiful 9=kind 10=sweet rate me then copy and paste this to ur profile!!!
i danced with a homeless guy under your bed because im sexy and can do what i want   playful 
omg the ring is a creepy movie i think im gonna have nightmares bt im proud of myself    i watched a scary movie!!!!!
ra ra ra ah ah ah <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> gaga oh la la bad <propfemale>nce
im more of an artsy fartsy kinda girl
cool beans lol <propmale>  smile  ur sooo silly
"scoop da earth put it away, none of u have done the things ive done, gotta go potty      oopsy  laugh "
i only date ninjas  love 
eat sleep and watch tv          at the same time
if it snows anymore we'll be livin in the ice age gosh!!!
today is gonna be awesome play in the snow!!!! watch saints destroy!!!! and eat fried chicken!!!!!  laugh  awesomeness!!!!!!!!!
stupid snow
its valentines day and im gonna see <propmale>  laugh  yay!!!!!!!!
this is the best burrito ive ever eaten    yum yum yum!!!!!
somebody once told me the world was macaroni so i took a bite outta a tree   it tasted kinda funny so i spit on a <propfemale> and the <propfemale> started poopin on me  laugh 
i think im sick  sad 
i  love  <propmale>
"random kid: \hey hey shes talkin to you\"" random dude: \""who?\"" me: \""meeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!\"" <propfemale> to random dude: \""i love u\"" hahahaha best day at lunch ever!!!!!!! hahaha"""
hahaha i surprised <propmale> today  playful  he thought i wasnt gonna go to his house bt i showed up and he wasnt there so i waited for him and he attacked me when he got home lol  laugh 
well my weekend is now ruined sry lyss  sad 
flagenbajeeblenohem!!!!!!!
my pants are green!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  playful 
i cant focus its raelly wierd
hahahahaha i got <propmale> so worried cuz he thought i was ignoring him all day hahahaha lol sry <propmale> love u!!!!  smile   love 
<propmale> y did u have to get grounded  sad 
i love <propmale>  smile   love 
release the kracken!!!!  playful 
<propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> henderson i love u guys lol u make life sooooooooooooo much much more fun hahhahahahaha  laugh 
my name is amanda            what now
njdjwiuenbdefvwyeghquijnewjgiguf means i love you in random  laugh   love 
hey hey hey hey u hey u hey u with the face hey dude im talkin to u!!!! (what?) hi  smile   love 
 sad   smile   love  thts how i feel about this weekend
everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else
when life hands you lemons make grape juice and let everyone wonder how you did it
*sigh*
"it's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives"
 sad 
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  i love you mommy thank u!!!!!!!  love 
dun na naaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!! (tht was my epic moment     yea i have those)
omg i just found out the most awesome thing today   the sky is blue!!!!  laugh 
get yo finga outta my face ge get yo finga outta my face you kno what i mean jelly bean  playful  (the fun things my dad comes up with in a the car  love  )
dance workshop today  annoyed  bt then i get to see <propfemale> so its all good  smile   love 
this weekend was pretty awesome!!! i went to an awesome workshop gave all the choreographers a hug  playful   love  then went to <propfemale>'s  love  and then chilled  laugh 
oh phones tht can read ur txt messages to u how i love u so much  laugh   love 
" love  live well, love much, laugh often  love "
3 smile 
www dumblaws com    laugh 
hugs make the world go around  smile   love 
i am soooooooooooo ready for urbana dance recital tomorrow!!!! gonna be a long day bt totally awesome  laugh 
who's hair is florecent pink <propfemale>'s hair is florecent pink!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly  smile 
had the most awesome week anyone could possibly have  smile   love 
my name is henereich wundersplitzin and jump rope is my favorite sport  smile   love 
pickles
icecream icecream <propfemale> on top how many boyfriends do i got             none  sad 
hey diddle there's a junebug in your cornflakes  laugh 
is mocha  wink 
everything happens for a reason
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh look a <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gibby gone
leeeeeeeerooooooooyyyyyyy jenkins        well atleast i have chicken  playful   laugh   smile 
ok so we did a bollywood dance and in the song dhoom machale they said ishq (otherwise known as ishka lol) like a bajillion times and it means love lol tht simple  laugh  (ishq ishq!!!)
yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  today is a gift  that’s why we call it the present 
im gonna tongue punch your moms fart box then read a book
last one home is a big old purple pickled egg!!!!!
i think he tore his gooch  laugh 
"i'm not a perfect girl my hair always doesnt always stay in place, and i spill things alot  i'm pretty clumsy, and sometimes i have a broken heart  my friends and i sometimes fight and some days nothing goes right  but when i think about it and take a step back  and i realize how amazing life really is  and maybe,just maybe   i like being imperfect "
"someday things will make sense  so for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and remember everything happens for a reason "
one day i'll realize to let go of things and people i love 
i love u mommy  u know how to help me through tough times and i love u with all my heart  smile   love 
y do people obsess over relationships??? theyre pointless and when ur in highschool its not a relationship its a guy and a girl who see eachother in school and make out when they get home    its stupid
you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
dont take life too seriously  no one gets out alive anyway
bravery is being the only one who knows that your afraid
most girls want a night in shining armor  im just looking for the dork in tinfoil
thank u all for my birthday wishes i love all of u and i couldn't have asked for a more perfect day!!!!!  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile   love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
did you know it's more likely for someone to get mauled by a polar bear and grizzly bear in the same day then when the lottery
"when i wake up in the morning i look like crap, but i know <propmale> mars will love me just the way i am"
you put your hand up on my hip and i dip  you dip  we dip 
"lol has gone from meaning, \laugh out loud\"" to \""i have nothing else to say\"""""
"do you remember when you were a kid, playing video games and it wouldn't work? you take the cartridge out, blow in it and that would magically fix the problem  every kid did that, but how did we all know how to fix the problem?"
"everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding that reason"
i love my dance family  smile 
hey dude u gotta wath this hes about to rip off his pants!!!!
why would you be drawing in the dark when you could be drawing in the light?
ballet shoe!!!!!!
if your life was a movie: what genre would it be? what would be the plot? and what actor actress would play you?
always forgive your enemies  nothing annoys them so much 
"i see you all the time and i want to say hi, but i need to get over you  i'm just not sure i can "
5 hundred 25 thousand 6 hundred minutes
what the effing crap? that angel guy just totally just felt me up!
"everyone says love hurts  that's not true  loneliness hurts  rejection hurts  losing someone hurts  everyone confuses these things with love, but in reality, love is the only thing in this world that covers up all the pain and makes us feel wonderful again "
thanksgiving is the one time of year when <propfemale>ns have an excuse to be lazy and pig out      god bless <propfemale>  wink 
"life is like an hour glass  eventually everything hits the bottom, and all you have to do is wait 'til someone comes along and turns it around   smile "
if my heart had a face it would be smiling  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
tie me a rainbow *fart*
yesterday is histroy  love  tommorow's a mystery  love  today's a gift that's why we call it the present  love 
 love  <propfemale> christmas to all and to all goodnight!!!!  love 
life is good  smile 
why is the world filled with so much anger and hate??? why can't strangers walk up to eachother on the street and just dance!!!!!!!
i'm wearing the best outfit in the world! you ask y? well i'll tell you why!    my grandma gave it to me  smile  smile  smile  smile 
why are egyptians suddenly so angry?
can i make a national hug <propfemale> day? (as in everyone hug me!!!!)
someone marry me?  laugh 
