97c25d4e8afed4dd451c4b038718fa29
just passed the 130 mile <propfirst>!  that seems like a lot of <propmale> to run!   smile 
is moving in 7 days!
is she was more like a beauty <propfemale> from a movie scene   
is we're still the greatest    
"is for no one else gave me a thrill, with all of your faults, i love you still   it had to be you   "
is i left my heart in indiana 
"is learning that it takes a little skill to run in new york!  but nonetheless, fierce run!"
is my heart is not in ny!!  it's in in!
loves living here!
liked work a lot!  but i miss home a lot tonight 
"if you were a veggie burger, i'd eat you up "
is just grab yourself a seat and a whiskey double because the girls of the world ain't nothin' but trouble   
is the den and stacks cannot be closing!  it's criminal!
"is the den and stacks cannot be closing! it's criminal!  where will the sea of greeks go to get their caffeine fix while wearing uggs, designer sunglasses, and north face denali jackets?!"
dear stacks and the den - stacks   you gave me one of the most memorable nights of my college career   the ghosts of dg's and all greeks past will forever dance on your benches! den   you got me through an engineering degree with your potentially crack-la
is i'm so glad i got my run in today   running is my sanity 
is running a quick errand and then brunching with s 
is what a perf little afternoon!!!
just ran her 200th mile!
loves seeing old friends  smile 
<propmale> bayless is a hot bitch 
is watching tiger lock it up 
"poor tiger   outwardly gracious, inwardly furious "
is watching trashy tv and eating yummy thai noodles!
 love  's nyc!
is we're still the greatest   
is i love running down the west side highway with the statue of <propfemale> ahead of me!  it's just a different kind of motivation!!
is go bears!!!
is so excited for fall!  happy september!
is my better is better than your better 
is bliss-ing out 
"is   black cards, black cars, all black everything "
is fashion's night out tonight!  can the universe handle that much fierce in one building?
is    i met <propfirst> olsen!  my life is complete now 
is go bears!!!!
is let us die young or let us live forever    
is happy birthday bestie!!!!!!!!!  i  love  you!!
is it felt so good to sleep in!  it was such a long week!
is annoyed   and that movie sucked 
"there is nothing you have that i need, and now i can breathe "
just passed the 300 mile <propfirst>! just run  smile 
"is ready, set, go!"
"don't leave  i'll eat you up, i love you so "
"   without you, things go hazy "
i'll find you again      love 
"dear new york city, can i never leave you?  we're made for each other   xx c"
"it's not how you start, it's how you finish   it's not where you're from, it's where you're at "
"congrats, nyc marathoners!  run on!"
"we're all different   but there's something kind of fantastic about that, isn't there?"
you sell lies   how do you sleep at night?  on a bed full of money 
had an amazing day!
did you say it?  i love you   i don't ever want to be without you   you changed my life   did you say it?  because this is it   it might all be gone tomorrow 
"she looks good but her boyfriend says she's a mess, she's a mess, the girl is stressed   "
"had an amazing, amazing holiday, and now out with s for our favorite loop of the city!"
"there's a woman on his lap and she's drinking champagne  got white skin, got assassins eyes   "
"this year, i resolve to step brightly, wear (even) more sequins, throw dinner parties, laugh loudly, and always be well-heeled (by mr  louboutin)   au revior to a truly fantastical year, and cheers to the next!"
b at t's!
"square one, my slate is clear  rest your head on me, my dear "
"we are two birds of a feather, the rest is just whatever "
"she's not broken, she's just a baby   "
obsessed with wb house   ob sessed 
how far is heaven?
fall <propmale>'s warehouse sale    success   i think i'll just sit here all night and obsess over my growing collection of the row pieces 
"these violent delights have violent ends, and in their triumph die like fire and powder, which as they kiss, consume "
"corporate snow day, take 3   seriously!"
believe in the run 
i have the simplest tastes   i am always satisfied with the best 
off to dinner with my fav <propfemale> yates and then out for some west village entertainment  wink 
"for all that we've struggled, for all we pretend, you know it don't come down to nothing except love in the end   and ours is a road that strewn with goodbyes   and as it unfolds, as it all unwinds, remember your soul is the one thing you can't compromise  **this is for you, <propmale> paknis and <propfemale> ruf "
happy birthday <propfemale> bartz !!!!  i love you biggie  smile 
opening day baby!!!!  go cubs!!!!!
momofuku ko  die? yep 
music sounds better with you 
"new york, for the kings and queens    "
"square one, my slate is clear   "
"we danced wild, we kicked off our shoes  not a cloud in the skies to confuse "
wives club on the hudson!
"the time will come when you're tempted to give it a shot   worst case scenario - you're with some friends on the subway and the poles are calling your name   the time will come   and if you try it, you will be embarrassed   i repeat: you will regret taking the pole        <propfirst> <propfirst> frost    amen, right?  stay classy "
you can't <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive  the dog days are over 
you are the only exception 
jump   and the net will appear 
wave your hands in the air like you don't care 
power walk on the highline with some guidos and then lululemon is calling my name 
make believe in miracles instead 
standard yoga  standard hotel 
always move forward  never look back 
what are we gonna have?  dessert or disaster?
no one gives it to you  you have to take it  non serviam 
"had the most amazing romantic gorgeous date night with <propfirst> <propfirst> frost !!!!!  \  and here we have two light sources   and now one light source \""   wink """
i honestly believed in you 
so glad saint <propmale>'s er will remain open!  not quite the same st v's but its a relief to know us west-side downtowners will still have an emergency room nearby!
i guess we'll just have to adjust 
standard yoga  standard hotel 
"in a world unknown, you've got to hold your own "
"there is no failure here, sweetheart "
"watch out, lower manhattan!"
my drivers license shouldn't even be valid in manhattan  atleast i didn't run jordy off of the gw bridge!
ready to be dunzo!
"i don't know much about clothes, but my hair looks fierce "
"dear crazies, please stop trying to blow up nyc  you can't have our city  its ours and we'll take you down every time, bitches  thanks  love, new yorkers "
spotted pig 
you're what keeps me believing this world's not gone dead 
sweet like <propfemale> to my soul
remembered my reusable shopping bags for the grocery store  ha!
happy mother's day <propfemale> mulcahey gorgei !!!  everything good in me is from you! i love you!
"leave all your loving behind, you can't <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive "
aids walk in central park!
a million <propmale> beyond what science understands
lipstick <propfemale>  destroy everything you touch 
west village   here i come!
"mom is on her way, fun few days ahead!  weekend starts now!"
destroy everything you touch 
"did you say it?  i love you  i don't ever want to live without you  you changed my life  did you say it?  make a plan  set a goal  work toward it, and every now and then, look around   drink it in  cause this is it  it might all be gone tomorrow "
my god pouts on the cover of a magazine 
standard yoga!
"lover, you drive me to distraction"
"this time, baby, i'll be bulletproof "
home is wherever i'm with you 
every song mstrkrft puts their touch on is out of control amazing 
"god or the devil alone could not have made you up, the two must have worked as one together "
standard yoga time!  yes please!
aint nothing please me more than you 
morning activities: getting ready for work and fist pumping to <propfemale> dagger!  lord <propmale> is back in chicago!!!
"did you say it?  i love you, i don't ever want to be without you, you changed my life   did you say it?  because this is it   it might all be gone tomorrow "
i walked 25 blocks in 5 inch heels last night  no blisters  love my loubs!
italia!!!!!
never loved one like you    
chic-quinox!
chic-quinox sweat fest!
tiger looks fat 
who's life am i living?  equinox?  marchesa?  what?
"i love the sunday night feeling, after a great weekend, of exhaustion and happiness  smile "
you belong to me 
just had a mini-binge on mini doll-house size pieces of pie with <propfirst> gosz   and we loved it 
pilates night  smile 
the way you love me is like a needle in my vein 
i wore through the sole of my favorite black flats   like   legit wore them through to the leather of the insides  i didn't know that happened in real life!  sad!
"as if living in soho weren't humbling enough, i now subject myself to butt shaping classes with <propfemale>'s secret models  like, real ones  from the ads  right next to me  its the downtown version of motivation?"
mind over madness 
these violent delights have violent ends 
"she don't believe in shooting stars, but she belives in shoes and cars "
"the dior f w couture show is blowing my mind right now!!!!  the hair, the shoes, the dresses, the hair!!  die   so amazing!"
this has gotta be the good life 
"everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life "
my favorite color is couture 
you can't <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive 
leopard print is the gift that keeps on giving 
moments like these     moments like these never last 
"i'm going in for the kill, i'm doing it for the thrill  i hope you understand "
this is the life that everybody asks for 
still going on 3 hours of sleep and 2 lattes  i'll sleep when i'm dead!
this is our decision   to live fast and die young 
first day of my job at the atelier!  sfe!
i'm not sure if my weekend was for real or not      but the exhaustion tells me it was!
drag my teeth across your chest and taste your beating heart 
rip black python flats 
that <propfirst> wang sample sale made the death of my favorite python flats bearable 
i need your sway 
<propfirst> wang makes me shake my thang 
live with intention 
"don't grow up  our bodies get bigger, but our hearts get torn up "
"loubs, red lipstick, and runway hair   the vps won't know what hit 'em in that conference room "
such a vivrant thing 
"i need your soul, because you're always soulful "
i die  literally die  for <propfirst> wang   and the entire upstairs room devoted to the new fall line at opening ceremony!!  yum 
dance like its the last night of your life 
"\miss ireland would like to take her modeling e playful erience and turn it into a career in political journalism \"" -miss universe  shut  the  front  door  loves """
"<propfirst> wang to open his first store, 7 blocks away from my apartment, by the end of this year   shut  up "
"love is no illusion, sometimes i can see it in your eyes "
its september!  cue fall fashion   now!
i can't turn the sound off in this cab  i hate taxitv!  torturrreeeee 
rip summer 2010 
"judgement, gossip, ethics, let's just e playful loit all this excess   you can feel how we feel, to walk around town lookin' down from those tall heels "
"hi fashion week, bye real world  see you in 8 days "
"holy <propmale>!!!  14 minutes to go until its runway time!!!  craziest show i've been to so far, its mayhem back here!!!!"
"<propmale> jacobs ss 2011 in 5 words: seventies, sheer, satin, sexy, nippletastic!"
"i party all day, and i just want to play my whole life away   love  nyfw!"
"uptown overflow, light her up and let her go  you're just a cold dust girl "
whole foods on the bowery and birthday shopping for <propfemale> <propfemale> langbehn !
"if you're worried about being alone, don't be  you're not "
a downtown girl goes uptown for brunch  mass hysteria ensues 
drag my teeth across your chest and taste your beating heart 
sick sick sick  headed home for an afternoon of bravo tv and hot tea 
the world is ours 
happy birthday <propfemale> <propfemale> langbehn !!!  we love you!!!!  love 
<propfirst> ronson     blowing my mind 
whirlwind life  the world's ours 
"entire set of <propfirst> vuitton luggage under my eyes right now  trunks, suitcases, carry-on bags   the whole set "
rip ss11 fashion month!  can't wait for february!
glad my mommy is okay  sad 
"all we care about is runway models, cadillacs and liquor bottles "
paper and milk   wink 
"you can feel how we feel, to walk around town looking down from them tall heels    "
zumba!  we love 
lifelong ambition became reality last night  i met peewee <propmale> 
"miami, bitch "
sweet home new york city 
<propfirst> wang addict 
i whip my hair back and forth!
sometimes the only way to answer a question at the office is with a hair flip 
nemo nisi mors
"shny interview tonight  i'm guessing the leading question will be: \do you believe in carbs?\"""""
"my 107 year old great grandma passed away today  what a fierce woman, 107 years     so amazing!"
<propfemale> many sweaty hair flips at spinning last night  it was next level 
you belong somewhere you feel free 
high ponytail  impeccably tailored pants  happy wednesday!
"four floors apart, two worlds in half"
"the last meal at raoul's  day one of the cleanse, tomorrow "
"i'm shining like fireworks over your sad, empty town "
"good luck to the nyc marathoners today!!!!  especialy jhof!!!  get it, girl!!!!"
she's long gone 
going to the <propfemale>'s secret fashion show tonight  high point!
"nothing gets me in the holiday mood more than glitter, 6 inch heels, wings, and angels in their finest underpinnings  vs fashion show, yay!!"
just lived a teenage dream 
"white grape bellinis, coco de mer, and passion souffle  the finer things in life!"
thank you to my amazing and beautiful nyc family for my insanely chic and glamorous surprise birthday party last night!  sono <propfemale> <propfemale> fort<propfemale>ta!
"when its time to go, you've just got to ignite   "
thanks to everyone for all the birthday love!!!!
the row sample sale  yesss 
"i could fake it, but i still want more "
4 am  lanvin  we're doing this 
the lanvin mission was obviously successful  and so worth the 4 am wake-up and 4 hour wait!
"you're not my savior but i still don't go   i could fake it, but i still want more "
"dearest alber, these leopard heels could have used a platform  a straight 5 inch heel is no joke!  but not complaining, just sayin'!  wink  xx moi"
"obsessing over my ipad  and yes, the <propfirst> de la rent a case is already ordered "
"<propfemale> let's go, i don't care where "
happy thanksgiving! hope everyone has a delightful holiday!
just had pumpkin pie for the first time ever  i meannn        such a <propmale> moment 
a little yoga and then boston museum of fine arts!  boston is so chic!
"an afternoon of light shopping and lobster in beaauuutiful freeport, maine!"
"maine lobster, snowfall, holiday shopping, and starbucks  c'est magnifique!"
sweet home soho!  first stop    equinox  obvs 
"i'm going in for the kill, i'm doing it for the thrill, i'm hoping you understand "
"rip <propmale> <propmale>  it'll never be the same, but we'll never stop believing!"
"omgawd just left the soho house, the room looks beyond  tonight will be so <propmale> "
"highlight of my night: <propmale> innes drunkenly telling me \i love your dress \"""""
black swan diet  starting immediately 
full on black swan obsession mode 
you should keep in mind there's nothing i do better than revenge 
nothing beats new york during the holidays  nothing 
"forgive me, i'm blowing your mind "
louboutin down! taking it to the loub emergency room   
the new deadmau5 album is next level 
holiday shopping at bergdorfs  always so beautiful and magical!
"i'm wearing uggs in public  shame spiral  its just so cold  feel free to judge me, i'm judging myself "
"upon mapping out my post-christmas shopping in chicago  it's like, really? i mean    no madewell boots, no opening ceremony for <propfirst> wang madness, no la metier de beaute? what is there?"
forgot i have to go to an <propmale> opening tonight   shit!
cutting my last midwest ties  getting the ny driver's license today 
no rest for the wicked 
it's tough to successfully pack a fur coat but i will find a way 
spin tomorrow with <propmale> & <propmale> at soul    at 6 smile 0 am  how did i get talked into this again? lured by a mocha latte in a cab at 6 am & sychronized sweaty hair flips?  probs 
"midwest time!  already miss you, manhattan! (yes, i'm still in soho and i already miss it )"
whipping my hair back and forth with my mom 
"dear new york, i miss you  xx moi"
my stomach cannot handle the midwest anymore  end of story 
<propfemale> christmas to my delightful family and friends!  all my love xx
"life consists of rare, isolated moments of greatness that hover above us  the most precious is love  - my beautiful friend, <propfemale> guinness  wise words from a wise gal "
leopard print stockings make the outfit every time  chicistan 
mannequins are always wearing the last of something in my size  i always undress them  store clerks hate me 
"its a <propfemale> kombucha kind of day, most definitely "
"complete meltdown reading final chapter of 'blow by blow ' such a beautiful, touching account of an extraordinary woman by the man who loved her "
wheels up!  back to fashion city!!
great e playful ectation 
its high ballerina bun wednesday  <propmale> 
"this morning, <propfemale> hiipakka e playful erienced soul in tribeca   and she got her world rocked!  that's how we do it here in nyc, baby!!!  so excited that you loved it!   love "
ugh  said ballerina bun is wound a littttle too tight today 
gluten free waffles suck 
don't hold it against me 
corporate snow day tomorrow!!!! they already closed the buildings and the first flake hasn't even fallen   not complaining 
"when i get a fresh, perfect blow out, all i want to do is hair flips  tonight is one of those nights"
"her swagga don't stop, her body won't quit "
the lionnn 
"knuckles a little bruised & torn up (just a little), body is worn out, arms feel like jelly     killer boxing sesh with <propmale> tonight? sounds like a yes "
i need a latte before the rest of my day can happen  #addict
<propfemale> moore in lanvin is everything tonight   my #1 look of the night!!!
"and <propfemale> portman in viktor and <propmale>    way to werk, mama!  no safe looks for her tonight! yes!"
fall couture collections show next week!!  can't wait!
"(i'm having a moment, right now  excuse me )"
i don't understand when starbucks employees get annoyed when i ask them to fix my order that they screwed up  i know my order is a pain in the ass but i pay the $6 for it soooo     fix it with a smile 
"somehow, i got roped into sunday morning soulcycle with <propmale>  i'm not mad about it "
"how does it feel now to watch it burn, burn, burn    "
dior couture today  get ready for me to start obsessing 
sleeping for 100 hours  speedball fitness officially wore me out tonight!!  dunzo 
<propfemale> is everything  no one works the couture walk pose look like she does 
"baby, you're amazing just the way you are "
wheels up - to the midwest for the bat of a (mink-lashed) eye 
"no e playful lanation, how dare you?"
"sag red carpet, total yawnocaust "
"trapped  whatever, just get me back to manhattan by friday  we have a big saturday to attend to!"
love makes no sense of space and time 
about to skype into a speedball class back in new york while i'm trapped in indiana  i love technology 
@caitlinbartz: to the woman at ohare in terminal 2 that's wearing the zebra print snuggie     i'm speechless  you are a special edition of crazy 
sweet home manhattan  finally 
"there is nothing better than a swingy cocktail dress, a <propmale> chignon, loubs, and red lips  nothing "
living arts  killing it 
black 'n yellow!!!!!
"high ballerina bun or long, straight channeling-jane-birkin 70's hair tonight?  hmmm    "
goodbye real life  see you next friday 
@caitlinbartz: going where very few go     aggressively wearing socks and heels!  http annoyed  yfrog com h3j2vtaj
"i didn't think voicemail still happened anymore, then i got one, and listened to it, and it was just silence  so i'm back to thinking they don't happen "
i'm trying to figure out how i'm going to actually get to the <propfirst> laing show  it's really off the beaten path  #fashiongirlproblems
omg <propfirst> wang show just blew my mind  blew  my  mind 
"up and at 'em  dear nypd, pleassseee no investigations on the 1,2,3 line today  #ineedtobeontime"
"dear timo weiland, you gents are geniuses and i'll take one of everything that you showed today  xx moi"
is it weird that i didn't even really register that its valentines day?  to me it was nyfw day 5     
<propmale> jacobs just owned fashion week  totally dying 
the beautiful people    
"this mornings dance party is brought to you by <propfemale> and the machine  sorry, neighbors    "
a fur skirt and a grey chunky knit with a fur-trimmed hood at <propfirst> today   it's everything 
<propmale> perdis mascara is no joke  its serious stuff 
"ahh return to neutral  8 days in 5th gear was enough for me!  and its a perfect, beautiful morning in new york city  listening to led zep & enjoying the open windows "
"walking home today is not a chore  spring fever, nycity style "
"@caitlinbartz: headed to soho @equinox to play w  @speedballftness for the hip box event! come join is, everyone is welcome! #girlsinloubsknockbitchesout"
my socks with polka dots suddenly seem so relevant 
<propfemale> swinton is the fiercest woman to ever attend a fashion show  #chic #televisual
"i don't speak <propmale>, but i can if you'd like  #mugler #cantwait #mfw"
"this extremely productive day has been brought to you by my grande mocha latte  grazie, starbucks!"
congratulations to <propfemale> hurley & <propfirst> <propmale>!!!!  you guys deserve all the happiness in the world!
rainy morning playlist - the social network soundtrack
mo got me through this week  i have an f'ing truck load of fw2011 <propfirst> wang with my name on it 
a glossy dinner with one of the finest gents in all of manhattan!
i'm only excited for <propfemale> moore to show up at the oscars  she'll be the only one in a fierce dress 
cate blanchett in givenchy couture is my front-runner so far! #oscars
<propfemale> hathaway in a custom lanvin tux and <propfirst> atwood pumps just changed my life   and then <propfirst> franco came out in drag!!
i'm so over guilianna rancic and her overly-tanned self  she stood there in a christian siriano dress and judged <propfemale> welch in valentino?  get the hell out 
my updo just lasted through 8 rounds of boxing  that's pretty legit 
new radiohead  obsessed 
galliano is officially out at dior   such a shame  such a talented couturiere 
"everyone is freaking out over who will replace galliano, but they're forgetting the most part: couture  french law is serious about the definition of couture, so they need someone w  serious couturiere e playful erience  my vote: lacroix "
anxiously awaiting mugler       
a good blowout always fixes an annoying day  i feel all fresh and glossy now!
"love throwing the \out of office with no access to email\"" up  time for miamiiiiii!"""
"80 and <propfemale> and with the love of my life  i'm in miami, bitch!"
26 poses  its everything 
"overheard at the standard miami breakfast table: \i'm really hungry  i'm going to splurge and have a grande latte for breakfast!\"" #fashiongirlproblems"""
"i'm tan and have a glossy new <propfemale> spade clutch  miami, you were good to me "
"itd be cheating to give up gluten for lent, right?"
i'm giving up diet coke for lent  so i'm googling if i can get an iv of mocha latte to <propfemale> around with me 
hearts and prayers out to japan and everyone on the pacific rim!  so terrible and so scary!
"was just named a \2011 style maven to watch!\""  geez!  i feel so honored and so humbled!"""
a top knot and red chiffon for dinner at shang 
"happy birthday to my mommy, <propfemale> mulcahey gorgei!!!  i love you so much!  have a fabulous day, you deserve it!"
on a deadmau5 kick today 
there's investigation to be done   like who's been wearing what with who 
"happy birthday to my favorite spreads engineer and non-stop comic relief at work, <propmale> dobies!!"
those who don't believe in magic will never find it 
omg i just got really excited to do synchronized sweaty hair flips with <propfemale> hiipakka at soul on tuesday!
<propfemale> hiipakka and i already shut  it  down  at soul this morning  what have you done since 6 am?!
wake up and look me in the eyes again  i need to feel your hands upon my face 
"best party accessory: arriving with a fist full of gold, pink, and navy blue balloons from the balloon saloon!"
the cobra the escaped from the bronx zoo is so hot right now  i bet he's phone with publicists while creeping around the city 
the escaped bronx zoo cobra is on twitter and i wait for her saucy tweets with baited breath  best twitter handle since <propfirst> sheen  #cobrasblood p s  hipbox was beyond <propmale> tonight 
i am the swan <propfemale> 
going for a blowout  bringing my laptop with me so i don't lose any  time  so what?
i am the swan <propfemale>  i am the swan <propfemale>  
i was perfect   #swanqueen
electric blue eyeliner 
planning all the items i'm going to put into my birkin   
