10b6f458a0ade4fc2685aede15d4c16e
"well, happy new years!  be safe, everyone "
one little elephant went out to play upon a spider web one day!
i'm going to make some eggs for breakfast!!
have you ever noticed that when you go buy hangers they never have the color you choose last time?
is making pb&j sandwich for <propfemale> 
is going to hike horton's creek!!  (a very pretty hike!)
"went to the tonto creek fish hatchery yesterday with <propfemale>   we feed some fish and then, after our hike, saw some fish being released into the creek "
made homemade ice cream
went to the east verde river with <propfemale> and three other young ladies the same age as <propfemale> 
is probably going to go the tonto natural bridge today with <propfemale> 
it is raining!!!
wow
i am almost done editing the pictures of <propfemale> and will soon work on the pictures of <propfemale> 
"well, off to the river with <propfemale>   unfort my camera's lense cover is on the skits  sad "
<propfemale> is solving a treasure hunt by using ideas she learned in her book 
is almost finished making her curtains for the downstairs   this project has taken too long (although that has been my fault) 
fire works will be set off across the street from my house   i'm afraid of losing my parking spot if i leave!
we had a wonderful 4th   i was very impressed with the fireworks in payson 
"light is sweet,         and it pleases the eyes to see the sun "
"i am home again, home again   (from las vegas, for those of you who didn't know)"
"i now have my work schedule:  1st hour life science, 2nd hour biology, 3rd ecology, 4th prep, 5th life science,6th lunch, 7th and 8th biology   one of these days i will have a schedule that makes sense "
is back to painting   i just now need to move a 30 gallon fish tank so that i can paint behind it   that’s 250 5 lbs of just water!
ate a wonderful picnic lunch in the middle of an arizona river (stream size) sitting on a bit of log   pictures will one day follow (i am so behind in processing pictures!)
it looks like we have found a chemistry teacher for this year (good thing as school resumes next wednesday) 
crossing my fingers that my classroom will be ready for wednesday     when all the kids show up   right now most of my stuff is in the hallway and cannot be moved back in until the floors are waxed and cured   the floors can't be waxed until the sinks are
6 years  smile 
"well, school resumes tomorrow "
i survived the first week!
enjoying my bing cherries (only 3lbs for a dollar!)
making blueberry muffins (from scratch) for breakfast 
busy busy   work work 
back home (what a longggg weekend!) and getting ready to go back to work 
wanna play with play dough??
so tired  <propfirst> too 
getting ready for meetings    
stoped to fix my shoe and saw a very large tarantula a few feet away 
free caffeine in the form of an iced coffee from mcdonalds   i’m buzzed and ready to roll!
saw a huge double rainbow tonight   took a walk and got to see it over the lake!  (no picture)
<propfirst> took me on a lovely date tonight  smile 
walking around the park an agressive goose decides to cross the street and in the process charges a moving vehicle 
had a very long day   i am going to take a shower and relax for a change of pace   thursdays are just too busy 
i love torturing not so innocent kids
"grading papers and concocting new ways to inflict torture for this school week   i’m thinking a week long homework assignment (insert evil laugh)   [note:  truly, this needs to be done – despite what you may think i am not doing this to be mean  ]"
water wheel fire - already burned 150ish acres   started today around 2 surprise 0   small settlments have been evacuated to the high school gym   meanwhile the sky is dark with smoke  
too tired to think
tonight my photo kids pictures will be on display at down the street <propmale> gallery where people can vote on their favorite   they will then be up for the rest of the month 
making bread 
went for a long walk around the lake   it is in the 80's and there i a wonderful cool breeze!  a perfect day (evidenced by the many people having a picnic and enjoying the fine weather) 
i'm going on a hike!
just dropped some prints off at the county fair   i'm excited!
one of my pictures took best in class at the fair!!!!!!
did some dusting and <propmale> a picture above our mantle 
while reading my book last night i came to a passage that mentions <propmale> grey   i look above my book and i can see <propmale> grey's cabin 
was able to work with a g10 and took some pictures in raw   only now to find out that pse6 can't see the raw images from the g10 and there are no plugins or updates to do so   i am stuck converting to jpeg inside of pcasa so that i can even work with my pictures!  how frustrating!
home again   need to edit some pictures tonight 
"watching my photo club students make frames an fake, old cameras for the homecomming parade   woo "
on the way home from church we stopped at an estate sell and bought some very nice rugs for our home   the cat has given her paw of approval 
i just bought some marzipan   i will make a batenburg cake sometime soon as i always find myself wanting batenburg cake when i read <propmale> fforde's books 
"ahh, trying to teach life scince kids how to find the slope of a line     i am happy i do not teach math "
came home yesterday with a sore throat and headache    and still have it  sad 
i found my plant collection!!!  i am going to set up a tripod and digitally catalog my collection 
"rained during the night and there is a nice mix of sky and low, dark clouds outside   took a nice walk around the lake and saw a bird there i haven't seen before - small, white with black around the eyes   they would swoop into the water for small fish like a sea bird   a nice start to our day "
sigh - a hot mug of sweetened tea and a relaxing evening   perhaps i ought to read some 
"well, off to a pot luck!  i made a zesty, lemon, bundt cake!  woo!"
"working on editing pictues   my, what a lot of pictures i have to process!"
setting up a fish tank (at work) for the last three hours   i think we are almost done     i hope 
"leftover quiche for breakfast   hmm, maybe i should get some more "
loves pumpkin fudge!
corduroy pillows -- they're making headlines!  (think about it)
"we got our government money for having bought a house!!!!!!!!!!!  woo, we can now pay down our credit card and maybe even get a dishwasher!!"
the low today on my back porch was 43 degrees   the high today on my back porch has so far been 90 degrees 
"well, i watched the first two episodes of red drawf last night    "
"well, i did it - i've bought a new dishwasher!"
fall break is over   back to work 
i put on my fancy dancing dress and we pushed the furnature against the walls and danced 
<propfirst> used the flashlight to look under the couch for a lost item and all the duty bunnies were e playful osed   i think i need to get the swifter out and dust mop!
wd40 is amazing!!!
both of the furnaces for my classroom decided not to work   my classroom was in the mid fifties today!  burr!
"made a double layer cake with homemade chocolate frosting   you know, the frosting so good you make the cake so that you have something to eat the frosting with "
përshëndetje!
"machynlleth wedi marw  really strong cheese  it'll bring you up in a rash just by looking at it  denser than enriched plutonium, 2grams can season enough macaroni and cheese for 800 men  the smell alone will corrode iron  a concentration in air of only 17parts per million will bring on nausea and unconsciousness within 20 seconds  our chief taster ate a half ounce by accident and was dead to the world for 6hours "
i made an incredible <propfemale> cake for tonight inspired by tiramisu   pictures will have to follow soon 
thursdays are too long 
my <propmale> work is going to be in a gallery!  <propfirst> and i are going out to celebrate!
certain kids put me in a bad mood today 
i am *almost* done christmas shopping   who is left    very few people 
"the tree is up, lights are on, decorations are hanging, and i am now putting gifts under the tree   whew!"
<propfemale> sleepy   time for bed 
just finished framing a bunch of my pictures and they look awesome!  now to take them to the <propmale> gallery  smile 
this is the weekend of the javalina   just thought you would like to know 
going to go to tombstone today with relatives 
going home today 
"what a long day   i think i'll curl up with a book   btw, <propfemale>, i'm on book #3 now   you can come visit me and get your books back soon *wink wink*"
went to a auction and got a crochet <propfemale> sized blanket for $35!
"to all my friends: it seems like <propfirst> and i have moved a lot over the last few years   <propfirst> and i should *fingers crossed* not be moving for a while (as we now own our home)   however, we are not too sure who knows our current mailing address   so, for all who would like to know: 935 w madera payson, az 8551"
the weekend is almost here!!
it's the most wonderful time of the year!
"my classroom started out at 54 degrees and went all the way up to somewhere in the 80's   i'm not sure where it is now, but it is comfortable at least   i can't wait until my heater is working correctly "
guess i ought to make dinner 
mele kalikimaka is the thing to say  on a bright hawaiian christmas day
friday!!!!!!!!
i'm going to flagstaff tomorrow!!
"i'm home!  lake <propfirst> was so pretty   it was frozen over   i'm not too sure how thick the ice was, however, we did see two guys standing on it about five feet or so from the shore "
"i made myself a snowball, as perfect as could be, i thought i'd keep it as a pet, and let it sleep with me  i made it some pajamas, and a pillow for its head, then last night it ran away, but first - it wet the bed! (poet - shel silverstein)"
"it's snowing huge, fat flakes!"
an inch of snow on the ground
we've put the extra leaf into the table and have had all the <propfemale> from the advent calendar except for one   the house smells good   now i need to put the table cloth onto the table 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!
the tree is down   it is always amazing to me that i am able to pack everything away again into about the same amount of space 
spent the evening with family celebrating my great grandmother's 100th birthday!
i got the car unstuck!  the heater repair guy should be by sometime today so our heat will hopefully be back up and working 
"my feet were sore after making dinner (lasagna with homemade french bread), so i have them in hot water   except the water is not longer hot and my toes are like prunes   time to take them out "
home from work and dinner is in the crockpot smelling wonderful!
"<propfemale> is a riot to take out to eat!!  first she eats an anahiem chili on a dare and her antics are very comical   then, for an encore she aproaches a stranger to her (a student of mine) and tells him his plumb-bob is missing "
i got my new book!  i know what i'll be doing during most of my free time  smile 
i can see a bald eagle from my stairway windows!  it's up in a tree accross the street 
saw the bald eagle again today - it swooped down towards the lake presumably after a fish   impressive sight 
this morning i found elk prints under our bedroom window   it seems like we have an abundance of wildlife outside our door 
"\i was wholly imersed within the digestive soup of a yateveo tree   it was all frightfully inconvenient \"""""
"from my upstairs window (that i am trying to clean) i can see 1 bald eagle in a tree and 2 blue herons in a tree   the blue herons are harder to see, though "
made blueberry muffins this morning!
kids have wierd theology:  if 30 percent of the kids in town wear their pj's inside out god will <propmale> us snow   last i checked god does not decide on weather based on what we wear 
"they should've closed school today - but they didn't   they did, however, close it for tomorrow   the lake by our house is flooded and the rain keeps comming down "
"outside the snow is falling      rivers are floodings (and lakes), and mudslides are closing down roads "
"woke up to a winter wonderland   took my camera and went for a walk around the lake (and through the lake in a few spots)   no one else was out so the park was in good shape - no dirty snow   in fact, i even had to cross the street before the snow plow had gotten to it   i was walking in 6 to 12 inches of snow!"
i made a snow angel!
revamping my ecology trips - i'm pumped and full of great ideas for improvement!
walked home from work today   it was nice
check out the <propfemale> tonight!  it will be the biggest <propfemale> for the entire year!!
<propfirst> and i walked to scoops and got some ice cream   yum
eatting fresh blueberry muffins and drinking my white tea   mmm 
go to urbandictionary com and enter your name  post the first entry as your status    beverly: one who is bringing sexy back
"well, i've written a <propmale> for $5,000 worth of equipment for my class   fingers crossed that we can get the money "
had a great morning at the zoo with <propfirst>  love 
<propfirst> and i are about ready to head back up the payson   it has been a relaxing weekend down in mesa 
<propfirst> got me flowers - lillies!  they smell wonderful!
i seem to have a head cold   yuck  (achoo!)
i had some ice cream today!
staying home sick  sad  i think i will refill the humidifier
"well, i'm mostly better   stupid cough still, though "
i have a guest speaker tomorrow for all of my classes   guess who is going to catch up on all of their grading?
"i don't know what to write, but i figured i needed to change my status "
just spilled red juce on my favorite white pants   
"i keep coughing!  but, i see the dr  tomorrow "
sorry about the fish thing that appeared on everyone's wall   i didn't realize it would go everywhere!
new tiers on the car and a new garbage disposal in our sink 
did some more painting today with <propfirst>   he got the hard to get ceiling   i got the some of the hard trim 
"what a long week this has been!  tomorrow i take my kids to the river for a field trip, have two meetings before school, two meetings after school, grades are due, and will spend a few hours writing a <propmale> "
"today's field trip was awesome!  i love the changes i've made to it!  as a bonus, half of my meetings were canceled and i am home earlier than i thought i would be "
what a long day!  i am now down in the valley   i will be attending a conference this week (starting tomorrow morning) 
i got turned around and thought this week is next week   i now find i have a lot of free time on my hands 
monday's are very nice when there is no work  smile 
last night i made pesto chicken   the left over chicken is fantastic in our salad lunch!
"i fell asleep watching the snow last night   i awoke and looked at the window to see a sun drenched snowscape with localized fog over the lake - what a sight!  i grabbed my camera and by the time i had made it halfway around the lake the fog was gone   however, i saw evidence of an army of raccoons in the area - i never realized there were so many until seeing their prints everywhere!"
"so, i've ironed my pants for tomorrow   bet that by the end of my hour and half drive you won't be able to notice "
got back from a photoshop thing in tempe   i won a copy of elements 8!
i won a cps wireless tablet - value of about $300!
don't forget to wear green tomorrow!
in case you were wondering: it is  127115 223 centimeters from my house to my work (my house to my classroom) 
got our taxes done!
"\the internet doesn't weigh anything!\"""""
we had an awesome field trip today!
i love that i now need my sunglasses when i leave for work!
"i had eleven pounds of marijuana in my classroom today      of course, it was for a k9 demonstration "
8 smile 0 pm starts earth hour   people around the globe are turning out all lights for an hour at 8 smile 0 local time   check out the internet for pictures for when it happened in <propfemale> 
"\are you not excessively diverted?\"" -mr  bennet"""
took pictures of desert wildflowers this morning   we also picked up some strawberries for 33 cents a pound!  i'll share the pictures   you'll have to see me if you want some of my strawberries  smile 
happy easter!!!
"i am making salmon for easter dinner   i went to marinade the salmon only to discover that i have no catsup   i figure that's okay, i'll use bbq sauce instead   nope, out of that too   so, i am using tomato paste and some sugar and hoping it all turns out okay   anyway, here is the best salmon marinade: 1 2 c <propfemale> oil 1 4 c soy sauce 3 tbs catsup 2 tbsp vinegar 5 cloves crushed garlic good for 3 lbs slamon"
"roy: \we don't need no education\""  moss: \""yes you do; you've just used a double negative\"""""
another field trip today   it looks like the wind might have died down   fingers crossed that i am right!
i can hear the booms from the cannons across the street from the civil war reenactment 
i got to play around with a g11 today   check out my flickr stream to see the images 
"we went out for pizza and when our pizza arrived i could hear the instructions for which table to deliver it to: \mrs  adams' table\"" not \""table 17\"" as our card indicated """
i caught a frog today  smile 
"we put on a show through netflix instant play and only the music and laugh track loaded   you could see the actors moving their mouth, but no sound came out   and then you would hear the laugh track "
i have tickets for the lady's tea may 8th!!
i am done grading pig labs!!!
last several days up in the upper 70's   today   snow   the weather just can't seem to make up its mind 
making cookies for the first time in a long while 
great day at the river - even if the bus broke down and they had to send a replacement bus   shark dissections are going well too   sun shinny day and i don't have to make dinner because i'm going to the school picnic 
went to the ladie's tea at church - they did a wonderful job putting it together!
"how do you build a mermaid trap?  like a lobster trap, only bigger!"
there is some road construction with one <propfirst> for traffic complete with a pilot car between payson and pine   our bus broke down in the middle of this construction 
"well, i just upgraded to photoshop elements 8   it took a bit to figure out how to get my actions to work and where to put my custum brushes - but i managed!  as a plus, it sees the newer raw images which is good, cause my kids took a bunch of pictures in raw on the new g11 and i was afraid i wouldn't be able to get to their pictures "
"<propmale> adams and i went to buy a grill today   we got it home and it was missing stuff from the tool packet - someone opened the tool packet and removed the clamps   so, we had to return it to the store and get a new grill "
"i am having my life science kids make recycled paper when they finish their big, giant packet   yesterday, my autsistic kid decided that he had enough of actually making the paper and just wanted to help the other kids by blending the old paper in the blender   after my class i doubt he will forget to put the lid on again    paper and water everywhere!  what a mess!"
went for a wonderful evening walk and saw a 9 legged tarantula
grading ecology finals    but i think i'll take a break 
finals start tomorrow!!!!!
"going to go get my paycheck!  this end of the year went much easier than end of the years have ever gone before   so much so, that i didn't even need to go in to work today to finish all those last minute things   what a great start to my summer!"
just made an awesome 6 layer dip!
i've accomplished a lot today   the most noteworth being that i cleaned the floors (including under the couch - you know that area we like to pretend never needs cleaning)   now i am grilling dinner   mmm!
"i now have white freckles from the primer  and unlike paint, it doesn't wash off easily "
my phone (land line) is acting strange     sigh 
"the statistics on sanity are that one out of every four americans is suffering from some form of mental illness  think of your three best friends  if they are okay, then it's you "
well <propmale> adams and i are going to go furniture shopping this week!
we went to ikea today   i should have been scared when i saw they had maps   what an overwhelming e playful erience 
<propfirst> & i just bought a new dinning table!  it should arrive in payson on thursday   we also found a couch we are going to order!
our home phone plays ode to joy when it rings   now we hum the tune all day 
we saw a small snake tonight while walking at the park 
<propfirst> and i just assembled our new couch!
summer time isn't suppose to be this much work    
"went to slide rock today (for my first time)   i enjoyed the slides, however, the water was cold "
i have a headache   took some pain pills   still have a headache   drank a bunch of water   still have the headache   ate some fresh pineapple    headache is receding 
rain soon?
"i was trying to figure out why <propmale> was having trouble eatting his corn on the cob - after all, by the age of 7 you should have some e playful erience with the dish   then i realized that missing your two front teeth could be a problem "
fireworks across the street from my house!
"made two purses tonight   one for me, to see how easy the pattern was, and one with <propfemale>   <propfemale>'s turned out really cute "
"ha, <propfirst> and i are such slave drivers!  <propfemale> is reading for an hour after breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday   when she isn't reading she is working just as hard   we have been drilling her on her times tables   what's more, <propfemale> is enjoying all of the attention, even if she has to put her brain into overdrive!  (for those of your who do not know ahslee is my niece visiting for the week)"
had a tea party with <propfemale> & <propfirst> today
going to <propfemale> garden tonight 
what a lovely morning! <propfemale> and i went for an early morning walk around the lake 
"our evening walk was the best yet, <propfemale> shook every tree trying to get water on her, we caught some baby frogs, and just had fun "
"<propfemale> and i are off to see the sites from the rim   wanted to get an earlier start, but 6 surprise 0 is good enough for me  wink "
took <propfemale> out to the police k9 demo tonight   you would have thought <propfemale> had never seen a dog before with how much delight she took from the event 
the plan is to see toy story 3 in 3d tonight
going to the theater tonight to see <propfirst> and the amazing technicolor dream coat with my family 
is it a bad thing if your car starts to overheat before leaving the driveway?  looks like our car needs to see a doctor 
got my hairs cut  smile 
"well, it looks like i get the late lunch again this year at work   but, thankfully it isn't as late as it was last year, and the entire science department has the same lunch "
what made me think i could make a quick trip to wal mart on a friday afternoon?  every other person heading for the rim for the weekend was there   my trip took at least twice as long as it would normally 
seven years ago i married my sweetheart  love 
i have lost my cell phone  sad 
"for the first day of classes all of the staff were given a bright yellow shirt to wear   and although yellow is not my color i know that as a collective group we are going to look awesome   it is interesting that as an individual it isn't very good on me, but when i am part of a whole nothing would look better   mmm, my thought for the day "
"\how many cups of sugar does it take to get to the moon?\"""""
"i don't know how much rain is falling, but it is a whole lot!  our road is a river, backyard is flooded and it has only been raining for maybe half an hour   we had a storm like this yesterday too that flooded gv park lake   i can only image what today's water will do it!"
saw a turtle at least 12 inches across at green valley lake sunning itself on the bank!
<propfirst> just linked my flickr favorites to the computer's screen saver (the computer that is hooked up to the tv)!!!!!!!!
going to chili's tonight with friends! woo whoo!
the morning light is throwing a shadow of the hummingbird feeders onto the curtain and the cat is trying to pawing at them
a fish miraculously survived the entire summer in a small puddle of water (an inch or two thick) at the bottom of a terrarium without being fed   we didn’t realize it was still in the tank and was just found this morning 
migraine today & yesterday   at least today it is just a dull ache with the help of exedrin 
being a total nerd i realized that by eatting mostly fish <propfirst> and i have switched from a c4 diet (what most americans are on) to a c3 diet   pretty cool 
there is a problem when you can't control the thermastat at all in your classroom (not even on off) and the thing has decided to run both the ac and the heater at the same time   turns out the controls are in another building down the street 
had some good rain and lightning today!
"¡s?ooq??ou q?l ?u?p??? ?u?u??? ??? pu?ds o? ?u?o? ?,?"
"well, i have not only found a gift for kaylen, but have wrapped it nicely too   this is a bit of a feat considering that about 98 percent of my wrapping equipment is christmassy and not suited for a wedding  <propfemale> lotts, i'll be seeing you soon!  i am ready!"
my mother has more friends on fb than i do   maybe i ought to go through the 16 friend requests    maybe   
"wooo, about three weeks of ecology planned out!  a successful evening!"
i have a wedding to attend today!
yesterday a wedding and a double surprise party in <propfemale> vista   today a tea party in mesa   what a busy weekend!
got home to find a note on our door from the water company   all the note says is that we have a leak and that our water has been turned off   with this being a long weekend i don't think we will have water until monday   
i have all my prints ready to drop off tomorrow for this weeks fair   reminder to all entering pictures - they need to be dropped off tomorrow before 6pm!!
"did well in the fair with some first, second, and third prizes   no best of class this year, though "
as i was walking out of bashas there was a stouts <propfirst> parked out front and they were setting up to sell    
two of my prints are missing after the fair (but neither of the missing prints won anything   )  i'm sure they'll turn up as they were both next to each other during display 
curse! duck of doom   you should know better than to pick up a duck in a dungon 
"who needs daytime television when you have real time, small town drama playing out in the papers?"
someone told me the other day that ignorance and apathy were the two biggest problems in <propfemale> today  i told him no i didn't know that and that i really didn't care   (taken from <propfirst>'s <propfemale>)
two days of jackhammers outside my classroom     i can't think straight at the end of the day 
had a wonderful evening at broadway palms   we went and saw church basement ladies - what a hoot!
"<propfirst> and i are going to eat nut crusted fish (homemade, of course   but <propfirst> did most of the cooking) and watch a dr  who on netflicks   sounds like a good way to finish the weekend to me "
"well, i am off to prescott for a few days for a confernece "
"i added pesto (and cheese) to scrambled eggs this morning   mmm, a good combo "
"fireworks are a good silver lining to the motercycle ralley across the street   7 minutes of solid fireworks - a very impressive show (and to think, they are repeating it tomorrow night!)"
<propfirst> got me flowers!
another good field trip finished   next set is to come in mid november   i have a few pictures up on flickr if you want to see them   i'll post more when i get a <propmale> 
the bald eagle is back!
"<propfirst> and i took a fall drive today   we went up to sedona, drove through oak creek canyon, stoped in flagstaff and then drove down lake <propfirst> back home   very pretty fall colors!"
alright - i would like address updates   over the years many of you have moved (or i lost your address during my many moves)   please send me your address!
we have a new resident in our house - a mouse!  out came the poison   our house guest should be checking out soon 
"a tour guide was showing a tourist around washington, d c  the guide pointed out the place where <propfirst> washington supposedly threw a dollar across the potomac river \\that's impossible","\"" said the tourist  \""no one could throw a coin that far!\""\"10b6f458a0ade4fc2685aede15d4c16e,superintendent <propfirst> o’brien is pleased to announce that payson high school science teacher <propfemale> adams was awarded the arizona school boards association <propfemale> <propfemale> runner-up award for the east verde river study project  her nomination was one of 50 from 29 districts that asba received at the grade 9-12 level and was in the top two 
"i thought i was over my head cold, but now i have a cough that won't go away   "
"the christmas tree is now up!!  (and no, i am not too early)"
what was captain hook's name before the crocodile ate his hand?
just sent out a handful of christmas cards   i need to find more addresses before the rest get mailed 
i've been grading all day and am nearing done   i still have much too much stuff to do before tomorrow 
received my <propfemale> <propfemale> award today (it is an actual <propfemale> on a plaque)   we then drove back up to payson in constant rain and drove through several low clouds   now i just need to finish tomorrow and i am on christmas break!!
"so i had decided not to change my profile picture for a while, but then fb changed things up a bit and just had to play with the new layout   so, take a look at my profile <propfemale> to see what i did   it probably won't last too long, but for now it looks pretty spiffy "
"what a nice day   got to sip some hot tea, see the bald eagle (what a delight to see!), took down the christmas decorations, and just relax!"
"i, being the nerd that i am, am writing this statis from my nook "
"there are several inches of snow on the ground   i am glad that we drove up this morning while it was only raining   we had a good trip seeing family, but thankfully, our holiday traveling is over "
we got our car stuck trying to get up the hill to our house     it won't go forward and it won't go backwards even with a lot of pushing  (but it is on the side) 
"i've been putting off signing up for the last class for my sei endorsment, but i did just sign up for it   i look at what books are needed to find that i already own the book   what are the odds of that?"
tangled is a very cute movie  smile 
"despite best efforts, when working with goldfish in the lab there will be fish mortalities   with 70 students this year we only lost one fish during lab time   i looked up from where i was and saw a group of boys clustered around their lab table with their hats over their hearts as they conducted a memorial service "
<propfemale> lotts is visiting me!!
"i just finished designing <propfirst>'s new business cards and i have to say, they look pretty awesome!"
"now that i am finished making <propfirst>'s birthday cake i am reminded why i do not decorate cakes for a living   it really did look spectacular in my mind but in reality the cake looks kind of funny   but, it should taste fine (i hope!) "
"the more i see of the world, the more am i dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense "
research shows that wednesday around 3 in the afteroon is when facebook activity is the highest 
"\top off the tea    it lubricates the grey matter\"""""
"i made homemade mango soda today   it's a bit on the sweet side, but otherwise good "
"if a man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty – japanese proverb"
my wisdom teeth are making an appearance but i don't see the dentist until next week 
we enjoyed a nice day out with family   i also downloaded a new book by one of my favorite authors to read on my nook   with my vacation time here i should have lots of time to read it and to photoshop!
i finished painting the downstairs bathroom    it turned out to be more work than i thought it would be 
there's something wonderful about taking a shower in the middle of the afternoon 
made some amazing chai tea tonight   mmmm
