61e856bc078446c646e856998cb6997d
happy new year peoples! lets all do our parts and make 2011 one of the greatest years ever! the god-emperor demands it!! lol  laugh 
"\we fight for his <propfemale> and in his name! victory for the emperor!\"""""
"last day of summer! wow, time sure dose fly   "
oh well    looks like its time to catch some z's    damn school night!!
and so ends the first day of the new school year    ugg    back to work   
on the way to the second day of school    on a bus thats 30 <propfemale>  behind    fml   
thank god the school day is almost over   
"and so ends another day at school    otherwise know as \educational prison\"""""
sick an tired of the stupid bus being so late    so from now on im driving!!! or at least till i run out of gas   
driving to school today    lets hope this goes well so ill never have to ride the damn bus again   
mental note: 1604 is a bitch at 4:50
well i guess thats it for today    i guess ill catch some z's    peace out world!
am being forced to ride the slow bus today    oh fml!!
i need a lot more practice if im going to be a good rifle guard for color guard    hey molina    help?
i've got till september 4th to become great at being a rifle guard    must work harder!! ps anyone want to <propfemale> this weekend?
well the first weekend of school has arrived    now what do i do   
goin to see <propmale> game with friends    they goin to get wooped!
well the weekend is ofically over and i never did my human geo homework    fml!
"hmm    the color guard closet is better but i still need to do a lot of work    oh well back to the grindstone as they say    whoever \they\"" are   """
finally finished the inventory of the color guard closet    after a little over a week its finally catolouged and organized    just in time for 2morrows football game    ps i heard that our jv team lost to <propmale> 54-6 so i think we gunna lose   
<propfirst> vs <propmale> the game just started and the score is already 13 - 07 for <propmale>    ouch   
only got a three day school week this week!! im so happy to be goin with rotc to the <propfirst> bush library on friday!
"rain, rain go away! i really wanted to drive today   "
i love my new tires! now i can drive much easier   
goin to a&m tommorow with rotc    this is goin to be fun i get to miss a whole day of school!
"\and they will all taste oblivion! which tastes just like red bull    which is disgusting!\"" \",61e856bc078446c646e856998cb6997d,a&m was amazing! i hope i can go to school there!
ugg sunday already? i dont want to go back to school!
family is goin out of town this weekend but im staying home    home alone    what to do what to do   
great    mom's car is broke again and so she steal my car! fml!!!
message to all rotc cadets: uniform day tomorrow!! dont forget guys or sgt  g will be angry!!
turns out im in a physics class that is above my math skills    im so dead   
weekends almost over    i still had so much i wanted to do!!
"dont forget, we have the asvab test, so straight to lgi room "
asvab wasnt so bad    just long winded   
another long day and another one waits for me tomorrow    but i say bring it on cause ive got a bazooka!!
tommorow is pt day    gotta love that physical training! and anyone else going to the football game?
hmm    got all a's and b's so far this six weeks    lets see how long that lasts int the year  xc
alright    this is the last week of the first six weeks but we still got to keep our eyes on the ball    a - b report card here i come!!
tommorows gunna suck    gunna have to sit in the autitorium and listen to the admins drone about how important the sat is to us    like we didnt already have the info pounded into our heads already!
stuck watching some stupid bats fly out from under a bridge downtown    fml
gunna have to play squadron commander tommorow cause both the commander and dep are goin to be at sat prep    someone help me!!!
crap last day of six weeks is tomorrow and im still not done with my dejs    fml!
well the end of the six weeks is over and ive offically got all a's and b's    yay!
"the one thing i cant stand is extreme indecisiveness  i'm not talking about choosing the red shoes over the blue but the important stuff like saying a relationship is \complicated \"" there are times in life you just gotta make a choice for better or worse and just remember that this is all just another \""day in a life\"""""
"mathematical proof that girls are evil:first we state that girls require time & money   \girls = time•money\we've all heard the e playful ression that \time is money\""\",61e856bc078446c646e856998cb6997d,"now leaving to go to arlington,tx  going to meet with some admissions officials at ut arlington about scholarships and and possible admission contracts    wish me luck 'cause i really want to go to this college "
just got to arlignton    man that was a long drive!
getting ready to meet with the college officials about admission    wish me luck!
the meetings at ut arlington went great! i know where im going to school!
sometimes in the course of events life just smacks you in the face    oh well at least i never have to see most people i know now ever again when i eventually go to college    fml!
tomorrow is the start of spirit week    i hate spirit week    i mean whats the point?
apparently tomorrow some of the pretend members of the wolf pack are going to shoot up <propfirst>    hope they try    i could use the entertainment    lol   
best idea ever! the new mascot pet of the tx-782 afjrotc should be a chinchilla named <propmale>! i even found a pet store that has some! who's with me!
tomorrow is the homecoming game vs o'conner    this is going to be interesting   
friday!! hmmm    dont really care what happens    i just want my car back!!!
"people have been complaining about their lives for a while now    so i shall reply with a little story    \once upon a time there was a chicken who thought his day couldn't get any worse  but then the earth e playful loded and everyone died    the end \"" moral of the story: \""it could always be worse \"""""
god i fuckin hate holloween   
"guy posts on fb: i love her so much!\girls post on fb: i love him lots!!!\*next day*\_____________ is now single \\people need to stop using \love\"" so often    their stupidity mames me laugh     laugh """
looks like the gop will take the house! hoorah!!
"and the duck says, 'moo!'\ wait    i think my toy is broken     laugh """
"i look around and see the relationships people get into and wish some of them would stop acting like stupid freshman!! this is highschool  this is not \real\"" life  and when one keeps saying its over the other would get it through their head  people need to make up their minds when it comes to these things  in my book such indiciciveness is the greatest sin of all  (discalmer: no insult was ment to any real freshmen )"""
there are times when it truly pains me to say i told you so    and at times like these i with the poke button was a hug button    xc
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, \where the fuck is my ceiling?\"""""
"\i am not a vegetarian because i love animals; i am a vegetarian because i hate plants \"" - saw this quote and was tempted to actually go veg """
"if love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?"
i think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers!
so long have i watched people and their drama  so far i've done my best to avoid it; and until now i have  but now i find myself wondering if i should give it a try     annoyed 
"\sittin outside chillen with a open fire, good music, and any food i wanted    just need more people and i gots myself a party    but as it is ill just ke"
"\ep chillen     laugh "
hmm    my weekend is already super boaring    (hehe boaring) see im even making siuper lame jokes    so anybody wanna see a movie?
i confess    to nothing! you'll never get me to talk coppers!
dose anyone want to go see a movie later?
moo! i'm a fish!!  laugh 
anyone want to see a movie? anyone at all?
the movie faster was great!! hehehe!
weekend almost over and still got no work done    whatever  ill just sleep on it all    zzzzzzz   
"fuck my life    my body aches, my throat is killing me and i've  got a fever of 101 3 degrees    i hate being sick!"
still sick and lost all my science fair data to a computer crash    not even sure ill be at school long enough to get all my stuff done anyway    no school for me tomorrow cause im still sick   
ugg    still no school for me on wed    goin to the doctors so they can fix me up asap   
not going to school today on docs orders but will be at school by 0730 on friday for color guard and school 
goin to school tomorrow and have only one question    who wants to go to lunch with me? i have fifth block lunch and my car with three seats for passengers    anyone? <propfirst>    navor   ?
so science fair is officially over    so how dose everyone think they did?
ugg    i don't want to go to school tomorrow    on the up side i finished ordering my class ring today and i can't wait!
brawr   
help im freezing here!! if i wanted my thermostat to read 29 degrees i wouldnt live in south texas!!
its sooo cold!!
"sometimes life doesn't work out  and as the ground of your life cracks due to past mistakes, just keep moving forward because if you go back the holes will swallow you up and keep you trapped and unable to see the light of a perfect future  you say you see your mistake and want it all to be better    then hold your head high and walk into a new, better day just don't look back; don't give up; never give in!"
sooo glad its the weekend    going back to the school later so i can watch little one in the fine arts christmas performance and then i have mustang classic tomorrow    this is shapeing up to be a great weekend!  laugh 
brawr! i hate  the week before christmas break! sooooo much homework! xc
"m a r i n e s = my ass rides in navy equipment, sir!"
can't wait for tomorrow! last day of school before christmas and i have some awesome stuff going on after school! will be sad because chief larson is leaving us    its hard to see him go   
had a great time tonight at the movies  only question is where i go from here   
christmas break is going great so far! its good to have my <propmale> back from basic  cant wait to see how the rest of christmas turns out   
"parents are hosting a stupid christmas party for their friends at my house today    i hate this stupid \party\""   """
faith is the begining of disappointment 
<propfemale> christmas! unless you don't recognize christmas    in which case your a terrorist!! note: american christmas has no religious significance and is just about supporting capitalism and trading gifts   
so christmas is over untill next year    did everyone get what they wanted?
"\waaaaaagh!\"""""
ugg at home sick as a dog    fucking flu! and i have a job interview on friday on top of that! fml!
ugg still sick    got meds to take so hopefully ill be good for my interview on friday   
ugg more math tomorrow and got to turn in the last of my missing work from my sick week    cant wait for thursday though its gunna be great!
tired so im going to hit the sack early    half day tomorrow so cant wait to be able to chill with my little one but tests are sooooo stressful!
ugg    another week of school starts    i just want summer to be here already!!
uniform day!
arrived at school at 630 got all my color guard stuff together and am now on a bus to a performance and school hasnt even started yet    *yawn*
an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded 
im not interested in killing myself  so northside can go fuck themselves im stayin home!
"hot chocolate - $2\ice scrapper for car - $17\playing in the snow in san <propfirst> - priceless\praise be to the god-emperor, beloved by all, for this gift!"
well the weather sucks but school is in    oh well at least i got my package from <propmale> mail 
orientation for work at seaworld was interesting    itll be nice to finally be earning a wage 
hmm    wasn't planning on having to work sunday but it turns out my weekend is booked full    oh well at least i get paid 
"hmm and so another six weeks ends    only 12 more weeks till senior year    \f u c k!"
yawn    worked both today and yesterday    i am <propfemale> tired    but the money is nice   
wow look at all the likes i liked    i was sooo bored!  laugh 
"if i sleep to much, my parents complain  if i don’t get enough sleep, my parents complain  if i eat too much, my parents complain  if i don’t eat enough, my parents complain  if i’m always in my room, my parents complain  if i go out too much, my parents complain  i can’t win!"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i can comment on yours as well    be a good sport and play along    4 words are harder than you think !!!"
got my class ring today! movies friday! spring break next week! im as happy as a clam!
19hrs  46min 51sec  till military ball 2011 starts!
military ball last night was probably one of the best yet  and work today was a piece of cake  bring it on monday! i ready for u!
"i did a little research and it turns out its not the \kingdom of heaven\"" anymore    the american servicemen and woman who died decided to spread freedom and democracy to the afterlife     its now call the \""republic of heaven\""  laugh  \",61e856bc078446c646e856998cb6997d,today my mom told me to clean the kitchen with an electric broom  i will never call it a vacuum cleaner again 
"today, i decided to get in on the google vs  yahoo debate  i typed, \am i the only one who\"" and yahoo gave me \""am i the only one who feels this way?\"" google gave me \""am i the only one who's curious about the pineapple?\"" google never fails """
i was walking down the hallway next to a class of 5th graders being led by a substitute teacher  the teacher yelled at me and told me to get back in line  i am 17 
weekend looks promising  going to see a hockey game at the at&t center in a luxury box  then chill sat  with work sun 
