458fb30dd6fa06b183dc83de7fbd074c
textitt smile 
whoa its sad that i think this is waking up early smile 
gonna see a movie later smile  text it smile 
"whoah im moving): hah its just like a mile away, by the movie theater thoughh, so its alllrightt smile  text me?"
"gotta go to bed,,, text me smile "
mkay goodnight smile 
gonna go to moms housee laterrr  textt me smile 
in wyominggg  gonna see fireworks laterr smile 
is in <propmale> wyomingg  pretty boringg  text it smile 
in denver smile  gonna go shopping today  text smile 
gonna make something to eat smile  text me later smile  cant go back on facebook for a whileee 
gonna go to subway later smile  text smile 
"was at breannas all weekendd,, gonna go boating tomorrow smile "
dreaming about the day you wake up and find that what your looking for has been here the whole time  if you could see that im the one who understands you    been here all along so why can't you see    you belong with me smile 
going tubing tomorrow smile  lost my phone):
dads house smile  text me smile 
gonna babysit tomorrow smile 
whoah im finally going to bed  babysitting in morning smile  text me smile 
babysat all dayy  i swear they are the cutest kids smile 
gonna <propfemale> with tierney today( smile  goinnn to the movies?
"gonna take a showerrr,,, then tierneys coming overr smile  text smile "
ahh im tiredd  gonna go swimming tomorrow smile  text itt smile 
stopped raining smile  might go swimming? textt smile 
hanginn with erin smile 
jumpinnn on the trampolineeee( smile  hahh hangingg withh erin smile  textt it smile 
going to the mall of americaa( smile  texttt?
tiredd  time for bed smile 
uptown <propmale> fair with kelli smile  text smile 
ice cream smile  hahah text?
think imma go tanninggg  its sunnny for oncee smile  textt smile 
 smile  gonna go to bed soon  textt it smile 
"now i know why,,, the trees change in the fall  i know you were on my side,, even when i was wrong  and i love you for giving me your eyes  and standing back and watching me shine  and i didn't know if you knew, so im takin this <propmale> to say,,, i had the best day,,, with you,,, today smile "
going to breannaaas smile  then orientationn  textt smile 
finally 14( smile  going to my grandmas house later and then with my sisterr somewhere  she wont tell me  hahah textt smile 
"nothinn to do,, so you better text me( smile "
"i can't help it if you look like an angel,, can't help it if i wanna kiss you in the rain so,, come feel this magic i've been feeling since i met you,, can't help if there's no one else,, mm i can't help myself smile "
going to my cousins eagle scout ceromonyy  then famous daves smile 
goinggg shoppinggg smile  then sleeping over at breannas housee smile 
might sleep over at breannas? text( smile 
might still go to kickoff? hahah text me smile 
<propfirst> and <propfemale> sleeping overr smile  text me( smile 
"<propfemale> and <propfirst> just leftt, gonna take a shower and thenn get ready for valleyfairrrr smile  text me smile "
tierneys overr smile  might go to the parkk? textt smile 
loves her big sister  smile 
new picturess smile  textt me smile 
going to my moms smile  banana cake smile  might <propfemale> out with tierney tomorroww? textt smile 
"gonna go to the mall for a bit after matthews hockey game,, southdalee! smile  textt me smile "
"high school tomorrow,,, i can't believe summers overrr  but i still don't know my lunch hour?! i hate the portal):"
"wowww, just found out im lunch a?!?"
"i can't believe summer is overr! another first day of school,,,  smile  or ):? both? waking up at five is gonna suck!"
"school was fine,, tiredd! i seriously dont wanna wake up again early tomorrow!"
"woww, i forgot how tired school makes me  ughh  well no homework todayy smile  but i lost my phone today, and then got it backk  long story shortt, textt mee smile "
should i be embarrassed that ive listened to party in the usa by miley <propmale> like 50 times this week?!?
home from school  south is so much better than mcguireeee smile 
goingg to my moms smile  texttt me! smile 
loves her big sister <propfemale>  love 
"hanging with tierneyy smile  <propfemale> just left, we got all our fringes for our pants cutttt smile "
<propfirst> and tierney are overrr smile  just watched the <propfemale> montana movie( smile 
"tierney, who sings that song? yeah lets keep it that wayy smile "
"wants to do somethingg! i wish the weekend was longerrr, don't wanna go back to schoollll tomorroww!"
"gonna eat dinnerrr, take a showerrr, go to bedd, then schooll smile  texttt itt smile "
just got new colors for my bracesss smile 
"homeee,, kinda pissedd offf,, but ohh well  were better offf( smile "
gonna go shoppingg smile  texttt me smile 
could <propfirst> swift be any more amazing?! i swear you belong with me is the best music video everrr smile 
"your beautiful, everyy little peice hunn  & don't you know, your really gonna be someonee  askk anyonee smile "
i want it to be summer so baddd! winterr lasts waaaay too longg!  annoyed \
finals  awesome 
going to brainerd for the weekend for <propfirst>'s hockey tournament   i have a feeling this weekend is gonna succkkkkkkkk !
happy easter!  smile 
"nighht, see you next year spring breakk!"
i love thunder and lightning  smile  mcas tomorrow    ):
"never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise  no, i don't either  "
effff  i hate my phone 
"pheobe  that's, p, as in <propfemale>, h, as in heobe, o as in oebe, e, as in ebe, b, as in <propfemale>, and e as in    ello there mate "
"if i had a gun with two bullets, & i was in a room with hitler, bin laden, & <propfirst>, i would shoot <propfirst> twice "
"look at me, i'm chandler! could i be wearing any more clothes?"
it's such a nice day  smile 
god my brothers an idiot 
listening to <propfirst> swifts new single  smile  pretty sure i'm gonna love speak now  can't wait till october  smile 
watching the crazies    smile 
"ew, your hair is almost as greasy as your face "
just know i'm right here hoping   that you come in with the rain 
i think my birthdays my favorite day of the year  smile 
cheesecake factory for dinner  smile 
"just drove past my old house in edina  so cute, makes me miss living in a city that doesn't suck "
why do little kids keep adding me?
what part of shorn't don't you understand?
woww you're annoying 
watchingg <propfemale> in wonderland  smile  texttt 
"holy fuck, there's a kids bop version of tik tok  just because you change tipsy to silly doesn't make that an ohkay song for children   some people are so fucking stupid "
was at the edina pool  smile 
"just look at the world around you, right here on the ocean floor  such wonderful things surround you, what more is you looking for?"
loves pocket dialing people & leaving 40 minute voicemails 
at the minnesota state fair   smile 
just got home from the fair   my legs hurt so bad!
at the fair  smile 
9 11   i can't believe its been 9 years  rip 
"oh my god, <propfemale>   look at her butt  it's so big  she looks like one of those rap guys girlfriends  but you know, who understands those rap guys? they only talk to her cuz she looks like a total prostitute  i mean, her butt is just so big! i can't believe it's so round, it's like, out there! i mean   gross! she's just so   black!"
i love when it rainss  smile 
babysittingg  smile 
watching the <propfirst> movie   worst thing i've ever seen  ever  i'd rather watch that sad puppies commercial than this 
easy a is such a good movie!  smile 
i am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion 
"sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know, or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go  oh, they didn't teach you that in prep school, so it's up to me  but no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity "
