c21fdcda22e46da5def53dd6be04719f
happy new year everyone!!
got to clean house   do homework    and spend time with maddison <propfemale>   i can't wait till this weekend    family reunion and time with the husband    i feel so lonely   like theres a emptiness thats not bein filled in my life  i miss my love  
"enjoyed a weekend in frankfort, ky"
watchin longest yard  chiilin with tion and <propfirst>    i need to clean my house   maddison is on the verge of trying to crawl   
hates when pop up blockers don't block pop ups!!
doing laundry at 6 in the morning sucks!!
happy halloween everybody!! hope everyone is safe!!
i want the money  money and the cars   cars and the clothes     i suppose    i just wanna be i just wanna be successful
bed naptime  smile 
hopes to see the light at the end of the tunnel soon!!
is finally seeing some positives   got a new car today   <propfemale> freakin excited  
this use to be a fun house but now its full of evil clowns     its time to start the countdown im gonna burn it down down down  
happy thanksgiving to all!!
watched the new twilight and i'm pissed    what the heck    i hope the next one is better!!
just wants to skip to the day when i can be good enough and people just accept me for me but in all honesty those people probably won't even matter then   all that matters is that i have the love of my life and my precious angel by my side!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!
just wants to watch one tree hill season 3!! i can't find it anywhere in stores and it took me an hour to find the 1st episode online!! i have seasons 1 2 4 5 6 but no 3 and i can't just jump to 4 without watching 3!!
goodnight all!
at what point in life does your body decide that it doesn't want to be ocd anymore that it wants to transition to a couch potato??
i feel better than i have in a long time!! have a good <propfirst>'s day weekend everyone!
im so proud of myself i have cooked dinner almost every night this week    and my house is spotless!!!
so im going to bed facebook    and for all my friends that are believers please pray for my family because we just lost a loved one and also <propfirst> because he has to  get surgery on his hand on wednesday  
"<propfirst>'s surgery in the morning   clean, sower, sleep  "
2day's the 1st day that i've been truely & unconditionally happy in a long time! i have a wonderful husband & gorgeous daughter! i've forgiven all the ppl i've been angry at  i have no anger in my heart nemore  my house is spotless! my conscience is clean  saturday w  my fmly & best frann! bills r paid  now i'm hngry  thank u god for blessing me w  so many wonderful people & all the things i need 
i will not allow you to break me down!! i am happy and you cannot change that with your words! what happened in the past happened in the past and if you chose not to say something then why did you wait till now??
allergies are kickin my a$$!! why does warm weather have to come with polyn and dust?? arg!! <propfirst>' first day back to work since his hand injury and mom's bringin me taco <propfemale>!! then probably medicine and pass out!!
"sick and tired of being sick and tired!! watchin tv, feedin maddison, eatin some ice cream   shower    then beddy bye!!"
double chocolate chip ice cream yummm!!
is in ky!! visiting  
is happy she got to see all of her lovely ladies even if it wasn't for that long!!! goling to have a big talk with the husband about moving back!!!
left my phone charger in ky!! thats 2 in the last month!! getting impatient  trying to figure out everything i need to know about the military!! hopefully they can give me what i want!! everything was starting to fall in to place now i wonder if its even goin to happen
going to frankfort on thursday!! <propfirst> and i are going to talk to a recruiter!! he will be in the service and i will be in kentucky before we know it!!
"don't kno much bout politics but what i do kno is that ever since i've been alive it seems like noone is ever happy w  who's in office   <propmale> <propmale> (cheated on his wife) <propfirst> bush (just absolutely horrible and caused bad gas prices) barrack obama (this medical <propmale> thing) well atleast it gives ppl a reason to complain!  smile  me personally, i dont care if noone is ever happy with whos in office why even get involved?"
"smoke a cig, clean house, talk to <propfirst> on lunch, shower, sleep!! up in the morning to be intertained by a recruiter that tells <propfirst> he can be booted up to a e3!!"
&hearts;
bedtime with the hubby hopefully this week ends up getting better  sad 
"<--- is a cook, a housekeeper, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handy man, a maid, security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday, sick pay, or a day off, i work through the day and some of the night, i am under paid and over worked now tell me that your job is harder then mine  repost this if you're a mommy  i ? it!"
cannot wait till wednesday!! <propfirst> takes his asvab tmrw and his physical on wednesday! if everything works out he'll swear in after his physical! then we find out when he goes to basic!! then goin to ohio and gettin rid of some sruf and packin up to come back to ky
happy easter!! church in the am!! easter egg huntin for the babies @ mammaw's tmrw! it should be a great day!!
had a wonderful easter!! didn't end up goin to church but did get to see family!! maddison got lots of easter so she should be good as far as spring outfits!! me and <propfirst> got lots of <propfemale> and ended up taken the desert home!! maddison's nappin! now just relaxin and gettin fatter on <propfemale>!! happy easter everyone!!~~
its my anniversary!!  smile )))
i'm so excited!! shower   get ready    then who knows  maybe dinner and a movie   this is such a good day for me smile  maddison is at mom's and we have the house all to ourselves!!
"had a very great night, though its still not over     we seen \why did i get married too\"" and went to  smokey bones!! the movie is a tear jerker so if you want to see it then prepare yourself!! i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> kazanjian!! and i look forward to the next 99 anniversaries that we share together   """
spending tonight with the husband and best friend!! gotta straighten up the house   shower and get ready then who knows!!
bedtime     smile )
today is going to be a great day!!!  smile )))
my internet is screwed up and i hate lookin at my <propfemale> on this <propfemale> screen just to let everyone know
goodnight fb 
maddisons 1st birthday party is sunday june 6th  if interested let me know and ill give further details  it's kinda a big deal!
happy almost birthday maddison <propfemale>!!! i love youu <propfemale>!!!! going to bed   
car company has called my phone twice today!! its supposed to be getting paid   hope i don't have to resort to other measures   work tonight 5-8 smile 0!! sure hope my soon to be ex has fun in south lebanon today!!  smile 
i love you!! there is nothing that you can say to stop it!! i won't give up i'm a lover and a      fighter and i'll never stop fighting for who or what i love   god is on my side and he always wins!! you will realize one day that my love is for forever no matter the mistakes i make on the way to the destination of forever!
me and the baby are going to try out a new church in the morning!! god is going to see me through everything   i'm very interested to see how and who he will mold me to be   my life is in his hands and only he can change me   goodnight everyone!!  smile 
"is sittin around listenin to sad songs, feelin sorry for myself, and sulkin in self caused misery    i really need to read my bible and talk to god bc only he can change this   i think i'm havin a relapse   i just need to concentrate on me and maddison but its so hard when i'm doin this all by myself  "
gettin ready to do a little bit of cleanin!! hopefully talk to my father in law and work tmrw!!  smile 
bout to pack for my road trip to ohio!! be there tomorrow after work and come back monday before work!! probably wont get any sleep tonight!! very excited  smile 
whats done is done!! keep the past in the past and grow up!! you can never get anywhere if you're always lookin in the rearview mirror!! if i can let it go then so can you!! you made mistakes just like i did and now you want to jutify them    stop tryin to play god with the judgement bs!!
had a good weekend   work in the am goodnight fb   smile 
nap time!! i'm so over this week!!  sad 
had a wonderful weekend with the fam   heading back to ky  happy labor day everyone and be careful!!
work 12-4    off tmrw!!  smile ))
"a whole new world, a dazzling place i never knew!  smile "
going to bed   spendin the day with my beautiful daughter and her grandfather tmrw!!  smile 
off work! now takin a nap  smile 
feels like blah!! good thig my sissy cakes is with me!! i love you shawndrielle chambers !!  smile 
goin for a ride to collect my thoughts! stress and anxiety are getting the best of me today!!
"cannot wait 'till friday   goin to get maddison \belle belle\"" and spendin' the weekend with her!! she gets to see her auntie <propfemale> <propfirst> cox at dal's birthday party  smile  maybe seein' the most beautiful girl in the friggin universe will make me feel true happiness again!"""
just a small town girl   livin' in a lonely world    she took the midnight train goin' anywhere!!
"mtn dew, pack of cigarettes and music to keep me energized for laundry, packin, cleanin the house and calmin' my nerves!! work 12-8 smile 0 tmrw then road trip to ohio to get maddison <propfemale>! hopefully pay off old renters, car payment, and find <propfemale> <propfemale> a costume on friday   go to see brit and dal for dal's birthday on saturday   takin maddison back on sunday then back to work on monday!  smile "
"just when you think, you've got me figured out, the season's already changin'!  smile "
i like it on the kitchen table  smile 
"bed time, early day tmrw, i get to see my munchkin (=   takin momma out for lunch, get maddison's birth certificate, makin a trip to verizon to pay them off, along with some other things  not happy about all the runnin around but it'll pay off when i'll be in my own apartment soon! super excited! i miss livin on my own! ahhh, the joys of life! goodnight facebook  have a wonderful weekend everybody!!  smile "
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me crazy at times  moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend   forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether she's here with you or in heaven   i love my momma!!!"
"ok, so    its bed time finally!! i'm gonna go snuggle up with my most favorite cuddle <propmale> in the world smile  i'm so happy that i get to spend the weekend with my baby   i missed her sooo much    goodnight everyone and have a safe weekend!!!"
maddison and i just got outa bed   woke up to good morning kisses  smile ! time for breakfast and gettin us ready for the day! have a great dayyyy everyone   i know i'm goin to  smile )
bout to get everything ready to go then hit the road to take my precious angel back to her nanna's!  sad 
"see, when i get the strength to leave, you always tell me that you need me, and i'm weak 'cause i believe you, and i'm mad because i love you, so i stop and think that maybe you could learn to 'preciate me, then it all remains the same that you ain't never gonna change  never gonna change  never gonna change!!"
"just got all of my stuf out of my car   at dad's 'till wednesday, then movin' into my apartment on wednesday!!  smile  super excited (= work everyday 'till movin day! it's gonna be one eventful week  pray for me lol   but really  wink "
"long day at work, home now, work tmrw    need to do laundry and unpack!!"
excited about takin maddison trick or treating tomorrow   and my new bed  smile 
at dad's   suppose to be booking a plane ticket for <propfirst>    ahhhh i'm such a procratinator!! getting over the flu    maddison is with mom till thanksgiving    work tomorrow   its such a blah weekend  sad 
just got maddison down    now cigarette break and preparin for tmrw    up early in the mornin to see <propfirst> graduate basic    then hopefullt back to my home   my nerves got the best of me  annoyed 
cannot sleep!! disappointment and my headache are taking over my body! i just want to sleep and not have to answer any questions today    why do things always have to go bad at christmas time??  sad 
wants peace  drama seems to be a popular subject here recently  i think i want to move to a deserted island where noone knows my business 
why have i stayed with someone i have grown to hate? comfort and financial stability is the answer folks  im so tired of bein disrespected and walked all over  i give up  im tired of bein the only one that does anything around here!
i miss sleepin in my bed and havin six pillows to myself instead of havin four and splittin them so im only sleepin with 2 pillows  ugh  this makes me very uncomfortable and upset  goin to sleep on my 2 stupid pillows  good night everyone 
im so tired of always waking up from a nightmare 
wants to move somewhere far far away with maddison 
had a good night out  off to bed  work 11 to 5  good night smile 
had a super great day at work today  came home and was still in a good mood for a few minutes  then negative <propfemale> rained on my parade 
blue <propfemale> banana split ice cream is definately the best smile  all a girl needs to solve all of her problems is a bowl of her favorite ice cream 
has no more guilty conscience   
is 13 weeks pregnant today!  smile 
i wish my toe nails were painted so i could wear flip flops today 
is really procrastinating cleanin the apartment    but it really needs to get done 
misses her momma  sad 
hates when people refuse to let me sleep and do everything to wake me up and keep me up  really? do you have to make that much noise 
today turned out better than e playful ected smile  talked to an old friend    made pasta and cake  and gettin ready to watch a movie  work tomorrow 
morning sickness    i hate you!! i should have never rolled outa bed but i was so thirsty and i had to pee  sad  k back to bed for me smile 
14 weeks today!  smile 
grilled cheese and tomato soup? i think so!  smile 
sex and the city movie night smile 
happy the easter <propfemale> paid for my phone to stay on smile  cant wait for tomorrow    i get paid!  smile 
i keep goin in circles circles round and round and why you're doin me so wrong i just keep holdin you down  i feel so stupid foolish lovin you this way but what can i say   
i try to say goodbye and i choke    try to walk away and i stumble 
"at home w  no phone, no car, no cigarettes, no cable and barely any internet signal   and i have no clue where <propfirst> is     fml!!!"
tonight is turnin out way better than e playful ected    catchin up on my one tree hill episodes online!  smile 
callin it a night     or morning whatever     hopin sweet dreams come my way smile 
if its not one thing its another    as if life couldn't get any more complicated    <propfirst> gets deployed in june 
got absolutely no cleanin done today! but i did get to see my mommy smile  and get all of my boxes that have been stored for almost a year! so much to do on friday  work tomorrow  my socks cut circulation out of my feet today sad 
is really happy that she got to see some of her favorites today smile 
your drug is a heart breaker    my love is a life taker!
when i sleep i have nightmares    when i wake up i have nightmares  i think i need a shrink 
some people are so ridiculous  you bend over backwards to do for people and they just stick a knife in your back  im so glad that i have a husband that loves me through thick and thin 
is in an alanis morisette and <propfirst> tritt kinda mood 
"you're a heart breaker, dream maker, love taker  don't you mess around with me!  smile "
i don't want no scrub!  wink 
got military id today  got 2 new one tree hill seasons and groceries! got internet  cooked dinner and im 16 weeks pregnant today  work at 7 am  smile 
i cannot believe i am up this early! inventory at work then hopefully back home for a nice nap then back to work  boo 
i'm gettin really tired of everything workin against me!!! fml!! can't find a dr  that will see me and apparently <propfirst>'s insurance is not activated!!! ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm officially in a bad mood!
"i so just want to lay around all day! but, i have to work sad "
has a wonderful husband that goes to the grocery store when i am craving something and gets what i ask for so i can whip something up and be satisfied smile 
"hi, my name is <propfemale> and i'm a choco-holic!!  wink "
goin to cuddle with my baby girl and my man  smile  happiest girl in the world tonight~~ ily jmlk!!
