245898cc1297eb872422593aa9e92d42
twitter doesn't like me!
sorry about the hacking guys  i never even saw it  i never clicked on anything  they're getting better 
who's going to college night?
roller coaster is done and at school  we show 'em off next period! video after the break!
taco <propfemale>  don't say anything <propfirst> 
tiger  the cheetah 
"well, there's a taks test tomorrow  english  i know some people that are worried, and i know some people that are going to pass without a problem  let's all pray that they all do well  i'm out  night "
free skittles!
"i killed a man in reno, just to watch him die "
i love it when people volunteer me when i really don't want to do it 
why do people look away from you when you look at them? all i want to do is wave 
our laptops are being taken up on may 12-13 
party at my house!
i hate it when people stare at you and they think that you can't see them and you won't notice it 
with @<propfirst> garcia watching youtube videos  <propfirst> the unicorn is getting his vengence 
"so i have a little vietnamese woman calling me internationaly  and she keeps calling, and i don't know what to tell her   "
i love riding the bus in the morning  everyone is so social 
it's just gorgeous out 
i hate my phone 
wow  i haven't even been home yet 
stuck in traffic on west  painfully slow 
got a blackberry curve 
church  running the camera 
"if you will excuse me, i'm off to go through one of the <propmale> perks (sarcasm) of the texas education system  -c  rumscheidt"
facebook isn't letting me sleep  my ipod keeps lighting up with notifications every time i almost fall asleep     laugh 
first post from an ipad 
how do you deal with something that is seemingly impossible to change?
just watched avatar in hd  wow 
i love cell phones  even if they do give me cancer 
i need a pair of apple headphones  anyone want to donate trade?
"in every job that must be done, there is an element of fun  you find the fun and snap!, the job's a game  - <propmale> connick jr "
had dinner with el presidente de los estados unidos mexicanos 
dinner with the president  the secret service swarms like flies these days   
made a starbucks run this morning with a friend  does this mean i'm going to have coffee breath?
on a 19 acre ranch in a steel home surrounded by machine guns  yeah  i feel very safe 
"home after driving an hour and a half  won the contest by forty points  people congratulating you left and right feels pretty good, ya know?"
first day back at the hangar  i'm just overjoyed 
my phone isn't working here  i'm on my ipod and sending this through wi-fi  we're sitting in the exact same terminal as we did when we left two years ago  our flight is delayed to 4:50 because they're fixing something in the plane  boarding is starting in 10 minutes and we're all flying business first class!
"we're here! i'm in the lobby of a old soviet hotel (erkel), and there's no ac  anywhere  and it's hot  the bad thing is that we don't have our airplane  we have all three of our suitcases, our toolbox, and the airplane that fits in the suitcase, but our main airplane is still somewhere in the system, and we have no idea where the heck it is "
"if anyone wants to text me, use 281-301-5713  i can receive only texts through that number "
"so the opening ceremony was tonight, and 36 countries gathered at the airport and they had a full airshow organized  official practice is tomorrow "
"and we got our main airplane, finally! but we're so deep and practiced into the backup, and because it's flying so well now, we're going to go with the backup airplane, the yellow one "
"well, it's 12:15 in the morning here, and we've got a long day ahead tomorrow  we're going to stay in budapest for 4 days, and go to vienna sometime in there  then after that, two days in pot smoking amsterdam  i'll see ya on my birthday!"
i'm not racist  i'd hug a black man right now if they didn't jump so high or run so fast 
there's nothing on facebook worth liking right now 
a tribute to bernanke and africa  mostly bernanke  how long have i been saying it now? here comes $8 <propfemale>! http annoyed  twitpic com 43fyzy
tis' pirate jabber that be on me facebook be so strong that ye can barely read thee 
what's with all the break ups recently?
i think the little pop that you get out of <propfemale> iphone speakers when it tries the bass is hilarious 
