3be4105730ba92ec9fd15575ed906e6f
"waiting in the hopsital with my dad  he was having chect \discomfort\"" so we are awaiting tests   """
"dad is doing well   he is home  today i am in the hospital with my mother-in-law in washington, <propfemale> having some tests done "
"is thinking   goodness, how can a headache be this unbearable?"
is finishing my last paper for my degree   woo-hoo!
i will be taking a class for the entire week  i will have my phone off when in class  trying to learn more      smile 
has officially completed her master of arts degree in technology in learning and teaching   and also has a 4 0!!!  woo-hoo!
is passing this along  facebook has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on settings up at the top where you see the log out link  select privacy  then select newsfeeds and wall  next select the t
is packing to leave for disney world!!!!!!!!!  i can hardly believe the time has come  hold on to your ears <propfirst>!  here we go!
is sick!  cannot believe that i have been sick since i returned from vacation   ugh! going to the doctor tomorrow   double ugh!
went to the doctor and was told i have an upper respiratory infection (uri)  so i paid a doctor to tell me i have a really bad cold   isn't that awesome???
is still recovering from a uri  should i still be coughing after 10 days???
someone   please tell me it will be okay?  stressful day is over   finally!
happy birthday <propfirst> appleseed!
is having a rough few weeks   
spending time at the mattern house   
had a difficult day at school   
is at <propfemale> memorial hospital with daddy getting tests ran for him 
is ready for a great day!
went to wedgewood and was told i have h1n1   got some meds   home for 2 days  ugh!
is feeling a little better   smile 
taking tamiflu and and z-pack  is it strange that i am very very hungry? i am eating everything in sight!
is not feeling the christmas spirit! past few weeks have been really tough! dad starts radiation this week too! prayers are much appreciated   
is feeling quite crappy! strept throat stinks! at least it is concert week    then the stress level will go down a bit 
is feeling yucky   coughing now   can i please feel better??? at least the school concert rocked last night!  woo-hoo!!!
is waiting for snow!!!
had to be scared awake by <propfirst> yelling   come help!  i got to drive the car   but didn't make it up headlee  oh well    the neighbors will see the tire marks  smile 
thinks snow days are precious gifts from god!  god rox!!!
is thinking it is time for a movie before i wrap the presents!!!
is connecting by using the wii on the tv  sooooooooo cool
is thrilled to share that monongalia county schools have a 2 hr delay tomorrow!!! woo-hoo!
"is thrilled because monongalia county schools are closed for wednesday, january 6, 2010  ahhhhh   music to my ears! sweet, sweet, relaxing music   i will not be going out because the roads are yucky! be careful!"
is curious what you think of this pic   so what do you think???
needs some love!
is having several of the worst days of my entire life! i really wish i were exaggerating   but i'm not!
thinks being married can be really hard! let's just say that there are issues! yikes!
is                                     
okay    okay    okay    i must admit it    i love snow days!!!
"yesterday, over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in california  another 17,000 in illinois  in honor of all teachers, copy this into your facebook status  we are willing to post colors of our underwear, and places we were born  let's honor those who have made an impact in all of our lives! in the comments name a teacher who has impacted you "
is separated from her husband  living with mom and dad  so   what do you think about that?
thanks god for the love and support of family and friends! i love you all!
"is having a stinky night! lonely, sad and crying  don't really feel like talking  just so sad "
is having a better day today  hope tomorrow rocks! love when u all send me love!   smile  thanks!!!
you tube http annoyed  0x50 0x4a 0x85 0x95 criminal_vids 
yep    looks like i have been hacked!  don't ever go to an email like this!!! it is a virus!
thinks that a lot of people don't realize that website links are being sent from their facebook page   it is a virus!!! hey   shouldn't my mcafee detect the virus or at the very least the windows defender??? they have both ran and said there are no infections or problems  what do i do next???
thinks i should tell everyone that i will have no phone beginning tomorrow  if the <propmale> cannot be paid   i will not have service  email me if you need me!
is contemplating   about things getting better 
is sleepy!!!!!!!!!
is praying   because i need to pray  join with me if you can!
yep! i love my friends!!!  no doubt about it   my friends rock!
"cannot believe how a few deep, slow breathes can instantly change your overall outlook! try it!!!   smile   you'll like it!"
thinks the weather was pretty today!
is having fun with friends!
"please rate me   1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=fun, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=trouble, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=sweet 15=amazing, 16=cute, 17=psycho, 18=easy on the eyes 19=i    love you, 20=gorgeous 21=thoughtful, 22=cool"
the beach is beautiful!   wish u were here!!!
has a headache    ugh  the congestion in my chest is killing me   feel pretty crappy!
posted some pictures from the obx 2010 trip!
is now officially divorced  i have my maiden name  it has been a long road  the future looks bright!   smile 
is now officially divorced  i have my maiden name  it has been a long road  the future looks bright!  smile 
thinks that life is pretty crazy  if you close your eyes    you could miss it!
is happy and content!  smile   smile   it makes your face look pleasant!
just spent some time with the wvu band at band camp   seeing some wonderfully incredible people brought back some awesome memories!  hope i can connect with many of them soon!!!   smile 
is feeling quite sad tonight   you know there are days when you feel good and days when you feel bad   tonight is one of those   crying   sad   lonely nights 
is comforted to know that so many people love me and care about me!  love you all!
"would like to send you each a virtual hug   can u feel me squeezing u?\ smile    smile    smile    smile    smile "
gets to start in her new classroom today!  woohoo!!!!  super exciting!!!
i like it in the chair!!!   smile 
thinks that the world is a beautiful place with lots of amazing people!
thinks that the world is a beautiful place with lots of amazing people!  comment and tell me one positive thing that happened to you this week!
what marching band section do you belong in? - my result: drum <propmale> http annoyed  bit ly dwqhok
thinks it has been a good weekend   so why am i so sad???
thinks u should share a mountaineers story!!!  come on   i know you want to!
knows that u r all amazing friends and incredible people!
wants to thank all her friends for the beautiful birthday wishes!  you are all so very kind!  do you feel me hugging you right now???
is sad tonight   
is sad again tonight too!   sad 
"thinks that today will be \a sunshine day\""!"""
anyone have any ideas on what i should do for lesson plans this week???  i was thinking composer of the month and composer drawings   what do you think???
"come one   come all!!! jewerly party this friday night  lifetime guarenteed, <propfemale> <propfemale> jewerly, at the cassville voulenteer fire department, 6pm bring friends  please give me a call 304-282-1275    will be lots o' fun!!! my mom is making a bunch of food!!! yummy!"
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in return "
tries to remember that deep cleansing breaths are what we all need from time to time!   smile 
hm  hm  hm  bakin' pies  hm  hm  hm  helpin'mom  hm  hm  hm  macaroni sald   i think i have offically lost it!   smile 
"is happy that there are beautiful, kind people in the world! thank you lord!"
"is having a crap-tacular day!  \day   will you please end quickly???"
poopy poop poop! tomorrow is the winter concert and i cannot stop crying!  please pray hard!!!
watching the davisson bros   so very awesome!
