8b43b4d41a1b8e23d3ee8cfc05414154
"list to do today: 1st get up, 2nd live, 3rd go back to sleep"
"wind, wind, go away  come back some other day "
got done with a hike and now     it's time for friday games!
     ok  time to stop being the walking dead 
it's wednesday! party!
it's friday! now     i have 2 weeks of no camp    
lets see how late i can stay up and how dead i'm going to be in the morning  -_-
two weeks off and i'm going back to camp for one of the weeks   -_-
soon we should all dance like the crazy people we are!
"cheers,s i get to go to camp to help with the food!  annoyed \"
"the world is all, but a game few can play, thats why there are game manuals you before playing the game "
atving and jeeping are fun!
"when the world looks down on you, you stand up and look down on it "
cheers! school starts today! nice to be home a few hours then have to go back  -_-
it's all in the head      or is it?!?
"when you feel down, you got to look up away from the ground "
yes pizza!
if things get blacker     how does that work?
i got save today from not having blood taken from me     only intel friday    
"when people look at you crazy, then your not the only crazy "
it friday!
it's a very lazy day     don't know what to do 
"life does funny things to you, i find it crazy "
you know somthing is wrong when your faceing it 
rule number 1: when you go to to say somthing     think about it a few times before you say it  could save your life 
you know your crazy when you start singing camp songs in school and don't know why 
hello person!
"seafood festival was fun, but hate rides that go fast then have a little stop in them, then go, stop ish, go, stop ish  makes a person not feel too good  -_-"
"dear facebook (feel like doing this  playful ),\today was a fun day, we dance, we sing, but most of all i found out that hot irons hurt and are not fun  so note to self, don't dance and sing with a hot iron "
"some days i wish for that easy button, if we can find one that would be super cool!"
"see how forthcoming my facebook friends are   and if they are paying attention  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me usingthe third letter of your first name, no repeats  it can only be 1 word then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word"
"dear facebook, (i find this a lot of fun when i start like this )\today i have found out that things you make in science class are not nice  made a monster of a thing and wouldn't get off of me, we had a fight  fight is was, but i won to tell the story of the fight!"
"wow, look at this rain!"
"hmmm, hi facebook!"
hate it when you you have to see the dnetist and they put half your face asleep -_-
not a lot of people this halloween 
some day the world needs to stop for a few  i'm trying to keep up!
it's cold and not rainning     need new wather man!
no shcool for the week!
no school for the weekend! school out for the weekend!
"\you got to make it up to her \""\",8b43b4d41a1b8e23d3ee8cfc05414154,i had a lot of fun today!  laugh 
school is out!
i got my cell back!
"we are all crazy people, well some more then others"
its fun when you have nothing to do for a hr in class -_-
