39d5f74deb7f349c9baf423a125c5064
"i know i'm a little late, but happy new year everyone!!!! paps doing much better then i e playful ected! which makes me happy!"
i suppose i need to put a picture up hmm maybe 1 day but apparently not this 1
ha! the more ppl i find or find me the more i check i hope this site doesnt contain crack as a secret ingredient   
i've made up my mind  this site is cyber quicksand   
"sorry to all the farmvill and mafia players    but, i dont think ill be doing that "
i think i should keep my alchohol intake to 2 drinks   4 makes me a little too much fun 
the steelers ar gonna kick that burgundy arse 
i love listening to my 3 yr  old sing along with his cartoons 
i hate the rain!!!
"ok it\s gametime!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! peace """
boooooo  i have to take <propmale> home soon 
i reply to the message <propfemale> sent me  i would love for ppl who have old pics of me to put them up  lol
ill have to get a better picture lol
"i have sent a friend request to every zoretic on facebook  i'm not sure if we are all family or not  but, if we all talk i'm sure we can find out  nice to meet you all either way "
so  what am i gonna do friday? any suggestions?
i am soooooooooo tired   
going to bed at 9 and getting up at 9 seems like it would make you feel rested    but it didnt work i still feel drained 
"well, we are all grown up now  and my conclusion is    i wish i had taken my time to get here"
somebody on tv just said that flava flav looked like a skeleton rapped in electrical tape  lmao
whose ready for a 3 day weekend? can i get a hell yeah!!!
i have had such a great week    and for me that's saying alot   
please dont open any links that may have been sent to you by me  i havent posted any video links  if any have been sent to you it don't open it!!!! it seems to be a virus 
"well, now i have fb back, faces from my past beware! i will find you!!! lol"
morning everyone  hope you have a good weekend 
so whos ready for turkey day? i know i sure wish i could eat like i used to!!!
"i need to write an autobiography entitled \this shit should come with a manual!!\"""""
happy thanksgiving everyone  i hope you enjoy your meal and the people you eat it with!!!
happy b-day <propmale>!!!
"well, now that thanksgiving is past, it's time for the christmas stress to settle in   "
what would you do for a klondike bar?
"leave one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot, anything you remember! don't send a message, leave a comment on here  next, re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you  it's actually pretty cool (and funny) to see the responses"
i wish sleep came a little easier    
just to let everyone know  i have cleaned my pc and upgraded my protection  the virus links have been removed  my <propfemale> and links ae safe 
i really havent been in the christmas spirit this year    
"considering this is <propfemale>, we're getting pounded with snow!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!! i need summertime back!!!!!"
"yuck! got close to 10\ and it's starting to snow harder    """
"17\ in my yard   """
"for all of you that were happy to see the snow come, now that youre digging out do you still like it? lol"
and to all the farmville players   please im not gonna start playing farmville!!!
"news: police in ohio say the mother of <propmale> has been charged with assault following a brawl at a game-watching party in a community hall  [-] impact: akron police say 62-year-old <propfemale> <propmale> was one of three people cited after the fight at a veterans of foreign wars post thursday  police say it's not clear why the party turned violent about 10 p m , during <propmale>'s 13-6 upset of division foe pittsburgh"
"we survived quite possibly the most bonehead play call in football history  in the future <propfirst>, never call for an onsides kick when yuo have the lead and the deffence isn\t playing thier best!!!!!!!!"""
"wow! finally done with christmas shopping  this is such a stressful time  dealing with the weather, shopping, and the rest of life that doesnt stop just cause its the holidays then you get to see that it was all worth it when the kids wake up on christmas morning  hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas!!!"
people say that you make your own luck    i must have the wrong ingredients 
"when you feel like beating your head agianst the wall, should you?"
i wish i could go to <propfemale>  on a good note for once 
i'm going to be driving further into winter while most are celebrating the arrival of the new year   
i don't think it's gotten above 20 degrees since i've been here       <propfemale>  winter is some of the reason i don't move back  my kids are rest rest of the reasons i don't move back 
another snow storm on way    when did the first stop?
should have stayed home     
looks like i'll get to go home today!!!
home at last!!!
off to bed  in my bed!!!
i wish i were 10 still! life was easy then   
"for such a small word, no, is hard to say   "
"there's been a report of a naked drunkard riding a lawnmower down the highway  but don't worry everyone, i'm just headed to the store "
"<propmale> loves the wii <propfemale> got him, but he can't tell the difference between wii games and 360 games    "
"if a key opens a lot of locks, then it's a master key  but when a lock is opened by many keys, then it's a shitty lock    think about it ~ <propfirst> <propmale> sharrin"
my time will come    
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
more snow on the way    this has got to be the worst winter <propfemale> has seen in quite some time 
the snow removal plan in <propfemale> is a joke!!!
2' of snow outside and the driveway is now clear  sounds like a good time for a few run-n-cokes and some t v 
"more snow on tuesday, then agian on friday      did someone take me to <propfemale>  without my consent?"
did anyone actually want the colts to win outside of indiana? congratulations saints on your first superbowl title 
everyone and thier brother is e playful ecting snow  now we all know it's coming  i wonder if <propfemale> department of transportation knows it's coming  we've seen how thier last miniute plans work out     
clouds are looking heavy and gray  when are they going to dump?
wow! <propmale>'s going to be 4 years old monday  where does the time go?
it's hard to tell anymore  is it more important to have something to share or someone to share it with?  there are valid points to each 
 sad  a man shouldn't have to work nights and days at the same job    but payday could be worse  can't wait til i straighten out all the screw-up the last supervisor did  then my schedule will be normal 
tired   
i'm going to miss you pap     
i'm afraid my family is going to fall apart without my grandfather as the glue 
"headed back home soon  honestly, i can't wait  i feel like an ass saying that but, im fast coming up with more bad memories then good ones here "
wow! i'm so glad to have my son this weekend  i've missed him so much 
happy mother's day to all of you mothers  especially my own!!!
work sucked today  only got 5 hrs  in which also got me a little over 5 <propmale> walked   
would someone please help me get this straitjacket off??? i really hinders my performance 
"fox 5 news reported: attention !!! do not \join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father \",39d5f74deb7f349c9baf423a125c5064,what to do???
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear  while you humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your woman cry,there's   a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence "
curse this rain!
stressing over things doesn't make them better  just more stressful 
what to do with <propmale> this weekend???
"i know i keep my emotions bottled up, but it's for your protection "
can someone trade me shoes? i really would like a break from walking in mine 
is it wrong to want something you know you can't have?
6 smile 0 bored as hell!  sad 
bedtime  4 smile 0 comes early 
what to do today? other than the home depot run 
would have liked to go out to water's edge tonight  only a 14 1 2 hour day puts a damper on things 
"and agian, i appreciate that everyone wants me to be thier neighbor, in thier mob, sheck on thier crops, and look at thier fishtank  with that being said  it's to no avail  all i do is block the applications  sorry if i disappiont you, but no thanks "
got to get up sunday morning at 2 smile 0 a m  to go to work  got to do a job thats north of philly   sad 
off to bed    
"well, been at the office for a bit  someone had the bright idea of parking not 1 but 2 trailors blocking my truck in  hope they get here soon to let me out!"
i could be sleeping   sad 
14 hrs and 14 minutes on te clock with no work to be shown for it  turns out we couldn't do the job  that's what you get for doing over the phone fax estimates 
all i want is a little of the good life  all i need is to have a good time!
today is a new day 
damn    i have to work saturday and sunday this weekend 
2 hours before bedtime  what should i do?
"muck <propfemale>!!!! not only do i have to work all weekend, but i have to get up at 4 a m  to do so   sad "
sleepy
"how many of us really know all of the people on our friend list? here's what i ask of you  i want all of the people on my list to comment on how you met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this query can be! i must confess this is not my original idea but it is a good one"
overtime  sucks everyday but payday!
ugh!!!
i hate when the little nap becomes 3 hours  makes me feel like shit and i'm gonna have a hell of a time going to bed tonight   sad 
need new book 
the sun has melted me   
<propmale> had a blast in the pool today  wish i'd thought to take a few pics 
is it wrong to use the sleeper hold on your child when you need a break? lmao
today was miserable  i hate my job  but as <propfemale> pointed out recently  atleast i have a job 
finally!!! a decent day to work outside and it's a short day 
"smile and wave boys, smile and wave   "
"well, i have been off the clock for an hour and find out my ride is still 2 hours away  damn i should have driven in this morning  that's what i get for car pooling "
tired      need a real vacation! and that doesn't include sleeping on someone couch 
got to work in the morning  but i do have sunday off   smile 
why???????????
happy father's day!
anyone have a personal air conditioner? i could really use one for work 
home early! got to do a night job tomorrow tho  sad  starts at 10 pm 
change of plans    got a call at 9pm telling me i have to be at the office at 5 am 
hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we're now at 13 days of 90+ degree weather in northern <propfemale> for the month of june 
no work today  bring on the sun!
off til tuesday!  smile 
hhappy fourth of july all!
4 day weekend gone in record shattering time   sad 
"dear karma,\      could you please give an estimated date in which i'll be even?\                                                                         respectfully, \                                                                                    <propfirst> zoretic"
"it's fun to watch <propmale> play call of duty online  but, he wrecking my kill death ratio! lol"
bedtime! 3 smile 0 comes early  especially on sunday!
bored                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
why are weekends so short?  sad 
i love being a parent!!! kids do the coolest things sometimes  i'm lucky to have 2 great boys!!!!!!
i don't know what's faster today  my grass growing or my internet???
3 smile 0 mornings are rough 
i want it one way  but it's the other    
i'm not at work anymore so bring on the sun!!!!!!!!!!!!1
"if you like to show ppl how well you can crush things with you head, don't worry  it's probably not good for much more "
damn  it's still 87 degrees here!
i hate my job  i hate my job  i hate my job!!!!!
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! other than being at work by 3am and not getting out til after 5pm  sad  it was just fine \p s  i am not old!!!! 32 is nothing  you do have the permission to call me old when i have grandchildren, but until then      no!"
need sleep!!! i think i got more overtime hours at work than sleep hours this week   sad 
asks    if u saw me bein arrested    what do u think it would be for? (answer below plz)
way past bedtime 
got the day off  picked <propmale> up for a few hours  got to clean and do laundry 
i need a vacation!!!
more night work       
almost time to leave for work    
off the weekend? i don't know      gotta love my schedule! hehehe schedule
s o b  i hate the rain! i want to work!!!!!!!!!!!!
can the rain end? i think we're soggy enough!
why do i feel like crap today???
ahhhh! survived another day at work!!!!!!!!!
is there ever a time when giving up is the best plan?
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states ofamerica and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  (i grewup saying thisevery morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear ofoffending someone ) now, let's see how many americans will repost thisand not care about offending someone"
hi! hehe
need a change    
when i order my clone can i customize it to like work more than i do?
work is really interfering with my family time  i hate working weekends!
wish i had a 3 day weekend    
emergency room visits suck!
traffic sux but the coffee is hot 
gonna head out for a bit tonight 
"what to do, what to do?"
lets go steelers! living this close to baltimore makes me hate them that much more   
ugh! slowest saturday ever  c'mon gametime! this is gonna be a great game for all football fans 
that's the way to start things pittsburgh!
we got to hold on to the ball guys!
woohoo!!!!
pittsburgh steelers gonna get number 7 in 2011!
yay! i get a few extra hours with <propmale> today!
wow! yesterday's game still has me excited  then the patriots lose  good times in steeler nation!
"with the physical play of the pittsburgh steelers and the pressure of the afc championship game, do the jets have what it takes to win? i don't think so "
"so <propmale> wakes up this morning and the first thing he says is \do you know what day it is? it's football day!\"""""
didn't anyone tell the jets that hienz field is in the center of a no fly zone!!?
steeler nation stand up and support your gridiron gods!
and the terrible towels are a wavin!
black n gold gettin it done!
"we goin to the ship! here we go steelers, here we go!"
omg! the next two weeks are going to take forever   
the packers huh? grilled cheese anyone?
maybe it's time   
wish sleep came easier to me    narcotic free of course  don't do pills  unless absolutely necessary!
we've been here before steeler nation  and we're in the superbowl  it's early with a lot of football to go  we got this 
"win or lose i love my steelers! it great having you home team the most loved and hated team in <propfemale>  99% of ppl that were glad to see pittsburgh lose are not green bay fans, but are fans of teams that wish they had as many superbowl wins as us  6-2 in the most watched and gambled on sporting event in the world  so for all you hates out there thank you for making the pittsburgh steelers even more celebrated!"
happy birthday <propmale>! 5 years old already  wow!! school starts in september for you!   love  you!
too early to be at work on a sunday 
hmmm  what's on your mind?
long day  tomorrow will be much better  <propmale> is going to be here!
the wind is crazy out there  knocked out my power 
boo! taking <propmale> home at 2  what to do after that 
"street cred  as a <propmale> man makes me laugh  as millionaires, credibility on e  99th street buys you a bullet the same as it does a crackhead  but, that same amount of credibility on wall street buys you anything you ever wanted "
"strange, strange dream last night  someone stayed the night with me and took off before morning leaving her baby behind  and the only thing that bothered me about is was i didn't have a baby car seat "
tgif! <propmale> days are here again!
missing <propmale> already  wish christian would come by more often 
i need to get away 
a visit to pennsylvania may be in my near future
tthe insides of my eyelids are looking quite sexy right about now  hope everyone enjoyed st  <propfirst>'s day!
<propmale> has to go home today   sad 
"the job i'm finishing today had all the hated work in remodeling  1: i hate insulation  2: i hate sanding drywall  3: i date painting  but, in the end, i love a happy customer!"
"did i really just sit here and watch \marmaduke?\"""""
may have to postpone my <propfemale>  trip  got another job that has to be done next week  maybe the week after that 
another estimate tomorrow  then i get to pick <propmale> up! i love my weekends with him 
"i have such a hard time doing estimates  i look at the work and see what i'd want for the work  then i think of the prices i've seen other companies charge, and it makes me feel like i'm short changing the shit out of myself "
why do i wake every morning 5-7 minutes before my alarm clock  and why do those few minutes seem the most important!?
tired   
70 and <propfemale>    hell yeah!!!
