ca4c4f9dd8256b8c518be139b02720ac
is bad at facebook 
snow!  surprise 
has officially reached the pandora limit for the month  annoyed 
is so very very glad that ad is now dead and gone out of her life forever 
i'm kind of coming down with a cold   would zell dominate me if i stayed home and didn't turn in my research notes tomorrow?
"this outline is just death, death, and more death  maybe those should be my points  *headdesk*"
what do you put in a parenthetical citation for an apparently anonymous article? the title?
's first body paragraph takes up a full <propfemale> 
feels awful  it seems that now that my teeth hurt less the painkiller got bored and started amusing itself by making me feel seasick dx
"according to google chrome, grade speed is my third most often visited site  annoyed  i realized today that i completed the transition to grade whore a while back and somehow didn't notice "
beware of falling lava lamps 
"my eye is almost healed but because of the scar it's still 20-100, and the doctor says if i'm *lucky* it might get to 20-60  sad day "
reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol 
tried to tame the sun and got burned 
i has laptop!!! x3
i electrocuted my arm earlier on accident  it felt funny  playful 
<propmale> supplies cost way too much!!!
"beef jerky and fudge for dinner  ah, college "
thunder in the background makes any lecture sound worth listening to 
suffers physical pain from reading so much plato 
sometimes i want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
is a self-diagnosed hypochondriac more or less of a hypochondriac for acknowledging it?
"i just finished reading a clockwork orange, which is amazing, but the last chapter, the one not usually published in <propfemale>, is awful  it takes it from having some dark, obscure meaning to suddenly just a ridiculous happy ending!"
"if someone left you a note in the trash, on the most recent piece of trash they threw away, telling you not to throw anything else away because the trash is full, wouldn't you feel compelled to find more trash just to trash write back to them?"
"i have no words--alas!--to tell\the loveliness of loving well!\\(poe)"
is on her way to having some dinosaur bone ice cubes  oh yeah 
i went to class barefoot in pajamas today  i feel accomplished 
the <propfirst> tennant   <propfirst> <propmale> hamlet movie is so good! i was so wrapped up in the skillful nuance of it all that i forgot to even fangirl over the actors properly!
"let's see, what do i respect that's not batman? -<propmale> dutton"
"so it's 5 am and i just finished writing a pretty good essay for a really easy class  my only regret is putting so much effort into it  \\why is it so difficult to be a slacker?"
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo 
"if women ruled the world, there would be no wars  just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other "
"if someone raises their hands while they yawn so that their belly shows, i consider it a request to tickle them "
