ddaee57469d5b9de5ba18e67f3666d1c
in greece and italy for 2 weeks
celtics are going to step up in the playoffs
99% of girls are the same  why cant i find the other 1%?
headin to <propfemale> times
lebron good luck in new york
"i've had a hard enough time this year equal to 10 lifetimes, but its not about how you deal with it, its how you overcome it and move on that makes you stronger and ready for anything that life throws at you"
start working at wal-mart on saturday
lets goooo! just graduated high school
wow <propfemale> stop hacking my shit haha
let's go celtics!!!!!! <propfemale> vu 2008??
headin to boston lets get itt umass
why is it that its only nice out on the days i have to work
usa! usa! usa!
"life sucks, when you think you've got it all theres always something or someone missing to make it une playful lainably perfect"
dont be a bitch  live life to the fullest
life never ceases to surprise me   i see it coming but im to blinded by its greatness that i cant do anything about it
work till 7  whoever wants to ball text me
i love it how i leave my phone in another state 
"phones backk  hit me up, going to rocketland later"
"old orchard beach next week, whoevers coming just text"
"aruba next month, drinking age 18      sweettt "
"just finished work, now gym, and whoevers going to rocketland ill be there at 10, no phone"
whoever wants to go to six flags next monday let me know
heading to providence with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
"meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, falling for you is beyond my control"
old orchard beach is the shit
hates fake people and girls who dont look like there facebook pictures
fun day in <propfemale> townn
got my phone back  hmu 508-735-5831
we wont realize what we have until its gone
lets get ittt celtics 
why does quinsig suck so much?
can i hit in the morning? the sun risin while your moaning
thank you worcester voke for not putting my picture in the year book       p s you fuckin suck
i love working 10 hour shifts on black friday 
"having a jaguar has its ups and downs  like for instance having to fix a part for $4,000 "
"you think your fresh, nigga i'm ripe"
why when i call bank of <propfemale> (in <propfemale>) do i have to press 1 for english 
"<propfirst> pierce is the man, <propfirst> <propfirst> is clutch, <propfirst> <propfemale> is a beast, rajon rondo is fire, amare stoudemire is a bitch, new york sucks and boston is all about 18"
ballin at holy cross tonite
i love it when a plan comes together
why do they keep saying were all just riding the patriots bandwagon? last time i checked we live in new england! you've got to rep your town 
better not have school tommorow
"since when did i hate the snow? oh yeah, when i was big enough to hold a shovel"
i still cant believe <propmale> went from first place last year to last place this year all because of one player 
i love getting put in handcuffs for doing the right thing
is my car supposed to be able to start in 4th gear?
hey cancun ill see you in mexico in two months!
"the celtics didnt steal this one in l a, they just picked it up off the floor "
"2 hour delay for worcester public, but how do i find out about quinsig?"
has anyone ever taken cis 111 at quinsig?
