ef4191083c7181fae366687282837192
"just came back from the florida mall  had a nice day  time to cook dinner, bc cesars going to be home soon!"
"i really think that at&t rigs their phones to brake just so you have to buy another one \i'm 4 months away from a free upgrade and my touch screen go's wacko  so dumb  "
can't wait to see my inlaws tomorow!
gym today
making ramen noddles
"i love my husband so much!\i got lucky when he found me "
"the ac in our house broke    that says it all \waiting for the repair man to get here thats always fun"
my dog keeps bringing me toys shes got 4 of them sitting on the bed with me lol she's a funny little thing
why does florida have to be so hot?
just got home from a walk with my father inlaw and my little puppy 
"i have the best husband \couldnt ask or find anyone who loves me and takes care of me as well as him  never have met anyone who truely loved me as much as him "
i love how obama is saying he's not going to allow this and that and he's going to see to it  get his ass out there and start clean up some oil  talk the talk and walk the walk  all he can do is talk    
waiting on everyone to get home  playing fetch with <propfemale> 
i want to get collagen shots in my lips 
going out to the store with my <propfemale>
well hope my dad has a happy fathers day even though he wants to start fighting with me 
would love some onion rings and a milkshake right about now 
im not crazy you are because you dont think like me 
watching the final tudors episode
im in a really good mood today!
got to get ready to go out to a cigar shop 
mcdonalds happy meal toys are making kids fat?!?!? give me a break its not getting off your butt and doing something thats making you fat 
i find it amazing that my 4 pound yorkie can snore so loud
i dont know what i want to do today 
"just got home had a nice day  colored and cut my aunts hair, did her nails and toes  went to the store and now hanging out watching hell's kitchen with my hubby "
went tanning  drove around looking a homes areas in ormond and port orange to buy 
i might be werid but i love the smell of lemon pledge  lol
got to start working out again  been way to lazy these past few weeks 
"one person really need to know about things before they speak not be so angery when the truth is spoken sadly they will continue to live in a pretend world where they think their shit doesnt stink but in all reality it stinks the worst this person is truely blind,deaf, dumb and nasty!but soon they will fall on their fat fucking ass and have no one to blame but themself maybe not,sadly in my family ingnorance is bliss"
doing all my beauty treatments 
guess what happened last night?? go outside to smoke find a little <propfemale> gray kitten! so cute 
hate being upset  seems like the past week and a half thats all its been 
the kitten i found is so freaking cute! she thinks shes <propfemale> of the couch lol
watching walle its pretty cute
2nd day of not smoking ciggs 
out of 5 animals and 2 people you would think someone else whould be awake besides me lol
hmmm thinking about what to do tomorrow   
going to my aunts then gotta go to the store for somethings
been out all day running around with my aunt  home now with my <propmale>!
"so tired   going out tomorrow on a date with my husband  that will be nice, some stress free time with him "
going out with my <propfemale>!
had a wonderful time with my <propfemale> today 
i dont get why i'm everyones scapegoat  so over it though
i deff need glasses!
has the best husband!
anyone know a good hairdresser in nsb?
waiting for my <propmale> to get home 
i want so freaking <propfemale>! but im to lazy to drive to the store
i really do love you ramen noddles!
going out tonight with <propmale> and our good friend <propmale> 
out for most of the day 
went and looked at houses today  found one i really really liked  have to look at one more tomorrow 
house hunting!
chopped all my hair off! ran around all morning now its nap time 
house is a mess  thats what happens when im not home to clean everyday 
houses houses houses all i can think about  some of these prices these ppl think they can get make me laugh  they got one to many equity lines on their house 
out for the day
i want some surf and turf 
i hate it when my husband randomly steals all my food when im in the other room 
i find it amazing that a realator wont pick up his phone when you are looking to buy something from him 
for once in my life i want to go to the beach 
i truely hope for the best
looking at reo homes and i have dollar signs in my eyes  i'm going to start doing research on this  and profit off it 
time for bed tomorrow is a new day
boredddd     
i love the rain! so relaxing
i freaking eye keeps twitching!! it's been doing it for days  idk what the deal is but its driving me nuts  and i'm sure i look like a freak 
boredd
why is it men have to have a tv so loud that you cant even think? i'm so over this  im going to get him those headphone things so he can hear the tv  and i can have peace 
back to bed after <propmale> leaves for work 
not feeling to good today  freaking weather is screwing me up
"nap,tanning,get ready for work "
change of plans work tomorrow
so freaking hot out cant wait for winter
bored   dont know what i'm going to do tomorow  
really hoping my feeling is right 
aww my <propfemale>'s cooking brunch 
very lazy day  so glomey outside 
making a pizza yummy!
getting ready to go out to <propmale> 
had a wonderful day with my hunny <propfemale>!
got some cleaning to do  i really dont understand how it gets messy so fast 
i'm very lucky to have the best husband in the world!
cold pasta is the best!
sleepy  i think its nap time  
mall cop is a very funny movie
sometimes i wish that life had a fast fwd button to go though all the sucky parts
gotta do banking stuff oh what fun being on hold!
time to fold clothes! so exciting! lol
making my quilt  coming along quite well
"i love how my father will try and tell me how things are when he doesnt even know what hes talking about  and get pissed when i tell him he doesnt know  his come back is \thats the law you can change it\"" when it has nothing to do with the law lol and the dead give away that he doesnt know is he walks away fast """
going grocery shopping today
making chili
time to eat some pizza
bored outta my mind   
"i have the weridest animals, my kitten is carrying the dog's toys around lol"
thinking about laying in the sun  
been so sleepy today  gotta get stuff done before <propmale> gets home   annoyed 
god is deff  looking after us 
doing a little shopping online  
just saw a homeless <propfemale> walking around on the side of the road  hopefully it doesnt get hit  people please remember before you buy an animal there are sooo many needy homeless sad animals out there in shelters that need homes  regardless if it comes from a shelter or a breeder its going to love you  just something to think about 
"been up since 6 smile 0am went to sams club,the vet,world market still gotta cook and then im done for the day "
took a little nap my <propfemale> will be home soon!
big bang therory! funniest show ever
walmart and world market 
"finally home long day, now i have to clean"
"had a long nice day! only thing that could have gone better was the weather, but its florida"
i love my husband!
taking my kitten to the vet  
"my family is so werid, like who fights about dishsoap  lovely way to start the day "
cooking dinner for my wonderful husband and then finally sitting down and relaxing for a good hour then gotta do dishes and wash clothes 
wish subway delivered   
"making homemade breadsticks,meatballs,torttellini and sause yummy!"
i'm thankful for how blessed i am  things always workout for the better just have to stick it out 
such a nice day  wish florida was like this year round 
my head is killing me    
lots of running around today 
i love my husband! never loved anyone as much as i love him  was very blessed the day he found me  its amazing how time flys by 
my list of stuff to do is almost done!
i love being italian bc i can justify eating pizza and pasta everyday  lol
just had to fly to the vet with my poor <propfemale>  i have found out that she is allergic to bees or wasps  poor puppy is alright though  very scary
going to walmart to get the weekly supplys
bored   
sleepy time  
"so sick of looking at freaking houses and areas  all i want to do is move to new cannan ct  not nc not fl not <propfemale>    connecticut! and build my house and be done with it  but will anyone lisen to me? noo  but we'll see, im not moving to a freaking hick town  like do you really have a brain to think i would ever ever move to a town this consiters a gas sation as a grocery store???? nope,nope,nope not happening "
cleaning   
quiting smoking is hard  but im doing pretty good 
cant sleep  what a shocker that is 
got an apt in <propmale>  so freaking nice! getting to go shopping for a new living room suite is also a plus 
i just keep praying everything works out 
going though boxes to see whats getting moved and whats not  and going into storage  found a bunch of stuff i forgot i had so thats a plus lol
i think when we have to move again i'm going to hire people to move and pack all my stuff  i'm not cut out to be doing this  
cant wait for <propmale> to come home on sat so he can deal with all this stuff   
i have 2 solid oak end tables and a coffee table that are in really good condition  if anyone want to buy them off of me for $200  also have a sleeper sofa and matching loveseat  sofa has a hole in the cushion  loveseat is mint  no stains  $350  will take $500 if you take it all 
boxing stuff up
i really hate moving just for the reason of everything is in disarray 
<propmale> comes home tomorrow! got some running around to do  pick up the dry cleaning  swatch came in for my living room set  have to look at that  and more freaking packing! so happy he will be home!
so sleepy   off to get dry cleaning  and look at swatches 
"boxes,boxes,boxes     so sick of looking at freaking brown boxesssssss!!!"
i really hope we are moving to jacksonville! means one step closer to want i want 
wish i could hire someone just to fold clothes 
i'm freaking borrrredddddddddd           
time go sooooo sloowww when you are waiting to find out news!!
taking a shower and getting ready to go to lunch and to go shopping with <propfemale> heil  hopefully theres some really good sales!
i just spent 6 hrs in the mall   the sad part is i would have spent more time in there if i had a cart lol
going shopping again today  its a dream come true living less then 15 mins away from every mall in <propmale> 
home form my day of shopping 
i'm thankful for so much this year!
putting up the christmas tree  going to wrap some gifts 
cant wait for <propmale> to get home so we can go to the store 
cant sleep  thinking about all the stuff i need to do tomorrow 
i really do love my husband 
gotta look at apts again  moving to jacksonville  in the mean time folding clothes like a good housewife 
need to go to jacksonville to look at apts    
looking at the calendar and this is a very busy month  its all good stuff too!
"change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec  6) there should \be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories from our \childhood  this is in support of stopping violence against children!"
have a little bit of house work today then plan on being a lazy bum
i'm looking at all these cartoons everyone has on their profile and its funny how most of the ones ppl picked resemble the ppl themselves 
i love my husband but ohh does he snore!
if subway delivered they would make so much money off me    
getting ready to start the day  going to seaworld with my grandma!!
making sugar cookies and biscotti
"i want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday! thank you for all the phone calls,texts and facebook comments ims "
looking at townhomes and office buildings in nc 
cant belive its almost christmas 
"watched one of the charile brown christmas movies, they really should make cartoons like that now a days  people wonder why kids today are dumb asses  look at the crap they watch "
<propfemale> christmas! hope everyone has a good day!
cleaning the house today  nothing to intresting
"hanging out with my husband,cleaning the house  having a nice day!"
cleaing the house  in such a good mood today!
cant wait till florida is a distant memory 
watching my shows doing house stuff bc im wide awake
normally i'm pretty good at solving problems but today my brain is mush  
i have a wonderful best friend  he's more then i could have ever hoped for  i cant belive its almost been three years we've been together  feels like we've known eachother our whole life  i couldnt have found a better man  looking forward to spending the rest of my life with him 
nap time   
why does it have to rain when i need to go and do things? i really think florida has it out for me    lol
"sleepy, had a nice day at waterford lakes today  doing some arts and crafts stuff for cesars birthday next week "
spending the day with my <propfemale>  his first day off in 3 weeks 
my head is pounding  dumb weather
well today is my <propfemale>'s 46th bithday  going to put together a nice eveing together for him 
i really have issues with being so short  even when i stand on things that are tall i still cant reach stuff  lol
is anyone else in a crazy good mood today or is it just me?
"so i'm reading the news online and it looks like daytona beach is having more problems then normal  publix armed robbery, suspicious package at the court house and an attorney is on propation from the  fl bar  oh and to top it off had the 3rd dirtist hotel in the nation (desert inn)  lol and ppl want to move to dayton whyy?"
boreddd   
going to eat some ramen then start my day of cleaning
monday morning  let the stress begin 
i no longer watch jersey shore but my 46 yr old husband does  lol he makes me laugh 
happy!
making chocolate truffes for valentines day 
making so many cookies today for valentines day! they look so pretty with all their sprinkles!
watching the grammys with my <propfemale>
happy valentines day! hope everyone has a wonderful day!
its so pretty outside! decorating the house for when my <propfirst> gets home from work 
had a wonderful valentines day with my <propfemale>! hope everyone else did as well!
had a very nice day  <propmale> ad i got our teeth cleaned  did a little window shopping  and just enjoyed eachother 
excited to hangout with my <propfemale> all day sunday!
excited for the home show this weekend! and best of all i get to spend the day with my <propfemale>!
making cookies of <propmale>'s work 
watching my favorite childhood movie
going to the home and garden show with my <propfemale>!
my husband will find the weridest movies on tv everytime  hundreds of channels and he finds some werids ones 
i have nothing to do and i have so much energy     
my poor <propfemale> has a hematoma on his ear  anyone have any insite into anything like this?
"today <propmale> and i have been \together\"" 3 years """
waiting for <propmale> to get home from work 
waiting on <propmale> to get home 
tomorrow my <propfemale> leaves for a week  but good things come of it so thats the bright side of it 
<propmale> left a few mins ago    i hope this week go's well and quickly
"god <propmale> me the serenity \to accept the things i cannot change; \courage to change the things i can;\and wisdom to know the difference "
my <propfemale> comes home today  hopefully this was a ultra successful business trip!
off to walmart  hopefully theres not to many crazies there tonight lol
not feeling to good still from yesterday  but making my <propfemale> fresh coffee cake for when he gets up and i get get to spend the day with him so thats good too!
"doing my daily cleaning  maybe oder a pizza, really craving pizza"
sleepy   
had a very nice day with <propfemale>  went to the winter park <propmale> festival  and borders books 
grocery shopping even though i so sleepy   
"okay so i'm driving home and see some \gangsters\"" walking one of them had his pants so far off his butt it wasnt even worth it for him to wear pants  you dont look gangster you look dumb  and if you really needed to run you would fall on your face """
