db3bb15c527208730b9c724a2fb19c59
ya    this hurts a hell of a lot
is quite hopeful agian
is out of this relationship    for good it seems
i'm pathetic and confused
isn't pathetic and only slightly confused lol
finally gets it    i finally have the strength to walk away lol    i guess shit happens lol
finally got his new computer!!!!
pulled an all nighter for absolutely no reason at all!
is looking forward to his future!!!
"so everyone needs to go to their settings, click on languages, go down until you see \english (pirate)\"" it's amazing!!!"""
just got back from watching the meteor shower atop a mountain    it was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
had an amazing time shootin shit! lol  smile 
who wants to go to guads tomorrow for dinner? i'm home and wanna get together with everyone  smile 
happy to be home!
11 smile 0 am - 11 00 pm    elapsed time eleven and heif hours    all 3 lord of the rings movies successfully watch    check that one off the bucket list!
200 feet of skidding face first in the snow    my arm now feels like it wants to fall off    but <propfirst> can vouch for me that it was an epic fall!
starting over    life almost back on track lol    note to self: check e-mail daily to avoid sticky situations
is tired    but what a weekend? crazy shinanagains and a bon fire in the sea cave    can life get any better? i submit that it cannot!
"so    after 3 hours of debating, my color is pink and i am a sea lion    lol"
needs to find out who his doppleganger is     someone have any celebrities?
just got back from line dancing! one of the best nights at cal poly so far! but alas it is 2:16 and i got class at 8! goodnight world   
the dribbles down my shirt are a testament to why one should not drink apple juice directly after the dentist numbs half your face   
happy pi day everyone!
it was 1 o'clock and i had a 7 am final i had a lot of studying to do for    all-nighter seems like the wise idea    5 surprise 6 am says differently    oh well last final!
"finally home    went to la    got a number while on the freeway    saw an awesome metal show by the shaddows transparent    got raced by two chicks at a stop light (which we won)        600 <propmale>, 20 gallons of gas, awesome road trip    priceless!"
"12 hour hike, 4200 feet elevation gain, here we come! this is gonna be sick!!! i'm gonna be gazing across god's country from an elevation of 5358 feet "
well i almost died today    climbing across vertical rock walls over a river    and almost getting sucked away in the rapids    that was one interesting date!
happy rebirth day god!
"first shower in two days felt nice    retreat was amazing!!! \men! what is your profession? ah-oh ah-oh ah-oh!\"""""
"\did you feel the darkness tremble? when all the saints join in one song and all the streams flow as one river to wash away our brokenes\"""""
officially the best fight movie ever    mortal kombat: the movie! hahahaha
is doing something in <propfemale>'s room    love 
thursdays suck    just sayin!
''don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footsteps on the <propfemale>''
my name is matcheuw and my satus has been jacked  playful 
"just had an amazing time at the beach playing \dom-ball\"" lol now going to the shack to watch the sharks game with all of slo's fans! go sharks!!!"""
and the sharks take the series!!! let's go sharks (boom boom boom-boom-boom) let's go sharks!
having a cold suck but the needtobreathe (kinda ironic with the cold) concert was amazing! one of the best show's i've ever been too for sure!
so a spider just propelled down from the roof and landed right on my phone    freaked me out   
rawr goes the dinosaur
"\what would it take for things to be quiet? quiet like the snow?\"""""
somehow survived my coms speech    was so nervous i don't remember speaking but apparently it was good
5-hour energy = super crack
got used to working the 11-7am shift    now i can't sleep    fml    tomorrow is going to be a long day at school
spent his last night in slo line dancing  smile  good end to a long year
just realized how slow lockwood life is    i'm bored      
just moved into his new place! 111 mustang drive apartment 203!
"chicken w  garlic, pepper, pepperchinis, <propfemale> mushrooms, italian dressing, feta cheese, and chipolte tabasco sauce over rice= amazing!!! i think i should forget mechanical engineering and go to culinary school! but now my stomach hurts cuz i ate too much   "
"ah slo you are almost home again! this is definitely the happiest i've been in months! <propfirst> powers and the white collar with <propfemale> walsh! only a few more days and the family will be complete  and btw <propfirst> mckalson and <propmale> pollock garcia, i don't think i've ever laughed that hard at a trash can lol"
<propfirst> lanesucksssssss!!!!!!!!!
8am class canceled    next class at 1 smile 0    too bad i already started drinking coffee     ugh no sleep for me
"dear ants: i know it is hot outside    i know you seek water    but you have tread upon most holy ground, the bear's lair, the home of the porcelain throne, my bathroom  though your first assault was a success, know this    i am in it for revenge!  i will find you all and i will kill you   "
"\kills the <propfemale> in 24 hours\"" take that you dumb ho!"""
"147 and a second date, not a bad game of bowling!"
oh stupid beard mojo!
grocery shopping with the absotivily incedible ces-face!  love   love   love   smile 
got some nori (seaweed) from <propmale>'s    first try at homemade sushi tonight lol    oh boy!
"dear <propfirst> (the mouse living in the back of my refrigerator), you are not paying your part of the rent, therefore this is your eviction notice \\dear person living next door, check your food supplies, i believe <propfirst> has been recently shopping at your fine establishment but not paying for what he takes    i will handle this injustice harshly   "
learned today why the pancake mix says to only use 1 4 cup for each pancake    i just put it all in my little 8 inch pan and almost overflowed it!    but i did make a super pancake so that's kinda cool
rule number one: when your computer is locked in your room with no one around it is still not safe to leave it logged in
so    i was watching this crazy psycho killer movie    (the alphabet killer-based on a true story) when all of the sudden bammm bammm bammmm!!! on my door     freaked me out! stupid drunk ppl had the wrong room!
giants win!!!! giants win!!!! world series here we come!
so i need ideas for some sort of nonlethal trap    <propfirst> (my roommate mouse) keeps coming out to play even though i'm sitting right here     i'm gonna get him somehow and make him my pet!
"look! a wild mousetrap appeared! go, <propfirst>  <propfirst> uses bite  it's not very effective    mousetrap uses snap  super effective! critical hit! <propfirst> fainted   \\matthew: 2     household pests surprise "
halloween    possibly my new favorite holiday    except for christmas and easter    and flag day
and the giants win the world series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! strike out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just made sushi for dinner! lol too much rice to make it an actual roll but it still was good! i guess that's how you learn    sushi masterdom here i come!
line dancing at the grad    possibly the funnest thing ever invented!
"''preach the gospel always, if necessary use words''- st  <propfirst>"
"who would have thought that those twelve \critical thinking\"" questions would turn into an 8 <propfemale> 2200 word all-nighter    ah sleep!!!!!!!"""
my new friends spun out right in front of me    but the hour waiting for the tow truck was probably the funnest hour of the night    oh san <propmale>!
what should i do right now? i'm bored
"oh sweet angel of mercy, with your grace like the morning, wrap you loving arms around me"
"this is the point in rearranging my room is where i think to myself \what in the world have i gotten myself into?\"""""
a revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having!
"so i feel like i may have add, i mean what are the clas    so i saw this really great show on hulu, there was this    i think i love boobies is a great way to go at getting donations for breast cancer, it's clever and i mean come on, who doesn't  love  boobies? i'm hungry, what should i make for din    hippos     anyone wanna hear a random fact?"
<propfemale> aguilera's new hit single-- the almost <propfemale> spangled banner   
"and shepherds we shall be\for thee, my lord, for thee \power hath descended forth from thy hand\our feet may swiftly <propfemale> out thy commands \so we shall flow a river forth to thee\and teeming with souls shall it ever be \in nomeni patri et fili spiritus sancti"
believes he has come up with the proof to the nonexistance of alternate realities    oh alone time at the lake   
just switched my facebook language to english (pirate)     facebook just got that more awesome
got up at 6 smile 0 for work at the lake    and i just clocked out at my job for cookie fixx    what a long day-off lol
5 deliveries so far and a grand total of     1 dollar in tips          i hate college students    lol
is definitely going to be taking a picture with the giants' world series trophy tonight at farmer's market!!!
hmmmm     that may e playful lain why i've felt like crap today     101 5 temp will tend to do that     ugh
"just ate a $7200 meal     \free\"" bbq at mustang village     glad to know i'm so heavily rewarded for living here lol"""
beware the ides of march!
"\there's no such thing as a ten dollar bill!\"" - <propfemale> hope\",b3e7708afa4660d6d801e29131c777e8,"e playful lanation - i haven't been, nor will be, online often because my dad works from home a lot of the time, i don't want to access facebook from work (security stuff), and my life is crazy busy  miss everyone i haven't seen recently!"
