ed10bd16ed91aa61812a11753ae2670e
bored  frowny  wanting to leave    
9 days and it's my b-day!!  smile 
 sad   sad 
some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go
"i hate ppl that act stupid and when they need my help they aren't gonna get it i'm sick of being nice, because when i need something they don't help, but i'm always there for ppl    i done with that fuck that  "
can't wait for my bby to come over  smile  haha
leaving guys  smile  peace be back tomorrow kiddies
my birthday today         don't know what i'm doing yet ugh and it's raining lol  any suggestions????
zac ur amazing  playful 
anyone want 2 buy a ferret comes with cage and bedding and everything !! talk to me if your interested!!!
hanging with <propfemale> heheh!
"tired going to bed soon, finally found <propmale> a new home!  smile "
anyone have a t-mobile phone that they can use refill cards?
tired blahhh    
 sad 
facebook is gay! ughh
i miss you baby  annoyed  i wanna wake up with you on christmas and i want my present to be with you forever  i'm seriously darling   
blahh i'm sick no work today yay!
yea what are u doing today cutie??
 sad 
i need a new set of friends to hangout with      
everyone change there default picture to a boohbah!!  laugh 
"went tanning, feel good need sleep  g-nite everyone!!"
" sad  i hate this, work tonight, not go to my bf's this is gay!!"
hjhk
black
"black lace, with silk purple and a <propfemale>  wink "
on top
 annoyed 
bored
need more friends to hangout with     
i love how everyone acts like im nothing   
got the job at <propfirst> johns  smile 
 crying  i'm so tired   
"do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future,  concentrate the mind on the present moment "
"when i'm pushing myself, testing myself, that's when i'm happiest   that's when the rewards are greatest "
damn i need more girl friends to hangout with     
d;
love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we  cannot live within 
i wanna find a jogging buddie i really wanna start runnin more lol  playful 
is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves?
work 5-8
finally got a cellphone!!
not feelin 2 shabby
hehe my throat is numb!
ouch i think my upper shoulders and feet got sunburn't from tanning yesterday lol!
my tooth and head hurts  sad  get paid today!! yay and work 4-7!
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so that you can learn how to let go  things go wrong , so that you can appreciate them when they're right  you believe lies so you  eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together          "
"count your blessings, review what has been learned, & start trying to figure out what's next & how to go about doing even better with it"
 annoyed 
hanging with my bby!  playful  we are gonna have fun tonight lol!!
just woke up chillin  ew its sunday: (
wants some new shoes playful 
you will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of  you will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life 
the weeds and bed with my bff  smile 
"don't call my name, don't call my name, <propmale> i'm not your babe, i'm not your babe, <propmale> don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch don't call my name, don't call my name, <propfirst>"
"i love you but fuck you, i love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, kinda strange how you came at me i love you but fuck you, i love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, things will never be the same with me      "
try and catch me now     smile 
"all this time i was wasting hoping you would come around\i've been giving out chances every time & all you do is let me down & it's taking me this long baby but i figured you out & you're thinking we'll be fine again but not this time around"
lifes good       smile 
going to the movies  smile 
"it was all a dream, i used to read word up magazine"
good night it was tonight!  : p
soundset yah!
needs to get out of minnesota    
<propfemale> bored: (
this weekend is gonna be fun can't wait graduation party and more partying in wisconsin maybe   smile 
miss the old times i wish i could go back in time     annoyed 
"tomorrows gonna be busy, busy busy haha  laugh  can't wait   "
life is good  smile 
imma try my hardest until i succeed
why are people so fucked up these days? really just be yourself! laugh 
"reality is wrong  dreams \are for real  -tupac shakur"
someone take me with them on road trip  playful 
ugh going to work 12-3    text me everyone  playful 
got a interview next thursday    can't wait!!  laugh  the call woke me up but i'm gonna have a good day and it's friday!
ugh what to do tonight    who wants to chill?  playful 
life's good    excited for my interview and a little nervous wish me luck!!  laugh 
 sad 
need a new job real fast    
don't gotta work tomorrow   yay!  playful 
needs some ink  playful 
waiting for my baby then off to riverdale  smile 
i wouldn't change my friends for the world   love you guys you betta know who u guys are!!  smile  jl rc
going to work! gotta get that money: p
i got 99 problems and <propfirst> ain't one!!  laugh 
had a sweet week & weekend!  smile  loving life back to work again  
haha <propfirst> st cloud was an okay movie    hes short haha!  playful  i liked dinner for schmucks  better  
wants to change schools    what school to choose there is so many!! lol
whoever <propfirst> <propmale> is a faggot   i dunno how u got my number but grow up! wow creep how'd u get my number   
thanks everyone for the happy b-days     laugh 
life's good    nah it's great!  laugh 
the few hours i spent with you are worth the thousand hours i spend without you    laugh 
have my best friend back to talk to!  smile  hopefully they they change and don't let me go this time    laugh 
i love my sister!! shes the best  smile 
i loveeee <propfirst> synstelien sooooo much!  laugh 
going with my girls to nightmare hallow with tonight!  laugh  excitedd!
just got the job i wanted! wish me luck guys!! made up! gonna have a awesome day!  smile 
dad are u mad dad?
haters can kill yourself  playful  i love that song  
going to trail of terror excited!!  smile 
should i leave my hair blonde or dye it a burgundy  brown? any suggustions people???
??going to moa with my mikeyy boyie!??
don't judge me       && i won't judge you  
bored just helpin cook aiready missin yehs  smile }
having a great night!  smile  buttttt i miss my blonde hair  annoyed 
aww missed my blonde some much i dyed my hair back  playful 
hmmm just got off work what to do tonight???
"who would like a free <propfemale> or \cat\"" for christmas??  smile ) her name is <propfemale> anyone??"""
free cat for christmas    she is a one person cat kind of   she lays onto of you at night time which is really cute   playful  for further details ask me for my number or for pictures of her    she really needs a good home and great owner 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  smile 
fml
grandpa i hope your feeling better i'm praying for you! i wish i would've seen you today    i love you and grandma!
fml
why do people have to lose things to find out what they really mean?
with you my heart will always stay  with you my thoughts will be every day  you remain to be the one that i regret letting get away  why didn't i say what i needed to say? you are the one i will always use my wishes on  you are the one i will always wish was never gone  i'll constantly wonder what went wrong  i'll forever think of what i could've did that was never done 
life is good!!!
"\damn thought it could be summar sausage and <propfemale> and mikes hard lemonade\"""""
grape!
i want some coffee!  playful 
don't want to go to work! ughh i hate that i know i have maybe have a sinus infection    feels like something sitting on my head
band of horses funeral i love that song!
why does everyone like lil <propmale> i really don't care for that guy    horrible music
spring break!!
wow to the drugs that put people's life in danger! so scary all that happened! r i p!
i miss my mommy!  smile 
