de65d4c53e57a6706630bb8ea883382c
avatar was soooo good!  a must see on the big screen   it was so pretty 
"is finished with school, engaged, and now looking for a job!"
is going to lafayette to find and wedding venue and get ideas 
has found a wedding location and set a date   now i just need a job 
the offical date is march 26th 2010 and the ceramony will be at <propfemale> meade in lafayette 
hates diets!
needs a job!  if anyone knows someone hiring in either baton rouge of lafayette please let me know 
has a job! thank you <propfemale>!
is relaxing at <propfirst>'s and watching movies 
is ready to sleep in tomorrow!
is going to get a facial and a massage today 
had a great day at the spa yesterday   my skin feels awesome!  happy birthday <propfirst>!  i love you!
did not want to get out of bed this morning!  coffee here i come!
tgif!  i can't wait to sleep in   going to go find a tux for the wedding tomorrow 
another weekend come and gone   back to the daily grind 
thank god for weekends!  just cracked open a red stripe and now i'm going to begin relaxing 
getting dressed and heading out to pine prairie for the day 
is sad that the weekend is coming to an end   next weekend is a long weekend so that will be nice!
labor day weekend is finally here   i can't wait to sleep in!  and of course relax with two really great people   the love of my life and my best friend 
work work work   
"i have a feeling when i come to work in the a m  the company fish is going to be belly up   it doesn't look so good   and no, it's not my fault "
it's alive    the fish lives   do fish have nine lives like cats?  btw i heard that fish is almost 2 years old   what is a fish's life span?
had fun with <propfirst> and <propfemale> at the game this past weekend 
slept like a rock last night!  had a great time seeing everyone in lake <propfirst> yesterday   my godchild is growing up so fast 
ahhhh!  it's going to be a crazy monday!
you all have to go to peopleofwalmart com  it's the funniest website i've seen 
"can't wait for march so she can move to lafayette, get married, and find a permenant job so she can stop working temp jobs in br!  tgif   have a great weekend everyone!"
had a wonderful weekend with the girls!
"is jobless, sick, and happy that mom is cooking homeade soup for her tonight "
is loving this weather!
watched paranormal activity tonight   it was sooooooo good   i haven't seen a scary movie that good in a while 
is busy playing catch-up on facebook   i didn't log out when i used mom's computer and she deleted half of my friends wondering why they were on her <propfemale>   i didn't realize how many was deleted 
hello weekend   ready for a few beers and hanging out with the family 
is in pine with the family roasting hot dogs and marshmellows about to watch the lsu game 
"is off to lake <propfirst> to visit aunt <propfemale>, do a little wedding planning, and and have a few margaritas "
"ready to do the \time warp again\""   <propmale> horror picture show tonight """
"had a blast this weekend   <propmale> horror (so much fun), tailgating, and <propfemale>'s for taboo and scattergories   time for relaxation   <propfirst>'s watching the saints and <propfemale> and i are vegging out on the sofa "
is heading back to lafayette today   i can't wait until i find a job   this going back and forth is killing me!
had an interview today   praying that i have a job by next week   i hate bills!
downtown bound!  cowboy mouth tonight 
ugh     i'm sooo disgusted right now 
"is on her way to <propfemale> out with some of her favorite people   my mom, dad, sister, and soon to be husband   should be a fun night "
funny how people who were never really saints fans or even watched football have suddenly come out of nowhere   
is about to head back to baton rouge for a couple of days   i am soooo tired of living out of a suitcase 
"home in baton rouge   i missed my bed, my stuff, my roomate, the dogs, but i now i miss <propfirst> "
doesn't need anyone's optimisim   let me wallow in my own pessimism 
"so i'm watching the ama's and i don't get it   <propfirst> <propmale> is nominated for god knows what award and all i have to say is really?  i mean what did he do besides die this year   i don't get it   and i don't care what anyone says, i love lady ga ga   it's nice to have a creative freakshow on stage rather than the same routine the other artists put on award show after award show "
cooking red beans and rice and cornbread   it smells so good!
is no longer unemployed!
4 a m  was way too early to be shopping   being broke = desperation though   at least i had great company 
have you noticed that <propfirst> payton gets a haircut every other game?  just wondering   hey if i'm going to watch football with <propfirst> i just of soon have someone to look at    wink 
never get your bride's maid dresses at <propmale> <propfirst>   the people are incompetent!  first bridal meltdown   hopefully this is the one and only bump on the bridal road 
is taking deep breaths   why is it when stressful things happen they come in groups instead of happening sporadically?
"i don't know about snow, but it is sleeting out there "
happy new year!  had a quiet night with the family at home   my dog hates fireworks 
mom is staying over tonight and cookings some good 'ol rice and gravy!
omg!  i really don't want to get out in this weather   it's too wet and too cold to go to work!
soooooooo tired!  worked way too hard today 
heading out to baton rouge to finish up some wedding details   my dress fitting is on wed   i can't wait!
back in lafayette   my dress is fabulous!  i can't wait for the big day!
had a great time at the parade last night   we froze but had fun   heading out to chicot tonight for game 
who dat!  i think i watched most of the game with my hands over my eyes 
"so, if you recieved a bridal shower invitation from either me or my mother there is a <propmale> that there was a typo   the shower is from 2-4 on sunday    oooops "
heading out to pine prairie for my bridal shower tomorrow 
"had a wonderful bridal shower!  thanks to all those who came, and all those who couldn't come but sent gifts   looking at my 4 coffee pots right now   too funny!"
omg!  two more days until i am a married woman   still so much to do before then 
thank you to everyone who came to the wedding   we had a wonderful time sharing this wonderful memory with you all 
still floating on cloud nine   i wish i didn't have to wait 2 1 2 weeks to go on the honeymoon 
rip <propfemale>   you were the best dog ever!
two more days until the honeymoon!  i can't wait!
"yes, the new dog has me up at 6am   she's so darn cute i can't be mad "
had a great day with my dad and grandfather   just got back from taking cordy to the park   boy is she worn out!
"just finished watching the human centipede   so creepy!  just wish <propfemale> could have been here to watch it with us   so good, if you like that kind of stuff "
is cooking dinner for my hubby who is not feeling well 
"jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers        waiting on mom to get here so i can go to the eye doctor "
just got home from watching satc with <propfemale>   gotta love spending time with friends!
"it's so humid outside, i'm not feeling well, my hair hates me, between the dog and <propfemale> neither wants to listen to me, after all of this i really don't want to go to work tonight "
mother nature is really starting to irritate me!  real bad!
is about to head out to her sister's house for a sleepover!
is finally moving out of this small condo   two more weeks until we move out and into a house 
is slowly moving things out of the condo   a few more days to go before the big move 
loving the weather   it was so nice to sit outside with my coffee this morning and not break a sweat 
"the sauce is cooked, company is on the way, can't wait for the game to begin!"
i begin working at a new job tomorrow   i forgot how much i hate early mornings   back to being a grown-up again!
thank you for all the birthday wishes!  my day was uneventful but i had a great present and dinner   more celebrating this weekend 
go gamecocks!  bama sucks!
"\foosball is the devil\""!"""
i wish it would rain until bedtime   i love falling asleep to rain 
does anyone want a kitten?  apparently we have three   they magically appeared yesterday   all three are black   i think that may be a bad sign   
just got home from the boudoin cookoff   i am sooooo full!  we had a great time 
paranormal activity two was soooooo good   i actually screamed in the theater!
geaux tigers!  though i may not be a huge football fan i really hate bama!
the weekend wasn't long enough!
"going to the cracklin festival with <propfirst>, nat, and <propfemale>   my mouth is watering already!"
"and let the shopping begin   poor <propfirst>, he has to endure shopping with his wife and sister-in-law   everyone needs a chauffeur "
"i had a wonderful day in <propfemale> with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and nat "
can't wait until tomorrow afternoon   i get to see my bff that i haven't seen in months!
"had a great day today   spent some time with my bbf, scored some new kids on the block tickets, and now i'm about to go to a christmas party   what a fun weekend!"
we are about to head out to my mom's to do some christmas baking 
"at what age do we loose our filter?  for example:  grandma:  wow, you are way fatter than last year   me:  no maw maw i am actually smaller than last year   i've lost weight and dropped a size   grandma:  well maybe it's your clothes because you look fatter   <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
can't wait for <propfemale> and <propmale> to come over   we haven't had game night in a while 
it's a good thing  that we have plenty of appitizers and desert because mom's dog just ate the whole tray of mini sliders   thank you <propfemale>!
