422ba5a2bbfeee2fab9b0e4d2bf6a777
wants to fly to outer space using only a toothbrush
hey y'all
*does a dance*
i take too many quizes
just splurged on music   90's music at that 
wants a cookie 
seems to take forever to reply to comments
"has a crazy family, lovable but crazy  laugh  (this includes <propfemale> condalary)"
"it's gonna be a new year!  yay!  let's make it better than 2010  laugh \so let me know    what are y'all's resolutions for the up coming year?"
"a new year    and we got a little black kitten today!   smile   her name is wink    why?  one of her eyes was infected and had to be removed, so she only has her right   so it looks like she's winking!  laugh  i shall get some pics later"
"proverb   what exactly is a proverb?  i couldn't resist:  a short pithy saying in general use, stating a general truth or piece of advice   hmm    i think the <propfemale> rule is actually stated in the book of proverbs somewhere but i couldn't put a finger on it"
"it's orange, got five parts, sounds awesome and fulfills wild dreams   what is it?"
i have faith that god will let everything work out    until then    ahhahahaaahhhhggg  
"say \hola!\"""""
dance dance
math powah!!!
milk chocolate easter <propfemale>    off with your head!!
write a note?  aboot woot??
friday at last
knows exactly the thing she is going to marry  drum dial tuner  hands down
dances anyway 
hahahaha
"i am apparently right in the <propmale> i should be in  laugh  check out my \mypersonality\"" tab and you'll see   it's kinda cool """
"mal and <propfirst>'s adventures!!   saw a great movie, went to walmart, rocked out in the jeep, and got gas!"
uuuhhhgg feeling like a nap right about now
here's jonny!!  laugh  why? idk it's late-ish yo
rods and brush combo   is awesome 
"81% on my spanish final!!! what up yo not that it would've made a difference either way, i still get a b"
waaaah had to move something on the schedule because lsu is a    yeah   well my basc 2011 class has gone from wed at 12 smile 0 to thurs from 1 smile 0 - 3 surprise 0
"good day good stuff, could use to look for my groove i think i misplaced it"
bored girl is bored
paper cut   this is not working for me d:
no going to space on my toothbrush anymore y'all   the diesel is too dang e playful ensive  laugh 
"sits thinking about things she could do, and yet does nothing about the fact that nothing is being done, though she could use to do something rather than nothing "
"at last!  prepared to do    nothing!!!  oh, but i finally landed a job  laugh dd at last!!!!"
"boo-yah   yeah facebook, that's what's on my mind "
fourth o' july barbeque!  woooooo  laugh dd
"do not accumulate for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal   but accumulate for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and thieves do not break in and steal   for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also \\<propfirst> 6:20-6:21\\talked about tonight during church   man i enjoyed it, can't wait to go back too  laugh "
"huzzah!  excitement   what????  no wait, i mean that   now i don't even know what the heck i'm talking about "
"through god, the impossible is made possible and miracles are born!  faith can change things, change hearts - prayer of the faithful is the more power and dynamic than the most destructive bomb   not because it destroys   because it can heal "
saturday i made it!  thank goodness     laugh 
"is doing pretty alright   man that's a boring update   i gotta find a way to spice this up    \\pink and purple hippopotamus hopping in the waters \us braiding slipping octopus call our home with platypus "
played video games all day   productive right?
"tuned like a marching snare : bang bang bang bang bang!!!!!!!!!!\then the choir descended from the light of heaven!!\the symphony surrounded them allllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\\u kno what im sayin??  laugh  well <propfemale> does "
"has at last declared poke war with <propfirst> carlisle   i couldn't resist it    laugh d and after being in a poke war with ashi and <propfemale> for    idk how long    i have e playful erience \\poke  ftw"
"why didn't our high school teachers ever try to engage us?  and why can't the professors do anything but talk and think we'll magically get it?\\come on "
"yeeeeessssss!!!\i'm finally going to have a job (i think)   and that means some actual money!  laugh "
wants a field recorder   those things seem so nifty 
"to whoever's reading this, my friend <propfirst> really needs your prayers tonight   he went through surgery last tuesday and is struggling with some issues from the operation - so if you would, please pray for his healing and comfort   thanks guys  smile "
my phone must hate me for some reason d: i haven't dropped you! (on any hard surfaces)
"is thrilled   absolutely   i'm so happy, i had an attack   almost "
first day of school   work and everybody seems normal!  laugh   this makes me glad   cuz usually they aren't 
"is going to practice!  practice makes perfect!  and perfect isn't possible!  (well, not all the time anyway)"
"science shouldn't be the reason people refuse to believe in god   it should be the reason that they believe!  even einstein admitted that there must be a higher power   just look at the scope of the universe    this solar system is one of the billions in the milky way, which is one of the billions of galaxies in the vast universe!  it's nuts!"
"i have it figured out (at last)   take that windows only recorder software!!  > smile   used vm ware to access the software on a windows 7 virtual machine, then i converted some audio files and messed with it some more, and now those recorder files are in my itunes!  laugh "
what's on my mind?  homework   and the current poke war i have going on between everyone and their mom   which i will not lose    evah!!!
ported a hole in my bass drum's top head at last   it was kinda fun  laugh d burning hot can to the rescue!!
set me free 
everyone in the world is poking meh!!!!
"i think i hit a squirrel on my way to hart this morning    at least that's what i think judging from how it was flailing across the road in my rearview d: i hope i didn't hit the dummy but i also think i rolled over something     a limb? oh gosh, dumb daredevils"
tomorrow is friday!!!  i command you all to dance 
"<propfemale>!  yo - yo - yo!  what be up, dawg? *points to a hotdog*"
"thank god for k-love!  awesome songs, great reminders of how to live life for jesus   and they play some of the oldies i know!  laugh "
"study for biology???\\    i don't wanna "
"i like it on my closet door knob, that's what "
god's love is beautiful 
hey we won a $50 gift certificate to <propmale>'s!   laugh d i didn't remember that we had entered a contest drawing at spectrum last tuesday   but hey   now we're goin babee 
i got the cajon!!  and a new tambourine  laugh 
"\its hitting me its hitting me!!!\""\",422ba5a2bbfeee2fab9b0e4d2bf6a777,"paper     i command you to write yourself!\\hocus pocus, eat a locust\do yourself and have a focus!"
paper still isn't done   but it must be done before tuesday   so   today is outline day 
it's all for jesus 
epic win by me and mr  farrar this morning  wink  yeh yah 
has had a fun   productive day   how often does that happen??? seriously??
hallelujah night was great!  at least interesting   those really little kids didn't get the concept that two tries to get the ball in the hole means two tries!
"research topics!!! wahhhh (i got to come up with one pertaining to health care) i'm thinking about stem cells   the ethics of in vitro, but nothing firmed up yet   not sure about what <propfemale> i want   clues anybody??"
"my schedule is perfection at last\*hallelujah chorus plays*"
"internet trolls need to get a life d: seriously   have you ever come across one of those?? they're     well, we all know  laugh "
loves the family   they make meh laugh   hard  laugh dd
"what we have to learn from anime shows annoyed \the louder you yell, the more powerful you are \\d-uh "
"if i can survive through finals   \\anything is possible "
"no lie, this week has been physically, mentally and emotionally draining   i've been stressed to the <propmale> and because of that, i haven't given nearly my all to the spiritual life   that caused fractures in faith too \\but tonight, thank god, i'm being healed again \and i'm not ashamed to admit it "
"1983 by neon trees\now that song is fun to play  laugh "
final lesson went great despite that we only had five seconds to teach it  laugh 
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you are living what you read, he flees!! and when you are about to re-post this message, he will try and discourage you  i defeated him!! copy and paste  smile "
only one real week of school left then finals!! how'd that happen???
my ear somehow just scared me 
is looking at <propfemale>   
"finals next week \\you people ready for this?!"
"one project and a final down annoyed two more and a portfolio to go "
my cat is fixing to die 
"it's just about a week til christmas!  o o that happened really, really fast "
"tomorrow is christmas eve \woah!  wait, i thought christmas was supposed to be slow!"
"for some reason it doesn't quite feel real    since christmas is getting faster these days apparently  laugh  anyway   \\i wish you <propfemale> christmas!"
just played half of a song without the tip of my drumstick before noticing it was missing  laugh dd new year's resolution?  use sticks that aren't so torn up   
"lost about three hours of my life on a game     that's because i died and forgot to save, and since rpgs from back in the day are so kindly toward players, i lost all the data   the sad thing is that i'll probably go back and do it all again  laugh "
thank god   thank him for what he's done   he performs miracles daily!
"the dentist's office is pretty boring d: hope to leave it soon! in the meantime, who will be at rev on friday   saturday?  laugh "
"grace can't be earned, or else it isn't grace anymore   god pours out his grace on us and gives unto us freely - his love and affection don't cost us anything   all we have to do is receive it "
"it's time to get serious   i've only got one life   no more messing around, starting tonight - i'm giving god everything   my heart, my mind, my soul, loving him with all my strength and spirit   his love will heal this family, this community, this parish, this state, the world!  we just have to hold on to it!"
i love sweet tart hearts   and the messages on them make me feel all special     laugh ddd
final fantasy x!  i wanna play more so badly!  ice roads ice
apparently our resident 13 year old is a genius  laugh dddddd
"what did the fish say when he accidentally swam into a concrete wall?\\\dam \"""""
"there is grace and forgiveness\mercy and healing\he'll meet you wherever you are "
system of nonlinear equations    oh how you taunt me!  30 minutes later and still no solution   
"i would totally dig a class where we studied <propfemale>, metroid and <propfirst>   i might even enjoy writing papers about those!"
so ready to be done with tomorrow!
"the power of the cross  is in the blood of christ\risen for us all  a spotless sacrifice\we have been redeemed   ransomed with his life   \\(can't remember any more of it, i have bad lyrical memory  laugh )\\they sing this song at alc, but i can't find it on the internet   anybody else know more about it?"
the best thing ever about playing drums?  you can sing as loud as you want when you practice!  and nobody has to hear you - not even you!  laugh 
"impossible system of equations    eek!  the hardest thing about calculus is the algebra!  calculus in itself is a breeze, actually  laugh "
"force field   aha   hah   hah \we shouldn't even start the conversation about what pop culture force fields are vs  what mathematic force fields are  laugh d"
learning things about physics i didn't know    some of this from math class and some of this from a particular coin   
time's ticking away!  love and worship god and live for him before it's said and done    life ain't long   
