32b28b615077ee4ff2a0280c48bc688d
something has changed within me  something is not the same  i'm through with playing by the rules  of someone else's game…think i'll try defying gravity
something is wrong   i'm scared  please pray
i think its a good day to read  smile 
hmmm    
on the job hunt again     annoyed 
i'm not going to sit around and wait anyomre 
my phone was dropped in a fountain   great 
time to tell me the truth to burden your mouth for what you say no pieces of paper in the way cause i cant continue pretending to choose the opposite sides on which we fall the loving you laters if at all no right minds could wrong be this many times
had a great day!  smile 
so good to finaly be home!
 smile 
auditions   hmm    
"now i’ve heard there was a secret chord that  <propfirst> played and it pleased the lord but you don’t really care for music, do you?"
its crazy how things change   lol  
hooked on fruits basket lol  smile 
no more fever!!! yeay!!!
musical this week!!! woot! woot!  smile 
3 2!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait until finals are over!!!
*snow*   everywhere
getting my wisdom teeth out this friday      kill me now  sad 
to be or not to be    that is the question
i karate chopped a stuffed animal on your car because big bird said to and he's my leader 
300 pgs  behind   i want to put the fountainhead through the paper shredder!!!
i met <propmale> roark     omg
<propfemale> weather
hmmmm    
opening night!!!!! woohoo
"now, now every children"
really needs something to go right today   
oh frabjous day! callooh! callay!
cant stop smiling  smile  hehe
dang   i haven't been on here for quite a while   i got a one at state! yeay!
"chill out, what you yellin' for? lay back, it's all been done before and if, you could only let it be you will see"
no more finals!!!
god knows what he's doing   i'm going to trust him
"q: when life gives you lemons   ?\\a) make lemonade\b) squeeze lemon juce on someones papercut\c) play catch with the lemon"
grad night was awesome! still trying to get used to my computer lol  playful 
 smile 
"and you think of all of the things you've seen,and you wish that you could live in between,and you're back again,only different than before,after the sky "
god keeps reminding me how much i have to be thankful for  smile 
the meteor shower was so cool! lol  smile 
dramatic weekend lol   
"washburn choir\women's ensemble\voice lessons\performance class\jazz ensemble\jazz combo\opera                  did i leave anything out? lol"
"what's in a name? that which we call a rose\by any other word would smell as sweet  smile "
faced with the unknown
knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness 
there are some slow people on i-70   
afternoon on a hill
good morning  smile  how do you like your eggs? lol
is going to go on tec   her roommate said so    wink 
"when your feeling low , lower than the floor  and you feel like you ain't got a <propmale>  don't make a move till your in the groove  and do the <propfirst> panda dance "
"ask to see the garden, then look up to note the large fanned window on the second floor   "
i wish it would rain   
perhaps   
sometimes you have to choose to smile  laugh 
good weekend  smile 
why is it that some people think being louder makes them sound more serious?     annoyed  rawr! you are just being obnoxious
thank goodness for thanksgiving break!!!
so tired   goodnight
music jury today!
magic  answer is    b!!!
is in kansas city
watching vespers!  laugh 
o o                                  seriously?
i want to go home   
"\i love you  love  mj\"" sticky note on the back of my door lol   i love you too  smile """
and so it begins 
 smile 
    so cold!  sad 
marco!          marco? *silence*    oh  sad 
and all that jazz!
paper to write   no rubric   ?
thank you everyone!  smile 
i have changed my mind  i love <propmale> crackers  smile 
it's beautiful outside!!! i love it  laugh 
life is full of surprises lol  laugh 
not a fan of writing papers   lol  playful 
