416c5a8121814a1ba25904c9c982ead4
loves soccer!
"had a water gun fight, and then it started raining so played in the rain!!!  smile "
had fun at guard!  smile 
needs to finish her stupid final speech  cant wait for summer school to be over!!!!!
misses everybody!  sad 
finally watched <propfemale> 
had fun at the cubs game!   smile 
watching the home run derby!  smile 
is bored 
finally got home from soccer camp 
"watched slumdog millionaire  yay, good movie!"
doesn't want to go into a super muddy corn field tomorrow   
guard camp!   smile 
excited about guard!!!
went to the dentist 
watching <propfemale> enchanted  haha
 smile 
going to guard!  smile 
first day of school! whoo!
that was a fun guard retreat! haha wow  luvin the videos  smile 
parade today  smile 
is tired   annoyed 
"\i dream of a better world where chickens can cross roads without having their motives questioned \""   smile """
is having issues with spanish   sad 
nervous for friday  annoyed 
tired but has to do stupid homework  and a ton of it   sad 
wants strawberry ice cream 
fun game!  smile 
trying to think of what picture to draw for the amendment picture project  hmmm   
really needs to clean her room   ugh 
soooooo tired   annoyed 
woodfield west party!  smile 
likes mexican food!
needs to find some yellow!
homecoming!  smile 
is tired  ha that was fun though  smile 
allerton was sooo much fun!!  smile 
first competition! wow    
guard i love you!!!  smile  we rock!
happy halloween!  smile 
3 day weekend! yay  smile  busy busy busy   
la la la
soccer tonight!!! yay
weekend!!! yes!
is likin drivin!
thanksgiving break!  smile  yea! no school haha
finally the weekend
sleepy  annoyed 
christmas!
jersey shore is such a crappy show 
doesn't feel like studying  sorry mr  seo! lol
babysitting and shopping!
bored! why did i do all of my homework on friday? i need something to do!! lol
i think i like not having school on tuesdays   
winter bible study weekend! winter formal! soccer game! valentines day! yayyy!
guard tryouts!  laugh 
glad february is over   rough month  time for soccer to finally begin!  laugh 
soccer tryouts  annoyed 
i hate my knee!!!
needs to dress up as <propfemale> kahlo tomorrow    this should be interesting 
<propfemale> pie  hahaha 
looong day! so excited for a soccer filled spring break! whoo!
exhausted!
i love my soccer team!  laugh 
soccer! yay!
stressssed out!
nice game!
finally!
"\funnest\"" night morning of my entire life  whoo!"""
doing my math homework makes me feel dumb  why do i not get this problem!?
"\a school teacher has a 90% <propmale> of getting sick from their students  a normal school year has 180 days  what is the probability that a teacher does not get sick?\""    ugh  what are n and x?"""
"went shopping today! its been too long! i've missed you, mall!"
"fell asleep like, 10 times during <propmale> python  how does that happen? no matter what movie is on, i always always always doze off  goodness gracious!"
i love mr  pirtle!
extremely busy week!
return of the <propfemale> splints    great  annoyed 
haha  shakesfest was absolutely hilarious! had <propfemale> much fun  smile 
<propfemale> exhausted  ughhh     annoyed 
actually ran today 
can't wait to see everyone's prom pictures!  smile       i need a life  wow 
could use an extra day of weekend   annoyed 
really doesn't feel like reading answering questions about <propmale> quixote  ugh     annoyed 
"ran at the trails, lifted, found a snake, caught kept 2 toads, cleaned bathrooms, did laundry, vacuumed, cleaned the gerbil cage, showered, relearned parade routine, walked  dog, watched sponge <propmale>, ate some <propmale> & cheese, went to walgreens, and took a nap  fun day! now time for shopping and homework   "
"awww, last soccer practice  sad   i'm gonna miss it!"
17-0! what more could you ask for?
big transition from soccer to guard  weird   
yucky   annoyed    agh  certain things just make me want to barf    ha 
very excited for next year  smile   apush is going to be fun!
is sick   great    
sooo overwhelmed by math!!!
enjoys running around outside at night 
"sorry mr  seo, i had a pretty fun weekend   "
aw  sad   i am going to miss jv soccer 
strangely enjoys hanging out in mr  seo's room for 4 hours!
ran in the dark  smile 
just got the sudden urge to play soccer  sad 
going swimming!  laugh 
hates getting sunburnt  *sigh*
went swimming!  smile 
such a boring day 
oooo! going to the pool again! (for the 5th time in 4 days!)
has been swimming sooo much!!! sooo glad school is over   smile 
exhausted 
home!
"got about halfway through chapter one's outline, and is already getting sick of it   annoyed   not good    i am never going to finish this!!!"
feels bad now   
sick
is off to colorado!
why does it have to rain?  sad 
paraguay scored!!!
absolutely hates switzerland 
hiking!
"maybe if the u s would start playing good soccer, i would cheer for my own country  untill then, go spain!  laugh "
misses mahomet  sad 
wants to go do something fun!
"covered in mud, sweating buckets, huge bruise on foot  =  playing soccer against dad and brother"
blagh   annoyed   so confused about everything! including computers   
stupid itunes!!!
whoo! dci!
soccer camp!!!  laugh 
"slide tackling, running through sprinklers, sleeping, eating chocolate cake, and playing soccer  good day!"
leaving for glcbs!  laugh 
is trying to play phase ten   
learned how to play twinkle twinkle little <propfemale> on the violin!  laugh 
i love <propfemale> and makyra  smile 
just swallowed a mosquito!
tie dye!  smile 
sad to be leaving   sad 
go spain!!!
lion <propmale> 1 1 2!
"had a fun night!!!  laugh     now, time to do some apush  *sigh*"
why is everyone gone!? agh  sooo bored   annoyed 
leaving for soccer camp     yikes 
is so happy to be home! that was a lot of soccer     playful 
lazy day
"must    resist    petting    rafiki! \\i hate allergies "
went car shopping!  laugh   great excuse to procrastinate on apush
"behind the wheel, then working on hw alllllll day "
eating a bowl of tuna by the spoonful  amazing 
sooo excited for guard camp!
had a blast at color guard! 2 more days!  smile 
hold life by the butt   smile 
"dug: hey, i know a joke! a squirrel walks up to a tree and says, \i forgot to store acorns for the winter and now i am dead \"" ha! it is funny because the squirrel gets dead  -- up!"""
so so bored  can't wait to see everyone at band camp!  smile 
who knew slip n slides could be so painful?
i actually thought i was going to get homework done this week      wow 
aghhh!!! xavi jersey!!! sooo freaking unbelievably excited!!! best birthday ever! whoo! thank you everyone  smile 
watching tv and going to sleep early!  smile 
"\if band was a sport it would be called soccer\""    what the heck <propmale>? hahaha"""
"so bored, can't sleep!"
"precalc\band\spanish 4\apush\ap bio\english 3 honors\study hall w  cdr"
license!!!
"ahhhhhh, raw fish  delicious  annoyed "
needs to stop procrastinating    4 more days  annoyed 
"finished chapter five! now, off to the guard pool party!  smile "
meeting my freshies tonight!  smile 
glad to know teachers care so much about their students   
"doing nails with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!"
hopefully <propmale> fall festival tomorrow!  smile 
going to <propmale>!!!
laying in bed all day  so tired!
"soccer, swimming, and mexican food  good day!"
*note to self: get out of bed when alarm goes off   annoyed  getting up 5 mins before you have to leave for school = bad news 
"this is sad  i'm done with homework, but can't think of anything better to do than study   annoyed   darn school "
cant sleep 
pretty much just laying in bed all day   playful 
"spent the day cleaning my car! it is now very shiny, and doesn't smell like smoke! whoo!"
"adios, soccer "
is watching horton hears a who!  smile 
needs caffeine   
"\willa cather\""    anyone want to trade? ha"""
life 
is tired of always being busy 
really needs to stop being an overachiever and just finish apush! argh 
"i can breathe! thank you, inhaler!"
<propfemale> really needs to stop snoring  i would like to get at least some sleep tonight  playful 
first soccer game tomorrow!!!  laugh  busy day!
i am excited for allerton because it will give me some time to relax  this is sad 
wow  i am pathetic 
chum is fum!
needs to stop procrastinating and finish homework  annoyed 
"awesome band performance, saw first shooting <propfemale> ever, and ate a delicious caramel apple at midnight  good day!"
playing soccer in guard make up  hah 
aghhh!!!!!!
one day of relaxation would be really nice right now 
kitchen table 
"i love you, band!  smile "
soooooo much to do! aghhhh!  annoyed   <propmale> year is crazy!
"whelp, goodbye latin sketches "
"needs to get used to this whole \bad grades\"" thing   """
is extremely out of shape    i guess color guard didn't quite cut it  haha 
mr  barnish is definitely the reason i am in band 
do apush homework? nah 
left my stupid apush book at school  great 
haunted houses are actually pretty fun when you walk through with your eyes closed!
misses doing chat rooms on aim  hah
gotta love cheap haircuts   annoyed 
"got slide tackled in the box and now has a swolen leg and bloody little cleat <propfirst>  of course, no pk  ha "
just wants to sleep 
going to practice my clarinet for the first time in a looooong time!
got locked out of the house with a pack of howling coyotes and the biggest spider i have ever seen 
too much homework for one night 
poor <propfirst> sumner 
3+4=8  playful 
does not particularly enjoy history 
"english test, apush quiz, precalc test, spanish quiz, chair test, and lab report  then finally, time to feast on turkey and pie!  laugh "
why do the bad things always happen to the good people?
"ahh, i love food   smile "
tangled is offically the cutest movie ever!!!  smile 
"30°, great weather for the run!"
dang apush 
verrrry sore 
finally got a new phone!!
"after doing like, 20 spanish assignments, i'm starting to appreciate english "
one more week   annoyed 
"after receiving about 20 million emails from saint <propfirst> university, i finally replied, asking what the heck a billiken was  apparently they will reply in 2-3 business days   playful "
one     more     day       annoyed 
"whoooo! winter break, baby!"
today after guard tryouts i went to walgreens and a man chewed me out for wearing shorts during the winter  it was kind of awkward 
sleeping while your dad and brother are watching football is next to impossible  might as well get on facebook 
sushi is sooooo good!
"5 lb ankle weights!!! welcome back, soccer muscle "
had a very nice <propmale> christmas  smile 
has been playing dance central alllllll day!
"spent the day e playful loring eastland mall with the cousins, and only spent $25!"
this school year really just needs to end 
"\ stop freaking betraying me i'm on your team!!!\"""""
is very nervous!
"winter formal is apparently in like, 3 weeks  crazy "
caffeine makes any amount of homework possible 
"i attempted to do my apush packet while laying in bed, listening to soft classical music  of course, i fell asleep "
these gravity stretch things kill!
bruises are so distracting!
is sooo burnt out on school 
four days of freedom!!!  laugh 
"too lazy to get out of bed, turn of lights, clean up, and lock the door  this is what happens when your parents fall asleep before your friends leave "
has nothing to do today    weird 
"unicorns, i love them  unicorns, i love them  uni uni unicorns, i love them  uni unicorns, i could pet one if they were really real  and they are! so i bought one so i could pet it  now it loves me, now i love it  la <propfemale> la la   "
is pretty darn good at hammering nails into the wall with a high heel!
"life has been pretty boring lately  eat, sleep, school "
gotta love dollar tree 
"hah, career interests? noooo idea "
"dangit, bears "
"why, yes, of course i am wearing pijamas to school tomorrow!"
"if apush was replaced with pe, and precalc didn't involve brainless homework    school would be the best thing ever!"
"hmmm   spend my saturday in sweatpants relaxing and watching movies, or go to winter formal   "
sick  of course 
i have never been this bored in my entire life 
should probably start that homework  hopefully there's a random ice storm tonight 
mmm    waking up at 4 am because i procrastinated for 3 days on homework    fun stuff 
gosh dangit 
"just in case i fall asleep doing homework, my alarm is being set to 4 surprise 0  that game was definitely not worth watching "
wayyy too much homework  i don't know how i'm going to survive during soccer season  sad 
boo science 
watching sagwa episodes on youtube  this is the life 
best day of apush ever!!!
"in the end, the greatest snowball isn't even a snowball at all  it's fear "
just realized soccer starts in 1 week  wow 
homework time  sad 
i wonder if teachers ever facebook their students   
poor <propmale>  sad 
<propmale> quijote was amazing!
soccer try outs!  laugh 
i love soccer practices! everyone trying out is so awesome! this is going to be a fun year   smile 
"you know you're a nerd when the first thing you think to youtube is \einstein's brain\"" """
is really bad at keeping papers short 
"is fighting to get through the week  so much to do, so little time "
isn't feeling so good  nap time 
"always gets sick at the most inconvenient times  a bunch of tests, english paper, first soccer game     sad   definitely can't afford to miss school "
<propfemale> mode    and guest 
lets go illini!
it's spring break   yet i still manage to spend my weekend doing nothing but homework 
"mr  bean's holiday taught me some french  smile   la mer= the sea  (actually, i had to google it   but the movie gave me the inspiration )"
no one likes kansas anyway 
is absolutely exhausted 
sushi time!
long bus ride= apush reading 
i need sleep 
bummer   annoyed 
