add8eb7dc6584752884ea531177a94ea
looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow
"time to go home, looking forward to going to dinner with my girlfriends!!"
enjoying a day off and some quiet time while the kids are swimming at mission pool 
"realized this morning that my daughter is visiting her dad, so i have to clean the bathroom  bummer!!"
"taking <propmale> to get a root canal, poor little guy  please keep him in your prayers  they are putting him under for the procedure "
"we had my older three kids' birthday party today  we planned a nice day at the park with an optional swimming session at the pool  figures it would be 68 and rainy  silly kids went swimming anyway, i sure hope they don't get sick "
"thank you to my two fabulous sisters, i had an awesome time at dinner tonight!!"
black
give it to me straight
i yelled at a ninja on your car because big bird said to and he's my leader 
<propfirst>
family fun night tonight!! shaggy dog is the movie  i hope the fact that i am seeing this movie as an adult doesn't ruin my childhood memories 
a little irritated
"girls night out tonight, woo hoo!! it has been a long week!!"
"heading to the rock and worship roadshow tonight, should be a lot of fun!!"
"happ administrative professionals day!!  lunch out with the girls and the boss, tough life, i know!!"
"april is cancer awareness month  in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer"
"getting ready to go to doggie court, is it weird that i am nervous??"
taking my girl out to lunch for her birthday and realizing how old i feel to have a daughter that is 17!!
"when you focus on the storm fear will overtake you, but when you focus on jesus faith will see you through"
playing softball with the youth group kids and then a lake day  hope the weather holds out!!
it's the most wonderful time of the year!!!
"i love my sisters! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this    sisters are a friend forever! put this on your status if you have sisters that are as amazing as <propfemale> and <propfemale> ?"
"<propmale> and <propmale> brought us coffee when they came back from lunch!! thanks guys, you're awesome!!"
i am sad for my daughters (and my) friends tonight  they are going through a very rough time  please pray god's will for thier family 
"the boyscouts are coming in today and <propmale> is going to teach them how to use fire extinguishers  he wouldn't let <propfemale> and i light him on fire so he could teach them stop, drop and roll    bummer"
"this is so sad: please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is no known cure and sympathy does not help  but we       can raise awareness, 93% won't post because they don't know how to copy and paste  so sad !!"
<propfirst> wouldn't get out of the car this morning  she gave me every excuse in the book as to why she couldn't go to school  she even offered to come to work with me and do my filing  she got a little more motivated when i got out of the car and threatened to go get a custodian to <propfemale> her in kicking and screaming  lol
"i have no fear of drowning, it's the breathing that's taking all this work"
had a great day  <propfirst> and <propfemale> went to first service so they could decorate the house while i was at second service  they are so awesome!! i am blessed to have them  love you guys
national weather service issued a blizzard watch for spokane from 7pm-10am tomorrow  that should be fun  sad    be careful everyone
"\god rest ye <propfemale> gentlemen let nothing you dismay  remember christ our savior was born on christmas day  to save us all from satan's power when we had gone astray  oh tidings of comfort and joy!!\"""""
i have no friends!!
i am extremely excited for winter camp today!!
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"<propmale> has strep throat, poor guy  thank goodness i had the sense to take him to the dr yesterday so he only had to suffer for one day and he will no longer be contagious at 4 smile 0  now i'm hoping the rest of us don't get it!!"
now <propfirst> has bronchitis and a possible ear sinus infection  my kids are getting slammed  poor little guys!!  sad *
is super excited to meet my nephew    c'mon july!!!
"if only you could see me yesterday \who i used to be before the change \you’d see a broken heart \you’d see the battle scars \it’s funny how words can’t e playful lain \how good it feels to finally break the chains \i’m not what i have done \i’m what i’ve overcome"
