a1729715e8f821d695803e9164ecfdfd
"i'm sorry that i must be leaving you, i must not look back, for if i do, i may not move on  you call my name but i march on, henceforth  freedom, <propfemale> and justice are at stake, i must go to stop it; to crush it; to kill it  when freedom itself is ensla"
"just hooked up his laptop to a new hdtv, great picture "
"is taking apart a large projection television with only a screw driver, and is also watching ghostbusters  great movie!"
has fireworks and is therefore happy  i wonder if i aim them at       playful 
has fireworks and is therefore happy  i wonder what would happen if i combined them and used my asian skills to make them more powerful      playful 
is at the high school for a meeting 
"is annoyed at life and people  i wish that life had a pause button  \a generation lost in space \"""""
is bored 
"wakes up in the morning, does his teeth, bite to eat and he's rolling, never changes a thing, the week ends the week begins "
"used to rule the world, seas would rise when i gave the word, now in the morning i sleep alone, sweep the streets i used to own "
is awaiting his blood-work results 
"is wondering was that thunder, or a nuclear e playful losion?"
"is wondering if that thunder, or a nuclear e playful losion?"
"just realized how much people don't appreciate their lives  things that should never happen, i have seen  god help us, god help us all "
"is trying to draw a portrait of himself, it's not bad, but it could use some color  laugh   right now i'm just a white guy with slanted eyes "
"is trying to draw a portrait of himself, it's not bad, but it could use some color and some other details  right now i'm just a white guy with slanted eyes "
"is annoyed  every time i try to post my schedule i can't find it, and when i find it, i'm busy with something else!!!"
"is somewhat ready for school, i could deal with school if homework didn't exist "
"thinks he might of volunteered for too much this year, well we'll see if it all comes crashing down on me "
has a new profile picture!
"remember spirit wear tomorrow guys! there's a message being sent out about it,     now i'm late for play practice   "
"you laugh now, but i'll be your boss later "
attention: you just lost the game  thank you that is all 
"just uploaded a new album, the history of <propfirst> part 1, a lot of pictures when i was young, good times  check it out"
"just uploaded a new album, the history of <propfirst> part 1, a lot of pictures when i was young, good times  check it out  and i got a new profile picture lol "
can't look at his new profile picture without either laughing or having a flash back  i love going through old pictures and putting them on facebook  playful 
"looks in the mirror and doesn't see much  people tell me how smart i am and how ______ i am and etc, but i don't see it  confidence is just a game we play, self-doubt and the unknown are the way of life "
"can't we give ourselves one more <propmale>, why can't we give love that one more <propmale>, why can't we give love give love give love give love give love give love give love give love give love 'cause love's such an old fashioned word and love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night and love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves"
's backspace key has died 
"hopes everyone that saw stage door was pleased, and now i feel like crap lol"
"had something important to do and just forgot  anyway, anyone interested in doing improv for v-show? comment "
"can we have an 8 hour delay instead? i guess two hour delay is better then nothing, but everyone rather have the day off  and now everyone is going to be in a bad mood all day, lovely "
is anxiously awaiting the practices and the cast list for wizard of oz!
2 hour delay!
the cast list for musical is up!
"thinks the mn course selection guide is just stupid  \marple newtown digging our way to hell!\"" should be the caption """
"hey sophomores! what is a good design for our spirit wear? i am going to start designs now, so that way our <propmale> year looks awesome  and not just some orange or white blob on a shirt  so what do you think?"
"some days all of it just hits the fan, doesn't it?"
how many people does it take to figure out the meaning of life?
"<propfirst>'s day, that special awkward time of the year for single people! woo  so what's up facebook?"
loves the who!
"if the grass is greener on the other side, why the hell am i on this side? and if i can't get to the other side, stop telling me there's a better place "
should be asleep 
"is  gonna go on an ad run today, i guess  anyone interested, or need help or etc?"
is feeling depressed 
has off from school because of wind? or maybe it's the inch of snow?
"has howanskinitis b, and is already missing my woz family!"
is feeling horribly sick 
is playing pokemon!
just heard a song and thought it was a girl singing    apparently it was <propfirst> bieber  whoops 
"had an awesome adventure with <propfirst> mccauley, tibor <propfemale> molnar, and <propfirst> furey and we even managed to help a lady who's car was stuck in the mud "
"when i find myself in times of trouble, i have no idea what to do  sometimes i wish mother <propfirst> would come to me, and  speak those words of wisdom "
"is wondering if it is worth it  is going through pain and hardship outweighed by the good times in life? or are we in just some cruel, biased and evil world?"
"hey, don't write yourself off yet  it's only in your head you feel left out, or looked down on  just try your best, try everything you can  and don't you worry what they tell themselves when you're away "
"loves the dvd of wizard of oz so far, although some shots of me aren't great lol "
"is tired  great coffee house tonight! great job  wil kauffman , <propfirst> maslin , <propfemale> kojouri, <propfirst> demonde, <propfemale> <propfemale> miller, <propmale> shapiro and everyone else, since facebook won't let me tag all of you!"
finally fixed an error on his computer that has been bothering him since the day he bought it 
"is enjoying life, the best kind of days  http annoyed  formspring me jjhowanski"
"it's something unpredictable, but in the end  it's right  i hope you had the time of your life   http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski"
"i feel stressed out, i wanna let it go, lets go  way out spaced out, and loosing all control  i gotta feeling that  tonight’s gonna be a good night  http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski "
"whatever happened to the fairness in  equality, instead in spreading love we spreading animosity, lack of understanding, leading lives away from unity, that's the reason why sometimes i'm feelin' under, that's the reason why sometimes i'm feelin' down, there's no wonder why sometimes i'm feelin' under  http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski "
"tired, dead tired   http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski "
"new profile picture, no it's not cancer  http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski "
"life needs less drama, idoicy, hipocracy and more tact and understanding  i finally realized, if you are always there for others, they'll never learn, respect or nothing  http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski"
"thou whoreson mandrake, thou <propmale> fitter to be worn in my\ cap than to wait at my heels  http annoyed  www formspring me jjhowanski"
"so i heard if you put link in your status, you \get 50 comments about how it's a cult and a bunch of other arguementative\comments  hmmm      *cough* link *cough*"
"any of you have fable 2 for 360? i need a \little assistance  laugh "
"missed a lot in school, apparently "
coming in today 
just watched pulp fiction for the first time  damn 
"thanks to all those who voted  congrads to my fellow officers: <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propmale>  and good job <propfirst> downey, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> yau and <propfemale> ding!"
"if you like this status, i'll post on your wall \something i like about you  make this your status if you want a \challenge "
"some men \aren't looking for anything logical  they can't be bought, bullied, \reasoned, or negotiated with  some men just want to watch the world \burn "
"is fairly set, at least for now, on becoming an officer in the usaf "
hates final exams sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much 
yankees      damnit
i woke up and thought    school     damn    then i thought saturday    woo    then i thought summer    and went back to sleep 
is back from disney world 
is off to get his tonsils removed 
has an interview for a job!
just got a new phone  htc evo  perfection 
is at the beach 
"i wonder if <propfirst> chen will comment on this, i won't even tag him  oh and you just lost the game, if you are playing the game that is  i know i also lost the game "
attention all <propmale> students: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wwow63pnd2s
"saw inception  so if my dream is in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream, can i still dream inside that dream? or do i have to deal with <propmale>'s crazy wife? and what if i go into a coma in a dream?"
bought a new fedora 
"we could steal time   just for one day  we could be heroes, forever and ever!"
(insert status that encourages 'likes' here)
phillies
phillies game
rock band 2 has lady gaga 
"look at your status  now back to mine  now back to yours  now back to \mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other \things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down  \back up  where are you?          you're on facebook, reading the status \your status could be like! anything is possible when your facebook \status looks like this one1   "
you can now call people from your computer using your gmail account 
is trying to organize 6547 emails     
"one man, 5 days, 7 books, and a project      "
finished house on mango street in an hour 
is going to be at work from 4 - 10 
"one man, 4 days, 3 books and a project    bam  4 books in a day "
marple is proposing a new policy that requires uniforms  here are the proposed uniforms: http annoyed  rivesjm files wordpress com 2008 07 picture-1 png
"dear marple, you can have my locker after i'm done with it  until then please direct any freshmen to the multiple empty lockers  i'm not moving my stuff to a new hallway which is so far away from my homeroom that it would guarantee me being late to sloat  thanks \\p s  by trying to force me out of my locker, you just failed to reach the e playful ectations i set for you "
"nicht lesen können meinen, nicht lesen können mein , nein, er kann nicht lesen mein pokerface "
working til 10 
should i wear a suit for school pictures tomorrow?
football game      i think    please don't rain 
"read an article on \how to stop feeling self conscious\""      now i'm even more self conscious   """
"you're the saddest bunch i ever met, but you can bet before we're through, mister, i'll make a man out of you!"
has a misaligned spine and neck which is causing back pain  yay chiropractors 
<propfirst> <propfemale>
is doing all the things he put off    well    is considering doing those things 
"looking for some new bands to listen to, any suggestions? open to anything "
is hungry 
"it is 11 days, 17 hours, 14 minutes and 15 seconds until monday, november 1, 2010 (new york time)"
ugh  tired  ugh 
"is gonna answer all the birthday wishes, meanwhile thanks for them all!"
i feel like i'm standing still and the world is speeding past 
snow on thanksgiving! happy thanksgiving facebook 
"what is this? i didn't switch to the \new and improved\"" facebook profile    well back to writing my paper """
who's not ready for school? me 
isn't sure if he is going to do musical 
can't decide whether to drop out or not   
hot pockets  <propfirst> muehlheuser <propfirst> finley <propfirst> schneider
waiting for my frozen ipod to die  my battery usually lasts for around 15 days    
didn't realize foursquare posted to facebook 
"i meant to rest my eyes not take a nap, but at least naps are so refreshing "
almost died going to my bus stop    and then found out that there was no school  it was worth it 
remember the good ol' days when shampoo didn't burn your retinas out?
"i'm in memphis, sorry i'm not there to to crack jokes <propmale> farber"
likes rap? <propmale> farber
hates <propmale> ceritano a lot 
"so of the 144 hours of this week so far, i've spent about 80 hours in marple newtown high school "
"after playing <propmale> ceritano in the <propmale> skit, i can die happy  playful "
"phillies game was fun, starting the season off strong!"
i was gonna upload all my pictures but instead i decided to save myself the 100 hours it would have taken 
