a8601c04ff6cdf1dcba1bc123d1b7fe7
layin' on hospital couch is tiring   but sometimes it must be done when someone you care about is in the bed    
in my element   livin in the night   
vacation is over & i am job hunting once again    gotta love it   
its nice to watch the grass grow   
filling out applications can be fun   who ever said you have to be serious about them?
funny how we al-ways go full circle in life   beginning to feel like a dog chasing its tail   
whew   lots of pictures   guess i did not dodge the camera enough when i was younger    
"anyone think going to school and having the same classes as your significant other is sucha bad idea?  any one with this e playful erience?  on the plus side i'd at least have a study partner and ride to school, but are there any down sides?"
need a new yankees hat   
"ups job:  -1 degrees f  home:  -8 degrees f here in bend, oregon with 5 mph winds making it feel like -11  paper route:  -7 degrees f , 5 mph winds, feeling like -10  i love my jobs   i really do!  but sometimes its hell frozen over!"
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!  especialy the weird people   normal people just frustrate me 
"feels more love was given this christmas season than gifts   41 people showing love, 14 gifts   i appreciate everone of you in my life, your all in my thoughts even though i may not always say it!"
silver
without the tools the brakes are gonna stay broken  *sigh*
<propmale> harshfield bud   your one of those people in life that don't have just one soulmate you have many you find as you journey through life   you have a lotta love man   keep it rollin    
vacation is dull when its unplanned   anyone up for beer pizza and bowling on sunday?  got a cupon for 3 people to have 1 free game each   becca and i are going  anyone care to join us?   
ugghhh!!!  i need something to do      cleaning house doesn't seem appealing at the moment     
learning from other peoples mistakes    and making my own in the process  
"this is staring to feel like a game of some sort   life just keeps rolling the dice, and the majority of days turns so far is good enough to keep me playing   soon the losses will be to great or annoying enough to force me to move on to better things  i am laid off once again   only time will tell   "
i am stuck     adventure or stability   i have always loved the nervous thrill of doing anything unknown and basking in the moment   but stability is something i want right now because my other half needs it   i love where we are now  but breaking away now could upset what has been so hard to build   i am stuck   
"mmmmm, coffee    coconut and white chocolate mocha, 6 shot regular espresso  - snack  bbq steak pizza and black butte <propmale>  - dinner being laid off is weight gainer   =p"
"who loves the snow?  who hates the snow?  is it weird that i like driving in it, but hate having it around?"
"<propfemale> estes, <propmale> miller, & <propfemale> caswell (tyrel too):  we should all go to one gym and create a work-out group   with a larger group we may not over do ourselves and get results   i need help and guidance, plus a kick in the butt every now and then   tell me if your in "
ok now which one of you is mom and which one is dad   or did you just forget your login and make a new one? <propfirst> richmond <propmale> richmond
how did i start out like that and end up like this?
how can we live so close yet be so distant?  alone i feel   
"is in a state of change once again   internet will be gone along with all the movies, shows, and games that distract from lifes journey   new goals:  pushing exercise, breaking out of hermit mode, hanging out with friends, & motivating wonderful wife to do the same "
"physicaly tensed, mentaly exhausted, emotionaly numb, spiritually lingering   sometimes i wonder how i manage to continue  "
thanks for all the bday wishes!  time to get wasted now 
is a cold hearted bastard 
is wondering when the crash will happen 
has special effects blue <propfemale> in his hair but instead of being the dark blue he wanted its a <propfemale> with a hint of blue  yuck - going nuclear red instead 
waiting for something to happen sucks   hope i get my jitterbug(jetta) back today!
keeps getting annoyed with everything 
ideas   lots of ideas   
"clean-cut, shaved, and ready for today "
is home after his first day in the ups office   good bye trucks and trailers 
what a head-rush! i dont recommend playing online for an hour while sitting on the couch upside down 
next on the list is to get neutered   not me! the cat    
yay! found me some jncos again! been ages!
"feels the us is no longer safe and secure   safety failures in many <propmale> industries  borders and forieners are able to bypass background checks untill its too late  disasters affecting 10s of millions of people in the public   solutions i see are bad and include cover ups, band aids on a shotgun wound, risking public lives, misinforming the public, and not actually enforcing decisions "
"just woke up from a 12 hour nap   i must have needed it, but the day is gone  and its almost paper route time again   "
another 4th of july weekend alone at home   need to get out of the house tomorrow   now what to do?
"falling behind on sleep again, but getting things that needed finishing done "
so tired   
"mmmm, burgers an beer today   corn dogs at the fair tomorrow   turning out to be a good weekend!"
friday's gone! now its the weekend!
i should cut the grass but i'll just water it more instead   tomorrow will be yard work and car vacuum day 
after cutting back on carbs and meats i get cold easier   strange i tell you 
third day i rode my bike and already have a ding in it   stupid water bottle 
just bought a gallon of jojoba oil   not sure if i need that much but i will find something to do with it 
what are we doing this year for christmas?  same as last year or something different?
reading the spanish to english dictionary   i must be bored 
