0b2ac76cbfb734d39ed2ecd49a1911cc
"i know i didn't drink that much on nye, so i think it was the food  i feel like my head may never spot spinning and my stomach is well     in repair "
this week is a tight schedule  i will have to be crafty if i want to make it all happen    
gloomy days make me feel better about working all day on a sat 
"is going to make someone very happy tonight with a good ol' fashion'd deep tissue massage  and ppl call this work, pshht! baby s*#@    lols~!"
good night ppl   hope ur all dreaming of happy thoughts    !
this day feels like the calm b4 a really big storm 
thinks his talk of <propfemale> weather is nonsense   
going out to shoot some pool with my homies     njoy ur evening ppl!
happy 4th of july                     cheers to all my friends!
today my ppl     was a very good day 
is craziness            
"wow   this week has really shed light on how life really throws you into a tailspin, of course in a good way  i only hope i made as good impressions on the others as they did on me! peace out yo's!!"
"i just saw public enemy, i thought it was fantastic! great cinematography and chicago looks amazing as always  >>!"
at home chillin'    
"at 12 smile 5am this morning      my cat <propmale> passed away          sad      it happened out of nowhere, and i think sucks the big wtf right now! he was 3 years old "
"the body can only handle so much stress before it starts to falter  sore throats are just the beginning, hope this passes quickly!"
anyone want to come over and do my laundry? i'm have decided that i'm too comfy sitting on the couch to get things done~!
"the dead weather are freakin' amazing~! their live show was outstanding, a great sound that really gets you foot stompin'! checkem' out stat!"
"sad to see good ppl move away, yet always glad to meet new (i e  attractive single) ppl as well! maybe i will see her again    "
good morning ppl    
finding that next step     hopefully quickly!
has been at work since 6 smile 0 am  will i ever get use to this?
needs sleep    and a massage  stat!
has ne 1 seen the show the million dollar quartet at the apollo theatre? going tomorrow night an want to know the consensus!
up and going to work    yes right now is my departure to a job 
go see the million dollar quartet at the apollo theatre! <propfemale> freakin good!!!
"off to wi, hope traffic is smooth sailing!  wink "
"tonight, beethoven in millenium park    i'm excited!"
pushing through a decent day at work and then maybe the second half of da bears game!
"oh man    i have to wait till the 28th of august to see \it might get loud\""     damnit! i thought i could see it today! errr      """
"oh     boy, back to having boys instead of just boy     lets hope this goes well      "
going to kuma's corner for lunch today!
"so, sad to say, i went to the \it might get loud\"" movie by myself      it was a great flick """
go bears! down with mcdaniels    
"taking days off feels good, wish i wasn't dealing with a sore low back though       sad "
i've made cookies   who wants some?!
"yeah, rookie of the year on my fantasy football league  i'm predicting it!!"
so nice to be chillin   
"wants to know where the summer weather was, cuz it never came to chicago          sad "
"onto my second job, hope everyone else is rolling along smoothly in there day!"
i kind of get to sleep in tomorrow    which really means 6am! i'm stoaked 
"home for the night    tired and a lil under the weather  sleep is what the dr  ordered i think for me, or at least thats what i'm telling myself "
"hoping the work day goes by quick, then off to a rockstar b-day party!"
"fall is here and the change is nice  at least we can say fall feels like fall, cuz summer just never showed its true colors "
"rain, cold rain    at least its not snowing   gulp    did i just saw a 4 letter word?! shit! doh! i did it agian!"
home from work and i don't have to be up super early! i will really njoy this week off from 4 smile 0 am wake ups!!!
it feels so weird to have an entire day of no work     i think i need to put that as a standard in my life 
its actually a really nice fall day    go out an njoy it ppl!
i'm hoping for a really busy day at work  i know that will make it go by very quickly or at least as fast as you can make an 11 hour day go by     
building managements sucks! who gives a tenant less than 24hrs to move an entire livingroom!!! and i have to live with the construction mess too    guess who'll have to clean that up too?   errr    this is why i've moved <propfemale> much over the years     really crappy management 
my apt is officially tore the #@$! up! i really can't stand this crap    why do ppl have to be unprofessional?!
"my place in back in order, and i've had it shined up! although i've lost space, the change on layout is welcomed  just didn't wish to have the invasion of strangers rummaging through all my stuff "
"who wants to check out the band the <propfemale> and bumpus? this sunday, the <propfemale> 10 31 2009 8 surprise 0 pm at the elbo room w  bumpus & blue <propfemale> revue 2871 n  <propmale> ave , chicago, illinois 60657 cost: $10 drop me a txt     "
at work and counting day 1 of a 21 day cleanse  so far so good 
"ok, so day 1 in the bag  three shakes, two hard boiled eggs and some supplements  i definitely need to find more food in my day  just wasn't enough  i will try some more veggies tomorrow in between shakes! all in all, not bad at all  i look forward to how my body will feel in two weeks     "
"day 2 is winding down  i've had a lingering head ache all day    its not horrible, but i def know its there  after a massage trade, i feel better  the headache has dulled a bit  gonna cook some chichen breast and get ready for tomorrow!"
days 3 &4 went ok     pretty strong headaches  day 5 is great  no headache and my energy has level'd off! just need to plan well for this weekend being that i won't be at home to make shakes     i'll have to premake and bring to urban  definitely nice to have a whole foods a block from work 
"wow, first week in the books! i feel pretty good and no ppl, i'm not starving  actually, the hardest part of this cleanse is the prep for each meal throughout the week  i need to really cook at home! coming from a single guy, this is a <propmale> step! (i have the worst eating habits known to man) onto the second week!!"
my lunch on the cleanse today was      pan seared salmon w  brown rice and steamed asparagus  i made it myself btw  very tasty!!
"day 12, in less than two weeks i have lost 8 lbs  i still have 9 more days to go  this is a really great way to make your body feel better, your mind more clear and even out energy levels! so glad i'm sticking this out!! i'm also finding that i can cook and that i might invite some lucky friends over to njoy with me! who will it be!?"
"day 14, so through my deligence of sticking to the program, i have not wavered  i can say truthfully though, i want pizza~!!! but alass, i still have one more week  here's to joining a gym i will actually work out at instead of just belonging to one!"
"day 16 and i feel great  not hungry without a craving so far  i believe craves will come and go, so till the next one     i'm good  hope all is well is everyone! ttys "
"day 17, get a load of this        as of today, in less than three weeks i've lost a total of 12lbs        nice! can't wait to start my workout routine this week!"
"day 19, simply put, i feel great  sunday is the official last day and now i i have to figure out what to eat without going back to my old habits     friends please send me any of your favorite healthy receipies!!"
"day 20, not bad     i could see myself doing this couple times a year! got one more day! can't wait to start cooking for myself  and where are some reciepies my friends! get on it and send me some!"
"day 22  the cleanse is officially over  drum roll please      16 lbs, yes 16lbs in 3 weeks is my total weight loss! of course i feel great and even better i've generated a bit a my cooking passion back into my life! can't wait to start cookin' at home  i also start working out today, this is my next challenge  to start working out at least 3 x's a week minimum "
"just worked out, 30 mins cardio and upper body weights! till tues     then hit the gym agian!"
"correction on that last update, tues is my off day  till wednesday!"
"btw ppl, i'm not taking a day off from the gym    two days in a row     awww yeah   "
my tri's and pec's feel like fast drying cement setting up  i'm pretty sore and     strangely it feels good  more cardio tonight and some squats i think 
"hello ppl, i have my pasta sauce on simmer and meatballs are done! this lasagne is gonna kick ass! >)"
my lasagne is in the oven and i hope i had enough of sauce  i don't want it to be too dry!
"monday, back to the workout routine  i started this week out with 30 mins of cardio and i think i might do 30 more tonight "
had my bet run in this afternoon along with weights for the biceps an shoulders  i feel great!! can't wait to see how this pans out after a month of cranking out good routines!
caught a great stride today on the treadmill  i would have stayed there for an hour had i not had to be back at work! instead stayed 45 mins and then lifted  chest muscles might <propfemale> lil' sore tomorrow     hope all is well in everyones' life today
"one week from tomorrow and i'll be in fl, i can't wait for warm weather!! <propmale> and <propfemale> i can't even begin to think what it would be like if u got married here in chicago right now!"
leavin' for fl tomorrow morn     an can't wait! i think i will bring flip flops    booking a massage at some point as well  i need one badly!
"back to reality, actually fl was kool, but kinda happy to be home  minus the snow dropping on us right now   heh "
"the pics from fl, awesome! go <propmale> & <propfemale>!!!!"
this year has just swept by and believe that i need to make the new year count like no other  anyone else with me on that one?
"for lunch    gooey see <propfemale>, gotta love thai food    nom nom nom    "
how is everyone feeling this morning? who has a good story to tell from last night?
"hey friends, how's the new year treating everyone!?"
"well, today started a mini cleanse  just 7 days  back to three shakes a day and all the veggies i can eat  i definitely feel the need to do this agian since the debauchery on nye  detox here i come!"
"day 3, business as usual  just raw veggies and my very tasty shakes  this is a cake walk compaired to the last 7 seven days i started this "
"life is good! chicago, is cold  i'll try an focus on the good stuff     "
"lots of work, and i'm not bent out of shape about it   let the normal times roll    "
need sleep    please     help    
"fyi, you can get the program from the chiropractor i work for! just send me a msg on fb    smile "
one month as of yesterday    wow does time fly when your having fun with a special person!  smile 
"well, my first valetine's day that wasn't stressful! everything went smooth   !"
so     being on a island off the coast of mexico is awesome! wish everyone great weather where ever you are  i forgot my camera adapter so no pics till i get home  sad  massage in the am and plenty of trouble to find     muahahahah     
man this place is pretty kool    weather has been mild  today is cloudy with a very strong breeze  hope the sun is hot enough to get more color  i'll be thinking of all my pals while i'm sitting by the pool side this afternoon    ttyl
"dinner was absolutely splendid! i had grouper sauteed in garlic with seasoned veggies with rice  this can quite possibly be the best dish i've ever had! <propfemale>, my gf, had arrecherra seasoned beef with steamed catus and refried bean and quac! damn, this place was great! it was called mogagau and they had kick ass mojitos   damn    good      smile "
damn it! i now am a lucky owner of sunburn! losing track of time reading a book under an umbrella no less  i knew books were bad for u     doh!
"i'm still not comfortable with how red i am  after some lounging in a giant palapa with the gf and a swim in the pool, i feel refreshed and ready to tool around the island  tonight, we're off to an argentinian resturant for dinner  i believe grilled lobster is in my near future          smile "
"drunk and sunburn'd, when all is said an done  this will go down as the best vacation ever! i hope you all n'joy the updates and except me, redness and all!"
"my last full day on this island    truth be told, i'm kinda ready  if i didn't have a care in the world, i'd stay for a bit longer  and, since i'm not a trust-fund baby, i have plenty of cares  hope everyone is doin' great! see ya soon!"
"man that was a crazy last night! more like creepy man slamming doors all night  i didn't get a bit a sleep! errr, fucking lunatics!"
back to reality  its very comforting to be back in chi-town  the weather seems to be getting better!
"so, please check out my pics from mexico! <propfemale> and i had a freakin' great time   ! a big thanks to <propfemale> and <propfirst> for watching <propmale> while i was away! great job!"
pickin' up the gf at o'hare  can u say delay    blah to the rainy weather 
"good morning, rock it out ppl!"
chillin' at home with the lil' guy <propmale> tonight 
"to everyone who gave me b-day wishes, awesome! i worked till 6pm last night, then, my gf took me out to a wonderful dinner at my favorite resturant cafe' 28 here in chicago! can u say <propfemale> jelapenos  pork chops r friggin amazing !!!!"
i want the warm weather  asap 
not a great day     
"officailly, as of today, i will be moving yet again  june will be my last month living in evanston  i can't wait to say i live in chicago again  my building managenment have been unruly and unrespectful  chicago, i'm coming back!"
"my new neighboorhood in chicago will be the goldcoast! but, i will be down sizing to a studio from a one bedroom    "
man this weather today totally crapped my moving day!
"holy crapola!! finally moved in! chicago i'm back! no more of that suburb blahhh     and on a side note, robinson rentals in evanston can go to hell    just saying "
"to all my iphone facebook friends, get the words with friends app and find me! scrabble-ish kinda game for all you wordsmiths "
i hate parking tickets  $50 00 down the drain    
going to meet my dad  later peeps     
argyle stop on the red line brings back old memories of living here  long live pho'!
"oh boy, fantasy football is in full throttle      here's to all the jackass's i have to put up with this football season!  go bears     !"
is going to bed  gn     !
had a sprinkles cupcakes today    awesomeness    !
"well, this day was coming as i knew it would  i have a sprain of my left thumb and will be out of order for 4-6 weeks! till then i have to wear a brace  super big bummer     "
waiting on ppl  pushing ppl to get things done  it's a constant job of keeping on task so that you move forward toward your goal  <propfemale> up ppl  !
"well, its lots of fun doing laundry! who's with me!!     (crickets chirping)      "
i'll take the win chicago      but it was ugly to say the least!
why is it i have to live by their rules    ? mine are so much better!
bears fans      we have liftoff!!!!! woooow! romo who?
wonders of a 2 hour walk along lake shore drive! my legs will be like cement tomorrow     next will be running a couple <propmale>    
"it's official, i'm now in a brace for my thumb  three weeks in this  cheers to the healing process!"
good morning!
what are my fb peeps up too this day today?
such a nice day out today!
is waiting for this damn thumb to heal!
i had mini bratwursts and spatzle for lunch! so good! now i may walk over to sprinkles! i have too much time to get into trouble 
hope all my urbanites r having a great work day! miss u all! off to breakfast 
"off to spent the weekend in wi, got to love family  even better when i get to rub it in packer fans faces' that the ßears are 3-0!!!!! life is good!"
damn offensive lines     damn <propfirst> martz! really had to give up 9 sacks to one qb? sucks the big one~!
"ok, need ideas on how to reinvent ones' self so that he she could better the people around them? this is for a \friend\"" of mine      only serious posts please     go!"""
whats everybody gonna be for halloween!?!
dream big ppl     
starbucks and free internet      made possible by satan        > wink 
"going to see wall street tonight, hope its good!"
go <propfirst> & <propfemale>!!!!!!
"like an avalanche, my thoughts rush down the mountain, with no direction  can i get some direction please?!"
the people that elect politicians into office should have a grading scale so that when a politician attacks their opponent they loose points in the race! so at the end of the race you have a number added minuses from the points they gathered by actually taking on important issues!
"then we as a the voter can reduce the buyers remorse we have at the end \of their term  here in chicago, politicians seem to find a way to point a\ finger only to get elected and then go corrupt     "
to all my massage therapists out there      why did you become a massage therapist!?!
go ßears! hope we get a sturdy o-line today!
"tomorrow starts my pt, i can't wait to get back to working as a massage therapist! agian>>>>>!"
good stuff 
when was the last time you had lucky charms!?!
good night all     
"it's massage therapy awareness week  in light of some chicago discrimination against my profession this year, i would like to make sure\ my fb friends are <propfemale> clear on a few things annoyed \masseuse  masseur = code for \prostitute  please do not use this term any more  \\massage parlour = code\ for brothel  never let me hear you refer       to my industry as this "
wow! halloween already!!!
sup friends? it's the middle of the week! keep up the good work!
"i have baked cookies ppl      the smell is probably driving my neighbors crazy! sooo, good!"
   and like that  they're gone     the buttery goodness    
a monster head cold ninja'd me yesterday      and is still kicking my ass      
all the hard work put in with the pt is helping  wish me luck as the 27th of nov  will be my first shift back working in over three months! i still have some healing to do though     so i guess i will need some <propfemale> 
off to see <propmale> potter     
"damn, i wanted the vikes to win today!"
it's gonna be a kuma night ppl      wahh hooo!
"big destroyer, and a kuma burger were annihilated last night  but the <propmale> n cheese with bacon and mushrooms was the perfect pregame appetizer! damn i  love  kuma's!"
"roasted turkey and football, who can do better than that   !?!"
"who feels like the turkey from yesterday? cuz, i'm stuffed!"
"getting\ back to work today after a three month rehab stink for my thumb  thanks\ for all the support from friends and  family! i'm super excited to be \back working!"
funny thing happen'd after i survive'd my first day back at work  my injure'd thumb didn't fall off! sweet    
go ßears!! packers suck!!!!
some1 shook up chicago's snow globe this morning    ah yes winter   winter    
to a fresh day ahead of us  careful ppl  mercury is getting ready for its move backwards  travel safe  theres crazy ppl out there    
best buy has lost a true believer! not one downtown store had a midnight release for my guilty pleasure     so sad        sad 
wow is great!
"feels good to say, i'm back to 100%!"
living in chicago you often ask yourself one question  what temperature of cold will it take for me to move to a warm weather climate?
"xmas with my parents, they try my patients ever year  some years more than others  cheers to family bonding    "
go bears!!!!!!!
"hope everyone has a great new year's <propfemale>, and channel your inner rock <propfemale> on friday night! be safe "
thank god for martini's 
"i'm not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy     will be without money  i can't let that person be me! what the heck-it cant hurt       amen friend!"
the devil made me do it     
"i'm looking to give away a palm 680 that is for the at&t network  if any of you fb ppl are interested, please msg my fb!"
"be cool ppl, its the weekend  find some fun!"
its only wednesday and damnit i can't wait to watch the ßears game!
can't wait!
how a great sunday night can make u look at mondays in a better light!
damn cold outside!
