c39591f635b899ed90b8fb92064788b6
"loves, loves, loves lazy saturdays!!"
"trying to study, it never seems to work out very well   "
2 finals today and then i'm free!!! at least for the next month anyways   
celebrating
is sooo happy about her grades! yay me!
"loves the snow, but hates all the retarded people in nc who have no idea how to drive in it    "
<propmale> really just told me the snow was sparkling like <propfirst>       what have i done to him?? lol
<propmale> really just told me the snow was sparkling like <propfirst>       what have i done to him?? lol
why does everyone think i will always pick up the slack for them? and why do i keep doing it?!?!? lol we have a problem here       
"work, packing, and then ohio until monday!"
has the coolest family  laugh 
is going to serve lunch to the homeless with her fam! <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> ! laugh 
going to watch my little brother give his mission farweel talk  laugh  love you kee!
driving home today  laugh  oh how i love road trips     
i love by family      but it's sooo nice to be home again!
i got a feelin'                  that tonights gonna be a good night  tonights gonna be a good good night!!!!
hello 2010
why are preschoolers so freakin' emotional? if only they knew how easy they had it     lol
pink!
misses the summer     please hurry back!!
livin my life and lovin it  laugh 
"would like everyone to please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance     93% wont copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
oooooooohhhhhhh yeah!
"word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \ copy and paste this in your status to    see what people have to say!!!"""
loves  you 
i hate math  i really don't see the point to it 
i hate hate hate getting in the shower and remembering that i am out of conditioner! it looks like it's going to be a ponytail day today!
"my baby got us free vip tickets to the <propfirst> z concert next month! yay! i love <propmale>, he is amazing  laugh "
"so you know it's bad when the plow comes through, and all you hear is a really loud scraping noise and no snow moving, yay for ice!"
back to work!  laugh 
really?!?!?!?!
why does the snow have to cancel school on the two days that i don't have classes? gay 
"doesn't facebook know the homepage isn't \simple\"" if they keep freakin' changing it every month???"""
filing taxes done! yay <propfemale>! now i have to try to get my printer to work because the government has to be gay and make me mail it in  what's with that? who mails things these days? thats what the internet is for right?
"if anyone knows how to get my hp printer to install on windows 7, let me know  laugh "
happy friday!
"i gave in, i bought a snuggie  laugh "
"celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your sweetheart  make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile "
sick on valentines day  sad 
thinks all math tests should be changed to multiple choice  anyone agree?
it's almost my birthday          wink 
it's my birthday!!!!!
thanks for all the birthday wishes! my freinds are the bestest  laugh 
it's friday!!!!
happy birthday to the best husband in the whole wide world! i love you <propfirst>!
"boo for hubby's having to be at work at 6am on saturday  stupid, now i am bored  i guess thats the perfect time for the gym? yep     "
"awwww 63 and mostly <propfemale>  i like the sound of that, can we just keep it that way until summer get's here?"
"busy weekend!! driving to lexington , ky this morning for my cousins wedding tonight, then driving back tomorrow morning and the <propfirst> z concert tomorrow night!!! yay "
beautiful
celebrating two years with a better friend and companion than i could have ever asked for  i love you <propmale>!
i got bit by a 7 year old today at work  i need a new job asap       or else i will start biting back     
"who ever came up with such a thing as essay tests? and why does everyone think they need to do them? i vote multiple choice 100%, this whole writing thing is gay "
today has been an awesome day  laugh 
wish me luck!!!
"happy, happy, happy "
today is a day of celebration       well after the cleaning part anyways lol
love the weather! now somebody tell it to stay 
hates traffic 
anyone wanna write my book report for me? it's due tuesday and i haven't even started reading the book            no takers? i guess i will start reading sunday      
time to start reading the book for that book report due tuesday     
"ok, i read half the book       now i think it's time to start writing the paper  half is good right? now watch these mad skills i got      this is gonna be an a+ paper  wink "
i hate batteries 
officially going on my first cruise this summer  wink 
"to go to school or not to go to school, that is the question   "
why are some people so rude? do they really think they are that much better than anyone else??        douchebag 
happy friday  smile 
76 and <propfemale>  laugh  today is going to be a great day   
does anyone hate mondays as much as me?
neads a big freakin' bowl of cereal this morning     
there's nothing more fun then being on the phone with the irs all night       45 minutes and counting      yay  sad 
needs to start paying attention at school     i have no idea what has gone on in any of my classes since midterms      oops 
it feels like summer outside! it's time for the beach        laugh 
"the greatest man in history had no servants, yet they called him master  he had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried                 in a tomb   yet he arose and he lives today  pass this along! his name is jesus!"
i'm doin' me  wink 
happy easter!
it's supposed to be 93 today? i thought it was still april?!?! lol
"i recieved my first present as a primary teacher today at church (other than pictures)  it was a <propmale> chocolate chip muffin wrapped up with notebook paper and scotch tap, 5 year old style  how thoughtful  smile "
"trying to figure out how to study for my pych test, take my english quiz, write a paper, pack, and go to my classes all by tomorrow afternoon before i go out of town  hmmmm     i am starting to think maybe procrastination isn't working for me so well this time      "
a few more classes and my psych test and i'm on my way to ft  lauderdale till tuesday  smile 
oh it feels so good to be home!
i lost my phone at school today       and i don't even care! time for a new phone  smile 
trying to fix the broken iphone we've had laying around since i lost my phone       wish me luck  smile 
"trying to fix my iphone     if anyone can help, please do! it is stuck on the itunes screen, so i am re-running blackra1n       but when i call someone they can't hear me on the other end, any ideas?"
if you can't fix it       sell it  smile 
"how do you lose your phone and ipod, both at school, in the same week? i guess your name just has to be <propfemale>      looks like i am in need of an iphone right about now!"
"i sooo shoulda studied for these finals earlier  good by sleep, i will see you tomorrow night     "
anyone wanna take my math final for me? i will pay you    
happy cinco de mayo!
imma do me  smile 
happy mothers day!
i finally got a new phone after losing mine three weeks ago  smile  so if you want me to have your number you need to text it to me   
i love my new phone  smile 
is siting on the back porch listening to the thunderstorm      love it!
omg
i'm free!!!
"after a 6 5 hour drive, a wedding reversal, and dinner    i am pooped  time for a movie with the fam  smile "
road trip!
ready to go home!
home at last!
so i'm thinking a run in the park might be nice today   
i feel soooo out of the loop after being gone for two weeks  what's going on? lol
went to the gym 3 out of the last 4 days       so proud of myself! now if only i can keep doing it       
fiesta time!
life is crazy      
i think today is in the running for one of the top five suckiest days ever  smile          only up from here right?
"finally back in nc! for some reason i feel like i have been in the car for  27 hours        oh yeah thats right, i have "
"if you get random text messages from mei n the middle of the night that make no sense     i'm sorry, my phone sems to be possessed  he also refuses to show me some text messages that you send me, or to let my phoe ring when you call  i think i am going to give him a little nap and then i will see if he feels better     \\yes, my phone is a him "
watching the world cup makes me really miss playing      sad 
"so i am getting bored with my hair, just like i always do  i don't want to cut it, so i was thinking about going darker again      any thoughts?"
just got my chancellor's and <propfirst>'s list certificates in the mail for the second semester in a row     i never cease to amaze myself  smile  and you would think if i could do that i would have graduated in four years        nah graduating is overrated 
<propmale> got the job! time to celebrate! my next shopping trip is going to be freaking awesome now  smile 
"gettin my pretty girl swag on! getting my hair done, pedicures, and shopping      i love mommy visits!"
i think i may be crazy      
i don't care what nobody says      imma be me          
espn in hd on a big tv is sooooo much better then trying to stream this game at work!
yyyyyeeeeeeesssssss!!!!!!!!
"so <propmale> is in florida for the next week, i have no idea what i'm going to do with myself        i am totally open to suggestions  wink "
omg i dopped my iphone in my ramen noodles  if it doesn't keep working i'm gonna be so upset 
so i have a shopping trip planned for <propfemale> tomorrow      but i need somewhere to watch the u s  ghana game     anyone wanna volunteer their t v ? or meet me somewhere? otherwise it is buffalo wild wings to watch it by myself because there is no way i'm missin it         smile 
i heart my ipad  smile   don't hate       
i love <propmale> wonka and i love his chocolate factory even more 
"i was wondering lately, if i make you my baby, would it make us look crazy? or would it be so beautiful? either way i'm sayin     if you ask me i'm ready    "
beach!!!!!!!
the best part of beach vacations is not ever having to wear real clothes       i love it!
i believe it may be time to get my workout on       maybe 
"i don't mind cardio, i could run all day      but this strength class could very well be the death of me     "
thank you sprinkles cupcakes for my free cupcake! you made this preggers lady very happy  smile 
