5f6cba8230d5ebc282404430b97573f5
"new-years-eve was great, <propfemale>  love  , friends, hockey, and a party"
going to take a nap   
church is canceled for tomorrow   going to <propfemale> out with they guys  i cant wait to go skiing   haha there is sooo much snow everywhere
i am ready for convention already!
i had a great time tonight laugh 
now i am really ready for convention   
had a great week at convention  laugh  to bad everyone could not go    it was amazing!!
is going to play airsoft tomorrow    for the first time  smile  it should be fun
"airsoft was fun, only two shots broke the skin  smile "
i just went to my first real concert   it was awsome  laugh 
friends are the best thing since sliced bread  smile  lol
i am off today   yay!  smile 
for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction  
oh ya the weekend  smile 
i know that everything happens for a reason    sometimes you just need to have <propfemale> 
"i am ready for classes to start    and ready to go skiing, i just got some new skiis yay"
i am going to see my first rodeo   i am pumped!!
done with the first day of classes    and i am ready for wednsday!  smile 
"done with classes    ready to go to the fair, and see a rodeo  smile "
i had a great time at the fair last night    deffinantley need to do that again sometime!!
i am ready to spend some quality time with my friends  smile 
had a great time with my friends last night  smile  now time to get ready for a 5k!
just got back from the 5k    i ran it 1 <propfemale> faster than the last one  smile 
"i love life  smile  and my friends, and i am positive that everything does happen for a reason!!"
time to do some homework   yay
it feels like fall is coming early this year    get ready for the snow 
had so much fun last night  smile  i cant wait till next time  smile 
"yes   no school monday,  smile  family gathering tomorrow after church   so much good food!!   and relatives of course lol"
i had a great time yesterday  smile     i am going to try to be more decisive lol haha and i dont usually wear tight pants  laugh    
done with classes today    time to work on some homework 
just ran a mile   prob the latest i have ever run 
i know that when i am with you  wink    there is a reason time passes with such ease  smile 
steelers!!! game one     now!   and still happy from this entire week  wink 
ha   the steelers have to wait till the end of the game i guess lol
"did good on my first a&p test    time to get ready for the next one haha, not   i am ready to see what next week has to offer  smile "
"done with work    yes, going to a wedding at 4 today  smile    and i cant wait till tuesday  laugh "
going to do some homework  annoyed  but i do not know how much i will be able to concentrate lol  smile 
i am eating moose track icecream right now smile  it is so good   
"had a great time last night bowling  smile  and i really wish starbucks was open later, even though it was getting cold lol     i cant wait for the next time  laugh "
going to try to get all my homework done tonight so maybe i can do something tomorrow  wink 
almost done with all my homework and studying  smile  yay    well for this week lol
the game was great!! the perogies were great!! the friends were awsome! smile  i wish it lasted longer  smile 
liked church today  smile  going to have a dude day at 1 smile 0 lol then steelers 4 smile 0 woopwoop! then study study    
 laugh 
tomorrow is the first day of autumn smile 
it seems like the more you study   the slower time goes haha  laugh 
just played basketball to see who is on my church league team  laugh  i am so sweaty   we should have a pretty good team  
i am ready for friday night  laugh     but first i have to study for my anatomy test tomorrow   
 smile  i wore flipflops to my classes today and my toes got cold   who would have guessed lol
going to help my dad <propfemale> some brick   he needs more muscles lol
"the only downside to flipflops is, that you feet get so cold!    but it was worth it lol    had a great time talking it the street  wink "
"our team had a basketball game saterday night    we didnt win, but i think the team has some potential    and chemistry   i am ready for game #two!"
finally     not too much homework this week! woopwoop! just a little to study 
" laugh  i am ready for tomorrow, the feelings are real   and i am going to get some new shoes haha  wink "
 smile  i had a great time thursday shopping    and at starbucks  laugh    this weekend has been so busy  
cant wait till thursday  laugh  and one more test this week    ready to get it over with 
got to sleep in    the first day since college started  i feel rested yay  laugh 
"my teacher didnt show for my first class, haha   now only 3 classes today  "
what happened pens    so many penalties  
 laugh  i am ready to go to the soccer game tomorrow   and maybe get some hot beverages hah laugh 
 laugh  had a great time last night    i think fires were made for the soul haha  smile 
every day with you is like the first day of spring     laugh  it never gets old   
just finished my first clinicals    i am going to like my job  smile 
 laugh  i really like blankets    haha
yaaaa!! pens win in the shoootout!
" laugh  i am ready for friday   i hope it is not too cold, but cold enough for a blanket hahaha"
 laugh 
 laugh  had a great time at the game    and an even better time at eatenpark  laugh  and an even better time after that    
 smile  can't wait to dance with the mennonites again lol  laugh 
studying    back around 10:15ish ahah
done with homework for now    and i could really go for some peach rings  smile 
"wow   i didnt think i would have any more homework this week, wrong    but at least i still have friday night with my friends  laugh "
i like to dress up  laugh 
have you ever started to smile becaues of someone  laugh  and were still smiling when you when to sleep?  laugh 
i am happpy that i can always be myself  smile 
i am ready for tomorrow night  laugh     i know i am going to have a good time  smile 
" smile  friday is here, yay!!"
i waited a whole week for friday  laugh  and it was worth the wait     laugh  i wish friday night was longer than all the others
the time changes tonight!!!  laugh 
it is hard to trust someone with you heart when you have been hurt before 
feels relaxed      smile 
my body may be tired    but my mind dreams about you all the time  
haha  wink  i like suprises    laugh 
cant wait to see <propfemale> today  laugh 
"had a great time tonight with <propfemale> and friends     even though my toes almost froze off, but it was totally worth it  smile "
 love 
"tonight is going to be awsome  laugh  i get to see <propfemale> and <propfemale>, and i get to dress up!!"
" smile  had a great time with emm and <propfemale> at the banquet    and then we had bunch of fun with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and the gang hahaha     laugh "
study  study  
go!! steelers!!
one more class   
finishing up some homework     laugh  ready for friday
soooo happy tomorrow is friday    i miss <propfemale>  
i had and awsome time at the hockey game with <propfemale>  laugh  there were 3 fights    and i got to eat dipndots  laugh  haha
work tomorrow till about 3     then hw which seems to never go away 
that was a great month  smile  i plan on many more to come  love 
 laugh  i am ready for the concert tomorrow with all my friends    woopwoop!!
that was a great concet     i am definitely looking forward to the next one  smile 
get to help sing the music at church    then off to thanksgiving with the mausts
i am ready to see <propfemale>   and go on a double date with <propfemale> and dj  smile  woopwoop!!
i cant wait till wednsday    i am ready for thanksgiving break
"that was my frist blackfiday e playful erience haha    i was not bad lol, and snow   yay i cant wait to hit the slopes  laugh "
" smile  i cant wait to go to church, and eat lunch with <propfemale> and her family tomorrow   "
that was a great thanksgiving  smile  now i have to study for my 3 tests this week  yay haha but soon enough it will be the weekend lol
got a good grade on my first 2 tests  laugh     only one more this week   time to work on my final project till 6 smile 0ish   then basketball game at 7   be back at 9ish  smile 
" laugh  cant wait for friday, i get to be with <propfemale>    two more weeks of school to go "
 laugh  almost completely done with my final project    then all i have to do is study till next friday 
i cant wait to be with you     smile 
so happy to see <propfemale> today  laugh  woopwoop!!
haha   iceskating was a blast  smile  i cant wait for the next time    so <propfemale> can teach me some cool tricks  wink 
"finals week   yay   i cant wait till friday, that will be a relief "
one final down    
i am actually hoping class isnt cancelled tomorrow so i cant take my final      it is snowing like crazy  
one more final friday   
last day of class    i cant wait to go skiing  
finally done with finals     now it is definitely time to start thinking about skiing  laugh 
i love <propfemale>  laugh  haha and cant wait to see her
cleaned my room today    haha now i can see my floor
ready for the snow to stay   i want to ski!!
soooo excited to see <propfemale> today  laugh  it feels like it has been forever 
 laugh  now this is the snow i want    now i can go skiing!!
going to a christmas drama    then i get to spend some time with <propfemale> and friends    laugh 
had a great time last night  laugh  today  maybe going christmas shopping   then i have a b-ball game at 6 smile 0    back around 8ish
"going to sleep early    haha i am really tired (totally worth it)  laugh  , work tomorrow morning "
hanging out at <propmale>'s and missing <propfemale>  smile  cant wait to see you em
done christmas shopping!!  
now that is how the pens should play!!
 smile  christmas is of the essence   i cant wait to see em!!
<propfemale> christmas!!
christmas with the mausts tomorrow    smile  i cant wait  
i never thought getting snowed in on winter break could be sooo good  laugh     perfect timing 
is liking the snow   
pens at 7   back after that   
i cant wait for new years <propfemale>!! i miss you em
i cant wait for tonight to come  smile 
had a grantastic last to days with <propfemale>  smile  cant wait to attempt skiing now haha
n a
when you close your eyes   who is the first person you think of?  smile   love 
got to go skiing with a bunch of my friends   and 2 were first timers   it was <propfemale> much fun  now i cant wait for wed  skiing alll day haha
"picked my classes for next semester, and picked up my scrubs   then later going to <propfemale> out with the dudes "
ready to see <propfemale>   and cant wait to ski with her and my friends tomorrow   all day! hahaha
had a great time skiing wed with <propfemale> and friends   going skiing again tomorrow after work  smile  i cant wait
"love skiing    i cant wait till wednesday, most of the guys are going    except <propmale>* haha he has work"
 smile  three months*!
first day of class   not bad   i think i am going to like this semester
"\from the highest of heights to the depths of the sea   creation is revealing your majesty\"""""
"class in the morning tomorrow   then going skiing later, and missing <propfemale> all day  smile "
i cant wait for tomorrow  smile 
the concert was great! to bad it had to end  
i am ready for college this week   i miss <propfemale>   cant wait for tuesday 
"going to starbucks tomorrow    laugh  to see em, woopwoop!! haha"
"had a great evening with <propfemale>  smile  starbucks, movie, supper, mall haha, walmart, almost getting lost  laugh  haha jk     laugh  and some singing hahah  love "
"went skiing yesterday   the slopes were actually good, even though it was <propfemale> warm the past few days "
work   homework   basketball   winter x games   and missing <propfemale>
 smile  i cant wait to see <propfemale> on thrusday  
has to be at college at 6:25 tomorrow to leave for clinicals   yay!! but it is going to be early   
first pharmacology test tomorrow   i am sure it will be fun 
no school for me haha   yay!! going skiing later  
college tomorrow   then movie with <propfemale>  laugh     then spend time with my friends  smile 
"haha   found out on the way home that my exam and class is cancled for tomorrow   kinda excited, but now i have 3 exams next week   yay"
read and reviewed for my test monday   going to get some sleep and watch the game tomorrow with my gf  smile  i cant wait
the superbowl was actually pretty good   had a good time with em and friends 
enjoyed clinicals today   something new every time 
<propfemale>    you are perfect   smile 
there is so much snow!!! i like it <propfemale> bad 
it is looking like i will have class tomorrow for sure   
i cant wait for tomorrow    laugh  and sunday   this is going to be a great weekend  love 
"i had a great valentines day weekend   made pizza, watched 39 kids   and home videos haha that was great  wink     smile  went bowling   but the best part was spending time with <propfemale>  love "
i am ready to take a nap   clinicals went good today  
"drinking <propfemale> soda   only the best though, vernors!!!"
4 months  smile  i love you em
got my car unstuck   now i am pooped 
wants to go skiing again soon    next week hopefully 
had a great time a megans bday party   i like ems fam   they like to have a good time 
clinicals were ok   bball at 9   back at 10 smile 0
sleeping in tomorrow   then catching up on some reading 
god is good   all the time 
"cant make it out of my driveway   and 68 is closed   so i guess, no school for me "
"church tomorrow   subway with the dudes, <propfemale> out  then home to study "
gets to spend the day with em   it is a good day  smile 
i bought 2 pairs of shoes    at the same time lol
"work till 8ish then maybe hanging out with the guys, and missing em all day "
had a great time with em bowling last night   she beat me   haha but i dont mind   bc she is amazing
reading   and clinicals tomorrow  
had a basketball game tonight against the school   and it was fun  but we lost 
this weekend is going to be a lot of fun   i cant wait
"went skiing tonight   it was a lot of fun, i want to go again   i wore a long sleeved shirt and windbreaker pants   it was <propfemale> warm haha   the snow was a little poopy, but what would you e playful ect  "
"i had a great weekend, i got to spend time with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and dj   and was one of the activity leaders at camp   laurelville is a great camp and i hope to help out again   but for now i am going to study and sleep in my own bed  smile "
 love  5 months!
"is ready for saturday   concert, friends, fun, <propfemale>  smile  it is going to be great "
ready for tomorrow    smile  <propfemale>   friends   concert 
had a great weekend   now i just need to catch up on sleep and studying lol
it was supposed to rain today    but it is snowing   maybe i will go skiing tomorrow lol
it is nice out   should i play basketball at the park   or ski lol
studying     how exhilarating
i got to see em tonight   now i cant wait for saturday   and spring break    haha it starts friday after class lol
is talking crazy to random people on modern  haha 
ran three <propmale> today   and going to run tomorrow again  i miss em   and cant wait for wednsday  smile 
going to run at 11 smile 0   just cleaned my room   and then hw the rest of the day  
really excited for tomorrow  laugh      i cant wait to see em  
"\if my heart was a house you'd be home\"""""
i have to wake up really early tomorrow to get my classes picked for the summer semester   it isnt going to be fun         
test tomorrow   then i have the afternoon off   finally  smile     cant wait to see <propfemale> again
first game of the church league's playoffs tonight    i hope we do well   i am pumped already haha
missing her   
work at 6am   off around 2ish   then going running with <propfemale>   then a drama   i cant wait  smile 
just went for a run with <propfemale>   it was fun now we are getting ready to go to a drama   lots of fun  smile 
good day at clinicals   now i just have to study for a pharm test tomorrow    smile  cant wait to see <propfemale> today
"i get to sleep in tomorrow, the first in a long time    then work at 1"
get to see <propfemale> today    i cant wait!!
the trip to dc was great   spent the whole day with friends  smile 
last day of clinicals tomorrow   well for this semester   then work at one
"test tomorrow   then the evening off   no work, studying, nothing   just relaxing"
just got done running   and some strength training   now i dont feel as bad about the doughnut i ate lol
friday!!! i cant wait to see <propfemale> tomorrow woopwoop!!
hope the weather will be nice tomorrow   i think i am going to wear sandals
test tomorrow   corticosteroids on the mind   i am definitely ready for the weekend
so happy friday is almost here   i get to see em  this is going to be a good weekend  smile 
one final down   
two finals done   just orals tomorrow   and one more final friday   i am ready for the weekend    
done with all my finals    now i just have to wait till monday to see what i got 
i to see my final grades today   i passed all my classes!!!
"really excited to go to the race this weekend    i get to see <propfemale>, friends, and maybe even the beach  smile  i cant wait"
i ran 3 <propmale> in cold rainy weather   and it felt sooo goood  
is in delaware  going to the beach tomorrow morning  smile 
ready for the weekend   i cant wait till i have a summer free of school
in washington county now   had clinicals from 7am to 7pm   it was good  staying at best western   then going to back to the hospital tomorrow from 7 to 7
this is going to be a great weekend   i can feel it already  smile 
had a great time doing clinicals at winchester hospital   i definitely need to go there agian   ready for next weeks clinicals
is excited for friday  smile  i cant wait to see <propfemale>
"class till 2   work at 3   then home to sleep   i get to work in the sleep lab tuesday and wednesday, i am excited "
excited to see <propfemale> tomorrow  smile 
finished 2 summer finals   one more today   then off to work 
8 months  smile  i love you <propfemale>  love 
i think my car is broke    
i hope this next year will be as good as the last
that was a good birthday  smile 
going to see all the mausts this weekend   lots of them lol    smile  and <propfemale> is coming
i am bummed that i couldnt get off work to go to the beach       
one more week of summer semester   i am ready for summer break lol
cant wait to see <propfemale> on tuesday  laugh 
just ran 3 <propmale>   i feel great!   cant wait to see <propfemale> tomorrow  smile 
"had a great time in new york with my family, relatives, and <propfemale>   i really hope we can do this every year "
not a bad first day   i guess i kinda like college lol
one more class   then work  i cant wait for saturday  
had a great week at clinicals   and cant wait to see <propfemale> this weekend  smile 
at ocean city with my rt class  smile 
having a great week in ocean city   but i cant wait to see <propfemale>
got to see the sunset with <propfemale>  smile  it was good
"staying in winchester tonight at my 2 5 cousins house, then going to clinicals tomorrow at city hospital "
going to get my ankle checked out tomorrow   hoping it is just a sprain  
ankle is feeling better    get to spend the weekend with <propfemale>  smile  woopwoop!
only a few more weeks   time to study for finals
one more week     i cant wait to go skiing!
one day down  
one more final     i cant wait to be done
all done with this semester   now just to wait for my grades
yes!! i passed all my finals   i am so relieved 
christmas is here! i cant wait to hit the slopes!!
loving winter break   cant wait to go skiing and see <propfemale>  smile 
going skiing!!
"there is sooo much snow at my house, i love it!   church was cancelled and now i am going to <propfemale> out with the guys"
going skiing all day tomorrow! i can not wait !!!
pittsburgh!!!!!
steelers know how to represent!!
got to go to work now     smile  really enjoy talking to frika and felody
" smile  most likely going skiing tomorrow   hope to have fun, my whole family might actually go   i guess it will be a learning day for some"
slept rawesomely last night !
it is snowing   going to work   college starts up for me tomorrow   happy it is my last semester!
i  love  the steelers!!!
get to go to <propfemale> hospital tomorrow for prenatal orientation
college was cancelled due to crazy driving conditions  i think i am happy? i did actually want to go to <propfemale> though  annoyed 
there is a buttload of snow in gville!! i wonder if i will be able to get home  annoyed 
a little under the weather   and i dont mean all the snow   lol
feeling better smile   home till work
work at 3  and i guess i need to study and read
home  smile  and i get to sleep in tomorrow
"<(^^,)> i like music!"
i feel good!
"hmmm, what is on my mind?"
pittsburgh steelers!!
good game  still love the steelers
"done with clinics for this week! i should study, but i am tired in <propfemale> many different ways   i guess i will try to study sigh"
three days of clinics here i come
"good game tonight guys, now time to catch up on some sleep"
i love music!
"clinicals tomorrow and thursday, actually looking forward to them smile "
"done with clinics for the week, class and work tomorrow"
 smile  a new week
lucky smile 
so i scheduled over 50 hours of clinics for next week   i think it will be a learning e playful erience  i'm ready
finally the weekend is here for me  smile 
i think this week may be harder than i thought   bring it on!
e-day!!!
came home only to find my friend from japan came to visit! glad his whole family survived the tsunami 
ready for clinics the rest of the week   i think
happy st  patricks day!
one more day of clinicals this week
god is awesome 
two more days of clinics this week   then i get a break   not lol
real
"when you love to live, somehow life slowly reveals itself to you   there really is a god that loves and gives "
only 40 more manditory hours of clinics left   i am kinda excited haha
"missed my playoff game due to sleep, i think  i wish i would have not laid down as early as i did "
