4aa368d924395f54395ed0f3eb13e317
"welcome to a beautiful suday  yeah it's hot & muggy, but it still holds all the promise of a great day  sunshine and later, storm showers   it's the best of both worlds "
god i hate monday's so much!!!
home briefly for lunch  terrible tuesday is living up to its name  jeez <propfemale> its insane at work! and i'm still worried about my girl j-lo 
happy friday's-eve!! heh heh  i can start to see a light at the end of the tunnel  anyone making their weekend plans already? i know i am  hope today will be good to all of us 
tgif!!! what's everyone planning? nothing is on my schedule book [yet] except to let my hair down (what little i have left)  lol!
"what a great weekend i had, (and i have the aches, pains & fatigue to prove it)  even though i feel ready to handle whatever this week can throw, i'd still be happy if it zips by as quickly as possible  heh! but whatever -- lets all promise ourselves to not let anything or anyone get us down this week  deal?"
"tgif! that god this week is over  i hope everyone kicks off their shoes & party to their hearts content (or at least as far as their wallet purse allows, heh) "
"omg, i woke up this morning with only 3 hrs sleep and a hangover! it could only have been a hangover since 2 tylenols didn't even touch it  i don't know why but i tend to party harder on sudays more than i do fridays  que menso!"
"omg, it's going to be a high of 107 today! if i put a frozen chicken pot pie in my car it would probably bake in 20 <propfemale>! anyone have sunscreen spf 215?"
"i'm so tired, and work has never been so stressful  i sense a great disturbance in the force     please send me all the good thoughts, positive energy & prayers you can  thanks guys "
"why do we call wednesdays \hump day\"" when most people get laid on the weekend? hmm? just wondering   playful """
"ok  got too close to someone this weekend; im home early from work early with big flu symptoms  temp is 102 4 now, feel like my body got run over by a semi  getting ready to see the doc  dammit "
"happy halloweenie people  here's wishing everyone has a safe but fun time tonight  i also want to add that       wait       who are you? what are you doing here in my room     what the --- is that a knife?? hey, i was only joking about that mask last night  no hard feelings right?? hey! get away from me man! get       hey     stop that! hey    somebody help me       this guy's gonna       gaaaaaarrrhhgghh!!!!"
november 2nd  the begining of turkey month  oh lordy! we all better re-new our gym memberships!!
"\i don't approve of political jokes     i've seen too many of them get elected \"""""
"it's 43 degrees outside this morning, and i just heard the weatherman on t v  say it's \chilly\""  i need to drive down to the station and slap the *&^!@ out of him!"""
"a high of 71 today?? ooooohhh weeee   big deal  i guess that means i can get away with wearing only 2 layers of clothing instead of 3 or 4  get used to this people, you'll see me get worse as the winter moves on   like a snowball rolling downhill "
"for the 1st time in a long while i look upon this holiday for what it was meant to be; to be thankful for all the blessings god has bestowed on me -- family, husband, friends, health, job, home, car, food, & thermal underwear   smile "
"for thanksgiving dinner i only had 1 plate serving of food, and the portions were itty bitty eensie teensy nibble size  what the hell was i thinking?!?!?!"
"flying out to vegas tomorrow morning  i can't believe i'm trading out tucson's beautiful 80 degree weather for vegas's 64 degree chill  i hate the cold! but with the friends i plan to meet there, i won't think twice about the cold -- namely senior <propfirst> cuervo, captain <propfirst>, and mr absolut  <propfemale> "
"well it's 1:20pm and i just woke up after surviving my 1st night in las vegas  dear lord i almost forgot how hard vegas kicks my a**! never mind that i can't remember the name of that hot guy i met last night, i can't even remember my own  !"
"until dec 6, joining people in protest against child abuse by loading profile pic of (one of) my favorite cartoons "
the world: \better hurry," there's only 15 more shopping days til x-mas!\""\"4aa36 laugh 924395f54395ed0f3eb13e317,"saturday's christmas show at brodies tavern was a success! with the help of a great crowd & generous contributers, we managed to raise approx $500 for the needy children of balboa hights neighborhood  i want to thank everyone that was able to make it to the even, and to thank all for the generous & humbling positive feedback  we'll be getting ready for the next show in february   smile "
"this is just a simple wish to all my friends & family that i hope we all have a safe & fun weekend  seven (counting today) more days left til christmas, and 14 til new years - how exciting! i have a really good feeling about the next 2 weeks   smile "
"faith and fear cannot co-exist  i choose faith! thank you god for all my blessings, even the ones i'm not aware of "
"2010  what a confusing, stressful, challenging year  now that it's almost over, i know now what i need to do for myself  look out 2011 -- i'm on my way!"
"every so often in life, a year will come by that will kick you in the pants & force you to either fly or fall  you all know what i'm talking about right? when you have no choice but to grow from the pain & tough lessons, or wither away into nothing  i'm convinced 2011 is going to be one of those years for me  it's already happening     and it's barely february  dear lord "
