db26ce856b41482b88aff10ea72f7414
evicted!!!! break stuff!!!!
todays latest retards: senate judiciary committee proceeds with impeachment of federal judge  inquisition to follow  bring your pitchforks 
why does it seem like i failed at everything when i slowly succeed?
"if love is a weakness, is it a weakness of the heart or weakness of the mind? if it is a weakness of the mind is it illusory or lack of will? if it is a weakness of the heart is it unwise to trust or hold on?\--pondering inspired by dragon age "
congress the opposite of progress 
"if the end of mankind were imminent and it fell upon a single man to create the means to avoid it, would it be his fault if he were not intelligent enough to devise the means?"
"<propmale>, link, and <propmale> skywalker      wonder what kind of drinks you would bring to that party "
today is my birthday  tommorrow is my hangover 
"screw microsoft, i'm buying a wii "
"sarcasm is pointing out the flaws in every day life, cynicism is believing they don't get better "
save a puppy: kill peta 
ok   is zombie genocide a crime against humanity? and what about mutant genocide? and cyborgs?
"dear merciful god, i will become a priest if my place of work shuts down today so i don't have to go to work  just something to think about gman "
to everyone: stop whining about defects in people you love  they cause you to fixate on them and warp them out of proportion  soon you lose the connection you had with that person because they have a problem you don't like  this causes you to avert your eyes from the truth: there are no perfect people!! life sucks!! sex is not love!! you are not the center of the universe!!
"i find it amusing how many people simply do not understand techonolgy beyond the necessary capacity to use it  people who see \network connection lost\"" most of the time have no clue what to do """
1675856960275729 my wii friend code for those of you who care  message me first or i will not add you 
eat lots of turkey 
now to begin my ever so slow migration to the couch 
lawyers: the only kind of people who take offense and take part in the offense within a one hour period 
"question of the day: why are there live action shows on cartoon network?\-- one of the many reasons i do not watch t v "
"oh, morning, how i hate you  you greet me with a flashblind, cold, and discomfort "
got to play with kinect today  not impressed 
"sometimes i feel nerdy when i get asked what the difference between a sorcerer and a wizard is, and i actually answer  curse you dnd "
started playing pokemon gold again  i'm surprised at how easy it is  i remember it being much more grueling 
it's my mothers birthday  and she's not here  go figure 
"finally, got to the finals "
last day of semester is next friday  rejoice!!!!!
"poetry is an attempt to solidify a feeling, a thought, or an idea in order to make it tangible to others  it is the ghosts we see in the mirror, our feelings, and dreams etched into words  whether or not it is understood is entirely beyond the point  like all e playful ression, it is viewed uniquely by everyone "
playing <propfirst> party with <propfirst> 
going to vietnam (cod <propmale> reference )
general advisory to fellow motlow students: check the school closings tommorrow to make sure it's open 
"i love no more heroes  for some reason, picking up garbage after you killed a bunch of random school punks with a beam sword and then going to your motel room to play with your cat just makes an awesome day for me "
"misconception is a nasty thing, more particularly when you base it on preconception "
"things that are harmful to the economy: professors who do not understand economics (hint: <propmale>), lawyers who do not understand economics, increases in taxes, legislation to regulate economic activity, legislation to regulate consumption or usage"
hardees is open 7 to 7 on christmas  poor bastards 
a <propfemale> wars christmas on spike!
<propfemale> christmas and to all    have a fun day of returns tomorrow  happy birthday jesus 
"redbox amazes me  people will actually pay more to rent a movie from a machine for a few days from a selection of about 100 movies as opposed to using netflix which has over 1,000 titles on instant and at least 1,000 times that for rent "
"dear jester, when will you stop hiding behind that smile? that moment of laughter you inspire is soon after mired in sorrow when the feeling has fled "
why do smart phones cost more than a wii and a ps3?
"saw eclipse yesterday  sorry, but my type of vampire fiction ends with hundreds of dead bodies and blood everywhere, not crappily set up love triangles intertwined with some bullshit story about a feud "
"if the world was owned by poor people, what would <propmale> people be like?"
"\wise men argue causes; fools decide them \"" - anacharsis"""
new computer!! yay!!!!
i want ninja flavored cookies 
"when broadband and wireless connections synchronize with advancements in cybernetics and advanced prosthesis, you will eventually be able to receive electronic data directly from a receiver in your brain  when that happens, will spam mail cause people to hemorrhage?"
just watched walking dead on amc  verdict's not in on that one yet 
watched the whole ten hours of lord of the rings  i'm still impressed by the scale of it 
gun control is like trying to keep a retard from doing stupid things without hurting him 
the president speaks tonight  his lies will be uncovered tomorrow 
ok  so obama's speech ranks a 6 5 on my bullshitometer  i was tempted to call the white house and scream at the operator after he claimed social security was safer than the stock market 
it will move mountains! it will mount movements!!
damn my shitty integrated graphics chip!!!!
"\the roommate\"" is an $8000000 movie about a crazy college roommate  i think <propfirst> <propmale> craps out more creative material than this """
holy freaking god nvidia rocks!!!
how dare you interrupt me??!! only i interrupt me!! like just then 
"are we prisoners if we are unaware of the prison? if you became aware of said prison, would you consider yourself to be trapped by it? would you attempt to break free of it if doing so could trap you?"
"if fast food was a deadly weapon, would restaurants be terrorist cells or the security council at the u n ?"
terrorism: having a bone to pick with the current governing administration and settling it via e playful losives 
"just how deep do you believe, when you bite the hand that feeds, when you chew until it bleeds? can you get up off your knees? do you wanna change it?"
poverty: being stuck in a hole with only a shovel to get you out  and a broken down p o s  at that 
"if death is a doorway, is there a way i can use a doorbell?"
well   japan is irradiated  get your power armor on 
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you think      just follow the rules  smile "
the world has ended 
attention citizens: it is now time to begin the daily random shotgun massacre  please run around in screaming pandemonium 
