5fb973046853519d7521331201edaa8c
"i like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells  fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope  which is what i do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities  -- dr  seuss  love "
"some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice  from what i've tasted of <propfemale> i hold with those who favor fire  but if it had to perish twice, i think i know enough of hate to say that for destruction ice is also great and would suffice  -- <propfirst> frost  love "
forgiveness comes hard to many people about a lot of things    but the only way we could ever have the right to not forgive others is if we've never had to ask for forgiveness for ourselves  which means that no one has the right to keep a grudge because everyone makes mistakes  it's what makes us human  (on another note: working on scholarship essays -- text me if you need me)
waste  of  time 
<propfirst> neutron is pretty awesome  just saying  haven't seen this movie in years!  laugh  (on a darker note: econ homework is killer)
"when you love someone like that, when you give what you can't take back  when you love with all your heart and soul, its so hard to let it go  (<propfemale> mcentire  love ) [[amazing song ]]"
well most likely this is going to be my last status update until sunday night  i'm leaving to go to disney world (again) with my family tomorrow  hope you all have a good rest of the week and if something happens feel free to text me  goodnight!
i'm on my way home!  laugh 
"i am home finally   smile  i loved my vacation, but the one thing i am really going to miss was the beds  haha"
well i love that tech has spring break and everything   but i would much rather both of my spring breaks to come at the same time    the point of spring break is to not have to go to school  haha 
"what can you do when your good isn't good enough? when all you touch tumbles down? 'cause my best intentions keep making a mess of things, i just wanna fix it somehow   but how many times will it take? oh how many times will it take for me to get it right?  i can't go back and undo this  i have to stay and face my mistakes, but if i get stronger and wiser i'll get through this  i'll get it right "
home tomorrow  finally!  laugh 
"dear time, would you please stop moving so fast while i'm sleeping? i would like to not feel like crap when i wake up  thanks "
finally finished with homework  getting my hair dyed tomorrow and then picking up my prom dress after rehearsal   smile  can't wait for this weekend!
i love awesome people   smile 
im totally the worst staller ever!!! i mean jesus cristo
<propfemale> was amazing  a lot better than i thought it would be   smile  everyone did an amazing job and all that hard work definitely paid off  prom is tomorrow and i bet that is going to be amazing too   smile  goodnight everyone!
prom was amazing   smile  before and after  i was with amazing people all night long and i even got to see grace lewallen come out of her shell and learn how to dance to fast music   playful  i love you all  especially a certain goober who made this night so special  well have to work tomorrow  goodnight everyone!
"i'm going away for a while but i'll be back don't try and follow me  cause i'll return as soon as possible  see i'm trying to find my place, but it might not be here where i feel safe  we all learn to make mistakes and run from them with no direction  we'll run from them with no conviction  cause i'm just one of those ghosts  traveling endlessly  don't need no roads  in fact the follow me, and we just go in circles "
i really wish this storm would go away right now   
yay surround sound! keeps all outside noises away  haha
today was very good   smile  now for some well needed rest to take on the day that tomorrow will without a doubt bring  goodnight 
so much has happened in such little time    wow  that's all i can really say  lol 
paper   ughh 
rest in peace granny  i love you  at least you aren't suffering anymore   love 
"stay with me, baby stay with me, tonight don't leave me alone walk with me, come and walk with me, to the edge of all we've ever known well, i'm not sure what this is gonna be, but with my eyes closed all i see is the skyline through the window the <propfemale> above you and the streets below hold my breath as you're moving in, taste your lips and feel your skin when the time comes, baby don't run, just kiss me slowly   love "
we're all okay until the day we're not  the surface shines while the inside rots  we raced the sunset and we almost won  we slammed the brakes but the wheels went on  we ran away      love 
"you with the sad eyes don't be discouraged  oh i realize it's hard to take courage in a world full of people  you can lose sight of it all and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small  but i see your true colors shining through  i see your true colors and that's why i love you  so don't be afraid to let them show your true colors  true colors are beautiful,like a rainbow   love "
"now that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of jupiter in her hair  hey, she acts like summer and walks like rain, reminds him that there's a time to change  hey, since the return from her stay on the <propfemale>, she listens like spring and she talks like june, hey hey hey     tell me, did you fall for a shooting <propfemale>? one without a permanent scar and then you missed me while looking for yourself out there?  love  train"
"i am not a fool, and it comes straight down to your p's and q's  and mister i think you have me all wrong 'cause at the end of every day i like to lay my head your way and listen to your heart sing  all i'm trying to say is that whatever you do it's okay, 'cause baby i'll stay with you  i'll stay with you   love  <propfemale> perri"
"(you only know what i want you to  ) i know everything you don't want me to   (oh your mouth is poison your mouth is wine) oh you think your dreams are the same as mine    oh i don't love you but i always will   oh i don't love you but i always will  i don't love you, but i always will    i always will   love  thecivilwars"
"i just want to hold your hand  <propfemale> on every word you say  let's write a song for us and sing it till we're old and gray  forget me not, my dear, my darling\forget me not, my love  i'm coming home real soon   please leave a light on for me, tell me that you'll always be true and you'll be the only one for me  ?"
"if the world ends   i hope you're here with me  i think we could laugh just enough to not die in pain  if the world ends, it won't finish you  you're not the type they can capture, you flit like a fly catcher and they can't pin you down   smile "
"is it love tonight? can we get it right? yeah, can we get it right? cause these are the days worth living  these are the years we're given and these are the moments, these are the times  lets make the best out of our lives, even if hope was shattered i know it wouldn't matter  cause these are the moments, these are the times  lets make the best of our lives   love "
"secret love, my escape, take me far far away  secret love, are you there? will you answer my prayer? please take me anywhere but here   anywhere but here   love  maydayparade"
massive headache  gone to bed  text me if you need me 
"i had a great time tonight with darylleigh conner, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propmale>, grace lewallen, and <propfirst> versluys at aroma tonight!  smile  great music by not all there and amazing coffee  i couldn't have asked for a better evening  i love you guys!  love "
tonight was amazing  now it is time for bed  goodnight world!
"and all i can taste is this moment   and all i can breathe is your life  cause sooner or later it's over, i just don't want to miss you tonight  and i don't want the world to see me   cause i don't think that they'd understand, when everything's made to be broken   i just want you to know who i am   love "
gone to bed  beach trip tomorrow  can't wait!! goodnight everyone!
"the beach was amazing!! thank you <propfirst> versluys, darylleigh conner, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and <propfemale> cooper for making it so! it's about time for bed, so i guess goodnight facebook  work at 8 smile 0 in the morning  text me if you need me!"
i just got a letter from the white house  that's pretty cool   smile 
"and all the roads we have to walk along are winding   and all the lights that lead us there are blinding   there are many things that i would like to say to you, but i don't know how  because maybe you're gonna be the one who saves me   and after all   you're my wonderwall   love "
"time together is just never quite enough   (when you and i are alone, i’ve never felt so at home   ) what will it take to make or break this hint of love? (we need time, only time  ) when we’re apart whatever are you thinking of? (if this is what i call home, why does it feel so alone?) so tell me darling, do you wish we’d fall in love? (all the time, all the time   ) ?"
we can live like <propfirst> and <propfemale> if we want   love 
ever get that amazing feeling that happens when you've been terribly worried about something and then find out that it's going to work in your favor after all? well i have it right now and i could not be happier in this moment   smile 
"maybe, i need to see the daylight, to leave behind this half-life  don't you see i'm breaking down? lately, something here don't feel right, this is just a half-life  is there really no escape, no escape from time, of any kind   come on lets fall in love   love "
"sometimes i love when une playful ected things happen   smile  it just makes my day  anyways, gone to the other house  text me if you need me "
i guess it was great while it lasted   smile  had a wonderful day evening 
i hope every dad out there had a great father's day!  smile 
benadryl in the morning is a no no from now on  i'm not ever going to make that mistake again  this has been a lesson learned  goodnight everyone!
funn night tonight  oh and my sister was awesome (of course!) at her swim meet   smile  she kicked some serious butt  haha
"even the best fall down sometimes    even the wrong words seem to rhyme  out of the doubt that fills your mind you finally find, you and i collide   love "
freedom writers   love 
gone to work  text me if you need me!
"have faith in me   i said i'd never let you go, and i never did  i said i'd never let you fall and i always meant it  if you didn't have this <propmale> then i never did   you'll always find me right there, again "
gone to work from 1 smile 0 to 5 smile 0  text me if you need me!  smile 
"you have to love a nation that celebrates its independence every july 4, not with a parade of guns, tanks, and soldiers who file by the white house in a show of strength and muscle, but with family picnics where kids throw frisbees, the potato salad gets iffy, and the flies die from happiness   you may think you have overeaten, but it is patriotism   ~erma bombeck"
"love don’t run, love don’t hide  it won't turn away or back down from a fight  baby i’m right here and i ain't going anywhere  love’s too tough it wont give up no not on us    baby love don’t run "
scars remind us of where we've been  they don't have to dictate where we're going 
"today i don't feel like doing anything  i just wanna lay in my bed  don't feel like picking up my phone, so leave a message at the tone  'cause today i swear i'm not doing anything (other than going to work for 6 hours )  playful "
"really just has too much on her mind  like normal  just waiting for the time when everything will be just completely simple  simple sounds very nice, though it won't ever happen  "
"i'm done pretending, it's about time you stop too "
after a fun night it is finally time for bed  <propmale> potter was amazing  goodnight everyone!
it's something unpredictable but in the end is right    i hope you have the time of your life   love 
"so i got a new phone, same number, but i need everyone's <propfirst> again  just text it to me if you want  thanks!"
gauntlet 2011!!
"you're only broken on the outside  you're shivering, but the warmth will come back  it's hard to see beyond hindsight when all regrets fade in from black    did the promise of day, turn cold in the night? you are the light  all you have is your name, but the air is alive, you are the light  i believe in you "
"what have i gotten into this time around? i know that i had sworn i'd never trust anyone again, but i didn't have to    you had me at hello  (adtr  love )"
my best friend is home!!!  laugh 
well    it's time to go be a freshman   again   playful 
headache  ugh   sad 
i got my little girls today and we are off to see spy kids!  smile  text me if you need me!
"so tired, work from 1 to 6 smile 0 today   hope it isn't too bad "
there are awesome people in my life right now   smile  i'm so thankful for them 
"\the hero is commonly the simplest and obscurest of men \"" <propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau  those who lost their lives on this day trying to help the victims of the 9 11 attacks will forever be heroes in my eyes  those who have dedicated their lives to keep our country safe and who are still fighting 10 years later are our heroes and they deserve nothing less than that  so to all the heroes out there i have one thing to say    thank you """
"shower, then doctor  i am really getting tired of this whole crappy immune system thing  just sayin "
i really really hope i do well today!  smile 
ready for the beach!!  laugh 
beach bound!  smile  text or call if you need me! peace!  love 
so i have established that i could not be a mother yet  if i even still want children after this week  thanks mom! (<propfemale>)
sweeney <propmale>   love 
"nothing's gonna harm you, not while i'm around  nothing's gonna harm you, no sir, not while i'm around  demons are prowling everywhere, nowadays, i'll send 'em howling, i don't care, i got ways  no one's gonna hurt you, no one's gonna dare  others can desert you, not to worry, whistle, i'll be there  ? sweeney <propmale> "
"one last kiss   before i go   dry your tears, it is time to let you go    one last kiss (forever  love )"
"i was just another promise you couldn't keep  read between the lines, we can't give in this time  just let me go for now i'll be just fine don't you know? don't you know? now that i'm back on my own   love "
gone to work! text me if you need me!  smile 
<propfemale> hour   love  (thecivilwars)
"you had my heart, at least for the most part    'cause everybody's gotta die sometime  we fell apart, let's make a new start    'cause everybody's gotta die sometime yeah, yeah, but baby don't cry  ( love avengedsevenfold )"
thank you to all those who are risking their lives to keep our country and our freedom safe  to all of my military men thank you and i love y'all   love  you know who you are 
"and all the roads we have to walk along are winding   and all the lights that lead us there are blinding  there are many things that i would like to say to you, but i don't know how   because maybe, you're gonna be the one who saves me? and after all   you're my wonderwall   love "
ready for a fun weekend with a mr  <propfirst> bass & family   smile 
