ff6831202cfefc22194f009faecb8d75
tgif  can't wait for the weekend!
"got my nephews back again their mom just dropped them off  2and 4 i getting too old for this  but, i love them"
happy birthday jovany!!!!!!
haven't done much today just chillin  nice to not have to think for awhile  monday will come to quick
happy birhtday <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday to my wonderful sexy husband  enjoy your day! love ya baby!!!!xoxoxo
"well the weekend is over  back to work <propmale>  already know i have to work on the floor til 7p  wonderful  and its a monday, hope its atypical for a monday   yea right    "
another day at work tryin 2 do 3 jobs like everyone  is it fri yet 
i just want 1 day where i dont have to worry bout working over  just 1 
gotta go do something <propmale>  with my son could be bad ending  i hoping not  but out of my control  whoops! there i just got 10 more gray hairs just thinking bout it  hope i don't come home lonely
back to work <propmale>  already know gotta stay til at least 7pto work the cart  and maybe later  the mars and tars have to be done  another long one  of course sat and sun will go by quick wheres my lottery <propfirst>  gotta play gotta win!!!!!!!!!
thank you lord for getting me thru this last week  i t was a stressful one  and  thank you for saturdays and sundays!!!
"just once i could seriously trust someone i love, you think that would be easy, ha! not so as soon as you let your guard down boom! then comes the diappointment, and you hear that little voice \told ya not to trust\"" when will i ever learn?!"""
"i wish my life was as exciting as everyone thinks  the things they say i do wow!!!! i'm doing it and don\t even know it """
life is full of surprises  some good    some bad   just gotta do what you gotta do to deal with theselittle surprises 
i would just like to take a moment to recognize a wonderful man i call my husband who got up ay 7am to walk 2miles to go fix our car  thank you baby for always doing what you gotta do even when you don't want to  i appreciate  you and everything you do for me and our family  thank you!!!!!!!!!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i had a great day wit my baby n friends  a special thanks to my baby 4 making my day special
