8a8f9ed28ea567dcfe6da972cccd6012
helping people is what i do!
soooooooo tired! why is i can't seem to fall asleep until after 2am no matter how tired i am?
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
catching up with old friends is always fun 
in so much pain! hopefully all will be well in the morning 
woke up with my sinuses clogged  definately not the best feeling in the world 
my head is killing me  stupid allergies 
chatting with the bestie is always a pick me up 
obama condoms! be the first lady every night 
allergies are kicking my butt 
the boot poliece are out in full force!
feeling very childish 
why is it whenever i get the <propmale> to do something great i screw it up?
i'm not going to stress out  these lights will be on point!
so tired & my sinuses are killing me 
i think i'm broken 
"i can move my wrist   kinda  at least the swelling went down, and i now have respect for those who are left handed "
lights are comming together nicely 
<propfirst>'s lights still aren't done! i'm late for class & i still have to design 2 more shows!
<propfirst>'s specials are complete & they sure are special!  can't wait to record these cues!
craving fried squash 
way too much is going on right now & i need to calm down 
finally calmed down  lord knows what i'd do without <propmale> 
so happy to leave the theatre 
today was a day from hell  thank god it's over & that a new day is comming 
still recovering 
feeling kinda light headed 
why is it that when ever i try to make things right things get worse 
ever have a day when you want to maul the person next to you cuse they're just that sexy? i haven't today  yesterday however   
in an extreemly flirty mood right now 
get ready for the one acts!
<propfirst>'s were awsome! congrats <propfirst>!
yay late night rehearsal 
i go today! keeping my fingers crossed for a good run 
feeling like thumper 
yay late night rehearsal!
sooooo tired! yay rehearsing till 1am then getting up at 8 for work 
the one acts are finally over! congrats to all the directors & participants on a job well done 
too much going through my head  it needs to be cleared asap!
<propmale> is trying to make me  choke on my milkshake 
why is my compie being stupid? grrr
"so board w o my compie! why did the fan have to break? it's given me time to finish my book, but now i'm left w\\o the joys of the internet "
"oh internet, why hast thou foresaken me?"
i really need my compie fixed cuse relying on campus compies to get work done sucks 
had fun with the ladies  bonding over donuts is always a win in my book 
read the romanov prophecy  it will blow your mind 
chillin with the fam is always great 
"i feel like my mind is going spare  it's not going to happen, so why do i keep thinking it will  i said i was over it, but apparently not "
the best food in the world is free food 
late for work  over slept  not a good morning 
my eyes have been watering all day for no reason  yay 
"listening to \clumsy\""  yea   """
my mind is much clearer now 
i know what i need to do  the problem is finding the time to do it 
how do you truly live?
waiting is the hardest part 
trying not to study even though i should 
so instead of studying i made a video montage on spring break 
grr sissy answer your phone!
"\it's like one thousand paper cuts soaked in vinegar  like the battles with yourself that leave you insecure  it's all just a numbing charade until the day you finally wake up and you're not afraid \""-battles by the spill canvas"""
made it to the airport  waiting to board & for my sinuses to stop being stupid 
watching random vids on my jump drive  what a way to spend the night 
spent the night celebrating sissy poo's 29th    my is she up there in the age department 
i hate jet lag 
why does my mother keep tryiog to call me while we're in the mall & have no reception?
letters to <propfemale> was amazing! i so want to see it again 
why does liking the wrong person make you feel like such a duck?
just made grilled chicken noodle soup & it was nummy!
talking to three people at once is interesting 
don't you hate it when restricted <propfirst> call & don't respond when you answer?
and now starts the excuses as to why he can't go to sleep  yay babysitting!
"just checked the grades and i heaved a great sigh of relief  don't know how i did, but i thank god for pulling me through "
"\i'm like tinkerbell-i need applause to live!\"" gotta love glee """
"why doo i keep lying to myself? everytime i think things are getting better at home, they get worse  i'm so tired of this shit  people keep playing games, when they need to grow up and act like adults "
i've given it  all to god  i'm done with it  whatever happens now us up to him  for now let me bask in this peace that is overflowing 
it's smoothie time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my sister is an uber dork and i love her  hanging out with her is the best 
i made cookies!
"awww, poor <propfemale>! i give him hugs "
<propfemale> and <propfemale> are so cute!
apparently mine and my firend's wishes are comming true: <propfemale> is having a dream about being able to walk so he can dance 
<propfemale> is a trip 
and <propfemale> strikes again    
babies make me squee 
why is it that when you're almost over someone their name pops up everywhere at the randomest times?
watching the conclusion to seven deadly sins 
today has not been the best of days  i first wake up tp find that it's 2 smile 0 in the afternoon  then i go to make myself a nummy smootie and the blender breaks  *pouts* i really wanted that smoothie 
waiting for glee 
picking up where i left off  it's good to be writing again 
"you think you know someone, but you really don't  this is why i don't trust people  i really need to stop thinking with my heart  i've been burned too many times by too many people  i'm just done with messy people  why is it so necessary to be fake? realness is where it's at "
i'm glad to know who my real friends are 
just ate the sweetest sugar snap peas ever! man they good 
my sinuses are clogged  not ok 
"things are comming to a head and i don't know what the outcome is going to be, but i'm giving it to god  things are happening for a reason  i may not know it now, but when i look  back at this ,in the future, i will be able to see how far god has brought me, and i'll be thankful that he's been looking after me all along "
loving the music on my compie! thanks bestie 
"goodbye  my fears i guess that we have parted, the possibilities keep walking in on me  it feels so strange, but i guess that's change it's all right  the possibilities keep walking in on me ~ gotta love geiger!"
mr  schu +<propfemale>= prime entertainment! work mr  schu! work!
why is finn playing a broom?
<propfirst> has issues 
"now that i've caught myself, i had to  stop myself from saying something i should have never thought of you, of you  you're pushing and pulling me down to you, but i don't know what i want ~ gotta love songs that mean more than one thing to you!"
"i'm so confused! i think i'm sending out mixed signals, but i'm not sure  i'm completely oblivious to flirting unless i'm playing around  i've tried to make things clear, but i'm not so sure he gets the picture    "
my phone s dead and i can't find my charger *pouts* 
finally starting something that i should have done a long time ago 
"my brother is mad at me for watching vids on my compie while he's playing his game, but how am i supposed to finish watching anything when all he ever does is play  his stupid game! i've tried watching them at different times of the day, but i get the same response: stop watching videos  *rolls eyes* stop playing your game all day! hogging the connection is not ok "
"who are you-and what do you do\that makes you think you are above me\but have you walked in my shoes\the pedestal\you put yourself on\well since i'm breaking it down now\it's gonna collapse and be gone-fergie"
"if it wriggles when you shimmy, you're a boy! if it wriggles when you shimmy, you're a boy! if it wriggles when you shimmy, you should have a name like <propfirst>  if it wriggles when you shimmy, you're a boy!"
phenias and ferb just made fun of <propfemale> the e playful lorer    
watching the prestige  don't know if i want to stay up and watch the end even though that's the best part 
watching an episode of criminal minds where <propfirst> kennedy guest stars as a psychotic cannibal  am very disturbed by his performance and this episode 
seriously tired of people in this house! don't they realize when their opinion isn't wanted or needed? man i need some ear plugs 
sleep is my frenemy 
note to self: talking to people after 1 in the morning is a bad idea 
need to wirte this song and get it out of my system 
these pain meds have me feeling high  i don't like this feeling  not at all  floating is not fun 
not as high as i was earlier  feel much better cuse now i don't feel like falling asleep every five minuets  i still have the munchies though sad 
i just puked everywhere     at least i don't the munchies anymore   
note to self: if dad offers you pain meds don't take them 
persons unknown is getting more and more insane! definately the show to watch 
"i  need to sleep and i'm tired, but my stomach is not settling  *pouts* why does my stomach hate me?"
"so tired of this house!!!!!!!! people use up all the sour cream, knowing you're making spicy buritos for 3 people, then they tell you, after heaping on most of the sour cream on the burrito they made, why don't you use cream cheese? wtf?!?!?! cream cheese on a burrito? dude that is so not ok!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm so glad that the stupidity <propfirst> skipped me  these people make me sick "
watching bones makes me happy 
"and tomorrow, i know, will be rainy at best  and the forecast, i know, is that i'll be depressed, but i'll wait outside hoping that i'll catch sight of the sun~rk"
watching a documentary on the black <propfemale> 
"found a \ghost hunting\"" show that actively tries to debunk peoples paranormal sitings by actually trying to recreate what was seen and verifying the validity of the whitness and their evidence  seems very interesting """
"why would you stop what you're doing to only partially dust the tv and entertainment center, then go back to what you were doing? the thing is still coated in at least a couple of weeks worth of dust and you only wipe of two spots? smh"
<propmale> is actually doing a great job stepping on sytycd! love him!
just realized that i now refer to my parents as dude  the only time i say mom or dad is when i'm calling thefor something 
i love mr  <propfemale>! why can't there be more mr  <propfemale>s out there? *sighs*
my brother is trying to deep fry something for the first time    hopefully the house will still be here tomorrow    
now i'm really scared cuse he keeps walking from the pot  *giggles* he just realized that he used oil that was perviously used to fry fish 
apparently chanting makes things sound important 
<propfirst> and dad got into a fight     again    over the blu-ray player    that <propfirst> broke*giggles* now he knows how i felt when <propfirst> tore the cover off my copy of the order of the phoenix 
shopping was a success  found some really good deals 
just started the process of packing  step 1) do laundry  step 2) fold clothes  step 3) put stuff in suit case      i hate packing!
"dear blackboard, why must you fail miserably at opening files necessary to do homework? no love, <propfemale>"
soooooo tired!
"i've been sittin' here, can't get you off my mind  i try my best to be a man and be strong  i drive myself insane wishin' i could see your face, but the truth remains you're gone, gone, gone "
finall done with this paper! now i can go get ready for bed 
finally done with this paper! now i can go get ready for bed 
"writing this paper so out of order, but it's eaiser to write what thoughts come to you first "
i have two paragraphs! only 8 more to go    
"three down, five more to go!"
half way <propfirst>! i think i shall cal t quits for tonight 
"i told you i didn't want to hear it from her cuse i don't want to deal with her crap, so why are you telling me shit about her that i don't want tot hear? you obviously don't listen and don't care about what i have to say, and you wonder why i don't call home "
you never listen  you don't know me  so why should i care?
oh the images are horrible! my mind is bleeding! why oh why did you have to pop into my mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dear asu wifi, why are you making it so difficult to check my main email account? i got into the other one perfectly fine? you suck  absolutely no love, <propfemale>"
feeling sick   
hocus pocus is on and clue comes on after it!
thanks for all the birthday wishes! i'm going to spend it packing as i've all ready celebrated it last weekend  yay packing!
if someone could tell cahriecelia(angel) hamilton to fb me seeing as my phone is turned off that would be great 
throat is so sore!!!! it feels like i'm loosing my voice 
