8d8848b916f23a09abe241a639f2c03c
question for the ladies!!! which fashion magazine do you like the most???
must see <propfemale> in wonderland this weekend    must!!!
good morning   
i need a change!!! anyone can refer me to a hairstylist? i need a cut    not sure what yet but something awesome    today!!!
help!!!! is anyone good with photoshop??? and can illuminate background shadows and etc?
who wants to join me for <propfemale> in wonderland 10:15 show???
argh    just follow your inner voice    breath in breath out   
sometimes the grass is greener on the other side  well    sometimes you climb the fence and step in cow poo!!! lmao - this quote completely made my morning!
about to watch hurt locker    
watching best friend's girl   
you rock my world    hehe     wink 
the count down begins!!!
don't e playful ect and you won't ever be disappointed!!!  wink 
still at work    long day   
"\my interest is in the future because i am going to spend the rest of my life there \"" --<propfirst> kettering"""
lets paint this city red    tonight!!!!
tgif
"i love this weeks horoscope so true! - you are working within a tight deadline, and there are other limits that make your job difficult  but you will get it done one way or another because you are a pro, and that's what pros do!!!"
after 3 hours i am finally done!!! argh    
ok! so my bday falls on easter sunday    which i am not to happy about! what should i do thats doesn't involve clubbing? ideas?
super busy day    still at work   
i want some red <propfemale> cupcakes   
woohoo!!! monthly goal reached today!!! time to celebrate!!!!
birthday 3 days away     woot woot!!!
"my suggestion for friday: if you want something to make your day, first thing to do is make someone else's!!! wink wink!"
bitches!!! its my birthhhhhhhday!!!!!!!!!!! love my friends and you and you!!!!!
"thursday, april 8, 2010 at 9 smile 0pm end time:friday, april 9, 2010 at 2 smile 0am location:801 s  hill street, los <propfemale>, 90014 - see you all there!!!"
food fight at the thai restaurant in hollywood! youtube!
its paint time!!!
"\only dead fish go with the flow\"""""
amazing touch down by j e t s !!! 100 yards!!! go j e t s!!!!
where in nyc bk can i shop for big selection of halloween customs? sexy one  smile 
