5595719d5aed13fb8859884a1d4654f2
"happy new year to all - may this year bring you happiness, good health and great friends!!!!"
i still haven't completely figured out how to navigate here (frustrating)
"if you read this, even if we haven't spoken in years,or even if we haven't known each other long post a note with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status because it'll be fun to see"
looking for energy to go through things and clear out things i simply do not need!  i am a pack rat and it's time for a change   i hope i can make it through it all   can you say garage sale???? lol
1:15am - tired!!!  can't sleep so doing some walk for the cure 
can't find the battery charger for my camera!!! has anyone seen it????? sigh
<propfemale> & kennys first anniversary today!!!!!   smile 
many things to do and don't know where to start 
"the ac has quit working twice in the last two days and today is the last of the so called \cooler\"" days for a bit   hope it doesn't give out altogether!"""
101 yesterday - supposed to be 103 today and tomorrow (maybe thursday)     i have errands to run today    sigh
it is currently 103 degrees and e playful ected to get to 107 degrees this afternoon   where did all this heat come from?????  whoever sent it please take it back!!!!
bank my cash and off for the night - good luck to you all
ok somehow someone robbed money out of my bank! - there was a quick notification message and now the message is gone along with my money!!!!!!!
if anyone can part with an untraceable cell phone please send it my way - i am trying to finish a capo job so i can move to the next level   thank you!
hit 500 mafia!
can anyone here tell me what the 8 moscow items are?
not alot of jobs to assist with tonight
"i would like to suggest that everyone go to their settings for each game they play (mafia wars, mob wars, yoville or whatever) and customize the settings to only show to members that belong to that group (this would require you to create groups in your friends lists and yes people can belong to more than one group)   it would help eliminate some postings and confusion on all of our pages    thanks!!!!!"
"attention:  may i please have your attention: i would like to suggest that everyone go to their settings for each game they play (mafia wars, mob wars, yoville or whatever) and customize the settings to only show to members that belong to that group (this would require you to create groups in your friends lists and yes people can belong to more than one group)  many ppl that don't play are receiving these posts!!!!!"
i want the last two moscow items sigh
more jobs i am 250 pts from leveling up
ok not gonna get that last moscow item so off to bed - good luck to you all
off for the night - see you all tomorrow good luck
i think i have regifted to all i can   please let me know if i missed you 
i think i am back up to date on gifting back if i missed anyone please let me know and i will see if i can help
"ok all caught up with gifting, robbing, attacking , looting, banking, checking properties and weapons   anyone up for ice cream?"
owns 300 mafia mikes  smile 
"i need 5,500 more pesos help!!1"
getting lots of coffee need more jobs
66 to next level
nap time - keep our mafia strong and protected while i am away and don't od on all that coffee ciao
<propmale> leggs for the gift!
still need 200 pts to level up need energy and don't get it for quite some time
"thank you \ok\"" for the gift back - you could have kept it i just am at the point i can't keep sending them out   you are very kind """
the tides of chage will take you in many different directions   you must be strong enough to set the sails to take you where you want to go 
got haircut yesterday and donated to locks of love  smile 
would like to know who is taking what side in moscow    
could everyone please comment which side you plan to choose in moscow?  i am leaning toward underground myself 
the colorblind kid (thats what it says) hit listed me for no reason   jerk
need 56 more points to level up
had to have my cat euthanized today   i rescued her from the <propfemale> <propfirst> mountains and she has been with me for 14 years - very sad  sad 
goodnight one and all - sweet dreams
wonders if anyone else gets scary looking people in the meet singles add on the right    
for a non drinker this beer may actually put me to sleep - your demons can not get through that right?
"new day, new baby born waiting for pics but i know she is beautiful  smile "
guess it is time to let mom kick my butt in yahtzee good night all
new day - sunshine - things to do but don't want to   
supposed to be thunderstorming right now and the sun is shining and the sky is blue (trust me i am not complaining)
39 pts to level up
how do you unhide applications you have hidden?
zynga will not fix my moscow - 3rd business supposed to be unlocked at episode 2 chapter 2 which i have completed as well as the finale (a million times i have asked for help) and it is still locked they wont fix it i am stuck in moscow
i now have a ticket to go visit my kids for christmas!!!!!!  whooo hoooo
"to all my *my zoo* friends   i am in need of the following animals to reach an acheivment   please gift if you are able   african elephant, lion, koala bear, gazelle, rhino, kangaroo, zebra, flamingo and siberian tiger   i will send something to you, just include a note of what animals you need for your zoo   thank you!!!!!!!"
thinks cold weather should be banned
names please of who has gifted to me from my last post    many thanks to you both!!!!  long way to go but you gave me a start and i greatly appreciate it 
has a new photo album on my profile
facebook says i am using automation and will not allow me to access any applications aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
i'm back!!!!! (so far)
one week until thanksgiving and my moms birthday!!!  (one year we put all turkey candles on her cake lol)
if the sun shines in your heart then rainy days don't matter 
today i am two weeks smoke free  smile 
oops forgot i need to renew my drivers license before i leave at christmas time 
wishing one and all a very happy thanksgiving (yes i know this doesn't apply everywhere)   remember the things you are thankful for today   chances are you will think of more than you thought you could    smile 
"thanksgiving has passed the pie went to my a**, christmas is near all this weight is good cheer!!!!!"
is really missing my kids and wishing i lived closer to them 
i think i just finished the last of the projects i needed to do for christmas gifts   at least my bank account says so lol
just got home from about 6 hrs in hospital er - i am fine and am released to go ahead with scheduled proceedure later today   of course i lost much sleep as they keep coming in and messing with ya eesh and they said i can not drive for at least 24 hrs grrrr
"a very happy birthday to <propfirst> bendyobi, <propfirst> castrellón, <propfemale> shelar, mihhail klaaser and cherada weaver"
26 days til christmas 19 days til i get to see my kids (get to spend my birthday and christmas with them in california this year) whooo hoooo
20 days til christmas 14 days til i get to see my kids (get to spend my birthday and christmas with them in california this year) whooo hoooo (correction to my earlier post thanks to <propfemale> brandt who had the courage to call me on it and  to those of you who didn't humph!)
may i please have thelink for posting boss jobs in moscow?
sad when a nice soothing hot bath doesn't sooth you at all  sad 
holy cow - slammer jones please identify yourself to me
had to reschedule a vehicle recall service when i was at the hospital   good thing too because i took it in today when it was freezing (27 degrees) and discovered my coolant was freezing!!!!!!  no i guess that would be frozen!!!!  after they did the service i noticed an iceicle hanging under the car and had them take it back in and check it out   could have been big trouble for me not to mention costly 
hoping my beautiful daughter is having a wonderful birthday!!!!
shipment of <propfirst> guns still open on my profile
one more week from today and i am off to california for the holidays!!!!!!
my people are missing!!!! help me
missing friends on my list how do i get them back anyone know?
hasn't been to a comedy club in years!!!!  dunno why i thought of it just now - oh yea someone posted something about raw comedy club - anyway i wanna go to one!!!!!
the christmas tree just fell over   taking a break from cleaning up the mess   happy holidays everyone!   smile 
really wants the unlimited lights in farmville but they cost 30 fv cash and i have 1 fv cash sigh
california here i come right back where i started from  smile 
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes  smile   you are helping make my day even happier  smile 
christmas is over but the feelings remain  smile 
i need one more to upgrade this one please help   please help raise my barn - http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid=22f5fdb6d7bd35d81ef115419234ce4c&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
still need 5 on this one please   http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid=26fe7cc3083cb19 laugh e9b32c46246b47d&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
need a few more to finish this one then i will post a new one   thanks to those who have already helped and to those who are about to  smile   http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid=93de2d3b4f5464f1e4532bd45a9c7a41&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
need two more on this one   i will post a new one when these two are done   thanks!!!!  http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid=1e45f511f93ad001e28f0e54ca83e324&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
i need help from 6 more to complete this e playful ansion   then i will post one more new one   please help finish this barn and if you need help please comment and i will help you too   http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid=93b329c8180b18eab78c89346dbffbb2&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
i need 4 more people to finish this barn raising   please help!!!!  http annoyed  apps facebook com onthefarm reward php?frhost=1836131540&frid laugh 5fc01a8baeb9b585fb10b1ff4ee7657&frtype=storagee playful ansionfriendreward
i ran over a noodle under your bed because i'm sexy and i do what i want
boss job on my <propfemale> please help mafia family
i drove over a noodle under your bed because i am sexy and do what i want
hot and steamy
is anyone else having problems with episode 4 chapter 2 in moscow??????  i am stuck once again 
could i ask that my mafia family please take a moment of their time and gift me some money for bangkok from the mw free gifts?  i am in need of it to do anything in there   thanks to all who help  smile 
for having such a large mafia family i unfortunately had a poor response to my request   thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst> for your assistance  smile 
i have received 4 more gifts of baht - thank you so much to those who are helping me  i greatly appreciate it - if there is anything you need let me know and if i am able i will help you out 
since the hours have passed and new people are logging on i am going to resend my request of my mafia family - please family can you gift me baht from the mw free gifts?  i really need the money in bangkok   thanks to all who have already helped and thanks to those of you who will be helping me out   if there is anything you need please just send request to my inbox and i will do what i can 
when will spring be here?  i don't want to wait 
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you,be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults then copy and paste this to ur status!!! i wonder if you know who you are? someone i can always count on  ? ?"
i need help building my stables - if you can not find my post please go to my profile to see it   thank you in advance for your assistance 
farmvillers - please help!  my posting for help to build my stable disappeared after one person helped and i can not repost it   please send gifts to help build my stable   thank you in advance for your help!!!!!!
"farmville players:  please help   i still need 4 bricks, 5 harnesses, 4 horseshoes, 6 nails and 7 wooden boards to finish my stable   please gift these items if you have them   thanks in advance for your help!!!!"
"farmvillers:  i need 4 horseshoes, 4 nails and 5 wooden boards to finish my stable   can you please help me by gifting these items?  thank  you in advance for your help!!"
"farmvillers: i need 2 horseshoes, 2 nails and 5 wooden boards to finish my stable  can you please help me by gifting these items? thank you in advance for your help!"
farmvillers: i need 5 wooden boards to finish my stable  can you please help me by gifting these items? thank you in advance for your help!
farmvillers: i need only 2 wooden boards to finish my stable  can you please help me by gifting these items? thank you in advance for your help!what's on your mind?
"farmvillers:  thank you for your help - my stable is complete, if gifting please do not send supplies for the stable   mystery gifts are always good  smile "
"urban dictionary   2  <propfemale> - a wife, serious girlfriend, or female family member of someone who's in the mafia  this slang was widely adopted from the first highly famous <propfemale>, wife of <propfirst>  \get your <propfemale> under control- she's still trying to run the joint \"""""
farmvillers:  i appreciate the great gifts you have sent my way however i no longer need items to build my stables   please send valentines insteead  i am able to gift harness and horseshoes t those of you who need them   please leave a message in my inbox if you want either of those gifted to you   thanks!
farmvillers: i appreciate the great gifts you have sent my way however i no longer need items to build my stables  please send valentines instead  i am able to gift harness and horseshoes to those of you who need them  please leave a message in my inbox if you want either of those gifted to you  thanks!
farmvillers:  if any of you happen to have an extra 24 farm dollars laying around and you happen to just have a kind heart and feel like sending out a gift i would love to have the swan fountain (big grin) just thought i would put that out there     <propfemale> <propfemale>
farmvillers:   it seems that <propfemale> sullivan and i have ended up in some undeclared <propfirst> war lol  i would like to ask all my neighbors to please send me a <propfirst> so we can stop this back and forth on the leaderboard   thanks  smile   <propfemale> <propfemale>  (good luck <propfemale>)
farmvillers: it seems that <propfemale> sullivan and i have ended up in some undeclared <propfirst> war lol i would like to ask all my neighbors to please send me a <propfirst> - she has taken the lead again and it is no longer close   helpppppp lol
"farmvillers:  i think it is time i admit defeat in the undeclared <propfirst> war between myself and <propfemale> sullivan - we are no longer going back and forth on the leaderboard she has a 40 <propfirst> lead on me now lol - to those of you sending me building materials, please send <propfirst>s instead as my stable has been completed for some time lol thanks all   congrats <propfemale>!!!  smile "
"happy valentines day to you all   i hope your day is filled with love, laughter and relaxation   enjoy your day "
the last 3 <propfirst> gifts i accepted dissapeared so if you have not received a thank you <propfirst> from me please send a request for <propfirst> and i will try to get it to you that way - thanks and sorry for the inconvenience (very sorry since i didn't get them either lol)
"whatever u give a woman,  she will make it greater  give her a house, she will give you a home   give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile & she  will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given   so if you give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of @#it!! ladies     re-post it on    your wall if you agree! :~) amen!"
"*cafe world* i am building my spice rack and need the following   2 shelves, 3 small jars, 5 medium jars, 3 large jars, and 12 lids   if you could gift me these items i would appreciate it   i am able to gift a large jar or a lid if you need either of those   thanks"
trying to reply to gift requests and keep getting message saying i do not have a request from that person - so sorry to all who sent a request i will keep trying (or just try again later)
"cafe world:  my request thing messed up so here is my list    i still need 1 shelf, 1 small jar, 4 medium jars, 3 large jars and 12 lids - i am able to gift a large jar or a lid - please help"
"mafia wars:  hello again - i am asking for help with my chop shop   i need 1 car lift, 1 torch and 3 shipping containers if you can please help me out   thank you for your assistance and keep it on the low down please   "
i need one torch for my chop shop in mafia wars can anyone help me out?
"a true friend doesn't care  what you're wearing, if your home is tidy or not,if your car is making  funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week,or that you  and your loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight   a true friend  just likes you for you! repost if you have at least one true friend!!"
"mafia wars:  i need 1 car lift, 1 power tool and 3 cement blocks to complete my upgrade - can you please help me?  thanks in advance "
is wondering where her castle age army is - i can not win this raid by myself  sad 
mafia wars: i need one car lift and one power tool to finish my ugrade please help!!!!
"mafia wars:  thank you all for your quick response!!!!  i now just need 5 power tools and 3 shipping containers to finish my upgrade   you are the greatest, thank you again!!!!"
mafia wars:  i need 5 power tools and 2 shipping containers if you can please help   thanks in advance  smile 
i need 2 shipping containers please 
"happy birthday to: elle  <propfemale> suplaag-cabido , <propfirst>  davies and <propmale>  <propmale> - i hope your day is special, great and memorable!!!!!  enjoy!!"
farmvillers:   can you please send me building items for my masion  i have no requests left   thank you all in advance - you have always come thru for me and i greatly appreciate it 
"farmville:   please help - i can only post for a brick and window and i have all i need of those items   i need 5 roof tiles, 5 <propfemale> and 9 weathered boards please if you can help me out   thank you!!!"
is anyone else having issues with mw?  when fighting i locate secret stash but it won't let me post it so the associated member can go claim it 
farmville:   i need 2 boards please!!!!!  thanks to all who have helped me build this home  smile · lend  a hand
farmville:   is there anyone who can send me one weathered board?????
farmville:   i keep receiving windows as gifts for my house in spite of my request to please don't send windows as i already have them all   i currently have 5 window gifts and no gifts for items i can actually use to finish building my house   please do not send me windows   i have been trying to provide what others need when i am able   that is all i ask in return 
"farmville:  i am now out of requests for today so i am unable to help out til i get them back   also, i would like to request (if you are able to help) 4 weathered boards and 6 <propfemale> to complete my house   thanks to all who have contributed so far and thanks in advance to those who will    smile "
farmville:  i am in need of 1 weathered board and 6 vines if you can help me out   i have run out of requests for the day  sad 
we finally have sunshine but it is cold outside  sad 
mafia wars:  i need more hits on the ambush a burmese army convoy job on my profile so i can proceed in bangkok
"stolen from wildchild suzie:  real  men don't cheat on, lie to, or abuse woman and  meeting  someone in the wierdest way, then they are a huge part of your life "
ugh - all my bookmarks are gone - sigh
patiently waiting for the sun to return
new c surprise p  started grow red tulips for a wedding   gold wins a wedding gazebo for  their farm!!!!!  join now and lets go for the gold!!!!!  12 hrs to plant if harvested on time for gold award   hurry before time runs out!!!  posting on my profile 
farmville:  new c surprise p  started grow  red tulips for a wedding   gold wins a wedding gazebo for  their  farm!!!!!  join now and lets go for the gold!!!!!  12 hrs to plant if  harvested on time for gold award   hurry before time runs out!!!   posting on my profile
farmville c surprise p:   if you are in my c surprise p we have 18 <propfemale> to harvest 60 tulips - if you have any ready please harvest now and we make gold!!!!!!!
the sun is shining the birds are singing the squirrels are playing it is a beautiful day!!!!
"please send dog kibble               i am totally out,  poor puppy!"
grandkids are the sunshine on a rainy day  smile   love 
"cell phones off please, whispers only - i am watching avatar - thank you  smile "
mafia wars:  is anyone having probs getting into <propfirst>?  also does anyone have a list of the animals we are to collect and how many of them?  thanks  smile 
"happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms, mums, mommys,  mamas, mothers etc out there and to those single fathers who have duel roles this is a day of recognition for you as well   i hope your day is a wonderful and memorable one    smile "
i need one wooden board please for farmville - thank you!
thank you <propfirst>  smile 
"copy this into your status and see what \people rate you  (1)crazy  (2)wish we went out  \(3)talkative (4)sarcastic (5)lovable (6)sexy  (7)strong  ( smile dumb  \(9)spoiled  (10)mouthy (11)wild  (12)goofy  (13)funny  (14)awesomely \awesome  (15)amazing (16)beautiful  (17)cute  (1 smile best friend  (19)want \to get to know you\"",2010-05-19 04:45:25""",5595719d5aed13fb8859884a1d4654f2,need help with barn raising please go to my profile and assist!!!!!!! times a wastin
need lots of milk in farmville!!!
aaaaakkkkkk = farmvillers:  please add me as a neighbor so i can upgrade my farm!!!!  i hate rules lol 
sigh - computer being sent in for work   info missing from the hard drive so it thinks i have a counterfeit copy of windows - eesh go figure - back to sharing again lol
i have a headache that just won't quit!!!!!!!!
two hammocks in the suv - can someone come put them up for us - it's too hot 
my horoscope seems quite wrong today but my tarot card looks about right   sigh
5 months 14 days til christmas  smile 
back to sharing computers for a bit - on again off again lol eesh
total eclipse of the heart  love 
"the nine of wands tension is surrounding you as you complete this path  fulfillment of journey's purpose, but perhaps you are plagued with uncertainty  feelings of need to defend oneself and one's opinions  what inspired you to do what you did? time to put last piece into place to complete cycle  everything is ready to be settled  almost time to reap reward and relax"
the <propfemale> of wands an intelligent and savvy businesswoman who commands loyalty and intelligence in those around her  a woman who will not be fooled  female enterprise  confident and generous woman  sensual and passionate female energy  lover of life and those willing to e playful lore it with her  a feminine leader able to lead the masses  a woman able to see big picture and delegate accordingly
"eight of swords reversed a feeling that someone has captured you and you cannot get free  someone is holding something over your head and you can't see the way out  powerlessness  waiting for someone to rescue you from a situation  desiring to play the role of the victim instead of taking responsibility for yourself  trapped  too many obstacles in the way, you have decided to do nothing  lack of direction "
"this one couldn't be more wrong!!!!  ten of wands\\overburdened   load too much to bear for one person   everything now \settled and in place   cycle complete and order can be maintained   a \gathering of all pieces and putting them away in completion   no more \discussion, it is done and finalized   a monument to hard work \materializes and stands testament to perseverance   what was begun is \now done "
"<propmale> of cups a devoted husband and father  a man fiercely protective of his loved ones  a successful and mature man employed in the creative arts  a new connection is possible  a man capable of giving and receiving love freely without the reservations of youth  love lessons have been learned, this man is ready for deep commitment  appreciation for creative pursuits "
"a\daughter will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your\heart for a life time   it's \daughter week\"" - if you have a daughter\",5595719d5aed13fb8859884a1d4654f2,<propfemale> of cups a youthful boy with the promise of life and love at his feet  a message of love coming to you  seduction by a younger person possible  someone trying to charm you  a love of beauty and imagination  puppy love  innocence  a young person at the beginning stages of a new relationship  possible over-excitement in love  new social contacts are possible 
"<propmale> of cups a devoted husband and father  a man fiercely protective of his loved ones  a successful and mature man employed in the creative arts  a new connection is possible  a man capable of giving and receiving love freely without the reservations of youth  love lessons have been learned, this man is ready for deep commitment  appreciation for creative pursuits "
from energy follows thought and action  power that is respected  quiet control of oneself and others  bring strength from deep within and continue on in face of adversity  strength of mind as well as body is needed  difficult tasks ahead  focus on all goals at once  control of all resources at one's disposal  ability to do what is needed when time is right  knowing oneself and one's gifts as well as one's weaknesses 
"<propmale> of cups a devoted husband and father  a man fiercely protective of his loved ones  a successful and mature man employed in the creative arts  a new connection is possible  a man capable of giving and receiving love freely without the reservations of youth  love lessons have been learned, this man is ready for deep commitment  appreciation for creative pursuits "
<propfemale> of pentacles an ambitious young man who desires prosperity  drawing to you what you wish to manifest in your life  getting things underway  meeting your success halfway through hard work  increasing your cash flow  be careful of too much daydreaming  a solution you have been seeking is in front of you or on the way  perhaps you are putting too much emphasis on one thing 
"q of swords a woman that considers only the absolute truth of a situation without regard to mitigating circumstances  a quick and decisive woman  someone able to understand the hidden motives behind others' thinking  a candid and <propfirst> person, sometimes at the e playful ense of others' feelings  a funny and irreverent sort of woman that makes others laugh you may not always agree with this woman, but her wisdom is absolute "
"temperance calm and balance  <propfemale> for events surrounding you as they play out  moderation  accommodation  reflection on life  maturity  draw emotions in, stop overreacting to outside forces  contemplation, reflection on events, relationships and work  the calming force in chaos  can overcome addiction to substance, people or relationships  obsession passing  order being restored  calm mind and behavior patterns "
"nine of cups\\smugness   no need to do another thing to obtain the fulfillment you \<propfemale>, it's here   satisfaction   comfort   focus on a real and \meaningful pusuit whether in the arts or love   everything lined up and \in its place   time of fruition   possible birth of child or project   \something that was missing has been found and put in order "
why am i not seeing any postings for cafe world - are people having issues with the game?????  i need energy lol
have a long list of those with birthdays today so    happy birthday to all of you!!!!! i hope your day is was wonderful and memorable 
"nine of swords\\recovery of a lost item or lost love is possible   you may be recovering\ from an illness   time to pick yourself up and complete the journey   \worrying about it has been useless   your friends and loved ones have \gathered around you"
cafe world:  i just need one more energy boost to finish the challenge - or 26 people to gift me energy  smile   the clocks a tickin   
someone please remind me i have places to go and people to see tomorrow?  thanks
farmville:  i need 1 brick 1 board and 6 nails please to finish my garage 
"two of cups\\new meanings in relationships   contracts in the creative arts   union \of hearts and minds   possibilities to heal old wounds   new energies \surging around you   time to put creative thoughts into action   good \time for dreams and goals that have been put off to begin   good time to\ begin work on new plan   all pieces are in place   first step to new \future is at hand "
def leppard and <propfirst> swift on crossroads - singing together each others songs - pretty good 
"<propfemale> <propmale> , your angel name is   \\jehoel - angel of presence - a mediator "
"convalescence  be alone with one's own thoughts  cultivate oneself before interacting with others  focus on inner \wisdom  loneliness  emotional separation from others or oneself  draw one's world in and simply exist  separation from \partner for one's own mental health  quiet is needed  wisdom of older \male coming into focus  seek counsel of wise ones around you  seeker of \truth  caution  detachment  <propfemale>"
"the sun reversed\\clouds may be obscuring truth  not as bright as things could be, but not\ dark either  a mitigating of circumstances  possible sadness  burn out \from a job or relationship  time to sit this one out until bright sun \returns "
is life really supposed to be hard or am i just doing something wrong?
"women are like phones: they like to be held, talked to, and touched often     but push the wrong button and your ass is disconnected"
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  ifyou're allergic to bullcrap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people, keep this sneeze going      lmao !!!!!!!"
"unfortunately,most\ women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent and outspoken, i\ make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to \handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't \deserve me atmy best  if you're a   handful then post this on your status   i    dare you!   i    did !!!"
"memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost \their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it  put this \up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy\ and paste  i did  will you? show love to those who are in the fight and\    their family "
a real man doesn't love a million girls  he loves one girl in a million ways 
dating sucks!!!!!!
i want to see my kids and friends in california!!!!!
i am in dire need of stun guns in mw please help me out i need to finish off 3 bosses for last <propfemale>   help
please help me kill <propmale> ramirez!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  just have him and one more and i am done - want t get them done before time runs out i need my mafia to assist please
mafia wars:  i am in dire need of assistance finishing off the last two bosses and i need as many stun guns as you can send my way!!!!  thanks in advance 
mafia wars:  please send stun guns (as many as possible) and i need assistance on the current boss job and the one after that to complete the mission please help i am on the third try for this guy - i am too weak!!!!
"\what we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others remains and is immortal \""albert pike"""
"a son will \hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your heart for a \lifetime  it's \national son week\""", so if you have a son that you love \5595719d5aed13fb8859884a1d4654f2,"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and thisis in honor of all children - made in a unique way or who learn a little   differently"
where is all the sunshine!!!!!!!!!!!
"october is cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honour of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer "
"it\ doesn't matter how many days or years go by, a best friend is someone \who after numerous years you can still talk to like it was yesterday "
goodnight all - enjoy your games  smile 
"it doesn't matter how many days or years go by, a best friend is someone who after numerous years you can still talk to like it was yesterday "
thanks to everyone for the great wishes for my birthday - it has brightened my day more than it already has been!!!
"loved you the minute i heard your heartbeat  i loved you the minute you were born; then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around       outside of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life "
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins!    even if you haven't talked much lately    re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world   
"\life's not the breath you take but the moments that take your breath away\"""""
farmvillers:  i am not able to request help with my greenhouse or my ducklings   can you please go to my farm (level 75) and click my greenhouse?  thank you!!!!!!
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live  they understand that life is busy or that its complicated  but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are"
farmvillers:  i still need 5 clicks for my barn raising posted about an hour ago - please help if you are able to - thank you!!!!
farmvillers:  i need 6 more clicks for my barn raising - please help!
