bfb642f75ecdeed8e18de87a8cdf6733
<propfemale> is taking the gre right now!  she has been studying like crazy and taking care of <propmale> but for the next 4 hours she will be stuck at a desk taking a test that will determine if she goes on to grad school this year  crazy!
"it's been 5 years since <propfemale> and i tied the knot, i can't believe it   a two year mission seems forever, but 5 years with <propfemale> has just flown by "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness "
"it's funny when you buy a house it looks so large and spacious   then you move in and the rooms shrink as you seem to add more, and more, and more crap!"
"i ate a hot dog today   then, it tasted so good i ate another one, and another one   then i ate some chocolate cake <propfemale> made me pre-empt for our birthday   all of it was super tasty "
"the world is a small place   <propfemale>'s wedding is coming up in just a few days and i was planning on going because i haven't seen her in years   then, while i'm working she sees me!  i guess i don't have to go to your wedding now, eh <propfemale>?"
"i have found that in order for a baby to understand what something sounds like, looks like, feels like or smells like they have to shove it in their mouth "
"anybody know of a \think tank\"" located in utah? (besides the sutherland institute)"""
"i went to change <propmale>'s diaper and it smelled like buttered popcorn, i couldn't believe it so i asked <propfemale> to take a whif   she agreed, it smelled delishious   has that ever happened to anybody else?"
"sometimes when i check on <propmale> when he is sleeping he is on his stomache and his bum is in the air   <propfemale> says that's normal, is it?"
"i just took the pt test   i did 60 pushups in a minute (85%), 47 situps in a minute (60%), jumped over 24 inches (100%), and did the 1 5 <propmale> in 9:59 (85%)   looks like i will be getting the full bonus points this year   a whole $50 a month   every little bit helps "
<propmale> keeps standing up in his crib but doesn't really know how to get back down so he just falls backwards and hits his head   sad   any ideas how to fix that?
would it be better to be a good looking person surrounded by ugly people or an ugly person that hangs out with good looking people   on the one hand if you were the the good looking person then everybody would pay attention to you   on the other hand if you were the ugly person surrounded by good looking people then everybody would be jealous 
had a water main break last night at midnight   i got home from work and found out the estimates to fix it were between $3000-$4000 so i decided to do it on my own   then i realized it was a really big job   who did i call?  my family and    the elders quorum   we had the whole thing dug in 3 1 2 hours    sweeeet!  now i just need to fix the leak!
"got the water back on to the house   now for the easy part, refilling the hole we dug "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=j7e_igipiui
what happens when you put a 9-month old baby down to sleep without pants because you want to keep him cool?  he takes it off when you leave the room and pees everywhere!
"i opened the door to the garage, walked in and grabbed what i needed and was looking down as i was walking out when    wham!  my head walked right into the garage door that was still hanging down   it totally knocked me off my feet   and i felt really stupid  i hope no one was watching "
"<propfemale> just finished with her last final!  yeah, she will now get her bs in anthropology and political science from the u   congrats to <propfemale>!"
"yesterday was the greatest day ever, aug 8th marked the beginning of football season!"
"we just sold our car   sad   it has been in our family for 5 years   we bought it just after we got married, we had a lot of good times in that car   it was really a great car   i will miss it    and the gas mileage   we bought a new car but i still pine for the old one because i was so used to it "
<propmale> has reached the phase where he discovered his little water spout and can't stop touching it 
have you ever tried to put a bandaid on a 10-month old finger?  first off he doesn't like people restraining his hand   second his hand his bleeding   combine the two and you have a wiggly little boy wiping blood all over the place   then once the bandaid is on the only thing he can focus on is riping it off!
just had the chocolate wall from p f <propfirst>'s my inner chocolate feels good 
"work as a police officer can sometimes be very dangerous, please remember those that are fighting to keep you safe like the officer from south <propfirst> who got shot in the femur and the recent death of a kane county sheriff"
i am thinking of getting a master's degree   can anyone help me understand how much homework or out of class time i should be e playful ecting to do as compared to a bachelor's degree?
who is going to win utah or tcu your honest opinion no bias 
"<propmale> started walking a bit today on his own, it is amazing to watch him grow and learn "
i got an a in my first class at the masters level yeah!
"i got a smallish black eye from playing <propmale> basketball, and they didn't even call a foul on the play   that game is brutal   i have never recieved such a beating at work so i thought i was safe playing <propmale> ball   i was wrong!"
"i got an a in my second class   two down ten more to go!  this one was my research design class, lots of writing   writing was never my strenght so i am glad to get that out of the way "
don't feed your kids a fiber granola bar thinking it is the same as a regular granola bar   it makes them poop a lot    5 times in two days   normally its once a day 
mission reunion time is here yeah!
"everybody from the mission remember to come to the reunion tonight, april 1st at pres  baird's house"
