46adaa23daa144a23403f629021e68c9
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????????
what is tomorrows schedule?
i blame the cowboys 
vbs was fun i had a two leater sprite all for myself   smile  but the kids were agrivating
"the computer is hooked up to the tv so the tv is like a comuter screen now, its awsome!!!!!!"
back from working out whith my sister
florda tomarrow
"lost my itouch on vacation, this sucks man   "
going to put some new pics on here  smile 
who is going to the  100ft slippin slide party tomarrow?
phys sci: schultz-ma relig i: boesch; br span i: <propfirst>; ki world geo: ketelsen;  <propmale> i: dart; andr eng i: difilippan alg i: guernsey; how bad is guernsey?
needs a phone  annoyed 
"so the first day was ok, i love annoying the 8th graiders"
the back to school dance is friday right?
there u go people i took it off
cheezits  smile  !!!!!
i hate parrents!!!!!!!!
got a gf 
"got a pool table!!! its like a reel one too, who wants to com over and have a game?"
haha wow im stupid =p
district 9 looks awsome!
what time is the sps game?
"had fun at the game, & saw my girl  smile "
how do i change my tonail for my defalt?
blue-byue!!! but spelld right 
"if annyone wants to go to the football game at sps you can come to my house untill the game starts, so more or less there is a partty at my fouse from 5 surprise 0 till game time, if u dont know where my house is meet me in geto plaza at sps if u dont know where that is ur hopeless "
"if annyone wants to go to the football game at sps you can come to my house untill the game starts, so more or less there is a partty at my fouse from 5 surprise 0 till game time, if u dont know where my house is meet me in geto plaza at sps if u dont know where that is ur hopeless "
"game was fun  smile  but, that was une playful ected   "
"19 days, how do i make time go faster?"
18 days
17 days!!! give or take
pic comments?
who would win in a fight <propfirst> coyne or <propmale> noris?
"party at my house befor the game on friday 18th form 3:40 till game time, anney freshman ssa or sps student is invited show up befor game time but it reely  dosen't matter  address: 727 south <propfirst> buren st  covington la posting a mad on how to get there from sps in a little  anny questions ask me on facebook, or school   smile "
"fuck  sad  no party, can oly have 5 people so it would suck, if u still want to come just to <propfemale> out u can but my mom is an ass  annoyed  if u want to come tell me and ill tell u if u can or cant"
"i though the drama would end today, but nooo, it just gets worse   "
kind of pissed   
guess im not going to maock  annoyed  ho well maybe next year 
y is no one one?
"is boing to get his hair cut, waiting till after homecoming to shave my head though "
got a hair cut pick coming up soon
"for the paper wolf what shoud i write an artical abbout, annything funny that u think would attract allot of attenchon "
writing a news artical for the paper wolf
"fink came over, had fun, hes gon now not much to do now "
of corse my mom and dad put of get me a phone to marrow to the end of the weak
geting a phone tomarrow  i think   
got a phone  smile  # is 1-985-768-1378
had fun at the game waten 4 an ancer
saints game tomarrow
facebook is messed up  sad 
never mined
"dude, im 15, this is so weird        night "
"spanish-one exam, should be easy as hell "
pitzza rolls!!!!!!!!! yuuuuuum
parent are fucking gay
"just got back frome the rope swing, definetly going tomarrow, if u want to just tell me, we can go and <propfemale> out, i hope "
"send me somthing on \farm vill\"" plees"""
"needs to study, text me, 985-768-1378"
what time dos homecoming start?
"homecoming tomarrow, should b fun  smile "
"wants to go swimming, who wants to go to the river with me?"
new pics comment pleez  smile 
good night
"excited for homecoming, getting to see an old friend,  smile  should b fun, i hope it is"
"going to sleep, had fun, going for a 3 6 or 4 mial run tomarrow for wrestling, kill me now, uuug, night"
"just got home from church, bord, wish a friend could come over   "
y dose facebook never work?
"goingt to draw, brb"
"uuuuuuug im so freeken bord!!! i though today was sapos to be a good one, this is so freeken gay "
"60 people on line and no one i want to talk to, and the people that i do dont know how to relpy, wow reely?"
"going to do the math homwork my teacher just posted on edline, freeken ass, night"
"shaving my head today,  annoyed  ill put pics up latter"
"oh ya, i got my head shaved by the way, its not that bad reely "
"the bat died this mornig wehen he got to my dads clenic, he did good though, its ammazing he made it through the night, muchless part of the morning "
dislikes the new facebook set up
               this sucks  annoyed                    
"things are better but not perfect, <propfemale> leblanc and i talked yes i know that sounds gay, till dont know what to do all the way,  annoyed  oh well ill suck it up and deal with it, time to focus on wrestling and only wrestling, im winning state this year "
"had fun, tomarrow should b fun wish skippy could have come "
"lifgard traning should be fun, i guess  "
"one of my birds died, cant wrestle satedrday, dont feel the best, atleest tomarrow sould b a little fun    who wants my othere bird? free with cage, toys, and food, i dont want it any more  annoyed "
"\google chrome\"" faster than \""internet e playful lorer\"""""
night peeps
wonders what schedule we will have tomorrow 
"today was freeken awesome, maybe tomorrow to, idk, but is so thank god "
friday i'm hanging out with my girl  smile  and saturday i have a wrestling torment good weak  smile 
waffles! #######
"second in 119 weight class for wrestling, he won by points, i need to get better at bottom  if u don't know what i'm talking about don't ask "
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and scroll up or down, and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works"
"attention:: hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know  copy & paste"
"is not ashamed !!!!!! let's see how many people on f b aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior ! we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy & paste this in your status"
idk how i cant b so mad at her and yet not have talked to her in the past one or two months  annoyed 
whats a good cd that's out?
"for schultz's cub project how the f are we suppose to do it? i cant fined it on edline, help pleas "
loves his girl  smile  wouldn't know what to do without her 
wrestling duel meet at st  pauls tomarrow at 6 against rummel pleas come support us we would appreciate it  thanks 
"how the f do i have 53 points on \the sweetness battle\"" i am not even close to that nice to anyone or thing  that \""cool\"" ether """
the mexican just asked if the saint were going to win  hahahahahaha what a freeken looser 
snow!!!!  laugh  shouldn't it b global cooling??
and that is y we are named the saint!
"i guess it was going to happen one day, didn't think of it today, oh well, its over with "
gave up on my last attempt to write a book and restarted  hopefully this one is better 
got a ping-pong table
<propfemale> ketalson: look how much comes out!!  <propfirst> perret: thats what she said 
still needs $105 =p
anyone want to go to the movies tonight?
happy new year
what is tomorrows schedule for school?
wants to be an oceanographer when i grow up  guess i need to see what happens 
"whats worse, not saying sorry, or saying it but not mean it at all "
what do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze 
osaka!!!!
"ill be home alone tomorrow only me and the mexican, and i'm throwing him out     who can say party?"
i am no longer becoming a fan of anything its so damn gay
see the saints don't suck! so who ever said they do can suck it!
random fact of the week? who thinks i should do it?
"got first place yesterday, and now i'm paying the price, i feel like shit "
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you ? "
=p
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uugaqlt-go4
"when i'm on myspace i always forget that there is not a \like\"" button"""
i think facebook likes to fuck with us and meses up the home <propfemale> every 2 month its so gay
new best friend in the making  smile  <propfemale> <propmale> = awsomness
"cant fined the cord to my camera, god dammit"
"just paint splatted a pair of white knock off vans, there pretty cool looking, putting pics of them up in a sec bc i have nothing better to do"
"tell me what u think of my new shoes, pics are up there are two pairs, <propmale>"
"finished my saints shoes putting pics up now, tell me what u think"
school on monday is going to b hell 
according to the tv my balls need me
it amazed me how fast school went by today
well i give up on that
"i fucking hate dumb ass people that think the government, church, or any other organization is out to get us "
y are parents so retarded?
aney one want to go to the movies tonight?
all the sweat hart photos are starting to piss me off
(text from last night) fucking canada  at least when they wake up tomorrow they're still in canada
likes to go back and look at the pics with comment chats and re read them
"just though of the best invention, now i need to make it a reality"
"wondering how many \friends\"" on facebook i have that i actually know """
feels like ssa bc i dont have school tomorrow
i say we ware our bandannas to school tomorrow 
wear ur uniform inside out tm for april fools
i'll go with the common status right now and say happy easter 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=evj1juh8jss&sns=em  the best song ever but it's stupid how the gay chiald started it off 
"just hooked my finger with a fishing hook, god that hurts =p"
"just realized that the reason i cant get a girl is because i haven't been looking in the right place, all i have to do is go into the kitchen "
"do you find it gay when a 14 year old mexican boy (the boy part is debatibal) is looking at twilite posters, i shure as hell do, damn mexicans "
the first day back to school wasn't as bad as i thought it would be 
"<propfirst>'s book revew enders game: good plot good caricters great beging and middle, tons of drama, suspence, it keeps you thinking, so i say, don't ever read it  it hate it  it has the worst ending posibal  ever  i would give it 4 stars out of 10 "
dude it's freeken thursday alreddy??
i love you!!!!! or do i?
"sorry about all the \presents\"" idk what happened but by accident i think i sent one to everyone """
sick to the stomach  idk how to take this one 
hacked by your baby! i love youu!
how do you delete your facebook?
"making pancakes, there good too, amazing huh?"
"i havnt had a good status up in a while, if i think of one i'll post it, until then go with it and pretend this one is good, thanks"
http annoyed  www formspring me follow stream
http annoyed  www formspring me qaperret 
maybe i can paint   
maybe i'm not as bad of a painter as i thought 
"when i was little i could have play dates, but for some reason my parents say that’s not appropriate now, im confused "
is there anything to do tonight? i dont want to be stuck in my house all week end 
hates when you don't know if you anoy some one or if they really want to be friends and all you can do is just sit there 
sudenly i realise this really is one shitty ass week end  god damn it 
"\kassum g\"" = one of the best youtube channals ever """
"just got my phone taken away for three days, why? because i did not use it while doing homework, what the fuck mom??"
so glad there is no gradution serimonie for me this year 
"may be going to work with my dad tomarrow, thank god, something to do other than sit inside all day "
http annoyed  www formspring me follow stream
"ya ok, i see how it is "
"just took 2 computer speerkers put the on the oposite side of my bed and pluged them into my ipod  not a good one but it's a sound system, and it's good enough for me "
"i finde it funny how i think \wow fresham year went by so fast\"" then i think \""wow homecoming was so long ago!\"" it's weird!!"""
well dont i just feel like shit 
"watching batman the original on hdnmv, i feel cool "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=y5c2gihneke&feature=player_embedded#!
did you really forget it? or did you just never know it?
has a bad headache
"\like\"" this statuse and i will wright nothing on your wall about you """
"wide awake and i don't know why, estatic, and don't know why, personaly i like it  smile "
district 9 = all around amazing 
"and so no longer dose \lol\"" stand for \""laugh out loud\"" but rather for \""lack of laughter\"" - the product of laying in your bed way to long """
"i love it\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=yghfbt-fxmw"
magnets are awsome
forwards in three
on my way to atlanta its a party in here 
it's good to be home 
my phone is acting up and its anoying the hell out of me 
"my new status bc the last one is old, good enough reason as any if you ask ne "
every thing about this is a great vidio http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=us-tvg40exm
"i slept for 9 houres, yet i'm still tired, wtf?"
bord out of my minde is there any thing to so today?
formspring me #profile i'm borde =p
any one want to go to the movies this week?
"i got taffaro for biology, but all my other classes are fine other than pichon, but i can live with that, should i still switch form taffaros class?"
"22 more days till school starts up again, god damn summer get exciting alreddy, i don't want to be the only one at school with out an exciting summer storie "
"just had force feed my dog, ladie, a heart worm pill, by pushing it down her throught  but my other dog, pooch, just took it  why can't ladie do that????"
inbox only: tell me something you have always wanted to tell me  it will stay between us  post this as your status and see what people message you 
should i draw or try and write? i suck at both but like to do them anyways and can't choos what to do 
got my hair cut
"i'm really confused about <propfirst> bieber singing and all that, i mean how can she? who let her out of the kitchen?"
"i'm really confused about <propfirst> bieber singing and all that, i mean how can she who let her out of the kitchen?"
i only have two bad classes this year as far as i can see so far  this year dosnt seem as bad as i thought it would be 
"some one want to talk? text me, 985-768-1378"
off to baton rouge!
i love healium  laugh 
oh shith not you again 
"dude, where the hell am i?"
"excuse me miss, but does this rag smell like chloroform"
"any one on here skate bord? i just got a shit ton of stuff from my brother consisting of wheels, bearings, wax and other things  i'm selling some giving away others"
carembats class is amazing 
"if when you put something on facebook it makes it facebook official, dose that mean all the girls that are \dating\"" other girls on facebook are real bc its on here?"""
"fell assleep at 4 and just woke up, crap  annoyed \"
"5\5 is an elite, nerdy way of saying \lol\"" see 120  \",46adaa23daa144a23403f629021e68c9,"feel like shit, think i'm sick, that means i can't do anything this weak end, fml "
"the movie \a beautiful mind\"" is amazing"""
going to transform my room into a movie theater  it's going to be amazing  but it's going to take forever to do
"i have seen at leest 4 new ralationships today, what so specal about today?"
"sanded down my boat after school today       apparently when you sand carbon fiber little parts of it get on your skin and sink in, so in other words, my arms and legs hurt like a bitch"
have you ever noticed that you don't realize how stupid something that you do is until some one else dose it?
when farmvill asked me if i want to post sum or send some thing saying i just got a ribbon or i did something better than some other person i feel the need to ask why the hell i would want to brag that i have no life to the extent that i would put it into another persons face 
my spoon is to big       
big idea project     more like big pain in the ass
i was just playing farmville and it gave me a notice that immigrants have showed up at my far mt work        its getting really life like 
i feel like i just went swimming    
how can some people be so fucking ignorant?
going down the drain       
"i was going to comment on every on all my happy birth day wishes, but i wasn't e playful ecting so manny when i woke up  thanks to every one"
ooooooooohhhhhhh??
if only i had a good camera   
all the fat photos are staring to freek me out
what classes do we have tomorrow?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=t4chcmtiiic&feature=youtube_gdata_player
carp =p
"i love how people on formspring ask who some one is, the point of it is so you don't know "
"if i could dislike statuses that would be amazing, but it would be even better if i could dislike stupid pages "
"i just wet to throw some trash away, i thew my food away insted, fuck "
it gets me mad when people dont put how old they are on their facebook 
"was in my room and i was bored, so i decided to make a hammock, its under my bed ill take pics and put them up soon "
"i love when i check on facebook to see who is on, and i see 100 people i dont know at all"
you have now lost the game 
"ya, that is a pain in the ass                  "
oh yay
"if \swiffer\"" make another shitty commercial i will kill them """
"im doing this bc you (<propfemale> leblanc) asked for me to, tbh "
i feel like shit 
"family guy is amazing, but the one problem is     how dose <propfirst> driver if he panelized?"
facebook people must think that people get a shit ton of divorces with how people say they are married to one another and then change it daily 
failure is feedback  and feedback is the breakfast of champions
"when people change there profile pic it throws me off for so long, and the less i know them the longer i get confused "
how did we meet?copy and paste this as your status and see who remembers 
"if japanese people have \sad eyes\"" and make fun of us for having \""round eyes\"" why the hell do they draw anime with big ass round eyes????"""
what classes do we have monday?
"myspace is like that pet you have had all your life, no mater what you do to it, it just won't die or run away "
"sick, crap "
what's up with every one having a pokiemon as their profial pic?
change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse! and invite your friends to do the same! spread the word!
"whats the title <propfemale> for kiper, for the servis hour paper, sapose to look like?"
got second place in wresting 
wants to go run arround out side goof off with friends 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only have one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or still fighting, or survived cancer, please post this as your status "
"\take this shit or get off the toilet\"" - mr  dickens"""
got 3rd for wrestling
dying for an act of heroisum to show it's self 
"the greatest man in history, jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master; had no degree, yet they called him teacher; had no medicines, yet they called him healer; had no army, yet kings feared him; won no military battles, yet he conquered the world; committed no crime, yet they crucified him; he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe in your heart he is the reason for the season "
"its christmas time, time to play halloween music "
what was that video that we watched in spanish called?
"got a hedgehog, a girl named \piquants\"" (its french for \""quills\"")"""
"district was fun, won both my matches"
"going to make waffles, this should be interesting "
"do we have a late start tomarrow? if so, when do we have to be there?"
tonsoflettersthatnoonewillunderstandunlesstheygetreallylucky
i want to have a bonfier at the end of the school with everyones old notes and ect  anyone elce in?
"having a hedgehog is awsome, but while i can personaly get past it's personality of poking me when i wake it up, i could live with out it peeing and pooping on me "
"phone is broken, can't text bc some buttons don't work "
"got 2nd in parish, season is over, now what?"
"phone is still broken, shit "
"dose any one have an old cell phone i can barrow for a week, give or take "
"talking late at night to people is always fun, unless you delushonal "
"if your dyslexic like this status, i need to know for a science project "
"carambat project fing sucks, my whole video is going to blow "
"some times i look back at the stuff i did a year or two ago and the only thing that runs though my mind is \what the fuck was i thinking?\"""""
anyone have a recording studio by <propmale>?
"i want some big pieces of cypress  wood, anybody happen to have some"
"new phone, finally "
"\a woman will make you step on your <propmale> and make you glad you did\"" - <propmale> mang"""
