24c9748d82014682a26fe036f5f84c1f
"is thanking everyone for the prayers! mom did great in the surgery, and she will be home today! you are all awesome, thanks again!  laugh "
is uber excited for tomorrow  smile )
hmmm    kind of annoyed 
help: i have to find an activity for 80 4th and 5th graders to do on monday night!!!!!
correction i need help for next tuesday    
: annoyed aughing at the irony::
wishes she knew spanish better; she wanted to <propfemale> on a conversation with those customers 
is waiting for the mail to come 
just received the mail!!!  laugh 
really hates it when customers are mad and there's nothing i can do about it!!! grrrr :[
doesn't understand why she is so addicted to updating these stupid statuses  she really should stop 
"needs to work on some stuff around the house, but she really doesn't want to!"
is going to work out at 630 in the morning!
"::work, work, work   ugh::"
::work   enough said::
is excited for tonight!! going to the drive-in with the besties!  laugh 
can't believe she only has 18 days left in the <propmale> 
::16 days & i'm outta here::
going to party it up tonight   hee hee   nah i'm just going to a birthday party  laugh 
just said good-bye to her best friend  sad 
"dear workday, i would really like to go home to sleep the rest of the day away  so, if you will please hurry & get finished "
really wants the 28th to get here asap!
"thinks it's gonna be harder to leave than she thought, but she is still super ready to go!"
ready for the 28th 
is unemployed     wow! i never thought i would be so upset about this!
wishes she knew how to stand up for herself 
"spent the day in tulsa, now she is totally zonked!"
"is excited for the 28th, but she still has so much work to do before then!"
"got her whole to-do list for today finished, plus part of tomorrow's!"
just got her parents set up on facebook! finally!!!  laugh 
"finished her to-do-list again, plus more! i am on a roll!  laugh "
is all packed! we just gotta load the cars up!   i think i packed way too much   sad 
moving to the hill today!
began her first morning on the hill at 7 smile 0 this morning  too early!
"loves living on the hill, and she is super excited to sleep-in!"
"is gonna go to lunch soon  mmm, yummy!"
": laugh epartmental meetings, thrill on the hill (maybe), then movie night in ely 101!!!!  laugh "
"is so tired, but loves movie nights with her floormates!  laugh "
has her first day of classes!
loved her first day of classes!
is headed to class   but no lab today! yay!!!
going to go swimming around 7 if anyone else wants to come!
swimming was awesome  i definitely like feeling accomplished!
": sad lass, library, class, study::"
time to read!  laugh 
: surprise nly one class today!  laugh 
"is reading animal farm  oh, how i love <propfirst> orwell "
doesn't want to go to class in the rain  :[
class is finished for the day  kinda wish i was going home to see my best friends 
"\can i take my picture now? once you done with your daddy!\""---said maddy """
going to the sorority complex::football::maybe foam party   laugh 
"::not going to the foam party, but going to watch gran tarino instead   laugh "
changed all her plans and went to play volleyball at the sand volleyball courts for her evening of fun   laugh 
headed to church soon 
just took a nice dip in the pool::going to dinner soon: playful hysics homework: sad alc homework::
"doesn't feel too well, so she's going to  bed soon "
"can't believe we have school on labor day  i wasn't upset until i realized every other college, university and school district will not be in session tomorrow "
ugh    
"hates getting texts from her bestie telling her it's not going well at all  i wish i were home, so i could be with her during this hard time  rip <propfemale> "
is doing some laundry  first load of laundry since i moved to the hill 
has the best hall mates ever!!! you all should be jealous!  laugh  i love you girls 
09-09-09 is a pretty cool day!  laugh 
had so much fun chilling with <propfemale> in her dorm! i've missed you so much girl 
"got the job! thank you jesus, you rock my socks!"
is sitting in her room 
this whole church at 11 o'clock thing is quite amazing!!!
is headed to leavenworth to see her cousins! woot woot!  laugh 
has had a great sunday!
kinda ready for this day to be over with 
"got a new laptop, and i love it!  laugh "
ugh   i'm not very happy right now
"“a proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you're looking down, you can't see something that's above you \--c s  <propfirst>"""
"dear week, could you please hurry up! thanks much, terianne"
is pissed! alcohol education is not needed in the first year class at <propfirst>!!! we had this education in 7th grade!!!!
had a really bad nightmare 
has already gotten so much accomplished   hmm    keep going!  laugh 
1 more day!!!!
": surprise ne class, two hours at work, dance on quad, sleepover, then my sister will be here!!!!"
gets to see her family today! woo hoo!!!!
hm   what an interesting day so far?!
can't wait to go home tomorrow   laugh 
can't believe she is having to pack to go home  this is the strangest feeling ever   annoyed 
is not feeling so hot  can i go to bed yet?
: sad lass got cancelled!!!!
"going to bed    still feel awful, going to the doc in the morning "
is waiting for her daddy to get onto facebook chat so she can talk to him!
loves watching new shows on hulu!
is headed to leavenworth to chill with the cousins!!!  laugh  yay!!! family time!
"had a great time with the fam  so, happy at least some of them live close to me!  laugh "
is thanking jesus for the great friends she has!
is so thankful that we haven't forgotten her  we'll always remember her smiling face and her crazy spirit 
i'm going to be funny right now  (enter funny statement here)  <propfemale> segerstrom nishimura and grace minton are way too funny 
"dear nobel committee, may i have a nobel peace prize, also? i broke up <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale>by <propfemale>'s fight today; however, they still hit each other after i left! i'll be e playful ecting my letter in the mail  sincerely, terianne"
can't wait to go home tomorrow!!  laugh 
is headed  home in 2 hrs   laugh 
is kind of excited to go back to school!
loves her besties 
nap time!  laugh 
"dear facebook, please stop changing the layout!  i just got used to the other one!  thanks much, terianne"
needs sleep hard core 
is headed home this weekend  rip <propfirst>  i'll miss you and love you forever 
doesn't want to go to written comm 
isn't going home this weekend  i think i'll be there next weekend though 
hmm   the quiet of the night  laugh 
and <propfemale> segerstrom nishimura just rearranged their room!
is ready for the weekend
is ready for the ghost hunt! gano chapel be there at 8!
thinks that was stuff was too real  now i know why god says to leave that stuff alone 
is headed home in 3 5 hours!  laugh 
is back at school 
it was a beautiful day!!!
"dear veterans & those still serving,  thank you for providing and protecting the  freedom i love so much! you are greatly  appreciated and never forgotten  i hope you  all have a wonderful day! ? terianne"
is excited for tonight! one homeless night is going to be pretty cool 
hmm   today!?!
"oh boy, it's cold out there!"
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it work "
thinks everyone back home should know that it's snowing on the hill! it's so beautiful 
"dance with god, and he will let the right man cut in   love "
"one thing finished on the to do list--many, many  more to go!  love "
"is 3 exams, one class and one lab away from home! can't wait to see everyone!  love "
"is 1 exam down, 2 exams to go, one class and one lab away from home! can't wait to see everyone!  love "
"is 2 exams down, 1 exam to go, one class and lab away from home!  love "
"::jesus, thank you for these exams being finished!:: one class and lab away from home!  love "
it's a beautiful day! thank you jesus!
"is frustrated that when she got to chipotle, they stopped serving free burritos!  sad "
does not like waiting for people  i guess i'm a little impatient!!! grr   please hurry up!
"is having a bit of an off day: been late to almost everything, embarrassing moment, & super tired  oh well, definitely gotta make this day better "
"love the cold weather, but is definitely praying for snow!"
is having a wonderful day! god is so good!  laugh 
::thank you jesus for the snow that you have given us here on the hill!!!  love ::
is finished with all of her classes for the semester! now it's finals time and then heading home!  laugh 
"::happy, happy, joy, joy, it's almost christmas time!  laugh "
can tell it's finals time when facebook has tons of people online still!
is praying for everyone during finals week! i hope everything goes well for everyone 
thinks it's fun to see college students react to christmas break like little kids react to christmas day! oh how i can't wait to be home! in 24 hours i will be leaving the hill!
is officially finished with her first semester of college!
had a great day chilling with her momma!  love  you mom!
is so ready for friday! i  love  christmas!!
had so much fun shopping with her mom! i'm so ready for christmas!!!  laugh 
"baked the cookies, and now it's time to decorate them   tomorrow   laugh  it's almost christmas!"
"thank you, jesus for the awesome friends and family!  love "
"i'm listening to you, <propfemale> moriondo, on 100 5 the wolf!"
just listened to on amazing country song!
just listened to an amazing country song!  love 
"is excited for lunch with the girls tomorrow, and super stoked to see her best friend, <propfemale> roach  laugh "
"is heading to springfield for the day  if you think of it, pray for my mom today, please!"
is watching gran torino with tatelyn while she paints my nails  smile )
blood drive at first christian church 1-5pm today!! you should come!
hates this feeling   
black
is hoping this day will get better 
knows that through god all things are possible 
"is eating ice cream and waiting for half time to be finished, so i can watch the cowboys beat the eagles "
is ready to get back to the hill
"misses her best friend, <propfemale> roach  i wish you were still in mv <propmale>!"
"as we grow up, we learn that even the one person that wasn't supposed to ever let us down probably will "
"basically, i have the best friends in the world--most importantly, <propfemale> roach and <propmale> kalbaugh  i love you guys!"
i danced with my best friend's boyfriend in your bathroom because i'm cool like that 
is excited for a night out!  laugh 
house is clean; mom is happy; and i am ready to go out!
is all packed up and ready to move back onto the hill tomorrow!
is ready for her first day of classes!
has completed her first moodle posting ever!
is waiting   rather impatiently 
is going to work out so she can watch the colts' game!  laugh 
way to go boys!
"interview went well, and now it's time to do some homework!"
ugh   class please be done for the day!
":when one door closes, another one opens:"
"dear monday, you were terrible   i need the weekend already!"
"in christ, there are no goodbyes, and in christ there is no end  so, i'll hold onto jesus with all that i have to see you again  -mercyme"
thinks <propfemale> segerstrom nishimura is a little too optimistic about facebook's new look 
is having a conversation with <propfemale> segerstrom nishimura about <propmale> charming 
is an <propfemale> gam girl!
is getting really frustrated with the way the colts are playing! come on guys!
 sad 
we'll just have to get 'em next year boys!
:you're only afraid of your fears until you face them:
is so blessed to have her wonderful gam sisters!  love 
thinks she can see the silver lining 
"be kinder than necessary, for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle "
it's such a b-e-a-u-tiful day on the hill!
"j s  mill you might be the death of me   oh well, let's do this!"
is so happy her mill paper is finished  laugh 
the snow is stinking beautiful!
and <propfemale> segerstrom nishimura rearranged our dorm room!
~  love  ??? ~
is so proud to be a gam!
really would like to know who her gam mom is right now!  laugh 
"\three things in human life are important  the first is to be kind  the second is to be kind  the third is to be kind \"" --<propfirst> <propfirst>"""
is so excited for tomorrow: preaching at church & finding out who my mom is! oh   it's going to be a great day  laugh 
is so excited megan-danielle mcconnell is my mom!  love  ya!
is so ready for spring break!  laugh 
is home for spring break!!!
"is asking god to <propmale> her the <propfemale>, knowledge and willingness to get through the rest of this week!"
is so excited for easter! it's one of my favorite times of the year!  love 
he is risen! happy easter everyone  may you enjoy this beautiful day god has given us!
thinks this day could get over as soon as it pleases!
"thinks if she e playful ects everything; she won't get anything, and if she e playful ects nothing; she will get something "
"\when life you gives you 100 reasons to cry  give life 1000 reasons to smile!\"""""
"\today is the day that the lord has made  let us rejoice and be glad in him!\"""""
"\my friends are my estate \""- <propfemale> dickinson"""
is at relay for life! cancer sucks!!!
"has royals tickets for a night she can't go, if anyone would like them let me know!!!"
wants to be finished with this essay   
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child    what would you want people to do? it doesn't matter how far away you live "
is proud to be an <propfemale> gam!
"is finished with classes, and now only has 2 finals until summer!"
is enjoying her evening with <propfemale>!!!
"wishes she was gonna be at home with her awesome momma, <propfemale> pitts  i love you momma!!"
"dance with god, and he will let the right man cut in   god give me the <propfemale> to continue dancing with you!"
"senior bbq!! oh, agd seniors i already miss you!  love "
": surprise ne final down, one to go::"
: sad an't never could do nothing 'til he tried!::
is just hours away from being home!  love 
"is checked out of ely, and has a final then i'm outta here!"
is home bound!
::beneath the makeup & behind the smile i'm just a girl who wishes for the world  ~marilyn <propmale>
"good morning <propmale>, florida! you are beautiful!  smile )"
we work hard to do the best job possible  -walt disney
"goodbye, <propmale>! i will be seeing you again! that's for sure   smile )"
is home from florida 
"to st  <propfirst> and back in one day, but it's great to have <propfirst> rivera here in the us for camp!  laugh "
would like to say 'thank-you' to the men and women of <propfemale> who have served and who are currently serving our great country! the work you do will never be forgotten and   is always much appreciated!
"is settled into the cottage at rickman, and ready for a kickin' summer full of camp!!"
t-minus 2 hours and campers will be arriving!
first two days of camp=extreme success!
9th grade camp here we go!  smile )
"elem  1 finishes tomorrow, then elem  2, then finally a break!"
"you haven't heard real praise and worship until you have heard the sound of 48 2nd & 3rd graders singing at the top of their lungs! oh, how i love camp "
678 mad camp!!!! here we go! it's gonna be a wonderful week   laugh 
thinks god gave her amazing friends for a reason! and i thank him for it every day!
it doesn't matter if the world is pulling you down  with christ you have everything -nick <propmale>
"have i not commanded you? be strong and courageous  do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the lord your god will be with you wherever you go --joshua 1:9"
is excited about getting back to <propfirst> in 5 days!
gets to see the wonderful <propfemale> krohn and <propfemale> evans this evening!
t-minus 48 hours and i will be moved into my room in browning!  laugh 
"is back on the hill, finally "
::whoa! i'm a sophomore!::
thinks everyone should come out to cua's 2nd night of their 3-night stand  we're going to play some sand volleyball! be there at 8!
didn't know there are different ways to do significant figures!  annoyed 
"'s family came to kc today, and surprised her by bringing the best brother, thadius pitts, and sister, tatelyn pitts, along! i love my family!"
thinks everyone on <propfirst>'s campus should get out to sigma <propfemale> and chill with us! wear your white & bring ¤3!
had a wonderful afternoon at worlds of fun with the fabulous <propfemale> wright!  love 
has truly been blessed by god! he has given me amazing friends and family! thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone!  love 
thinks god is pretty awesome to have provided this wonderful nation with people who serve and sacrifice for the amazing freedoms we have! thank you to all who have served for our country!
<propfirst> football wins!!!  smile 
loves the mysterious ways god continues to work in her life!  laugh 
is watching <propfirst> softball play in a tournament 
homecoming week!!!!:::::the soccer tailgate has been moved to the union due to the weather!!!
really enjoys when science teachers make literature jokes!  laugh 
will always remember how beautiful she was!
"this week is\love my sister week! if you have a sister that has made you laugh,\wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you\fail,cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your\status sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! post\if you   have an amazing sister!!!!!\\i love you tatelyn pitts!!!!"
"thinks mella kays, <propfemale> drane, <propfemale> strombach & <propfemale> carver should check out the picture i posted on breezy <propmale>'s profile!  laugh   love "
"first year women at <propfirst>, come see what the greek life can offer you at the greek pj party at 6 pm tonight!"
"\be a good listener  encourage others to talk about themselves \"" -<propfirst> carnegie"""
<propfemale> gam haunted house right now! <propfemale> house!!!! get out here!!!!!!!!
got the nintendo set up & playing it with my roommate!
go confidently in the direction of your dream  live the life you have imagined  -<propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau
everyone go buy step show tickets!!! it's going to be legit!
just won usher tickets from the unity step show!!!!!!  smile )
is thinking of her sister tatelyn pitts on her birthday!  love  you!
just saw the cars 2 preview and is so excited to see it next summer!!!!!!
is watching elf with my parents!  smile 
is so thankful god has given me such wonderful family and friends!
13 days until christmas break! so excited to be finished with this semester 
got her passport today!  laugh 
"is trying to study for her psychology final; however, she's getting completely distracted by facebook "
is 1 final away from christmas break!!!
is finished forever with chemistry!
loves christmas <propfemale> with the family!  love 
is enjoying a wonderful night at home with the fam!  love 
loves when her mom makes grilled turkey & cheese  and <propmale> & cheese for lunch!  smile 
will be reunited with <propfemale> <propfemale> lence in one week!  love 
"grace by definition according to <propfirst> giglio is \god at work\""  this sums it up perfectly; i haven't heard a better definition """
just saved almost $300 by renting her textbooks from chegg com!
is on the way back to <propfirst>!  smile 
"formal recruitment 2011 - go greek :: agdztadpi :: letters today, leaders tomorrow "
go greek :: agdztadpi ::
go greek :: agdztadpi ::
"\all you need to do is go to the bahamas and fall in love with a boy who has a private jet!\""--megan-danielle mcconnell"""
new baby squirrels!!!!!!
is waiting for her last class to get canceled  come on comm theory!!
anyone have boy meets world on dvd here at <propfirst>?!?
\jesus' love is so powerful it does the following things\,24c974 laugh 82014682a26fe036f5f84c1f,"great afternoon downtown with cailynn hayter & <propfemale> buening  now a wonderful night with the best friend, <propfemale> roach!!!"
mom-dot reveal! yay   laugh 
is in st  <propfirst> 
is spending this beautiful afternoon sitting in the sun on the lawn of the arch!  smile 
thinks today is a beautiful day on the hill!  laugh 
doesn't care for this weather  can we have last week's weather back?!
"is going to spend the afternoon with the best brother in the world, thadius pitts!!!"
had a wonderful night with <propfemale> amick & <propfemale> krohn! love you girls!
is maximizing facebook usage today because tomorrow i'm giving it up for lent! here comes the most productive 40 days of my college life!  laugh 
