94876ffa6abcf9f569746b0a0c3af5a2
yay!!!!  club was a blast! and was nice bringing in  a new yr with my bf and good friend bubba!
lifes a beoch along with breakups!
another day at home by myself      bored as all can be
few     feel a bit better  took a 3 hour nap after church lol
dreading the thought of goin into dennys and working  already did my full time job  and now i have to go in at 6  sad 
tired from the club  & black and white party wasnt to bad at the chart  love those hot lesi bartenders lol
oh and im goin to gay brunch today i guess at 11 in mt p   
cant wait to see a certain somebody again!
well im goin to bed    and wakin up a yr older    yay me
thank you all for the wonderful wishes and happy bday messages  loved them lol  had a great day btw and cant wait to do my bday dinner tomm at myabis!
jus got back from the club     and found out that the 1 person i that i liked i was buggin the hell out of             lifes a bitch             and its hard as hell to read pp   sad 
oh wow  been forever since ive been on here  been so damn busy
so im hoping pantheon is hoppin 2nite! fingers r crossed cause its <propmale> day tomm! hope to see some of u guys out
few  back from the club  was droppin it like it was hot fo sho! loved it along with all the attention lol
fuck this shit  tired of ppl playin games  and i fuckin have bronchitus on top of this bs
i went 2 the doc yest & found out i have the swine flu! feel like poo & i have 2 be off work 4 a wk! cant wait till bills come ard  just makes me miss my ex  i so miss cuddlin & some1 2 always b there  and 2 come home 2  speacially in times like this when i so could use some tlc!what makes a relationship all the more better  makes u miss what u had  & makes me wonder y any1 in there right mind would want 2 be single 
any1 know any1 that is looking for a place to stay? roomy is moving out
whats evey gettin into tonight?
ok happy new year blah blah    who was your first kiss of 2011!?!?
well im bored here waiting for a certain some1 to get done with hmwk! but i love u <propfirst>! lol
cant go to sleep       and fell bad bc my bf is sick  sad 
hope u feel better <propfirst> miles-sturey! love u
i just wanna say fuck life
u take 2 freakin steps forward and 10 backwards! hate it!
glad to be off work! god bless yall workin at chenega now! lol
5:45am pls come slower thank quicker lol  if any1 one is up b4 that and wants to give me a call to get me up i'd love ya!
chilin at home before i have to work again  sad 
"god, had a great night with my bf <propmale>  and ate so much damn shit at early bird with <propmale>, and damn <propfemale> lol   glad to see some ya bithces out tonight"
so glad to see my ex with a diffrent trick every night  make ya so glad not to be with them  luv ya <propmale>  wink 
bored b4 next class! gettin in the swing of summer classes suck! late for my first class today  surprise 
whoever said keep your friends close and your enemies closer is a pure genius!
i love you baby
at home studying for 3 tests! and had a good time at gay beach day
few! done with my business law test! think i did really good!
i dont think its a good thing when ur bank account is balanced at 911  annoyed 
ok so every1 knows we were joking yest  and i didnt realize it would show engaged if <propfirst> didnt accept it
so peeps if you know me and we are friends and you haven't already received a text from me then send me an email with your number
few took my test for the secret service hope it went well
so i was just thinking there is this one coworker i used to be on the same shift with but i've never seen any1 with so much arm hair  its like they could make a couple blankets at once from all the arm hair  if any1 is interested a blanket let me know  i'll cut off some hair while he's sleeping on post
"three things: 1 i'm still waiting to hear back from the ss  2 work is crazy  i don't look at my sched more than one day at a time, its to disappointing  3 if you wake up at chenega its time to go home, if you wake up at home its time to go to chenega  (motto per smith)"
"ok so i don't know who da hell convinced me to go to the chart, the biggest lesi bar on a fri night! what was i thinking"
yay pantheon
"save the 50 questions, we've been broke up for a good minute now, it was mutual and it was due  looking for friends and thats about it \ thanks\tls"
"few, j is out and we can start moving on and heal"
"ok so i've been waiting and waiting and finaly-\\dear <propfirst> sturey,\\you have passed the police officer selection test (post), administered by the united states secret service"
patricks for pool anyone?
"went to red orchids last night and it was the bomb, thinking about going there for my bday"
"what's everyone doing tonight?????\first sun i don't have to work in the morn and everyone is busy ot going out of town"
is it bad when the only thing keeping you afloat & not going insane is knowing that some bastard has <propfemale> coming to him???¿¿¿???
"ok so i'm at the best job that could ever be this morn        i'm standing there talking to a coworker and a <propfemale> tries to go up my nose, and ends up stinging the tip of my nose!! and then leaves the stinger in, for real <propfemale>!!"
chart tonight anyone? wanna shoot some pool here
"just wanted to day good morning all, hope you have a good day  i'll be stuck at chenega for 12hrs   "
"another great day at chenega  ofc may decides to run to chief like a lil bitch cause i said \are you fucking kidding me\"" to him  so i get written up for disrespecting an officer    when i was up there to relieve him per chief and he wasn't listening to me """
"just wanted to thank you all for the birthdays wishes and love!!! kinda going through a bit right now and y'all defanatly made my day! \thanks again,\<propfirst>"
"thanks again for all the bay wishes, never had so many before! had a great day!"
"sooooooooo i got some good news today, continuing on with the secret service, i have an interview oct 12th at 10am!!!!!! time to go buy a suite i suppose       "
"few, interview only took 2 5hrs! but hopefully it  will be worth it  will find out approximately  45days"
"i wish some ppl would grow the hell up, and give to shits abt there significant other!"
yay for me!!!!!!!!!!!! just had the worst day in a long long long time!!!!!!!!!!! thank you oct 26!
feeling like a nut
can't wait! less than two days!
6 hrs to go!  then i'll vfw off work and ?!?!
this weekend went by way to fast!!! but i had an amazing amazing amazing weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"all good things must cone to an end, sucks when you didn't even see it coming"
fuck ppl who think they are your friends! aka lm!!!!!!!!!!
"so i was just told: if i had a pussy, i'd put a ring on your finger and marry you  you can freaking cook  lmao"
i really shouldnt leave my phone with a stranger
"anyone going to patricks tonight that it will make it worth while?? oh wait i'm going, that will suffice"
