fea4e5e5a0aecdde00c492b8ab5125ea
summer!  smile 
"put ? this ? on ? your ? wall ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? what i wish the most for 2010, is a cure for cancer! ?"
has a love hate relationship with snow
"reading    the rape of the mind: the psychology of thought control in the course of investigations concerning thought control, menticide, and brainwashing, it has become clearer that more attention must be given to the means by which inner preparedness for mental submission is brought about "
"unobtrusively, personal development and various cultural influences can make man more vulnerable to suggestion and ideological attack  call to the reader's attention the creeping intrusion into our minds by technology and bureaucracy, and how special forms of prejudice and mass delusion can take possession of our minds before we are aware of it "
the suburbs    a place of wide lawns and narrow minds -ernest hemingway
oh nooo i lost my voice  sad 
on days like today i really want to run  not to get somewhere but to run away   
welcome to the dark side
some ppl cant be trusted as far as u can through a cheese stick
no no i wasnt lying! i was being sarcastic   
i have a food baby 
real people live real lives  so be real or die 
#757-812-2893  hit me up
what you see is what you get
im bored  somebody draw me a picture 
i wish facebook a dislike buttons
"people say nothing is impossible, but i do nothing every day  - whinnie the pooh"
im practically locked in a tower anymore    byebye internet 
im officially going to lafayette for my senior year    adios amigos!
is not sure
is away from her computer at the moment but maybe if u said something more interesting she would respond
fun is in the heart of all sin
logic has its place in life but will only get in the way of making a meaningful heart connection
life is beautiful  appreciate it 
apparently im grounded because my dad is bored and its my fault
i cleaned a boat today that was so dirty that there was a sapling growing out of the cockpit  no joke 
love is the absolute worst and the absolute best part of being a human being
today i could feel the season of fall seeping into the air  sad  it tastes funny
neeed     caffeine ~_~(sleepyface)
*awkward silence*
<propmale>'s pants are comfy x)
"a pessimistic is never disappointed because they always e playful ect the worst  complaining,however, is a result of optimism "
happy face
kids these days   
"really needs her glasses back, <propfemale>"
is having so much fun at work that she's sitting on facebook writing about it
aw look how motivational you sound with your words  im going to need a lot more than that 
i feel fried today
woke up just in time for lunch! then anatomy  better get going   
"ppl, stop sending bad energy to others over facebook  its not cool "
"<propmale> morrison, after listening to their live album, i must admit  you were right and <propmale> <propfirst>'s band is jesus "
needs a friend
got what she wanted
all things must end
nom nom nom
i think i was <propfemale> <propfemale> in my past life  let them eat cake!
alright everybody  here we go  take a slow deep breath in              and let it out 
"just for the record, i'm a smart girl who recognizes sincerity when its there  and when its not "
cleaning house today  while listening to <propfirst> bowie! x)
what is this? am i being ignored?
shopping tonight concert tomorrow  nothing to complain about   
? ? ?? ? ??? ? ?? ???
i give up
either the world is crashing down around me or i just sank down to its center where i am melted and compressed  i think that it has caused my personality to turn inside out and backwards 
<propfirst>'s a pony  giggle 
is slowly removing her flamethrower from her purse
love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way
i could've talked to you all night if i hadnt fallen asleep
maybe she is cut out to <propmale> in drama
i like it on the counter
its not okay when people disappear
raving to some techno! with my baby sister x)
there are too many posts on here that i have something rude to comment about  im too nice to actually speak my mind to everyone so i just sit here talking to myself 
has a sugar hangover
its friday night  time to do my laundry    somebody please make my night more interesting!
i dont know if ill be out of my rebellious phase by the time i move out  having come to the realization that i am going through a phase is a big leap  that should be a good sign  to my parents: <propfemale> in there 
"whats on my mind today? nothing but jelly beans, soda, and anything else containing sugar"
 love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
"sure i want to get my life straight but if seeing my boyfriend for a couple minutes after school isnt straight, i never will be "
"\\""likes unnecessary \""quotation marks\""\""\"""""
it doesn't matter  who is without a flaw?
<propmale> <propmale>
thinks violence solves nothing
rat dissections in anatomy class today and mine was pregnant! the babies were so cute! and dead   
is excited for tomorrow!
" love \inside im all giddy\"" love """
cant wait to eat all the recees and give away the m&ms muhahahahaha
will somebody please come get me and take me somewhere new
i need a time machine
"?want to put my tender heart in a blender\watch it spin around into a beautiful oblivion\rendezvous then i'm through with you?"
why is everyone getting facebook married? you think youre so original!
i want my mommy
should i be nervous?    naw
my kitchen sink is officially a biology e playful eriment
im home!
my nerves are shot to death
yes
i dont care
so this is    is civilization  where's the civilized part?
everybody's got a hungry heart
i've found a reason for me to change who i used to be  a reason to start over new and the reason is you
lost my (most likely stolen) ipod which contained 3000 of my favorite songs    cds wont stop skipping  im about to have a breakdown!
i am bored enough to use a comparison that doesnt make sense for the entertainment value =b
nice day
applying for several job openings today
<propfemale> and i have a way with older men (particularly men who qualify as senior citizens)  wink 
i just want to go to sleep so i can wake up and pretend like everything is okay
i dont really know any of you
i just returned from foodlion with some apples for my mom  now i have to go back out for more food  i dispise my license sometimes 
calling all nice people! where have you gone? if you consider yourself a kind person like this status 
that was predictable
he ate my heart
i cared  i always did 
never trust a hoe
men and moving cars are biological enemies
love conquers all  especially me 
pokémon profile pic month is genius  its an entire month of recieving spontanious childhood memories when you visit facebook  and who doesn't miss childhood?
alright thats it! no more throwing lighters in the firepit cause im going to get nice and close  *kaboom* ow 
"in my world everyone is a butterfly, and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies!"
"as im typing this a have a three year old placing a colander on my head yelling,\super taylor!\"" and begging me to play    g2g"""
is running away from her moniter to hide in the closet
"boys  dont trust them as far as you can throw them  if youre like me, you cant throw them at all "
caps lock is the cruise control for cool
"so let me get this straight (no pun intended), <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all!"
define awkward
memories    who needs them?
a scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood
i have no life    there is literally nothing in my life worth disgussing right now  somebody give me some life 
im so sad  ice sking with <propfirst> hudson cancled cause of this ugly blanket of h20 
the sky needs to stop destroying my plans
letting go of your love is like     dissecting a part of yourself  if you take it one step at a time it hurts less but if you get it over with     its done 
where is the love the love the love?
"a guy i like to call sir <propmale> <propmale> once said,\for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction \"""""
seriously?
"a whoop bop a loopa, a whoom bam boom"
"so i just saw a puppy in my \people you may know\"" window  i checked it out and somebody's dog had like 40 friends"""
"as time marches relentlessly into the future, the universe has its own intentions in store"
misery is just your mind's way of telling you that it's hungry
"so my catholic grandmother comes in my room when im not home, removes my favorite grateful dead poster, and burns it  she reduced it to a pile of ashes  my dad said something about it being a demonic reference but i was screeming too much to hear him  crying "
i can't handle this
only 2 more days in new <propmale>!
chill out
"i've seen fire and i've seen rain \i've seen <propfemale> days that i thought would never end \i've seen lonely times when i could not find a friend \but i always thought that i'd see you again"
how should i feel?
in 1984 the political scientist <propfirst> flynn reported that americans had gained about 13 8 iq points in 46 yrs  if ppl taking an iq test today were scored in the same way as people 50 yrs ago then 90% of them would be classified in the genius level
"the theory of music  a wave traveling at the perfect measurement to capture the focuss of millions of ears  if i have anything to live for, it is this "
"ive been suprising myself with this new optimistic view lately  it must have been hiding somewhere  i blame you, <propmale> <propmale> "
dear facebook     goodnight 
somebody please teach these boys some manners  where have all the values gone?
feelin good today
"life isnt perfect but when you ignore the bad stuff, it totally is "
"coming back to lafayette tomorrow, yall  prepare yourselves "
"the one time i have plans, people ask me to <propfemale> out  irony is my best friend "
subliminal message to <propmale> <propmale>  *cold beer* *a clock that tells you youre late* hope it goes through  that boy has a pretty thick skull  playful 
"even if you act a fool, dont let the world get you down"
advil=joy
does anyone know how to interpret dreams?
was kidnapped from newtown by <propmale> heck and <propfirst> cason  did not c that one coming
just sitting here blowing bubbles  thats my new euphemism for being bored 
<propfemale> neilson got kidnapped by her parents
i was not ready for this day to end
"today i hit an e in the third piano octive comfortably which, for me, means my range is deepening  yay puberty!"
this day was incredible  i made new friends and was chosen to sing a solo part in district chorus  inevitably i found my way to brendans arms once again  couldnt possibly be more satisfied  goodnight
xxoo
he has a way of making my day the best that it can be
im so happy
why must we glorify violence?
i have felt competely at peace all day long  maybe its the weather or maybe its just that good times are ahead  or both  smile 
"your car is japanese  your vodka is russian  your pizza is italian  your kebab is turkish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is brazilian  your movies are american  your tea is tamil  your shirt is indian  your oil is saudi arabian  your electronics are chinese  your <propfirst> arabic, your letters latin  and you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant? pull yourself together! copy if you're against racism "
my boyfriends room is a black hole 
nastyyyyyyy haha <propfirst> is cool
hahahahahahahaha  no 
trainee red cross nurses ruined my day  oh and my arm  and my dignity 
nap time
im grounded    rofl
not a good day at all
when people get played like cards its time to stop acting like one
"dad, a clean house is a sign of a wasted life"
forget all your haters <propfemale> is for lovers  love 
just got home from the sausage festivities
"i miss <propfemale> and grisham so much  <propfemale> welford lucy-kirkland, won't you take me to see them?"
strange day
stimmulate the economy  not the government 
love begets love
i got a job!
i got a job!
i smelled a smurf in a hole because big bird said to and he's my leader 
9 more weeks of school! im counting down starting now
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
home with no one to come home to  i worked two jobs today  waxing boats this morning and hosting the rest  we had about 30 people on the waiting list and ran out of a lot of food  probably will be late for school 2morrow and dont care at this point 
i would so much rather sleep than go to work tonight
<propmale> <propmale> is the sexiest man alive!!
"a real woman always keeps her house clean and organized  she's always well-dressed, with her hair done  she never swears and behaves gracefully in all situations  she has more than enough <propfemale> to take care of her family, always has a smile on her face and a kind word for everyone  post this in your status if you too suspect that you might be a man    "
just got back from shopping with my mom and sister and i got my prom dress  pics will probably be up by the end of the month  i miss my family already  love you guys!
party at lafayette today deticated to the spreading of cancer  just kidding it was for raising funds for cancer  but it was still totally sick  pun intended 
