c15f563e40fd06aac968ea5d927521e8
yay!!! graduating in 11 5 hours!!!
sick baby = sleepy mommy
so happy to finally have my computer!!!!
"my body is not perfect but i  nurtured a beautiful baby and i'm proud! too bad if we don't look  perfect--but every <propfirst>, every line, and every bit of skin represents  our beautiful babies and what we have done for them  having a baby is no  easy task, we are strong, we are brave and we should be proud of  ourselves  put this as your status if you are a proud mom"
<propmale> and i met 4 years ago today!!!
moving tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish my stuff would unpack itself   
"its daughter week!!! if you  have one daughter or more who makes your life interesting and fun, is a  blessing in your life and makes life worth living, copy and paste this  to your status  the world would not be the same without my beautiful  daughter  smile  !"
ugh    back to work in 8 5 hours    is it thursday yet??
oh    friday comes early for me this week    one more day of work then a lovely 4 days off with my husband and beautiful children    i can't wait!!
it is soooo hot in my apartment    if i wasn't so cheap i would turn th a c on   
my little boy is getting so big    why can't they stay babies forever??
"off to bed, gotta go back to work tomorrow    at least i had a nice 4 day weekend, although i wish i had one every week"
i had too many days off and now i am dreading the rest of the work week    no more 4 day weekends for me    maybe a 3 day weekend tho   
sooooo tired   
i hate being sick    can't find anything that will bring my fever down    anyone know of anything    tylenol hasn't worked at all   
excited to finally have a day off so i can spend the day playing with my baby!!!
"i traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon  hair cuts for ponytails, long showers for hairy legs, late nights for  early mornings, designer purses for diaper bags and i wouldn't change a  thing!! i love my children!! with mother's day drawing near lets see how  many mom's repost this  mom's don't care what we have to give u      p  for our kids! ~ i would give up everything for my children      and i  have:~)"
only monday    really?? i wish tomorrow was friday   
"it's \son week\"" ? if you have a son \",c15f563e40fd06aac968ea5d927521e8,getting ready to grill some pork chops (and a steak for me     i don't like pork)!!!!
finally got answers today   
does life ever get better?? i've been waiting very patiently for things to go my way    i'm done!!!
finally    things are starting to look up foe us!!!
i love being a genius!! lol!!
"if anyone has the 4th twilight book and they wouldn't mind me borrowing it this weekend, please let me know!! thank you!!"
first day at the new job in 10 hours!!!!!!!!!
it's so nice to have internet for a few minutes   
"if anyone knows where to find chuggington party decorations, please let me know  thank you!"
thank you all!!
"just wishin haters would stop hatin!!! if it doesn't involve you, stay out of it!!! you know who you are    thought this crap was over 5 years ago    obviously not!! get a life of your own!! we can all see you got problems too    so why don't you rag on yourself for a while!!! peace!!!!"
yay!!!!!!!!!! internet for the first time in 4 months!!!!!!!!
my spouse has made me laugh! wiped my tears! hugged me tight! celebrated my successes! supported me through my failures !cheered me on! kept me going strong! prayed with and for me  challenged me! played with me and worked by my side! put this as your status if you love your spouse  i       love mine!  smile 
not so much liking the ice rink out side    there go all my plans for the day    looks like a day inside watching netflix movies with the kiddos   
yay!!!!! technical interview on wednesday!!!!!
hoping my little guy gets better soon    i hate it when he is sick    although i do enjoy all the cuddle time!!!
i got the job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so this thanksgiving, i have so much to be thankful for  i am thankful for my wonderful husband, my amazing children, we are all happy and reasonably healthy, <propmale> got a job, and i got a job  i think this is the best thanksgiving i have ever had!!"
"gotta love when you go for a midnight sale and you get your stuff, buy it, and are out of the parking lot by 12 surprise 5!! first one in line baby!!!!! love black friday!!!"
"sorting through the many boxes of christmas decor, figuring out where i am gonna put it all!!"
"if\ you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world, who isn't\ perfect, but perfect for you, who works hard and would do anything for \you, who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, \who you are thankful for every day, who holds you tight at night and    \makes your world just right   then post this as your status"
"attention:thegroup\ asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character \is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it because kids will \accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoonpicture  it has \nothing to do with any child charities  it's       on   tonights news  \   copy & paste thi   s on to your status - leteveryone know"
"i remember the day you passed away  although i loved you dearly, i couldn't make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, bright eyes laid to rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the best  put this on your status if there’s someone in heaven that you   miss every day & wish that they could be here for christmas"
just found the best surprise christmas present ever for my kids!!!
finally have a phone again!!!
i want some pajama jeans!!!! www pajamajeans com
somebody just discovered the joys of bubble wrap!!
i got the greatest belated christmas present last night    a chevrolet lawn sculpture!! (stupid car breaking down every other day!! i hate my car!!!)
"do i work? yes! i work 24 hours a day  why? because i'm a mommy  i am the bank, i am a cook, a cleaner, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid, a security officer and a comforter  i don't get holidays sick pay, or a day off  i work through the day and the night  i am on call at all hours        now tell me my job isn't a real one!! re-post if you are blessed enough to be a ? mommy ?"
cousins are the first friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately     re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!!
"i'm not very superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so: copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days    based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy will be without money  i can't let that person be me or you! what the heck          it can't hurt"
my baby is 2 today    he is growing up so fast!
if you have a sister who has made you laugh  pulled your hair  stuck up for you   drove you crazy   got mad at you   made up   hugged you   watched you succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up    cheered you on   made you strong    and you can't do without    copy and paste this to your status
"this should be interesting!!!!  do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 24 hours  "
yay!!! finally have a cell again!!!
aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just want to use my new washer!!!!!!!!
i hate when i buy a book with the intention of reading it for a couple of days and i finish it the first day   
aaaaaahhhhhhhhh    3 day weekend    time to spend some quality girl time with <propfemale>!!
