331d3ca8673a205cfa7eaa8cfeb85ac0
facebook is becoming gay for me!!
well just want you all to know  that i'm tired of my job treating me like shit then had the balls to suspend me for peddely shit!  smile  > in hopes of a new job soon  yay  ;3
i had a wonderful day today  got my job interview and i am confident that it went very well  $10 56 an hour here we go! wooo!
eeeeeeeeh  found out that it's actually $9 56 an hour  lol  but that is still good  woo!
all i am is stupid  i'm a dollar sign to my family even when i try to talk like human being i'm still yelled at!
what's the point in trying? seriously tell me  - bad mood -
yay  going to a job interview tomorrow!  smile 
i'm feeling down everyone    and i'm hurting  but i'm excited for tomorrows job orientation  < indecision 
la la la la this is the worst night ever! i can't sleep!!!! :[ is it because i'm excited or depressed i don't know! ><;
i'm going to my orientation for my new job! wish me luck!  annoyed 
going to bed    night 
yeah so now i'm working somewhere else and i'm already a shift leader   wink  that just tells amc to fuck themselves because i know i was a better worker than most   laugh 
i'm looking for the song: symphony no 7 in a <propmale> op 92: 2  allegretto by beethoven!!! please contact me if you have it!!!!!!
i'm feeling like i can't accomplish anything    and i'm doing something wrong  i am quickly going down the path of the unemotional that i fear so much what shall i do? i don't know  all i know is i'm going to work out as much as i can! - <propfemale>
i'm looking for a <propmale> car yo  lol  i need my own car so my brother can get have the car i drive  help me out  ?  smile 
when i keep my mouth shut over things i oppose of  i get forced to say    then i'm the bitch for disliking how things are working    i don't think i'll be able to keep my job because i'm not able to do things    i hate myself  and everything i'm made of   and i know that no one really cares anymore 
even when they say they do    because i'm nothing but a whiney bitch    but i'm hurting inside    and they don't see it    i want out of this misery  - <propfemale> 
so i'm missing the man in my life  ;-; i wonder what he's up to     oo;
     this day  is crappy  i want to change  i want to be happy  i can't dance my emotions away anymore  and i have no one to go to  i want it be independent from all my crutches but it's hard to let go  why is my luck like this?
     this day  is crappy  i want to change  i want to be happy  i can't dance my emotions away anymore  and i have no one to go to  i want it be independent from all my crutches but it's hard to let go  why is my luck like this? oh and now i'm single  ;[
going to the gym  ;[ haven't been on here in a long while    
"i'll be waiting till the sky falls down, till you come around, baby  i'll be waiting till the sky falls down  let the rain clouds come "
falling deeper
"your dumb, ridiculous, insane, an ass  i don't think i can ever see you again  so you think i would be okeh being yours once more? think again bub    sad "
(; someone is awesome possum
oh noes my stomach hurts guess i'm not working out tomorrooooow  ugh these pounds need to hurry and leave me 
oh  my  god  i'm working till 4am );
i'm going to shoot my foot in a second
getting tired of this scene 
anyone else have felt that earthquake?
we  are  going  to  end  first earthquake on the east coast in decades 
my back feels tight and sore  i need a rest  this working out is stressful
?
so i hate it when someone tells me they don't like someone and they're just with them because they're bored but they <propfemale> with them all the time and acts all lovey dovey to them  either you're lying to me or lying to them  get it straight 
anyone wanna save me and take me to dinner or something? please i'm dying 
remember this; death is listening and will take the first man who screams 
ugh skrillex is becoming mainstream i liked it better when people made fun of me for it 
i hate to say it but i wish i could go back to <propfemale> highschool  and fix what i did wrong 
it's creepy there's no wind out side like none     o o
it just seems like another rainy day to me
so i wish i had some family who can support me  who understands that i can't handle this all by myself  i'm glad i have you penguinator <propfemale>  i love you like family 
so you know you're bored when you're playing runescape 
well called dominion and they told us it will take days before its back on
- sigh - maybe i'm looking too hard     );
hate the fact i walked all th way home  because  my friend had to work ugh tired sleepy time  sad 
did you know im 100% pure loving even though you hurt me?
ugh work for 10 hours  who can say yay? i can't plus i have to work friday too yay for overtime boo 50 hours 
should i get my snakebites back?
my job is looking for a male  good benefits and all let me know  plus you can't have facial piercings  and you won't be paid less than ten  hit me up 
i'm 16 weeks and craving smarties!
lmao! why the fuck would i be pregnant? i got you   smile 
i hate walking home just because my friends car won't start    
my mom saved me from five to six hour walking
"it's only when you leave  that i start to believe, that i can feel anything  it's only when you leave me floating in the air, that i start free falling "
yeah  i'm about done  i may be trying to move  i'm not sure totally but these next two months will show me who are my true friends or family  and if all goes downhill i'm gone no one will know where or why  because idgaf anymore 
"i've been kidnapped!\look at the first 7 people on your friends list \no cheating!\1  the kidnapper: penguinator dani\2  the idiot that's looking for you but can't find you: <propfemale> a  rose\3  the person that planned all of this: mailene baybes olivo\4  the police officer: <propfemale> klausmeyer\5 the person that doesn't care: <propfirst> tallgothkid brown\6   the person who cares the most: vic martin\7   the knight in shining armour that save you: <propfemale> dixon"
