cf8488dfbf72b6973ae8409e91c1b874
its no surprise that i leave here tomorow  i cant believe that i stayd til today  you and i will b a tough act to follow  but i kno in time we'll find this was no surprise
leaving for the academy tomorrow!!!!!
its movin time!!
missouri academy baby!!! best place ever!!
i feel irrational   so confrontational   to tell the truth oh yeah im   yeah good song lol
"time flys, people are people, 2+2=4 is universal, and <propfemale> koloba is awesome!"
hanging with me homies   yeah <propmale> and carlos   rock on!
ugh i gotta get up at 6 smile 0 to finish pre calc tomorow   anybody with me?
lol so apparently according to the psychology personality quiz i'm a hopless romantic who is mysterious and takes risks
gotta love life
hmmmmmmm      
sleeping in til noon is amazing!
carpe diem!
don't procrastinate  its a bad habit
its a cold and its a broken hallelujah    hallelujah    hallelujah   hallelujah   hallllleelluuuuuuujjjjaaaaahh     very good song
if i could write a letter to me   and send it back in time to myself at seventeen    thats a good one too lol!
you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like a bird dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh you make me smile               thank you for being a part of my life jayla
so yeah i think im startin to figure somethings out
hmmmmm                   
"the wind, the breeze, your grip slips with ease, you arent sure wat to do, your mind clouds, the adrenaline starts, make it or break it, you have to hold on     "
<propfemale> day after christmas to all and to all and goodnite   nite?   lol
or as ive just been informed happy boxing day lol !
rofl!!!!
"contemplation   my escape, analysis    my focus, productive distraction   to cover up all else"
"back from nc, it was soooo awesome!!!! my phones broke though on the downside, but i guess now time to get back to work"
i'm back to get going!
"chem test, vba test, gov test, unpack, somehow fix my janky fone, and then teach anyone who wants help with chem   lol long list"
"think, react, laugh, live!"
"friends, family, love, and laughter!"
all you guys are awesome! thank you so much for being such great friends!  smile 
all you guys are awesome! thank you so much for being such great friends!  smile     and thank you all for such a awesome birthday!
"today has been a really awesome day thanks to my family and friends, i love all of you so much, and wish i could see and talk to you all and tell you how much it means  smile "
live your life dont waste your time trying to extend your time enjoy the time you have! (summary of <propfirst> london) thank god for another year! i love you all friends and family  smile  thank you for an awesome birthday
the older i get! (cough by skillet cough)
memories are ghost of the past   listen but dont look back (dont kno were that quote came frome but just kinda outa nowhere)
having fun!!!
"ok guys help me, boys state or research? or try for both?"
homework   lots and lots
"before anyone asks yes i set off the fire alarm, and i'm sorry for the trouble it caused everybody    never thought id have to go thru all that for a bag of popcorn "
observation is nothing without acknowledgement
hmmmm interesting    
"wear sunscreen   its from an amazing song that i actually can't remember the name of at the moment, but hey good advice is good advice!"
"now is the time to look to the future, remember the past, and run as fast as you can forward, no walking the corners   but scenic routes arent out of the question!"
"so just so everyone knows i woke up this morning and my phone can neither text nor call, and well it actually wont lemme do anything, so if your trying to get ahold of me itll be kinda difficult  sorry everybody"
"i'm looking for inspiring quotes, anybody know some?"
so how is everyone?
"so an engineering survey just told me i should be electrical or mechanical! i know those things arent exactly accurate, but im pretty happy!"
"a dielectric constant appears! go metallic properties! super effective! dielectric constant flees! 900,000  playful !"
"vacation brought to you by ms&t, week long trip to illinois to see catepillar engineering, argon labs, chicago and more!   go summer research!"
so i got a 29 on my act    a year at a math and science specific school and those are the two that didnt help any     looks like i gotta try again
blackberry pearls tend to have this habit of screwing up and not working apparently
argonne labs   internship next summer? what who said that? why yes that would be amazing!
"feeling down? well get the heck up an get over it  life is a choice, live it "
"we all have intentions, how we want things to go a certain way and this is usually based on the kind of person we are, but what really decides who we are is not what we want or think or try for   it is what we do that makes who we are, will you do whats right no matter what the consequences? its your actions that decide everything, not what you or others think say or want   so what will you do? who are you?"
"<propfirst> edwards, for ten of the best years of my life, you were my friend, you were my brother, you were who i could count on   i'll never forget you, and i will see you again  i love you my brother, rest in piece   i'm glad we had that weekend together one last time "
"all we get to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us   i love you <propfirst>, i'll see you again "
missouri academy 2010 -2011 school year! and go!
"is a ballerina! i love wearing pink tutus and leotards and tights and sparkly crowns! guys, i've been hiding my passion from you for years and i'm finally ready to let it out and start dancing! next thing you know, i'll be a <propfemale> <propfemale>!  smile "
so  have you ever had people <propfirst> your facebook and write something? i have 
i live to look like a butterfly! i just love all things sparkly and colorful   rainbows and unicorns and fairies all of the way!!!
again i emphasize my previous question on the jacking of the facebook
feeling special because people are accepting my friend requests 
heres to friends!
"live, laugh, love   lifes too short to not enjoy the little things"
"thinks he's just the best thing ever  sadly, he's the only one "
"dangit, so, i need to stop leaving my laptop lying around, cause ppl leave status like this and makes me sound like a sob, i'm am definitely not the best thing ever to clear that up"
"i am not the best thing ever, someone jacked my facebook again  i apologize for that, i am no where near that egotistical  i am not the best thing ever"
once upon a midnight dreary while i pondered weak and weary upon the tomes of forgotten <propfemale>  - poe
whoa! just saved a facebook jacking    that was close
"should be learning by now that his facebook status could be jacked at any time  oh, and i lost my lead in the epic saga of air hockey   "
so i need an intervention  i have a leave-my-computer-laying-around-so-people-can-jack-my-facebook problem
college apps   and go
has no self control  maybe one day i'll learn to close my laptop 
oh what a day lol
thinks that <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> flood are the best people in the world 
essays colleges and research!
remember 
"sometimes we fall, but what determines what kind of person you are is whether you get back up again "
status has just been jacked 
"once upon a midnight dreary while i pondered weak an weary, upon tomes of forgotten lore   my wording may be off but you get the picture"
"honor, courtesy, integrity, perseverance, self control, indomitable spirit    tenets of tae kwon do, not just words you recite, but a way of life "
"has been facebook jacked once again  my name is \pee pee\"" and i like waffels!"""
even in my own room i'm not safe  playful 
"i'm a <propfemale> girl, in this ddr world    come on <propfemale>, let's go party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
hmmm an yet here i am still far too trusting of the academy main lounge  playful  
"college apps, physics and calculus ii     go!"
oh college apps   how do i narrow you down from 9 to 7   
"boston univ, univ of british columbia, stanford-maybe, univ of michigan, univ of illinois, purdue univ, rochester inst of tech, mst, univ of wi, msoe"
"honor, courtesy, integrity, perseverance, self control, indomitable spirit "
"the past is history, the future a mystery, and today is a gift - its our present "
just made his bed  it's a little more home and a little less academy 
"so, i am currently away from my laptop and was not online at 1 in the morning last night, therefore i have no idea how my status was changed   who could it have been????"
"is still away from his laptop, but it's about 12 hours from when i last changed his status "
"by the way <propfirst>, your bed is made and so is <propmale>'s "
what do you see when you look back on your life?
"hakuna matata, carpe diem   and go!"
"live with honor, show compassion, all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing if you aren't happy with your life, its the knowledge not the grade, intent is no excuse for doing something wrong, love your friends and family cause we can't do this alone  knowledge is power, wars were fought with swords and ended with pencils "
"so, i'm finished with 8 applications, 2 more to go, and then its scholarship time "
so there are a plethora (i've always wanted to use that word) of scholarships if you look in the right places 
"so, i wanna be <propfirst> stark when i grow up!"
"scholarships    why have you forsaken me  we <propmale> thou so cruel as to be so difficult to apply for and so sly in nature  you must show compassion for college to my top schools are 40,000+    money money where for <propmale> thou money"
is extremely proud of his little brother <propfirst> hoover  miss you <propfirst> <propfirst>
calc ii series are awesome!
model <propfemale>! we are so beasting it up! good job everybody! lets have another good day tomorrow
hijacked!!!!! <propfirst> henggeler
"so, due to model <propfemale>, i'm beginning to be more and more interested in politics    hmmm    engineer-senator?"
no mr  bond   i e playful ect you to die!
"wow, this semesters gone by fast"
"all we have to decide is what to do with the time that's given to us  \time doesn't stop, so we can't either\eight o'clock classes don't allow for senioritis \never underestimate a pencil or paper \we might just live to see world war iii \say what you think, before the <propmale> passes you by \friends come and go, family is forever: thats why friends become like our family so they don't go  smile  "
"our choices make who we are, and our actions show who you are to the world "
"i have got to stop playing snake, its addicting"
"so, at a doctors appointment today i had to do a blood test and well i passed out and puked (in that order), many of you may recall i did the same when i attempted to give blood last year    my conclusion my blood needs to stay in my body  smile  "
so where will you be in ten years?
all done  smile 
"heres to the end, and with it closure  just as the sun sets and ceases e playful osure  \is this a new beginning or has time run out  as for time we'll never have enough, no matter the amount \people leave, they come and go  they leave an impact, that reminds us when we're low, what we strive for and why do it \for when we leave this world, what will we have to show?"
"so i went by reeds spring high today and after politely requesting to see a few of my old friends they proceeded to kick me off the premises, and though i did get a good look at the revised outside architecture, i was slightly pissed   ok more than slightly"
"ok, so after much research (and not due to my obsession with inception) i have actually begun to consider architecture   hmmm or architecture or engineering? input anybody?"
the is no best mousetrap   just better ones  smile  
"its time for a new chapter, a fresh start, a clean slate  one were we decide our own fate  lets build bridges instead of burn, make friends and learn how life should be lived and enjoy every freaking minute of it "
snow day!!!!!!!!  smile 
oh will i?
"happiness is a fleeting thing, so never take it for granted and do anything to keep it, cause really whats life greatest worth but happiness "
