711678128c0299f37d08d9351bff172e
"not sure if i believe in ufo's, but there sure seeems to be a lot of 'evidence' on television "
okay - so the black eyed peas have been funkalizing my world for the past few weeks   what a great cd!!!!!!  the end 
: i love summer sooo much!!!
heard so much good music and had a great time at time at comfest this weekend  lots of friends and fantastic weather made it even that much better!
is gonna grill some burgers and over-indulge on beef for dinner 
is ditching these contacts that i've had in for 2 weeks   blurry tv viewing for the rest of the night   giving the peepers an overnight break 
: i swear that our 2 dogs can read our minds   they absolutely know what we are thinking   amazing!
: kato hurt his paw during his run   : (
"is off to a family reunion cookout, bonfire, and fireworks  (looking forward to all the tasty food)"
has felt better 
"is hosting an open house at 178 e  como sunday 1-3 pm   3br 1 1 2 bath   excellent condition, great deck and landscaping and it's a great price!! stop by to see me "
"is watching the boys catch some early morning rays as they lay on the deck   we're off for a run, in a few   what a life!!  : ) man, they are spoiled "
"is doing the la fogata thing with taffy, <propfemale> and a few other old gals with july birthdays  orange blood margaritas, mmmm  mmmmm!!!!!"
"oohhhhh, maybe la fogata wasn't such a good idea     "
:  wow what a productive day!!!!
"   sometimes being nice is overrated   in fact, it can bite you in the ass!!!!!"
question:  does anyone know how you can forward an email to your facebook <propfemale>?
thank you thank you thank you to everyone for all the birthday greetings!!!!!
"   i need a new digital camera   anyone have suggestions?  (i'm a photography novice, so nothing with too many bells and whistles   moderately, low-priced)  thanks  : )"
":  today is all about real estate, kids   i will succeed, i will succeed, i will succeed "
"okay, trips to office <propmale>, post office and lots of office work are all done  time to wrap it up for the day   have a great weekend everyone  : )"
and <propfirst> are adding a new family member today    a kitten that <propfirst> <propfemale> brandt found outside her apartment building   he's cute!!!! now to pick out a name that matches his personality 
": the cat still has no name    but we are leaning towards <propmale>  and, he still does not like the boys "
is addicted to popsicles
is looking for a new cd   i've got to stop playing the blackeyed peas 
is going to be hitting the sack early tonight   
"loves working from a home office, but with 2 dogs and a new kitten it has been an interesting morning   thus the phrase, \fighting like cats and dogs\""    """
"is going tubing and zip line in the hocking hills tomorrow with <propfirst>   can't wait, so much fun!!!"
is avoiding any actvity that doesn't involve the sofa   for now 
"is having one of those days    urgh, make that weeks "
"is going to sleep naked tonight, just because     "
has poison <propfemale> 
is looking for a project   always looking for a project 
": our kitten cat is bouncing off the walls   i have no idea what has gotten into him, but he is freaky crazy right now "
"is so ready for a beautiful, hot and <propfemale> weekend "
"is undecided   do i head out for a few drinks or kick back, make a pizza and watch \push\""?  i kind of want to do both    """
"tonight is homemade spaghetti and meatballs, ala mama rotonda   thanks, mom  : )"
had lots of productive work accomplished early today and even  managed to squeeze in some late afternoon poolside fun with the taffy and the beavers -  every day should be this way 
awoke with a very sore back   some serious stretches are in order 
"all i know is: <propfirst> & <propfemale> plus 8 is so 2000 and late!!! god, they repulse me "
"i don't believe in ghosts, or the afterlife  so why am i so fascinated with ghost hunters, ghost adventures, <propfemale> <propmale> and ufo shows?"
"just took a \mystery meat\"" out of the freezer to thaw for dinner  (kinda hoping that we won't want it and order out for chinese) """
"okay  so i am not exactly young anymore, but i just got an offer from aarp in the mail   wtf?!! really?"
lying around shamelessly while <propfirst> cooks dinner   it's my night off from kitchen duties and i am loving it 
dinner was delicious!
is avoiding household projects 
time to get busy!
"power wash and stain the deck    clean out the garage    wash 27 windows inside and out  oh, and squeeze in some real estate   this to-do list sucks! and, no i don't want to come over to anybody else's house when i'm done  so don't ask : )"
: we have one very bad dog  and the other is an accomplice 
is not impressed with cedar point's announcement of its' new ride for 2010    (sigh)
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
buckeye fans - - are you ready for some football?!!!   o-h
is giving his truck a much needed bath and she's gonna be pretty when i'm through 
is craving white castle and i'm not even drunk 
"is already sick of these issue 3 casino ads on tv, and we have 2 more months until the vote  i mean, really, who gives a shit!  do we really need an ad to convince us how to vote? ugggggh!"
"verdasco or djokovic?  hmmmm, how do i decide?"
needs to find the movtivation to start and stay with p90x 
you gotta love craigslist   just sold my motorcycle and a washer dryer set in 20 minutes!
dinner was d e l i c i o u s !
wondering what's for lunch   my tummy's growlin'
apparantly the fan check application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in  even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you  please inform all you fr   iends and remove delete the application asap  copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly
thinks that there are a lot of commercials in this movie i am watching   geeeezz
"hoarders:  kerrylea has some big  big big issues and while i want to empathize with her, at the same time i'd like to just smack her "
"most nights t v sucks, but tonight i am totally into it "
it is amazing how only 2 days of clouds and rain can feel so much longer 
wow  it's 4 smile 0   that was a quick work day 
":  dear <propfemale> palin,     we get it  you're common and uneducated   shut up!"
<propfemale> <propfirst> makes me smile 
it's not me  it's you 
"i said brrrrr, it's cold in here!  really, it is!!!!"
in case there was ever a doubt - showtime sucks!
if you are out and about    stop by my open house at 328 e  whittier beautiful  3 br 2 bath   2465 sq  ft   fully updated everything turn-of-the-century (1900's) home in schumacher place   you've got to see it!!
caffeine time!
late afternoon coffee breaks are not a good idea   3 smile 0 a m  and the caffeine is still working   talk about a cheap high 
"<propfirst> and i planning the halloween costume   gawd, we gonna be ugly!"
crazy ass nurse bout hit bone when she gave me my flu shot today   owwiee 
"is off to see the matinee of \paranormal activity\"" """
"strength and peace to my friend, <propfirst>, who lost his mom this week "
"is giving up way too much room on the bed to kato, <propmale> and <propmale>, but they are keeping me warm "
is in dream mode:  reality is gonna have to wait it's turn today 
hook 'em horns !!
how is it that a short 20 minute nap on the couch at 8 p m  can cause me to be awake 3 hours (and counting) past normal bed time?    grrrrr!!!
is wrapping up work     errands      circleville pumpkin show 
thinking that i might head to easton for a rainy afternoon of window shopping 
is gonna put it in the balloon 
"just watched management with a d , some very funny moments "
"anyone considering a home in blacklick, or know of a friend?  i am hosting an open house today from 1-3 p m  at 7929 merdon drive (off of n  waggoner road) blacklick, oh  43004   convenient to shopping centers on e  broad street and the limited         3 br 2 5 bath  gas fp, new roof, 2 car garage  1868 sq  ft   $149,900  stop by to check it out and say hi   it's a gorgeous day to take a little drive!!  thanks "
keeps hearing the '<propfemale> downer' muted horn sound in my head 
heys guys  if you are going to vote early   it isn't at vet's this year   they are now located at 280 e  broad   no lines or waiting    so  go vote 
": a halloween incantation   rain, rain, stay away   make this gorgeous weather last another day "
"<propfirst>, both dogs and the cat are all sound asleep and i am bored out of my mind "
"the week is off to a good start   just listed a home at $389,000  got some errrands taken care of   had lunch with miss <propmale>   and, it was beautifully <propfemale>   i could get used to this!"
day 2 of the week also very good  me likey!
time for a mid-afternoon caffeine infusion 
"a 5yr old boy named <propmale> biorkman , is in the last stages of a 2 1 2yr battle with neuroblastoma cancer the family is celebrating christmas next week and <propmale>s request is to get lots of christmas cards  lets get him some!!! please send cards to: <propmale> biorkman 1141 fountian view circle south lyon, mi 48178 -lets see how many cards we can get to this little guy, thank you! please repost this to your status today"
heading out for a walk on a beautiful indian summer night at gallery hop this evening   hope to see some of you there 
off for a run with the boys in the woods   yesterday they came back with a mouthful of deer poop (or something that poops in the woods)   pretty!!
"seemingly, the bengals have forgotten that they are the bengals and have chosen to win this season   i'm loving it "
"had 2 bean burritos (from taco <propfemale>), 1 2 a frozen pizza, 2 slices of turkey, 8 pieces of chocolate, and 4 popsicles for dinner   (and a diet coke)   now that's healthful living!"
even factoring a bad opponent   the buckeyes look good 
"    all in all, a good day!"
i think my kneecap is somewhere in the front yard or driveway by now   it definitely is not any longer attatched to my leg  omg i hit it so hard on the front door  it hurts!!
"help   i thought it would be interesting to see what my account looked like in chinese, so i chose chinese as my language  now, everything is in chinese characters and i don't know how to switch it back "
i just can't get into it 
"finds my friends status updates way more interesting than my own   my life is more like   lather, rinse, repeat "
biggest decision of the day is   what to fix for dinner 
would be nice if the buckeyes could hit some shots 
"why couldn't the tarheels play like they are tonight, last night?"
"bored   the buffering on youtube sucks tonight, so that's out   on the bright side, i did get another listing today "
being relegated to the very edge of the bed by 2 very spoiled dogs  sure hope they have enough room 
is just not feelin' it today 
"thanksgiving included lots of food, lots of family and 3 adorable black lab puppies that decided they needed to eat one of the pies   so freakin' cute!!!"
:  it became official 15 years ago today 
i guess we can presume that tiger's suv didn't have onstar*      
this would have been a good day to put up the outdoor christmas lights 
<propmale> is 4 years old on tuesday   he gets an extra long belly rub and a gazillion kisses 
"2 trips to the vet and $200 later, <propmale> is recovered    <propfirst> <propfemale> brandt, you owe us big time!!"
"i think my dogs are having the same dream   they are both making little grunts and whimpers, and chasing after something   having little leg spasms   it's really funny "
"my mom got a clean <propmale> of health from her oncologist today   battling stage 3 colon cancer,  2 surgeries and chemo   no checkups necessary for 6 months!!!  i am beyond thankful  and, i love her "
3 hours of shopping = no presents 
wiiiiiiiiiii !
"yes, my friendly, indian, customer service representative   <propmale> is that city where the ohio state university is located  now can you please fix my problem so that i don't have to call - again   thanks "
"last post of 2009 - - - new years <propfemale> is one of those holidays that is hit or miss   this one looks to be a good one  i'll let ya know tomorrow, just how good by the size of my headache   happy new year to all  have fun  see ya in 2010!!"
it is 11:11:11 on 1-1-11
"time to make the pork roast, sauerkraut, black-eyed peas and slice up some pineapple, bring in my coins, matches and candle from last night and light it, and get this new years started right "
*champagne gives me a headache 
my tarot card seems like it is always upside down 
snicker's commercial with <propfemale> franklin:  funny 
time to hit the redbox for this evenings entertainment 
"today would be a great day for cleaning this house, if i could just get motivated   not gonna happen!"
is reporting that there is little to report 
finito!
"2 very long and busy days, and another one upcoming tomorrow   i am soooo looking forward to a cinco de mayo cocktail (or three) tomorrow night!!!  good night all "
"all i know is that in my next life i want to come back as one of my dogs   damn, they are spoiled "
"just had some 'now & later' <propfemale>  reminds of being in high school  hmmm, maybe they aren't all that after all "
i am totally forgetting something   
"sorry kfc, but a chicken sandwich without a bun is just 2 pieces of greasy chicken glued togeether with fake cheese "
surprise  surprise  wide awake after 2 hours sleep again 
lost my wallet   cancelled my credit cards (thank god i only have 2)  found my wallet  hmmm?!!
"went for a little road trip to <propmale>'s garden center in newark (nerk, ahia as their residents pronounce it)   got a cute little jap  <propfemale> and pot and some plants for the deck   tomorrow they all get planted "
"well, hello insomnia  you are truly a lifelong companion, but i feel like you are stalking me!!!!"
"okay, so   the octomom is promoting spaying and neutering your pets and bristol palin is getting $15-20,000 per speaking engagement   this country has officially lost it's freaking mind!!"
i'm in the mood for a day pf rollercoasters 
"hungry, but can't decide what to eat "
i have watched ancient aliens on the history channel all day  really interesting 
"i'm sure <propfirst> bieber is every 12 year old girls dream, but to me he's just a little boy that needs to comb his hair  (that can't sing)"
will it be greedy of me when i win the mega millions tuesday night and then hit the powerball on wednesday?
'intexticated': driving recklessly while texting   guilty 
"was downtown today   walked by the new bicentennial park, mound street bridge,  <propmale> commons, and the annex apartments   (all under construction) go check 'em out   pretty cool!!"
   and then there was only one   rip <propfemale> deveraux   thank you for being my friend   (sad)
"some of my many favorite things about summer: strawberries, cherries, blackberries, raspberries, and peaches "
"the news is just depressing   weird, sad, and depressing "
love  love  love  summer! 365 days of summer  i'd be in heaven 
"happy friday, y'all   <propfemale> haw!"
clippers baseball game tonight for $1 dog night   
i haven't seen my salad today   what gives?
well that was a brief but intense thunderstorm 
"in a few more hours, on goes the 'out of office assistant', and voicemail "
"not sure if i am just having a slow day or post-pride blues, but i am not into work at all today "
"<propfirst> mcenroe, a baseball cap worn backwards with a suit and tie is just stupid   <propfemale> <propfirst>, you just suck "
note to self:  when removing contacts it helps to know where your glasses are 
now this is the kind of summer weather that i love!
"grilled orange, <propfemale> pork chops or lime, chili flake pepper chicken?  decisions  decisions "
"you know what? it's true   sometimes good things do happen to those who wait!  a superfantastic month is happening for me in my world of real estate right here and now  (my superstitious side tells me not to jinx myself - so   salt over the shoulder, knock on wood, fingers crossed) "
<propmale> gibson has little man syndrome - or is just a complete ass 
wondering why the 'stupid' <propfirst> is dominant in so many americans? urghh   #%&*@
"another closing tomorrow, and showing new clients homes on saturday   keep on rocking it, july!"
"off to barelona for birthday week dinner with <propfirst>, <propfemale> b , taffy and the beavers   happy birthday steph and taffy (today) and <propfirst> (saturday)!! the beav is just following the booze wherever it flows "
barcelona = delicious!!
thank you! thank you! thank you everybody for the birthday wishes   i am so fortunate to have really great people in my life like all of you!  btw   we went to the zoo today to see the polar bears - it was great!!!!  awesome day today!  a day trip tomorrow to indiana to lose some hard-earned $$ at the casino 
faced with a pile of paperwork that i have no <propmale> of finishing - - i choose to go get a drink and have fun instead 
2 clients  13 houses  wrapped around 6 hours of office work  an hour traffic jam on 270  a 45 minute 'conversation' with insight to get the broadband connection fixed  and grocery shopping   fun 
onset of a food coma 
marcellas for a delicious linguini and clam entree (with a 3 martini appetizer) dinner with <propfirst>   i so love not having to cook!!
a $282 00 electric <propmale> to stay warm instead of hot hardly seems fair 
i bet there are a bunch of republicans that need to double up on their blood pressure meds tonight 
hiked the hemlock trail and <propfemale> trail at clear creek metro park today   gorgeous day  and some serious hiking 
closing at 10 a m   on a monday morning  what a great way to start the week!!
okay   enough with the sound effects and light display   just rain and get it over with 
i want some pudding 
"<propfirst>'s for an early dinner, then wicked this evening, then    "
is going to take a break from work for a couple hours today and head to the gsws at berliner   last night's clippers' game was lots of fun   gotta love buck-a-bone at city barbeque 
"to every gsws committee member, volunteers, and fans    i could not be more impressed with the event that you have made possible   awesome planning and your dedication to hosting this event is truly deserving of recognition!  thank you does not e playful ress the true accolades that you deserve!  excellent job!!!"
    the worst movie ever on logo 
"what is \kettle-cooked lunch meat\""?"""
"open to suggestions for a new cd(s) for my car  yes, a cd   as old school as that may seem   any suggestions?"
"do i really want to be ambitious?  our deck needs stipped and re-stained   should i get my butt out there and do it, or pay someone $500 00? decisions decisions "
"my sports update   i get to go to the ohio state game - thank you <propfemale> drewry! and, the cincinnati reds are werqin' it hard  8 game lead in their division   love it!!!"
"great game!  now for a good nights sleep (hopefully)   getting up early and heading to cedar point for a day of coasters and fun  i wish they allowed dogs in the park    i know it's silly, but i will miss my boys tomorrorow   maybe i've had too many drinks tonight   "
at cedar point !!
enjoying a beautiful early september evening 
just gonna be me and the boys this week   dad's out of town 
i believe that i may have adult add  very little keeps my interest and i think of 5 things at the same time constantly 
a full day's worth of stress in the first 4 hours   fun 
"to my younger friends   ur gonna have to take me at my word, older friends will know it's the truth   supertramp - breakfast in <propfemale> cd from 1979 is still an awesome listen!!  every track    it just feels right "
"love, love closings on friday   great start to the weekend   hope everyone has a good one   go bucks!"
hearing une playful ected news is not good for someone who is prone to anxiety 
is contemplating 
"mahmoud ahmadinejad:  if this guy wasn't so serious about what he speaks, i would think that he had lost his freaking mind "
beef or chicken?
wishes my jell-o was ready 
: thinking of heading out later this evening for a <propmale> nail or sumpin' to take the chill off 
"happy birthday, kato   9 years old!!!"
go buckeyes!  hook 'em horns!
is not winning at keno 
is having doubts that the bingo dildo prize is actually 'new'    i prefer to win the grill 
"okay    so i have obviously not made  nice with the drag <propfemale> bingo number caller   in my defense, she is fat and not very funny  and her wig is nylon!"
watching hawaii 5-0 
"ima gonna sell some real estate this week   mmm hmmm    okay?!!!  btw   open house this sunday, 1 - 3 p m   1 br condo - 11 w  1st aveune in the heart of the shorth north     it's way cute!!!  stop by to see it (or me)!"
voted early today 
"statistics for the year 1910\\there were only 8,000 cars and only 144 <propmale> of paved roads  \\only 14 percent of the homes had a bathtub  \\the average us wage in 1910 was 22 cents per hour  \\ \\the population of las vegas, <propfemale> was only 30! \\marijuana, heroin, and morphine were all available over the counter \\there were about 230 reported murders in the entire u s a ! \\and, now you know   "
if anybody needs me i'll be washing my gay windows 
<propfirst> left today to work in sacramento for 9 weeks  feels weird 
what will this beautiful day bring?
i think that <propfemale> palin and <propfemale> o'donnell must have attended the same secretarial school junior college wizardry university   and were the underachievers 
loved the arches lit in deep purple tonight 
"off to the apple store to get my iphone fixed replaced   (maybe a free upgrade?) then an afternoon meeting with all my realliving realtor friends to find out what's \new and exciting\""   """
"rangers:  for all of those miserable seasons that i sat in that radiator called arlington stadium, broiling and watching <propmale> league t-ball - - please beat the yankees tonight!!"
"having a late dinner, featuring grilled rib eye steak, bake potato, chessy brocolli and  a delicious fresh salad of mixed greens  (extra ab work out tomorrow to take away the guilt)"
"hello, rainy monday "
is it my tv or does <propfemale> just have a messed up face in real life?
awww   fluffy died   sad 
does not feel well at all   no halloween for me this year - boo 
"fingers, toes and eyelashes crossed for a really good deal to come together   there are a lot of pieces, but i think i might just actually pull it off!!!"
okay   so eating a pomegranate is way to messy and way too much work 
"to any of my tea party or republican friends;  please defriend me   i can longer tolerate hatred, bigotry, greed and ignorance at this point in my life   thanks "
   i did not know that <propfirst> colbert was on strangers with <propfemale>  probably because i have never watched strangers with <propfemale> before 
"it's been a lousy week for sleep   hoping tonight is 'the night'   and, <propfirst> is home tomorrow for a one day visit after 3 weeks in california for work  can't wait to see him!!!!!!  that's it "
wow
it's your favorite   chicken colada 
"just had a strange dream that i had an apartment that had 6 door exits with 4 dead bolts on each door, but none of the doors had handles and were hard to lock   just after i got them all locked, a friend opened one behind the fireplace and let my cat get outside, and it didn't bother him that i was pissed he wouldn't go look for the cat   wth?!!"
holy guacamole    8-1 jackets win!   save some of those goals for a snowy day 
"realizing that boredom is a choice, but having a hard time not being bored right now "
gator meat   tastes just like chicken 
"i don't understand the fascination with reality shows   from what i hear, the people that should win never win, so why bother watching something that has a determined outcome   seems like a  waste of time   nothing real about it "
question:  is there a way to remove all past posts in one click? and past events?
"one of dogs, kato, is giving me the staredown   which can only mean one thing    let's go for a run "
is really feeling ill   fever  chills  nausea   ugh!
nothing like a new contract to make you feel better and start the week 
"easy solution for anyone opposed to the body scan or \pat down\"" if you refuse    don't fly   one of many things worse than gettin your \""junk\"" touched is a bomb or weapon on an airplane """
uh oh   mercury is in retrograde 
"yay yay yay yay   picking up my baby tomorrow afternoon at 5:15   can't wait to see him! (secretly needing wanting someone to take care of these 3 extremely bad, spoiled-rotten boys for a few days)!"
<propfirst>'s plane got in 45 minutes early - gottta love that   so glad he's home!  happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
"great weekend and holiday, but sad that <propfirst> is on a plane back to california again "
our boy <propmale> turns 5 years old on december 1st   happy birthday <propmale>!!!
the first snow of winter is always pretty special 
catching up on the dvr  i was being too lazy to fast forward through the commercials until i had to relive those #%^$#ing political ads 
hey blue jackets   it's called professional hockey   be nice if you showed up 
came across a recently killed deer while walking with the dogs this morning   it reaffirms that i could never be a <propmale>  all i felt was     just sad 
they should make a radio station for little 12 year old girls that plays <propfirst> bieber songs and never play that crap he sings anywhere else   eeny meany miney mo blah blah blah   shut up!
thinking too much  my brain needs an off switch 
"am i just stupid, or is there no way to 'clear' your status with the new layout   just always need to-post to get it to change?"
"chicken, bacon and mushroom risotto   i have outdone myself  yum "
"with the exception of <propfemale> white, it seems <propfemale> walters and i have very different definitions of 'fascinating' people"
okay   back to work 
<propfirst> is daycationing in san <propfirst> and i am here cleaning the house   the universe is definitely out of sync 
<propmale> vitale  seriously  stfu!
"i have no idea if this is a new or old song by <propfemale> <propfirst>, but i heard 'peacock' tonight and i love it "
"i am surprised that 10-tv news doesn't have maureeen kocot standing beside the freeway in a half inch of snow forewarning us of a pending apocalyptic 3\ snowfall """
i feel like cracking open this big bottle of wine and cooking all day 
wow  i will regret posting this  because of the repercussions    but i saw a really bad drag show tonight   i am no e playful ert but i know bad when i see it     hmmmm
brrrrrr 
i propose that the big 10 change its name to the nimwop conference 
<propfirst> comes home in 5 days!!!!!!!!!!
off to write a contract   yay!!
i'm thinking that it may be time to add a new little puppy to the household 
one of the many things that is great about home-officing is that the snow looks a lot prettier from the window of your house than from the window of your car 
gonna bake a chocolate cake 
a really long and busy saturday is coming to an early end  g'night all 
"very thankful for all that i have, but my christmas list is long and has a lot of e playful ensive items on it "
"had a great accupressure neck, back, and foot massage at the comfort zone while christmas shopping this afternoon and headed to hyde park for some cocktails this evening with the man and a few a friends "
"it's official   the blue jackets suck! 10 years of mediocre, sloppy, uninspired hockey is too much to ask of fan support   ownership needs to make a quality player acquisition or, not just this season, but the franchise will be history "
everything looks good for a closing on thursday   (large smile)
"my last closing for 2010 is in the books   hoping for many, many more in 2011 "
just got word of acceptance on a short sale offer for my buyers that has been going on f o r e v e r    happy happy joy joy happy happy joy   and a new listing coming on this sunday!!  bring it 2011!!!!!!!!
*must remember to only buy items on the list when at <propfirst>'s club 
show me some pretty snow 
"okay, then "
just had a warm brownie and a big glass of milk!
