c10ea191982e7933009973f03d2f1133
phenergran   
i think its awkward when people that you dont know comment on your status and wall post 
its all downhill from here 
"i wish there was a fan <propfemale> for \lunch\""  im starving!"""
is tired of driving    only 4 more hours tomorrow 
"every day, back and forth, same old shit  should be picking up here shortly though   smile "
two words     shit hole
i feel like crud today
wondering if my wife will get online when she sees this
home
two and a half months  joyful 
phone doesnt work = pissed
f*ck this place
breakfast and 12 hrs of bs
dogs rule!!!
when theres nothing else to do    facebook
"its 6 smile 0 im the morning, im tired as hell, and i have to be somewhere in 2 5 hrs so i dont have time for a decent nap      but for some reason, im in a pretty good mood today  (something will go wrong)"
i want a beer  dry country  sad 
red bull
be careful what you wish for 
getting ready for another sh*tty week
feeling alright about things
treid    msut selep
happiness is a belt-fed weapon  joyful 
0733   i think its time for bed!!!
and 4 hours later im up again
"i find it, almost humorous, how ones perspective may change in a specific time frame "
well good news    no more tss!!!!
i got really bored
haggling ticks me off
free lunch is awesome!!!
"went three months eating afghan food and breathing air that may as well be 10% fecal matter, and i just now get sick "
ready to go home on leave
just another day  this place is like the energizer <propfemale> 
going to try one last time then going to bed
i want some easy <propmale>!!!
day=100 degrees         night=55 degrees 
yep
would like to be at home with his lovely wife 
about to get a shower     hopefully a hot one 
leave in like three weeks    freakin awesome!
the closer it gets the more time slows down   
feels left out of decision 
gah    f it
it is getting cold already  started packing today!
needs phone minutes!!! etisalat sucks!
needs his wife to get online
packin up and goin home 
just about finished packing  glad to be going home and getting away from this place for a few weeks 
needs to gets some <propfirst> lynch off of itunes
hope everything works out well  hopefully r c  will come through 
sweet    im leaving today!!!
so i have gotten lost in baf twice now  cant believe this place has 4 subways  its px is like the size of a walmart  pouge heaven 
this is becoming a <propmale> headache 
<propfemale> <propfemale> lamb is now home 
"well the first night was a little rough, but enjoyable "
"i can honestly say that i have never been this tired, but yet somehow in a good mood "
looking foward to bed!!!
hoping tonight goes a lot smoother than the previous one  it is already off to a good start    my wife is makin' brownies!!! and someone is getting on my nerves!!!
time is going way too fast 
"i cannot believe that two weeks went by as fast as they did  well, back to the best place in the world  sad "
so    i am currently contemplating catching a flight back to the states before its too late 
harder the second time 
gah    i cant believe i came back 
pickin' up where i left off 
"well, i have been back a little over a week now     and im ready to go back home "
waiting on the chow hall to open up 
oh yeah and i need a shower
i feel like death 
fridays is just another monday
thank god today is over    almost
sore  working the back tomorrow 
good night world
pain    throughout my body    just pain 
i hate idiots 
and the daily routine continues    as it always does 
not really sure what to put here today   
"i have the most beautiful, wonderful, fantastic wife in the whole world, who gave me the most beautiful baby girl in the world   and she mailed guitar hero 5 today    love you babe!"
"organize this, pack that then unpack it    all bs"
whatever
four hours till hell
returning to the previous position    and not looking foward to it 
just lost the game     havnt done that in a long time 
"about one month till chrismas b-day, then around two three months and im outta here    and wont have to deal with these people any longer"
"thanksgiving just isn't the same in afghanistan  we played a few sports and even had some good food, but its still not the same "
new miserable e playful erience   
you know when your back starts to itch and its in that one specific spot that you can never reach  i hate that 
nature calls    pce
thank god this week is over 
"you know what really grinds my gears? you <propfemale>, f*ck you "
alright    another day down!!!
thin-mints are awesome!!!
i dont get paid enough 
not too thrilled about the carelessness that some people pose when they decide to post things 
fob vulcan is now white  got about 6 inches of snow today 
"long day, hot chow tonight though  thats always a good thing "
"it never ends! oh well, what can you do "
only 3 days 'till christmas  sure doesn't feel like it 
i hate dry countries 
going to bed   
"it's too early for this  need more sleep, and a bottle of nyquil (night-time)"
just got the worst hair cut in my life  how do you mess up a medium fade  i have a f*cking bowl on top of my head!!!
things just seem to be falling into place  love it 
brocatos=awesome
gonna be a long night
pain throughout the body
another day in paradise
waiting game
irritated
looking at comforters and wondering why
stp
"\and i would walk five-hundred <propmale> and i would walk five-hundred more\""    \""da-da da da\""   """
"got up, ate breakfast, got a shower, and turned in some laundry  off to a good start today "
strange to think its been over a year 
more snow   
"ok so i thought this would be pretty cool at first, now i am bored out of my mind!"
well    im online for the next twelve hours 
50 more days!
has come to the conclusion that ice never gets easier to walk on 
more upset about this than i thought i would be 
so    today went well
this day just gets better and better   f it
my feet are cold
i dont like this
confusion
yep    i messed up
high today: 12  low today: -4
only 8 5 hours   
13 more days     awesomeness
i love those long conversations 
"\if i knew picasso i would buy myself a gray guitar and play\"""""
tomorrow is gonna suck    got to love kp 
the mole is gone    now its just a huge scab 
"\what you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful\"""""
"\a silence i cant ignore like the hammocks by the doorway\"""""
"bored as hell  all i have been doing is watching sitcoms for the past three days  whatever, could be worse "
i desperatly need sleep 
yes i am doing fine!!!
i hate banks!!!
wow  361 days
goodbye vulcan!!!
so i think i want to go back to vulcan  im going out of my mind here 
good lord i got really bored today 
time is creeping by
so much for getting out of here today
dont know if i'll ever leave this country 
4 more days 
"well, i'm on the last stop on my way home  going to chill for the next few days, sleep a lot, and hope time goes by fast "
"funny how people are joining groups portraying the new healthcare system as being a bad idea  if you were to ask 90 percent of the people that join these groups what they do not like about it, they would not be able to give you a legitimate answer  i'm not saying that the new healthcare system is perfect, but what can you e playful ect from a nations government whose people are deeply divided on all of its <propmale> issues "
just got finished watching the most distubing news sequence that i have seen since 9 11
"hey <propfemale>, pay for health insurance of be fine $695 or 2% of your income (whichever is more)"
39 hours
27 hours 
going home tomorrow  whatup  joyful 
well    i made it home 
finally got internet in my house    sweet 
going against the grain    smile 
the best thing about a phone with internet is that you never need to find a magzine to read while your on the toilet
xbox live has facebook
i love tax returns
gah
bout to get a shower
mo food
bout to go stand at the corner of waffle house  trying to find a job is a pain in the *ss 
hangin with the crew tonight    after <propfemale> gets home 
<propfemale>???
has got to take a huge    restroom
this chicken is gonna be awesome!
more chicken please!!!
leftover chicken = happy stomach    <propfemale> is sick  sad 
hey babe
your phone keeps going off!!!!
you may want to get that
i love my wife
i hate our damn water!
so <propfemale> had 1399 text messages on the previous phone <propmale> compared to my astounding 182 
just made some awesome breakfast    well it was about an hour ago but it was still awesome  good morning peoples    joyful 
so i have gained over 20lbs since i have been home 
animal shelter today    gonna try not to take them all home 
"if everything goes well, i will start work on tuesday  not the job i want, but a job none the less "
anhhh
ready for bed    maybe the wife will be up for some super <propfirst> when she gets home    
hey babe    lets go shopping?!?!?
hello last nights dinner  how are you today???
well im in corinth and chillin
turkey is awesome!!!
i want to watch some <propfemale> wars
im freakin hungry
"gah, back to drill this weekend  sad  first time i will have put on that uniform since i've been home "
so i no longer fit into a majority of my old clothes    i think i may actually be pushing 210 215
headed for tampa tomorrow in the early am
heading to fl to see my dad and the rest of the fam  toad-ly going to the beach and busch gardens while we're there 
good day today    spent the day at busch gardens and had a cuban sandwich with deviled crab from brocatos for lunch    awesome!!!
watching <propfemale> pack   
bought my first suit today 
on my way to the beach
chillin at the beach drinkin a <propmale>  alright!
one word - lobster  i hate being white sometimes    joyful 
hangin with the crew plus two 
this is freakin retarded 
so its 12:17 am and i decided back to school
about to go out of my mind
so    interesting first fathers day 
cant get anywhere this week with school or a job  who needs vacation anyways?
im going to bed    gonna join me?
i've got to take a restroom
"bad gas, here i come "
show of hands    how many people in this world have to determine whether they need to do the dishes or get a shower? you can only do one and even sometime not get finished with the one you pick  bs
"early day tomorrow    why am i still up? oh yeah, my wife wanted to watch top gun "
my leg hurts 
i haven't seen any of the crew in like two days  withdraws 
;alkfj;lakjdf;lkanf;f
i'm totally eating spagettios for dinner!
got some serious b o  going on right now  may want to get a shower before going out tonight    if i ever get the <propmale> 
hurry up <propfemale>
supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious
lay a few bombs before you drop the nuke 
woooo  the therapy is kickin in 
i may have a little alcohol in my system right now but i am looking foward to starting school 
<propfemale> slept last night and late this morning   smile 
<propfemale> woke up so late this morning that i had to feed her lunch instead of breakfast 
"thinking of the chick that was crying because she couldn't get in to see the new twilight movie  lol  pretty pathetic when you cry over not seeing a movie, especially one like twilight  on the flip side, grown ups was awesome "
cleanin da house
**** everybody!!!
"for the first time since we have moved in, we did laundry, dishes and took showers all in the same day    happy that our pump is fixed "
i need to come up with a new language for the crew 
yep
getting tired of <propmale> losing everything
hungry
mmm
puking cat   
waiting on you 
rockin the penguin boxers   
hangin with the grow ministry
'bout to head to church
just like a big taco   
read my back and guess what it says 
so the flank steak with roasted peppers and feta stuffing was awesome   
youth group tonight!
just left jocks and jills  had a great time 
needs to go to bed
i hope <propfemale> sleeps till noon tomorrow
"\counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of a war drum\"""""
"just got back from the lake with the youth group  ate food, flipped a jet-ski, and had a great time   "
well    eveything that needed to be done at <propmale> is finished  start classes in 10 days   
the most complicated tupaware ever
youth group tonight!
"i feel so smart    got the \office\"" set up """
"\i wanna be a billionaire\""     remedial classes"""
three more days   
"in like 40 hours, i will be in my first class   "
classes start tomorrow 
needs to go back to bed   
<propfemale> is being beyond difficult 
overloaded???
yay    now i get to read about oral communication  i just want to go to bed  may have to take a nap when i get home 
"would anyone like to donate six 2\ three ring binders???"""
red bull gives you wings! or the ability to do your homework and keep up with an 11 month old at the same time 
"xbox 360 for sale  $150  includes all necessary cables, one controller, 60 gb hard drive and a few games "
waiting on <propfemale> to get out of class so we can go home 
gah    even on weekends i cant sleep in   
smells like afghanistan
"finally, i get to sit down "
feeling pretty good today  slept well last night  now if the printers would stop being retarded
"after many e playful erimental attemps and countless hours of studying, results are conclusive  school sucks "
do i really want to go to convocation???
"well, one of our cats died last night at the vet  did what we could  kind of bummed about it "
so i'm hungry  dinner didn't go very far 
"well, this getting up early thing is getting easier  now if classes would do the same "
i hate this time of day 
made a 90 on my geography quiz and a 100 on my first paper  w u
chillin with <propfemale>
the dryest book i have ever read
"gonna raise some \cain\"" this morning """
i'm quite impressed  fm95 5 is actually airing something worth listning to 
corn flakes    
school is a pain 
i hate mondays   
"whenever i become a teacher, im going to tell one of my students to write a thesis on why girlfiends wives have to wear mens clothing "
just now finished the weekends homework with 25 minutes to spare    sweet
should i shave my armpits???
tired today    tired yesterday   
sitting in bs 101    bet you cant guess what that stands for   
egg salad   
cause thats why its honors   
listning to some <propmale> boortz
people make me mad 
yep    its morning 
<propmale> <propmale> stared at an ied and the trigger man blew up
being a grown-up sucks   
is now paraniod about ants
"2 quizes today, one tomorrow, and a test on thurs  this week is awesome   "
start shadowing next week at hart county middle school   
eat me 
if only i could partake in such a sandwich   
just finished the test 
gots to pee
made an a on my human geography test!
"hide yo wife, hide yo kids and hide yo husbins too cause they rapin erbody out here "
gah
can a pregnant woman drive in the carpool <propfirst>? looking foward to responses 
"if someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, is it considered a hostage situation?"
why do they put braille on the drive through bank machines?
messed up in the mind
yay now i get to go to school   
thinking about the acs that i pulled out of the bottom of my tough box last night  good times 
needs to find the motivation to get back in shape 
some things are easier than others  some things may surprise you 
"do nothing from selfishness or conceit, but in humility count others better than yourselves  philippians 2 smile "
life is tough    get over it!!!
"the righteousness of the upright will deliver them,but the treacherous will be caught by their own greed  - proverbs11:6"
kosovo???
fall is right around the corner  maybe cooler weather is too 
"have i not commanded you? be strong and courageous  do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the lord your god will be with you wherever you go  <propfirst> 1:9"
feels the need for a nap
hart county is getting spanked
"come january, the 3 of us will be living at ft  benning "
i am so glad sponge <propmale> is on  now i can do some studying 
just murdered a human geography test  i feel another a coming along 
leaves are starting to turn 
out of my hands now  hope everything goes well 
gonna shoot some guns today   
"hey brochacho, are you guys still coming over tomorrow "
making <propfemale> some breakfast 
crab + muscles + shrimp + sausage + potatoes + corn on the cob + onion = awesomeness in my bellay  
clean kitchens are nice 
is praying for backsplash
mmmm    chili
time for bed
why
well its halfway through the semester and i'm making all a's and b's 
there are two main choices in life: accept things the way they are or take the responsibility of changing them 
just murdered another midterm test
just had some fish tacos made with grilled grouper  made it with and awesome chipotle lime dressing that we made and some pico de gallo  it was really good 
some people are just so     gay 
hello my name is <propfirst> and i like chocolate milk 
only one more day of school this week 
helping out with youth group tonight then having potato soup with sausage for dinner  its going to be a good day 
double baconer  clog you arteries with awesome 
road trip 
smells like burnt privates  joyful 
what to do    what to do    what to do   
why is the heat broken   ?
i hate school but i would rather go tomorrow instead of feeling like this 
here is what you need to do  1) go to google home <propfemale> 2) type find <propmale> <propmale> 3) click im feeling lucky tab
about to cook some chickin
eatin like a college students is supposed to eat    tostino's pizza rolls
wonder if this rain will be followed by cooler weather
about to go to bed  joyful 
mmm  orange juice and toothpaste 
what to do on a friday night?
"halloween is just a holiday that girls use to dress like hoes and get away with it  you're not a cat, you're a hoe with cat ears and a tail!"
tomorrow = november = lots of food = awesomeness  what is the moral of the story? tomorrow = awesomeness
so i practiced my speech and it was like 12 minutes long    it cant be any longer than 7  i didnt think that i would ever have to cut back on school work 
i want to cook something good but somewhat easy tomorrow night  any suggestions?
i cant sign into xbox live    not cool
well this is new   
i voted today  have you?
"the federal reserve is spending 600,000,000,000 dollars of money that doesn't exist on government bonds  how is that going to stimulate our economy?"
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
"so, <propfemale> and i found out last night that eating \healthy\"" doesn't alway taste good """
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
just another day at the range
cookout and bonfire
not going to be a good morning 
finally get to go home 
anybody want to go running with me today  i need a motivator 
http annoyed  videoquick net a ?watch=r3anly3hz
my agenda: go to school and black ops
does it work yet
<propfemale> looks like a chipmunk with bananas and french toast sticks crammed in her mouth 
gonna do some huntin later on with the ol' lady
well havent seen nothin yet
just dropped a deer
"<propfemale>, facebook works on your computer now "
"just finished a paper, now i think it is time for cod "
i stink    need a shower 
just had a deer tenderloin  cooked it whole on the grill  think i may cut into little steaks next time 
i need food 
mmm     leftovers!
i miss my dog   sad 
last day of cm 130    thank god    ready to be out of that school 
killed that speech 
school is over 
all a's and b's this semester 
"if you're forced to have it as a child, you wont enjoy it as an adult   "
there are some stupid apps on facebook   
its one hour until my wife's bday and i still haven't gotten her a gift   
i love turkey 
mall
"<propfemale> used the \big girl\"" potty twice today """
happy bday jesus!
thanks everyone for the bday wishes  i greatly appreciate it 
woooo    hockey!
i wish there was brocato's in hartwell 
some dudes are such chicks    
17 degrees outside   
hello people   
what does she want now?
how does someone fall up the stairs  can stupidity defy gravity?
someone call me so i can find my phone    thanks   
off to church   
yay    its tax time  fair tax would save us all the hassle of tax season  think about it <propfemale>   
matchbox twenty is still awesome!
congratulations to my friends kellen and <propfirst> on there new baby boy 
i want a pickle    
5 years today
my legs still hurt 
it's almost demeaning  last year this time and this year now 
not everyone likes lemonade
"walmart, you never fail to remind me why i don't like people "
i hate you <propfirst> horton 
somethin about margaritaville
not all people are created equal for some are just plain stupid 
i love taco night!
needs some wings and therapy    anybody interested?
finally got a slot for wlc 
"well, it is 9:15 and i forgot to go to church tonight    great, now i'm going to hell "
"just got done fishing  3 bass, 2 crappie    good day "
i desperately need new boots before wlc  my current ones are about at there end 
