9c9468faac25564a92eaa56f94d88697
"so new years <propfemale> was super funn! hit a few bumps in the road, but it just showed me how some people really are and what they really want  a new year means a new me! bammm!"
"i dont know whats worse: being lied to, cheated on, or both  all i know is that it sucks! he sure doesnt know what hes givin up    "
what time is it? hot tub timeee!!!  smile 
"chillen at school til joes test is done, then going home to r-e-l-a-x!"
can't stop loving <propfirst>! &hearts;
"when you sit down and think about it, life is just a confusing mess huh?"
wants things to go my way just this once      
needs to know how to upload photos on here  another reason to dislike facebook lol  help anyone    ?
we have the car for the whole week so who wants to chill  ???
"wants things to be different than they are, still happy tho, for the time being       "
needs a real friend right now    
hangin out with <propfemale> today  hopefully it will take my mind off things    
def  had a fun day and night with <propfemale>! she makes me do silly things!!! ahhhh!
had such a fun night last night! im actually lovin the single life!
gonna try to get my mind off things and just live life!!!  laugh  <propfemale> is the best friend everrrr!!!
christmas parade! hope it doesnt rain!!! then going out with some really good friends  cant believe im actually living my life for me now!
i dont know what to do        
well last night was a first     and i had a blast! i love having the best friend that i do shes ah-mazing! &hearts;
thursday is coming up real fast     hope everything goes right   
yeah! now i do! i wasnt  thinking of costa rica i was thinking of who i knew in the states with that name jajaja! so how ya been?
so tday was more than perfect    people can say what they want but its my life and i just wanna be happy
so i guess like 350 million people play farmville on here? wow     
"so today was just another wonderfeul day  had a cookout, played football, got a haircut this really was the perfect day i can get used to this  smile "
i love people but i hate humanity
christmas is soooooo close! and 2009 is almost over! where has the time gone??
seriously?!? why does it seem like this is the first christmas where im the only one with christmas spirit? happy brithday jesus thats what its all about!!
<propfemale> christ-mas everyone! happy birthday jesus and happy 18th birthday to my brother <propfirst> tomorrow! love you kid your turnin out pretty good im proud of you! &hearts;
"&hearts; <propfemale> christ-mas everyone! &hearts; dont forget the real meaning of this wonderful holiday! jesus, family and lots and lots of fooooood!"
christmas was amazing! i love the new family i have and everything they did for me today! you know who you are and i love all of you guys!
had a sweet freakin day with my hunny! i love that butterflis feeling he gives me! happy 18th birthday <propfirst>! im sooo proud to call you my brother! love ya lots!
had an awesome night just goofing off and talking  im sure glad my boyfriend loves me! going to spend the day with him in daytona! its 11:11 make a wish! &hearts;
you better believe i'm gonna be somebody someday! now i know what i want and where i wanna be and i'm goin for it!
hates being lied to    but it will all come out in the wash!  smile 
going shoppin in daytona with the girls! its gonna be an awesome day!  smile ]
cant stop thinkin    my mind is goin like 50 thousand <propmale> per hour!
just leave me alone about it ok? if you lived my life then you would understand but you havent so get off me
"sitting here with the man of my dreams thinking how amazing 2010 has really been  the ups and downs, loved ones lost, new friends made, and the laughs and tears that will never be forgotten  i dont know what 2011 is gonna bring for me, but im sure it will be great!  smile "
"i'm as simple as this, i'm as simple as can be  its me and you forever  me and you forever   love "
mmmm lasagna and garlic bread for dinner  add my wonderful and super amazing boyfriend and lost and what do you get? perfection!  smile 
shower time      never had a headache that i couldnt just sleep off     annoyed 
zumba = my new favorite thing! haha gettin up bright and early  5 a m to go again! whoooo hooo life is good!
just got back from zumba! feeling refreshed! fixin to run errands with <propfemale> then later hangin out with <propfirst> the hoe  (not the <propfirst> you think    )
blue with white polka dots!  smile 
church was super uplifting! put in me a good good mood! now im ready for whatever life has to throw at me! bring it on!  smile 
"en memoria de la familia y amigos que <propfemale> perdido la batalla contra el cáncer y aquellos que continuan para conquistarla  pon esto en tu página si conoces alguien que tiene o ha tenido cáncer  querido dios, te ruego por la cura <propmale> cáncer  (93% no copiaran y pegaran esto, ¿lo harás tú? wow i read this whole thing and understood every word! yay! support breast cancer awareness month!  love "
macaroni and cheese and diet coke  two of god's greatest inventions  smile 
court today  pray pray pray for me pleasee!!
takin myself a much needed nap! even tho last night was worth stayin up so late for  smile 
church! then chillin with my <propfemale>  i dont even care what we do as long as i'm with you! *hearts;
church! then chillin with my <propfemale>! &hearts;
is on cloud 9 and a half! wish things would be this easy all the time  no worries no drama no bs  just me  livin life  just the way i want to!!!
<propmale> out with my <propfemale> today! he makes me feel like the only girl in the whole entire world that matters! yay!
hangin out with &hearts;him&hearts;
sooooo   the bonfire last night? amazing! and the bf? even more amazingg!! going to ocala for the day with ?him? yay!
goin to the gym with my baby and his momma today! gotta do some cleaning then i'm outtt!
sooo thank you <propfemale> and his mom  now i freakin love farmville haha had a great day workin out and hangin out with my boo  love 3
is finnally getting her ged!!! february 10th and 11th for sure! i knew prayer works! so glad i never lost faith in god or myself!  smile 
ladies: dont plan anything for next saturday at 3 pm  im having a <propfirst> <propfemale> party and neeeeeed people to come! let me know if you can make it!
spent the day with my love <propfemale>! lol had a great day even tho some people cant just enjoy it when their girlfriend makes them dinner hahaha!
finally put pics up! goooo look!
going bowling with the <b>family< b> the only people that really truly matter in life!
going bowling with the family! this should be interesting           !!  smile 
basketball today! then go karts afterwards? heck to the yesss!  smile 
so last night under the stars with my baby was amazingggg! hes so great and i am super lucky to have found someone as crazy and goofy as me! its so amazing the way god works!  love 3
hangin out with the lil brothers til the wonderfulawesomefantasticamazing boyfriend comes over  smile 
i call saras lil brother who are 11 and 14 my lil brothers too bc i live here and they treat me like family
listening to bellas lullaby from twilight and am determined to learn it on piano  got a good chunk of it done but now im at a standstill  frustrating!
"off to make breakfast for me and the bestie! whats with everyone and this formspring thing? kinda dumb if you ask me  if you wanna ask someone something, why do you do it anonymously?"
"we text all day while hes at work, <propfemale> out til i have to be home, text til i fall asleep just to wake up with a smile on my face and start it all over again! what is this amazing feeling????  love "
valentines day weekend bonfire!!  love  tonights gonna be amazing!!!  smile 
saw the lightning thief with my baby last night  it was pretty good  pray that his tooth gets better he goes to the dentist today  i just want him better!!!  love 
spending tomorrow with my babyyyy!  love  he knows just what to say to keep a smile on my face!! finally happy  smile 
its about time my sunshine came back to florida! cant believe how perfect it is out! i refuse to stay inside another second!  love 
shoot well there goes my awesome sunshiney day        sad 
"had an awesome day with my hunny  home from playing basketball, showered, and ready to go out again! i  love  lifeee!!"
so my boyfriend? amazing! so glad i have him its amazing how life works isnt it?
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile!  smile """
"heres the plan: wake up, get my coffee, take the boys to school, and go for a walk every morning with <propfemale>  we said that last week but it didnt happen, lets see how this week goes : )"
never think you're not good enough to do something  remember amateurs built the ark but professionals built the titanic! : d
"\be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind \"" so what of he writes childrens books dr  suess is a genuis  laugh """
interview tomorrow at taco <propfemale>! i'm pretty sure i have the job! keep praying tho it never ever hurts! ?
so your looking at the newest employee of taco <propfemale>! yay for me i start sometime next week! thanks for all your prayers they sure did help! ?
got new baby chicks! they are superr cute and superr noisey but <propfemale> and i are gonna have <propfemale> much fun raising them!! i start at taco <propfemale> either saturday evening or monday morning  laugh 
yay! i start taco <propfemale> on thursday from 10-2! gosh life cant get much better than this!  laugh 
going to bed knowing i have the best friends and the most amazingg bnoyfriend on the planet  god really has blessed me and i dont even have enough breath to thank him for everything hes done for me  how can i do anything else but love him? ?
first day at taco <propfemale> was great! i'm sooo gonna love working there!  laugh 
"whens hes all i ever think about and everything i've ever wanted and makes me the happiest i've ever been, i think its called love ?"
work today!! 10- 2 but prolly later  gosh i love saying that again! : )
work was great : ) going out with my babyy tonight  i absolutelyy 100% love him and want him and nobody else  life is the best its ever been and is getting better every single day!  love 
"\just like tis snowing in the summertime  somethings different and i cant e playful lain it  its like i'm breathing in sunshine  its taken over and i can't e playful lain it!\"" ?"""
"\just like tis snowing in the summertime  somethings different and i cant e playful lain it  its like i'm breathing in sunshine  its taken over and i can't e playful lain it  thats how it feels to be with you  its like i'm finally alive!\"" ?"""
"\just like tis snowing in the summertime  somethings different and i cant e playful lain it  its like i'm breathing in sunshine  its taken over and i can't contain it  thats how it feels to be with you  its like i'm finally alive!\"""""
please pray for me! i'm putting this in gods hands  i know he will work everything out even though i dont see it right now  i just need to remember that he knows what hes doing even when i don't   annoyed 
spending the day with the man that makes my heart smile  then coming home to make cheesecake! haha life is good when you put it in gods hands ?
"oh what a perfect day off! went to the mall, laid out by the pool, then later hanging out with my babyy  psalm 29:2--give unto the lord the <propfemale> due unto his name; worship the lord in the beauty of holiness  ?"
work 10-5  yay for hours! got skype yesterday  anyone that has it let me know!
had a cute lil picnic and a walk on some trails with my hunny  hes amazing   love  work tomottow 10-3  first taco <propfemale> paydayy!!  laugh 
home from work and tired! but getting those hours sure is nice : ) working the next three days in a row 10-5
i love being a lil kid at heart  got the sudden urge to watch the lion <propmale>  yay for netflix! i'm never gonna grow up  its great  : )
much needed beach day with the bestie after work  then something with my hunny afterwards  my florida weather is backk : )
home from work  getting ready for triple date night! i'm super excited! then church and the beach tomorrow! and the amaing weekend starts     now!! : )
happy easter! where would we be if he didn't rise again? oh and happy two months to me and <propfirst>! ?
had a great time at church and a great time at the beach with my wonderful man and some friends! now its movie and pizza night  love you babe! ?
hittin up the poolside for some more sun : )
offically lost my wallet  with half of my first paycheck in it  way to go me   annoyed 
"home from work  bummed out bout my hunnys car, but at least he is okay  off tomorrow lets do something  smile "
new pics up of my lil bros  lookin at em got me a lil teary eyed  man i miss them   heart-broken 
chillin by the pool with my babyy today : )
ok  not a pool day but the super amazing wonderful bf is still comin over in a lil : ) i love being in this kind of love  its perfectt! ?
"i need help finding a car for my bf  something fairly new and ine playful ensive  if you hear of anything  anything at all, do not hesitate to let me know  thanks  : )"
distance makes the heart grow fonder  it doesnt make me miss him any less tho! work 10 smile 0-5  i'm outt! whats goin on tonight?
watching the neverending story  the weirdest movie ever but still one of my alltime favorites! : )
had a great time at church  gonna be reading the book of revalation  sure feels good to be one of god's children  : )
"sittin around reading til i get my hair did! never done anything this drastic, i hope i like it! : )"
my hair? freakin amazingg! thanks a billion <propmale> : )
"my hair? freakin amazingg! thanks a billion <propmale> : ) now were gonna play battle of the sexes  me, <propmale>, and <propfemale> againt our men  should be sooo much fun : )"
my boyfriend=completelzy freakin amazingg! i love being in love  and so super glad its him i'm gonna be with forever  ohh what a feeling! ?
my boyfriend=completelzy freakin amazingg! i love being in love  and so super glad its him i'm gonna be with forever  ohh what a feeling! ?
someone hacked my facebook everyone that was not me! anyways   my boyfriend=completely freakin amazingg! i love being in love  and so super glad its him i'm gonna be with forever  ohh what a feeling! ?
"i'll be up, up, and away  up, up, and away  cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway  so  whatever "
movie timee  : ) got some new pics of the new hair! i am so incredibly in love with pinkk : )
work  10-5  but my bed is so cooomfy!!
i guess if i was borin they would love me more  guess if i was simple in the mind everything would be fine  i'm that (wo)man on the <propfemale>  and imma do what i do so do you hey hey  : )
"dear lord: this year you took my favorite actor <propfirst> swayzie,you took my favorite actress <propfemale> fawcett, you took my favorite singer <propfirst> <propmale>  just wanted to let you know,my favorite president is barack obama  amenn! haha!!  laugh "
"gross its monday  gotta work 11-5  but i get to see my hunny tonight, so i'm excited! i love being in love its amazingg! ?"
"goin to see my mom and brothers tomorrow! so excited!! one step at a time, one step at a time : )"
"i'm growing up  and its not nearly as scary as i thought it was gonna be  i say life couldn't be any better  than this, but i know it will only get better from here  yay for epiphanies!  : )"
work today  hopefully not for too long  happy birthday momma! love you! ?
off to bed  got some running around to do before work tomorrow  then hopefully workin til 5 smile 0  gettin them hoursss! = )
"when he smiles at me, i get butterflies  when he kisses me, my heart melts  and when he tells me he loves me, i feel like the luckiest girl in the world  i am so in love with him its ridiculous  ?"
have lots of running around to do with my hunny  glad i get to spend the wholeee day with him! life is great and being in love is a million times better!  love 
chillin with some friends from work later : ) cleanin my room and jammin out to cudi til then : )
goooooodnight! going to bed knowing that what we have is true and real and i wouldnt ask for anyone else in the whole entire world  i love him  he loves me  end of story  or should i say the beginning ?
? how sweet it is to be loved by youuuu!? gonna be out and about with my ride or die chick today  tgif!!
hangin out with some super awesome amazing friends tonight  its gonna be a ggrrrreeeaaat night : ) cant wait for tomorrow!
out by the pool with the little ones  then dinner with my mr  amazing tonight  thennnn church tomorrow with my momma and daddy  gosh life is amazingg ?
i love him  he loves me  end of story  or should i say its just the beginning ? work tomorrow 10-5 : )
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like bird, dizzy in my head, spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night  you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh, you make me smile! 3 months of amazingness with my baby  i love being in love ?"
guess whos finally getting her ged on tuesday and wendesday? this girl right here!! yay for moving forward with my life! ?
dinner with my amazingg boyfriend! meeting the parents tonight! life could not be better! ??
hangin with the boyfriend in a few  he just takes my breath away  love 
soooooo i absoultely love my boyfriend  and its not the fake stupid i said it bc you said it kind  its the real deal  forever  ahh i love this feeling  ?
la la la work til 5 then hangin out with my girl : ) gonna be thinkin about ?him? all day  i just love that boy 
studyinggg! essay i'm not so worried about  math on the other hand    ugh! pray for meeee!!!  smile 
"taking the first half of the ged today, then iron man 2 with my hunny! man i'm feeling goooood!"
iron man was alright  not what i e playful ected  still good tho  the rest of the ged tomorrow then chillin with nat! sa-wheeeet!  smile 
ged laugh one!!  laugh  chillin with <propfemale> and <propfirst> in a little bit  should be funn  smile 
new phonee!! message me for the number!  smile 
off to the beach today with my hunny and <propmale>  gonna be so much fun! tgif! ?
"just woke up a few hours ago, but i'm gonna go take a nap  work at 4, then church with my hunny <propfemale> tomorrow  ?"
what a fabulous day! totally hittin up the poolside for some r&r ?
"meeting him was fate, becoming his friend was a choice, but falling in love with him was beyond my control  ?"
i absolutely adore my boyfriend! goodnight! ?
"we are what we repeatedly do  excellence then, is a habit not an act "
springs with my girl on my day off  laugh  ahhh summer! ?
"when all else fails, remember god never will ?"
gooooo magic!! go go goooo!  laugh 
trying to get a second job tomorrow! hopefully things will work out the way i want and need them to! prayyyyy! it never hurts!  laugh 
gonna be at my mommy and daddys house this weekend! things are getting back to the way they should be!  laugh  ?
looking for another job  preferably one on the weekends  i neeeeeed this!! let me know if you have anything for me? thankssss  laugh 
spent the day with my love  it was great minus the fact that i went job searching and it didnt go so well  but coming home and getting my poolside on with him for a lil bit sure was fun  work tomorrow  laugh 
going to bury myself in this book until i fall asleep  spending tomorrow with my love ? text it if you want  goodnight 
"had a great time with my love today  haircut, then steak and shake, then home for a movie and cuddle time  mmmm what a wonderful life! ? work tomorrow then off for the weekend  lets make planssss!!!!"
"its only been 4 months, but its been the best 4 months of my life and i am so in love with him its ridiculous  he has my heart and no one else is ever gonna for me what he does for me every single day  hes my dream come true, my knight in shining armor, my <propmale> charming and most of all the love of my life  ?"
mmmm what a night  brickhouse with my love followed by <propfemale>ing out with my amazing friends and crazy photo booth pics with the bestie  i love love loveeee life! anybody wanna <propfemale> tomorrow i got the day off  im thinkin something outside that involves a bathing suit perhaps? text meeeee! g'nite! ?
i love how sitting under the <propfemale>s really brings us closer together and make me realize how much i love him  got an amazing <propfemale> night planned with my love tonight its gonna be fantastic! don't bother texting me i'm turning my phone off  mmmm just me and him  ?
"so my brother  hes gonna be in texas for 10 weeks, home for a week, then in dc for 18 months   hes doing great things with his life and i love that kid  hes my little brother and i still look up to him  ?"
got a new number again  finally got put on my hunnys plan  message me for the new one  gonna keep this one this time haha  smile 
mmm what a great day and to finish it off grabbing some dessert and watching juno with my love  beach tomorrow with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propmale>!  laugh 
today was awesome! totally will suffer from this crazy crazy sunburn but it was totally worth it! i love love love my crazy goofy awesome wonderful friends!! ?
"ughhhhh! sunburn = no fun! work, then some rest, then my hunnys comin over  smile "
"love is passion  obsession  someone you can't live without  fall head over heels  find someone you love like crazy and loves you the same way back  and how do you find them? forget your head and listen to your heart  run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back  to make the journey and not fall deeply in love? well, you haven't lived a life at all  you have to try  because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived "
my hunny is coming over!  laugh  movie and pizza night  i love him ?
"fat chick night! complete with pizza, a scary movie, ice cream for dessert and some super awesome friends  life = ?"
"\love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies \""-aristotle"""
i love getting butterflies from cute amazing text messages from my cute amazing boyfriend  hes the best  goin out with my love tonight  he has my ?
looking for something  anything  to get me around  preferable an ine playful ensive moped until i can afford a car  ugh this is aggravating!  annoyed 
"i found a moped! gonna go look at it in deltona the next day i have off, but the pics look great and i'm almost positive i'm gonna buy it  look out i'm gonna be on the road! dun dun duuuuuuun!  laugh "
going to bed  suuuuuper tired  going to look at the moped on thursday and gonna get it next week! things are finally getting where i want them to be! slow and steady wins the race  laugh  ?
i got my ged! i got my ged! i got my ged!!!  laugh 
scratch that  i got my high school dilpoma! i got my high school diploma! i got my high school diploma!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
what a night    creepy weirdo stalker guy at 10 o clock at night    work tomorrow 10-5  laugh 
you know you truly love someone when everyday you see them is like the first time you fell in love  ? work 10-5 
blehhh headache  annoyed  my hunnys comin over tho  watchin lord of the rings! ? work again tomorrow 10 smile 0-5  getting them hourssss!
"ughhh! looking for stuff on craigslist thats actually worth buying is painfull! \dont give up \"" gosh i love my boyfriend! hes the best!"""
wow so no one told me being in love was gonna be this amazing! i cant wait for whatever the future holds for me and my charliebear! ? work tomorrow 10 smile 0-5
"we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and \when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up\ with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love  hehe  laugh "
today was suuuuper fun  smile  goin to eat and out to the movies with my love in a few  he just makes my heart go crazyy! ?
spending the day with my loveee! going to the mall to finally get some more love spell then who knows?!? text me i'm outt ?
spent some much needed time with my parents today  had a good talk  things are lookin up  just try and stop me now i'm goin all the wayy to the top! work tomorrow 10 smile 0-5 ?
off to read for a lil bit then get some much needed sleep  work tomorrow 8 smile 0  bleh  girls night tommorow? mayyyybeeee  smile 
had a great day at work today  smile  now off with my lovee  checkin out whats goin on downtown then car wash then picnic! gosh we are perfect for each other!
i want a piano     bad!
going to get some pizza with my love ? i'm just so genuinely happy!  laugh 
daytona lagoooooooon  smile 
what an amazingg past 2 days  i really really needed it  my boyfriend > everyone else!! love you baby ? out and about with nat today and whoever else decides to come along  yay  laugh 
"true love is not about the hugs and kisses, the 'i love you's' or the 'i miss you's', but about the chills that hit every part of your spine when you think about him  ?"
gettin my tat fixed really soon  where should i go? helppp!  smile 
meeting up with friends at boston coffee then to take over the world     should be an eventful day  laugh 
great day today  <propmale> out with my bestie  smile  home now waiting on my love  work tomorrow! finallllly!
came home from work and took a nap  it was niceeee  smile  workin tomorrow night but free during the day  im thinkin somethin involving a bathing suit and the sunnn  laugh 
relaxing with my love by the pool in a lil bit  then movie night after that  smile  silverstein tomorrow! whoo!
so my first concert was pretty rad  had lots of fun with my love and his goofy friends  smile  moved back in with the rents too  lets see how this works out    
bleh work at 8 smile 0  soooooo not wanting to go  should be a good day tho  we will see  i get to see my hunny tonight! i love him love him  love him!
off work  drivethru sucked like always but it made the day go by faster  now home to shower and relax and wait for my love  smile 
staying up late watching movies with my little brother  gosh its great to be home  smile 
staying up late watching movies with my little brother  its great to be home  smile 
maaaaan people are gross  the male population more specifically  all im doing is walking to work and everything driving by with testosterone has to stare or honk  annoying!
basketball with my love and some friends! havent played in such a long time  should be funnnn  smile  opening tomorrow whoo  -not-
6 amazing months with my hunny <propfemale> today  laugh  we were sooooo made for each other  i love him with all my heart!  love 
hanging out just me and my lil brother today  hes my best friend in the whole entire world  smile 
"the best things in life are unseen, thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, and dream \"",2010-0 surprise 5 20 surprise 2 smile 1""",9c9468faac25564a92eaa56f94d88697,going out with my bestie and some friends for her birthday  smile  happy birthday nat!  smile 
going out with my bestie and some friends for her birthday! happy birthday nat!  laugh 
off work now  chillin with nat again  smile 
rock band with nat and some friends then the other guys with my love in a lil bit  good day  smile 
spent some much needed us time with my super amazing oh so perfect boyfriend today  i love that boy  more than words could ever describe
"me- \what do you wanna be when you grow up?\""\",9c9468faac25564a92eaa56f94d88697,watchin a movie with just me and my momma  gosh i missed times like this
home from church  going on the library then taking a nap! enjoying my day off  smile 
just got off the phone with the love of my life  that boy really knows how to make my heart smile  hes the only one i need  going to bed with butterflies  thinking about our future  love 
fruit for breakfast then cartoons with the little brother  seeing my love later tonight  yep its gonna be a great day  smile 
i just saw him but i still miss him like crazyy! must be bc i love him with my whole heart! soooo glad i get all day tomorrow with him! hes nothing short of amazing!  love 
had an amazing day with my amazing boyfriend!  love  gosh being with him is the best way to spend time!  smile 
only my little brother wants chicken noodle soup at 6 smile 0 in the morning  gosh i love that kid! babysitting today then work at 5  oh and i am completley and madly in love with my boyfriend!  love 
had fun hangin out with my little brother today  smile  talking to my love all day kept a smile on my face too  work in a lil bit 5-10 
had fun hangin out with my little brother today  watchin movies and havin pillow fights and grilled cheese for lunch  smile  talking to my love all day kept a smile on my face too  work in a lil bit 5-10  love 
home  missing him bunches  wanting things to just fall in place already 
haha yes! cinnamon toast and chocolate milk for breakfast  feelin like a little kid and it feels soooo good  smile 
"can you run to these open arms\when no one else understands\can we tell god and the whole world\i'm your woman, and you're my man\can't you just feel how much i love you\with one touch of my hand\can i just spend my life with you"
had a great dinner and movie night with my love  hes the best thing thats still happening to me!  smile  i love him more than any facebook status could ever describe  love 
bostons coffee with <propfemale> to catch up then adriannas baby shower later  good day with good friends  smile 
hangin out  smile  haha life is good!
grrrr last night was fun  feelin it this mornin tho  guess its just not my thing  oh well there are bigger fish to fry  smile 
off to work  thinking about my love and all the kisses hes gonna get when i see him  love 
"girls night with my three best friends me, myself and i  complete with ice cream and a cute chick flick  smile "
"my boyfriend is amazing! no he didnt buy me anything special or take me out anywhere fancy, he just loves me for me and is the most wonderful thing thats ever came into my life   love "
events for the week: today- work 8 smile 0-5  payday!  smile  tomorrow- court 9 am  friday- finally getting my lisence! should be a great week! getting stuff doneeee!  smile 
well today didnt go the way i wanted  just another hurdle to get over but i will get over it and get on with my life  now cuddled up with my blanket and my bear watching aladin  perfect way to end the day  smile  missing my love like crazyy  love 
just got my lisence! yay! about time!
so incredibly excited to see my love tonight!! dinner and a movie and tons and tons of kisses  love 
out and about with the family today  work at 4  life =  love 
sigh     
church was great  very uplifting  smile  now home to help my wonderful momma make lunch and just relax  i see a nap in my near future  smile  work manana
so the nap that i saw in my near future earlier turned into a 6 hour nap! felt soooooo good but now im awake and not tired and the whole point of the nap was to be rested for work tomorrow  now i wont be able to fall asleep for a while -_-
walking to work  in a great mood  its gonna be an amazing day i can just feel it!  laugh 
work was great  smile  now im home waiting to talk to my love then going for a run  smile 
what if this was that moment? that <propmale> worth taking? history in the making  love 
work was so great! home now relaxing for the night  ahhh life is so good! things just keep getting better and better!  laugh 
rain rain go away i wanna play basketball!!
couldnt be in a better place right now for things to finally start falling into place  good job + great friends + amaaaaazing boyfriend = all i could ever want  love 
crimson tide  thought id try a new movie and all i have to say is way  roll tide roll  prolly the most epic beginning of all time
crimson tide  thought id try a new movie and all i have to say is *wow  roll tide roll  prolly the most epic beginning of a movie of all time
psalm 136  his mercy endureth forever  love 
enjoy every day your given because one day your gonna wake up and be 40 lol
"we were given two hands to hold, two legs to walk, two eyes to see, and two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else for us to find  sooooo glad i've found mine! i love my charliebear! ?"
interview for the second job friday! i soooo have the job i already know  smile  two jobs and an apartment with my love soon life couldnt be any better!
"what a great day! saw my love this morning, went to work, then played basketball  smile  looks like were gonna be moving in the apartment soon than we thought but no complaints here! interview tomorrow  i know i have the job but prayer never hurts!  smile "
i am a loser and should learn how to log off when i leave the computer    
ahh the joys of my brother being home     lol
had a fun time last night with my love and some friends  smile  now out and about until work from 4-3am  not exactly thrilled but its money in my pocket  smile 
starts her first day at wendys tomorrow! 5-2 am after opeing at taco <propfemale> 830-5  haha whaaat?!?
taco <propfemale> > wendys  end of story
we got approved for the apartment!! i'm offically the happiest girl on the planet! ahhhhh i cant wait!  love 
"bought some stuff for the apartment last night  sheets, dishes, and an entertainment stand and two table set  smile  moving in next thursday! this is really happening!  love "
"worked both jobs tonight  not nearly as sleepy as i thought, but tired is an understatement for my feet!  surprise  looking at the big picture tho two jobs will totally be worth it  determined  accomplished  complete  mmmm life is amazing!  love "
watching my hunnys basketball tournament  smile  ra ra ra i'm the cheerleader!  smile 
"when he kisses my forehead when we are saying goodnight, and i look at him and he tells me he loves me, and my heart skips a beat because of all the butterflies and everything gets a little fuzzy except for him, thats when i know its true love  love "
ahhh keys to our very own place  it feels good  no wait it feels amazingg  smile 
looks like a nap then work 5-1 at wendys  then i gotta open at taco <propfemale> at 8 smile 0 tomorrow  no complaints tho  god doesnt take you to it if he cant get you through it   love 
is it thursday yet? i cant wait!  smile 
uhhhhh 7 o clock came fast  sad 
being this in love doesnt happen to just everybody  smile  gosh i am so lucky to have him! he makes my heart smile in ways i never dreamed it could  mmmmm perfection  love 
moving day! ahhh im so excited im about to e playful lodeeee! cant wait to fall asleep in his arms for the rest of forever  loveeee youuuu babeeee  love 
fell asleep in his arms last night  it was amazing  now work til 5 then doin more stuff at home  mmmm our home  smile 
raymonds birthday party today  smile  its so hard to believe hes gonna be 7 on monday! gosh i love that kid!
"time together is just never quite enough  when you and i are alone, i've never felt more at home  love "
"thanks for being my shulder to cry on, my rock to <propfemale> on, listening to all my problems and being my best friend  your the most amazing boyfriend anyone could ever ask for  i love you <propfirst> "
very productive day  got lots done then got to come home and cook a nice dinner for my love  smile  now to relax and completely nerd it out with some videos games  work in the am  i  love  my life
home from work  all showered up  gonna jump on some rainbow six for a little bit  i love me some video games  smile 
woke up this morning and made the love of my life breakfast before he went to work  gonna clean our cute amazing little apartment and relax on my day off  smile 
day off? ha what was i thinking! workin 4-12 smile 0 tonight  wont mind that paycheck thats for sure  smile 
i wanna stand with you on a mountain  i wanna bathe with you in the sea  i wanna lay like this forever  until the sky falls down on me  love 
waking up to those amazingly perfect kisses and never ending i love yous? perfect way to start the day  yeah todays gonna be great i just know it!  love 
i wanna soak up the sun  gonna tell everyone to lighten up  gonna tell them that i dont have no on to blame  every time i feel lame ill just look up  i wanna soak up the sun
out and about running errands with my hunny  i just love being with him all the time  smile 
"had a great day with my hunny  then came home, took a nap, made tacos for dinner, now watching a movie with the man i love  life is amazing  love "
yay for doing an open to close shift at taco <propfemale>  i have no life but that comes with having bills to pay  not complaining in the least but bc at the end of the night im falling asleep in his arms  love 
so yeah  um i offically  love  dead rising 2  yes i am a dork but killing zombies is hilarious!
i remember the first time we met  the first time we <propmale> out  the first time we kissed  and the first time we said i love you  its been 8 months and now i cant see life without him  my <propfirst> = my everything  love 
yay! got a vacuum and a mircowave today! our house is feeling more homey every day  smile  hangin with the bestie now  smile 
i like it in the closet
took an amazing nap  now off to my hunnys basketball tournement  then playing some more basketball with the guys after that  smile 
sitting at home after work watching lord of the rings two and remembering why i love it so much lol waitin for my hunny <propfemale> to get off work  i think he owes me some kisses     love 
great day at church  smile  i swear <propfirst> is my best friend ever! i love that kid to pieces!  love 
watchin the exorcism of <propfemale> <propfemale> with my brother hoping its not as scary as it looks    
what a great way to start the day  rolling over and getting kisses from my love who couldnt stop smiling at me  wow hes amazing  im so happy right now i feel like im gonna e playful lode! work 830-5  love 
home from work  cleaned the house  making dinner in a bit  waitin on my love to get home i'm just as happy as can be  smile 
guess who just paid off probation this morning? this girl right here!  laugh 
off one job and right on to the next  good thing they are right next to each other haha! feelin on top of the world  smile 
"oh dear \its been hardly a moment and you are already missed \and there is a bit of your skin that i've yet to have kissed\ love "
had a great time at hookah booka! good times with great friends  work in the am  traaaaaaining!  smile 
spending time with the man of my dreams  dinner with his parents later tonight  work in the morning  nothing but  smile   smile   smile 's
all cuddly with my love watching lost  happiness  smile 
well that didnt last very long  off to bed for me  sleep has won  work in the am (surpriiiiise!) goodnight  love 
dont know why i slept so good last night  oh wait yeah i do  because it was with him  love  work today only til 2  gosh i feel amazing  smile 
made a yummy breakfast for my love before he left for work  smile  now what to do on this beautiful day off?
going for a run  this should be nice  smile 
"tupac- \changes\"" =  love """
what a great day to be in loveeee!  love 
"\there is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way \""  love """
"dont just go with the flow, run with it!  love "
at home watching a movie til my love gets home from work  boy do i miss himmm!!  love 
watching lost and eating ice cream with my mr  ahhh-mazing  love  what a combo!  laugh 
"suuuuch a great day today! home from work, gonna make dinner for my love (hes pretty amazing), then later goin out with my bestiee! soooooo glad shes in town  laugh d"
i  love  tickle fights!!  smile 
in relaaaaaax mode til my love gets home then making dinner and most likely watching some lost  why am i so into that show? off manana!
cooking is suuuuuch a stress reliever!! in the best mood and now my babys off and on his way home  smile 
serious question: does anyone have the second season of lost on dvd that i could borrow? i wasnt lying when i said i was addicted   haha  smile 
sitting here listening to owl city  mmm life is amazing  cant even imagine a better one! i  love  growing up!
playing rainbow 6 online is way too much fun! except for when it take us 5 minutes to kill the last guy!! lol almost time for my hunny to be home  smile 
carving a pumpkin with my love  smile  ah fall  love 
i love lazy days! work 4-2  totally bummin' it til then  smile 
saw a shooting <propfemale> and made a wish  and it came true bc im on my way home to makin dinner and <propfemale> out with the man of my dreams  love  i love you <propfirst>
ugh community service! d:
my babys home and i have to work in 5 hours  you know what that means? cuddle timeee  love  ah i love my life!
"home from work ready to paaaartay! haha just kidding ready to get in some comfy clothes and cuddle up with my hunny  smile  ah, perfection  love "
your the best i've ever had
pizza and lost with my love and snell yay!  smile 
work work work  gettin off at 4 its gonna be a great day  smile 
awww! so i was passing the spec on my way home and listening to the bands practice for fba totally made my day  smile  gosh i miss those days!  love 
i love that he comes home to me  i love being his  love 
making breakfast and hangin out with my love before work  chocolate chip pancakes yummm!  smile 
"so i figured out something  i love <propmale> marley  and not bc of why everyone else likes him, bc he smokes weed  if you ever sit down and listen to his music    wow"
he brought home chocolate milk from work today bc this morning i told him i wish we had some  he is perfect in every single way  love 
watching the saw movies with my love
cleaning and listening to owl city  smile  ahh i love him!  smile ) no plans today so   hang out? work from 6-3 ewwww!
wow so walking to work i saw a guy in one of those motorized scooters hit a kid on a bike then someone else hit a duck     sad  hopefully work goes a lil bit better  
"gooooood morning! following a great close last night, today is off to a great start  community service then the rest of the day with my love on our day off  i love you hunny <propfemale>!  love "
you know what? im loud  i make mistakes but i learn from them  i like to have fun  i cry alot  i trust people too much  im spontanieous and crazy but thats me  and thats all i'll ever be  is me  love 
yes i ammm    for the rest of my life! haha!  laugh 
"\the difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra \""  wink """
movie time  alone time  thinking time  yep 
just another day in paradise! work til 5 then the fair  smile  and my birthday is offically one week away  ah!  smile 
i love feeling him smile when i kiss him  he is amazingg  love 
oh my! never thought i would say this but im lovingg this cold weather! perfect walking to work weather  smile  at taco <propfemale> til 4 and wendys tonight yay  work work work  smile 
ahhhh! havent pulled an open close open in a minute! this really has been the longest day ever and its not over! wendys for another 3 and a half hours and taco <propfemale> bright and early in the am  work work work!  playful 
"ooh i love the way you, love the way you love me  theres nowhere else id rather beeeee  smile   love "
"best night of work ever and i get to go home to the most amazing man on the planet? yes, life is as it should be  love "
fair tonight with my loveee  smile  super excited!
"so the fair was super fun  smile  left with a big huge <propmale> bear that my love won for me, a cute little goldfish, and a big huge smile  my fair night is complete  smile "
work today  birthday tomorrow  yay  smile 
thinkin bout you  thinkin bout me  thinkin bout us  and who were gonna be  smile 
"love me tender, love me true, all my dreams fulfill  for, my darlin, i love you, and i always will"
love love love my life! cooking dinner for my love and i then just hangin out with him!  smile 
"dinner was yummy  smile  went to wal mart now headed home  got a frappe, life is good  smile "
"i  love  busy days  taco <propfemale> in the am, then family pictures, then back to taco <propfemale>  scheduled there til 6 but go into wendys at 4      there til close  love my life  smile "
been quite a busy day but wanna know what the best part is? falling asleep next to my love  love  goodnight 
thank you lord for doing what you are doing in my life and keeping me on the right path  i love you because you first loved me 
has the worst sore throat ever  sad  but i have me some theraflu and doing a puzzle with my love  smile  community service in the am  the last 3 and a half hours! whoooo! life goes by faster than you think  dont blink!  love 
i cant even remeber the last time i was this sick! it sucks but hopefully it will be just this one time and my body wont ever wanna make me this miserable again 
"you be the <propmale>, i'll be the <propmale>ss  its a love story baby just say yes!  smile "
so my love bought an aquarium and some fish  smile  we put together a bookshelf now putting together the aquarium  making our home a lil bit more homey  smile  yep i love him yes i do!  love 
"and all for love, and nothing for reward  love "
havent had an appitie for 2 days and now im home from work eating a sandwich playing cod  hahaha life is great!  smile 
"todays the daaaay! the sun is shining, the tank is clean, and this girl is getting off probation!! what?!"
"ah, the feeling of not being on probation anymore is a wonderful one! its a beautiful day and i get to spend it with my love  thank you lord for all you do  smile "
so the future in laws came over for dinner  my hunny made chicken <propmale>   smile  played cards then had dessert  good good night  im gonna go crawl into bed with my incredible mr  amazing  love 
"one job down, one more to go  at wendys til 2 whoo hoo"
finally home and showered from such a blehhhhhh day  bedddd
being lazy and doing some more of my new found addiction   playing call of duty! hahah  smile  work at 5
im thinkin <propmale> and cheese for lunch and a nap before work sound great  yep  smile 
on my way to work  havent walked in a while and its beautiful outside  somehow i just know its gonna be a great day  smile 
home from work with a headache  waiting on my love to come home  ive gone entirely too long with out a kiss!
"home with my love, writing  something i havent done in a long time  feels good to pick it back up again  smile "
trying to watch a movie when a leaf blower is right outside your window def counts as annoying!
soooo lovin life right now  everything is going great and just the way i want it to  i have so much to be thankful for! xoxoxoxoxoxo  smile 
"sometimes i sit back and wonder if my life is really going this good  is everything i could ever want actually right in front of me  then i smile because even if only for one second, it is  --karlena o'bryant  love "
"i believe in true love  i believe its ok to make mistakes, but only if you learn fom them  i believe in miracles  i believe in god  i believe in being nothing less than happy  i believe in in myself because thats all i'll ever be!  smile   love "
"cleaning the house and jammin out to some good ol owl city  oh, how i love life!  smile  annnnd the best friend comes into town today yay!  love "
loves how <propfemale> deland is and how many people i just saw that i know just from walking through downtown and back!  smile 
tonights gonna be a good good niiiight! i got a feeling  whoooo hoooo!  smile  so happy the bestie is in town! and going out with my love after!  love 
"im so thankful for my momma  weve had our rough patches but shes never given up on me, discouraged me from what i wanted to do, or called me anything other than beautiful and smart  my mother is amazing  her cookin aint too bad either!  smile  happy turkey daaaay!"
t-minus 6 hours and counting until christmas music!!!!  smile )))))  love 33333
black friday shopping with nat and <propfemale>! gotta keep tradtion! haha good times  smile 
"\heres some <propfemale> wars legos \"" -nat\",9c9468faac25564a92eaa56f94d88697,"immature: \i love you because i need you \"" mature: \""i need you because i love you \"" a wise person once said true love needs no reason its true love!  love """
up from an amazing nap   smile  now to <propfemale> out with someone preeeeety amazing himself before work 4-12  i love being in love!  love 
someone come to taco <propfemale> its soooo slow and i'm soooo bored! and taco <propfemale> is yuuuuuumy!  smile 
well nevermind  off work already and wrapping the first christmas presents of the year  hot chocolate and the love of my life included!  smile   love 
"ah, christmas music on the way to work  smile  oh and goooo gators!!!"
already off work  i guess its ok bc now i get to watch the gators stomp those noles haha!  smile  i love today!  smile 
i  love  the football game commercials!!!  smile 
interception    -_-
i dont care what happens i still love my gators!!  smile 
feels good to come home and get back into my lost  yay for the second season!  smile  what doesnt feel so good is the fact that both me and <propfirst> got each other the second season for christmas     haha?
church + family + christmas music = a wonderful day!  smile 
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy "
made a nice dinner and my first lasagna was a complete success!  smile  eating with my love and watching lost  dessert later  smile 
tonight  perfect dinner  perfect lost  perfect ice cream  perfect playing my keyboard  perfect going to bed with the most amazing man everrr! what a perfect perfect night!  smile   love 
was thinking about going for a walk  didnt realize it was going to be to work and didnt realize i was supposed to be there an hour ago   haha not > indecision 
"\if you ever loved somebody put your hands up   \"""""
waiting on my love to get home  were having leftovers and i made cookies!  smile  playing some cod until he gets here  straight nerd status
"\where in the history of the human race has one man not been enough?\"" from the book i'm reading  thought it was good a good thought"""
"i  love  errands with my hunny  not the errands part, the being with my hunny part!  smile "
its gonna be a great day  i'm on front counter so that means i get to listen to my christmas music allllll day!  smile  this time of year is almost overwhelming but i loveeee it!  smile 
what a sa-wheat break! now back to work for an hour and a half then im off!  smile  ah what amazing walking weather!  smile 
"feliz navidad, prospero ano y <propfemale>! shopping with dad then with my hunny for the day  it really is the most wonderful time of the year!  smile   love   love "
what a great day! just woke up from an awesome nap now gonna make dinner and <propfemale> out with my awesome boyfriend! then get cuddly later and watch some lost  love 
i feel like i'm falling in love all over again  i dont know what it is but that boy is like a drug i can never get enough of  why is today gonna be a good day? because i have him  love 
mmmm home and showered from a bleh day at work  chillaxin with some cod til my hunny gets home 
"grilled cheese for lunch  smile  getting ready for work soon  after \come see <propfirst> at taco <propfemale> day\"" is \""come see me at taco <propfemale> night!\"" haha work til 10 smile 0 ish  smile """
first time in forever i miss the christmas parade      -_-
its days like today  moments like right now that i will never forget  life is so amazinggg  smile   love 
put some dinner in the oven now hanging out with my love   my favorite person to spend time with  love   smile 
life is short so love the one you got  cuz you might get run over or you might get shot!  love 
first drive thru customer of the day? 11 surprise 3  its gonna be a longggg day  text meee!  smile 
gosh i love it when i have sublime stuck in my head at work! :b come on 5 o clock!  love 
off work   smile  gonna go home take a nice hot shower then <propfemale> out with my love in our cozy little apartment  mmmm this is the life!   love   love   love 
home from grocery shopping  making dinner and lovingg life!  love  i see watching lost in my near future  smile 
"its mornings like today, waking up to kisses and i love yous that i realize why no one else worked out  i'm super lucky to have him  love  work soon i love going in in this kinda mood!  love   smile ))"
only me and my best friend would put a 5 layer burrito on some random persons car at dsc! haha good times  now going home to make hot chocolate and watch a christmas movie until my  love  gets home  smile 
slept in with my love  smile  now gonna make breakfast and spend the day with him on our day off!  love 
5 surprise 3 and i'm just now getting out of my pjs haha!  smile 
so my love is making dinner tonight  hes trying something new and i cant wait!  smile  i get to wrap more christmas presents and just love love loveeee christmas time!!  smile 
dinner was so yummy! thank you hunny i loveee youuu! now its bed time and one more day closer to christmas! ahhh!  love 
had a very productive day off  now just waiting on my love to come home so we can get our very first christmas tree!  smile ))  love  love  love 
we got our tree!! its cute and little and absolutely perfect!  smile  pics will be up soon after it gets decorated! yay!  love 
work 
the christmas shoes song!  love 
at home with my leg up bc i hit my bad knee at work and now its killing me  what to make for dinner i want it to beas wonderful as possible for the man i love and i  smile 
muy importante stuff to do tomorrow  pray everything goes well for my love! thanksss!  smile 
i  love  playing the piano! learning new songs feels great!  smile 
schedule says 9:15  got here at 9  boss says dont clock in til 10  ugh  -_-
perfect weather to make chili for dinner! yum i cant wait!  smile 
so i totally love my boyfriend  just sayin   smile  had a wonderful night at home with him now off to bed  cuddle timeeee  love 
"so, um, its freakin cold!  annoyed "
i love working at taco <propfemale> haha!  smile 
staying to cover a shift and getting more hours: yay! being on drivethru alllllll day: not so yay    
watching the scorpion <propmale>  i  love  <propmale> <propmale>!
day off with my love!  love  i love thursdays!  smile 
spent all day doing absolutely nothing with my love and enjoyed every single minute of it! now for dinner and a movie and us time  my favorite!  smile 
"drinking sweet tea at night? not a good idea  its 12:40 and im wide awake  so unusual for the girl in bed before 11 every night  got a good book and my love to keep me company tho, so i think ill be ok  work in the am yay!  smile "
"well   no work today  was called not to come in  cool  not  guess its me, the couch, and netflix unless someone wants to do something!"
i looooove when he makes dinner! this chicken <propmale> is sooooo yummy! i love you babe!   love 
never take a single day for granted because you never know when its gonna be your last 
so my 9 smile 0 am til 12 smile 0 am day is finally over and my head cant hit that shower and pillow fast enough! yay for 3 days on wendys schedule this week too! aha! gettin it done!  smile 
work work work  second day in a row working both jobs and i love every minute of it! haha spending time with my love after  the best part of my day  love 
"seems like everywhere i go\the more i see, the less i know \but i know, one thing,\i love you \i love you, i love you, i love you \ love "
so my dad just une playful ectedly showed up to my apartment with my little brother to visit for a few minutes  talk about making my whole day! now to make dinner be so thankful for everything!  smile 
chick flick time with <propfemale>  reminicing about old times  annnd my love is on his way home  what a great night   smile 
breakfast with my love then work til 4  wont get to see him all day   sad  is it christmas yet?!?
we gonna rock onto electric avenue  and then we take it higher!  playful 
yay for more christmas baking! i cant believe someone said i have too much christmas spirit! workin at wendys tonight  yay  <-- not sarcasm! :b
getting a kitchen table today! and we are having christmas dinner at our apartment with my loves parents and brother! i couldnt be more excited! i  love  busy days!  smile 
so my yummy christmas treats were a huge hit at taco <propfemale> and wendys! and oh how the awesome people at wendys went crazyyy! i really love love love christmas!!! cant believe 2010 is almost over! ahh!  smile 
at home  no plans for the day  watching fast and the furious until i decide to go do something  might make netflix it for the day and totally bum it!  smile  haha <propfemale> christmas eveeeee!  love 
mele kilikimaka  smile 
"what a hectic day today turned out to be  now, cuddle time with my favorite  woo-sahh!"
"our first christmas together! oh, what a <propfemale> christmas it will be! up early opening presents then getting ready  for the future in laws coming over today!"
"great friends, a wonderful family, and a full belly  not a bad christmas at all if i do say so myself! now some alone time just me and my hunny  smile "
work  pointless short shifts that make me miss church  grrrrr  hangin out with the little brother afterwards so that should be fun  smile 
walking to work? fun  the fact that its this freeking cold out and i cant feel my nose? not so fun     oh how i want my summer back already!
"\only in deeeland would there be a taco <propfemale> with no ice \"" -really rude lady at taco <propfemale> today  some people are just too much"""
more annoying complaining customers at wendys too! what is with people?! kickin butt tho  yeeeeah gettin it done!  smile  come on 1 o clock!
i'll spread my wings and i'll learn how to fly  do what it takes til i touch the sky  love 
hangin out at the apartment watching a movie with <propfirst>  i love this little boy with all my heart!  smile 
"waffles for breakfast then spending the whole day off together  no better way to spend it! puzzles, car wash, grocercy shopping all with the love of my life!  smile "
"didnt have to work at all today, then i got called in to taco <propfemale> and wendys  yay for an extra 13 hours! happy new year everyone! its gonna be the best one yet!"
just got out of the shower after work to spend 10 minutes in his arms before he had to leave for work  but they were the best 10 minutes of my day!  smile  ugh for 2am crew tho  i already hate it  annoyed  nite nite  taco smell in the am haha!
"this will be, an everlasting love   love "
"quite the fulfilling day  went to work, <propmale> out with the best best friend ever, and now im home with my three loves: subway, netflix, and my one and only  mmmm, perfect  love "
"who else am i gonna <propfemale> on when things get rough? \whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up?\whos gonna take your place there aint nobody better,\oh baby, baby\we belong together\ love "
just warning everyone: chocolate covered bacon is not a good idea!
why is everything i wanna watch on netflix not on the watch now thing? settling for some sappy chick flick  teen love drama lol  my life is lame haha jk!
but here goes nothin'
"my new years resolution  hadnt really put much thought into it, but i want to be a better person  a better girlfriend, a better friend, a better sister  as simple as that  so with a new year comes a new me  and i think i like the new me already  smile "
up from a wonderful nap and out running errands with my wonderful boyfriend  having a wonderful dayyy!  smile 
mmmmm tacos for dinner  smile 
had a nice visit with some great friends now playing some cod  yep yep a nerd i am!  smile 
i hate waking up and your not here  annoyed  these new work hours really suck  glad i have tomorrow off tho  spending the day with my love i cant wait! gosh i love being in loveeee!  love   love 
talk about suuuuuuper beautiful outside today! :b
talk about suuuuuper beautiful outside today! :b
thank you lord for another beautiful day! gonna make the most of it!  smile 
thinking about random acts of kindness  and how i really wanna start doing them more often     wink 
ugh mondays  at least the walk to work isnt a super cold one today  and thank god its just taco <propfemale> today
home being a sleepy head  working both jobs tomorrow so im gonna soak up these sleep while i can! i never seem to get enough!
leading both parts of my double life today  taco <propfemale> girl during the day  wendys girl at night! :b
off of work  suuuuper tired  annoyed  shower timeeee i want wendys off of me!
smothered the love of my life with tons and tons of kisses now its off to work for me  and you bet the smothering will continue the second i get off!  smile 
"lovin' might be a <propmale>, but its worth takin,\lovin' might be a mistake, but its worth makin'\ love "
sittin at home with my babe  love 
c+k= love  lunch with the best franns later then work at 4  talk about a great day!  smile 
mmmm i love the way my hair smells after a haircut!  smile 
"baby, your a firework"
gosh i love my morning walks to work!  smile 
"asian night! general tso's chicken, rice and stir fry! hangin out with my love, then later amberrrrrs!  smile "
watchin get him to the greek! talk about hilarious!! :b
"so i totally feel like the <propfemale> at the end of the fairytale  when she has the man that she wants and they ride off into the sunset to be together forever  through the good, the bad, and the ugly  i really have found my <propmale> charming  lets do it, babe  forever love "
took a very lovely nap with my love now its off to work for meeeee! just livin our love song!  love 
"sooooo i thought i was supposed to be at work at 11, buuuut i'm off today which means spending the day with my charliebear! and everyone knows thats like my favorite thing to do!  love  love "
well  got called into work front counter but nobodys gonna come in with weather this nasty  yay for a suuuuper easy day!  smile 
going to bed early tonight  got a long rest of the week  both jobs 4 days in a row lets doooooo it!
off to start long day numero uno! starting at taco <propfemale> then wendys straight after that  at least i went to bed early last night! prayin that its a good day all around  love 
cleaned up the apartment before i left for work  wow i'm so thankful for everything i've been blessed with!  love 
another beautiful day spent at work all day and night  sighhh     annoyed 
whew! this crazy busy week is almost over  last day of working both jobs 4 days in a row and i have the wholeeeee weekend off! having a girls night with kelsy and <propfemale> tonight after work then all day tomorrow with my baby  i  love  my life!  smile 
i want some gay mentos right about now!
spending some much needed time with my super amazing boyfriend today  gosh we are perfect i just know we were made for each other  love  love  love 
just woke up from an amazing nap with my love and now i'm making us some dinner  what a great day off today was!  smile 
i'm only getting out of my pjs so i can go to church tonight  then i'm coming home and getting right back into them! making lemon pepper chicken for dinner tonight its gonna be so yummmmyyy! :b
well not going to church now  annoyed  so how bout some secret life of the american teenager? yep sounds good to me too!
"jammin out to <propfirst> buble while getting ready for work  oh yes, its going to be another amazinggg day in the life of karlena!  smile "
"<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> ii, i am madly deepy truly head over heels romantically in every way ever imaginable in love with you  goodnight world  smile "
"i'll be up, up, and away  up, up, and away  cuz in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever  work til 4 then tampa this weekend!!"
at the train station for the first time i'm stoked! almost ready to leave  t-minus 3 and a half hours until i'm in tampa! :b
so the parade was awesome  pics will be up soon  had dinner at <propfemale> garden now back to nats dorm with <propmale> and <propmale> for some fun!  smile  i  love  tampa!
so i must admit  tampa was pretty darn amazing  met some cool cool people and got to see my very best friend in the whole entire world  this weekend = a complete success!  smile 
iso once upon a time a girl named <propfemale> met a wonderful caring super amazing boy named <propfirst> and fell madly and deeply in love with him  and its only th
"ie beginning of their story  coming up on year one of many, many more to come  love "
woke up this morning with no voice and when i can talk i sound like a man  sad  not good
"so i'm convinced that i have the most amazing, loving, kindest, sweetest, most caring boyfriend on the whole entire planet  end of story  no questions asked  smile "
2 days of being sick and im ready to get better! glad my hunny bought me medicine  hes the best  going to bed now  work in the morning  annoyed 
super cute tickle fight then cuddly time with babe  perfect way to end a really annoying 10 hour day  i am so in love  goodnight 
"it was a year ago today  it was a thursday  it happened on the basketball courts  he pulled me close and said, \you know what i think? i think you should be my girl \"" and i agreed! happy anniversary my charliebear  i love you!  love  love  love  love  love """
off work  smile  gonna go home and take a shower and get ready  my love is taking me out tonight!  love  love  love 
"if you got it, flaunt it because sooner or later it e playful ires!  playful  haha good morning world! work in a little bit  being a bum til then yay!"
home from work  a whole 2 hours today whoo! grabbed some lunch now spending time with the one i love!  smile 
nobodys gonna love me better  ima stick with you forever  nobodys gonna take me higher  ima stick with you  you know how to appreciate me  ima stick with you my baby  nobody ever made me feel this way  ima stick with you love 
woke up super early for no apparent reason and cleaned every square inch of the apartment  gosh i feel amazing its gonna be a great day  smile  work at 4
finally off work  smile  shower time  then making a nice dinner for my love time  thennnn cuddle time!  love 
watching up with my hunny  hes the best love 
a yummy bologna sammich + some yummy goldfish calls for a really yummy lunch!
out and about with <propfemale> enjoying my day off  smile   smile   smile 
maaallll tiiimee!  laugh 
making a yummy little dinner for my hunny bunches  smile  i love you to pieces and then some love 
work til 4 then making my baby a nice romantic dinner  i cant wait for tonight! i love him with all of my  love 
tonight is going to be so so perfect  i cant wait til he comes home to me and our wonderful  little apartment and our wonderful little life together love   smile 
"sometimes i'm glad i dont have a car so i have no choice but to walk and enjoy this beautiful day  smile  oh, and last night was perfect  i love you babe love "
just found out  amount of money able to spend to get my tat fixed = $150  amount of money the tat is actually gonna cost = $150  smile 
"when i look back on my life in 50 years, all i wanna be able to say is that i was always there when someone needed me, i always tried to do the right thing, and i never regretted anything ever "
home  shower  bed  day off tomorrow  score :b
man do i feel like a bum! i havent slept in this late in a long time! its gonna be an amazing day off  doing some cleaning then hangin out with my hunny life is goooood!  laugh 
donating blood for the first time today!
"its so gonna be a great day  laying out by the pool, playing some basketball, and spending time with my other half  what more could i ask for on such a beautiful day off love \                                                 ps i love you!"
im a saint and im a sinner  im a loser and a winner  i am steady and unstable  i am young but i am able love 
making jambalaya for dinner its gonna be so yummy!  smile 
"woke up in the most amazing mood ever  and now for another beautiful walk to work  2 <propmale>, yay! (no sarcasm intended, really!)  love  love  love "
well that worked out pretty good  my hunny came to see me on break then i ended up getting off early  hangin out at home with my super wonderful charliebear love 
that was a really good race im really glad the new kid won smile  now its church time  i love god love 
in a mood -__- ugh i hate it when i get like this blehhhhh
up and showered and ready to start the day all before 8 o clock on my day off  ugh 
going for a walk  its too beautiful not to be outside today love 
making lunch for my hunny and me  then gonna snuggle up and be us  i love us love 
"its a layin out by the pool, drinkin sweet tea, hair up in a ponytail, flip flop kinda day and i love it! love "
lets all stress a little bit less love 
woke up and went on a ridiculous cleaning spree and now my apartment is spotless!  smile 
if i could <propmale> you one wish  i wish you could see the way you kiss love 
meeting my love <propfemale> for lunch then who knows what kinda trouble we will get into :b
"sitting here with my other half with the window open, breeze blowing, sun shining in thinking how much i just love life right now love "
"had a grrreat day at work  now im home, showered, and enjoying the time i get to spend with the most amazing man i know  smile  i love you  love "
"ugh i need new friends my \friends\"" suck    """
watching toy story 3 with my little brother  he makes everything better  smile 
"even though it started out rainy and gross outside, its gonna be a wonderfulll day! work til 4 then home to him love "
"its a great day to be alive  i know the suns still shinin' when i close my eyes  theres some hard times in the neighborhood, but why cant everyday be just this gooooood? love "
"when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with someone, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible love "
i want things to go back to the way they were  so so so so badly    
i love my life  and my boyfriend  and my jesus  just sayin' love   smile 
ugh what a crappy day to walk to work  its cold and the sky is gray  sad  i want my beautiful 80 degrees back!
home  making dinner  mmmm spanish rice and veggies  smile 
made dinner  cleaned up the kitchen  made brownies  (burned them a little bit :b ) did the dishes  now its relaxin time  smile 
"cant sleep  watching grown ups  thinking about him love  i love you, i love you, i love you"
"what would you do ooh ooh, for a klondike bar?"
catchin some rays with the best friend then work at 4  this is my life and i love every second of it love 
thank you lord for being who you are and doing what you do  i couldnt do anything without you love 
a job is what we do for money; work is what we do for love
happy happy birthday to my wonderful wonderful boyfriend! i love you babe!  smile 
making a suuuuper yummy birthday dinner for my baby love  love  shhhh its a surprise!  smile 
theres no one like you in the whole entire world  and you're all mine love 
yep  just bought myself a coloring book and crayons  im never gonna grow up! hah! smile 
hangin out with my kaylaboo  juicyjuice&juicyfruit!  smile 
had a suuuper home day at work  <propmale> out with <propfemale> for a little bit  that was fun  now home to my love to make dinner  yayy love  love 
"so  cant have a dog  im getting a plant  im so excited, like you have no idea!  smile   smile   smile  dont know what kind me plant to get  help?"
"oh, what a day! i felt like i was laughing like all day! got some pizza and some sweet tea i'm good for the night  just keep smiling, just keep smiling     smile "
"oh, what a day! i felt like i was laughing like all day! got some pizza and some sweet tea i'm good for the night  just keep smiling, just keep smiling     smile "
at the best friends house getting my hair dyed! smile  work at 5 smile  oh and got another job today  yay for me smile 
"dont compare your past relationships withymus current situation  remember the past, be excited about the future, but have fun right now "
off to daytona to the roller derby smile 
"love is as much of an object as an obsession, everybody wants it, everybody seeks it, but few ever achieve it, those who do will <propfemale> it, be lost in it, and among all, never    never forget it love "
i just love my mom  she always knows just what to say to make me feel better shes the absolute best love  love 
cant sleep  thinking about all the stuff that was said tonight    lots going through my mind
"monday  day 1 of \i'm gonna have a good day no matter what\"" week  work at 11  come eat some deeee-licious taco <propfemale>!  smile """
coffee and reno 911 at kays house before work  hello great start to the day smile 
making a quick little something for my love and i to eat  day 1 has been a complete success its been a crazy awesome day! smile 
an at home ice cream date with my baby before bed and cuddle timeee  going to bed a very happy girl smile   love  love  love 
so glad i had another great day at work smile  glad this week is going just the way i want it to smile  home soon to my loveeebaby love  love 
"movie time with my love love  love  i love our life together, i really really do smile "
"<propmale> marley, <propfirst> <propmale> and a nutri-grain bar from breakfast  cant think of a better way to start the day  off to walk to work now love  love "
off work  watching due date with juicyjuice then home to my hunnybunny smile 
"dinners done, dishes are done, now for some relaxing time with a suuuuper awesome guy i know          love  smile "
date night date night! my hunny <propfemale> is taking me to chilis  he makes my  love  go all kinds of crazy smile 
going to a doctors appointment with the bestie  shes having a procedure done  annoyed  pray that its nothing serious  thanks smile 
i love making breakfast for my baby smile  dishes are done and the <propmale> festival is up next! yay for a super amazing day smile 
"all i need is love, love, love  love is all i need love "
"up, showered, and ready for whatever this beautiful day has for me!  smile "
"oh, man  apples and peanut butter for breakfast? i'm lovinn today so far! love  love   smile "
"walking, walking, walking"
spaghetti for dinner bc i am the best smile 
"watching eat, pray, love smile "
a good long cry with lots and lots of thinking    just what the doctor ordered  work in the am so its back to bed for me  goodnight
no power annoyed aying in bed with my love smile   love 
ugh  took a nap when the power was out  now im wide awake when i should be sleepy bc i have to work in the am  blahhhh
"home from an annoying day at work  relaxing with my babe  making dinner soon  ah, life is grand smile "
sooooo glad i have tomorrow off  having some dinner and relaxing for the night  i see cuddle time in my near future love 
i am a happy girl smile 
going to the movies with the family to see hop smile  im such a little kid
wow today really has been the best day ever  now to end this perfect day with the love of my life  goodnight love 
church love  i am not ashamed of the gospel of christ!
"juicyjuice & juicyfruit havin a girls night  watchin easy a and chillin with <propfirst>, the cutest dog everrr! love "
"juicyjuice & juicyfruit havin a girls night  watchin easy a and chillin with <propfirst>, the cutest dog everrr! love "
"had the weekend off and that was nice, but for some reason im really glad to be at work today  i know im weird but i love my job smile "
making dinner for my baby for when he gets home from playing ball  i know hes gonna be hungry :b i  love  my life smile 
todays the daaaay! sitting at kelseys house waiting on tango to have her babies  yay for newborn kittens!!  smile   smile   smile 
"today was on overall ahh-mazingg day  i am so truly blessed words cannot even begin to describe it  my life, my friends, my family, everything is just the way it should be love  and pandora is playing every single one of my favorite songs one after the other  scoreeee love "
lol whats the first thing i do when i clock in at work? go next door to wendys for my co workers! i  love  taco <propfemale>!
home  relaxing  bed soon with my love love 
the best thing about riding your bike to work is they cant pull you over when you run a stop sign! haha gonna have a good day today thats for sure  smile 
"well now that i dont have to work until 5, its me and bestie time smile  still got my 4 <propmale> in for the day on the bike and its not even noon smile "
"life isnt about finding yourself, its about creating yourself love "
"oh how life is a roller coaster, but i enjoy every single second of the ride smile  goodbye 11 hour work day, helloooo my comfy bed love "
<propmale> and cheese and hot dogs for lunch = win! smile  its gonna be a wonderful wonderful day  life is what you make it! love 
"but i believe the world is coming to an end\oh well, i guess were gonna find out\lets see how far we've come\lets see how far we've come\\well i believe it all is  coming to and end\oh well, i guess we're gonna pretend\lets see how far we've come\lets see how far we've come"
woke up and cleaned the house from top to bottom smile  now relaxin with some pandora and cod  hitting the poolside later yesssss smile 
helped the little brother with his homework now hangin out at the apartment watchin g force  what an awesome day off it has been smile 
do i see a bubble bath in my near future? hmmm why yes i do!! love 
"i dont wanna grow up, i wanna be a toys r us kid! smile "
made some goals and now they are actually within my reach! working hard is such a good feeling  ive never felt better or more independent in my whole life  its the best feeling everrrrrr!! smile 
"and ima do what i do, so do you, hey hey"
had dinner at my mommys house  her spaghetti is the best! oh how i have missed her cooking love  love 
such a beautiful day and im stuck inside sick and miserable  sad 
days like today remind me why i love my boyfriend so much love 
catchin some rays by the pool with my bestieeee  thats what i'm talkin about! love   smile 
"feeling so wonderful right now smile  just made a yummy cake and gonna make a yummy dinner in a little bit, gosh i love my lifeeee love "
good freakin night
off from an awesome day at work and now going to a baseball game with the man i love  life just couldnt be better love 
2 guys pizza to finish up a wonderful wonderful day smile  i am so blessed
i swear if one more customer says how awesome i am at my job i just might e playful lode of awesomeness! haha i  love  taco <propfemale>!  smile 
hellooooo friday! and it promises to be a great one! stop numero uno is getting my nails done with my mommy for her birthday!  laugh 
hunnys home from work early  making a yummy breakfast and relaxing with my love until work smile  i love you love 
watching easy a with my love and a grilled cheese  yuuuuum!  smile 
pool time with my favorite 7 year old in the whole entire world!  love  love  love 
"bathing suit shopping with the best frann then home to my hunny  oh, what a wonderful life i have! love "
"?got my raise today, getting my first shift as manager on saturday, and now i get to fall asleep next to the man of my dreams  i dont know why god is so g"
?ood to me but he really really is smile  goooooodnight love  love 
m-m-mmmm! dinner sure was yummy! now to relax with some netflix before bed  it really has been a great day off!  smile 
"give thanks and praise to the lord, and i will be alright love "
ramen noodles for dinner  awesome 
fast 5 with my charliebear  laugh 
phewww! first night closing as a manger could have been alot worse than it was smile  next up is a shower then bedddddd  yay for doing it all again tomorrow night! love 
watching some netflix while my wonderful boyfriend makes me chicken <propmale> before i have to be at work til 2am tonight  i think he might love me or something crazy like that!  laugh 
"“to the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world \ love  love """
making cookies until my hunny comes home they are gonna be yummmmy!  smile 
baseball game with my baybeh smile 
meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner made by none other than me! yep i'm thinking its gonna be deeee-licious!!  laugh 
i cant wait til i'm back in school again! can not wait! love 
just saw thor it was pretty good smile  now just doing whatever til i gotta work  til 3am  oh lucky me
"i love long meaningful conversations with my momma! took her out to lunch for an early mothers day, now to hit the pool for a little bit before work  i  love  my life!  laugh "
"helpin dad make mothers day dinner for my wonderful mother love  steak, hamburgers, and sausage on the grill with all the fixins! cant wait! smile "
live  laugh  loveeeee love 
life has come a long way since yesterday love 
"pizza: eaten\movie: being watched\happiness: achieved\ love "
"so my hunny just left for work and i miss him already   gah, im such a hopeless romantic and always will be  good idea <propfemale> <propfirst>, i think im gonna read til i fall asleep too smile  nite world  and i love you with all of my heart <propfirst> gary love  love  love "
"its gonna be a great day! barbeque with the family and my love  awesome people, yummy food, and lots and lots of fun! love   smile "
church love 
"raymond-\when i get older im gonna get a car with a tv in it!\""\",9c9468faac25564a92eaa56f94d88697,"ah, cod how i've missed you!  laugh "
in need of a good movie like asap  preferably a sappy chick flick or romantic comedy  suggestions please smile 
"yes, im making chili at 9 o clock in the morning  its gonna cook all day and be soooooo good tonight!  laugh "
having a plan to get in shape is a good idea  actually doing it and having will power to stay at it is a great idea smile  going on a walk with <propfemale> <propfirst> soon  cant waiiiiit smile 
"had suuuuuch a wondeful day! went for a walk at beresford park, tanned by the pool, watched a cute chick flick, and ate junk food smile  now to make dinner for my love and just reeeelax  i am truly truly happy love "
i love you more than <propfirst> loves <propfemale>  than <propmale> loves <propfemale>  than <propmale> loves <propfemale>  than <propfirst> loves <propfemale> and more than any other person will ever love you  ever  love 
pool time with my babe smile 
pool time with my babe smile 
hangin out with the little bro!  smile 
yum yum yum! dinners gonna be goooood tonight! i'm the best cook everrr!  smile 
bridesmaids with just me and my momma smile 
babe is making me dinner and he wont tell me what it is! gosh i love that man love  love  love  love 
homemade pizaa? yep hes a keeper!  smile 
time to worship the lord my god!
yum! chocolate cake with chocolate milk to end a good good day  cant say i have one thing to complain about smile 
trying to fall back asleep without my hunny really sucks  annoyed 
"i don't care if your black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, <propmale>, or poor  if you're nice to me, i'll be nice to you  simple as that "
"best talk ever with a really really good friend  now makin some dinner for me and my man  dont be jealous, ha smile "
ok  so cod mw3 looks amazinggg and comes out 3 days before my birthday  go ahead  ask me what i want for my birthday    :b
who are you when i'm not lookin'?
"love can walk through fire without blinkin'  it doesnt take much, when get enough, livin' on love love "
on a rescue mission with <propfemale>  save the baby raccoon!
on a rescue mission with <propfemale>  save the baby raccoon!
more people need to be on facebook at 3 smile 0 in the morning  me and <propfemale> are boreddddd  entertain us!
spaghetti for dinner made with love for my love smile 
can someone tell me how did the fire in dpe started?
"who else am i gonna <propfemale> on, when times get rough? whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up? whos gonna take your place, there aint nobody better  oh baby baby, we belong together love  love  bedtime with my one and only  goodnite smile "
pooltime with the cutest little man i know love  love 
game night with my love was fuuuun smile 
"man, ive been having some pretty awesome dreams lately  super intense bike races, epic invisible vampire hunts, and undercover jewlery salesperson  where does my head come up with these things??"
i believe in god  and he believes in me love 
at church again  i just cant get enough of him!  laugh 
"when someone doesnt apprieciate your love, give it all to god  best investment ever "
memorial day with my family  the people that matter most in my life love 
babysitting the litte bro today  lots of fun planned smile  i love being a big sissy love 
"day 2 of hangin with the bro  movies, videos games, pooltime, and maybe the park!  laugh "
"enchiladas for dinner? yep, i am the bessst!  smile "
time to kick someones butt in some rummy!  playful 
"breakfast made? check \kitchen cleaned? yep \yummy delicious brownies done? ohhh yeeeah \hittin the pool later? of course \gonna have a good day today? no matter what!\ love "
"baby carrotts for breakfast then off to daytona for shopping with mom and <propfirst>  yep, god is gooood  all the time!  smile "
"bought a pretty new dress today, now i get to wear it on a date tonight! yippie!  laugh "
going to bed happy love   smile 
making dinner then gonna relax and watch a movie with my love and just enjoy his company love 
my belly is full of pizza and my heart is full of love  what more could a girl want?  laugh 
my babe is home! hangin out with him is always fun smile 
"1 can of chef boyardee\1 glass of my deeeelicious sweet tea\1 boyfriend\add all ingredients together for a very yummy lunch( annoyed  love "
deadliest warrior: columbian drug cartels or somalian pirates  who will win?
nerdin' it out playin video games with my babe  hehe we are so cute smile 
ok so my neighbor reeeeally needs to turn his tv down  i think he fell asleep unless hes really into those super annoying infomercials at 2am  you know  the ones with the overly energetic voices that make it hard to fall back asleep after your boyfriend leaves   -_-
"shower, pjs, apple jacks, netflix  good morning smile "
mcdonalds playplace with my little brother! i refuse to grow up! you cant make meeee!  laugh eb
come to the geek side  we have pi    :b
"7 signs your in love annoyed 7  you read their texts over and over again \6  you walk really slow when you are with them \5  they become all you think about  \4  you get high just by their smell \3  you realize you're always smiling when you think about them \2  you would do anything for them \1  while reading thid, there was one person on your mind the whole time "
"layin' on the couch with my babe <propfirst> <propfirst>  goofin' off, bein' dorks and lovin' every second of it!  love "
dinner date with <propfemale> <propmale>  so glad my girrrrl is in town!  smile 
"woke up early, worked out, took a shower, straightened up the house, and now just waitin on the boy to get home  man, i feel good!  laugh "
"spaghetti, salad, and garlic bread with my amazing sweet tea  dinners gonna be gooood tonight smile "
"gettin' my sweat on with good ol' <propfirst> \the situation \"" workin out feels so great!  love """
good day (played basketball) + good night (got closer to my hunny) = a very happy happy me smile 
making breakfast for the love of my life love 
"ok so who doesnt like meatloaf sandwiches? its the best way to eat leftover meatloaf, annnnnd its delicious! right?!  laugh "
"dont be afraid \its only love \love is simple "
she would change everything for happy ever after   
i am who i am  and damn proud of it! love 
good morning! lets start this day with a little workout then some cod  smile  booyah!
making cookies for my daddy for fathers day tomorrow! love  love   smile 
please pray for my mom as soon as you read this  shes in the hospital with stomach pains that have been bothering her for the past few months  shes getting tests and a catscan done  pray its nothing serious thanks 
"overall, today was a pretty  well spent with family and friends and lots and lots of good food smile  thanks for the prayers for my mom, shes out of the hospital and they didnt find anything  keep praying that they do find out whats wrong with her tho, thanks"
"mmmmmm, jello smile "
beach beach beach beach beach beeeeaaccchhh!  love 
"well no beach today, but hangin by the pool with friends  still a good day in my book!  laugh "
"jacuzzi time, ohhhh yeeeeah!  smile "
i  love  my boyfriend  and his friends  and their nerd talk  ha 
"1  how we met ?\2  your name in my phone ?\3  have i ever liked you ?\4  who are you to me ?\5  have you ever made me mad ?\   6  what i dislike about you ?\7  favorite memory ?\8  first impression of you ?\9  how close are we ?\10  do i challenge you to put this as your status?\like it!!  smile "
bible study with <propfemale> was great! smile 
sloppy joes with the little bro!  love 
sometimes  i'm clueless and i'm clumsy  but i got friends that love me  and they know just where i stand  its all a part of me  and thats who i am love 
beachin' it with my super awesome friends  its gonna be a wonderful wonderful day!  smile   smile   smile 
"my savior loves, my savior lives, my saviors always there for me  my god he was, my god he is, my god hes always gonna be! love "
"my boyfriend is the best for sneaking out of the house while i was sleeping to surprise me with breakfast  i just love you, charlie love "
there is no one like our god love 
back to church! love 
back to church! love 
off to bed to fall asleep with the love of my life  his arms are my favorite place to be love 
veggies and dip for lunch? yum yum yum!  love   love   love 
"steak, homemade mashed potatoes, and green beans for dinner! all made by me bc i'm awesome!  smile "
does anyone else not have power right now? because its not very cool    
"you may not always end up where you thought you were going, but you will always end up where you were meant to be love "
"i really love my boyfriend  with all of my heart, i do love "
"as we approach independence day, remember   the american flag does not fly because the wind moves past it  the american flag flies from the last breath of each military member who has died protecting it  american soldiers don't fight because they hate what's in front of them   they fight because they love what's behind them \ re-post this if you support our troops!"""
watching some lamely made zombie movie  but cuddled up with my hunny makes for a wonderful friday night smile  i  love  my life!
goin to the baseball game with my love  smile 
