3c1e0f30a627581150927e876904a13b
uhggg i'm having such a bad night  i am sooo tired of people being in a bad mood for no good reason except to make others feel bad too 
just finished my first few projects of the new year  it is always good to start the year off making money    smile 
why is it so easy to get lost researching a story??
what a difficult day this has turned out to be   
"happy first day of spring! mother nature decided to gift us with 8 inches of snow, blizzard conditions and still snowing   "
going to work on our 15 acres this weekend   wondering where the heck i'll find wifi for working    annoyed 
i know it's going to be a great day when i feel excited about putting words to paper  those are the prolific ones!
happy easter everyone! have a relaxing gorgeous day!!
it's a monday   back to work!  smile )
i am in the first ever demand studios writers academy  how awesome is that? i am looking forward to learning some great things from some great people!
demand teams with usa today   kinda cool!!
pulled an all-nighter working to make this weekend happen  now only 250 <propmale> to drive this morning    annoyed 
clearing brush and killing poisonous snakes this weekend   anyone wanna help??   hahahaha!
2nd webinar of writing academy today   excited! it's been fun so far   
waiting for approval on my case study sheets   come on editor   waiting and waiting    and   waiting 
finished the table of contents for the book and am working on case study question sheets   can i quote you?? hahahaha!
can you say stress??
"my daughter pointed out an interesting fact to me  if pigs, theoretically, ever learn to fly this world is in for some strange happenings  how often do you hear it being said, \when pigs fly?\"" it's never a good connotation  here's hoping pigs never fly   """
editing for hours on end actually makes the brain hurt    smile )
i have an allergy headache and a private client needs articles like now! oy vey   
top that off with a 3 week deadline on my book    annoyed 
can you say s-t-r-e-s-s?   hahaha!
"\twister\"" is on tonight   i probably shouldn't watch that living in oklahoma    annoyed """
i am seriously unmotivated today  i think there is a direct correlation between lack motivation and my boycott of coffee today   smile 
happy mother's day!
pray for the families of those lost in the tornadoes in oklahoma today   
ok   enough of the mighty tornado   how about some sunshine tomorrow??
"getting hail blasted today   but got paid by my client <propfirst>, and on a good note, he gave me a bonus!    smile )"
was helping one of my boys with algebra the last two days  what a blast from the past!
omg! go away tornadoes! that scared the cra* outta me! only an f1 tho    breathe!!!!
10 thousand words to write on the menu today   can i do it?? nahh  but i can get about 1 3 of the way    playful 
some days are not worth reliving   like ever!!!!!!
soooooo tired     
pulling an all-niter to meet my book deadline   arggggghhh   
i have such an awesome editor for my book!!!
missing my hubby    sad 
fml   hardcore
back to work   
finally   housework is done   
i have 4 thousand words to write before i go to bed tonight    annoyed 
wow   gary <propmale> and <propfirst> hopper   rip guys   
"not much better than drinking beer and listening to the band the \cars\""    smile )"""
almost 15 thousand words of my manuscript done   my brain is hard boiled    annoyed 
tornado near dover   here we go again   *rolls eyes*
"depression is just life without \beer goggles\"""""
yay! i made my manuscript deadline   and i'm too pooped to party    annoyed 
demand studios sent me a journal for participating in the first writer's academy   that was thoughtful  <propmale> sent a nice note with it  finally a nice day for me here    smile 
had to rearrange dog kennel  now they are nice and cool  boys didn't help as promised   but over 100 degree temps here equals no time to wait around    sad 
"editing all weekend  i enjoy it though, so it sure doesn't seem like work "
housework is the mortal enemy of a writer   
sometimes days just don't go the way you want them to  i wish i was two and could get away with a tantrum about now    smile )
i have to have a productive day today   
it's sooooo hot here that everyone is moving to hades   it's cooler there   
my cat <propfirst> was killed by the pack of coyotes that live out here   they tried to cross the fence last night and get the dogs  i physically chased them away  what a sad day   
"why do the events in life seem like a fixed race??   right when i see the finish line that means calm, it gets moved   "
fixing to get spanked hard with storms   trying to get everything ready to go to the storm shelter    sad 
"we're going on about 14 inches of rain now   i've officially become a duck   yep, yep   "
"kinda seeing double, but have to keep writing  missing the hubby    sad "
"wow the storms are over  only one dead which is amazing considering the amount of rain that came down  total is over 14 inches here  all the rivers are flooded, but everyone is ok   "
sneaking in a few articles while everyone is asleep   shhhhhhhhhh!
sooooooo tired    sad 
32 articles to go for my 40 for sunday   
   and then i must squeeze in a mere 20k words on my book   no problem!
if i quit eating and sleeping i should make my deadlines just fine   hahaha!
gotta love haro! (help a reporter out)
"yeah! i have 12 articles researched, outlined and ready to fire away and get this work day done!!!!"
"i hit the old wall of \you ain't working this brain no more\"" tonight   *sigh*   dragging self to bed   """
you know you are sleep deprived when you have to wear sunglasses inside   (for reasons other than being cool   confidential )
i actually feel like working tonight   what's wrong with me??   lol!
"i miss you dad, but at least i know when i leave this sorry world you'll be waiting to take me by the hand and teach me new things   "
happy father's day! kick back and relax daddies!
"beginning phase 3 of the book   20k words, give or take  3 weeks   i can do this! the help from my publisher   biggest paycheck ever from ds tomorrow   my piggy bank has been <propfemale> for awhile   suddenly it's oinking happily   hahaha!"
i'm gonna celebrate and go visit family this week    smile )
100 degrees with 50% + humidity e playful ected  the next three to four days are gonna be rough    smile 
ok   whoever keeps turning up the temperature knob   quit!!! lol!
had enough of this day   having a cold one    smile )
"can't believe obama fired a dude for disagreeing with his \policy\""  is he a democrat or something a little more red???"""
man up obama
20 simple and lovely titles to start the day with   can devote both today and tomorrow to ds writing fully  seems more like a day off   have a great day everyone    smile 
burning the midnight oil    annoyed 
what with reviews at ds?? loading and loading articles and <propfemale> reviewed for two days    sad 
i don't even care about the free plane tix ds   i just wanna feed my kids   lol!
double digits in queue and <propfemale> reviewed   grrrrrr!
"tired, but had a good time   "
hard to concentrate and get back to work today   especially with internet in and out with service problems today   
they fixed the internet   woohoo!! now a writing fest!
wouldn't it be great if there really were energy pills??
where did the sun go?? it's lookin' ugly outside!
5000 words a day   can i do it??  smile )
"the homes ruined in record flooding in oklahoma last month get no fema aid  obama says they were not in designated \flood zones\"" so yeah   oh well  isn\""t that why they need assistance dumbass??"""
i might have to light the fireworks indoors with all this rain    j k!!! there's always next weekend    smile 
wow! some drunk took out the whole row of mailboxes  glad i get my mail in town   hahahahaha! gave me and the deputy a laugh knowing how much their car is screwed up   
happy birthday <propfemale>! have a safe and happy holiday everyone!
<propfemale> is 234 years old   or 33 43 in dog years   hahaha!
mud all over the carpet   grrrrrr     annoyed 
calling on tampax! get busy making that plug for the bp pipeline   hahaha!
"20 articles to write for ds over the next 24 hours  2 at a time, then other client work an hour between   i feel so much stress    annoyed "
"\how to shave an armpit\""   yeah grabbed the title   read it and weep! 15 minutes tops   hahaha!"""
this is definitely one of the worst days i've ever had   
why am i on fb again!?! i have to quit doing this or i'll never get anything done   ok   done chewing myself out now    smile )
knocking out 10 articles tonight   
10 more in the morning   
then i's gonna sit by the pool and work on the book    smile 
working on 2nd batch of ten   hell yeah!
how do you know the prez is lying?? his lips are moving    annoyed 
heading down to okc today   
having some difficult days my friends   be back around when i can be   
"\they call me    tator salad  \"" gawd i love <propmale> white!"""
that's it! i'm taking away the remote for the heater   this heat is crazy!!!
my husband is in the hospital   going awol from fb for a bit   he'll be fine   it just scared me   
my husband might be released from the hospital tonight! i'm so happy! they gave him 90% odds that he was going into a massive stroke  coronary and he is defeating the odds   god is good   
ok
my husband comes home from the hospital in the morning  i sure have missed him   
splitting my day between housework and writing   editing all day tomorrow  why does every job seem so difficult when it is this hot??
"cleaned the dog kennel, gave them baths and weeded   now it is too hot to work outside   back to editing   "
i hope everyone has a great day!
gots to do 20 articles today   2 done and 4 more ready to type in   gots to do it!!!!
$270 more to earn today   then i can play!!!
107 degrees   what the heck   
isn't it sad when nearly every <propfemale> you bring in goes right back out the door   
dms went public!! $125 million in shares offered   whoohoo! good luck with the venture!
edit-palooza!
oh dear it is just too hot here   
i always get so nervous when dms does my editing audit   i don't know why   it turned out well   so much for worrying   smile 
"oh my gosh it is raining! i would run around naked in it, but i don't wanna gross out the neighbors!"
it would be so nice to get 12 or 14 articles written today so i can do an easy 6 or 8 tomorrow    smile )
it is so great to be sitting around an office setting and get called by my hyphenated name  everyone looks at me as if i am someone important  gots to get my giggles somehow!!!!
my goal is 2 articles today   yep   2   so great <propfemale> creature   give it your best shot  you'll have to put me in a coma to not get 2 done!!!  hahahahaha!
"got to spend a couple of hours with my daughter, her boyfriend and his 9 month old little girl   she is so beautiful and such a cutie!"
"early mornings are the only \perfect\"" time of the day  now to get this working weekend started    smile """
oh i need coffee   
"my hubby found me a barely used convection oven at a yard sale, paid 8 bucks and i cleaned it up  cooking a roast in it right now  smells heavenly and it isn't heating the house up! yay!!!!"
editing tonight   all-niter    smile )
oh crikey!! i'm falling off the caffeine wagon and making me a big cuppa coffee  i can't keep my eyelids propped open  forgive my weakness   smile )
wouldn't it be great if rainbows glowed and you could see them at night??
squeezing housework around editing today   stuffing those dangling participles in the wash machine right now   hahaha!
"my eyes absolutely ache from working until 2 am   i need to get working today, but darn they burn! visine, here i come!"
"ahh   late nights and hallucinations  well, someone has to feed the penguins  j k    smile )"
my stomach is feeling so poorly   gonna have to call it a night  i ate eggs today    surprise 
"i wish i had something, brilliant, dramatic or substantive to say here, but i don't  and if you are reading this you should be working anyway   naughty! naughty!"
everyone surviving crunch day??
"my son grew taller than me overnight  i'm not even kidding    surprise \how does that happen?? lol!"
ever try and buy a new hammer in a dress?? they laugh when i e playful lain that i am a <propmale> girly-girl    smile )
ninja <propmale> could kick <propmale>'s butt!
the way this week is going i'm gonna have to either release some titles or get some huge motivation and time for writing 
ever wake up more tired than when you went to bed??
"happy weekend! do lots of fun stuff, but remember   there's no bail money!  playful "
sooooo   dms crashed   lol
"hey, it's back up!"
gotta stay focused and meet my goals today   
have a great monday everyone!
satanists have reserved the okc civic center for the 21st of october  they will be performing the blasphemy ritual  i need to take a vacation away from here that week   
sweeeeet! it's raining!
i feel restless and don't wanna work tonight   *sigh*
editing to klove    smile )
gosh i hurt everywhere   hope i'm not getting sick    annoyed 
working   smile 
strong cold front moving through this afternoon   i am out of my mind with excitement!!
"haha! my bird amadeus says \good boy!\"" and makes a kissy sound   he's not spoiled    smile )"""
nothing like housework when it is a zillion degrees    smile )
yay! the cold front has arrived!!
yay!! my blanket and sheets are dry! nothing better than freshly laundered bedstuffs when it is chilly at night   i'm easy to please    smile 
i pulled a tick out of my leg and now it is swelled up like a balloon  i should probably go to the doctor    annoyed 
wow   craigslist self-censored   i think it is a good thing   
egads! i hate when tropical systems move in   it always smells like dead fish    annoyed 
"the dead fish have arrived    lol! helping my son pack   he is going to <propfirst> to a private academy for school  i will miss him, but he won't have to put up with the abuse this school dishes out "
this rain is putting me to sleep   
"i think it is wrong and in bad taste to place a muslim center near ground zero, but also wrong and in bad taste to burn the quran  i think they are all retarded "
9-11   always a sad day  my thoughts and prayers to the families  hope all my fb friends are having a great day!
ahhhhh   i'm tired of stress! go away!
researching carpal tunnel   my fingers hurt soooo bad 
ever just start crying for no particular reason?? i'm having a weird day    annoyed 
gulf coast humidity without the beach   no fair!!!
"my husband shouldn't even be working in his condition, but he did a bunch of work for a friend   the friend is backing out of payment  i am so angry right now i am shaking  it makes me wonder why we even try sometimes "
"my heart goes out to <propmale> jones and his family  he is a little autistic boy that was beaten up at school here in crescent, it was videotaped and put on youtube  this town doesn't need to go to hell   it is hell   "
"crescent, oklahoma is the abuser of autistic children   don't care about your kids    come live here!!!!"
"not only do they \not have it in their budget\"" to teach your autistic child   it is also wayyy out of bounds to e playful ect the playground to be monitored """
   and now dms goes down   what more?? grrrrr!
i'm in the running for two new editing jobs   yay!!!
up early finishing my dms editing quota   then on to other stuff    smile 
oh i am sooo busy   please no one be offended if i don't comment right away to your posts    sad 
yay! i get an mri and a mammogram   my husband went to touch me on the back this morning and i yelped and started crying  i don't think he realizes how much pain i am in all the time  i am up and walking now so all is well 
"spending the morning in <propfirst>, oklahoma  didn't sleep well  have a great day everyone!"
why does wikipedia exist?? i see people quote it like the bible   oy ve   
tired of working   need a vacation    sad 
black widow   the perfectly eeeevil little spiders  one less in this world now   hahaha!
"i have a huge editing test to tackle today  if i pass this, it will be my first venture into the world of script editing for movies! i'm excited, but kind of nervous "
"please don't try and make me feel bad because i'm a carnivore   i eat meat   i mean, i do make sure it's dead first, geesh  what do you want from me??    smile )"
the whole ls health disappearance doesn't surprise me  i wouldn't be surprised if dms completely distanced themselves from <propmale> armstrong soon  steroid use is not great for publicity 
fixing to get hit with a storm   that's what i get for not checking the weather   
"getting ready to start a routine of taking every other weekend off  this \all the time working\"" is grinding me down and i think i am actually accomplishing less """
the weather is soooo beautiful here today    i hope it is great where you are   have a productive day!
uhg! i'm sweating for no good reason and have no energy   i know i've got the creeping crud now    annoyed 
holy cow i gots some awesome titles!!
writing articles about removing stains from concrete and repairing scratches on various countertop materials   heavenly    smile 
someone needs to smack me! i need to be working and i'm just doodling with a pen    annoyed 
oktober is such a cool month   it has my birthday in it and everything!    smile )
packing for a weekend away   i need this weekend   
"i guess i passed the keyword qa test   i took it friday night and have permissions today   lol! now which to do   write, edit titles or keywords??"
"sure had a nice weekend,but the drive was long and it got a little brrrrrr!    smile )"
going back to school in january! made the big decision  i have to take a couple of classes to change the <propmale> on my bachelor's   then i'm getting the masters   finally!!!
i must work   might have to make myself go stand in the corner   
someone poke me with a stick   i gots the flu and think i'm dead   
influenza has completely kicked my butt tonight  i'm off to bed  have a great nite everyone   
"yay! i'm up and moving  dayquil is a wonderful thing! i'm working on a reduced schedule, but gotta get some work done "
"i'm feeling about 75% better thanks to good rest, lots of fluids and vitamin c   "
it's amazing how much dishes and laundry pile up when i was only sick for two days   hrrrmmmmmmm    annoyed 
"one, two, three go!   ready, set, go!   abracadabra!!   alacazam!!   dang it! my magic markers are broken   they aren't writing my articles at all!!"
i need to stay out of political religious debate  i'm a libra for goodness sakes!
ok   here is my online review of 5-hour energy   hugest waste of money i've made in a looooong time! drank that magic potion over an hour ago and i'm still stumbling over stuff! my hubby ran to get me a big cuppa coffee   so i can wake up for realz    smile )
yay! brand new local client   heading down to okc for a 3pm contract signing and down payment collection for the project!
oh these stupid facebook tests are making me laff so hard my sides hurt!
so far i've learned that i am a three year old that is fixing to have a new baby and blow up and die   
"and   i'm haunted by a ghost with a grudge   have a nice frickin day too facebook!   hey, is that <propfemale> corn??"
"gotta be up early   nite, nite fb'ers!"
it was a good day business-wise  it was a terrible day personally   a 28 year old man crashed his jeep by my house last night  he was tossed out in front of the vehicle and was struck and killed   very sobering   pray for his family   
"my husband went with me to my contract signing and meeting yesterday  i think he has a whole new respect for the work i do   he said it was all so \professional \""  smile )"""
my brain is gonna blow up   working on the specialized contracts needed by my private client  glad he is paying well as this job is a little more intricate than i thought it might be    annoyed 
ever had a car lot add payments on to you because others are not making their payments   yeah   uh-huh   wowsers  am i pissed!!!!
"barring the whole car thing, it has been an ok day  lost privileges for keyword   they said i did a great job, but that they are caught up   oh well   "
"so   i go down to see my son in <propfirst> this morning   guess what hits?? a 4 5 earthquake! shake, rattle and roll   hahaha!"
probably heading down to blanchard to buy my little arabian colt tomorrow   i'm so excited!!    smile 
waiting to hear on the  gully qh filly    smile 
yay! the qh filly is still available! guess it is horsey buying day tomorrow    smile 
missing my dad  2 years ago today    
"i didn't get to go see horses yesterday, but that is ok  the lady with the arabian was called to participate in a rodeo this weekend and won't be back until tuesday  my mom needed me more yesterday anyway   "
"wow   i can't quit crying   a lady called me from stillwater, oklahoma  she saved two paint fillies from a home that was starving them to death  they were only able to save one  she wants me to come pick up the other if i want her  it makes me cry so much knowing what this horse has been through      sad "
i have written 15 original legal contracts for my new client today  he has put me on retainer   lol!
we're moving one of the big buildings down to the property today  i'm the escort   kind of scared about the whole thing   annoyed 
good god ya'll   still gotta take the building down in the morning  spent all day getting the building ready  will post pics when i can  picking up 4 horses wednesday   will post those too  each one has a special story   
"back at midnight    i am so darned tired! the trip went well, just very long and exhausting  i think i see why movers charge about 3 grand a building  we saved a butt-ton of money!"
"i'll post pics of my \doll house\"" tomorrow   you'll know what i mean when you see it   hahaha!"""
"well my horse round-up adventure is put off til sunday  one lady can't be there tomorrow and my hubby is still out of town   torrential rains hitting tomorrow night    so, sunday it is! i am soooo excited! i get to meet <propfemale>'s western roping gelding! he sounds super cool!"
"that is what i've spent the last three days doing  we already had the other half folded, so this was finish up and fly down the road time  it is now sitting on our 15 acres    smile "
you know it's gonna be a good day when you call to pay insurance and they tell you it isn't due until next month    smile )
trying to pay bills twice is probably a sign i need more sleep   
i may have to drive to tulsa tonight with bad storms moving in   uuuuhhhhhhggggg!!!
preparing the canoe to go outside    smile )
"rain, rain go away   come again   well, just stay away k?? lololol!"
officially not writing for home & garden anymore  my scores are tanking with no rewrites and very little changes  screw dat noiz   
yay! hubby is almost home   i miss him    sad 
oh golly i'm sore   working on fencing   i see a bubble bath in my future     smile )
good morning everyone! today is horse day  got camera ready and is sooo excited! get to meet the new family members soon! have a wonderful day!
"all 4 horses safe and sound in the pasture  pictures to come tomorrow  too tired tonight  gorgeous horses   really, truly gorgeous "
tomorrow they all get baths and i have to get cockle burrs out of nite's mane and tail  <propfemale> needs some weight on in a bad way  they are in pretty good shape though  pokey follows me around like a puppy dog!
i'm soooo glad <propfemale> is here now  the lady was whipping her to try and get her in the trailer  she hates trailers  we made her put the whip up and but roped her (stretched a rope behind her hiney) and pulled her in the trailer  the lady has no clue how to handle horses without being mean  they are gonna take some work for sure  probably why she is starved 
"had the doc out to look at the horses  he says they are fine, just need some weight on two of them  the one is 100 pounds under, the other is about 200+ pounds under weight  short pasture and good food will bring them up in no time     smile "
i need to write!!!!
oops   doc didn't catch something  i looked at <propfemale>'s hooves and her rear left one is cracked  started favoring it  now the fun part is how to get it taken care of when she hates trailers right now  gonna give her bute and soak it in epsom salt and call the farrier  that woman needs a beating for injuring her the way she did   grrrrrrr!
been sick for 2 days now   going to bed to drown out the noise   uhhhgggg   
yay! my son comes home tomorrow    smile 
"omg all these years watching sponge <propmale> i never thought twice about the fact that mr \krabs lives in bikini bottom!"
three days working on the property  glad to be sleeping in my own bed tonight!
"ohhhhhh i'm ticked off! check my emails and demand took away my titling privileges  i haven't \edited\"" in awhile so they give my place to someone else! doesn't seem to matter that they didn't have titles to edit eh?? morons   """
i know why they call the phone company here pioneer  that is about how old the equipment is they use   
"hubby went to pick up the bermuda hay   5 bucks per 70 pound square bale, 15 bales   heck of a deal!"
9 bucks a bag for sweet grain today! got a zillion bags   i think the man upstairs wuvs me today!
i just ate a toasted marshmallow   it was un-freaking believably yummy!
"i did my civic duty and voted, but can i be honest here? my vote didn't matter because they are all crooks  i wish people would get on with life because politics makes me puke!"
"hope everyone is having a lovely day! it was such a gorgeous day here   a little <propfemale>, but soooo beautiful!"
hey my internet signal is better   the covered wagons here are moving the signal faster    surprise 
"a whole day off from writing and spent it taking care of the horses  had a great time, but am i ever sore!"
a friends younger brother was killed in an accident in edmond   heading to guthrie to make sure my friend is ok   
i hate sad stuff   
started editing titles again tonight and guess what?? out of titles again! lmfao!
darn near lost one of the horses today and the vet is a fired dumbass    
brewing a pot of coffee   gonna be a work all-niter    annoyed 
have to work   have to   work    have   to   work   have   to    zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
looking for a good pork loin recipe   
dinner smells yummy! almost done   thanks for the idea <propfemale>    wink 
hey all you guys and gals! hope you are having a great day! dms had me take the title qa test  i was approved in like 15 minutes   hahaha! gonna go see how it is  it seems easy enough on the test   
crap i'm sick   fever and sore throat   grrrrr!
"put being sick out of my mind and just had to get stuff done today  cleaned the horse <propfemale>, stalls   finishing an additional enclosure for the bad weather  boy did it rain last night! dinner is in the oven, already had my shower and feel sleepy  someone smack me so i can do the work that pays now   hahaha!"
here's to all the veterans and those currently serving in the armed forces   love ya guys and gals!
it is raining and very ugly outside today    annoyed 
one would think the horses would go in the enclosure   nope    smile )
"may have a buyer for the cabin cruiser   yay! i hate to sell it, but it is costing us a fortune to move "
"it quit raining, but it is chilly outside!"
making homemade tomato and rice soup tonight   yumm!
"i'm gonna live 2011 as if the next year is 2012   oh wait, it will be    playful "
little <propfemale> got a bath    and didn't like it   lol!
i'm feeling a lot better today  got the shopping done and am making beef stroganoff for dinner  now i'm gonna work non-stop on titling until the 2am cutoff    smile )
"this is the time you wish you didn't have a farm   it is cold, raining and you feel like you have pneumonia   at least the work is done    smile "
there are so many titles to edit today! having a great time  hope everyone is having an awesome day!
"i witnessed the neighbors son stab the little possum i've been feeding numerous times  they then tossed what was left of him against the side of my house  i want to move away from these psycho freaks like now!!!!!! i buried the little guy, the bastards "
having a hard time getting started  this cold has really knocked me for a loop 
it was funny to watch the horses dancing around when the hay guy made his delivery    smile )
"been trying to work and pour over various blueprints for the house  i think we have settled on 4 bedrooms, 4 baths, office, formal living room, family room, weight room and hey   we have a tiki bar!!! lmao!!"
worked until 2am   now i have no energy today    annoyed 
"omg! i have nothing to say, except: it is too far to drive to dodge city, kansas and play \sheriff\"" yet it is too boring to drive to the quick-e-mart   what's a girl to do???"""
getting ready to take my son out for his birthday dinner  17 today   geesh where does time go??
<<< titling and bored out of my mind!!!!
doing a title editing marathon   wonders if the brain matter spatter will match the drapes?? lmfao!
i want a tassimo brewbot   rewire him to dance    smile )
hey you writers   better get to crackin'! dms is ramping up title volume hugely   big quotas translates to lots of titles coming your way soon!
i'm on strike with my writing though   lol!!!
the bad thing to editing all night is it is hard to see straight    smile )
i think i have figured out a way to get the boys off the couch on the weekends   gonna toss the sucker outside!!!!
sorry ya'll   i gotta vent for a second  the little convenient store i frequent nearly every morning got broke into overnight  glass everywhere from the side door  the atm is completely busted  they took the money from the atm and stole a bunch of cartons of cigarettes 
the new owner is such a nice man and he strives to keep prices down  i worked all night in an attempt to earn a paycheck for my family  people that would do this are lower than a turd on my work boots   
"it's lovely livin' in crackhead, oklahoma   "
thinking of entering the pillsbury bakeoff next year    smile )
"tick, tick, tick   32 minutes left of my 5 - hour energy drink   lol!"
this is just an upsetting day all around   bah humbug!
i edited 1370 titles yesterday  my eyes want to stab me    smile )
"i just proved that i am a stupid person  one of my clients called me and said he has been waiting for a couple of weeks for my invoice   \don't you want to get paid?\"" *facepalm*"""
miss tallie the horse has milk in the sac now   probably gonna be a foal born in the next 3 weeks   yay!!!
"the nicest pay i've received from dms in awhile    not the most ever, but nice   hope you all are having a good day!"
the cold has arrived   anyone want it?? i'm through with it for reelz   
happy thanksgiving everyone    smile 
"not feeling well, so staying home for thanksgiving   "
i stepped outside and could see my breath   what the heck?!? this shouldn't happen down south    annoyed 
the sun is out   the wind has stopped   what a beautiful day!
have a 500 dollar goal for tuesday pay   already have some of it made   can i make it?? sure gonna give it a go!
something i am having to think on today: hubby's nephew and his wife rescued a kitten  it is barely weaned  it suffered a horrible injury to it's front paws before they got it  they are deformed beyond belief  she suffers no pain as they are healed and gets around just fine 
he is a truck driver and they are on the road nearly all the time  they want me to take her and give her a permanent home  i can't until my friend takes the other kitten off my hands  she would play too rough with the new <propfemale>  the question to myself: what are you thinking?!
i've been working hard at burning the fat off my body  i've lost 25% of my initial body weight and three inches off my waist  the bad thing is i feel soooo tired all of the time  i hope that tired feeling goes away 
"playing \let's <propmale> down clients for payment\"" game   and the next contestant is    """
i am in an annoying mood today  i simply want to annoy someone  where are the kids when i need them??? lmao!
biting the bullet and writing articles again   after i read the guidelines again as they have been tweaked a couple or three times since i last submitted    playful 
"headache, headache go away!"
made my first pot of deer chili for the season  turned out pretty yummy!
"hey, i actually collected two client payments now   oh noes   the sky is falling!!!"
this dms crap has given me a migraine   gonna lie down for awhile 
now that everyone else has what they need   i'll make me some coffee    playful 
had to make some hard line business decisions today  my writing for dms is going on permanent hiatus  the time spent making perfection = to pay received has gotten silly  i don't work this cheap for anyone  i am happy with my private clients and will return to my level five writing for textbroker and work with my london broker selling my work overseas  there   i feel better! have a productive day everyone!
yay! a good friend of mine just scored a great job today  she has been looking for awhile   this is a great day!
"is it bad that i just watched \get him to the greek\"" and i now feel 100 points lighter on iq   what a dumbass movie   sorry   """
"my aunt <propfemale> is in the hospital and not e playful ected to survive  this is heartbreaking  she was married to my favorite uncle until his death in 1996 of pancreatic cancer  i have such fond memories of their calm, loving nature  i hope she goes peacefully   i know my uncle is waiting for her   "
i have to get this <propmale> <propfirst> ad done and i just don't feel like working now   poo
"anyone else pulling an all niter? i got the ad done, but still have a ton of legal documents to finish for my student recruiter client  i don't normally do legal docs, but he pays so darn good for them  maybe a nice hot cup of tea will help relax me "
geesh   you mention to one person in town that things are kinda tight until payday and i need to get the horses some hay   then get home and see stacks and stacks sitting there as if by magic   makes ya love people    smile  thank you mysterious helper with the hay   
must title   must   
"done with my demand quota, but still kinda miffed  was gonna knock it all out last night until the system crashed  oh well, now to finish private client work so maybe i can squeeze in some personal work  my darling hubby cleaned house today  i is sooo spoiled!"
"stepson went out and got drunk last night and drove home  i am beyond livid  he has to go out tomorrow and find his own source of auto insurance  done, done and really done!!!!!"
   has been handed a ton of work from different sources  this means that my income this week is (mostly) limited by my motivation to get it done!
really?? a lady thanking the fact that she makes 5 an hour from ds writing  geesh   my family would starve to freaking death if i settled for tripe like that  have a little self pride peeps!
"not bad mouthing ds   just sayin'   if you can't at least write one article an hour, it isn't worth the time    smile )"
my throat is swollen again  guess i am cursed with illness for the winter   heading to bed    *groan*
"good morning world! i feel like crap, but i am up and moving "
<propfemale> on for the surprise   yet another kitten dropped off out here  i don't have a pic of her yet  a cream colored tabby  probably in the neighborhood of 3 months old  filthy   she needs a bath and has a runny eye  gonna get off here and get her taken care of  i call her monet    smile 
"feeling a little woozy today, but up and working  think it is the blasted flu "
i've had three people come up and ask me if i am selling the baby horses when they are born  i'd like to wait and train them up and break them to saddle first 
"still have a pnuemonia-type cough, but feeling much better  hoping it will be an uber-productive night  sitting out in the sunshine today broke the fever  glorious, sweet sunshine!"
lost every bit of my work last night  could have been in bed sleeping instead    annoyed 
that north wind has a bite to it this morning   
"coughing up blood now   yeah, it's pneumonia  gotta hit that dms quota though    annoyed "
"made my titling quota even with this horrid case of pneumonia   now gonna drag my tired butt to bed   nite, nite!"
   just wants to wrap up in a warm blanket and sleep   but has to do laundry and other assorted chores    annoyed 
ohhhhhh   the smell of april fresh towels   *drools*
made mexican sloppy <propfirst> for dinner   think i saw them licking their plates after   hahahaha!
not having a good day   
titling glitch all night  why is it that ds goes down bad the two weeks before xmas always?? i need to hit my private clients up if we are to have any kind of christmas   grrrrrr    
i give up lord and put it all in your hands  i don't think i can handle one more bad thing right now   
the snow we were supposed to get stayed up north   i'm sooo glad for that  it is in the upper 50's and a really nice day 
pay is in!
took my baby doll horse for a walk a few minutes ago  yes in the dark! it is her treat after i clean the wound  she loves to be close to me  i hope she heals quickly  i love her so   
"7,261 more titles to edit   where is my coffee????"
"*sigh* have to pull an all-niter actually \writing\"" for ds as the titling is all glitched up again    """
"back to the drawing board on the house  it is ending up wayy bigger than i first thought  6 bedroom, 5 bathroom  2450 sq  ft of delicious elbow room!"
my horse pocahontas is healing nicely! i'm so happy    she was running and having fun today while i was cleaning the corral    smile 
i forgot it was payday   i should go and like buy some m & m's or something    smile )
but to the idiots of the world that want to spout off what my legal obligations are   get your facts straight first and then bite me   
"just got back from oklahoma city after going down to purchase a gateway laptop for 40 dollars   yep   i said it   40 bucks  always, but always check out craigslist  i find some amazing deals! now i can give my other laptop to my babygirl for xmas "
my best friend <propfirst> <propmale> passed away  still trying to find out what happened  this is devastating  not gonna be here for a bit   let the ones you love know that you love them   
<propfemale> christmas everyone 
happy birthday jesus!
"finally got to speak to the owner of the arabian ranch that gave me the arabian horses  she had given me these three to retire them from breeding  they had been placed with a horse rescue near guthrie, oklahoma  all came tome in foal  they were impregnated at the rescue  this woman is mad! she might want to reconsider placing any other horses with that \rescue \"""""
"hahahaha! the lady with the horse rescue just sent me an email demanding the foals after the birth  um, no   not happening lady "
all of the arabian mares were bred to a 50k arabian stud named khody  they are fit to be tied now as they never got them vet checked for pregnancy  the owner of the arabian ranch is fine with it and is laughing  she says she will make this lady give up papers for the foals  the bloodline is too good to let go  she wants to purchase any fillies   ummm   no  not for sale 
"dear whomever is in control of the sinus realm   \enough already! do you not have pity on me that i have sneezed 10, 315 times? i have emptied 16 boxes of kleenex and 8 bottles of nyquil  i've used lozenges, throat spray and yet you still scrape my throat raw every morning  i've considered seeing if the doctor can tie my lungs into place with the wracking cough  i cough for twenty minutes and e playful el   nothing "
kind of amazing  trying to sell off the things we don't need to move  advertised a nice <propfemale> plate flatbed for a dually truck that we have collecting dust  a rancher of weaver longhorn cattle has offered a 6k pedigreed weaver who is bred to an award winning champion bloodline bull  guess we are getting into cattle   lmao!
my friends funeral is at 1pm tomorrow at the christian church in guthrie 
"the funeral was nice, but it still feels like my guts have been pulled up through my heart   "
hahaha! latest on the pregnant horse debate  she claims that nite was never e playful osed to a male so i need a new vet  i guess she must have have swallowed a watermelon seed 
everyone stay safe tonight   i'm personally glad to see 2010 fade into oblivion 
yay! they cancelled all snow storm advisories for the forseeable future here! hot diggety dog!
wishing all my friends an amazing new year  i hope that everything you touch turns to gold   that your needs are provided for with ease  be safe and have fun tonight!
making pumpkin bread   wow the house smells good!
pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade homemade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  you must in turn post this and send something you make to the first 5 people who comment on your status  the rules are that it must be handmade homdemade by you and sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
"guy coming over to look at the house tonight  think he's gonna buy it, then we are moving on to the new one! yay!"
   wonders why ds can't fix the glitch in titling??
it appears we have sold the house  i am so excited!
i forgot how much i enjoy homeschooling   
tired of not being able to do any work at demand  wish they'd fix the damm site 
getting slapped with an ugly winter storm this weekend and all of next week  knew the good weather was too good to be true  
so glad i have aaa tonight  my car broke down on my baby girl  battery i think  she called laughing asking if the aaa was still usable  just like her mamma   tries to see humor in all of life's unplanned events    smile )
not fun to send a kid to their room because they think they can sass with no repercussion 
yay! i get to spend the day with my daughter tomorrow and see my family in lawton!
if you hear the sound of weeping in the general direction of oklahoma on sunday    then you know the snowstorm has arrived  i shall be crying   wink 
"i fell about 15 feet backwards off of a ladder today  my shoulder is a little sore and i hurt one of my fingers slightly, but the free fall e playful erience was oddly fun    smile )"
what  is the dumbest argument you've had with anyone in the last week? i still think the top one for me was arguing with an official that i had to get my last name changed to my husbands  bahahaha! what century is it again???
figures   my back and neck are smarting from my fall yesterday  finding it hard to get much done 
"did any of you know that textbroker is hiring editors now? i was invited to take a \test\"" as a \""proofreader\"" for them  weird """
are you reading another one of my status updates?   get to work you slacker! lol!
it is snowing   ick 
   still snowing  this is so annoying 
"i wondered why the heck ds sent me extra money   forgot about revshare   derka, derka!"
quit breathing on me you canadians! minus 10 windchill   geesh!
"what a loooong cold night  sun is out and it is beautiful (to look at) out, but still hella cold  supposed to be back in the 50's by friday   yay!!"
i'm seeing double from title editing and still have a looooong day ahead of me with it 
i had to dig ice out of the horse trough   now when i say ice   i'm talking chunks about a cubic meter big  my arms are sore!
supposed to hit the 40's tomorrow  i hope so  the phones have been down with the ice and the internet sporadic  great way to get money made for hubbies birthday on friday    annoyed 
omg!! i'm sooo excited  i got to feel the foal move in <propfemale> for the first time! it made me cry   i'm a sap i guess    smile 
spent the whole day outside with my fur babies   had a blast!
i'm gonna be a grandma! i'm gonna be a grandma! i'm gonna be a grandma! yes!!!
"last two additions to the horse family here  1 year old paint filly, very people shy  kept in a pasture and ignored  8 month calico tobiano paint colt  the former owners didn't know he had been born  they come next week, will take pics    smile "
"my fellow writers   i get sent gig tips and leads that i don't always qualify for  feel free to contact me with your favorite types subjects of writing and i will happily pass along any appropriate leads as i receive them  sometimes it is a lot, sometimes not   but i would rather give you all a shot than have the lead go to waste   have a great day!"
"you know, with the way the country is going i'm getting scared  limits to free speech, mandated worthless health care, economy that is gradually sliding into the pits of hell, both parents have to work and leave children unattended, parents killing kids, co-workers and themselves   where is the silver lining???"
"the infrastructure is crumbling, pollution, constant earthquakes (3-4 per week here), crack is the new alcoholism, more than half of the nation on food stamps  this country is in a lot of trouble   "
"my paint horse pokey is looking for a job  she followed me around all day   when i dropped my pooper scooper, she picked it up and waited for me to get it from her  she backed up to the small cart as if i was gonna hook her up and have her pull it  seems she has done that before "
"omg   just talked to the maker of a new reality show to be out of tulsa  might have landed a writing editing role with it  he had me laughing so hard! i hope i get it, but hey, ya <propfemale> know i guess   "
writing lead for everyone   ecopywriters com   my lovely canadian writer friends are able to sign up as well 
"brother week ? if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, saw you succeed, watched you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong & is someone you can't live without copy & paste this as your status"
ate at mcdonald's   big mistake  violently throwing up since   
you know you live around rednecks when   you go up to the local eatery for morning coffee and can't help noticing the trail of blood flowing from the back of a flatbed  on closer inspection it is a pair of bobcats that the man is proud to tell you how he shot them and had to come get some grub   umm   yeah   ok 
midnight is the perfect time to bake gingerbread cookies    smile 
the great thing about food poisoning? i've easily lost 20 pounds and it looks like i'll keep losing weight   thanks micky d's!
"i have to stay focused and try to make some <propmale> title editing money   (as it the quickest paying gig)  had an emergency e playful ense which took half of the gas <propmale> money  i'm so proud though   i have paid all the other <propmale>s, bought animals feed, hay, groceries and even lent the necessary money to hubby to take his son up to see his mom in tulsa "
it's been hard pulling myself out depression since my friend died  you all have helped too with your banter with me on here  i've actually been smiling again   thank you!
my grandbaby is due september 9th!
"the weather is bipolar here   25 today, 51 tomorrow   "
"wow! my \dream kitchen\"" is coming together   a lady on craigslist last night gave me a 2 year old double oven wall unit and a mountable microwave  they were such nice people too!"""
"sometimes life bites  attorney says i have to turn the car over to the dealership, pay the extorted amounts added, or go to jail for grand theft auto  how is it that there are laws to protect the consumer in this country??"
"i can take it to court and dispute the added amounts after, but they get the car   "
i'm gonna buy me a vespa   hahaha!
omg you all are going to love this   i know i do  the bully car dude has been fired!!!
ican resume payments next month   no penalty   will refi it for me at a lesser rate and fix the problem for free!
finally someone there listened to me and investigated him   
wonder if he needs help cleaning out his desk???
working on a book proposal  can't say what it is yet    ssssshhhhhhh!
"health department dude checked on us today  told him i'm ok, but my stomach balls up and hurts whenever i eat  he says it will be about 30 days before i feel normal   yay, fun, woohoo  he also says i can give it to others    annoyed "
"sure wish ds would pay already  been on \sit n' spin\"" processing for hours now   """
gotta go pick up a 15 foot open stock trailer near the kansas border this evening  i don't wanna move cattle in a horse trailer and this dude is willing to trade us the stock trailer for an extra generator we have 
the bottle baby calves will be ready to move soon    smile 
blindsided by a migraine    annoyed 
"trying to get motivated to write for ds, but am sooo distracted but other things that are more interesting   like picking my nose and scratching my ass     annoyed "
ok   i admit i'm drooling over the large cache of titles i found at ds on road paving construction and concrete repair leveling   i can crank this crap out like no other    playful   (i know   i'm a weirdo)
ugh! i got a not-so-nice audit for my titling due to the keyboard glitch i had awhile back  at least he just offered info to help and didn't put my on probationary or anything  i'm very particular about doing the job right and think he knows that  still makes me feel lousy   
"i'm going to share with everyone what my big worry is here  one of the horses, talli, is carrying twins  she was too far along to have one \pinched\"" so she has to go all the way with them  there is only a 1 in 10000 odd that all will survive  i could lose talli and both babies  all i do is worry anymore   """
"real weather report   colder air moving through saturday & sunday, maybe monday & tuesday  <propmale> of rain, sleet, freezing rain, snow, or none of the above  check updated information to know what to e playful ect  - that form the national weather service in <propfirst>  whatever they get paid is wayyyy too much  dude, just say step outside and look cause we too dumb to know "
i just noticed the lymph glands on the right front side of my neck are hugely swollen thanks to the ecoli   
blizzard moving in tomorrow and tuesday   *sigh* no writing for me today   
i'm building a barn tomorrow   yep   in one day! i need talli to have her own digs with the storm moving in   
oh god   i went to guthrie today and guess what the hot topic on convo was?? all the people that got sick with ecoli from mcdonald's   lmao! gathering names   looks like it will be a big story soon   
fish sticks for lunch and back at it   cedar posts and aluminum barn sheeting makes for a quick barn   lol!
"stay home, warm and safe my family and friends!"
i can hear the wind roaring    
okay   practical joke is over    over a foot of snow is more than enough   
10 whole degrees outside  had to walk to a neighbors and <propfemale> her some cigarettes  she didn't have money to buy any before the storm  i wish she would have said something before hand   
*sigh* cold and tired from running water out to the horses  gonna get a tank heater  they are worth it though 
"52 thoroughbred horses need homes-will go to sugarcreek this saturday for slaughter  gentleman died,his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke and some are in foal, weanling, yearlings, 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded  free and papered  friend of the deceased is trying to find homes440-463-4288or440-463-4288 barnesville,oh  \please spread the word"
"i have a telephone interview in the morning for a new client out of vancouver, bc  writing \best of\"" blogs and articles in my field of e playful ertise  kinda cool and easy it seems  wish me luck!"""
"the school bus got stuck taking the kids to school today   what a joy, joy "
"i have to rush my other book project along  i'm not too happy with the profit split being offered, but i suppose it isn't too bad   "
"my interview was moved to 5 smile 0 pm tomorrow central time  this makes me even more nervous than i was before  he sent a formal invitation and everything  it has been so long since i had a \job\"" job in the corporate world """
"the more i research this canadian company, the more excited i get  i think it will be the perfect  job for me   "
"i will finally have weekends off again! 2 articles a day, 5 days a week   woohoo!"
gathering all of my blog links   i'm sooooo nervous!
snowing again   wth??
i got the job    please excuse me while i go throw up from nerves!!!!
"i've never heard of a pay model like this either  i'm actually going to be drawing a salary off of future rev share my articles make  it sounds dangerous to do until you realize how much ad money these companies make off of your writing  all articles i write i have to \manage\"" and make sure all information is up to date (in case of product recalls and such) """
"he says it should only be about 6 months of steady writing for them and my salary will increase as it will no longer be a draw, but what my share of the revenues truly are "
ever have a friend that only wants to talk to you when they want money???
"omg! i seriously have a \friend\"" that wants paid back 10 dollars from like 2 years ago   understand she bilked my business account for over 5 grand three years ago and is lucky to not be in jail  she needs cigarettes and her hubby is a lazy bum and won't work  i'm gonna cry about it all now    smile )"""
wearing my packers jacket!
"i broke the dvd completely apart for the movie \prophesy\"" and threw it out  that movie made me ill with how they portrayed the angel <propfirst> and uziel  i like that people have freedom for imagination    i just need to avoid those types of movies """
another snow storm moving in tomorrow night   annoyed 
whipping out my article on the best of the best in power generators   i love my new job!!!
looks like mother nature is gonna spank oklahoma worse this time than last    surprise 
well the sun is officially gone now and i had to come inside  was enjoying sitting in the pasture beside the horses as we soaked up the sun  my hubby was laughing at me  he says i treat them like little puppies     smile )
snow is coming down  e playful ecting over a foot  winter storm chapter 2
"this storm isn't nearly as bad as predicted  maybe 8 inches of snow, very light winds  no drifting is a great thing!"
the sun is out!!!
i went outside and it isn't really all that cold   there is all this nasty white stuff all over though  perhaps this is the day it will melt and stay gone?? lol   
"sounds like the guy coming this evening is gonna buy my daughters old car  gonna put the money to my car note, which should pay it off  then she can have my car "
"anyone here know anything about a think pad by ibm   good, bad?? have a <propmale> to buy a one year old one with full warranty for 175 bucks   "
my first anniversary is on monday  it has been a wonderful year and i look forward to many more   
"i can't take delivery of the thoroughbred yet as she is too wild  won't trailer up  he hasn't even been around her in over a year  leaves me in quandary  she is sort of dangerous to handle at this point  i don't want to pass on the bloodline, yet don't want anyone hurt either "
anyone else have a totally gorgeous day like it was in oklahoma? will be even nicer tomorrow 
back on serious foal watch   out with the horses wayyy more than i am inside at the moment    smile 
i quit my new job already  the glitches and problems with their website made the job impossible    sad 
working on my new thinkpad tonight  still not used to or liking vista   blech   
71 degrees outside   76 for tomorrow   canadian geese are heading north overhead by the thousands   also saw two ladybugs today  spring is officially here!
on the hunt for more work today   have a great day everyone!
feeling a little overwhelmed with life atm   checking out of facebook for a little while   catch you on the flip side!
"anyone in the oklahoma area   20 yr old qh mare needing placed at no cost  the owner is losing his home  she will be hard to load, but i am willing to drive down to <propmale> and help load her  i just haven't room for her here and i feel bad  call <propfirst> at 405-889-0125 "
trying to stay disciplined and get all of my work done  hope everyone is having a great night 
i edited over 2000 titles today   my eyes are killing me and my brain is jelly   nite everybody!
don't simply work at a job   work that job 
have a terrific saturday!
slow to get started today  i am very tired  have a great sunday!
yay! my daughter is coming for a visit! my day just got better   
i survived the weekend and comfortably met my financial goal   working my way out of a deep depression 
"i've had a nice day off from working, but have been dragging from being so tired  i think i've been fighting burn out "
the government is flat broke again   who will bail us out this time   or will it be <propfemale> again?? you know what happens when someone takes over payments on any item    annoyed 
thanks <propfirst> w and obama for running this country financially aground   
just found a different source for my hay that is better quality at half the price delivered  this just eased my pocketbook a ton!
"well that was quick! i begin writing reviews for a small publishing house tonight  i have to read upcoming releases and write a 300 word review for each one  doesn't pay a tremendous amount of money, but respectable and neat work   "
"think i have kidney infection coming on  not good as i have to go out periodically and walk one of the horses  nite got colic from the new hay  she'll be fine, but i'm hurting every time i walk her   "
"the us needs a \super passenger train\"" like another hole in the head  pull that funding and put it back into healthcare for kids elderly and the food stamp program  how about heat assistance obama? was this man not spanked enough as a child  he is out of control  there are people going hungry and cold in the us and he wants a faster train   """
raining    ick   
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!!!!!!"
i'm a bit spooked and going to bed   the tv keeps turning itself on and my sons door just banged open and he is asleep    surprise 
big change on the house plans  i have scrapped part of the house we were going to use and will be moving in a different modular section  it is the house of my friend <propfirst> that passed  as strange as it sounds   it'll be like she is there everyday  her dad could not have made me happier and i know <propfirst> would be happy 
spending the day writing articles tomorrow as a break from editing   yay!
man   every insurance company i end up with sux rox   
the japan crisis is horrifying  my heart goes out to everyone involved  may god make his presence known and comfort   
there are leaves coming out on the trees here!
cripes! my lower back is acting up   not a good thing 
putting my canon ae1 programmable up for sale   a sad day indeed  i've taken some awesome pictures with this camera    smile )
"my family will enter financial meltdown unless i complete 65 articles at dms by the end of the month   that means work, work and more work  i haven't written at ds in so long i had to read the guidelines again    smile )"
omg   the reactors are starting to spew lots of radiation now  i guess this is meltdown?? why on earth have they not been evacuating people from japan?? i am not happy about any of this   
good lord   the oklahoma legislature overwhelmingly approved a <propmale> that gives anyone over the age of 18 the right to openly <propfemale> a gun here  i'm staying indoors now   
here is a little bit of tmi   i need to run and take a shower after shoveling horse poo   *giggles and runs away*
helicopters going overhead   must be a fire nearby again    annoyed 
battle number one with appaloosa and i win   he finally lets me pet him whenever i want  next comes the halter and lead rope    annoyed 
thinking taco mayo sounds good for dinner  very non nutritious and i won't have to stop writing to cook    playful 
spent an enormous amount of time preparing for a storm and it goes west and north of us    annoyed 
wow   finding some great reference materials for articles today  having a blood sugar problem   have had the shakes all day   
loves working the night shift   so quiet in the house    smile )
i officially dumped a bunch of articles into submission at dms last nite   yay!! i finally broke through that wall   
"i'm sure they will send them all back as \thin\"" as they are simpleton how to articles   oh well   lol!"""
"i'm trying not to get too excited, but i think talli just began the labor process   going out to be with her    smile "
i've refigured everything until my brain hurts  i cannot get the family budget less than 3700 a month  that is a sobering reality 
tossing in 20 finished articles to the queue before my day is done   
"my articles are almost all edited  took them two days on the first round ones  they haven't killed me with scores, but i have made some dumbass mistakes  it at least shows me my weaknesses again and i go forward doing better  all approved so far   *fingers crossed*"
ouch   they have my pay wrong for titling that is currently being processed  i'm not real happy about that 
hmmmm   i put too much cayenne pepper in dinner and they ate it anyway   even with eyes bulging  maybe they are afraid since it is that time of the month??    surprise 
schizophrenic weather   was cold this morning and hot this afternoon   
my brain is going to implode  i got no rewrites   no rewrites for any articles i put in   scary 
good golly    i wander into find assignments and find 10 more that are begging to be written  these titles are killing me   they are so lame and simple  hope it keeps up!!!
"looks as if we have a buyer for the cabin cruiser  this means we can soon finish the move and get settled into the new house  have so much finish work to do there   i'm tired thinking about it all, but excited just the same "
we need to clean house on the next vote   new everything  these losers in office are killing this country and the economy 
a big shout out of thanks to <propfirst> county hospital for reinfecting me with tetanus  my jaw hurts more than you could ever imagine  i can open my mouth maybe 2 centimeters  lovely 
well the boat is spit shined and ready for the potential buyer to inspect   pretty sure it'll sell since we have it so damned under-priced 
are there any holidays in the us that do not promote and challenge kids to eat as much <propfemale> as their tummies can hold???
i feel like giving up healthwise  woke up with my chest and shoulder burning  was brown recluse bit again    really bad this time  have the exterminator coming friday  i hate this house and want gone from it like   yesterday 
hope everyone is having a good night  i'm up working because i will be gone for the weekend   and i'm skeert of spiders in my bed   it will be a good weekend working on the new house   finishing up fencing for the horses and little odds and ends getting ready for the big move  taking the tractor and some other equipment up  what ya'll doing this weekend??
