54817b9e5746a560f43dee41c5d459b8
"for some reason the people in my building like stealing five year old target clothes straight out of the washer  for some reason, this makes me want to kill them "
day off today    yes! i'm going to party like it's on sale for $19 95! or just bum around with <propmale>     whichever works  anyone have anything fun going on tonight?
mmmmm     tuscan linguine with tofu   
"finally reading house of leaves  so far, so good  any recommendations for a good book to read next?"
"six blasts from the past came through my store today, making it a little brighter  now if the snow could warm up enough for me to curl up and take a nap in it, it will have been a perfect day   smile "
"let's go get coffee and talk about all the superficial things that make life worth laughing at, anyone?"
"dear chicago,  i'm afraid that it may be time for us to part ways  the truth is, you've been a fickle mistress through the years, and that's been ok, but lately you've just been loud, rude, selfish and dirty  i will always have a place in my heart for your bright lights and familiar places, and i hope we can keep in touch   love  always, <propfemale>   p s  just stop being a jerk, city, and maybe we can talk this out   "
opening presents: funsies  watching people open presents i got them: funsies with a side of tofu  (that's a good thing) hope everyone is having a great christmas <propfemale> 
"ah    it's actually christmas now, so happy christmas to all! i'm excited to go see sherlock holmes tonight!  smile "
there's something super satisfying about being lazy sometimes   
"so, paranormal activity- actually a bit freaky  it's no exorcist, but   "
pawn stars  so awesome  plus it's nice to see anything on the history channel that's not about the world ending 
is not very good at planning things  i'm working on it though 
tomorrow i have an interview that matters  wish me luck!
i like the sound of rain 
i have a problem  i got to make up hours at work today by coming in 2 5 hours late and this upset me    seriously   
can i go back to sleep? pretty please?
"i don't like being sick  i hope i'm better by tomorrow, but this sore throat is hinting that it might put up a fight   "
"after watching chaplin last night, my unnatural obsession with <propfirst> chaplin has been sparked again  i kind of  love  <propfirst> "
"i used to have terrible acne  we're talking 2 pimples at a time here, people (with photo evidence!) until proactiv  since then i've become somewhat famous (i was in a straight to dvd movie!) and everybody wants to have sex with me since i'm no longer a mutated freak (and i don't even have to pay for it!) also, <propfemale> can't sleep and may or may not have opinions about proactiv infomercials  just maybe   "
i hate waiting  if only i could read minds    or predict the future 
just watched the <propmale> <propfemale> story  people love this movie  <propfirst> busey's teeth scared distracted me too much to tell  the parts where he didn't smile seemed enjoyable enough but i think i'll stick to reading bh biographies from now on 
i'm jealous of everyone's awesome doppelgangers  pooh 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and then copy and paste the first entry for your name under comments"
"i have no problem keeping secrets, unless they're my own "
mmmmm    guacamole  i used to hate this gross looking green stuff  now i like it  sometimes 
"orland park, here i come! i got my promotion and have an awesome sim and a second car coming my way in the next couple of weeks   love  <propfemale>, let's celebrate  soon "
laaaazy day   smile 
does not feel like getting ready    4 closes this week   sad 
"doesn't understand people at all  say what you mean, and all will be well  also, finally watched (and loved!) (500) days of summer "
someone recommend a good movie   
why are boys always hot? i am freezing and <propmale> is sweating  i officially love blankets 
2 more days at countryside    i'm not sure how i feel about that 
"best \going away\"" party a girl could ask for- i'm going to miss you countryside!  sad """
i have a huge bump on my forehead because i'm a klutz  maybe i can act like i'm tough and got into a fist fight with superman or something    is that believable?
: annoyed niffle: annoyed niffle: annoyed neeze  repeat 
"so sick, so sick of being tired  and oh so tired of being sick   anyone feel like a text war?"
"i know i'm a geek, but i kind of love lilo and stitch  also think i am finally going to see <propfemale> in wonderland this weekend "
"i kind of want to take a nap    i love that i only had to work two hours today, i got so much done! on my way to brixies soon   "
good times were had by all  can't i just merge the orland and c-side stores together? maybe we just need to <propfemale> out more often  southwest side ftw!!!
having a weekend off    pretty much the best thing ever 
this weekend was a tease  i don't want tomorrow to be monday 
"orland park, you're going to be awesome! installing a store is amazing, except for the bruises and weak muscles "
"wishes she could move her arms  annoyed  my muscles aren't used to being used so much, haha  maybe doing it all over again today will cancel out the hurt   "
everyone must shop at half price books in orland park starting may 13  either that or bake me cookies 
i feel like i've been having bad luck these last few days  hmmm   
dear comcast- it's your fault i don't have cable or internet and yet you're still making me wait til wednesday to get it fixed!?
"i am super excited because i have cable and internet again  turns out, comcast disconnected everyone in my building to see how many of the tenants would call to complain about their legal cable connections being out  turns out, we might have been the only people legally receiving it  according to the gentleman who came out today we're the only ones that have complained, and it's been out for about a week  classy "
"gets to go back to work tomorrow! if i can stay healthy for the rest of the year, that would be swell   smile "
"if i sleep until 7am, i'm struggling to stay awake, yet somehow today i've been up since 3am and am not dying  why, body? why?"
why didn't i watch dead like me sooner?
1   2   freddy's coming for you   
"<propfirst> brand as drop dead <propfirst>? yes, please "
did i mention i love my job?
today's the big day! anyone who loves books should check out the half price books grand opening in orland park today! it's right in front of the orland square mall and it's open until 10 tonight  did i mention coupons and awesomeness?
facebook com halfpricebooks= four groovy pictures of our great opening  woot!
"hey, how about a post not related to half price books? something about cool stuff that would blow your minds? something a little bit cooler than this?"
who wants a bike? also- can anyone make october come a little faster?
it would be really interesting to see a count of how many people we've ever met  i bet that number is pretty insane  six degrees of seperation across the globe 
i kind of want a panda  they're pretty much the cutest things ever 
"things get more complicated when you're older \\before you know it you are somebody's soldier \\you get a gun and you name it \\after a girlfriend \\but i swear i'll never kiss anyone \\who doesn't burn me like the sun \\and i will <propfemale> every kiss \\like my first kiss  \\ love  oh, swedish pop  love "
it's pretty sweet having two days off in a row  the hard part will be dragging myself out of bed and back to work for the weekend 
"friday, i'm in love   love "
is wondering who wants to go to work for her  anyone?
"would like to start working toward veganism  <propmale> 'n' cheese and frappucinos, you will be missed "
"starting work at 12 isn't as bad as i thought  i've already eaten breakfast, cleaned my apartment, read a couple chapters of my book and gotten dressed and ready for work  not a bad morning "
my cat is trying to break through my patio door to get a chipmunk 
i think i saw a dark <propfirst> in the sky tonight   
wishes she was in <propmale> right now  only 3 months to go! i'm so geeked out about this   
having time to just lounge around and read is pretty great   love 
i was really proud because i let myself sleep in today  really proud until i looked at the clock and it wasn't even 8am yet  haha
"i always forget how much prisoner of azkaban determines what happens in the last four books  damn you, <propfirst> pettigrew!"
"off to bed  the ac is broken, which means i'll be nice and toasty warm tonight   smile  (no sarcasm)"
"tread lightly, she is near\\under the snow,\\speak gently, she can hear\\the daisies grow "
"so after closing last night, guess what i come home to? lego <propmale> potter years 1-4 for ps3 on my pillow  that totally beats a mint!  love "
i'm officially addicted to true blood  i'm thinking that once i get caught up on seasons 1 and 2 someone's going to have to let me come over to watch the new episodes!
"sometimes i wonder who needs convincing, others or yourself  ah, redundancy "
i hate when you're getting really into a book and then you have to stop to do something else  it stops me from even picking up a book at times  i wish i had 5 uninterrupted hours a day just to read 
"you'd kill yourself for recognition,\\kill yourself to never ever stop\\you broke another mirror,\\you're turning into something you are not"
why can i never get enough radiohead?
\people\,54817b9e5746a560f43dee41c5d459b8,i like days that keep me so busy i don't have time to think  there's something very rewarding about running around like crazy 
"oooh yeah! super excited about a yummy vegan dinner with my <propfemale> panda friday!!! look out chicago, here we come!  smile "
is finally going to see inception tonight  yay!
is it time to go back to sleep yet?
i feel strangely sad today  strangely because there's no real reason for it 
almost wound up with a 20ft ladder as a passenger in her car today  definitely my scariest moment since i started driving  it landed like an inch from my tires and the guy was definitely going 50mph  i thought it looked bad and hit my breaks *just in time*
"time to get ready to close at work! not super exciting, but midnight showing of <propfirst> pilgrim after!! hurray!"
<propfirst> pilgrim= <propfemale>'s favorite movie of 2010 so far  but seriously   
somebody didn't get the memo that it's 2010 and not ok to be an idiot 
and    i'm almost blonde!!! it's been years   
"this could be\interesting    leave a one-word comment that you think best describes\me using thethird letter of your first name  it can only be one word \then copy and paste this post on your wall, so i can leave a word about\you "
can't wait to get her tickets tomorrow! hurray!
"can't believe    one week until she gets to pretend she's a wizard and ride some ba rollercoasters!!! woot! i think i'm ready for a vacation either way  though i'll probably still miss work, haha "
5 days   
tomorrow morning i'll be on my way to florida! a week long vacation is looking pretty amazing right now!
"dearest friends and relatives    i may hideout in hogwarts and survive on butterbeer and love    so if i never come back to chicago, consider this goodbye   smile "
"wow  a quarter of a century has passed  no quarter life crisis though, so that's nice!  smile  i really think i shouldn't have to leave tomorrow though "
"i wish everytime i looked at the nighttime sky i could see this many stars    damn you, chicago "
"sometimes i forget how very much i love autumn  (the warmer, breezier days of autumn )"
a thousand <propmale> ain't shit to walk if i'm walking to hold you
season 3 of true blood   finished 
"also    happy 156th birthday, <propfirst> wilde!  love  \most\",54817b9e5746a560f43dee41c5d459b8,"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking for acceptance and equal rights  will you make it your status for at least one hour?"
who's going to see deathly hallows part 1 with me at midnight thurs the 18th? <propmale> works at 5am the next day and is not up for it    any takers?
nothing like leaving a party just to walk back 15 minutes later    haha  i'm going to be tired at work tomorrow 
"my phone is seriously a schizo right now and is only working when it wants to  if anyone needs to get a hold of me, you send a message on here  i should have a new phone by tomorrow "
"brother\week  if you have a brother who has made you laugh, tortured you,\stuckup for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw\you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, &\you can't do without, copy and paste this to your wall"
"to my friends going to the premier of hp7 at quarry 14, are we doing imax or regular screen?"
"new phone will be here tomorrow! if you haven't already given me your phone number, please do!"
tomorrow night cannot come fast enough  chicago diner with my best gal <propfemale> and a weekend full of excitement  the only hard part is deciding which delicious meal to choose 
so much to do this month    so let's make plans and add to the list  any takers?  wink 
"<propmale> and jemaine on the simpsons?? yes, please   smile "
kind of can't wait for conan tomorrow 
"would really, really like to go back to <propmale>  rollercoasters and reading on the beach? ummm   yes "
thank you daiya cheese for making pizza and <propmale> 'n' cheeze possible  i will love you always   love 
i'm happy that facebook is around to remind me that next thursday is our anniversary because i have the memory of a goldfish  five years have flown by!
"so    next week has me smiling already- <propmale> potter comes out, dresden dolls concert, chicago diner (hopefully) and some anniversary festivities  i'm pretty much sold on it being the best week ever  ha "
"to any friends who shop half price books, don't forget today is the 50% off coupon! and it automatically applies to whatever the most e playful ensive item you get is! (yeah, i know, i'm lame for advertising work sales, but c'mon, 50% is pretty awesome!)"
"i've just been informed the word \darling\"" is ancient and should no longer be used  i disagree """
"time to go to sleep  my ramblings are officially no longer making sense  goodnight, darlings  (haha) i'm just happy to learn that \darling\"" is alive and well """
dresden dolls tonight! woohoo!
"<propfemale> f*cking <propmale>, you are too wonderful for words  <propfirst> viglione, you make me giggle  best night ever   love  dresden dolls  love "
"<propmale> potter & the deathly hallows pt 1 down! despite the long running time, the split made the movie feel waaaay too short, i really was disappointed when it was over  still, i cannot wait until pt 2! (too bad i have to)"
spell check  seriously underrated 
"to any ladies that didn't get a specific wall post from me, i just want to let you know that i think you're all lovely people, otherwise i wouldn't have added you as friends on here  we should all try to keep in touch more often  i know that most likely won't happen, and that's ok  but you're still lovelies   love  (yes, i used lovely as a noun  deal with it )"
"i'm going to read and pretend to sleep now  finally get to do my christmas shopping this week! (thank you, half price books for loving your employees and treating them so extremely well  bonus check ftw!)"
maybe i am a little too nerdy 
30 rock has a surprising number of conan o'brien jokes  i am pleased with this 
"just found a really old journal and read it  haha    sixteen year old <propfemale> was kind of a mess  thank goodness that whole \growing up\"" thing happens """
"rip <propfemale> g  she was for sure the best cat ever, purring right until the end and holding on to me with little <propfemale> claws  my heart is seriously broken  i wish pets could outlive their families "
i've decided planning things is not a strength of mine 
would you go to a wedding if you couldn't bring a guest? assuming you know more than a few people that will be at the wedding   
"i can dance and win at games, like backgammon and life "
"if you own it, it's \your\"" car  \",54817b9e5746a560f43dee41c5d459b8,i had a dream in which <propfemale> white was a vampire  maybe i'm a little too immersed in pop culture? let's even go with drowning 
"i'm pretty sure my neighbors are serial killers  or at least completely insane  (not <propfirst> and <propfemale>, ha)"
last night i was thinking how nothing would make me happier than more snow  i'm always happy that mother nature gets me that way  i'm moving to cali  who's coming with me?
it surprises me how many people truly care about valentines day  am i without a heart?
"some weird, book-dwelling bug bit me today at work  itchy! hazard of the job?"
"so let me get this straight      kelsey grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post if you find this ridiculous!!!"
"sometimes, i look outside, and i think that a lot of other people have seen this snow before  just like i think that a lot of other people have read those books before  and listened to those songs  i wonder how they feel tonight "
it's nice being able to go home for break   smile 
leave it to me to forget that i have concert tickets for tonight    luckily it's a late show!
is anyone in chicago interested in going to bright eyes tonight? we might have two tickets up for grabs   
i'm seriously considering giving up my cell phone when at&t finishes buying out t-mobile  it's a tough decision only because of a cell phone's value in emergencies  other than that i don't really need to be connected to the world 24 7  (she says from her facebook )
what a busy day! everyone was selling books today 
"no matter how much you like your job, there are some days the couch is more inviting  *sigh* off to work i go "
"apparently <propfirst> sheen's first show ended with a ton of booing and people wanting their money back  is anyone really surprised that this already unfunny, pathetic creature would be made even more so when you paid over a hundred dollars for his nonsense? here's a hint: there's no editing on stage  that is all "
vegan goodies today!
"if you knew me 5-10 years ago, chances are you don't know me at all  so don't assume and we'll be just fine   smile "
"the chicago diner is having a 28th anniversary event today with door prizes and discounts but i have jury duty until 5  you can just call in sick to jury duty, right!? *wishful thinking*"
