526cfa96a00afd890e1c34e1f7e671bb
and when it rains you always find an escape just running away from all of the ones who love you from everything you made yourself a bed at the bottom of the blackest hole (blackest hole) and you'll sleep till may you'll say that you don't want to see the 
i ? pathological liars they are the best  laugh 
is learning how to play the bass  man my fingers hurt 
"second chances they don't ever matter, people never change once a whore, you're nothing more,  i'm sorry, that'll never change and about forgiveness, we're both supposed to have exchanged, i'm sorry <propfemale> but i'm passing up, now look this way "
"let's have some fun, this beat is sick, i wanna take a ride on your disco stick, don't think too much just bust that <propmale>, i wanna take a ride on your disco stick "
i've been told that somethings i remeber from my past are not true  but does that mean the things i've done in my past are not really?
"frist i apply to a couple of place and they make up silly excuses why they don't need me working there, secondly my pay check is less then its suppose to be so now i can't go to maine (agine), next my phone gets ran over and now i need a new one but i hav"
"cute and cuddly, boys  cute and cuddly  - skipper"
"i'll seek you out, flay you alive, one more word and you won't survive, and i'm not scared of your stolen power, i see right through you any hour, i won't soothe your pain, i won't ease your strain, you'll be waiting in vain, i got nothing for you to gain"
"good mornin', good mornin'! we've talked the whole night through, good mornin' good mornin' to you  good mornin', good mornin'! it's great to stay up late,good mornin', good mornin' to you    smile "
i really haven't been on a bike for about 7 years and i think that today my over 12 mile ride makes up for it 
"i don't know what i want, i don't know what i'm looking for but it seems every time you leave me, i'm always beging you for more   hmmm sounds like i've got a new song started "
i don’t know what’s right and what’s real anymore i don’t know how i’m meant to feel anymore when do you think it will all become clear?
wishin there was someone layin next to me because went there is i fall asleep faster than a baby that was just bathed in lavender 
psst hey you wanna make out? hahaha thats what she said
"soy muy, muy cansado pero yo no puedo dormir sin usted próximo a mí   sad "
yeah!!!!!!! yankee homecoming   smile 
"i feel stressed out, i wanna let it go,let's go way out spaced out, and loosing all control, fill up my cup, mozoltov, look at her dancing just take it off, let's paint the town, we'll shut it down,let's burn the roof and then we'll do it again,let's do i"
missing my ladybug and redhead   sad 
is thinking about a boy
is seriously think about becoming a bartender 
sorry she forgot to call you and misses you 
painting and listening to aqua   smile 
is ?in the thunderstorm  smile 
"i lose myself in all these fights; i lose my sense of wrong and right  i cry, i cry  i'm shaking from the pain that's in my head  i just want to crawl into my bed and throw away the life i led  but i won't let it die  but i won't let it die "
is so being disney's new <propfemale> <propfemale> for halloween   laugh 
hating my stupid allergies right now and off to play practice soon  this is the only reason i dislike summer  frikityfrackstupiddumbihateyou allergies mumble mumble    
needs to get her ass up to maine asap
really really wants to go to the paramore concert in boston in october
really loves her work  smile 
say what you need to say because you never know what tomorrow might hold 
"fuckin tired, reading then bed  peace fuckers"
"fuck you, fuck you very very much cause we hate what you do and we hate your whole crew so please don’t stay in touch  make my whole fuckin shit ass day so much fuckin better   ?thank you <propfemale> <propfirst>?"
"what if i wanted to break laugh it all off in your face what would you do?(oh,oh,oh,oh) what if i fell to the floor couldn't take this anymore what would you do, do, do? come, break me down bury me, bury me i am finished with you"
"yeah, the friends who stuck together we wrote our names in blood but i guess you can't accept that the change is good (hey! ) it's good (hey! ) it's good well you treat me just like another stranger well it's nice to meet you sir i guess i'll go i best be on my way out"
i think i'll pace my apartment a few times and fall asleep on the couch and wake up early to black and white re-runs that escaped from my mouth all i wanted was you all i wanted was you
"i'm going away for a while but i'll be back, don't try and follow me 'cause i'll return as soon as possible see i'm trying to find my place but it might not be here where i feel safe we all learn to make mistakes"
"you can't tell me to heal and, it hurts remembering how it felt to shut down you can't be too careful anymore when all that is waiting for you won't come any closer"
and the worst part is before it gets any better we're headed for a <propmale> and in the free fall i will realize i'm better off when i hit the bottom 
"so you say it's not okay to be gay, well, i think you're just evil, you're just some racist who can't tie my laces, your point of view is medieval, fuck you, fuck you very, very much, 'cause we hate what you do, and we hate your whole crew, so please don't stay in touch "
"my head is spinning around, i wish i could make feet my touch the ground, as i float higher and higher, passed the clouds and into the sky i realize i'm in my own little world, the stars fly around me, everything goes my way and nothing can be wrong "
"i never let love in so i could keep my heart from hurting, the longer that i live with this idea, the more i sink into this 4 4 beat, i'm in time with you"
thinking positive  smile 
to wear a dress or not to wear a dress that is the question?
loves that some people we use to call family don't have the balls to tell you they really don't care  don't message me or don't call me  grow a set then i'll see if i wanna talk bitch  can't believed i every called any of you family  to the ones that care sorry for swearing  smile 
"sometimes it feels like a needle full of poison would feel better then this  just strap down, i'm ready to go "
"and here we go again, with all the things we said, and not a minute spent, to think that we'd regret, so we just take it back, these words and hold our breath, forget the things we swore we meant, i'll write you just to let you know, that i'm alright, can't say i'm sad to see you go, cause i'm not, no i'm not, well i'm not "
"yup your damn right, i am a \smartass\""  what are you going to do about it? be like her and hit me? make sure you swing your hardest because i’m gonna keep on getting back up """
"leave my door open just a crack, please take me away from here,'cause i feel like such an insomniac, please take me away from here, why do i tire of counting sheep, please take me away from here, when i'm far too tired to fall asleep "
"somewhere out there beneath the pale moonlight, some little pug is thinking of me and loving me tonight  somewhere out there, i am saying a prayer, that we'll find one another, in that big somewhere out there    can't wait to find that little puppie somewhere out there  sniff sniff  oh how i miss <propfirst> brown  annoyed "
i  love  fresh hair studio! thanks <propfemale>  smile 
"yes, i  love  my footie pajamas  <propfemale> christmas  smile "
"is safe and sound at zo's house, but missing her mommy  annoyed "
omfg it soooo cold outside up here in maine brrrrr 
chinese with the fam  then maybe down to the grog for a drink 
was just drinking orange juice when she thought this would taste way better with some vodak in it  yumm  laugh 
i think for my next tattoo i'm going to get lyrics   smile 
maroon with pink and purple polka dots  smile 
"grey today  vacations pick out who your true friends are and who aren't worth your breath  to bad my best friends live in maine, while at least two of them  missing zoya and <propfirst>  at least i only have 88 days  laugh "
"lives in a <propfemale> tale, somewhere too far for you to find, forgotten the taste and smell, of a world that she's left behind "
i just want to roll out of bed and fall into another  smile  i love sleep 
"back to school  back to school, to prove to dad that i'm not a fool  i  got my lunch packed up, my boots tied tight, i hope i don't get in a  fight  ohhhh, back to school  back to school  back to school  well, here  goes nothing   smile "
"paramore is going to be in atlantic city, new jersey friday, april 30th  any takes? <propfemale>?  laugh "
needs help!!!! which class should i take this summer chemistry or biology?
"if i'm a bad person, you don't like me  well, i guess i'll make my own way  it's a circle, a mean cycle  i can't excite you anymore  where's your gavel? your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me well, sentence me to another life "
something that once felt like a dream now snaps right back to reality  man the whiplash sucks 
"??working hard to get my fill, everybody wants a thrill, paying anything to roll the dice, just one more time??"
????????????????????????????????????????
"she's got both hands, in her pockets  and she wont look at you, won't look at you "
what paramore and <propfemale> and <propfemale>????? totally want to go now  check it out  smile  http annoyed  www paramore net shows   now all i need to do is find a job any job to save up for this (hopefully) 
really wishes she could find a job already  annoyed  
totally psyched!!!! love this week  laugh 
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes  it was the best birthday i've had in a long time 
needs to see two rock concerts and two jazz concerts before may 9th  does anyone know of someplaces that have jazz concerts? and does anyone want to come with me?
"off to bed  work in the morning, maybe we'll start recording, then class at night  a full day of fun tomorrow "
needs someone to go to a rock concert with her this thursday  any takes? its at the grog 9pm to 12 smile 0am 
going to a concert(by myself) that the grog and its only $5  psyched  laugh 
hanging out with <propmale> enjoying the rain   smile 
"getting a hair cut next week but doesn't know what to do with it? keep it as is, grow it out ? what?"
"had fun with tiger tonight  even though he kicked my butt at bowling, he lost to yawning and great time for venting  night"
saving all her tips up so she can get a pug some day 
can't wait to go to new york with sistie so so psyched!!!!! p s  nvm my tips are so going for a gps thingy for my car 
sistie and i are heading to new york to see <propfirst> poppin's we're soooo excited  yahooo
"now in new haven, ct  halfway there  just a little bit tired "
"welcome to manhattan, ny  smile "
just saw <propfirst> from will and grace  ahhh got a picture but he keep on trying to hide his face 
ugh the ride back is the only bad part of my day  can't sleep   annoyed 
"poetry, final essay for english and 4 concert essays  ahhhh!!!! had so much fun in new york totally want to go again "
"dear lord,  please tell me why do people have to be single-minded? why can't they just stop lying for at least 5 minutes? why can't they just leave me alone to live my own life? it's not like they wanted me in their anymore "
"left my phone home on my bed; now it will\have to wait for me till i get home  oh man, i feel naked with out it \please don't look at me  dude! didn't i just say \ don't look at me\""? jeezum crow!!!!"""
"is going to see paramore, <propfemale> and <propfemale>, new found <propfemale> and kadawatha august 3 in gilford,nh  anyone want to come?"
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now  can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right no "
"i'll go 25 in a 35; not just cuz i wanna but, cuz if you get any closer to the back of my car i swear even if you touch it, you'll regret it  mkay <propmale>? thank"
my tounge still has a little bit of a blue tint  smile  thanks <propfirst> vining
passed all of her classes  yeah boi!
so tired must stay awake 
worked 55 5 hours this week  so can't wait for those pay checks 
"stop, talk, talk, talking that blah, blah, blah "
"spilt a full bucket of gross mop water at work and it went everywhere  omg it was so funny  don't worry no one and nothing got hurt, but my sides from laughing so hard "
going to sign up for a summer class  blah! well at least i'm getting them out of the way yay!
just slammed my left hand in the car door  holy crap my fingers hurt   annoyed  i hope this day gets better not worst 
mmmmm bed here i come  look out below 
"3 classes down, 6 more to go and then i graduate  hell yeah spring 2011 here i come  so stoked  laugh "
super surprised like whoa!!!
"oh man, my bed is yelling really loud, i better go and comfort it before it wakes the neighbors  nite "
"sometimes i still feel like its my first day of kindergarten and i don't know anyone, not even the ones i've known for years  you know, friends really suck "
"“i have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: \we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal \""  - rev  <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>", jr \526cfa96a00afd890e1c34e1f7e671bb,"as a day off tomorrow  what am i doing with it? getting my car looked at, my hair done and probably a little hanging out  as london tipton says \yay me!\""  smile """
i want to go to see eclipse but i have no one to go with  i think i'm gonna go by myself  annoyed 
eclipse was amazing going to have to see it again   laugh 
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn? well that's all right because i like the way it hurts  just gonna stand there and hear me cry? well that's all right because i love the way you lie, i love the way you lie   love  this song"
summer time really shows you who your friends are and who your acquaintances are  now i see those turf colors   smile 
"tryin' to be perfect, tryin' not to let you down   ooww, honesty is honestly the hardest thing for me right now   yeah, while the floors underneath our feet are crumbling, the walls we built together tumblin', i still stand here holdin' up the roof, cause it's easier than telling the truth "
now taking applications for roommates or apartments in the newbury and haverhill area  if interested or know of any let me know 
just bought my first car  laugh  yeah!!!!
"i need somebody (somebody), somebody crazy enough to tell me, i will love you till we (i will love you till we), till we are buried, our bodies (our bodies), our bodies buried close together, cemetery weather, in the cemetery weather"
"ahhhhhhhh!!!! so flipin' excited!!!! yes,yes,yes,yes!!!!!!!"
"has another newer movie to add to her favorite movies <propfemale>'s body, it was amazing  it's deff  in line with taking lives, hotel 2 and h h e  2  loved it  laugh "
"why is the sky gray? it's suppose to be blue  why do clouds always strike me with lighting when i'm not the one callin it? drown me in rain, so it takes my pain"
oh yeah! oh yeah! i'm wicked excited! i can't wait for august 3rd with <propfemale> carnes! we're gonna have fun! oh yeah!
doing my geography paper it's 8 to 10 pages long  blah!
"off to take my first final for geography  wish me luck i'm gonna need it to remember all 125 possible matches, but on the bright side the other half is questions like \if you go north what state or country will you end up in?\"" so i think i'll do fine """
at the concert  so excited 
"i  love  you paramore,tegan and <propfemale> "
"off to bed soon  can't wait for tomorrow doing some house work, <propfemale> out with the family and then off to see some friends for a couple of day   laugh "
final heading back  home  had a great time with everyone 
"so excited bought gauges yesterday, and thinking about what to get for dinner wicked hungry "
"you make me feel, like i'm livin' a, teenage dream, the way you turn me on, i can't sleep, let's run away and, don't ever look back, don't ever look back "
i want you to want me  i need you to need me  i'd love you to love me i'm begin' you to beg me 
"dutty dutty dutty love, i'm feeling like you letting go, dutty dutty dutty love, i'm feeling like you letting go "
wants to go see vampires suck
was just jammin out to <propfemale> <propfirst> with the windows down and the sound way up at a stop light 
had a pretty frustrating day  so glade i have work tomorrow so i can give my mind a break  blah!
"needs ideas about <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr that i could use for a paper   i have <propfemale> and the boycott, but i  can't think of anymore "
trying to focused on my 5 <propfemale> paper so i can go see my best friends in 5 more days  can't wait  laugh 
can't wait to get out of work  blah 7 o'clock please come faster  4 more days ladies 
grrrr my phone is being wicked glitchy  finishing my paper  can't 3 more day baby  smile 
off to work 3 smile 0 till 9 blah  then home to add to my paper can't wait for it to be sent in and finished  2 more days  smile 
paper is finally done  sigh of relief  going to bed now  dreaming of how much fun i'm going to be have with my best friends  smile  soooo excited 
"everyone knows i hate to cry, but for once these tears feel pretty damn good  i guess that's what they call healing  got it in the bucket, so that means it's going to be a good day "
clubing for the first time ever  laugh 
grr stupid service engine is back on again  there goes another $300 down the tube 
"home nice and safe  had sooooo much fun with my best friends we danced so much on friday my legs still hurt, hahahaha  well off to bed work on the am   smile "
"first day of classes, full schedule 8-10 math, 11-12 science, and 2-3 english  can't wait to see ms  <propfirst> "
"thinking about growing my hair out a little, not really feeling the mohawk anymore "
"why are all the apartment i like too much money or too far away? it is really to bad that i can't find a reliable roommate, all the good ones are taken  it kind of, wait no it really sucks!"
"wow here we have some really nice people, real nice  come on i'll let you meet some jerk, i mean rats oops i ment real nice friends  smile "
"you spent half of your life trying to fall behind, you're using your headphones to drown out your, it was so easy, and the words so sweet "
i like it on the stairs 
i like it on the front seat of my car 
is playing ketchup with a few people  bahahahaha!!!
you know life is good when you laugh so hard that you almost pee your pants  yup that my life  laugh 
so i'm thinking about moving up or on to another one  not sure  playful 
just relized that i should give up  wipe my hands off and walk away  it's just not worth my time 
got my purple on what about you?
needs to get really friends because the ones i have suck  well  a least 99% of them 
"where's your gavel? your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge well, sentence me to another \job\"""""
had bad day at work don't worry? chinese food will fix that  smile 
"alright, here's the plan: if we get caught we do not speak english!"
i passed the mss test  laugh 
heading in to boston for an appointment at 11 with the <propmale> institute  train? or drive? driving it is because i want to make it on time not 15 minutes late stupid mbta  smile 
dreamt about aib last night  man that school is awsome one can only dream of going to that school 
my phone is so messed up  annoyed  not cool 
my phone fixed itself  dreaming of how much fun aib is going to be 
"blah so tired, soooo goodnight "
"i'm being an alternative, indie, rocker for halloween   pretty much being myself "
stressing  annoyed 
"for all that don't know i totaled my <propfirst> a couple nights ago, i was wondering if there was anyone around newburyport that could give me a lift to school tomorrow?"
my body really does not like work right now 
"do you ever feel like a plastic bag\drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?\do you ever feel, feel so paper thin\like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?"
"i’d catch a grenade for ya, throw my hand on a blade for ya, i’d jump in front of a train for ya   you know i'd do anything for ya, i would go through all this pain, take a bullet straight through my brain, yes, i would die for ya baby ; but you won't do the same "
"easy come, easy go that's just how you live, oh take, take, take it all, but you never give  love  <propmale> mars"
"oh man you know that your tired when you start laughing for no reason  oh jezz good times tink, good times "
"if this hole gets any deeper i won't be able to pull myself out  i feel like  <propfemale> i'm falling, i'm falling  tell my when i hit the bottom "
okay let's do the number game  here's how it goes put a number on my inbox me and i'll tell you what i think about you 
#7 you are one of my best guy friends  i have had some of best memories <propfemale>ing out with you on the beach till 2 am in the morning  oh and the light house  smile  hahaha fun time  can't wait to <propfemale> out with you agian sometime hopefully soon 
love when there's a teacher the sees the great things you can do before you even know you can do it yourself 
"got to work and found out i was a half an hour early, but its totally okay because i got to watch some of the <propfemale> show   laugh  love <propfemale> "
yeah snows finally blowing around  smile 
"blah, blah, blah\stop talking\stop talk, talk talking that\<propfemale> thanks  smile "
fyi nate and <propmale> rock my sock  i love hanging out with them 
more than half down and 900 more to go  hell yeah kickin ass and taking names 
"shit, shit, shit, shit, shity! fucking shit!"
really wants this stomach bug to go away  everything hurts  sad 
has no plans for friday night after 9 surprise 0  blah
so i want to do something with hair its a big hot mess  i think i want to straighten it and trim it  idk but something different with a bright color or two 
"blah why did you wake up so early? stupid body, go back to sleep "
thinking about cameras  nikon d90 or canon rebel t1i?
i need my hair straightened and cut  anyone want to do it?
( surprise ) needs to find and buy a car some time soon ( surprise )
blah!  surprise  have to go finish shoveling the sidewalk  in the meantime i'll be wishing i had a snow blower in my hands 
i don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight because i'm way to excited  laugh 
"and who do you think you are, running 'round leaving scars, collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart, you're gonna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul, so don't come back for me, who do you think you are"
ahhh go away you stupid migraine   playful 
"punk you'd better back up, try and play the role and the whole crew will act up get up, stand up, come on! come on, throw your hands up "
"has at 30+ movies watched once, that need to go  for more detail please call, text, im, email or leave me a message "
yeah work here i come  annoyed 
wicked pissed off because stupid people think its fun to go to a meeting 7-9 smile 0 then work 11-6 smile 0  ahhhh!!!!
talkin with someone i've had a crush on since middle school  smile 
"dear heart,\please let down your brick walls; i would like to fall in love at once before i'm 30 \p s  that's in 8 years, 2 months, 1 week, 6 days, 18 hours and some odd minutes  \                                  love dazha"
"dear dude <propfemale> the clouds, please make my 1-9 smile 0 fast  k thanks \          dazha"
i'm  beyond happy right now  i get to get out of work 40 minutes early  smile 
so not ready for class or work 
i just had a glee moment   smile  oh how i miss you glee 
needs to restart looking for apartments again  roomie or not  hopefully i can find one tho 
"dear hours, minutes, and seconds, please go by a little faster i would like to get to my home work and apartment search soon  thanks dazha"
"so pissed right now, like you don't even know  ahhhh"
"you're so mean, when you talk, about yourself, you were wrong, change the voices in your head, make them like you instead, so complicated, look how we all make it, filled with so much hatred, such a tired game, it's enough, i've done all i can think of, chased down all my demons, i've seen you do the same  oh pretty, pretty please dont you ever, ever feel like you're less than f@#kin perfect"
"dear mother nature,\where is the freakin snow? i was hoping that i didn't have to go to work today  mother nature i really, really dislike you right now  \p s  i swear if i get stuck in bad weather to drive home in i will come find you and bitch slap you  thanks  \                                     sincerely, \                                               dazha"
"stupid snow, stupid clock-in and out machine, stupid, stupid, stupid "
loves snow days  i just woke up  smile 
"i really, really hate how i feel and i hate that i have to go to  work  soon  i feel el crapa  annoyed "
"so fuckin glad it my job to clean up other shit, i guess my job is a janitor not a cashier  really wtf!!!"
thank you 7 o'clock for coming so fast  also thank you for bringing all the bitch customers with you too  lovin this 
really freakin hates this feeling and wishes it would go away 
"everyone is can't wait for the super bowl, but me i can't wait to watch glee at 10 smile 0  laugh "
hurry up stupid super bowl i want and need to watch glee  laugh 
blah i feel so sick i'm not even going to watch glee tonight  sad 
so i  found that withdrawing from medicine that's good for you can really make you feel like shit  good thing that problem will be over by wednesday
ahhhh can't fall asleep and has 7 hours till classes start  blah!
"it must be, be an ignorant asshole day today  well guess what you all can line up and kiss my black (well its more of a lighter brown) ass "
"in class it is really hard to concentrate with a wicked hot teacher  all i hear is \teenage dream\"" covered by the warblers"""
"f#$k you, acer, f#$k you "
"first the stomach bug, second a sinus infection, third a migraine, now my whole body feels like i was hit and run over by several <propmale> trucks  yay and guess who has work at 12 smile 0? this girl right here  blah  annoyed "
i can't stand stupid snoody bitchs  p s  you all can kiss my middle finger 
yeah one of my classes was canceled so i get a 4 hr break   smile 
yay work  till 9 smile 0  waho  annoyed 
"so, so, so psyched!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
"good night to who every out there  \p s  my room smells freakin amazing  smile "
"out breakfasts with <propfirst> f, and <propfemale> f  then work 10-5 smile 0"
"so, <propfemale> grammer can end a 15 yr marriage over the phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hr marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> & tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone  yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really?? re-post if you are proud to support gay rights "
it sucks when you can't have who you want because they're already taken  it hurts when they flirt with you inches from your face and all you want to do is kiss them  but deep in your heart you know you can't because you don't want to be the other person  oh how it is pure misery to love some thing so much and to have cut ties just to move on 
ahhhh! i'm working with an asshole who knows nothing about asl even tho that's the class we're in  everytime i try to help him tells me no  you know what <propmale>? fuck you!
loving my taxes right now  smile 
"i swear i always fall for your type, \for your type, \tell me why,\i always fall for your type\for your type\i just can't e playful lain this sh*t at all\fall for your type\i just can't e playful lain this sh*t at all\fall for your type\i believe in people like you"
"i want to suck you,\i want to lick you,\i want to move my tongue all over you,\i want to feel you in my mouth,\yep, that's how i         eat ice cream!"
"i was nervous at first, it was big, long and went straight up  i had to try it before  i slowly eased myself onto it  i liked it! i went up and down on it for hours, i love escalatos now!"
i have no computer for awhile  so please be patient  thank you dazha 
"i want loads of clothes and fuckloads of diamonds\i heard people die while they are trying to find them\and i'll take my clothes off and it will be shameless\'cuz everyone knows that's how you get famous"
getting ready to have a wicked fun  then after work 5-9 smile 0
"had an amazing, even including work  smile "
r i p  nate dogg
"totally was just breaking it on the sidewalk to <propfemale> <propfirst>'s firework, just dance 2 style  love it  smile "
"broke it down to <propfemale> <propfirst>'s firework for a kiss, brought over $200 worth of clothing, spent last 2 hour trying to fall asleep, having the most amazing spring break priceless!"
"having a great day, playing at the park then at 5 smile 0 -9 smile 0 work "
"what fits nicely between boobs? gets longer when you pull on it? and fits into a tight skinny hole? \ \ \its a seat belt silly"
"hell yes i do all the timert @katyperry yesssssss! rt @marinasdiamonds: when you listen to music walking down the street, do you pretend you're in a dramatic film?"
hanging out with miss finnigan tonight 
omg snow  laugh 
oh shit i can't stop laughing  bahaha!
"ready, set, time to fall asleep  had a good night thanks ms  finnigan "
"blah just finish math homework  now must i sleep me some get zzzzzzzzzz      bloop, bloop(the sound of drool hitting my pillow) ¦d"
damn you math teacher why do you have to be so hott? i can concentrate i have glee's cover of teenage dream and you dancing on your desk  damn it!
i hate when people say stuff be hide my back  guess what? i alright know i'm fat and i swear to god if anyone tries to say different i will hit you so hard you won't even remember your momma  k thanks
"i've got a tight grip on reality, but i can't\let go of what's in front of me here\i know you're leaving in the morning, when you wake up\leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream\oh----"
hate this feeling  lost and confused 
"my mom told me teach for the <propfemale>s, but your not in the <propfemale>  so i'll stay walking around this lonely world till i find the one <propfemale> that fell from the sky "
"battle in los <propfemale>, rango, or <propfirst>?"
<propfirst> is pretty awesome so far 
"<propfirst> was boob titty flippin fuck ass awesome  \\props if you get this  laugh "
just invented a new game  called <propfirst> golf  it's pretty awesome 
"wants to go see rango very, very, very, soon "
"i can heard the snow sliding off my roof  fuckin love it  laugh  snow, snow, snow, snow, how i love you snow "
more then 3 fire trucks surrounding a full block of downtown newburyport  all i have to say is i hope everyone is okay and pulling over for them on state street was not fun also way to packed 
do not ever watch marley and me  it is one of the worst movies ever  i cried for like 10 minute through the end of the movie  stupid movie i hate you it make me want to never get a dog ever again 
is lusting over the most gorgeous  thing in the store  oh direct tv how i love you so but mostly your workers 
totally crushing on direct tv  annoyed 
ahhhh fuck this shit  need to find a cheap dirt bike or four wheeler 
fuck my hip and back hurts so fuckin bad  annoyed 
car insurance paid? check     for the whole year  smile 
wants to get her air done before her birthday 
"ahhhhhh! i can't get anything done on time, its really starting to piss me off "
"it' my birthday in 13 hours and 50 something minutes!!!!\i think i need to be a little more like the yes man  smile  p s i love the movie  laugh  \p p s  i hate when i text someone and they don't text me back  \p p p s  i can't wait for tomorrow it's gonna be so much fun  smile "
313  laugh 
having so much fun
dude he just jizzed his pants 
is now a proud owner of a scooter and the best thing of all is the scooter matches my car  guess who's saving on gas money?  laugh 
"thank you 500 days of summer for making want to hate love even more  \p s  so not okay with 7 am to 11am shift  think positive dazha, think positive  at least you get out earlier   smile "
has the most bombin bio  professor ever 
"i said to tink in portuguese \vá agora vagabundo fedorento!\"""""
n? de pìgu h?n chòu! votre pue fesses! seu fede bum! su apesta vago! bum yako stinks!
"just heard a lady say to another \its okay if you look like a man because now a days anything goes \"""""
"you hit me once\ i hit you back \you gave a kick\i gave a slap \you smashed a plate over my head then \i set fire to our bed"
"got my finger slammed in my car door, starting to get that cough and sinus thing  ahhh! okay i feel a little better  i have a good <propmale> of biology done "
you fall asleep and when you wake-up your suppose to feel better  nope you just feel like you were hit by a <propmale> truck 
blah i think my fever is coming back  not cool body not cool 
"just signed up for her last semester at necc  annoyed \man that went by fast "
where did all the man that are like(some what similar in the slightest bit) to travie mccoy go?  http annoyed  yfrog com h8pvnrgj
is so not okay with the fact that finals are in two weeks  annoyed 
"dear lungs,\all i want to do today is to breath without coughing or wheezing  now really is that to much to ask for? thanks a very unsatisfied customer "
"i slipped my hand under her skirt \i said don't worry, it's not gonna hurt \oh, my reputation's kinda clouded with dirt\that's why you sleep with one eye open \but that's the price you pay"
loves the fact that <propfirst> m  and i totally just sounded like lesbian asians  this totally made my day  smile 
heading to nh to visit <propfirst> and some of her family 
attempted to spit out my window but my window wasn't fully down  you can imagine what happen with a window the automatically goes down 
so pissed with verizon because it would cost $26 52 more to switch over to then and get the iphone  sooooo pissed at you stupid verizon 
"@alittlelamb @msleamichele wow, you guys rock unpretty's meshup   smile "
"all i have to say about @darrencriss performance \is wow!"
"after being out of work for 12 days, i'm going to attempt to go back today  only problem is now that i made up my mind i'm having a hard time breathing again  annoyed "
hmmm a song about jellyfish or a children's book? that is the question
"yup i stopped to pick up a poor little worm that was getting fried trying to cross the pavement and placed it in a cool dirt patch  \p s  sorry if you weren't heading that way "
"dear facebook friends why is it every time i wanna talk you all disappear  but when i don't want to talk, your always there  please answer me that one  thanks your dazha"
i do have to say my doctor is the sh#t
"i swear i saw a jellyfish in the toilet! i think its time for bed, at least for my eyes "
my eyelids are so beavy
oops my eyelids are so heavy  must fall asleep soon 
"oh lab reports how you hate me so  why, oh why do you hate me?"
stupid computer you lied it 11:48 not 10:48  grrrr now i'm late to bed 
"i'm glad everyone is so happy about osama death, we shouldn't be  nothing is going to change we are still at war and we shouldn't be "
pretty sure i bombed my biology test  now i'm just hoping i don't bomb my math test 
i think i just killed my math test  smile 
trying not to fall asleep in asl  blah summeritis i hate you 
off to an asl thing in the  boston area  annoyed 
"omg, omg, omg!"
wow this is hard 
come on bruins 
hell yeah bruins win 
"finally in bed, had a goodnight signing  smile "
cinco de mayo will be my year <propfirst> at <propfirst>'s club (walmart)  smile  i'm excited and dreading it all at the same time 
needs to finish up my jellyfish book 
"<propfemale> or storm (box jellyfish), jase or jett (irukandji jellyfish), and cali (lion's mane jellyfish) are the names of the jellyfish in my book i'm writing "
i need to get my hair braided 
we use to be in a wicked awesome christian band  the problem was the only time we practiced was when we were sent out to clean 
today i've been at <propfirst>'s club(walmart) for a year now  happy cinco de mayo!
asl final wish me luck 
glad i'm out of that fuckin class  hate stupid people 
"you hurt me, i'll cut your balls off and leave you there to die \think i'm joking? test me <propmale>, go ahead i dare you  smile "
"i'm awake and i'm still not ready for the b s  that's about to go down \mothers day + <propfirst>'s club(walmart)= a big hot mess "
"thunder, lightening, rain and hale  smile "
"almost done with biology work  smile \now i just need to remember to study for my finals on monday "
"<propfirst>'s club on mothers day = a crazy circus, with adult acting like children  let me tell you when a 50 yr old has a tantrum you have to try your hardest not to laugh "
"i love that people think because i work at <propfirst>'s and i'm a cashier that i'm stupid, and i never went to college   makes me laugh "
just got a mirror ripped off my car and truthfully i don't care  i'm just too tired 
"i cheated myself, like i knew i would, i told you i was trouble, you know that i'm no good "
can't wait for my biology and math finals to be over  praying i pass at least 2 out of 3 classes 
i know i did well on the math final  but i might have  bombed the biology final  annoyed 
"just realized that any all nighters from now till fall will most likely from hanging out with friends till the sun rises or awesome parties  laugh \so ready for relaxing and fun!"
fyi tmi - really gotta pee but i also really don't want to get up because i'm lazy and also my bed is nice and warm  smile 
just lifted 400lb of animal food twice   smile 
"really i love getting lost, it just means you find new places "
does anyone know someone that can cornrow?
"guess who biked 7 <propmale> today? this girl right here  boom, boom, fire power "
shaved 6 minutes off my 7 <propmale> and i'm still not done 
just finished 14 mile bike ride  can i get a hell yeah?
"was so stoked when i was ringing out @dancena, @johncena brother at my register at <propfirst>'s club "
#fastfive was f'in awesome!
"just rented the green hornet, black swan and the roommate  hmmm which one to watch first?"
half way to buying the new camera i want 
is hanging out with one of my favorite women in the world and my partner in crime today  <propfemale> <propfirst> aka (s a s )
"so about the rapture world ending all i have to say to god and or jesus is \hunny i'll believe it when i see it\"" just saying  p s  if it does happen  jesus i thought we were home dogs how you gonna do me like that? i still have tattoos to get and at least like me finish college i worked my ass off to get where i am now  sincerely your friend da'zha <propfirst>"""
so ready for this #zombieapocalypse  i got my game face on and am ready to rip some zombies heads off  warrior paint is ready and waiting  grrrr!
"so this #rapture, #zombieapocalypse isn't happening a little disappointed  annoyed  i got all ready for nothing "
bought my ticket  smile 
"oh yay the #rapture really didn't happen    \truthfully i wanted to fire a gun, brake some arms, legs and bust some head open   i really wanted zombie blood on my hands  annoyed \damn lets try this the same time next year eh?"
totally knows what she's going to do at #salemstate  laugh 
waiting for my grades(this 27); it is slowly killing me truthfully 
looks like i fucked everything up again  won't be going to ssu ssc till fall '13  fml 
one of the crapest days ever 
"an fhírinne a ní raibh scaoileadh dom\an fhírinne a ní raibh scaoileadh dom\an fhírinne a ní raibh scaoileadh dom\mar sin, beidh mé é féin \will be one of my tattoos on my ribs"
need to loss it bad 
"just had a la (laugh attack) because we were talking about birth moms and i said \oh yeah your bm\"" and mc says \""your bowl movement?\"" and it was all down hill from there  \",526cfa96a00afd890e1c34e1f7e671bb,having the best day ever 
ta-ta-ta-taornado baby  every one on the east coast keep one eye on the sky  drama free baby drama free 
"haaa! haaa! party like a rock <propfemale> do it wit da black & da white like a cop car  yeahhh! whoop, whoop, me & my band man on the yacht wit <propfemale> manson gettin a tan man! \drama free baby drama free "
"one of my little boys i know is so cute he looks right in to my eyes and says \i know where your from \"" i said \""where?\"" he says with a smile so happy with himself \""africa\""  i could help but just smile at him  he says \""you have nice dark skin\""  smile """
"it's friday, friday \gotta get down on friday everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend friday, friday \gettin' down on friday everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend  yeaaaahhhh! and spirit fingers "
"dreads, cornrows, straightened, extensions or leave it?\24 till <propfemale>"
blah my stomach feels like kaka   annoyed 
"just drooled guess i'm not awake yet  smile  \24 <propfemale>"
watchin <propfemale> on me   smile 
"just realized koli is bad luck so i'm gonna have to get rid of him a s a i k  please donate to the \my car is bad luck and i need a new one\"" foundation  pennies are very welcome  thank you for your generosity  da'zha <propfirst>"""
don't mistake my confidence for cockiness  though i love when people get it twisted 
ahhhhhhh stupid birds shut your chirp holes  it way to flippin early to be talkin about anything 
wants to go see a movie 
"last friday night\yeah we danced on table tops\and we took too many shots\think we kissed but i forgot\last friday night\yeah we maxed our credit cards\and got kicked out of the bar\so we hit the boulevard"
monster by paramore is the bomb #paramoreisstillalive
yay for 8 smile 0 meetings then i get  to go back to work for 10  oh how hate you <propfirst>'s club meetings  smile 
3 day break from work? hellz yes ma'am 
