c121bb5456c5b854a03795cde4ac89a9
is here finally! text so we can <propfemale>!
head hurts  eyes hurt  leg hurts  im falling apart!  sad 
this weather sucks  txt so we can <propfemale>!
went to the eye doctor and found out i have astigmatism  grr oh well my glasses came today and i can see things clearly now!! haha
back from hannahs game! she won 16-4! congrats  r i p-michael <propmale> and <propfemale> fawcett 
is bored at home  tiffy just left  txt so we can hang    or do whatever
is at home  txt me  12 days!!
leaving for oregon on the 17th!!
leaving for oregon on the 18th  coming home on the 15th of august 
"lakeside fest last night with <propfirst> was fun! going to lake <propfemale> for moms birthday  busy weekend coming wont be free until tuesday  then 6 flags on wednesday with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>!"
going to wisconsin today  be back late tonight  text me please  got a long drive  happy 4th of july everybody!!
home  shower  getting ready for the party later  fireworks tonight   again for the 3rd night in a row  text call  ill be free later
going to babysit  text me 
hanging with <propfirst> today!! maybe saying at her place  text call 
<propfirst> just left  brandons coming over! text call
at home 6 flags on friday!! with the family!
is hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst> today  maybe <propfirst>  idk yet  6 flags tomorrow and maybe saterday?!?!
spent all week with <propfirst>  crazzi times!  hangin with her again later maybe  then 6 flags tomorrow  anyone care to join? haha text me  movies later with the family   maybe 
leaving for oregon on saterday!!
in oregon  be back the 15th 
oregon tomorrow 
in oregon! going to family bbq atr my aunt jennifers on tuesday then beach wed  through friday!
in oregon  having a blast!
back from camping! had a blast!!!!! a little cold cus of the wind off the coast  now back to 100 degrees for the weekend! i thought i was in portland not phoenix  haha oh well  drive in tomorrow! britts coming in a week 
back from swimming! got really tan  livin it up in oregon!!
went swimming yesterday and in return i got hit in the face by some guy that was there  now my <propfemale> is split open and i have a fat bottom lip  hurts  sad 
at my aunts house for the weekend! fun stuff  bbq tomorrow with the family! love you mom!! wish you were here  cant wait til you get out here 
is in oregon  going camping tomorrow  <propfirst> will be here tomorrow too  fun stuff  had fun at my aunts!
is in oregon  camping today  <propfirst> is here now  fair on friday!!! sweet stuff
is in oregon  back from camping  brought back 2 huge spiders in a water bottle  lol  chillin today and tomorrow fair on friday!
is in oregon  clarck county fair today   smile 
"is in oregon  so i was at the fair and i was with my lil sister <propfemale> and we walked past a bible stand and they gave her a <propfemale> bible and then the women goes \does mommy want one too?\"" then i said umm shes my sister and the guy behind burst out laughing  how embarrassing """
is in oregon  long beach today  fun fact: its the longest beach in the world  going to see <propmale> the alligator man  its his 75 birthday 
loads of fun at seaside today! we were very 'popular' so to say  lol  2 days until i come home 
is coming home on saterday  goodbye portland  hello chicago 
is home 
is home but kinda sick 
is better  at home  text 
ugh what a day  may be busy tomorrow  tired  text me 
yay i got my spiders! thanks dad except the bigger one ate the one that had eaten the other one 
tired from work  working tomorrow  and babysitting all day sunday  busy weekend  makin money! my <propmale> skills have finally paid off and landed me a job where i get serious pay! text me 
drama has entered the world once again and school has just started  wow  really?
"doing homework for adv  alg  w trig, spanish and english  listening to music  ugh  then idk what  text me"
homework  dinner  shower  some tv  bed  text me
ugh  home  might be getting a cold  had fun this weekend  nervous to see what happens tomorrow  text me 
i just want to scream at the top of my lungs and be free but everything i do just pushes me farther and farther into the ground
ehh at home  long day  went shopping this morning and bought new shoes!! yay  did homework  sorta  text 
getting more peircings today! homework  ugh  text me
homework  cleaning  more homework  then idk what  text me 
listening to music  doing homework  at home alone with the 4 little kids   oh boy  dinner  homework  homework and more homework  text me
homework  homework  homework  can we ever just get a break? ugh  text me
at home  cold  tired  listening to music doing homework  tacos for dinner!!
back from <propfemale>'s track meet  she did good  homework  hungry 
went to lifetime with <propmale>!!! haha had loads of fun  then went to wendys with <propmale> and <propmale> hah  then home  homework time 
home  doing homework  powderpuff practice later 
is home  doing stuff  tired  maybe taking a nap  then idk what
watching pride and prejudice! haha bored  got my mom into the movie! shes watching it in the other room  text me 
at home with the family  haha party hardy! lol
at home watching flash forward with <propfemale>  looks really good  you should watch it!
at home   unfortunately  steves in one of his moods  ugh  why? over the stupidest things too 
at home   unfortunately  steves in one of his moods  ugh  why? over the stupidest things too  can there ever be a time when the 2 sides can come together without any problems  guess not   sad 
is home  got a huge bruise on leg from trying to get back into the canoe after falling out of it today  haha  it hurts
not going to powderpuff tonight   sad  hurt my ankle  kills to walk on it  sorry guys  maybe it will be better by sunday 
getting ready; tiannas for pictures; dinner at asain cuisine; homecoming!
had loads of fun at hoemcoming!
ahhh us constitution test tomorrow  studying for it 
dyed my hair today! dark brown undertone  was gunna be balck but mom wasnt sure so she got darkest brown instead  haha barely noticable now
going to 6 flags today with <propfirst>!
sick  ugh 
what a great workout  going through halloween costumes and then going to get pumpkins!
huge dilemia  this just got totally screwed up  spent lots of time on it and now poof gone  fml
going to lifetime  just found out which service learning project i'm doing i have honoring cls members in the service
stupid technology   always goes wrong when your working on something important 
awesome weekend  definately one to remember  haha lol  smile 
guh long week  friday tomorrow thank god  then weekend! yes!
peanut butter jelly time! peanut butter jelly time! haha lol chillin at home  back from shopping!
feeling sick  ugh
 smile 
la tasca was awesome! had loads of fun!
at home  will be alone soon  britts going to class  mom has alcohol training at work and the kids and <propmale> are going to indian prairie skate night  joy 
movies tonight!
babysitting for <propfirst> 
ugh back home  school tomorrow  dont wanna go  pointless to go if we are only going for 2 days then get the rest of the week off
happy thanksgiving!!!!
what a crazy day!
"they're gunna find you, just believe  your not a person, your a disease  all these lives that you've been taking deep inside my heart is breaking  broken hopes from seperation  dont you know it's violation  it's so wrong but you'll see that i'll never let you take this world from me  the world outside these walls may know your breathing  but you aint comin' near "
woohoo one week left!
its so freaking cold!
the day is almost here
spanish project  then other homework  deciding if i should get my ears pierced again 
proyecto de espanol is almost finished!!!
its so freaking cold! not liking the cold weather   at all
12 more hours!!!!
cammies over for my birthday  dinner then cake! yaya! haha lol
awesome birthday yesterday! although i could of gone without the cake in my face! lol
feeling really tired and weak from donating blood today  but it was worth it!
going out to lunch with my mom! be back later
working on mural idea for service learning project! homework after 
"? put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i want for christmas is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen "
 smile  today is a good day to look back at all those good times you had and smile
going bowling! be back later
with <propfirst>  shes sleeping over! fun night
getting ready  opening gifts from dad and <propfemale>  church after  <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!
"so this morning as we were opening our gifts, my brother opens a gift and it is a gift card to <propmale>'s sporting goods  and he goes, \look i got dick's!\""  me and <propfirst> just laugh while my mom just looks and shakes her head  haha it was one of those you had to be there moments  lol gotta love christmas  happy holidays everyone!"""
spanissh final then getting my haircut  and then maybe going shopping  smile 
"rip great grandma boone  january 13th, 2010  you will be missed "
at home  done with finals! 4 day weekend!
woohoo <propfemale>'s here! dog sitting her for the week!
 smile 
at home  left school early this morning because of an accident that happened this morning in the parking lot  hoping that im gunna get to go to the doctors today  wish the pain would go away 
there is always a time when you want to tell or ask a person something but you don't know if you should or are too afraid to  and right now i kinda feel like i am in that situation   annoyed  any advice?
today has been a good day  smile 
chocolate so addicting
"dude, this isn't kindergarten, so back off and stop stealing my crackers! lol"
back from indiana  going to the dells tomorrow be back tuesday   smile 
"god gave us two hands to hold, two legs to walk, two eyes to see, two ears to hear, but only one heart for only one true love   smile "
staying at <propfirst>'s tonight  text or call if you need me 
dove chocolate bunnies are the bomb!  smile 
1 more week! can't wait!
sometimes my life is flipped u?op?p?sdn  smile 
"i've made mistakes in my life  i've let people take advantage of me and i've e playful ected way less than what i deserve  but i've learned from my bad choices and even though there are some things i can never get back and some people who will never be sorry, i know better next time and won't settle for anything less than what i deserve "
real eyes realize real lies 
"\be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind\"" -dr  seuss"""
do you ever look at a photo of yourself and see a stranger in the background? it makes you wonder how many people have photos of you  lol
it's hard when you like someone and you don't know if you should trust them or not from things you have seen them do or heard them say or things that they have done in the past or in the present 
if i had the power to control time i would stop it when i'm with you because those are the best moments in time that always end up going away  i would stop time so i could have more time to finsh things that i started  i would go back in time and prevent things that happened to not happening at all  unfortunately i don't have that power so for now i just have to go on living life the way i'm suppose to be 
"life is about trusting our feelings and taking chances, losing and finding happiness, appreciating the memories and learning from the past "
it's hard when you like someone and you don't know if you should trust them or not from things you have seen them do or heard them say or things that they have done in the past or in the present 
i'm not a musical instrument so you can stop playing with me 
not going to prom  might go <propfemale> with <propfirst> and sleepover?!? who knows  for those who are going to prom have fun and hope it doesn't rain again   smile 
"what a great night!! went bowling, fire alarms went off lol, <propfirst>ced around with the people next to our <propfirst>, played some games, got to see my friend <propfirst> who is home from the army, and <propmale> with <propfirst>  couldn't get any better!  smile "
at lynns staying the night  had a long day  trying to figure out something to do 
happy mother's day
spanish field trip to pilson today was awesome!! even though the weather sucked it was still fun 
we are all books containing thousands of pages and within each of them lies an irreparable truth   
just as my right ankle gets better from being sprained my left ankle decides that it wants to be sprained now  fml   sad 
hahahahaha in a great mood  people amaze me in good ways  laugh  and in bad hilarious ways lol 
back at home  had a great weekend camping  can't wait to go again!!  smile 
no more fircken school!! woo summer here i come!
"cleaned my room, the bathroom, vacuumed, and did lots of laundry  ugh  i think it's time for a nap lol "
hawks win stanely cup!!! hell yeah!
it's so much fun to be around someone who enjoys life   someone who can find humor in almost any situation and who brings a smile to each day 
backstabber  can't trust anyone around here anymore  can't wait to go to oregon
senior photos at 3 smile 0!
my life has finally taken the right road  happy  enjoying life  and having the best damn time of my life! ?
to be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved
"happiness doesn't mean everything is perfect, it is appreciating what you do have & accepting the parts you cannot change!!"
is moving 
i love my family! thank you for the going away party thingy whatever you want to call it and thanks <propfirst> for the amazing cake  smile   i will miss you all 
last day in <propfemale> lake  sad but so excited 
crabbing tomorrow!! so excited  be back either late tomorrow night or wednesday  smile 
woo! my mom is coming to oregon tomorrow! chillen with her tomorrow and then seaside thursday  smile  with <propfemale> 
life is good  smile  
awesome awesome weekend! camping tomorrow with <propfirst> and his crew lol  smile 
camping  went to ape caves today and fell and got hurt  cuts scrapes and bruises  gotta love the outdoors 
registering for school tomorrow and getting a tour of my new school  should be pretty interesting 
trying to get 25 credits in before graduating sounded hard but my schedule is made up of <propmale> classes and a cooking class  this is going to be easier than i thought 
last week of summer  school here i come 
first day at reynolds tomorrow  ugh  so nervous  wish me luck 
i'm gunna be a big sister again   smile 
back from saturday market with <propfirst>  super fun day 
   and life goes on 
at the beach house for  the weekend  having loads of fun 
life is good 
best weekend ever  homecoming was a blast  wish it didn't have to end 
making cookies   smile  yum
just scheduled a metting with someone from the <propmale> institute of portland  looks like things are going to go the way i want them to 
meeting at the <propmale> institute went very well today  no school tomorrow! this weekend is off to a good start  smile 
it's snowing!
tonight was a great night 
best birthday ever minus the fact that my mom wasn't there to spend it with me  love you mom and thanks for the gift and the flowers 
donated a double red cell unit of blood today which just means i donated twice the amount of blood as everyone else   feeling really tired but it was worth it 
at home sick from school  that blood donation really took a lot out of me  hopefully i'll be better by tomorrow 
surgery tomorrow  so not looking forward to it   sad 
finally going back to school tomorrow after missing many days  it feels good not being sick anymore 
i know i can do this  anything is possible if you stick your mind to it and just believe 
no school today  chillen around for a the day and then off to the beach house for the weekend  smile 
my sister is getting married!!! i'm so excited  smile 
"i don't think i've ever been in such a great mood  life is good, friends are great, and things just keep getting better and better "
blueberry and strawberry  smile 
