11c94882112e50a37b12f422272464d7
is finishing registering for classes next year 
"as fun as family campouts can be, they sure are tiring!"
i got a 4 on my ap european history test!  yes!  i am so excited 
"went to see <propmale> potter last night at her aunt's house in fillmore   $5, and i got there 20 minutes before the show started and still got a great seat!  that would so not happen in payson "
is finally settled in her new apartment at usu 
this college life is the best despite the stressful aspect 
is going to be singing at the ces fireside tonight   i am really excited   those of you at byu should come say hi to me afterwards!
"\it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood\"" that's what i thought when i got up this morning """
"is amazed at the kids in her math class that know 100 digits of pi, and especially the one kid who knew 900   how do people do that?"
i can't wait for tomorrow   usu vs byu game   see my family    see some high school friends   beginning of conference weekend   what more could i ask for?
loves listening to <propfirst> schmidt's music 
"is trying to put together a research <propmale> proposal, but has no idea where to begin or what to do   "
"just turned in my application to recieve a <propmale> for my research proposal  i've been working hard core on that for two weeks--since i found out that's what i needed to do   boy, that feels good!  and   it's not even due until tomorrow at noon!  that's right   i'm a whole day ahead!"
really needs to do some homework   but i have no <propfemale> whatsoever   you know those boring assignments   yeah   that's what i should be doing 
"decided that while she loves eating pomegranates, she's not a good pomegranate picker-outer at the store   this one's sour  sad "
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, whether we do or do not speak often, please post a comment of the first memory of you and i that pops into your head  when you are finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
just won free food for having 100% attendance for fhe!!! yeah! way to go family!
5 hours of math physics homework   ugh!  at least i'm done for the night!
loves going home for the weekend!
gotta love late night studying at the library  smile 
wouldn't it be nice if when you clikced the 'home' button it took you to your real home instead of your home <propfemale>?  maybe someday   
"decided that she loves how lots of her guy friends are going on missions, and inviting her to their farewells, but really wishes they would put where they were going on their facebook event invites because i forget a lot of things, and more than that   often times i never knew where they were going in the first place!"
wow   yes   it's true   i did just get shut in a fridge with two other girls   smile 
go aggies!!!! way to beat the cougars   i love aggie basketball  smile 
yes!!!! i am officially done with my first semester of college!  smile 
this is going to be a great semester!
"i just traced my genealogy back to <propfirst>!!!  i passed old <propmale> coel, <propfirst> and virgin <propfirst>, <propfirst> (<propmale>' brother), <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and    <propfirst>!  it's so cool and exciting!"
i absolutely love aggie basketball!! way to beat that wolfpack!
loves that dr  <propfirst> covey is working at utah state and can go listen to him give speeches practically whenever i want   like today   it was amazing 
i love fridays!
my brain is trying to eat my body!!! agh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i've officially signed up to live at continental next year  smile  happy day   i'm really excited 
my  brain is trying to eat my body!!! again!!!! agh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spring break starts this weekend!  yay!!!
to anyone who is interested   i'm home for spring break and tomorrow at 2 smile 0 is the aggie basketball game   we're watching it at my house   all aggie fans are invited 
today is a good day!
"yes it's true   instead of doing my homework tonight i attached a bed sheet to my waist and stood on a skateboard and harnessed wind energy and flew  i will pay for it in the morning, but it was oh so worth it!"
yes! our outreach poster is printed!  smile   that makes me so happy!
long live the dark lord! > laugh 
i missed it by 30 seconds!!!!! i've never been in an earthquake! darn it!
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes!
i am almost done!  end of year 1   success in less than a week!  smile 
"laserfest turned out great!!!  i am so glad that it worked, turned out well, and that it is done!  laugh "
i'm officially done with homework until next fall! and i'm eating my last package of ramen  smile  it couldn't have worked out better 
yay for wow  smile 
summer has just begun and already i have a highlight:  doing the scotsman on the white roller-coaster at physics day at lagoon!  that was amazing!
so i had knee surgery today to fix my torn acl and i decided i hate the pain medication they gave me   it makes me feel terrible sick!  sad 
i really wish i could speak 1 2   or 1 3   or even 1 4 of the hungarian i used to   
"i was just reminded, by an inanimate and totally random source, of my college bedtime lullaby   to those of you that are familiar with the song -- i miss those times  smile "
"my computer is randomly playing music and i don't know where it is coming from!  even when i close everything i'm doing it plays the same song over and over again     i haven't tried shutting off my computer yet, the song and situation intrigues me  smile "
"i haven't been on facebook in two weeks   a year ago that wouldn't have been a big deal, but now i get on and realize i missed a lot  sad "
i just voted for my very first time ever!!!
day two of science camp   success!
the personality test i just took said that my personality best matches that of a mechanical engineer   what do you think?  should i switch my <propmale> or stick with physics?
"just spent 6 plus hours trying to fix our family reunion slide show   sad  it does look good now though, if i may say so myself   "
i love family reunions!
this weekend is going to be great!
"after 2 long months, he is leaving tomorrow morning  smile "
"so i just realized it was a friday night, and i thought \i should do something tonight   i haven't done something fun and exciting on a friday evening in a while \""  then i remembered last friday and i decided that that was enough fun and excitement for a month's worth of fridays!"""
off i go to do some research  smile 
"up at 4:45 to get breakfast and ready, left at 5 smile 0 for the duschene airport, 7 surprise 0 launched a high altitude balloon 88,000 feet in the air, 9 smile 0 invaded some guy in vernal's horse pasture to retrieve balloon   wow    what a day, and it's not even half over   (well it might be for me   i'm tired)"
"just got back last night from flying balloons   i really should get ready to move out next week, but i don't have any <propfemale> to start packing my stuff   i just unpacked "
i love college!!!  it feels so good to be back   especially now that i know more or less what i'm doing 
wish me luck on my presentation today!
i finally made it!  i've advanced far enough in math that the textbook has answers in the back of the book to both the odds and the evens!!  laugh 
congratulations utah state football for a great game tonight! so much fun!  i love usu  laugh 
football game tonight      smile 
"today is just going to be a great day!  92% on my chemistry test, 97 5% on my physics test, my homework is done, i'm going on a date tonight, and there's the usu vs byu football game!   laugh   how could life get any better right now?"
i love dressing up for halloween  smile 
everyone in and around <propfirst>  on friday night should come to our haunted labs in the ser building on campus   bring your friends; bring a date; just come!  it will be amazing!!!  follow the big green beam  smile 
"had a great weekend!  haunted labs a success, friends, free food, sleep, dates, firesides, car fixed, computer mostly fixed, singing piano time     this weekend couldn't have been better  smile "
i love learning how to do new things!
one more class then thanksgiving break!  yay!  i love thanksgiving break  smile 
"the last couple weeks of the semester are not my favorite, but once finals are over life will be extremely happy!   smile "
"\'cause <propfemale> clause comes tonight   \""   smile """
i'm done!  it's done!  now i can focus on homework and finals  smile 
today is good day 
i'm done for the semester!  took my last final this morning   that feels good!
just had the best lunch with one of my favorite people ever!  she is such an example to me     love you <propfemale> hatch!
"yes   my roommate and i were sick of having to get off the couch to turn our lights on and off as we were watching a movie, so we created a pulley system that turns off our lights and we don't have to get up at all!"
"two tests down, two more to go, and my roommates leaving   this has been a crazy week "
"i love pi day!  even though this week is going to be super stressful with 2 tests, 2 homework assignments due, science in the lounges to plan, and a bouncy ball drop to help with, how can i not be happy on pi day with geek week to look forward to?"
"20,000 bouncy balls   dropped!"
how do i bathe a fish? <propfirst> <propfirst> i'm talking to you   
i am soooo proud of my brother <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>!!!!  he just won regional science fair and gets to go on to international!  i'm going to tell anyone and everyone that will listen   love ya <propmale>!  congratulations   you deserve it!  laugh 
"a huge thank you to everyone that helped me get the goldwater!  especially to <propfemale> larson for her never-ending support, dr  peak for the encouragement, faith, and guidance, and most of all dr  <propfirst> l  larson for everything!  i can't think of a better advisor, mentor, or a better group of people to have on my team "
