741e68b3f55908b1b2497585b2652b09
happy new year!  start off great by doing something awesome!
yea for it being friday night!
back home    time for a nap and then tie to work!
"wondering about that interview, i hope i get it!!!!!!"
"yeah, christmas break!!!!!"
"yeah, my car is going to cost way too much, but i will make it!  somehow, it always seems to work out "
"i am really tired, and ready for christmas <propfemale> services to be over now "
"everyone, have a <propfemale> christmas! may you find joy, peace, and love, and share it with others!"
"so, do i have to wake-up   i need sleep!!!!!!!!"
"so, i shouldn't be frustrated, but when people who have no e playful ertise in some area where you have e playful ertise and they tell you what has to happen, that just pisses me off   good, that is off my chest now!"
"yes, it is time now to do the impossible  clean my room!"
it is finished    my room that is 
do i want to do anything today?            hell no!             but i'll do it anyways 
"now for some rest, ish "
"so, i think that it is time for bed, yo!"
"so, i do not want to practice, but i know i have to, so i am going to anyways!"
happy new year! party safely! do not drink and drive!
"so, yeah, school starts again tomorrow  i wish i had another month!"
"so, i think that i am going to do something different   i hope it works!"
"tired, but friendly!"
it is way to early for this!
"life is like a box of chocolates  you only eat the ones you like, then you give the rest away "
"i get to be up all night, but that is what i get for procrastinating!"
"glad it is the weekend! here soon, i will have a new batch of students  yes!"
"i think that tomorrow at about 10am, i am going to have a small party!  i will have new kids on tuesday! my stress is about to go way down!"
things to think about! what am i really to do? hmmmm        
"snow, snow, go away, and never come back because i hate you!"
naps are the greatest!
tired and a little frustrated
"so, is sleeping early on a saturday night a sin? hmmm      "
hmmm   how can people be so hateful?
do i have to?
i love pizza!
sleep
"do i really have to go to school early tomorrow morning? i wish students could figure things out on their own sometimes, instead of me leading them through  it is just tiring!"
dance it away!
i vote that nap-time should be mandatory!
the snow is leaving! at least for now  i will be sad when it comes back  sad 
i am tired   time for bed   good night!
"so go ahead and hate you neighbor  go ahead and cheat your friend  do it in the name of heaven, you'll be justified in the end  there won't be any trumpets blowin', on that judgement day  on the bloody morning after      one tin soldier rides away!"
"i want sugar, but am refusing to eat it! trying to keep my new years resolution in tact!"
the men the american public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth    h  l  mencken (1880 - 1956)
"not working on things i should be working on  well, guess i will have to work harder tomorrow!"
"tired, but accomplished (at least for now!) "
i need practice time! where will it come from! aahhhhhh!!!!!!!
"so, what to do? go to chi-town? hmm   we shall see!"
finally home   go colts   have way too much work to do!
grading sucks!
wish my arm would stop hurting! do not wish to go to a doctor tomorrow instead of making money 
yes! my first snow day!
too much to do    ahhhhhhh!
yes! i love s a d  (singles awareness day!)
"i am tired  i am sore  i am a little upset  but most of all, i enjoy playing the <propfemale> "
"have the night off, awesome!"
sounds like i am having a great and restful weekend! woot!
what do we want? procrastination! when do we want it?    next week 
"you know, as a musician, you would think i could understand artist  i don't!"
"so, i cannot procrastinate any longer  gotta get things done!"
tired   bed   hmmmm   zzzz    
"so, i may not have a job for this summer   any suggestions (all comments must be reasonable)?"
"i need to practice, because i have to be awesome!"
"tired, but feeling good!"
"do i have to?   but, but, but, i just don't wanna do it!"
"back in funcie muncie! aka, here to see ayriole!"
"going to chi-town, getting some bar-b-que! yes!"
finally applied to grad school! wish me luck!
"need to get out of elkhart, so i am going to chi-town! yes!"
"whoever thought that we should \change time\"" needs to be slapped! i hate loosing an hour!"""
"off to michigan, guess i like to travel a lot! hehe!"
"um, lonely in st  <propfirst>, but enjoying the break anyways between my rehearsals!"
ready to leave elkhart! i must go! i just have to little cash to do so! it sucks being poor!
"in the drive through, \i would like a mcchicken and a hot fudge sunday to go please \"" i am stupid! hehe!"""
"is needing to practice, because i have to do very, very well in less that 2 weeks!"
"i just tried to practice, and it kicked my ass!"
"tired, but good!"
"here in michigan, playing a concert! i love barber "
"i have got to practice, practice, practice, but i think that i deserve a small nap first!"
work to do! work to do! work to do! cannot have a day off!
"practiced a lot today, and i feel grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"i am trying to be ready for monday, but have tomorrow and sunday to jump through first! oh how things love to pile up!"
i just lost the game   damn it!
in chi-town! yes!
"audition went ok   some little mistakes on the brahms, but overall it was good  i will let you know when i know if i got in   cross your fingers!"
"i am tired, but had a great day! not so sure about tomorrow, which is the day before spring break! kids are going to be crazy!!!!!"
"have to clean the car today, and other than that, i am pretty much on break! woot!"
wish there was something to do in elkhart!
"happy easter! enjoy the weather (hopefully it is nice everywhere, it is ok here in indiana!) "
no motivation today! this has to change fast!
going to ohio to gets me a job! yahoo! tomorrow morning   that is!
"forgot to find a cantor for tomorrow, guess i have to do it! oooppss!"
"need a sub job, but don't want one! would like a day to just sit around and do nothing  but then i make no money  \welcome to life\""   """
"tired, but feeling good!"
taxes done   uncle <propfirst> has my money!
feels he is being pushed out before he is really not really available anymore 
"uh, too much stuff to do!"
"it is opera week at notre dame, and i am the only violist  isn't there a joke in there somewhere   ???"
"tired, long rehearsal, one impossible part (it cannot be played by one person!)  time for sleep   "
"i just received a letter of acceptance to vandercoiok college of music in their masters of music education and certification program! i am excited  chicago, here i come!"
"oh, opera parties are something to behold!"
"is thinking about what to do for an apartment next year  should he find a roommate (is this a good idea)? should he just get something cheap, even if it isn't the best? feel free to post your thoughts, because <propfirst> is a little clueless!"
going to a cookout! fun times!
"lots to do, but yet i feel that i can get it done!"
fixed the screen on my computer! taking a laptop apart is much different and more challenging than a desktop!
"wow, i have too much stuff! cannot believe how much i consolidated! and that was just what was in the attic! i still have to go through my room! wow!"
happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there! may your day be wonderful and blessed with showerings of love and appreciation!
needs more time    
"at camp, loving it, missing glee (which sucks!) "
tons of practicing    
"just heard on the radio that mcdonald's is recalling all of their shrek cups because of a toxin in the paint  they will be posting refunds online  as soon as i have the information, i will post it here  do not drink from these cups "
it is almost time for camp!
"i just put up my address for the summer, so if you feel inclined to send me something, do so!"
happy 4th of july!
hopefully get to see the parents today (yay! this is the only time i may get to see them till august!)
have my new motorola droid and i love it 
waiting for campers to arrive  the store is boring without them!
has been a relaxing day! i needed that!
thank you everyone for the wonderful b-day wishes! i had a great night win steak and buying a new outfit for the camp staff banquet! a good day overall!
it is awesome that prop  8 was overturned  may it continue as it goes through as it appealed  may justice be served 
in pittsburgh shopping with ayriole frost 
"so, my brake line to the back brakes of my car just started leaking   again! it was fixed 6 or 7 weeks ago  i could have been in a huge car accident because someone did not do their job correctly! i am pissed!"
"so, my brake line to the back brakes of my car just started leaking   again! it was fixed 6 or 7 weeks ago  i could have been in a huge car accident because someone did not do their job correctly! praise god ayriole and i are ok! i am pissed!\thank you also to my friend <propmale> <propmale>, who has been driving me around  i am not sure what i would have done without him "
waiting   that is all i can do!
"what to do, what to do? i feel busy already  i need a break!!!!! although, i am enjoying school and chicago thoroughly!"
"need a job   need my parking permit   need to do something, i am bored!"
"someone broke into my car today through the passenger seat window  they went through my whole car, but only took the change  it sucks that my window is broken, but i am glad all they took was my change  if anything, i feel very sorry for them that they did this, whether it be out of absolute need or out of malice  in any case, i am ok, my car is mostly ok, and i am not stressed about some change missing "
a little frustrated   they are just now working on grad plus loans   this means that i am not going to get any of my loans in until probably october   this is not good!
<propfemale> wood   you help me   anita <propmale>!
things are starting to look up   i am finally working on climbing that mountain instead of sliding down it!
did not think that looking for a job would be so difficult in chicago  there just is not anything out there that would make me enough money  what am i to do?
trying to load videos on youtube  didn't think it would take this long!
tons to do this weekend! such is life!
so   i need chocolate!
"today: homework, find a job, glee!!!!!"
"so, the job thing is still not looking good, but i am getting my homework done!"
"well, got most of my homework done, but still a lot to do  guess i will have to find a way to fit it in tomorrow!"
too long of a day  i will be sleeping here shortlyish!
"o, job, how i need thee!"
"tired, didn't finish what i needed to finish, and ready to go to sleep! i will be working really, really hard tomorrow!"
i am hoping that this latest job idea would work! it is exactly what i wanted in the first place 
"lots to do today! homework, homework, and more homework!"
really enjoyed glee!!! as always!
is it too late to watch a movie?
"have to write, write, write!"
"done with my percussion tech paper! yes! now, to study for the u s  history and government mid-term!"
"tired, it is time for bed, but i have <propfemale> much to do! hopefully time will fly and i will <propfemale>n be in bed!"
"tired, why am i still up!!!!"
"was glad to have a break, but tomorrow, it is back to work!"
is happy that he is getting <propfemale>'s food tonight!
i am tired!
what to do?
"motivation, i would like to be friends now!"
"staying inside, until 6 smile 0, then i am going to jenn wroblewski alvarez's apartment for dinner! i am excited!"
why would i touch her? she is covered in airplane germs 
"wow, again a day without motivation! i hope that i can get everything done that needs to be done this weekend!"
"at home, need to do homework, will try to get started! got a check today, and it was higher than e playful ected! i feel as if i had a good day!"
have to get orchestra 7 to 9 next semester! i really do not wish to be here at 10pm in the evening on wednesdays 
"i want to go to bed and am really tired, but i am not sleepy! this sucks!"
"slowly, motivaton is coming my way! keeping it up may not be easy though!"
"thanks to momma frost for everything! got my laundry done! <propfemale> wood, i give you my apologies and look forward to saturday!"
the iit alert is over according to iit security 
why is a <propfemale> like a lawsuit? everyone is happy when the case is closed 
this being cold at home is crap!
looking at random <propfemale> concertos that i have never heard of before! it is fun! i am a dork!
"going to hear the chicago philharmonic! if you are in near chicago and want to go, let me know! i will be driving up there!"
thinking about my kids from this summer and how much i miss them! i also miss all of my wonderful friends from camp mowana!
"ready for that motivation again! however, i did get some practicing done today!"
about to be gleeky!
is really happy!
"i dislike strongly the practice rooms at vandercook  they are too small and the sound is awful, making me sound awful, which in turn makes me not want to practice!"
"atlantis frost is so amazing, and so is lucian!"
"head hurts, body hurts, tired  i am not sure what is going on, but i hope that tomorrow i feel better!"
reading <propmale> potter fan fiction! there are some great stories out there!
great day learning about choral conducting! i am bored and wished i had something to do tonight though!
"nap in a little bit, then work, work, work!"
just made some delicious chili! what a wonderful thing to have on a coldish rainy night!
"oops, forgot to bring my  stuff to write essays this morning  guess that means i get a break instead!"
what's the difference between a chainsaw and a <propfemale>? you can't fake cutting down a tree 
you make the underflaps of my breasts burn!
"i am not one to just befriend someone on facebook! especially if we have never had a conversation in real life  seriously, we are not friends, because friends do activities together and talk  we have not done this, therefore, i am not your friend in real life or on facebook!"
bed!
"got my financial aid check, but it is not enough to cover everything  have to figure out what i am going to do! anyone know of a job in chicago?"
"need to get that research paper done, now for the motivation part!"
thinks that he will do fine on his paper!
"on <propfemale> 3 1 2 of 6, just gotta keep going!"
4 1 2 pages of 6  will write the rest tomorrow morning   i need rest because i have work to do tomorrow as well 
paper finished!
"i enjoy how they group the \friends on chat\"" section  i am usually surprised at who is where according to the pictures """
they look like baby seals  - <propfemale>
a blender full of nutrition  -<propfemale>
is there such thing as being too gleeky?
sometimes i wonder how i could be so dumb!
is glad that there is not school today! i need a break!
"eating dinner, getting ready for church tonight for a thanksgiving <propfemale> service, then off to see ayriole!"
"currently, nothing is happening on facebook! just thought i would share "
i am completely thankful for all of my family and friends  i would never have made it to this point without your love and support  have a great day!
busy week   too much to do   not able to be social     sad 
"got some good stuff done today, but am going to have to continue to work hard in order to get the rest of this done!"
"second verse, same as the first!"
"need to rest so that i can work tomorrow! i hate winter, it is just depressing!"
"first part of a final this morning! i know that i still have a lot to do, but the semester is less than a week from being over "
babysitting my cute little nephew <propmale>!
"i am so happy that my portfolio is coming together! still have a lot to do to make it great, but i am excited that it is getting done well "
just remembered that i could ask for an extension for my portfolio until thursday! that makes my finals week soooo much better!
"i have to be up early, so why i am up again?"
"totally finishing up my 1st small essay paper  i still think i need a break, but i think i need to \just keep swimming!\"" hehe"""
"papers done, world music to study, 4 hours of practice in, i am doing great!"
"things are wrapping up quickly! i still feel as if i have too much to do, even if school is over!"
done!
is drained   it has been a long 1 1 2 weeks   nothing got done today   it just was what it was 
"ok, off towards bed  good night all!"
"have a rehearsal in michigan, then going home for the night! pretty much busy all weekend, but please feel free to text me, and if i am free (i have some freetime), i will make sure to call!"
home at last!
someone beat me to the punch!
"it is sunday night, and i am bored!"
trying to figure out what i am going to do for the next few moments!
stop chuckin' my wood you woodchucks!
damn being awake before the alarm!
at the <propmale>  sweet!
\ you're a teen mommy  you are treiler trash where i come from\,741e68b3f55908b1b2497585b2652b09,i'm pissed!
what to do?
"i need to get much work done today on my audition material   altough i am tired, i am going to work up a recording each day  i must go do this as soon as possible   i know this is contrived, but it was based on my top ten words of 2010!"
"ah, angry birds, why do you entice me so!?"
has more than he thought he had!
thinking about going to get something chocolately! what do you think?
brownies that are warm are just the best in the world!
"brownie, then housework   call me if you wish to talk!"
"home, but not ready for bed   what to do?"
<propfemale> christmas all! hope you have a wonderful day!
hmm   not sure what to think 
get to travel home through lake effect snow! how exciting!
"sleeping   'tis what i should be doing! however, christmas break ruined that schedule  glad i do not have to be at school until 12!"
day 2: only 2 classes today! unfortunately they are separated by 4 1 2 hours 
day 3: feel like crap   forgot to pack a lunch   not sure what to do   guess it will be <propfirst> johns today 
i'm tired of treading upstream   i just need my money so i can live! this is completely frustrating that i get the shaft while other students are just revered  wtf? i am so sick of it   almost literally!
just don't know what to think! hope i make it again!
widor 6 is the best!
"ah, mahler, one of the great orchestral writers of all time!"
"tired, but not sleepy!"
watching constantine    hanging with lucian   life is great!
tomorrow is going to be a long day!
a solution may be in the making!
"i hate being emotional, especially when there is no reason to be that way!"
"so, i think that i could care less about the bears vs  packers game! i would rather practice, do homework, enjoy a movie, eating tons of chocolate, and the list goes on!"
"so, i feel that our president wanted to make ground and peace with all, democrat or republican, or even independant, and the republicans response was against him wanting to help cut spending and government, which is what they want  does this make sense to anyone!"
"facebook question of the day!: so, can you say orchestrated if it is an arrangment of a choral piece for band? like, \this choral piece is orchestrated for band \"" what is your opinion?"""
"why am i still here? oh, well!"
tired   long day   hope that everybody decides to do well in ensembles this semester!
how can we skype if you are not online!
i am ok with the storm as long as i don't loose power and i get a few extra hours to sleep in!
no school=i don't have to take my test tomorrow!
"snow is fine, as long as i don't have to go out into it! guess tomorrow will be fun!"
"you know, when i have a fire under my ass i can accomplish great things  maybe i should make sure there is a fire  under my ass more often!"
"i hated the half-time show, it was the worst ever!"
damn snow keeps piling up  i hate snow  are you here yet spring? i want you now!
"tired   but, ready for glee!"
"oh, and my car is finally dug out! yay! now, i just need gas to drive it!"
what a night!
tired   but ready to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> schlaf!
way too many performances for one weekend! i am tired!
"happy <propfirst>'s day! even though i am single, i plan to share my love! so should you!"
long day! valentines delivered! still single!
"who wants bieber fever! not me! the song from rent was the best, and bieber fever has to go!"
"my serpentine belt broke on my car! i had to wait 2 1 2 hours for the tow truck  however, i am mostly just tired!"
interesting glee this evening!
i need chocolate!
i love when i go to the store e playful ecting to pay a ton of money and in the end paying much less!
just got a hug from a stranger on the subway for helping her find the t j  <propmale> on state street!
"damn civic audition excerpts! you are tough, but i will beat you!"
i need to stop staying up late! this being tired throughout the day thing is just not good!
this trumpet thing just isn't working out!
"well, my audition is tomorrow! guess there really isn't much more i can do to prepare, so time to rest! (however, i plan on being on facebook for a little while longer! it is still a little too early for bed!)"
"my audition went really well today! i am happy with my results! as soon as i know anything, i'll make sure to post!"
wants today to be over already! he needs rest!
i need a plate and a fork!
class gets out a half-hour early! yay!
"when everything is going well, sewage decides to dispose of itself into my apartment!"
