ebce92dea8767958b0d9327c8c1ed374
i dont want to go to school tomorrow!!!!
im sooo tired  im glad its almost thanksgiving break
its thanksgiving!!!!
just had my first snow ball fight of the new year with <propfemale>   smile 
i just got my morp dress  smile 
im goin to morp tonigh hopefully it will be fun
goin to the basketball game!!!!
i got my nose pierced  wink 
"one love, one heart let's get together and feel all right- <propmale> marley    oh yes"
i'm digging my way to something better  i'm sowing the seeds i take for granted  this thorn in my side is from the tree i planted  and it tears me and i bleed- metallica
ive decided to start playing the cello  smile 
dang the weather was pretty awesome    cant wait for summer
"just got back from oklahoma to get our new puppy, going to florida tomorrow, im so excited  laugh "
still in florida having fun    i guess i come back wed 
"i got stung by three jelly fish at the beach today haha, i still love florida tho  smile "
im talkin to tha coolest person ever    chell!!! lol
and in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make       
i finally got my nose repierced  smile 
so <propfemale> is gunna be at my house till sunday   this is guna be fun
i love you <propfemale>!!
"craziest game ever was hit in the head and blacked out, have a puck shaped welt on my butt and got two penaltys i could have died haha i love hockey"
finally won a game!!! we did pretty awesome
"come gather 'round people ,wherever you roam,and admit that the waters ,around you have grown, and accept it that soon, you'll be drenched to the bone, soif your time to you, is worth savin', then you better start swimmin', or you'll sink like a stone, for the times they are achangin' "
"everyone has so  much to say, they talk talk talk their lives away  dont even hesitate"
"how do people take pleasure in listening to music sang by stuck up people that cant see anything past themselves \fly like a g6\"" really??? thats just a dicrace and an insult to what music can be"""
go banshees!!!! thanks for coming everyone!!! super fun game  hockey is amazing!!!
never trusing anyone with scissors near my hair again
don't kissing booths count as prostitution
