250f1436a0ba327a9ee9a05fc427f7dd
to church soon   smile   i need some more coffee 
another amazing day!  laugh   except <propfirst> like owned me and brawl and then at kerplunk   -_-
doesn't feel very good  ):
 annoyed 
i'm tired  =p
"is it possible to, y'know, die from boredom?"
i'm   so   bored 
there's nothing on tv!
"i just touched my sister's sunburn, and it turned white for like two minutes!  but she kidna started screaming    x x"
physics 
isn't in the best mood 
done with physics games   gonna go watch tv 
"i was watching saved by the <propfemale>, and there were two bars of music written on the chalkboard behind the characters, so instead of listening to what they were saying, i was singing the music   laugh   is that too nerdy?"
goodness gracious!  physics games!
"you rein, your rein   <propfemale> in the highest, you rein "
mellophone sectionals?  aye or nay?  (none of the section leaders are gonna be there this week)
"\it is the lord who goes before you  he will be with you; he will not fail you or forsake you  do not fear or be dismayed \"" (deuteronomy 31: smile """
is most definitely a boredom eater 
my arm hurts     and my phone sucks 
frustrated 
worries too much 
 smile   much better 
gets to be with him today   laugh 
i figured out a way to get my mind off things:  do math problems in my head   laugh 
"i think along with the 'become a fan' thing, there should also be a 'i hate this' button   or a 'kill a fan' button    smile "
's air conditioner stopped working   ughhh 
everyone knows women always have the last say in an arguement   what a man says after that is the beginning to a new arguement 
it's hot   and i'm bored 
"if i didn't love him so much, i would've killed him by now "
it's   so    hot 
"so, my left arm hurts like really bad     and the left side of my chest hurts a little too    ugh "
amazing time with <propfirst> and his family    smile   golfing isn't as easy as it looks 
"the lord will roar from zion and thunder from jerusalem; the earth and the sky will tremble  but the lord will be a refuge for his people, a stronghold for the people of <propmale>  --<propfirst> 3:16"
"come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and i will give you rest  take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for i am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls  for my yoke is easy and my burden is light  (<propfirst> 11: 28-31)"
bored until around 6 
happier than i've been in a long time    smile   we were both young when i first saw you      laugh 
is a <propmale> more than slightly frustrated   playful 
my pinky's still swollen!   surprise   bad pinky!
wonders if there is a koobecaf com     to make people who read backwards go to that site instead of facebook    hmmmm 
"and if all my dreams come true, i'll be spendin' time with you!  oh, i love you more today than yesterday   but not as much, as tomorrow!  (i just neraly burned my <propmale> noodles!)"
is very impatient 
"love, love, love   all you need is love    smile "
i am stuck on band-aid brand 'cause band-aid's stuck on me!  (nothing to do all day )
"<propmale> turner: hey guys, what's new? ; [cosmo lights candles under water] ; wanda: the laws of physics "
boring day 
yay for mmos   smile 
bored 
ready for father's day to be over 
charge your phone  -_-
ughh 
missing him crazy    and his phone's dead    i think 
frustrated isn't the word for it 
ffdjaskf 
we have a new kind of relationship    laugh   abc family is gonna get shot in the face 
i've fallen and i can't get up!
"\good morning world and all who inhabit it! ahhhh!\""  -  sponge <propmale> """
i had a dream i was an airforce bomber     o o
plans for tonight canceled  ):
not a wonderful day at the least   probably to <propfemale> garden when the folks get home 
so   i was eating some calamari and something popped into my head:  why is squidward and octopus?!
i hate this feeling 
"it's   so   early   i hate sectionals     ugh   hanging with <propfirst> this afternoon, though   smile "
burned my face   stupid sun!  going with <propfirst> later    smile 
"i can't decide if i'm more mad then i am worried, or more worried than i am mad "
"so, i overreacted     for like the millionth time ever   oops    laugh "
high-fives <propfirst> jennings 
"so, i now officially love how bi-polar texas weather is!  it's like, cool and rainy, and it was 103 degrees less than an hour ago   i love the rain "
sleepeh   may crash early tonight 
nothing is more powerful than my god 
fiesta texas this weekend    laugh 
"i had an amazing time, but now i'm a little frustrated "
just realized something:  i can type heck-a fast 
so i'm not leaving till 8 smile 0 tomorrow night!  i get to sleep then entire way!  laugh 
ugh 
is probably gonna end up not being able to sleep tonight 
is actually not stressed out today   smile   to fiesta texas tonight!
by his light i walked through darkness  (job 29 smile )
now i'm a little stressed   but not too much   preparing for a challenging week and weekend   especially weekend 
"is hungry, and has had a long day    playful "
"about to leave to drop the girls off, then coming home to finish packing, and then leaving for san <propfirst> "
why is it i always do things slower when i'm in a hurry?
"leaving soon     my phone won't work when i get to san <propfirst>, but i have a different phone i'll call people on   talk to ya'll monday "
is shaking 
should've never checked facebook 
my head hurts  -_-
is updating     i'm so bored 
wants a phone i can check my facebook on  -_-
can't remember the last time i've been so worried 
and if we just keep digging we can reach the foundation of our souls 
is just here 
why can't anything ever go as planned?   playful 
today sucks 
la-de-day 
parents turn the internet off at 10   playful   la-de-day 
-_-
peach festival in the morninggggg    laugh dd  and then hanging with <propfirst>   smile   at cousin's now 
and i can't get my mind off of youuuu   ladedaaa 
is having trouble uploading a video   playful 
"ah, screw it   stupid video   playful   'night everybody "
up again in 6 hours 
loves being happy 
"remember when i said i loved being happy?  well, i hate being upset more than i love being happy "
wants to know why i can never sleep in 
my cat just bit me   playful 
is completely blah 
this is not a good early birthday present  ):
"was born exactly sixteen years, three hours, and thirty eight minutes ago "
"i want some freaking jolly ranchers      mixed with sour gummy worms      and some starburst!  ohohoh, and a big, humongous double chocolatey chip frappacino from starbucks   "
bored 
got a new phone   with bluetooth!  laugh   it's amazing 
is having a bad day 
 playful 
loves baseball    surprise 
has band tomorrow   and has eaten way too much pizza  ):
is enjoying band camp   smile   lovelovelove it  evening block @ penningtonnnn   laugh 
thank goodness of doctor appointments and step-dads 
mello party tonight   laugh   and is in a really good mood     odd   laugh 
 annoyed   yaaayy 
"has anyone ever noticed that all popcorn bags say to not use the popcorn button on the microwave, but all mcrowaves have the popcorn button?"
"thinks someone should get home from football already   playful   anddd, i'm too lazy to check the website:  brass sectionals tomorrow?"
doesn't get on facebook much   playful  and slept through three outta five classes today   smile 
"whoohooo!  straight a's, babbby   even if i do doze off sometimes   laugh "
everybody has wants a waterbuffalo    (i'm not sure which one it is   playful )
everybody's got a waterbuffalo!  laugh 
facebook needs to stop telling me i'm amazing   playful   it's starting to get a bit uncomfortable 
i can't decide on a profile picture   playful 
"my chair right now is a laundry basket filled with stuff     and i've been sitting on it for like, four hours   my butt hurts  ):"
"is happy   smile   spend time with <propfirst>, and now i'm going to bed   laugh "
pizza pheast at <propfemale> tonight  i'm not sure if i'm excited or not   playful 
lazy day   finally   smile 
getting my contacts today!  laugh 
is very bored   playful 
cut her hair!  laugh 
is not gonna be able to sleep 
i don't know how to change my language back to normal english! d: ugh 
nevermind   smile 
would like to announce the band was completely energy-less at the parade   that was an illusion   smile 
"shower, then <propfirst>, then sleep  yay!  laugh "
"didn't feel good, so got to go home early "
the reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yore when the engines were pulled by horses  the horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases 
my day totally just started sucking   bad 
i didn't have any homework   surprise   it's amazing!
 playful  'tis all 
"that wasn't all   i lied   playful   just kidding   it actually was all   laugh   (i'm really, really bored )"
<propfirst> changed my language back to regular english   playful   pirate all the way!  smile 
can't wait for indy!  laugh   i'm so freaking excitedd 
was in love with the woodlands' show this year   smile 
vids from the bus trip back on youtube   smile 
right here waiting -- <propfirst> <propfemale>   me and <propfirst>'s song   smile   i freakin' love it 
goodbye l  d  <propfemale>  ):
is sleepy 
when did youtube get advertisements in the middle of the playlist?!  the world is gonna esplode   surprise 
misses her friends  ): already! d:  iannn!jennae!)):
"love is a fire  but whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell   -  <propfirst> crawford"
why on earth would you have a football game at 11 a m ?  surprise 
"going to <propfirst>'s football game today    at eleven in the morning   you would think that all the football players would be falling over because their too tired to play    playful   but i'm excited, nonetheless     long post   laugh "
"football game was funn   it was freaking intense   no, you know what it was, frizzing legit   wink "
very good day   smile   fo sho 
it's   really   hot  ugh 
"if you swim across the rio grande to the united states, but have a legal passport and all the paperwork and crap you need in a waterproof bag, is it still illegal?"
my boyfriend's in the air force  what is yours doing?  working at wal-mart? (;
first day of new school   playful   yuck   i went from a blue raider to a fighting farmer 
"lhs is huge!  but the band kids all loved me, and were really nice   laugh "
is at <propfirst>'s house   smile 
"i dare you to close your eyes a moment; think about everything you possibly can, bother yourself until you're almost to tears, and then scream out for god "
solos suck     concerto no  3 in e flat whatever is even worse than a regular solo   playful 
i got <propfirst>'s christmas gift   smile   finally 
i'd really like to know why i've started liking country since i started dating <propfirst>     playful 
<propfirst>'s family got me a rascal flatts cd for christmas    and i can't stop listening to it   smile 
naps with my love are wonderful   smile  getting all the time i can before he leaves tuesday 
"2nd band, babeeeh   smile  i've gotten pretty dang good now that i don't have the pressure of l  d  <propfemale> on my shoulders "
"ohohoh   2nd band, for one   smile   anddd awesome-tastic air force informative meeting on wednesday   laugh   yaaaaaayyyyyy military!  laugh   and another thing     i might be at <propfemale> around 4 thursday, guys   smile "
"so, yesterday was the most interesting day of my life   like, seriously "
"if <propfemale> doesn't stop playing her oboe i'm going to burn it   and by burn it, i mean put it in a barrel of c4 and then light the barrel on fire     and then whatever is left of it, i'm going to shoot with an m16   by the way "
"i hate when teenagers tell their parents they don't know what it's like, or it's different from when they were teenagers  maybe the situations were somewhat different, but their feelings weren't  and for the most part, your grandparents were more strict on your parents than your parents are on you  and 'hating' them doesn't help  respect your elders; they know more than you do "
"obama is about to give a speech about how great the state of the union is   with our economy, crime, war, and his approval rate dropping, i have to wish our president the best of luck  so, even as a republican, best of luck mr  president "
"\i'm still a guy\"" is definitely mine and <propfirst>'s song   go look it up   smile   <propmale> paisley """
"\i am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination  imagination is more important than knowledge  knowledge is limited  imagination encircles the world \"" - <propfirst> einstein"""
"don't tell me there is no god   if there is no god, where does emotion sprout from?  many would try to argue it is birthed from the brain; a stimulus of electrodes connecting and disconnecting    but, had there not been a god to give us these brain cells, what would we have?  how does such evolve from nothingness?"
"heeeey l  d  bellies: will y'all let me know if y'all have president's day, the 15th, off?"
"i was going to think of something witty and completely aphorism-like to say     but i'm lazy and it's saturday   so, enjoy y'allselves!   laugh "
"\i can't wait till i'm old   then i can have an old guy in my life   smile \"" - <propfemale> """
"i know i'm supposed to be a christian and pray for the people i don't like, but it's really difficult when i have to watch some arrogant teenager tell a teacher, who had recently had a loved one die, that they enjoy seeing her mess up   that happened tuesday "
"i was on cbs 11 news at 4!  laugh  so now all of north texas knows \we're not a healthy family; we don't eat carrots \""   smile """
iiiiii had a good day   smile   and my hair's short!  and i love joeyyyy 
"i want to become a fan of \i hate it when my band director blames only me for doing everything wrong \""  playful """
"it's interesting to me how people can assume hatred on sight   many humans of sound mind would look at someone else, and would find nothing but the differences from themselves  how they could simply show hostility because the other being has different colored skin, religion, or ideals seems, to me, the reason this world is falling into a battlefield of doubt and a pool of hopelessness  -- me, of course   smile "
solo and ensemble today   i'm gonna fail   playful 
"it is hard to fall into true love, especially after heartbreak and mistreatement from male relatives, but when one does, no matter the doubts or the difficulty, it will last forever   happy 3 days till half-year anniversary, <propfirst>, dear   smile "
"you got me hooked on country, you got me hooked on trying to be a better person, you got me hooked on cowboy boots and trucks, and, more importantly, you got me hooked on you   smile "
date with <propfirst> tomorrow evening   smile   i'm excited 
"happy half-year, darlin'   smile "
and i miss you again 
 annoyed 
i can't wait till the saturday before spring break is over   smile   doesn't that sound weird?
"i love the way you <propmale> me when i run away from you, and pick up up and put me over your shoulder and <propfemale> me back so i can't run away anymore   and i love how when i tell you to leave, you just stare into my eyes and hold me closer  i love you, <propfirst> dear   smile "
it's spring break   and i wake up at eight o'clock 
i don't think i could ever live without you; i miss you after just one day of being apart 
"i just realized i hate motorcycles   i used to just dislike them for personal reasons, but now, it is pure hatred   why?  they are heavy, and in no way should one try to push them into a garage without any knowledge of the vehicle   also, do not ever attempt if you have a family that does not work out alot, and the oldest daughter's boyfriend is in tennessee "
"i used to love band   i used to look forward to band   i used to wake up in the morning for band practice and not completely hate it   now, i find band an annoyance   a simple part of my life that seems to me like an unnessesary hobby that i truely do not care for   and, honestly, i find those who obsess over band like i once did obnoxious; unknowing of the world of having a life, unless their band is worth being so "
wednesday will be an amazing day 
ten bottles of water before 10 o'clock    laugh   we're a betting couple 
three more to go  ugh 
found out that you can actually die from drinking too much water   i was a gallon away   laugh 
he's coming back today!  laugh dd
i have finally figured out why more women than men seem to be ambidextrous:  women have to paint their fingernail on both hands 
i really want to watch titanic right now   annoyed 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh wrmebr8w-c
<propfirst> jennings and her family are the <propfemale>'s knees   laugh 
"if i went to pennington field right now, i could probably remarch the entire show from this year because of my memory   but that's not my realization   my realization is that i actually couldn't do this, because marching season over = lack of excersize "
"i burned my fingers on a glue glun, and it hurt like nothing else   playful   i couldn't even sleep   it was great "
http annoyed  www wimpyourself com ?w=903c3f3160b38398e5519e7 laugh 
<propfemale> kicked me in the face   it was awesome   playful 
"oh no   my sister's becomming a teenager, and i'm getting out of that rediculous mess of insanity   life, as we know it, is doomed "
i have a question:  why are sad country songs so dang addicting?
<propfemale> was almost a frog killer 
<propfirst> and i are going to look at prom dresses saturday   he's more picky about colors than i am   laugh 
"holy is the lord, god almighty "
"i never thought i'd say that i missed <propfemale>   but, i really do   especially band wise   i missed when my directors were involved with what i was doing, and i actually enjoyed band "
"my prom dress just came back from the cleaners!  laugh   it's gorgeous, y'all   smile "
i reall do miss l  d  <propfemale>     but at least iiii don't have school on a saturday!  laugh 
yay for new profile pics!  laugh 
i love my dear <propfirst>   smile 
"nose hairs, washing hair, and putting on man mascara   laugh "
congrats <propfemale> robinson!   laugh   <propfirst>'s one lucky guy!
duck pond with my baby today   smile   my favorite place to go with him 
"god bless you please, mrs  robinson, heaven holds a place for those who pray "
"they tell me my god does not exsist   but, how then, do you e playful lain the way the clouds are painted in the sky?  or the way the colors of a sunset reflect upon every part of nature, making it so perfectly beautiful?  or how one falls into love? these cannot be created by a burst of atoms in space, but by the greatist artist in exsistence:  god himself "
<propmale> field trip tomorrow!  i'm excited   especially since my table in that class is amazing   laugh 
"age is an issue of mind over matter  if you don't mind, it doesn't matter  - <propfirst> twain"
to all who are going to <propfemale>'s band banquet -- take lots of pictures and tell everybody hi for me   laugh 
"i started school earlier than everyone because of h-e-b, i get out later than everyone because of lisd   this sucks   playful   i get out on june 10th! > sad "
two weeks 
good day ahead of me   smile 
feels like puking 
"it is better to have loved and lost, than to never have loved at all   and although the pain seems to ache in every part of the body, there is time to heal, and a god to rest your head upon with weary eyes "
it's so much harder to say you don't care when you do 
"it's confusing   but, actually, not in a bad way   smile "
 laugh d
"gets to sit in an auditorium for, like, 4 hours!  laugh      laugh "
 annoyed 
"tomorrow's the last full day of school    smile   thursday's a half-day, and i get to see <propfirst>!  laugh   i'm excited "
half-day tomorrow   <propfirst> tomorrow     extra amazing day   smile 
"<propfirst> justice tomorrow   muy bien!  laugh        i would say it in <propmale>, but i don't know how   laugh "
the way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost  - <propmale> k  chesterton
"i won't forget 9 11   i won't forget what they did to our country   i won't forget the men that have died for me   support our troops, or get the heck out of our country "
"nrh2o, nrh2o, nrh2o, the place i want to go, go!  laugh   witttthhhh <propfirst>, his mom, and chelsy!  laugh "
gotta love bein' in love with a future <propfemale>   oorah!  smile 
"and i bet you didn't know, under that live oak, my favorite dog is buried in the yard "
it's amazing how much you can change in two years   looking through old pictures is fun 
"facebook just told me to reconnect with <propfirst> powers   i don't think that's gonna happen for another seven years, facebook   laugh "
"rearranging furniture is difficult, especially when it's only two not very strong girls   laugh "
i love finding stuff you thought you threw away years ago 
i have curlers in my hair so it'll be curly tomorrow  <propfirst> justice really doesn't know the pain i go through to be beautiful for him   laugh 
freaking facebook won't let me upload pictures  > sad 
they're uploaded now   i had to do it one at a time   playful 
"<propfirst> justice took me rock climbing on friday     we found something else he's better at, not to mention i found out he trusts me with anything except letting him down   laugh "
"my birthday's in about a month, and i have a sucky phone   hmm   "
you inspire me   smile 
<propfemale> powers's cat is going to e thrown out if she doesn't get rid of these dang fleas!
"oh triangle, oh triangle, where have you gone?"
"i had the most amazing day of my life   smile   went fishing, ate out, ice skating, movies, bass pro, duck pond    i, officially, have the best man ever  there is no arguement or exceptions "
<propfemale> is a virtue     a virtue that i lack   playful 
dude!
i've decided you're not allowed to leave 
i just totally broke open <propfemale>'s old diary   laugh 
"i want to go back to all my friends from when i was little   i want to return to when life was simple   when i wasn't thinking about college or where my life will be headed after this year   let me go back   let me go back to when all we wanted was kool aid, not alcohol; pixi sticks not cigarettes   take me back, lord, take me back   (it kinda sounds lyrical!  laugh )"
"dear texas, it's too hot "
"i'm here without you, baby "
this is probably a bad idea     buuuut:  like this status and i'll write some things i like about you or a fun memory together on your wall    smile   i feel like i'm following the pack   dang peer pressure!
missing someone sucks   playful 
this week has made me a nervous wreck 
i'm ready for 8 or 8 smile 0 tomorrow  ):
thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes!  laugh   i love you all!  smile 
"getting my new phone tomorrowww   smile   i miss my <propfemale>, though  ):"
waitin' for saturday!  smile 
whoa 
i don't know how i'm gonna get my schedule for this year   i'm a smart senior   playful 
"welcome to abercrombie, where we have sizes small, xtra-small, balemic, and anorexic   and everything's overpriced "
"<propfemale> just told me she needed me  ),:"
<propfemale> powers now says she wants my love    her and <propfirst> should fight!  laugh 
"i can't wait till <propfemale> powers calls in a few years and tells me a guy dumped her so <propfirst> justice can knock down the front door with a gun and yell, \where is he?!\"""""
the truck is gone  ):
"had it not been for you, i would never have been me "
"i would like to say     i love my relationship with <propfirst>, and i love him   smile   not to mention i'd like to brag about our awesomeness   laugh "
i'm hungry   playful 
i dyed muh harr   playful 
if my counselor doesn't give me that schedule change    > sad 
i get out at 2 and i got my senior shirt   booyah!  laugh 
"ranger's game tomorrow night   smile   and, to all the people at <propfemale> i was good friends with, i really miss you guys   i'll make sure to come to a game!  smile "
<propfirst> is going to be the greatest ring bearer ever! and i will serve punch!  laugh 
schooolll      i hate school     at least i get out at 1:53   playful 
"i love fridays   not because of high school football, or pep rallies, but i get to skip all of that and leave school at 1 smile 0 to <propfemale> out with <propfirst>   smile "
"almost a year   for real?  smile  ya, i think <propfemale> "
six flags sundaaayyy!  smile  then anniversary monday   best labor day weekend ever   smile 
"family pictures tonight   i'm actually excited, because the last one i looked el horrribley   playful "
"six flags, six flags, i wanna go to six flags   laugh "
"breathe in, take a step back, look at what you have, then react   it's harder than it looks   smile "
"so, central park is totally flooded   like, it's rediculous   i would go swim in it, except for the fact that i'd probably get every disease known to man plus some   p s   cutting in line for lunch was cool in jr  high, but when eight people all swarm in where one person's standing, it's just annoying "
pre-cal will be the death of me 
"if you don't support our troops, get out of our country   no questions or exceptions "
"in honor of the lives lost in 9 11, i pray god is watching over their families on the 9th anniversary of the tragic event    love "
i love talking to old friends   love  too bad i have no friends here   playful 
"\i don't even have a boyfriend and i already have a ton of guy problems! argh!\"" - <propfemale> powers"""
i'm 17   and i still can't stay on the internet past ten   lame 
"i just beasted my pre-cal homework   who listened in class?  oh yeah, that would be me   smile "
facebook needs to hurry up and make my baby   playful 
"<propfirst> grimm!!  laugh dd he made an \ surprise \"" face   smile """
<propfirst> is awesome!  smile 
i'm am very sleepy   playful 
"it's funny to look at those people you knew in elementary school now; especially the ones that think they're the coolest, bad as on earth   playful "
"you know those people who you just really wanna tag in pictures of you being happy to piss them off?  yeah, me too   smile "
"i gave up caffine, guys   i know you won't believe it, but i did   since late sunday night "
senior pictures?  complete   i hope i don't look too rediculous   smile 
saturdayyy   smile 
<propfirst> is the most awesome-azing-tastic boyfriend ever!  laugh 
cant wait for this weekend   smile  and 10 smile 0 
i'm in english   laugh  i think this is pretty beast 
anyone wanna text me some ringtones?  smile 
watching <propfirst> and <propfirst> play flag football  at least jessies here   playful 
im at church!  laugh 
i cant wait for the fair tommorow   smile  @<propfirst> justice and i have never gone before 
<propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> powers
hahahaha  i meant to put my name into google and i accidently put it on facebook   smile 
i hate <propfirst> traffic 
argh  traffic 
no state fair for us  ): darn traffic!
"i'll keep my guns, freedom, and money, you can keep the \change\"" """
where is <propfemale>'s game this friday? i'm planning on coming   smile 
change of plans  going to the coppell v  southlake game friday   smile 
i am so tired of not being able to drive  > sad 
<propfirst> brought me pink roses at school today!  smile 
"<propfemale> highschool trojans, euless, tx, what are their colors? slap bet with <propfirst> "
whats the score?
favre still has it!  smile 
"hurry up, june 11th "
mmm    <propfemale> garden   smile 
amazing date with my handsome <propfirst> justice   smile 
driving schhol next month; need to get a job soon; laast year of highschool    growing up  what a concept 
i hate mispelling words in my statuses   playful 
why's everyone admitting things?  playful 
"hey <propfemale>, next time log off your facebook or im gunna change your language to spanish   smile "
i hate magic acts 
come on rangers!!
that's what i'm talking about! rangers win!
the umpire's making crappy calls  > sad 
i hope the rangers win tonight!
cut their pitcher's hair! that'll ruin his game!
):
my egnlish class got dramatic today   two girls were yelling and cussing at each other   laugh 
i can't find the antler's up song anywhere  ):
the weather's perfect   smile 
anyone know a good place to go that's not two hours away?  that i've never been?  playful 
the weekend can't get here soon enough 
"we gotta clean our butts off tonight; good thing, too, i've wanted to lose some weight   smile "
chelsy cut my hair  it looks pretty awesome   smile 
totally missed my friends from <propfemale>   smile  going to ihop now witht them!
<propfirst> justice makes me smile more than ever   smile 
thanks to all our veterans and current military!  smile 
i wanna learn how to cook 
ferbies  o o
british accent <propfirst>  he can really make me laugh   smile 
i really need to get out of bed     playful  congrats <propfemale>! wish i coulda been there too!
"finally in driver's <propmale>  and so far, i'm bor<propmale> as heck   playful "
i'm the oldest in this darn class  geeze 
my middle name on my birth certificate is spelled different then my social security card   playful 
vacation next week! i'll be happy to have some pure relaxation   smile 
getting my permit this morning   smile  finally! and thank the lord it's friday  alll next week off   smile 
"despicable me (dollar movies), mama's pizza (amazing!) with my darling tomorrow  too bad i also have driver's <propmale> "
it's in the 70s in late november   i want it in the 40s   playful 
"north korea, i'm gonna punch you in the face "
arkansas tomorrow!
on my way home   smile 
back to school  oh no  ):
i hate this class   playful 
"if i had a funnier voice, was very skinny, kind of tall, and wasn't totally in love with <propfirst>, i'd totally be <propfemale>   smile "
i decided every day i'm gonna post somethiing on my bucketlist  today's: learn to fly and airpane   smile 
i really want taco bueno   laugh 
i think all men need to have a little chip implanted in their brain so when they forget something their women can remind them without saying anything   smile 
<propfirst> says coppell's beating <propfemale>  this cannot be possible   surprise 
almost done with class   smile  then gonna see my fiance'!
"great day with my wonderful fiance', <propfirst>   smile "
"men only like transformers 2 because of <propfemale> fox  if they looked passed her chest, they might notice a mediocre movie, not an amazing one "
"i guess i'll do this crazy number thing   smile  so, send me a message with a number, and i'll write about ya "
"dear everyone that sent me a number, i'll do it whenever i have an actual computer   smile "
i like kitna alot better than romo   smile 
and the reason is you 
my sister got me church's chicken today   and it was magically delicious   smile 
last day till christmas break tomorrow   smile   and a lock in tomorrow night! whahoo!  laugh 
5 days till christmas!  smile 
4 days till christmas!
chesly took amazing pictures of <propfirst> and i!  smile  go check 'em out 
chesly took amazing pictures of <propfirst> and me!  smile  go check 'em out 
played guitar hero almost all day   smile  quite lovely 
paranormal activity two  ):
that was a terrible idea  no more movies like that!
i love my bible   smile 
"yeah, i'm still up "
happy christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas!  laugh 
"toodaloo christmas 2010   by this time next year, life will be alot different - in a good way   smile "
great day   smile  red
great day   smile   red is still an awesome movie!*
"if you take my entire family (cousins, aunts and uncles, parents, y'know) then add <propfirst>'s entire family (same kind of people) that needs to be one big bootie church   we've decided april 2012, but it's still in the processing department "
i hate <propfemale> recruiters 
to say i'm going to miss you is a huge understatement 
"but mooommmyy, i don't want want to go to school today    i wanna stay home and bake cookies with youu "
i've had a cold for a weeek  ):
"i need my own car, so i can control the radio   playful "
northeast mall with my wonderful <propfirst>   smile  haven't been here in a while 
i hate apartment gates  and radios that don't play good music at one in the morning 
whiskey lullaby  listen to it  now  it's one of the best saddest songs ever 
last full day with my love for 3 months  ):
he's off to bootcamp  i'll hear from him next by letter in about two weeks 
88 days  the countdown begins   love 
87  love 
"i wish i could know what you were doing at this moment, and that you could know how much i miss you "
86  love 
i sware the days are getting longer 
85  love 
"i am proud to serve in my own way   i am not going through boot camp; i do not fight the wars   i am not a hero; i am not a soldier   i am not a <propfemale>   but i am dedicated to my future <propfemale>, and will be with him always   this is the way i serve my country "
12 weeks  love 
to know you're thinking of me is all i want  i can't wait for your first letter 
log out of facebook when you get off the computer! laugh  -<propfemale> powers
watchin' <propfirst> blue eyes!  smile 
the only problem with counting weeks is it doesn't change every day  no me gusta 
with @<propfemale> townsend this weekend   smile 
i'm in paper cut central   playful 
i want my first letter! every day i don't get it seems like eternity 
funny movies are the greatest   smile 
"it's sunday, and i'm still tempted to check the mail "
half my heart's in san <propmale> 
got some pictures to send to <propfirst> once i get his letter!  smile 
"okay, fine, i'll get up  do i want to? no  just gonna start another crappy semester at a school i really don't like "
no letter today  but i won't stop checking!
"\what if you really wanted a coca cola in my class?\""\",250f1436a0ba327a9ee9a05fc427f7dd,i've had a terrible headache on and off all day  ): <propfirst> withdrawls 
happy days   smile  makes me wonder why shows can't be this awesome nowadays 
i really want some mcdonalds 
"yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away "
11 weeks  love 
how i met your mother's totally making fun of glee  gotta love it!  smile 
"whahoo!!  <propmale> got <propfirst>'s form letter, so i get to send my letters!  i'm so excited!  laugh "
\from the halls of montezuma, \250f1436a0ba327a9ee9a05fc427f7dd,this is the longest i've spent on the computer in a long time   playful   sendin' <propfirst>'s letter off tomorrow!  laugh  and going over to <propfemale> robinson and chelsy justice's house   smile 
time for some    littile mermaid 2!  laugh 
put the letter in the mailbox at like 7   laugh  i couldn't sleep because i was worried i'd miss the mailman 
yep  i want my hair bobbed again like last summer   playful 
they didn't take my mail  ): that makes me really sad 
"dropped the letters off at the post office today  it's closed, but at least they'll be on their way tomorrow   smile "
green bay needs another touchdown  stupid bears!
about to begin another week  hope it goes by super fast!  smile 
with every day gone is a day closer to you   smile 
guess who got her letters today!  laugh  3 of em! i don't think i've been this happy in a lonnng time   smile 
i wanna go back to bed   playful  but i'm already in the car 
no mail today  ): babysitting my mom's staff's kids around 6   playful 
writing letters is so funn   smile 
it's freaking colddd  my hands are frozen!
awesome project in <propmale>   smile  i'm drawing a <propfemale>   laugh 
i miss my <propfirst>  ):
american idol!  laugh 
i'm in a
"i'm in a meaningful song mood, y'know?*"
i know <propfemale>'s on facebook when i actually have notifications   laugh 
it's so chilly   surprise  can't wait for it to be 80 somethin' in california in april!  laugh 
this guy on cake boss is an idiot!  laugh 
i just need you nooowww   smile 
"3 weeks down, 10 to go!  love "
):
"dear us mail, try to get my letters to <propfirst> sooner  thanks  love, <propfemale> "
it's a small world   laugh 
what? did they just stop running the mail on saturdays?
my throat's all itchy  ):
"omg  \what is vhs?\"" - <propfemale>   surprise """
i can't sleep 
hair cut today   smile 
my hair's all lopped off   smile 
"10 weeks    so that's two sets of five weeks, or five sets of two!  laugh  which all in all is still 10 long weeks     playful "
i freaking hate the mail system! i've sent a letter every day the past week and <propfirst> hasn't gotten them  this is really pissing me off 
i'm ready for you to come home 
woke up at six something and i thought the wind was going to break my window   playful 
coloring books on snow days   smile  all i'm missing is my <propfirst> to cuddle with 
"i could live not getting any more letters for the next 10 weeks as long as i get one saying you're getting mine  those dis aren't just training my <propfirst> to be tough, they're training me too "
"please pray for me, for <propfirst>, and for our strength   smile "
no power    20 degrees outside    super 
i have a terrible cold  lovely 
chicken noodle soup   smile 
no letter today  hopefully he's gonna get mine 
so    we're having a 6 day weekend 
"9 weeks!  smile  and for all those people that believe in global warming, go look outside "
the snow's so soft!  laugh  go on  touch it!
9 weeks till <propfirst> comes home!  smile 
"nine weeks ago, <propfirst> justice and i got engaged  nine weeks from now i'll be in san <propmale> celebrating his graduation from the united states <propfemale> corps   smile "
absence makes the heart grow stronger 
yeah   my mailman sucks 
"okay, snow, i'm done with you now  time to melt "
today's going by so sloowww 
"so we found out the mailman's skipping our street  <propfirst> complained to city hall, but it still doesn't fix the fact that i could've gotten letters from <propfirst> this week "
he got my letters!  laugh  and is enjoying hydracodone   laugh  i think that means he no longer has wisdom teeth 
"dear nose, if i have to sleep one more night with my mouth open because of you, my mouth will turn into sand  so quit it "
packers are gonna whoop butt   smile 
holy moly! thats my green and gold!  smile 
steelers just aren't on their game   smile  go packers!
wild card team wins!  laugh  yeaaah green bay!
super bowl > glee  by alot 
school    i hate you  at least you keep me sorta busy 
4 amazing letters today!  laugh 
shall i compare thee to a summer's day? thou <propmale> more lovely and more temperate 
why is it that when i'm trying to sleep i start worrying about things i could've thought about before it was bedtime? argh 
"i didn't used to hate the cold  but now, i hate the cold  i'm very proud of my <propfirst>, and i wish i was in 60° california   smile "
awww 
i need something more insightful to post every dsy so people might actually pay attention    oh well   smile 
"i hate the winter, but i seriously love not having school   smile "
no letter today  maybe tomorrow 
i'm in <propfemale>  this is the land of democracy  and i vote no more  cold!
"it is currently 15 degrees outside  <propmale>, we have a <propmale> problem "
tomorrow's friday!  smile  that means another week down!  laugh 
8 weeks!  smile 
"two weeks until half way!  smile  i'm so proud of my wonderful recruit <propfirst> justice, mcrd san <propmale>   smile "
it's gorgeous outside   surprise 
i totally want some cheetos 
missing someone's even more miserable when it gets late and your mental wall breaks down and reminds you of all the things you really love and miss about them 
"happy <propfirst>'s day, <propfirst> justice!  i wish you were here   smile  i love you!"
letters!  laugh  best <propfirst>'s day gift ever   smile 
there's a new show coming on lifetime called coming home   it's recording helping soldiers who had been on deployment surprise their families that their home   the comercial made me tear up big time 
the weather is beautiful   smile 
"so <propfemale> and <propfirst> on how i met your mother remind both <propfirst> and me of us  wanna know something funny? <propfirst>'s mom's name is <propfemale>, just like <propfirst>'s!  laugh "
"i'm thinking about a certain recruit <propfirst> justice   but, hey, when am i not?  smile "
happy middle of the week!  smile 
who wants to bring me food and a soda?  laugh 
"it is better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all   but darlin', you're not goin' anywhere   smile "
stupid dreams that seem so real   annoyed  i hate waking up 
i love me some letters   smile 
i don't wanna go to class tonight   playful  buuut i have to  yuck 
"so, <propfirst> and i are mutual on how much we miss eachother  so, while he has his rifle to cuddle with, i have my big white <propmale> bear   smile "
"6 weeks down, 7 to go   smile  almost half way there!"
"waiting for my ride, and there's a bunch of completely annoying middle schoolers out here  i think all middle schoolers should have tape over their mouths in public "
"so, my mom was right   with <propfirst> justice being gone, i clean   alot   playful "
i'm super hungry   playful 
<propmale> and company   smile 
that's no shhhh   smile 
seriously missing my hero right now  ):
bad dreams   annoyed  but i don't have school today   smile 
made kool-aid and jell-o   smile  too bad the jell-o takes forever to set   playful 
"i'm gonna be on a plane in 44 days, reunite with my love in 45, and watch him at one of his proudest moments in 46   smile "
"i love waking up to a kick, kick, kick   smile  (most of y'all have no idea what i'm talking about   smile )"
just got a letter!  laugh  <propfirst>'s quite the busy man right now   smile  he's been learning how to shoot his weapon   smile 
this jell-o tastes like heaven   smile 
"sonogram tomorrow! get to see mine and <propfirst>'s little blessing   smile  currently at 20 weeks (about 5 months), but i promised i wouldn't find out the gender   smile  surprise to everyone who didn't know!  laugh "
today should be a good day   smile  i can't wait till after school!
how long does it take to get a 4th grader out of class? geeze 
almost ultrasound time!  laugh 
"this little baby sure loves listening to <propmale> <propmale>!  she or he hasn't moved around alot at all today, then i put on \where were you when the world stopped turning\"" and he or she started dancing around!  smile """
how about instead of school i go home and sleep through the rain   smile 
i'm ready for lunch   laugh 
"i think our baby has <propfirst>'s nose!  laugh  thanks for pointing it out, chelsy   smile "
i always get so excited when i start looking at stuff about <propfirst> justice's graduation   smile 
american idol!  laugh 
6 weeks till <propfirst>'s graduation!  laugh  can't wait!
i have a letter waiting for me! too bad my ride takes a while to get here   ):
my wonderful recruit <propfirst> justice is doing great!  smile   he's pumped for the 8 mile hike tomorrow!  which i'd cry if someone tried to make me do   laugh 
"holy moly! <propfirst> justice was around 204 lbs when he left, and he's down to 183!  that's my fiance'!  laugh "
up too early on a weekend   playful 
it's so beautiful outside  i wish i could be enjoying it with my amazing <propfirst> 
church soon   smile 
40 days? no problem! half way through and still going strong  i love my recruit   smile 
mondays suuuck   playful 
worrying about my <propfemale> this morning  but no news is good news 
no letter today  ):
took an almost 2 hour nap   playful 
dang  the notebook is an amazing book 
"just read all my letters that i've gotten since <propfirst> left  i miss him like crazy, but only 38 days until i hold him again!"
i wonder if this week could go any slower   playful  it's only tuesday!
i want some arby's!
whoooo!  laugh  i can see april 7th and 8th on my calender in my phone without scrolling down!  laugh  y'all don't understand how exciting this is!  laugh 
phase 2 sucks  > sad  i want letters!
american idol in 45 minutes!  laugh 
ohhh cruel mornings   
still an hour left in school  i want to go home and check the mail   playful 
36 days!  smile  i'm accidently counting down days now   laugh 
"protesting at military funerals is wrong  i don't give a flying flip if you think it's your right to freedom of speech  you have those rights until it causes harm to others, and it does  this protesting should not be allowed "
1st attempt at making grilled cheese today  burned it  <propfirst>'s definitely the cook in the relationship   playful 
oreos + pregnant woman =  love 
it's thursday! happy thursday!  laugh 
my  back  hurts  > sad 
praying for a letter today 
a letter!  laugh  yay!  laugh  i'm so happy!  laugh 
"i didn't know i needed a military man  i didn't know i needed someone to love me so much  i didn't know i needed those blue eyes and that smile that's crooked when you're really happy  i didn't know i needed your goofiness  i didn't know i needed you at first, <propfirst>, but god sure did   smile "
it's friday! only 5 weeks left!  laugh 
missing my <propfirst> justice!  keep us and the baby in your prayers!
i'm a worry wart   annoyed 
"my dearest love, it's almost dawn \i've been lying here all night long wondering where you might be \i saw your momma and i showed her the ring \man on the television said something, so i couldn't sleep \but i'll be all right, i'm just missing you \   and this is me kissing you: xs and os \in a letter from home "
at <propfemale>'s spelling <propfemale>   smile 
"there's a ticket drawing at the spelling <propfemale>, and the lady's reading the <propfirst> off like they're going out of style  the spelling <propfemale>'s for dyslexic kids   laugh "
it's too cold! had to run to the car like a crazy person  poor baby probably had no idea what was going on 
"flying to california in 32 days, seeing my love in 33   smile  gotta love it!"
geeze i'm missing <propfirst>   annoyed 
32  love 
driving to get my grandpa and bub   smile 
writing my wonderful husband-to-be   smile 
it's too early to function 
"31 days!  smile  so, only a month till i see my fiance'!"
trying to find a good book to read  anyone know of any good love stories? (i've already read <propmale> sparks's novels )
30 days!  laugh 
hoping for a letter in my mailbox today   smile  totally started and finished a walk to remember during school 
nothing today  can't wait till friday  spring break   smile 
"had a craving for toast  toast  who has cravings for toast? and by the way, toast is spelled weird "
twenty-niiinnnee!  laugh 
my back  is  killing me 
it's that annoying temperature outside where it can't decide if it's gonna be chilly or warm 
american idol!  laugh 
i believe i can flyyyyy  i believe i can touch the skyyy 
hoping and praying for a letter tomorrow 
guess what? 28!  smile  i looove my <propfirst>!  laugh 
"i usually get a letter on thursday, but that darn mailman hasn't come by yet   playful "
"my baby got fired  ): if i was allowed, i'd totally give those dis a peice of my mind! all the sls got replaced by contract pfcs  > sad "
every day is a day closer to you   smile 
what happened to japan?
4 weeks till my love graduates! can't wait!  laugh 
i heard that tsunami's gonna hit california   annoyed  i'm not a calm person right now 
"okay, i just searched the effects that the tsunami will have on california  for camp pembleton and the mcrd there will be only stronger waves  there hasn't been any reports on waves over 2 ft  thank you library and internet!  laugh "
27 days!  smile  less than the month of february!  laugh 
"i curled my hair to see how long it would take   smile   about 45 minutes, and i'm definitely gonna curl it when i see my wonderful <propfirst> justice   smile  27 days!"
<propmale> white   smile 
26!  laugh 
"so did anyone else watch dragon ball z when they were younger? there's a show on nicktoons called dragon ball z <propfemale>, and it's seriously the exact show with '<propfemale>' added on the name   laugh "
ready for my mcdonald's salad!  laugh 
ready for you to be home 
"hellooo, daylight savings! i've missed your sunshine   smile "
"pray for the families of two navy sailors killed in an amphibious accident at camp pendleton, as well as the rest of our troops "
"i've never been so thankful the lord has kept my love safe  he is great in every way, always, and i will rejoice in him!"
"only 25 days left, but i miss my <propfirst> more than ever "
24 days  time's seriously standing still 
"the day's almost over!  smile  sorta    but still  i like when the day ends, because it's a day down to seeing my <propfirst>   smile "
hoping spring break will go by fast   smile 
23 days   smile 
time needs to hurry on up!
can't sleep  wish my marine-to-be was here with me 
22!  smile  three weeks from today i'll be getting on a plane for <propfemale> california   smile 
watching one born every minute  i'm definitely getting an epideral as soon as possible   playful 
today's going by sooo sloooww 
i don't think i'll ever quit worrying about <propfirst>  sooo ready for these next 3 weeks to be over 
"sometimes i feel like it's not fair you're gone while everyone else's boyfriends or fiancees or husbands are right there to take care of them  then i really think about it  i'd rather be a military wife than any other kind  i've got the pride, i've got the guts, i've got the strength  i'm supporting my man  thank god for the military, and thank god for military sweethearts!"
argh  it's too early  heading to arkansas as soon as we pack  only 21 days left   smile 
i love country music 
usually get a letter on thursdays    not today  that really sucks  today just went downhill 
hopin' my letter comes in before i get home from my trip  i don't know what i'll do if i have to go 2 weeks without a letter 
seriously missing my <propfirst> 
can't stop thinking about having not got a letter  i hope everything's okay 
apple   smile 
20 days   smile  hopefully i'll hear that a letter came in today 
yummy yummy pancakes   laugh 
heading to little rock   smile 
got a letter!  smile  i'm a very happy lady  now it's time to relax and enjoy my vacation!
"can't ever stop lovin' my <propfemale> recruit   smile  19 days! then those 10 he's here are gonna flyyy by  which, y'know, sucks   playful "
vanilla latte     smile 
my feet are about to fall off   playful 
"keep seeing all these wedding chapels  makes me impatient for next year   smile  three things i can't wait for: seeing my <propfirst> again, seeing our little baby, and getting married to the most amazing man on earth   smile "
"i had a dream last night that <propfirst> and i were trying to buy an apartment, but we couldn't find curtains for the windows  so we left "
"18   smile  days go byyyy, with a little love, of familllyyyy "
washateria    i'll probably need to get used to this   playful 
"i'm an idiot  almost to texas, and i can't find my purse  called the restaraunt and hour back, it's there, so we have to drive all the way back so i have my license so i can fly to san <propmale> "
got my purse  onward to texas!  smile 
won't get home till almost 11  i'm very sleepy 
can't wait to hold my <propfirst> again  i'll just have to dream about it for another 18 days 
17 days!  smile  i sure loved reading that letter last night  even if it was nearly midnight when i go to   laugh 
going to attempt to watch coming home without balling my eyes out   smile 
organized all <propfirst>'s letters in a little book   smile  can't wait for april 7th  who knew 3 years ago we'd end up here?
"have a feeling this is gonna be a looong day  16 days, at least   smile "
"school went by pretty fast today, but i really wish <propfirst> was here  the next two or so weeks are gonna crawl by "
going to eat dinner with the future in-laws   smile 
"i've decided just to keep writing until the week i see <propfirst>  it doesn't hurt anything, right?  smile "
baby doctor's appt in a little while!  smile  can't wait to hear the little one's heartbeat 
my sister's keeper is an amazing book 
2 weeks till i see my <propfirst>!  smile 
"why is it every other day the mail comes before i get home, but whenever it's a day i usually get a letter, it hasn't come?"
argh  mailman  > sad 
guess the mailman's not coming today  that's dumb   playful  only 2 weeks till i see my fiance' 
13  love 
did you know you can't take <propfemale> with orange juice?
3 pages!  laugh  whahoo!
that picture made me miss <propfirst> justice a million times more   only 13 days 
12 looong days left  but i can do it!  laugh  oorah!
so hungryyy  i need a car  and money   laugh 
chucke e cheese's with the sisters   smile  y'all are jealous 
our dog is freaking out 
baby's moving around like crazy this morning   smile  11 days!
my facebook's in pirate! on my phone!  laugh 
"who died on army wives tonight? i don't watch it because it's depressing, but i'm curious "
annnddd that's why i don't watch army wives 
10 days!  smile 
why  is  it  cold  > sad 
so    these next 10 days need to hurry up  i miss my <propfemale>  ):
pray for <propfirst> and his platoon! crucible starts tomorrow! and pray i don't go absolutely insane worrying about him!
9 days!  smile  keep <propfirst> and the platoon on your prayers!
i'm hungry   playful 
i'm hungry   playful 
i'm gonna see my wonderful fiance' in nine days!  laugh  i wish every day would go faster than it has   laugh 
"i will lie down and sleep in peace,\for you alone, o lord, \make me dwell in safety  - psalm 4:8"
8 days!  laugh  keep your prayers agoin'!
hating this colder weather! i enjoyed 75 - 80 degress 
"burned my finger making grilled cheese  then, tasted the sandwhich, and its was disgusting  so i burned myself for nothing, got a bad taste in my mouth, and now sitting here eating peanut butter and crackers  if this isn't a sign i need my man here, i don't know what is "
"in a week from this moment, i'll be on a plane to california   smile  will the next 7 to 8 days please go by faster?"
one more week  it's all i can think and dream about 
got to watch and smell rubber burn this morning   playful  thanks to <propfirst>'s car heater  that was nastyy 
ready to go home   playful  at least i only have school for an hour and a half tomorrow   smile 
"i post too much on facebook   playful  i acknowledge it, accept it, but i refuse to change  i promise in 7 days, i'll get on a lot less "
"i'm in love with a <propfemale>   smile  the crucible is most likely over, so as <propfirst>'s officially a <propfemale>, i am a <propfemale> fiance'! oorah!"
no letter today   annoyed 
6 days!  smile 
"gettin' verizon fios   playful  better than directtv, fasho "
"no letter again    i'll see him next week, but dang that's a heartbreaker   annoyed "
i wish a letter had come in today  ): quite lonely is the way i'm feeling  not very awesome 
"feelin' better   smile   by the way, i hate april fool's day   it's pretty much the most worthless holiday ever   playful "
"yeah  i'm ready for those 10 days  i don't stop worrying   annoyed  i know he's fine, it's just my personality "
ready for him to be home  5 days 
i'm so ready for thursday  maybe then all my worries will stop   playful 
"watching dear <propfirst>  it's only like 3 minutes into the movie, and they already messed up  books better   playful "
little giants   smile  i miss when life was so simple all that mattered was the outcome to a peewee football game 
"\giants! giants! help us god!\""  laugh """
today's almost over  thank goodness  i just want the next 5 days to be over with 
all i want is to hold you again; to know you're okay  i'm crazy without you 
"4 days!  smile  getting my hair done, doing a little shopping, and getting a baby bed from my uncle <propfirst>'s today  thank god for distractions to keep my worry level low!"
today has been pretty awesome   smile  hangin' out with my momma 
today went by so fast!  laugh  it was awesome! tomorrow's monday  then tuesday  then i fly out on wednesday!  smile 
storms help me sleep   smile  3 days!
today is going by slow already   playful  stupid mondays 
this wind is annoying   playful  definitely  i can't wait to get on that plane a day after tomorrow!
i just read a wikipedia article on spongebob  i need a life   playful 
"another day is ending!  smile  packing tomorrow, then flying out wednesday! so excited!"
2 days!! flying tomorrow!
can't wait for <propfirst> to get to feel our son or daughter kick!  smile  packing tonight!
"<propfemale>'s painting my toenails  hahaha, slaaaave!"
i just finished packing!  laugh  can't wait to fly out tomorrow!
flying today!!  laugh  seeing my <propfirst> tomorrow! i'm so nervous!  laugh 
40 minutes till school's over!  laugh 
gonna be heading to the airport in 3 hours!!  laugh 
at the airport!!
"went through security, now just waiting for the plane to arrive and to board  seems so unreal!"
