93ac0f84e8d852711d3ffaf5929397dc
what to do now?
is waitng for 9 to come around so i can wake up jakeykins 
nyx or bed   hmm    not sure    
my compy's mean to me and doesn't give me things until way after 
is wanting chocolate muffins     so i ish getting chocolate muffins   teehee
anyone else going to be home alone tonight?
getting ready to shoot my neighbors      they keep aiming fireworks at my house     hoping i can sleep tonight as well     have to get up when the sun does   
have to shower and get ready for work soon    fuuun 
"getting ready for work,  "
2010    can ya believe it?
is waiting for it to be 8ish so can wake jakeykins    
just got back from hanging out with <propfemale>   i  love  her and our adventure 
"need to find a way to relax, kill time, and not to be bored before i go to work tonight "
"is wanting to do something, but not sure what "
sitting in my chair goofing off 
"talking to my old \husband\"" """
trying to kill a little time before having to wake up <propmale> 
waiting until late tonight to buy <propmale> his stuff   mainly because my ride deceided to go somewhere 
sitting on the couch with my jakeykins and my lil bro   and debating when to go to bed in order to get up for work in the morning 
"is in love with the pearls <propmale> got me   i loves you, my <propmale>ykins!   love "
"tryin g to rest for a little before getting <propmale> up   work sucks butt   seriously, if i drop anything else else i'm gonna scream   i'm still pissed that i broke a gallon of milk and got it all over this one lady's kid   seriously wth?!?!?!?!?!"
ish glad taht we had sun today and that i was able to go out without a jacket 
doesn't get to go bowling with <propfemale> tonight   pooey 
wondering what to do today since i have free time 
i'm up     what more do you want?
is excited for tomorrow night   i hope i have another fun adventure with <propfemale>    love 
"is completely pooped, but loved my adventure with <propfemale>!!!"
eatting life ceral    yays!!
crackers and gator juice     yummm!
what would you call a pretzel and a cracker? a preacker or a cratzel?
i loves me some hot fries    but    omg!!!  my poor little mouth!!!
what to do     what to do    what to do     no clue what to do    
no more    i don't need or want it anymore   
wondering what to eat before i have to go get ready for work   dx  i don't wanna gooooo!
i wish he was home so he can tuck me in bed   i hate not having him with me   
i ate too much      blehh    
happy bunny-pooping-eggs day!!
sitting outside trying to enjoy the sun    and watching the half dressed workers at theend of my driveway 
gonna go out with jakeykins   can't belive it's been a year already   i'm so uber happy 
*munches of a sweet potato fries*
*squees*
"not really wanting to go to work today, but wondering how it will go "
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3 kg  the length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink twice as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  thank you <propfirst>!!!!!
you do not see me for i am a squiggle 
i feel soooo uber dead right now     i wonder if it's because it's late    maybe 
going night night now      zzzzzzzzz
is everyone i know interconnected?
i dyed my hair   can anyone guess what color it is right now???????
"just caught up with a old friend, now i feel a little sad   but all will be better soon "
"wanting to pass out, but body won't fully let me "
hoping i get to see my <propfemale> sis today 
hey lady!!!  guess what???  it's you and me on your birthday!!!
antibacterial underwear for men????
wondering what to do now   
thanks for everyone who wished me a happy birthday   i loves you all 
"gah, i hate work sometimes   though, there are times when i do enjoy it "
i don't wanna work another week straight without a day off    
*sighs*  we really need to fix the washer so it stops walking across the room          i wanna do something today   
soooooooooooooooo humgry and bored      
meh    
i loves <propfemale>!!
"i loves my snuggle <propfemale>, <propfirst> "
scetty os!!!!
i got a spoon and a bowl of icecream and i'm not afraid to use it 
wondering what to do before work tonight   what's with all the midnights?  seriously?  i'd rather be in bed sleeping   i'm better at morning shifts than i am with midnight ones   i'm just happy that i get to see the fireworks on saturday 
about to get ready for work   luckly tonight's not a too late of night   i'll actaully be able to go to bed on time 
i'm soooo looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow 
slept in and now taking a break from cleaning     and trying not to kill one of the cats that keep attatching itself to me 
had a good few days off   not really looking forward to work tomorrow   but atleast it's payday and i'll have some money in the bank 
nighty night world    
hi world   
fudge bar!!!
lalalalalalala  night
i need food and a shower      i'm not looking forward to work tonight 
*dies*  my feet are killing me   can i blow work up now?
gonna be working a lot   don't get a day off until thursday    just wanting a day where i can relax and not have to worry over every little thing     but i guess i won't get that day    or moment for that factor      just have to remember to bite my tonuge and smile a lot   
good world   maybe i'll be able to see you for a little longer tomorrow   
"no fluffy, you can't eat the penguin "
night
"no whitey, my phone is not a chew toy or a snuggle <propmale> for you   so please stop drooling all over it "
i loved hanging out with my <propfemale> doll tonight   i hope i get to see her more in the future   loves you <propfemale>!!!
soooo tired and <propfemale> glad i get to sleep in 
"what the heck? since when to cats like tea? seriously, i can't keep this cat out of my hot tea cup  even after smacking her a few times  *sighs* i guess i'll just have to deal with it "
*sighs*  night     
"i miss you already, jakeykins    love "
gonna sleep hard tonight and can't wait until tomorrow evening 
stiil waiting for <propmale>    
sooooo glad that jakeykins is home now 
my tummy is telling me that it's time to eat   
sadly getting ready for work   i wonder how today's gonna be   
i miss my sisters     
good night world   see you when the sun is at some random point in the sky    
meh!!!
"once again, good night world   i'll be able to enjoy you tomorrow     hoepfully "
home from woek now i'm bored   i want something to dooooooo!!!!
is it time to relax yet?
"nope    <propfirst>, you were right    i can't rest    i just spent the last half hour outside digging a grave and putting what was left of my cat to rest     now, i can't rest    "
finished my book   on to the next one 
"trying to get jakey out of bed, but failing       more like epic failing     "
anyone notice i was gone?
night world 
i don't wanna clean house today      i'd rather curl up and read my book 
sooo      what about now?
i'm not sure what to do anymore    
getting ready for work   i have a feeling that it's going to be a very long day 
gonna go to bed soon    i guess    probably watch a movie first then crash     
*yawns*
am i addicted to kh?
woners what i'm going to do today 
i miss goofing off 
"everytime i see your face, i smile   everytime you touch my hand, my heart jumps a beat   everytime you hold me close, the rest of the world fades away   and everytime you say my name, my heart yells how much it and i love you "
"got bored with kh (weird, i know), gonna wrap things up and go to bed "
"i ate potatoes   now, i need something to drink "
i loves my new phone! it's awesomeness!!!
at dinner with my jakeykins and lovein' in!
nighty night world 
"had an okay day off, watching <propmale> play kh2, and was able to catch up on some reading while inbetween things "
"just got home from work a little bit ago   relaxing with jakey and watching him play kh2   it's fun but my body's ready for bed, and my mind wants to stay up and read   which to do?"
guess what <propmale> and i did?
for once i had a really good day at work   thanks <propfemale> for letting me help ya 
work sounds sorta night right now    after i eat my toast and jam 
"at work, eatting lunch  day's going by fast  that's a good sign, right?"
have a day off and i think i'm going to relax all day   probably not though 
my work day's almost over  been taking my breaks outside  it feels wonderful out here  i hope it's like this for a good while  i love the weather between summer and fall 
tummy feels weird after eatting chinese     
*curls up in bed*  time for a nap      *yawns*
i miss the people i miss   i love the people i love   and i need the people i need   which are you?
i guess i'm going to be birthing babies tonight    oh how wonderful         
"it's offical     amberlyn and i are weird     plus, i can't wait for the weekend "
tired and ready for bed       *passes out* x x
trying to relax   still tired from the trip and from work today 
my phone has been really quiet today 
i need updated <propfirst> for people     seriously   
"trying to stay up, so i can sleep in, so i can stay up for work    fuuun     "
ever feel like your voice is never heard and that you're being over looked or stepped on all the time?
how lovely    
my arm is blue!!!!!
ever wonder what happens to your memories?
no     more     flowers      j k  but my hand is killing me 
i miss        
"hey, who turned on the cold?"
"i had something really awesome and cool to say, but i forgot it   yays for short term memory!!"
watching <propmale> get his butt kicked in god of war   
super happy right now   i got to see my <propfemale> doll and i'mma <propfemale> out with a friend tonight   yays!
i'm tired   i gots a full tummy and i can hear my bed screaming my name    but i'm too lazy to walk down the steps   
happy that i work a short shift today   atleast i get to <propfemale> with <propfemale> for those few hours   can still feel sleep tugging at me   but i guess that's what i get for being up so late worrying about the cats 
"sooo super sleepy     i'mma head to bed soon      well, after jakey leaves for work   "
good morning sunshine!!!!!  the earth says hello!!!!!
it's offical     i'm obsessed with descedants of darkness    too bad it's only 13 episodes   they need to make more 
<propfemale>    yea    it's gonna suck washing buckets tomorrow    thanks frisky for the scratched up hands   i love you too 
"ever so slowly getting ready for work   luckly i work a short shift   i dunno if my hands could take it     frisky, you better be happy i love you    "
fooooooooood     
booooored     waiting until the right time to get <propmale> up so we can go eat   yay mexican food   ateast i hope that's what we get 
i ate my cupcake and not time to relax after work 
"all because you can, doesn't mean you should "
ahhhh    the sounds of arguments are the sounds of childhood to me   bring on the pain and memories 
good night?
been trying to get <propmale> up for 2 hours now    i guess he's going to be up all night when he should be in bed 
i made cookies!!!!!!!!
guess what??????  jakey and i found a place and are moving out within the next week or so     soooooo happy and excited!!!!
"it's weird that the things that you own can come down to a number of boxes   but is it a good or bad thing that a lot of those boxes are books or have books in them?         or those that don't know already, i'm moving out within the next couple of days   i get my keys to my new place tomorrow and going to move a lot of stuff over tomorrow and hopefully the rest on saturday "
"loving my new place, but still trying to make it feel like home  yea, i'm scared poopless, but i believe everything will be alright     on that thought, got weirded out when mom came by saying she picked up food for me  how odd is that?"
thankies jakeykins for not making me do laundry all by myself today  i can always use the extra giggles 
relaxing before bed 
simi long day   gonna have another    night   
heading to bed soon and gonna do laundry in the morning before work   
"doing laundry is always fun    yea, okays   "
yays!!  i got my wireless now 
dishes are done     now gonna start making some fried chicken   
wait    change that    i need company 
jakey just left for work    so    i'm allone for the next 9 hours    luckly i'll be alseep for most of them 
morning afternoon peoples   i gots a couple of hours before i have to get ready for work   yays!?   
my tummy is full      yays for food 
"\a single standard postage stamp contains 5 9 calories and special or commemorative stamps 14 5 calories \""  <~~~~~~  who knew that?  not me!!"""
hello peoples   gotta love have strangers talk outside your back door and scaring to poop out of you   *sniffles*  i spilt coffee all over the floor 
i love my days off this coming week   how awesome!
i need someone to rant and rave with      while i try not to burn dinner     nothing like burnt dinner    or worse    the smell of burnt dinner    
nighty night jakeykins and the rest of the world 
i don't want to do laundry   thanks <propmale> for saying you'll do it instead 
"*streches toes*  feels good to sit down and get off of my feet   i love work, but dang   it kills my feet   and my lower back   oh wells "
hurry up oven and warm up so i can eat pizza 
"if you saw me in 7 years with a ring on, who do you think i would be married to? if you're not scared post this as your status"
yays for being bloated!!!!  even hours after you ate     blah    
*sighs*  boys and their video games 
mmmmm     coffee      and the smell of blooming irises    what could be better?
yummy    leftover chinese food   what could be better?
"\apparently i'm addicted to cream cheese \""  ~ foamy"""
i loves me some apples 
"wanting to do something, but not sure what   hmm    what to do?    "
"filling out christmas cards   if you want one, send me your address   i hope i get to fill out a ton   send me addresses!! lol"
gonna do some blowling with jakey then head to bed     i'm still waiting to see if addresses pop up in my inbox    
"hello peoples   the sun is shining and it's lying   the air is freezing   the house is freezing          if you want a card, i need your address!!"
i want a fating hippo for christmas   is that too much to ask?
"i'mma eat and then relax   works sucks butt \\i still need addresses!!!"
there's nothing better than waking up to a nose bleed 
"watching \alice in wonderland\"" with jakeykins   my tummy's full and i think i need a nap   \",93ac0f84e laugh 852711d3ffaf5929397dc,"gonna head to bed soon once \drity jobs\"" is over   still waiting to see if anyone sends me their address so i can send them christmas cards   i guess i'll mbe waiting for awhile """
"i got up sooooo late today   thanks for those who sent me your address    but i'm still wait for more   so, if you want a card, please send me it!"
sitting at home bored out of my mind   can't do laundry until tomorrow    stuipd quarters      <propmale> in bed for the next few hours     i need something to do    
"gonna watch an episode or two of \bones\"" then head to bed \",93ac0f84e laugh 852711d3ffaf5929397dc,"going to get ready for work soon     if anyone wants a christmas card, please send me your address    i'm about to send them all out and be done with trying to get addresses for people   but i love you all and please send me addresses "
gonna head to bed soon   i have a very long day at work tomorrow to look forward to     yays      *dies*
"trying to relax after a long day at work   have a kinda early shift tomorrow, not looking forward to it   can wensday get here sooner?  i need a day off   "
trying to wake up before i have to get ready for work   i hate feeling like i can't function   luckly today is a somewhat short shift   last night was kinda funny though   one of the floor guys was wearing a thong   i'm sad to say i saw it but it was sooooooo funny!
"*dances*  it\s snowing outside!!!!! weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"still watching \bone\""       i'm horrible    """
"i chopped most of my bangs off, now i don't have to keep eatting my hair   now i can't even tuck them it behind my ears   <propmale> said it looks cute, but we'll see    "
got up really late     mainly because i couldn't put down my book   evil black hole of bookness      grrr   
60       we had fun times working together   you were there when i needed a really good laugh   i'm sorry that we weren't able to get to know eachother more   but hopefully we will be able to   i also want you to know that i'm always here if you need anything 
what should i make for dinner?
"wish people would be straight forward   if you don't like me, say so   don't be nice to my face and mean to my back   seriously, how many people these days are actually true to others?  i wish i could meet atleast one "
slept really hard last night   i feel all heavy and weird    
"relaxing with \bones\""   i took my night night meds and hopefully i'll be able to sleep all happy """
going to figure out what to eat then relax   gotta do some cleaning tomorrow   how fun   
pizza for dinner sounds yummy      yays p j !!!
"sitting here, bored out of my mind, and making tator rounds    "
no    more    ctfxc     *dies*
it's been snowing since early this morning and in a few minutes it will be monday    yays for snow!!!  i miss it greatly   it's gotten to the point where we have to keep brushing off our front door   lol
*pouts*  snow's melting 
relaxing with some yuummy food and a nice warm drink   yays!!!  soooo happy i'm off tomorrow 
"got up super late today      woke up to an ice cold house   thank the higher power for my weird blanket addiction   making <propmale> and cheese then gonna hide back under my blanket and watch \bones\"" """
"baking a cake, hoping it comes out right   needs about ten for minutes before i can pull it out to cool so i can decorate it   yays!"
"the cake turned out a lot better than i thought   i got jakey to giggle a little when he saw it, so it was worth it   yays!!"
gonna eat seom french toast and then shower for work   fun fun 
gotta love me some chinese 
"slowly doing dishes and slwoly down for the night   my brain has been telling me for hours that it's time for bed, but my body wants to stay awake   i wonder who will win    "
gonna see mom and amberlyn for a few today   that should be fun 
i got amberlyn staying the night   it's gonna be fun   she's finishing up some cake then she'll head to bed 
amberlyn's playing the wii and <propmale>'s passed out in his chair   i'm trying sooo hard not to laugh out loud at her or him   darn my weirdness   
not really looking forward to work today    still trying to wake up fully    and need food in my tummy      blah    
jakey's making dinner    yays!!!!!!!!!
"bored, hungry, have a tummy ache, and will need to get ready for work soon    "
watching amberlyn watching <propmale> play his games   i'm happy to have her over   maybe mom will finally get some stuff done     i already got everything wrapped up   yays!
amberlyn and i got most of my books put up   three boxes down    not sure how many left    yays!
i have a frosty and i know how to use it!!!
i keep staring under the tree wondering what else <propmale> got me     but he ruined the surprise     what did he tell me i got books?  meanie      *mumbles*
"thanks to this fortune and my bother i became a hooker: \you are sociable and entertaining \""  and thanks to this fortune and my mother i became an escort: \""you will travel far and wide for bother pleasure and business \"" ---- thanks <propfirst> and mom   love you both """
"freezing my butt off, clinging to my cup of hot tea, and hiding under my blanket     do i have to leave?  the floral shop can take care of itself, right?     jakey says it can't, so i better go     i'm just sooooo cold    "
still cold     been drinking hot drinks and hiding under my blankey since i've been home   
"*yawns and streches*  i have to stop watching shows while laying on my couch, it makes me want to sleep   so, i better head to bed    which i probably won't really sleep in     oh wells   "
sooo glad i got today off     still trying to find a way to fix my glasses      we lost all the screws we bought     why do they have to be sooooo small?  right now i have a part of a paper clip holding it together   hopefully it can last for a little while 
"bored out of my mind   i was told to not do dishes because he was going to do them   okays    what about laundry?    nopes, was all done sunday     i guess i'll put up the tree and everything     mainly so i can get to the closet   "
"i have been trying to figure out for the past 5 hours why my house smells like an ash tray    if <propmale> smoked in here, i'mma kick his butt!"
"was having a good day until i found out about <propmale>   i'm going to miss you, <propmale> "
cheesey chicken rice for supper   yummy!!
"sitting here, debating what to do   "
"just relaized that <propmale> the last of the bread ysterday, and i really want some toast    "
ahhhh!!!  my eye!!!!  stupid onion fumes!!!
anyone want to keep me company as i dismantle my tree and fold laundry??
"sitting here smelling <propmale>'s burnt food      he forgets that the pizza pan has holes and crumbs fall through onto the burner     *sighs*  oh wells    oh yea, he forgot to pick up bread as well   looks like i'll be eatting a little heavy this morning and going to have an upset tummy    "
home    now i can die happ with my pop chips 
"thank you, <propfemale>, for the awesome cocoa "
cold and lonely    anyone want to keep me compnay??
what to make for dinner tonight?
fixing my pants and trying to wake up enough so i can eat and get ready for work 
getting ready for work     for some reason i keep coughing and have woken up with migrains the past few days   
"work was crazy     gotta love senior citizen day      bought me some popchips (yes, i'm addicted to them) and now i can relax for a few hours before making supper "
anyone want to keep me company today?  i hate having the house so quite   
"i just finished all the dishes and it took just over two hours to do everything   inculding wiping down the stove, counters, and the skin, as well as chagning the foil on the stove   fun fun "
"\go put on your bus pants \"" - lenord"""
"getting ready for work, fun fun   i'm not even sure if i slept    "
eatting supper   yummy!!!
it looks like a blizzard outside    kinda scary looking    
"aitting here, debating what to eat, and a little too lazy to go make some hot tea   "
i just had the warmth sucked out of my body    
drinking coffee and watching rugrats     nothing could be better right now   
"dear people who love me,\i know what you can get for me   a new black zip up hoodie     i don't think i can wear mine for much logger   i've ripped the sleeves to many times to count, to the point there's almost no material   *sighs*  i will miss it when i have to get rid of it   i think three years on almost nonstop wear was wonderful   but seriously, i need a new one "
"there's snow on the ground, so that means work will either be super, crazy busy or super, crazy slow    "
"seriously, google the directions from new york to <propfemale> and look at number 31   soooo funny!!"
coffee always smells best in the morning 
kinda lonely   
debating what to make for dinner    
getting ready for work    yays      
"bored, hungry, tired, and having some serious lower back pain     what a wonderful combo   "
hungry     *hides under blankey*
not sure what to do   
"bored and not sure yet what i'm going to do      i'm suppose to be hearing from mom, but i doubt it    "
trying to wake up enough to eat then get ready for work    
i need company as <propmale> plays his game    
coffee hasn't taken effect yet    still too tired and lazy to make something to eat   luckly i still have almost 3 hours to eat before i have to shower   yays    
a little tired and looking forward to doing dishes tomorrow    yays     
looking forward to cleaning     not    
got most of the dishes done and going to do laundry       and waiting to see if <propfemale> will be coming over 
waking up enough to eat then shower for work      and i still think that <propfirst> was more wolf than malamute   he was waaaay bigger than he should have been   oh wells    i miss and love him still 
getting ready for bed   got to get up early for work  yays   
"having your gram gram love you is like having your favorite cookies all the time   and sometimes, you'll have those cookies thanks to your gram gram   i loves my gram gram and i miss her "
food makes my tummy happy and keeps the monsters away 
watching cartoons and rinking coffee beofre i have to get ready for work  yays   
i feel like the only things i say on here are hello and goodnight      i feel like i don't have time for anything else anymore 
the only reason i stayed up was for <propmale> burnham      i loves him!!  he's soooo funny and musical 
been feeling sick all day today and haven't gotten anything done   need to find something to nibble on before i make dinner tonight 
eatting dinner   yays!
"so, yea    got up late this morning   goota force myself to nibble on something before have to take a quick shower   yays    "
i am not looking foward to working outside today    can't i stay inside where it's warm??
jakey left for work about 20 minutes ago   time for sleep i guess    
i slept in really late      kinda crazy      going to try and get my hair cut today since it's been since september since i cut it   <propfemale> is going to be so mad at me when she sees my hair   she might actually beat me up this time  lol
one of the stray kitties have been hanging around our house once again while it snowing     is it a sign that i should take him in?  i dunno   but what i do know is that i'm not looking forward to the drive to work today    
"oh, and making fried potatoes for breakfast   yummy!!!"
"trying to wind down some   don't feel like eating, but i know i have to     i'd rather be sleeping   "
sooooo cooooooooooooooooollllllllllllldddddddd!!   what the heck!  did my body temp just turn itself off?
so    yea    
what to eat     what to eat    what to eat    
going to be making some dinner soon and maybe stay up a little tonight   i get to sleep in the next couple of days   yays!
"got my hair all pretty now    kinda wish it was a little darker   oh wellz     got stuff to do today, just a little lonely    oh wellz   "
bored and kinda hungry    
"dinner was yummy, if i do say so myslef   and i'm not a big fan of dirty rice, so that must mean it was good     or atleast i hope so "
there's nothing like killing a bunch of zombies to put your mind at ease and make you relax 
i'm up and i have coffee in my hand   everything's going good so far 
i got another free giggle today    another customer asked me out   in the past six months that makes seven (if i'm counting right)   this guy said he liked my eyes and wanted to write my number in his bible    weird      please keep them coming   i love getting the laughter 
trying to wake up enough to eat something and then shower for work   yays   
"my hands are still blue, pink, green, orange, and purple and smell like flower food     weird    "
there's nothing like waking up to a wood chipper right next to your window   
talkign to amberlyn on the phone   i miss her sooo much   i hope mom will let her stay over friday night 
about to eat breakfast before jumping into the shower for work     yays   
coffee and yogurt    yummmmmm     
i made a really yummy supper and now i'm relaxing a bit and watching tv with jakeykins before i pass out 
"trying to wake up, but i think i'm failing    "
tummy full and happy now   
waking up and watching <propmale> watch a weird show      what is with this boy and weird shows?   who knows    
still have <propfirst> and amberlyn over   today has been a little unusual    
"morning sunshine, the earth says hello!!!"
debating what to make for dinner and have to keep asking <propmale> to change the channel so i can check the score   you'd think he'd hate football    lol
looking out at the snow and soooooo happy that i don't have to work the next couple of days   i'mma curl up with my book and read ro watch a few movies     oh wait     i still have to clean    poopie   
trying to get <propmale> up      been trying to for a while now    
went out and bought a new crockpot so we could make a meal we've been trying to have for a while now  yea i know we're starting it late but we got up late then we found out that the crockpot mom gave us was rusted out to the point that the insert won't even come out  yay for living right across from walmart  we still have earrands to run today and hopefully everything will turn out to be super yummy tonight 
"trying to wake up, drinking some hot tea, debating what to eat for breakfast    "
attention fb       snow     that is all    
nighty night world    
hot tea and poptarts    awesomeness!!
"in the past couple of days i've been hit on the head, had to deal with suicide birds, almost burned dinner, had to birds run into inm window because they were fighting, and tripped down the stairs this morning   awesome, right?"
i feel like my brain is being fried      thank you random video games and tv shows    
"hot tea?     check      poptarts?      check       cartoons?       check     now, time to relax before working late tonight "
not sure if i'm really looking forward to tomorrow or not   
"i woke up to find roses with lilies, a box of chocolates, and a card   i love you, <propfemale> and thank you for everything you do "
thank you jakey for doing most of the cleaning yesterday while i was at work   now we just have to finish the rest and go grocery shopping   yays!     
who needs a cuddle <propmale>?  this person!!  i'm freezing my butt off and i dunno why    
i gots me a washer and dryer    but i can't use them because my hookups are too old    poo    
"trying to wake up and all i can think about is jumping back under the covers   but slowly this time   i don't want to pull another muscle getting into bed    yea, don't ask how i did it the first time 'cause i have no clue how i did it "
gonna make tacos tonight   
had shawny over tonight   trying to get through some of his math stuff and can't really figure it out    it's been waaaay too long since i've done any of it     almost six years for me     hopefully we'll get through a couple more lessons in the morning   
gotta love it when you hear voices that tell you to wake up and scare the poop out of you when noone's there 
"i had a late night at work, and now i have an early morning in it too   how fun is that going to be?"
slowly passing out    looong day and almost no sleep   
it was nice catching up on some sleep 
i want something sweet    
lots and lots of cleaning to do today   anyone want to help and keep me company?
i gots a headache     *pouts*  oh well     i still got dishes and a load of laundry to do   that's it for cleaning    i just have to deceid what do make for dinner    hmm   
sooo sleepy   toss and turned all night and couldn't really sleep for some reason   hopefully it won't effect me too much at work    
long day and time for sleep 
gotta love it when you wake up with a headache   ain't it wonderful?
this rainy day just got worse    i found out that christoffer <propmale> passed away    he was a good friend in high school and i'm sorry that i didn't keep in contact with him   he will be greatly missed by everyone 
"it's offical     <propmale>'s a bed and cover hog   there's nothing like waking up to knees and elbows in your back or hitting your in the face, while trying to stay on the bed and not falling off     but i loves him "
jakey's getting me coffee and donuts    i loves you jakey!!
i smell dinner cooking and it's making me hungry    
trying to wake up enough to actaully eat something before having to get ready for work     sooo sleeepy     i wanna head back to bed     
<propfemale> sleepy     been having a really off day all day today   
oh yays!  what fun today is going to be having to work in the rain!
waiting for the timer to go off so i can eat    sooo hungry    
i feel like i need a nap   
drinking tea and waking up   so glad i'm only working a few hours today    
"all alone and bored   listening to the washer and dryer work their magic, it makes me sleepy    zzzzz     "
still bored and alone    i feel like i'm gonna e playful lode    
"*yawns*  i like watching the sunrise, but i would rather be in bed "
"waiting for jakey to make dinner   i ish hungry!  make me my food, boy!!  *runs and hides*"
waiting for <propmale> to get home then i;m off to getting ready for work   how fun   atleast i have friday and saturday off 
i saw my dream truck today   that was pretty awesome   now i'm munching on crackers trying to make my tummy happy 
have the children over     yea    not sure if that was a very wise idea   
"messed my back up last night somehow, still trying to work it out and not wince in pain everytime i move     i feel like i'm getting so old   "
<propfemale>    umm     yea    
"i feel like i haven't gotten anything done in the past few days   i did catch up on some long over due laundry, so i guess that counts for something     now time to figure out what to do for the next couple of hours    hmmm     "
soooo sleepy      hopefully work will pass quickly today 
made a very yummy supper with loys of leftovers   which means i'm set for lunch for the next couple of days   watching a movie with jakey and enjoying the time i get with him today 
sipping coffee and trying to wake up 
"eatting supper and playing \draw my thing\"" """
tofu zombies???  heck yea!!!
jakey's passing out in the chair and is trying to stay awake to watch his show   it's sooo funny!
*pouts*  i burned my lunch!!
what to eat for breakfast?     hmm    
gonna make breakfast for shawny and jakey 
sooo sleepy and i smell my coffee brewing      now i just gotta decied what to eat    hmm   
     i smell like flower food    
where'd all the sun go?  i miss it so   
<propfemale> sleepy still     debating if i should pick up a little more before our inspection   
wow    that was a super quick inspection    they were seriosuly here for about 5 seconds   
beef stew for supper tonight   awesomeness!!  now i need some girl talk   
would you rather wear a sux or a tuit?
what to do today?  what to do?
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep         
yuumm     poptarts   
<propfirst> went home a little while ago and now i'm lonely   oh wells     jakey should be getting up soon and i can bug the poopey out of him for a few hours   yays!
freezing yet buring up at the same time     weird   
<propfemale>
i feel like i have missed something     is that true?
"i love me some \bones\"" """
do i have to work today?
"\aww    i wanted to e'splode    \"""""
"so, <propmale> has been laughing for over 10 minutes now    all because i farted on him   "
more than ready for bed   
who's ready?
"i'm hungry, but i don't feel like eatting    "
i have yet to eat anything     what's wrong with me??
really?  facebook has spam now?  what the heck?!
i am at lost for words   
"i loved the sun today and the little warmth that came with it   but seriously, why is it gonna get cold again?  it's almost april and i want the sun shinning and brighting up my day   thank you "
"clean, clean, take to mom for almost  2 1 2 hours while cleaning, clean, clean, and clean some more today       yays for cleaning!!!        or not     you're choice "
i ish sooooo happy!   i am talking to my aunt <propfemale>!!  i miss and love her soooooo much!!!
"i feel like an old married couple sometimes   i tend to laugh now when he complains when something smells of mine   *shrugs*  oh wells   i have to smell his stink all the time, by the time he smells some of mine   ~~~~  yes, i know, weird   but what else do you e playful ect of me?"
bored and hungry      mehhh      
getting off work early today and then going to be bored out of my mind afterward   how fun   
*sniffs*  i smell like bleach      bleh     
the subs were awesome   definitely worth the wait 
waiting for the ovent o warm up so i can eat     and then getting ready for work 
relaxing a little before heading to bed 
"yays for being spoiled!!  lol  not really, but somehow jakey's making me dinner   awesome no matter how ya look at it "
woke up to having a knee in the middle of my back   yays for <propmale> being a bed hog 
"i have done absolutely nothing today and for once it felt nice   yea, i got a ton of chores to do after work tomorrow, but it was worth it "
"i'm loving the sun, but i wish it would warm up a little so i can have my windows open   it will be warm enough tomorrow, but i'll be at work all day    hmm   "
listening to screamo while doing the dishes    what could be better?
