48fd2523723b8d85439c2d38f07347ec
"partied my ass off last night! pissed someone stole my champagne, drank it, and left the bottle so i could find it empty   other than that, rang out the new year right  smile "
"not sure what i'm doing today  if anybody does anything fun tonight, let me know!  smile "
"just got macked on at wal-mart, in the parking lot, when it's 10 degrees out    those guys are keeping it classy  playful "
left my damn debit card at the bar    
doing nothing for the rest of the day sounds good
so excited for grad school!
celebrating my anniversary tomorrow  smile  then going on the canoe trip!!
think i want to hit someone
going to the rhino tonight! it's a rare occasion and everyone is invited to come out  smile 
going to the woodward dream cruise today
going camping for the weekend!!
wants to know what people have planned for labor day weekend
"chilling out with some banrock station, movies, and my boy"
"not sure why no matter what i do, all i get is disrespect"
seriously
couldn't hate life any more than right now       
working hard for my money
making some dinner
going to the zoo today
happy hallmark day! or i mean sweetest day to all!
haaapppyyy halloween!
"is doing online training at work, trying not to be too excited about it  wink "
is going out in the field  wink 
so sick with a fever  sad  i hope this goes away quick
"head is hurting, feeling kinda dizzy, and my fever won't go away! aaahhh!"
feeling a little better today   let's hope i can keep the ball rolling!
"been sitting at the house all week wanting to die, now i need to get outta here  even if it's just to the mall or something"
"feeling useless not being able to go to the gym    f(*% you, bronchitis! lots of work to be done next week"
partying at the hotel tonight so i don't get thrown in jail by the po-po later on tonight  wink  that would definately ruin my thanksgiving
happy thanksgiving!!
"i am going shopping today but just for a christmas tree, our other one looks like it's turning yellow  playful "
"put up the tree and now i'm drinking some cocktails, watching the red wings with <propfemale> mother fucking brown"
i'm broke for one more day and then i get paid!!  smile 
"to do: grocery shopping, christmas shopping, try to find a place to hide presents where kid won't find them    "
what to do tonight    
"there's a lot of work to be done in the gym this week, time to play catch up"
"totally decorating christmas cookies and watching my favorite christmas movie as a kid, the muppets christmas carol      lol"
"really pissed that i am sick again! at least it's no where near as bad as last time but it is really fucking up my workout routine   bye, bye muscle   i'll see you again in a month, i hope"
in a daze        sad 
"officially back living with mom    lame   at least, i will get back on my feet financially    here's hoping"
can't believe it's almost christmas    
happy christmas <propfemale> everyone  smile 
"i know my baby is a lot more comfortable now because he won't shut up, lol"
<propfemale> christmas to everyone! it's just not quite the same this year    
going to see avatar with the girls  smile  have my christmas cocktail there
this has beeen the oddest christmas ever
mission: get cleaned up and figure out what is going on tonight
wondering about some things     
work then i definately need to go workout! i have some catching up to do
left my phone at home       i hate when i do that   good thing i have my work cell  smile 
is it possible to have excitement and passion without drama? or do the two go hand in hand?
got a new dress for new years! oooo yea  smile 
"i can't believe the year is over! the last workout of 2009 and then it's time to party! happy new years <propfemale> everyone, be safe out there "
"had an amazing night! new years resolutions: take more pictures, buy a house, and enjoy life "
date night with my boy  love 
i think facebook needs a facelift        > surprise 
i would like to drink some delicious wine     if only i had some company to drink it with
made some meatloaf for dinner         turkey meatloaf  smile 
venturing out to the rhino tonight    wish me luck in this weather!
going for some exciting grocery shopping then library pub tonight
we cannot love and be limited 
"the best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own  you do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president  you realize that you control your own <propfemale>  - <propfirst> <propfirst>"
"the self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action  - <propfirst> <propmale>"
not feeling too hot today
bridal show today with my girl and then who knows
out to bar <propfirst> tonight  smile 
definately overdid it yesterday    
hmmmmmm                                                                                               
wish i was still sleeping like everyone else!!
i hate netgear
"you may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough  - <propfirst> crane"
"love <propmale> bank right now!  smile  going to workout the legs today, some running around to do, and then out to the rhino with my gals"
"debating what i should do tonight    might go to wings game, might not"
probably going to the liquor store tonight in novi    hit me up if anyone wants to join!
"ok back to having no idea what i'm doing tonight, lol"
"drank it up, spilled on my shirt, turned 'em down left and right, and made it home alright  smile "
first time i've slept in past 12 in i don't know how long
"let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness  - <propfirst> thurbur"
out  smile 
isn't sure what her status is
there's no stopping this hot <propfemale> shillelagh!! lmao
nothing like a little sex and the city therapy  smile 
my day just got soooo much better!  smile 
it's such a small world     especially in south lyon
sometimes you just have to know when to cut your losses
soooooo ready for tonight!! i'm bringing sexy back!  wink  lol
"happy birthday to my little babydoll, <propfemale>! can't believe she's already 6!"
"felt like a goddamn celebrity last night        it was fucking great!!!! danced my ass off, met some cool people, and rocked it out  wink "
of course my computer gets a virus from myspace     boooo!
does not want to drive around in this weather
interesting
"lies are often much more plausible, more appealing to reason, than reality, since the liar has the great advantage of knowing beforehand what the audience wishes or e playful ects to hear "
"just chillin tonight with some wine, <propfemale>, and movies"
"<propfirst> actually sent the first '<propfirst>' greeting himself  while in prison, it is believed that <propfirst> fell in love with a young girl — who may have been his jailor's daughter — who visited him during his confinement  before his death, it is alleged that he wrote her a letter, which he signed 'from your <propfirst>,' an e playful ression that is still in use today "
gotta do my taxes today so i can get some extra dough
"when it's dark enough, that's when the stars finally appear at their brightest "
legs feel sore today for the first time in i think months   yay for progress!!
"\i'm ssssuper sssserial\"""""
definately feeling it today from squats on monday!! just walking is slightly painful lol
hahahahahhahahahahhhahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! slop fests all around!!!!!!!!!!!
happy my shoulder doesn't hurt as much today so i guess i didn't injure it too bad
i love my fucking analytical mind!!! it's my best friend but also can be my worst enemy  wink 
sometimes it's hard to know if you are doing the right thing or the wrong thing when there's so much grey to navigate through   but usually your first instinct is the right one   when we push that to the side and keep searching for other things or answers is when we finally realize we knew the answer all along 
"i have reason to believe that i have victories to taste i can feel them on my teeth, upon my lips and in my chest i can roll them on my tongue, they are more supple than defeat i feel the tension in my lungs and every move is fueled by my resolve to breathe"
"less than a month away to the big 2-6! dear god, no! need some ideas of what to do       "
t-minus 8 hours until my people's holiday where you must drink until little leprachauns appear and try to steal your lucky charms! kiss my shillelagh and blarney stones!!!!!
"r i p  my little baby cat, she will be missed  crying "
regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable 
some need a challenge and others just need something to bend to their every whim; i like challenges 
"getting ready to squat some serious weight, get these legs even sexier than they are now for summer!"
"it's not enough, it never is"
it's like going from a ferrari to a pinto  wink 
just waiting for the shit show to begin
a knock off is good at seeming like the original but the owner knows the truth but pretends that they don't 
"\and confidence is the stain they can't wipe off\"""""
"it's gonna be the perfect weather, for the perfect weekend! 5 more days!!!"
"it's gonna be the perfect weather, for the perfect weekend! 5 more days!!!"
the pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity  the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty 
"i can feel summer coming on! i can't wait!!!!!!! tonight, tomorrow, and saturday are gonna be amazing!!"
"great night last night!!  smile  round 2 tonight in <propmale> oak, can't wait!"
"here i go for round 2!! ready, set, go!"
thanks all for the birthday wishes! tonight is gonna be a great time and i can't wait to see everyone there! the shit show starts at 9 tonight!!  smile 
thank you for the birthday wishes and thanks to everyone who came out and celebrated with me last night! i had a great time!! now it's time for some recuperating and having some delicious easter dinner  smile 
has a raging headache that needs to go away asap
so excited for opening day!! 3 more days  smile 
o yea! things just keep getting better all the time  smile  gotta keep the momentum going!! can't wait til tomorrow and friday!!!!!!!!!
so excited to <propfemale> out with my favorite people  smile   only 2 more hours til my girls and my boy will be here!
is checking out a house today
"tonight, we shall go watch the shit show at the cougar den     i mean, memories "
going to shoot some guns with the old man today  smile 
"people spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace  they <propmale> idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them  the irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within "
in real love you want the other person's good  in romantic love you want the other person 
"the first time you looked at her curves you were hooked and the glances you took, took hold of you and demanded that you stay and sunk in their teeth, bit your heart and released such a charge that you need another touch, another taste, another fix -dashboard confessional"
"all perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention "
gonna go kick my legs asses! lol my injury has no choice but to toughen up real quick!
chillin like a villian for the rest of the night
"when you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you "
"driving home, saw some dude right after he got hit by a car while riding a bicycle around beck and <propfemale>, just lying there in the left turn <propfirst>   why is there always retarded shit happening at that intersection?"
my hip needs a break but i just can't do it! i don't wanna stop!!!
officially decided to give my injury a week of rest and hoping that will do the trick 
"gonna not stink like smoke after the bar tonight! gonna be so weird    good for me, bad for <propfemale> brown!! lol"
love chillin with my boy  smile 
woke up way earlier than i wanted to    gonna need a nap  playful 
"our ideals resemble the stars, which illuminate the night  no one will ever be able to touch them  but the men who, like the sailors on the ocean, take them for guides, will undoubtedly reach their goal "
why do people think it's cute to air their dirty laundry everywhere? sick 
"today was a fairytale\i wore a dress\you wore a dark grey t-shirt\you told me i was pretty when i looked like a mess\today was a fairytale\time slows down whenever you're around"
bachelorette party tonight!!! it's gonna be nuts!
hopefully everything comes out beautiful  love 
wedding tomorrow   ah geez 
indiana wedding today! get to <propfemale> with my good friend <propfemale> who i haven't seen in waay too long! reception will be crazy!!
"so had way too much fun in indiana, got to see some old friends, got hit on by guys from 5 different countries, drank a lot, some dude threw up on my arm and all over another guy, danced a lot, and got lost in dt, stole reeses pieces, and enjoyed a beautiful wedding! lol"
about to go hit some baseballs around 
i'm nothing but a masochist    
anybody up for some volleyball today??
thinking about all the changes that need to be made to get what i want set in motion
my back is pissed at me    need to numb it    
how am i still getting sick when it's damn near 90 degrees outside? what's everyone's plans for memorial day?
say something new    
happy memorial day!
it rained for like a minute but that minuted foiled any outside plans i tried to make today     booooooo! making the best of it with my man  wink 
"\luck be a lady tonight\"""""
love wants a certain kind of closeness; <propfemale> needs space and distance to thrive 
ignorance is my new best friend
"wants to go to cedar point, go camping, visit colorado, go hiking, party on some boats, skinny dip, bonfire, canoe trip it, aaaaaand just basically have a fucking awesome summer     who's in?"
went from a nasty day out to a beautiful one!!!!! too bad my boy is sick in bed with strep  annoyed 
"made some delicious chicken, mushroom, and spinach crepes from scratch! wanted to take a picture but my phone doesn't like to do things i tell it   "
tigers game tonight with <propfemale> rocks!! hope it doesn't rain!
"you cannot judge the quality of another's friendship by superficial appearances, especially when things are going smoothly  it is only when we have e playful erienced the worst, most crushing of times is when we can e playful erience the joys of genuine friendship  only a man of principle, a woman of resolve-a person who stays true to their chosen path-can be a trusted and true friend, and have real friends in turn "
so sick of money           
i need a new gun show picture to put up          lol
"how does it feel, \what does it mean to you, \you're heart is real, \it isn't bulletproof"
"up north for the weekend, chillin at the cabin with my boo  smile  so excited! some relaxing time, definately need it after this week!!"
"cannot believe how many damn mosquitos bites i have and of course nothing happens to <propfirst>    i must be extra tasty, lol!"
"ooooo, is it thursday yet??"
going to the drive-in tonight and then ready to get schwamered tomorrow!!!
massage at the gym = bruised ass
"crazy that scream 4 is shooting in downtown northville! i almost drove through it yesterday, too   lol"
"tigers game tonight with my sexy man!! and it seems like everybody i know is gonna be at this game tonight, lol "
i broke down and scheduled an appt to see a doc about my damn hip back injury that i've been suffering from since april
"you cannot establish an identity through others, only sheep think that this is possible   leaders are the ones that are followed and i've always been the leader  wink "
told to take 2 weeks off from legs!!!! i'm gonna go nuts! that's what you get when you overuse your hips  wink  lol  i don't know how well i will stick to this plan     
"physical therapy for the first time today, found out i might have scoliosis               sweet"
sometimes you have to push aside your pride and bite the bullet
"something is finally working, now i just need to figure out what it is and keep up with it   maybe it's all of it, either way         starting to feel better  laugh "
"so i hear the walled lake beach party is this saturday, who's going??"
partying is gonna be at the beerfest thingy in south lyon tonight!! come join!
last weekend was a good weekend  smile  hope this weekend will be as good or better!
"damn, i can already tell when i'm done with physical therapy    i'm gonna be fucking dominant in the gym!! feeling better everyday!"
"love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the seperateness and integrity of oneself "
"reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction "
celebrating <propfirst>'s birthday tonight at <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s in brighton at 9 pm   come on out!
"one of these days the sky's gonna break and everything will escape and i'll know \one of these days the mountains are gonna fall into the sea and they'll know \that you and i were made for this \i was made to taste your kiss \we were made to never fall away \never fall away"
"the only thing on my mind is, \what the fuck just happened?\"""""
"to the gym i go, time to get these legs back in action  playful "
camping!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wtf is wrong with the world, there is always a mother frucker that needs a reality check    isn't there?"
is it really mid-august already??
who wants to go to cedar point around september 4th?? raise your hands!!!
making some dinner with my man
"lol, people are stupider than i originally thought        awesome"
"i am the voice you'll never get\i am the one     i am the promise and the threat"
fun night last night!! congrats to <propfemale> and <propmale>  smile 
"well, well, well   me and my cat, <propmale>, are gonna cuddle up, have some wine, and watch taxi driver   i feel like i have abandoned my child and he no longer knows who i am      lol "
"so many things i could do, yet i feel like doing none of them   the beach to get my tan on is about it, maybe hit the ol' vball around "
"\i was awfully curious to find out why i didn't go insane \"" -<propmale> maslow (founder of humanistic psychology)"""
"out to memories for my girl, <propfemale>'s birthday!! time for some cougar shit shows!! i'll take picutres for you, <propfemale> brown, lol "
"arts, beats, and eats + cedar point = fun filled weekend  laugh "
this morning has made me realize that i need to go jacket shopping soon 
not looking forward to tomorrow   it's gonna be a long day   anybody have plans for friday night?
getting tortured at an all day training  so happy to have a phone with internet to entertain me 
"i have nothing witty, fucked up, entertaining, mind-blowing, perplexeing, wonderious, curious, stupid or hilarious to say on the o-so glorious facebook "
"if you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to be a horrible warning "
"oh so very tired, i would like to nap "
"\you're the best thing that's ever been mine\""  wink """
r i p  <propfirst>   we all love you and miss you!
so excited for the weekend!!!!! gonna party it up with the gals cuz yayi's about to get married  smile 
my body continues to hurt me             
dinner with ms  <propfemale> peters  smile 
i always feel like i'm waiting for something
bachelorette party tonight for <propfemale>!! it's gonna be a wild night  smile 
an intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in his understanding of things 
so glad it was just allergies yesterday and nothing more
walk for breast cancer awareness tomorrow morning at the crack of <propfemale>!!
shopping with mom  smile 
"hopefully, this week will fly by  smile "
"if there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love "
rehersal dinner tonight  smile 
yayi's getting married today!!!!! can't believe it!  smile 
best weekend ever! i got to do so much and spend my time with all my favorite people!!
getting sleep but still feeling exhausted
fall on your knees cuz next time i won't be so kind
the muscle in my calf has been twitching for 4 days! it needs to stop already!
"what, what"
almost halloweeny-time!!!
"the millions of <propfemale> fleeing ireland's potato famine of 1846, helped to popularize the celebration of halloween nationally  taking from <propfemale> and english traditions, americans began to dress up in costumes and go house to house asking for food or money, a practice that eventually became today's \trick-or-treat\"" tradition """
love my world but miss my girl
"it's ol' hallows <propfemale>, bitches lol"
happy halloween!
is gonna be voting today!
blackberry's suck! especially the ones with the little rolly balls 
running around like a chicken with my head cut off  playful 
having a really good day! get to see mr  and mrs  kopchick tonight!
just wanna go back to sleep!!
"hoping this nice, mild weather sicks around as long as possible   <propfemale> brown is trying to curse it with all her snow talk!"
say whatever you want to say cuz i can laugh it off  wink 
"in order to motivate others, sometimes you have to just lead by example and hope that it'll rub off "
"you don't want to wait much longer because you think that you've been patient long enough  you aren't quite ready to initiate your plan today, but in your mind you have already escaped from the starting gate and are running the race  it's crucial now to pay attention to the differences between what you want and what you already have, but it's not yet time to bridge the gap "
"ah man, it's monday  boooooo"
sooooo irritated > surprise   i hope things change around as the day goes on    
glad that i have someone to make me happy and laugh when i'm upset   i'm a lucky woman  smile 
"tonight is time to get chocolate wasted with my bff, <propfemale> brown!"
being tired all day really sucks but at least i made it through my gym session
"i am thankful for <propfemale> <propfemale> hale for being a nutty housewife back in 1863 and pushing thanksgiving to be a national holiday! now we all get to stuff ourselves silly tomorrow  smile  tonight, however, is the biggest bar night of the year!"
thanksgiving was good but boy did it do some damage so i had to do some damage at the gym! now i just need something to do tonight    
saturday night is alright!
time for the gym   i know you are all so surprised 
to the ol' watering hole with <propfemale> rocks and downtown <propfemale> brown 
thinking about going househunting soon  probably after the holidays  anybody that's done it got any tips?
<propfemale> cochran concert in novi 
"good thing i bought extra cookie dough cuz i burnt one tray with a brand new oven that got way too hot, way too fast   then i wake up this morning and the \cookie monster\"" ate a third of them already     aka <propfirst> <propmale> """
i want it to be the weekend already 
"i'm too pretty to be in the situation i am in right  fuck you, to whoever tries to run their mouth to this status! lol!"
poker face  annoyed 
<propfemale> tomorrow  smile 
<propfemale>'s going away linner in <propmale> oak  i'm sad but happy for her!
all businesses should be required to have a snow day like the schools do! except for the gym and maybe grocery stores lol 
lunches all friggin week!
my traveler's check saves me once again! lol
"for a second i wish the tide, would swallow every inch of this city, as you gasp for air tonight, i'd scream this song right in your face, if you were here, i swear i won't miss a beat, cause i never, never have before!"
yay for friday!
"watching some south park, eat some brownies that i made from scratch, and <propfemale> with my boy  excited for the bash of the year tomorrow  <propfirst>, you must be proud  wink "
"lunch with <propfemale>, xmas shopping, and then it's time for craziness tonight at the xmas bash!"
6 more days til christmas!
i hate being apprehensive about stuff   it's usually because i have a feeling i know what will happen 
"wow, that was a rough start this morning "
"i need to be better with picture taking  a bit more shopping to do today, workout, dinner with <propfirst> and <propfemale>, then off to <propfemale> arbor to celebrate <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>'s bdays!! so much to do!"
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas to all! thankful to spend the holidays with the ones i love 
"had a great christmas  smile  best one i've had in a while   love you, <propfirst>  kiss "
"good luck in s  korea, <propfemale>! we'll miss you "
my boyfriend is spoiled  smile 
"happy new years to everyone!! i hope everyone has a great night and is safe! i get to spend the night with my love and a few of my good friends   yes, we are going to the hotel but at least we can walk back safely!"
feeling stronger everyday!
making some dinner and then machete! i hope it's as good as it looks 
i think i might just punch my work computer because it is painfully slow   today is gonna be a long day 
a little bit of snow and everyone drives like even bigger idiots than usual  argh!
cuddling with my man to keep me warm  smile  love it 
some running around to do today   then out to r o  for keithy poo's bday!
going to support my boo in redford today   time to wheel and deal some people 
unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth 
"worst sleep ever last night, hot and cold chills, aching all over, and coughing! hate being sick        i hope i can fight it off in a day if i just rest today "
honest disgreement is often a good sign of progress 
"driving all the way out to gibralter   agh   not fun in this weather   finally, over this cold almost so i think a visit to the gym is in order afterward "
out for <propfirst>'s birthday tonight!
time to whip these guns back into shape! no more sicky for me!!
old sex and the city reruns are the best
i would make the same mistakes again
getting the long locks cut  i'm scared! i hope it turns out good!
"ah, what a crazy night   that's all that needs to be said about that "
my hips and back are pissed off at me  sad  a little heat therapy is all i need
"i want spring to come!!! or take a vaca, whatever comes first "
"they need a pet peeves category   i would say: traffic, irrational unintelligent people, junk email, credit card loan financial corporations, and one-uppers "
going to see <propfirst>'s new nephew today  smile 
yay for a surprise pay increase!
dinner with <propfemale> and <propfirst> in brighton! then it's up in the air   hit me up if anyone is doing anything tonight!
unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our e playful ectations 
going to go see true grit with my <propfemale> tonight  smile  at the little south lyon theater lol
watching house    i love how nonchalant he is 
i do not have good luck with tires  this is probably the 5th one that has been replaced in a little over a year!  sad 
"super bowl sunday! who's gonna win, steelers or packers??"
what was everybody's favorite super bowl ad? i think my top was the pepsi <propmale> commercial where the girl chucked the can at her husband and ends up hitting the blond girl and taking her out! lmao!
wish i could progress with some things a little quicker! but good things come to those who wait             or those who push a little harder to get what they want!
just signed up for a certification program that's six weeks! i hope it's worth it!!
"danced my ass off last night and got it out of my system  smile  now, what to do tonight?"
gonna go see my abandoned child aka my cat <propmale> and sunday lunch with the rents followed by the <propmale>'s speech  smile 
my <propfirst> is taking me out tonight!  love 
cpr and first aid training all day  blah 
"last night = hilarious when you're at the classy rhino! had some girl calling me <propfemale> all night and even introduced me to \mark whalberg\""! i should've taken a picture lmao!"""
saturday night's all right
so sick of the snow   i want spring to come quicker!
took a snow day    looked outside and said f$^@ that   president's day on history channel  playful 
day 1 of torture commences  took me an hour and a half just to get here  who is the genius that schedules a 3 day training in the worst month of the year?
day 2 of fun  playful  can't wait for thursday night 
last day of training! hoping to get out a little early and going to the wings game with my man!
"i feel like an old woman after running yesterday, i'm too young for this! lol  gonna go tough it out at the gym   can't stop, won't stop"
the weekend went by way too fast
had a old man come up to me at the gym to tell me he appreciates seeing me up there and working out hard   i get some of the most random compliments ever sometimes   lmao!
slighly frustruated
"to find yourself jilted is a blow to your pride  do your best to forget it and if you don't succeed, at least pretend to "
who eats brussel sprouts and canned tuna for lunch? this girl right here!
sad my love is leaving me for 9 days  sad 
and the shit show already begins!
i need this headache to go away    so i'll go do some cardio and relieve some tension 
going to the hotel tonight with downtown <propfemale> brown! come <propfemale> out if you want! that's my open invite  playful 
time to attempt to deal with some bs > surprise 
"swim in the smoke, the hero will drown, intoxicating beauty tears everything down "
there should be no surprise that i do not condone fat tuesday   hoping to squeeze in a gym session then getting holmstrom's autograph with <propfemale>  smile 
wish my boo was back  sad 
