555c46f37ed599a132fc825316a8558c
is excited to be going somewhere already this summer!
is attempting to pack    again
is up and readdy to go!
its gonna be a really good night! great friend and lots of sugar!
"is packing, dentist, summerfest, then going to her sis's house! busy day!"
isnt feeling too well
is really sick of the bad weather  sad 
had a great day!
is in green lake!
going out to dinner!
has to give <propmale> a bath  this should be fun!
is packing for princeton!
had a long weekend of sitting in the wind and rain
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
passed her drivers test after a rockie start
learned a lot today!
ap chem might already be too much for me 
is ready for the weekend already
might be getting sick  sad 
ap chem owned most of my brain tonight  sad 
had a great day and is  really excited for tomorrow!
going to bed before a great day of testing and 17 <propfemale> classes!
"is loving the weather, it finally feels like fall!"
finished english!!!!!
had a great long weekend!
is happy!
had a good time over thanksgiving!
its just been a long day
"stupid english paper, why couldn't it just write its self?"
god smells like potted meat 
chem has yet again managed to kill my brain 
"copy this into your status and see how people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love you, 21=g   orgeous, 22=the best, or 23=couldn't live without you!!!see more"
is starting to feel the stress
twirp was awesome! i had a blast!
apperently no dc for another month  sad   stupid snow storms
is going to see pride and prejudice tonight! woo!
had a great day!  horses are awesome!
so excited for dc!!!!!!!!   2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dc here i come!  its almost time!
dc was so much fun!  feeling really tired and glad to be home!
is not really feeling like writing a 5-7 <propfemale> paper right now 
just rediscovered the awesome game called bioshock! whoot!
"had a great day, hopefully school won't be too rough tomorrow   "
"quote of the night, \well folks it looks like we're up chocolate creek without a popsicle stick!\"""""
had an amazing day and is hoping tomorrow is the same!
is ready to let the chem cram begin! wooot! at least it's the last one of the year 
why is there always <propfemale> much to do!?!?!?!?!?!?
super tired  ap chem tomorrow    
feeling extremely unmotivated today   
is really hoping the weather man is right and the rain and the headaches go away   
is not at all a fan of physics right now   
made it thorugh an extremely <propfemale> weekend with no burns!  score!
is baking a cake    smile 
had the best time tonight   smile 
best night ever 
really excites for girls night tonight!!!!
girls night was a blast!
just got stung by a <propfemale>  ouch!
went puddle jumping in the standing water in her yard with a swimming suit on  the neighbors faces were priceless!
"its offical, my phone has died  sad "
today was awful! i was reminded how over protective my parents are in 5 minute intervals as my friend who were allowed to go to six flags texted me  not to mention the great morning of filling pinang applying for scholarships  what could get better? not
i finally believe that my knee is mounting an evil escapade against me 
"just registered for school, got the thirty pounds of books, the summer homework, and managed to <propfemale> the pictures in my locker! i would say that's a successful day!"
who says you can't can food in your house till two in the morning? definitely not my mom!
had a great night! girls night should be a more regular occerence!
had an eventful last day of summer to say the least  zero hour tomorrow is gonna suck!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
just  made some drinkable fruit with <propfirst> weber!
today was not excatly the best day on record   
is there anything worse than a persistent migraine? i think not    
just bought her first m rated game by herself and wasn't even carded    
shakespeare anyone?
had a great weekend!
is thinking that ap bio should form a support group   at least for the labs
just finished her ap english essay  now on to the rest of the mountain   
"is just done with homework today  for goodness sake, its been 4 hours and almost half done   "
doesn't think she can be friends with people who don't respect her
whats on my mind? i'm gonna go ahead and say an ap calc test tomorrow    
learned taco <propfirst> is a safe heaven for many things tonight     
what would be the most epic halloween costume ever?
is loving the delayed starts
"age 4, we think: mom knows everything! 8: mom knows a lot! 12: mom doesn't really know everything  14: mom doesn't know anything  16: mom doesn't exist  18: she's old fashioned  25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide let's ask mom  45 i wonder what mom   thinks about this? 75: i wish i could ask mom about this  sad  post this if you have the best mom in the world!"
saw a shooting <propfemale> this morning and is hopeful for what the future may hold 
english essay down  bio and calc to go  sad 
thinks it is so much fun to come home from a weekend away and be yelled at when she walks through the door 
so tired and it's only monday!
managed to get a 98 on her calc test  is the end if the world near?
what could be more fun than scholarship essays?
60 farmville requests? its been a long time   
i wonder if a bath would drown my headache?
i kept a b in ap calc!
is finally done with the mind tortue called exams    till next semiester
super boooowlllll!!!!!
bed time sounds really good right now
ahhh! the vampires just called my house! do they know where i live too?
almost just broke her wrist shoveling the deck off   oww
calc is not my friend
hmmm what to do    
