085f4e8f2011a6bcae0b0f4c49eaab5b
so bored  nothing to do     
well i'm thinking today kinda sucks  ah driving on the freeway today!! im scared    
shopping tomorrow
dance kicked my butt today  saw <propmale> potter  smile   it was amazing!
went to the doctors  got blood drawn  my arms hurt!
4 days until california  smile  got alot to do
california baby  smile ]
chillin in california  hilbilly bbq tonight lol  should be fun  i miss my family
not exactly sure what to do     ugh!!!!!!!!
still confused         more driving  yay
alot is on my mind
hope i made the right decision           
sick of people and stuff happening and just this week     fml      i stress out too much 
so i've got 5 summer <propmale> assignment to do  and i have no clue what to draw  give me some ideas?
"putting <propfirst> down today  harley senses it and is real sad today, along with all of us  sad day period   "
warped tour baby!!!!!!!! so excited
gah! i wanna go shopping so bad  i keep looking at clothes online  sunday is not coming fast enough 
"<propfemale>'s and babysitting tomorrow, then shopping sunday! and possibly monday    yay"
still wanna go shopping     this is like killing me  im gonna be such a shopaholic when im older  geez
creepin me out      wtf?
goodnight facebook! probably wont be on until monday night  busy weekend  smile 
need something inspiring  1 out of 5 summer assignments are done  give me some ideas please!
do a ditty ditty dum ditty doo     
school starts tomorrow and i don't know where my schedule went!!!!!!!! ahhhh              this sucks majorly 
tour dates were released! yay
stessin      first all nighter of the year  geez
asians then babysitting mals  good day  smile 
i've been eating alot of rice lately    my asian is kicking in 
just woke up     i hate being sick!
goodnight!
i got a laptop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
watchin mama mia!!!! 7 days until i turn 16  smile 
i guess since i get excited about books im a nerd
i wish i still danced     =[
portland in a few hours! yay  laugh 
"whoo, money and an ipod, and a laptop, and adventuring in portland  amazing brthday"
so much music so little space     
going to game tonight  should be fun and cold
"i wish house was on , stupid world series"
watching sytycd with my mom 
just saw 2000 year old bread on tv    ew!
"i love my ipod, i love my ipod, i love my ipod  i will never let you out of my sight ever again "
hanging out with <propfemale> later
"life is full of beauty  notice it  notice the bumble <propfemale>, the small child, the smiling faces  smell the rain, and feel the wind  live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams "
be love 
house in 33 minutes! finally a new one    
"today i am thankful to have e playful erienced everything that i have, its formed me into the person i am today "
you know i am a product of the military  my parents would have never met without it  so today i am thankful for everyone ever involved with the military 
made an awesome smoothie     we broke in to casa de manshed for a banana 
i need to live in the vancouver school district     i wanna go to vsaa
watching survivor then bones then bed   
"good day today   hung with my dad, illegally drove by myself, went to sushi, watched a few movies    now gettin me some <propmale> & <propfirst>'s yo"
"hanging out with <propmale>, and listening to some beyonce"
hmmmm          
gonna go paint      again  did one painting earlier and now off to do a second  i'm feeling all creative tonight    
i feel dizzy and light headed     paint fumes  
i'm so excited for black friday
still sick         thanks dad 
"hot, cold, dizzy, headache, sore throat, can't talk right, everything kinda just seems like a daze, i hate being sick "
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my sister is booty licious  comment if you agree
intervention? hoarders? house? i'm thinkin so
"december to remember on thursday!!!!!!!!!!! ah i'm so excited! vampire weekend, white rabbits and <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
<propfemale> parton is a freak 
tgif
wonder what me and my daddy are gonna to do today? 2 days!!!!!!!!!!!
making a resume is hard   
she had the most amazing                                 smile
finals     suck  but thankfully i got the internet working  geeez
finals are finally over! i need a serious dose of sleep! tomorrow i take my drive test to get my license!!!!! i'm scared yo 
good morning everyone  smile 
"landslide snow falling off of the <propmale>, put one shoe on then the button and zip your lips "
i hate anime! ohmygod i hate it so much            
gallery walk tonight with my daddy  smile 
saints or colts??????? who should i root for???
today's gonna be a good day 
its only eight thirty and i feel like its 2 in the morning          
i wanna go to sasquatch so bad        
going to bed  i'm so tired
"there are three things that an artist needs to know: themselves, history and what's going on in the world "
"jonny <propmale>, google him, very amazing "
"bachelor finale tonight, who's gonna win?"
my laptop is being stupid  i am going to have a million extra credit points in french 
<propmale> koenig is so hot 
i'm beginning to think that i'm really bad at writing essays  i ramble    
dinner with my mom and <propfemale> was fun  smile 
i need a job
i think i'm beginning to love the sun    
"jonny <propmale> and eye alaska, 8 sleeps away  smile "
4 sleeps away    
it's time to friggin draw 
i have a theory my best works come from my dining room table    
"about to get ready to keep working on my drawing  all nighter? i'm thinkin so    coffee, eye alaska, and pure inspiration should help keep me awake  (2 sleeps!!!!!)"
"alright people, the wait is over  in a few hours i will be seeing eye alaska and jonny <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"planets deserve a place in space not my face  haha i rhymed, but seriously this is not funny "
amazing night last night    definitely feeling it today 
just found my phone! it was exactly at the only place i didn't look of course  i want to move to australia when i graduate 
survivor time  smile 
thunder    i love it  getting ready to go bowling  smile  who's all going?
one word: packing
"oh mondays, you come too soon   "
i have an interview tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!! ohmygosh i am so excited  smile 
frigging frogs in my yard need to shut up!!!!!!!!! there has to be at least 20 back there    
nothing says goodmorning like the backstreet boys  smile 
"love seafood, hate the smell  ugh        "
okay now its starting to smell really good  yumm  playful 
i love revisiting really lame music i used to be obsessed with and still know basically every word  smile 
"for some reason i thought it 7:48 instead of 5:48, i guess i'm tired lol"
"the maine has a new song called \growing up\"" if anyone cares lol"""
siopao  smile  mom needs to go to the filipino store more often
i love my sister  smile 
do you know how hard it is to wash a 120 pound dog in a <propfemale> shower?
the bachelorette is epic
i need new music asap
officially going to see cage the elephant with <propfemale>  smile  i'm so excited!!!
it's summer!!!!!!!
so pumped for cage the elephant tonight!!!!
that concert was sooooooooooooo good  omg       
"is it just me or is sytycd getting worse each year? now i'm lucky if i see a routine i like or someone with actual talent is kept over someone who sucks but can \grow\"""""
hangin out with the grandparents and my mom   
bored bored bored  anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
i keep going to do something then when i get there get distracted and forget what i went there to do in the first place!
strawberries = best thing ever
i think this summer i'll finish reading or watching many different series  i watched all of the oceans 11-12-13 movies and i'm re-reading the twilight books before watching the movies to see eclipse and then i'm gonna read all the <propmale> potter books  i feel like a nerd        
watching french youtube videos and i pretty much understand it  maybe i did learn something in french?
about to watch sytycd 
what to draw       any ideas?
just sprayed my sister a bunch in the face with a spray bottle and then found out it was hydrogen peroxide  uh oh lol 
painting  i really think i'm going to love this one 
"i want to do something with my hair, i just don't know what    "
maybe bangs     
why is my schedule screwed up every single year?
my dog just ran into the door hahaha
i rarely ever like slurpees but today is one of those rare days  the weather is probably playing a factor in this 
my eyeballs are sunburnt 
"if you\ \like\"" this status", i will post on your wall: something i like \085f4e8f2011a6bcae0b0f4c49eaab5b,coffee  the only way i can be conscious sometimes 
i think today is one of those days where i mindlessly do all these stupid facebook applications 
this kid is going to california!!!!!!!!!!!! whoo  smile 
i am leaving for 2 weeks for california in 10 hours and i'm not even close to being packed! oh my goodness     
things have just took a turn for the best  smile 
"i am home!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am also phoneless, forgot my ipod charger, and have no bathing suit  i always forget something    "
why am i so obsessed with shoes? it's a problem     
i need to go to sleep  goodnight facebook!
"she won't walk away, but she won't look back "
"just watched two documentaries  i feel like a geek, but i really don't care  they were awesome "
i need to get my schedule fixed    
school supplies make me extremely happy  smile 
"i'm going red  very, very red "
i wanna cut the blonde one 
all these chemicals in my hair are giving me a headache  ew 
i need to go clean 
"my schedule has been fixed  smile  do we have any classes together?\\1  advanced painting studio- tichenor\2  ap us history- wegner\3  pre-cal- klennert\4  ap <propmale> studio- harris\5  ap <propfemale> & comp- hamann\6  newspaper- berrigan"
i am the master of chili <propmale>!
screaming songs back at my sister <propfemale> <propmale>
carpal tunnel forming     i'm not used to writing this much 
last minute homework motivating music = <propfirst> holiday  who knew?
"i'm <propfemale> and i'm a retard and left my stuff logged in,  smile "
working on my 2010 christmas list  watch out everybody!
my mommy is the bestest       
i am a lucky fool 
off to <propfemale> with my mama  how cool am i? ha 
if you want to prevent <propfemale> lucas-liebman from driving then like my status 
7 inches  wink 
thanks everyone for the happy birthday's  i've had a perfect day  smile 
i think i should carve my pumpkin tomorrow 
got my blog in with 6 minutes to spare  smile 
one more dose of nyquil for the sick kid  this should wipe out the sicky once and for all!
editing articles is fun  i'm not even being sarcastic right now 
downloading new cudi right now  so stoked 
i wonder if i can get on the list for the show next week   
anyone have mrs  klennert and know what <propfemale> we were supposed to take notes on today?
"mom just started a sentence \shauna just gave me a teabag   \""  wink  tell me i'm not the only one who thinks this is funny"""
i wish i could get a good picture showing my red hair 
so is there going to be the breaking <propfemale> preview at the <propmale> potter premiere like there was a <propmale> potter preview at eclipse?
"well, good morning world  <propmale> potter was amazing  and because of my crazy rock <propfemale> lifestyle, i will not be sleeping  crazy right?"
i love you <propfemale>
has a brilliant idea for christmas presents for all her peeps  smile 
i wish they would just cancel school 
i need to start saving to see mcr in april 
i love <propfemale> troxel she's the best sister ever
there we are  where are we?
i was on the news tonight  smile 
oh and my hair is brown again 
"must stop procrastinating  more microsoft word, less youtube and facebook "
<propfemale> <propmale> is a grinch!!!!!
shopping? i think so  smile 
"come on snow, stick!"
listening to my mp3 player from 6th grade  this is awesome 
downloading new music  any suggestions?
man i do not want to give this drawing up  i like it so much!
"blind guy: i love to paint!\normal guy: oh wow, are you any good?\blind guy: i don't know \normal guy: oh! of course not   "
new <propfemale> spears song  smile 
i'm in a magazine and it's really exciting 
my sister just came home with a vuvuzela 
i was walking out of school today and someone thought i was a teacher 
<propmale> has a headache 
<propfemale> <propmale> is shaking her naked butt in front of my mom and i  it made sound effects  booty-clap? she's gross 
what celebrity am i like? i need this for a project and i have no idea    
"after i finish this project, i'm going to go read  i'm sad because i'm already halway through mockingjay and it's the last book   sad "
just sold one of my paintings  smile 
someone just inappropriately touched another's nipple  oh god 
love story sound better in men voices 
like my status if you want jayden to be born immediately 
"ooh it's 10:25, my birthday  smile "
