47b2572079a53f6d47edbf47e69916cd
finally has good internet
w e
i took too many quizzes
hell im out
i have too much time on  my hands
take my quiz
first quiz i made  was best take that one
the world is a small place
nothing
i am like a f**king horse    haha (its true
waiting                  
its now 1039    39 minutes too long for me to wait
someone text me
calling out to all trumpets in the bhs marching band  apparently the saxes think that they are the shit  ehhem     sangho yom
being ignored by ____!
is out for the night  trumpets sax's percussion i surrender  we all win  lates y'all aiight
"2+2 laugh ,,,, thats how tired i am"
"if you know it won't happen should you even think about it? if you think it won't happen do you give it the benefit of the doubt? how long till you can ask? should there even be a question? i don't know, do you?"
"whenever i find something good, how come it never finds me back?"
"women are like boxes of chocolate, some are nice and sweet, some make you feel like crap, and some manage to do both"
"life is also like a box of chocolates, sometimes it can taste like crap   "
"what can i say, other than goodnight and goodriddance to another day of my life"
text me -- boredd
sooo white people go out for sushi on their 16th and people from <propfemale> come to disneyland
no hw - i can go to bed <propfemale> day tomorrow!!!1
i get faster responses from people who are offline than those who are online > >
there's nothing on my mind 
why is everyone sick this week?
ipod updates take foreverrr
you have now left california > > hello <propfemale>
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
phillies  end of story 
6 hours of band and then a parade
"today, in french, we switched seats  i am now sitting next to <propfemale>  wtf!?!?! fml "
"women can not be trusted\ \"" (period)"""
women can not be trusted and men are idiots 
"i come on, she goes off "
sucky internet sucks
"to the world you may be just another girl, but to me you are the world "
"i've always loved you, it just took me till now to realize it"
"i want you because i couldn't have you, i couldn't have you because i waited too long, i waited too long for fear of rejection, i feared rejection because of how much i wanted you"
got my permit
says hi    and bye
new profile picture  playful 
doesn't have to get up at 6 for school tomorrow  smile 
hopes everyone is enjoying school and studying insanely hard for their ap tests while i am goofing off all day in washington
morning everyone
story of a lonely guy
> > mobile fb fails
if you like this status i will understand how your news feed is being flooded with i like you becauses
did you know you can google maps area 51?
dislikes liking peoples statuses and not getting a like back  crying   smile 
"i think people should like status' because they like them, not to boost their self-confidence   "
packed up and ready to go  washington here i come    
no longer living in my house  currently homeless living in a hotel  sad                  smile 
bye bye everyone
is now officially living in washington  goodbye california! and everyone in it  love   crying 
finally has internet!!!!
16
? ? ? ? ? ° ? ?? ? ?  ?
why does everyone go offline at the same time
is not celebrationg the 4th of july tomorrow
so bored
<propfirst> clemens and <propfemale> tomich need to get on facebook 
congrats to all those (nerds) who got 5's on their ap tests  smile 
dammit germany
"if you like this status i'll post on your \wall something i like, dislike, confession and first impresison if i remember it  (sometime in the next like 5 days)"
anyone else notice that the octopus chooses the box closest to it? that makes the box chooser the oracle not the octopus    
why am i still awake?
netherlands > spain
imagine having a spelling <propfemale> of names  spell xavi - chavi
wtf heitinga
 sad 
i know i'm in bc when there are 5 deer on the property
"so who sent me 1, just one question on formspring?? i mean really, make me get on for nothing?"
"they should not be allowed to call that the karate kid     maybe the kid that learned karate but no  sad excuse of a redone movie  not that was bad, but the original was so so much better"
i'm a single man would you be my exception tonight?
somehow has mono and strep    w t f  sad 
love how people are on facebook at 2 in the morn
back after a month in bbc  smile 
band camp tomorrow     get to memorize a whole new flip folder  hopefully some music is the same          ………
"moving to wa means i can't ask her out; tell her how much she means to me; tell her how clueless she is and tell everyone else thank you, so thank you for all the times and memories   smile "
"today was band camp for schmucks     i miss the \smart kid school\"" and in the stone is the 1 2 time show   ……                                          """
someone text me and lets talk
see previous status 
need someone to chat with … so bored and i don't know anyone up here  sad  text me
"from the moment i met you, all those years ago, not a day has gone by that i haven't thought of you "
sitting at the dol bored as heck to take my wa written test 
so bored i'm starting to look forward to school……
"if you always e playful ect the une playful ected then you stop e playful ecting the e playful ected, making the e playful ected une playful ected "
its 10 smile 0 and i'm tired???? school must be coming > >
moving ruins everything
school tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhh     crap 
"i really don't mind what happens now and then, as long as you'll be my friend in the end "
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return 
"love lifts us up where we belong; where the eagles fly, on a mountain high"
"you never know what you had till it's gone, even if it was right in front of your eyes "
"why does my heart cry, feelings i can't fight"
"what hurts the most, was being so close, an having so much to say, and watching you walk  away  never knowing, what could have been, and not seeing that loving you, is what i was trying to do "
slept from 230-7 can't sleep now
"i have what some can only dream of, yet i feel as if i have nothing "
congrats to all you beckman bandos who finally got sweepstakes  smile 
10:10 on 10 10 10
no school till 1:20  thank you psat 
inbox only blah blah blah ask me something you've always wanted to blah blah blah stays between us blah blah post this as your status too blah blah blah
previous update was supposed to be a joke from which the second party apparently couldn't understand…
<propfemale> <propfirst> if you are on one more random app of mine       
hey this is an important message to all the important people in my life  i need to know which group of dates would be the best time to fly down and be able to see you all so here they are: december 18-23 4 february 18 19-25 or april 2-10 please let me know
solar flare images on google images = awesome
"how 'bout baby we make a promise \and not promise anything more than one night?\complicated situations only get worse in the morning light\hey, i'm just looking for a good time"
"looking back, i have this to regret, that too often when i loved, i did not say so "
getting dark at 4 smile 0 is really going to mess with my sleep…
has successfully made the transition back from halo reach to call of duty black ops
what parade is today????
"sometimes, i need someone to say you'll be alright, what's on your mind\sometimes, i miss knowing someones there for me"
"when you get lonely if no one's around\you know that i'll catch you when you're falling down"
gd physics
if anyone spoils hp over facebook i will hunt them down  no joke…
<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1: too hyped up  2 1 2 hours of disappointment
<propfirst> bissell & <propfemale> birdsell get on
"why do people do things like abbkabgjekabgkjebngkjsbgkjebgklabskjgbeskgbs\this"
don't think i've done a single thing right in my life so far…
"one of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else"
she's everything i ask for and so much more 
"never had nuthin' 'cept you; i ain't seen nobody, ain't knowed nobody, ain't loved nobody, that's true \but if you'll love me, i'll love you, if you want money though, i won't do, 'cause i ain't go nuthin', i never had nuthin', don't want nuthin', 'cept you "
she had the most amazing…… smile
"there are a lot of girls up here, but none of them are you ?"
i hate barely having internet and cell phone reception   
<propfemale> christmas to those who celebrate! happy 25th of december to those who don't  smile 
"when you're a teenager and you're in love, it's obvious to everyone but you and the person you're in love with "
"just know, i'll always be there for you"
you make me smile
"so, how was winter formal??"
our generation needs to learn ballroom dancing 
love is a many splendid thing
"if i get a 55% on my physics final, my grade will actually go up hahaha"
"i hate mondays at school, but to be home and have to study is much worse "
"there used to be a real me, but i had it surgically removed "
why do girls very rarely start the conversations…
was going to post something meaningful but forgot what it was 
totally just beat starfox64 with peppy slippy and falco alive 
"a picture paints a thousand words, but it’s still not enough for how i feel about you"
haha beckman finals this week! have fun!!!  playful 
"the perfect girl, the girl of my dreams, is you because love is not about finding the perfect person, but about seeing that person perfectly   although, you are just about perfect "
"i'll never forget that night when it was just you and me, where everything seemed perfect, when i wanted to stop time and live in that moment forever "
you make each day worth living 
nothing like a 4 hour nap after school
"if i had one hour to do whatever with whoever, i would spend it with you to talk and figure things out, and fix all that's been broken "
12 days till i see everyone back in socal!!!!!
soooooo college night was pretty boring
"what i want is what i've not got, but what i need is all around me"
"it's always interesting when people who don't know me, hate me"
"happy singles awareness day    just kidding\it sucks"
so my phone is officially broken  if you need to reach me text me at 1-503-446-5357 (with your name since i don't have contacts) and i'll reply when i get wifi
3 days!
in 2 days and 1 hour i will be in orange county
"had to replace my phone, got the iphone so i can text now but i need your <propfirst>    so send me a text with your name or post it on my event please and thank you  smile "
totally forgot beckman didn't have school today
at sea-tac waiting to fly into cal!!!!!
how do you sign past future tenses??
at the airport about to leave california  sad  bye
back in dumb ol' washington
why couldn't we have had this snow on a school day
i wish pokémon were real    
story of a lonely guy: girls possess me but they're never mine 
i hate calculus
so who else is taking the sat tomorrow
well the sat was boring…
"i don't wanna just make love, i wanna make love last"
73 minutes of school tomorrow 
i rank #1 at beckman  be jealous
"out of school, now what to do"
is every compliment taken as flirting???
"forget the past, because people change  live in the now, and don't always make choices based on past reflections  life is about making mistakes, and finding ways to enjoy the outcomes"
everything is so quiet at 3
"'cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do, nothing to lose \and it's you and me and all other people\and i don't know why, i can't keep my eyes off of you"
this week needs to be over already
"for those of you who haven't found out firsthand, crysis 2 is amazing"
the term 'poke war' seems so hostile unfriendly  i think i shall call it cyber tickling 
"hello spring break, canada here i come"
it's sadies tonight?? i never would have known without the 500 status updates about it!!
in canada - intentional rates & crap so dont text me  thanks  smile 
