c7a2bf5bd06dd3aefcde9cb00f43a9ed
"just spilled white-out over my fingers  thus said, i realized that germ-x doesn't like white-out   "
"just broke someone's heart on facebook  i can't believe this is only day 2 of internet e playful osure  other than that though, i'm having fun   "
"just bought a pineapple baby at <propmale> world and named it macadamia (and if you don't know what a pineapple baby is, it's a pineapple that you turn into a baby)  at the time of writing this post, i'm holding macadamia in my arm while typing (i know, i'm a great first-time mom!) ah yes, life's good   "
"<propfirst> is being a butthead  he just abducted my dear pineapple baby, macadamia, and ate her to compensate for his 2+ servings of fruit that the government is forcing us to eat  what a sad commentary that is   "
"three signs you live in the woods: 1  you don't have any paved roads (check), 2  you just got serviced for high speed internet for the first time in the 30 years of your neighborhood's existence (check), 3  you just saw a bobcat in your backyard (and check once again)   "
i can't believe i just made over 100 friends in this short little time period of me making a facebook <propfemale> until now   
"my sister just came back from chipotle and brought me a vegetarian burrito bowl! if anyone hates 16-year-old drivers, it's definitely not me right now   "
"my dad is now threatening to exclude me in the family will because i'm not cheering on the dolphins (evidently they won just a while ago)  gosh darn, how i long to be included in the will once again!"
"after a facebook hiatus yesterday, i have a few updates to complete: first, i need to say a late happy anniversary to my\parents who have now been married for 17 years yesterday! two, today is peace day so i hope you guys are spreading love throughout the cosmos  three, i finally took a picture of myself and i promised a certain <propfirst> buckstein that i would dedicate my first profile picture to him, so here it is   "
"i missed a day of school to get my braces off   which are still on my teeth! so in order to get my mom's few thousand dollars worth of metal and to have optimally straight teeth, i need to wait nine weeks to see my mouth without a set of railroad tracks on them  november awaits   "
"call me old fashioned, but i believe that it's perversely wrong when the 2011 college board college handbook has twice the number of pages as the bible and is also double the bible's physical size!"
"how come the essence of dating brings along so many troubles and heartaches and destruction of friendships? and i'm single too, that's what really gets me! i'm not supposed to be dealing with stuff like this (no offense to anyone in a relationship!)   "
"because i am the most graceful person to ever hold a mechanical pencil, i have now mysteriously found a cut on my leg that has just started bleeding   "
"as i type this at the nearest mcdonald's to my house, i have this disappointed feeling within me because people like me who have been let down by century link's promises for high-speed internet have been let down once again  lesson of the day: never take high-speed internet for granted!"
"our idolization of materialistic possessions is not a product of society, but rather a symptom of our longing to be cherished  so stop your greed, stop worshiping your fame and fortune, and simply love one another! love is all you need!"
"happy birthday to my mom, who is 54 years young today!"
"a long cruise on my bike, a beautiful setting sun, a talk with god, minimal homework, and a dinner made with onions organically grown from my backyard all equate to a perfect thursday!"
thank you google for becoming the search engine of our lives! <propfemale> would not be what it is today without you!
"dear <propfemale>, \you'd better love the brownies i'm making you! \love, \<propfemale>"
chi-chi-chi! le-le-le! los mineros de chile!!!
i cannot believe my ears! my wonderful british neighbors have such a big house and such a large income that they can afford to buy a high-tech home phone that has xylophone-inspired elevator music when i'm put on hold! i love british neighbors!!!
"so i was watching the news this morning, and apparently <propmale> <propmale> is going to release his debut album in five days geared towards his younger fans  no offense to superman but it sounds like a kidz bop album  that being said, i think it's safe to say that <propmale> <propmale> should not quit his basketball gig   "
"i am now going to become a stereotypical, soap-opera obsessive, female couch potato all because of my new-found liking of \days of our lives \"" marvelous!"""
"how i long to be in key west right now, nibbling on key lime cookies and listening to <propfirst> buffett while watching the ocean waves roll majestically!"
can't wait to watch to world series! go giants!!!
"my thursday pretty much went down the drain when my walkman completely died on me this morning, with no traces of hope left to revive it  now i must mourn in the death of an obsolete technology which will no longer live to see the daylight ever again!"
i wish my pakistani friends would make their own facebook accounts   
forget going to celebration to go trick-or-treating   publix is where the cool kids go to get their popcorn gloves and pumpkin-shaped sugar cookies!
"dear nose,\you're a nice body part to have! you've kept me alive for all of these years and we've been together through the thick and the thin air  but when you're congested, it pretty much makes the rest of me sick and under the weather, and i don't like that feeling  so get well soon nose!!!\love,\<propfemale>"
"one more day until toy story 3 comes out! i can finally say that i can sob in the comfort of my own home instead of in a movie theater in roswell, new mexico!"
why am i being consumed by paranoia?
it looks like there are some brand new adventures waiting for me to e playful erience!
i find very funny (and yet very sweet) to be able to chat with my dad on facebook  it's just nice to see that my dad wants to be up-to-date on my life via the internet!
"thank you \      \        <propfirst> m  posephny for reminding me of the importance of november the 5th (v for vendetta fans: you know what this means)!"
"i am reminded everyday of how blessed i am to have such amazing friends, ones that run the risk of being called family   "
i have the strongest urge to go to an <propmale> magic basketball game right now   
feels frazzled right now!
god bless all of the men and women who have fought or are currently fighting in any american war  these brave people do so much for the citizens of our country and are not thanked enough!
i truly believe i am becoming a morning person   
"a disturbance in the force, i feel   "
<propfemale> haddaway could really use a hug   
the beatles is officially on itunes  <propmale> <propfirst> is officially engaged  today is turning out to be quite an official day!
"thank you, <propfirst> velez, for soothing my frantic nerves with your words of wisdom and encouragement that you bestow upon me time and time again!"
a much-needed thanksgiving break has finally arrived!
<propfemale> had the loveliest saturday afternoon at the mall with <propfemale>   
"the best way to spend a sunday afternoon is at a barnes and <propmale> surfing the internet (high-speed, might i add) on the comfy carpet in a corner of the kid's section   "
i love how people love me enough to bedazzle my wall sixty-nine times!
haddaway is officially braces-free 
"happy thanksgiving, ladies and gentlemen! beneath all of the fun festivities taking place this time of year, we have so much to be thankful for!!!"
getting braces off is certainly bittersweet  example: i love my teeth but i cannot stand my voice with my retainer on! i sound like the stereotypical nerd in high school who gets their books knocked from their hands and their glasses broken like in the movies   
"i love <propfemale> jansing so much! she ranks as one of the sweetest sophomores i know, by far!"
my face is literally frozen into a perpetual smile right now 
well this was another interesting day at school!
how come bollywood music causes euphoria?
humans do not realize how precious life is until they have played with their own lives or have been affected by someone else who has 
"rest in peace, <propfemale> edwards "
"to all of you super-fabulous people out there who are simply amazing, i just wanted to let you know that i love you to death!"
news spreads fast nowadays!
is 2010 really coming to a close this soon?
life is good 
how come disney movies always end up being tearjerkers?
so apparently <propfirst> m  posephny wants to be the flower girl to my wedding  that information alone should be enough to cause mass hysteria 
wanderlust has hit me 
"dear certain person that i will not directly mention,\you have no idea how worried i am about you right now "
"today is one of those days, i reckon "
"thank you, mr  bicycle, for making my morning on our spectacular quest through lands of beauty "
"<propfemale> christmas to all of you lovely ladies and gentlemen and happy birthday, jesus!"
this has certainly been the most adrenaline-pumping  gossip-filled  overall interesting christmas i've ever had!
"i am so incredibly proud of my newly-discovered italian roots right now, it's not even funny "
"oh goodness, the nerve of some people   "
is brushing up on her urdu 
"another \first\"" happened today in the life of <propfemale> haddaway: i can finally say that i saw a guy get tased today on the median of sand lake rd  near the obt by three cops  my response to this: i love the ghetto!"""
"on january 1, 2010, i was a newly-proclaimed teenager who had no clue what 2010 would offer her  as i type this on december 31, 2010 in the reflective mood that i'm currently in, i would love to tell that girl back on new year's day that this would certainly be the best year in her short existence  anyway, i just want to thank every single one of you guys for making this a truly amazing year for me  i love you all!"
"so apparently there is a great debate sweeping the nation we call the united states regarding the year 2011: what are we the collective people of these fifty great states going to call 2011? will it be two thousand eleven, two thousand and eleven, or simply twenty eleven? thoughts?"
"thanks for the amazing night at amenity, l e  <propfirst>, <propfirst> drummond, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> cudia, <propfirst> <propfemale>e, <propfemale> dial, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfemale> prevost, and <propfirst> <propfemale> g!"
"oh the times, they are a-changin' "
and normality resumes   
"one year ago today, an earthquake hit haiti and changed the lives of thousands of people around the world  let us not forget that tragedy and pray for the people affected by that natural disaster "
conversation is exhausting 
"finally, the moment every american has consciously (or sub-consciously) waited for: super bowl sunday  i'm so excited for the game, the tailgating food, the hooting and hollering at the tv, and the halftime show! the only caveat of tonight's big game is the sexist beer commercials that will air at every break  those, my friends, i can live without "
to infinity and beyond 
egypt's freedom: priceless 
"love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud  it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth  it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres  love never fails  \-- 1 corinthians 13:4-8"
wanting others to find everlasting joy + spreading the word= bibles for buddies 
"why on earth am i up this late? oh goodness, i'm breaking the morning person code!"
dear <propmale> kraft and <propfemale> <propfemale> françois: just admit that the skit we did in spanish today was absolutely amazing!
<propmale> jobs is the greatest leader in technology the world has ever seen 
"nowadays, humility is a luxury "
eureka!
"<propfirst> hearn, you pretty much made my sunday afternoon!"
curiosity piques mankind's inevitable fascination 
<propfirst> <propmale>'s theory of evolution is incredulous 
please keep the people of japan in your thoughts and prayers as they rebuild their lives 
who is the girl that is now deemed a full-blooded american because she ate her first pb & j sandwich today while babysitting? this girl right here! was it scrumptious? you betcha 
facebook etiquette is spectacular  too bad it's not as common as it should be 
the greatest way to celebrate the coming arrival of an ap exam: by having an <propfemale> garden bread stick  red lobster cheesy biscuit  cinnamon toast crunch party in the foreseeable future!
president obama: you are a delightfully grand leader 
is it wrong to like the <propmale> magic and the la lakers? it stinks to be divided between two great basketball teams that practically despise each other   
"isn't it ironic that florida is nicknamed the \sunshine state\"" and is also known as the \""lightning capital of the world?\"""""
