2c279a494e5d99a485af0629da4248e4
happy new year!
so glad i made the change!  so nice to be back in charge of my <propfemale> again 
make danzig wanna speak spanish
"always nice to go racing, even better when you find you still have touch!  smile "
can't wait to hide some wire!
decided off topic is a lifestyle not a choice!
on the road again  i just can't wait to get on the road  to feel that familiar ache deep in my back again  oh i just can't wait to get back on the road again   lol
is ready to take a break from wrenching on mustangs!  two rearends removed and swapped today  i forgot what a pain drum brakes can be   
is thinking about the possibilities of finishing his mustang projects in time for the car club challenge on sat!
is hosting a pool party!  hope i can get inside 
had a great time with family and friends at the party! thanks to all that came and hope those who couldn't attend can make it next time 
is staring another road-trip in the face 
it breathes again! fired up the coupe for the first time in quite awhile! need a new set of mufflers though   
i'm happy <propfemale> and i went to the track with a brand new combination and everything actually did what it was supposed to do! great time at mokan dragway 
"decided not to stress about what i think needs to be done to have a good day at the track, and just enjoy a good day at the track instead  i feel better already!"
had a great day at the track! <propfemale> and the little ones were able to join so that made it better 
tgim!!! thanks to everyone who was a crumudgeon this morning  i feel like i can meet the world head-on after all 
tgim!!! thanks to everyone who was a curmudgeon this morning  i feel like i can meet the world head-on after all 
officially has a 12 second daily driver on street tires and through the mufflers  can't wait to start fine tuning it!  bring on the weekend!!!
my mom was diagnosed with cancer  i'm taking to wichita in the morning for a pet scan and she starts treatment after that  please keep her in your thoughts 
"mom finished the pet scan in wichita this morning  taking her to el dorado tomorrow to actually talk with the cancer dr  get her  results, and to finally start actual treatment!"
rip <propfirst>  god speed and safe journey 
happy birthday!
is soooo tired
my mother saw her cancer dr yesterday and everything is going well so far! please keep her in your thoughts and prayers  thank you 
wants to see some cdra pics! anybody?
"went racing for first time in awhile, and got first place after everybody else let me win     smile "
happy and relieved that mom's  last test came back negative for cancer  hoping it stays that way!
"didn't run any quicker, but did get 108mph"
is heading to spfd for a couple days  anywhere good to eat?
thanks everyone for the well wishes and the greatest party ever!
is grateful for being blessed with wonderful family and friends!
looking for some mufflers for the blue stang
"is coming to the realization that sunday is officially \sleep all day\"" due to not getting enough during the week   """
