9cf3d24284c635235735fdc0a877a4f9
actually starting to like facebook
theres a hole in the world like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it and its morals arent worth what a pig could spit and goes by the name of london at the top of the hole sit a privlegded few making mock of the vermin in the lower zoo turning beauty into filth and greed i too have sailed the world and seen its wonders for the cruelity of man is as wonderous as peru but theres no place like london
well   
wish i was somewhere else right now  annoyed 
"lightning, thunder, and rain  oh how delightful  smile "
~mad as a hatter~
 annoyed  it's truly over  my first high school production over and done  but who's to say the next won't be even better?!  smile    decided to do singin' in the rain and can't wait for it all to start again!
so tired  heading off to bed  night
very nervous about call backs tomorrow   and super tired  gonna go take a nap
"bummed about the part i got, but oh well i'll get over it and do my best and have fun with it anyway  i'll be the best darn villian you'll ever meet haha  "
feeling awfully ill
woooooooooo! snow day!
mixed emotions about going back to school tomorrow   
avatar was an amazing motion picture  one of the best movies i've seen in a quite long time 
pre-show cast party was a blast  smile 
just put the last touches on <propmale> my 5' 9'' snowman  i'll put pics of him on later
i'm so excited! and i just can't hide it! i know  i know  i know  i know i won't you! i want you!
"hmm  well i got a good  half hour of sleep, have a feeling today is going to be a long interesting day  off to weights, see ya at school"
pants on the ground  pants on the ground  lookin' like a fool with your pants on the ground!
"saw avatar again today, just spelling its name sends chills through my body, such an incredible movie  i'd watch it over and over if i could   it really shows we need to change though   "
threat of a shooting tomorrow   kinda freaked and keep hearing different responses and parent bridge is no help  who all is even going tomorrow? i'm doubting if i should or not   
ugh  messed up opening night   annoyed 
well probably my last post until i get back   annoyed   i hope everyone has an awesome spring break!  smile  i'm going to miss everyone    now i'm off to the caribbean  see you in a week!
"honestly the best cruise i've ever been on  i had so much fun, i met amazing people (except snow white haha) , and had epic adventures, i wish i could go back and stay just for another week  annoyed    i'm not ready to go back to school  but i am excited to see all my friends again  it sucks i'll never see my friends from the cruise again tho  well heading to junction tomorrow  night  "
"had the best night ever, prom was simply amazing  smile  and avatar never fails to be epic,    getting ready to head for the school now so we can make the drive to fort collins for state, which we're going to kick butt with haha     "
going insane   well more insane than usual   i really want to just go out and e playful lore the world on my own already and figure out who i truly am or what i'm supposed to do with my life  and does anyone remember the old movie house arrest? if so do you have basement?? because i think my parents really need it  
  there is a disturbance in the force  
"thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday!  smile  \   should not have watched <propfemale> in wonderland   could be an obsesssion for quite awhile now haha   "
the deed is done   i officially cancelled my phone service and no longer have a phone  sad 
wow just watched my dad spend 1300 dollars on a vacuum    i have to admit it's an awesome vacuum though and the sales guy was super funny
it's too early   but watching lady gaga on today is helping wake me up   gotta love gaga
again it's way too early   
hike was awesome  except we all needed a good shower when we got home haha
had a good night  smile 
"just got back from <propmale>, had fun hanging with the family   band camp tomorrow   woooo!  sarcasm  "
"band camp was actually a ton of fun <propfemale> glad i didn't quit   even if it meant i got spit on haha   well headin to <propmale> to start our first family spontaneous vacation   be back next friday, then school monday  excited to see everyone"
home from the family's first spontaneous vacation! our winged vacation went basically like following: saturday: got into <propmale>  sunday: rockies game at coor's field  monday: elitch gardens theme park  tuesday: <propmale> mtn  nat  park (alt 12183 ft)  wednesday: water world  thursday: cog railroad to the top of pikes peak (alt 14110 ft) and cave of the winds  friday: independance pass (alt 12095 ft) and long drive home 
good night with the mother last night  went to the choir meeting then came home and enjoyed her homemade ratatouille while watching hairspray and laughing at <propfirst> travolta's funky role =p
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds, 2  the colour you remind me of, 3  my first memory of you, 4  the animal you remind me of, 5  ask something i've always wondered about you, 6  my favourite thing about you, 7  give you a weird nickname, and 8  challenge you to repost this "
just got my hair cut for the musical   ugh i could cry haha   i have no idea how to wear it anymore
i love <propfemale> benoist! she is my favorite person in the world  
"-i've just seen a face\i can't forget the time or place\that we'd just met, she's just the girl for me\and i want all the world to see we've met\mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm mmm mmm\had it been another day\i might have looked the other way\but i had never been aware\and as it is i dream of her tonight\la di di da di di\falling, yes i am falling\and she keeps calling me back again-\  if only  "
literally the happiest person in the universe right now!!! i don't think i've ever been this happy before!  smile 
<propmale> potter tonight!!!! can't wait!  smile     still need to figure out who am going to dress up as tho   hmmmm   
oh zero hour weights how i really didn't miss you   
i feel like i'm going to be eating a lot of cereal of the next few weeks  or more like few years    especially <propfemale> nut cheerios    
felt as though my toes should've been black when i took my socks off after the 10 hour inauguration ceremony in the freezing cold   had fun regardless though 
everyone who knows becca farrell needs to text her or message her somehow this instant telling her that has to go to winterfest with blane <propmale>!!!! no excuses or anything! she has to!! tell her now!! quick!!
"anyone happen to have a spare ticket to florida and a cruise on the epic because i really want to go back  oh and while youre at it could you happen to get tickets for all of the awesome friends i met as well?  wow that week went by waaaay too fast  really hating coming back to reality, by far best cruise yet!"
"and he shall be levon, and he shall be a good man, he shall be levon!!"
i love my family  so much    each and every member <propfirst> hall  <propmale> lafrenierre <propfemale> benoist blane <propmale> <propfemale> imbriaco <propfemale> mier  i know i messed up and i hope we can fix it  i am so incredibly lucky to have the friends i do 
