7ed065127d3c713df7f58c6eb6c32a9a
over <propmale> like woah
loving break  smile 
is happy to be back at sju!!!!
saw a black cat today    zoinks!
is going to guatemala!!! woot woot!   smile 
is applying for a job
 smile 
thanks for the birthday wishes  smile 
'terms
got a job!!!  smile 
homeee  smile 
boom de ya da
the shit berries are back     great
i  love  my cousins
"mo's engaged!!!!!  smile  three down, two to go!"
"meatballs, meatballs, meatballs  oh wait! more meatballs "
in the words of uncle leo: hot damn!
so much honking outsideee!! we better beat <propfemale>!
study study study
i'm willing to pay a high price for a fast forward button on life right now
what do you call people who are afraid of <propfemale> claus
3 more  smile 
mcfly is bangin out christmas cookies like woah!
"do your trick turn on the stars, jupiter  wink "
brrrrrr
bangin out paintings like woah
imma be imma be
hydrating for operation winter olympics tonight    
studying for the dreaded postponed  history final exam    ugh
back in the swing of things
"\let's fuckin do shit\"" ---- the wise words of <propfemale> <propfemale> casserly"""
did anybody else just hear thunder during a snow storm? creepy
"mice in mg, great "
parentals surprised me and came with <propfirst>'s  day goodies  smile   love  them
loving the olympicsss!
scheming      
jump jivin
thinks the new stride mega mystery gum flavor is strawberry lemonade    
home for the night   
"and the week from hell is finally here  awesome   i need fries, va asap!"
fries va fo sho!!!!!!! love love love our group!
bubble tape   best throw back everrr
come to the garage tonight 9-12 for the sip fundraiser! under 21 can come too!
"found a wonderful place to live in after graduation in morristown, nj!  smile "
last class in college everrrr!!
strugglin through an 8 <propfemale> paper on masturbation    i need shots
exams shmams
badda bing bada boom
finals are over  guatemala in 10 days  life is good   laugh 
graduation  guatemala  move in to house  start job   sister's wedding   oh the excitement!
guatemala for 10 days!  woot woot!
nitro still beats kingda <propfemale> in my eyes
waka waka
i can't get enough of techno music
inception is the coolest movie ever!!! make me an architect!
missing nyc already     friday where are you
what's on my mind? i'll tell ya----kickball
philly pubcrawl all day  smile 
teenage dream on repeat
best weekend everrrr!!!!!
loving the weather! outside!    smile 
