fdd4db0bbf713e3d51902596988361e1
"doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow  but, i'm glad i still have a job! hoorah, forty hours    this scotch isn't too bad  hmmm "
misses gabby bisol! zakk misses his godmother  she must see how far he walks by himself 
"self-tanner not working  i am still very vanilla  could use my forehead and thighs as solar panels  subtle skin-darkening complex, my ass   literally "
"is frustrated with social networks  ahhhh! there's too much going on here to read and see everything! the pics, the comments, the blogs  tests, clubs, groups, friends, albums, links  must   read   all   "
"steak, steak   steak, steak, steak  steak  wow, the word looks funny and wrong when you type it that many times  texas de brazil and many bathroom hours ahead!"
"is being a little vengeful right now  <propfemale> will get me, i know, but when you have such resources   "
"curry beef for lunch, yum! seven minutes before i go back to work   "
a little nostalgia    i feel like i  should be registering for fall classes right now  (sigh)
"is missing her big truck right now  no, i don't mean the uhaul   "
my nose is like a faucet  i don't want to go to work tomorrow!
how do you get green icing stain out of a toddler tank top?
"only a few minutes before the boy wakes up  list of things i could do: sleep, have coffee, work on my novel, make a grocery list   "
labor day weekend  eating grilled hot dogs and watching 'balls of fury' with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  baby asleep  now i will have rum  (can <propfirst> walken be anything other than fabulous?)
"fixing my eyes for good tomorrow morning  i suspect it will leave me looking very hung-over  bye-bye, glasses and contacts!"
"so, about lasik   has anyone seen fire in the sky? (the movie, smartasses) i was a little afraid they were implanting an intergalactic homing device "
is wondering what the mfa students think of the twilight series   
"we had a cold front today  in florida-speak, it means 'winter'  perfect for an <propfemale> cream latte with the hubby at barnie's! (where he gave me a tutorial for my new instinct from sprint)"
"too much rum  a publisher wants to see 3 chapters of my romance novel, yay!"
was married 12 years ago today!
stayed home with baby today  weather is yuck  must get a flu shot   
bubbly baptist supermom housewife neighbor wants to be my new best friend  should i tell her my sister has a wife and we believe in reincarnation?
took zakk to see <propfemale>  at 9 surprise 0pm <propfemale> doesn't want to ho ho much  crying and squirming ensues 
thought she could handle 5 rum-and-cokes and two long island ice teas and still stand up unassisted  (clearing throat) <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
"just finished the phantom of the opera (the audiobook)  so good  disfigured recluse geniuses are always great reading  i hated raoul, though  wimp "
baby refuses to go to sleep! thinking of giving him rum   
zakk is finally sleeping all night in his own bed! (most days)
<propfirst>'s day = jewelry and chocolate in exchange for not being able to say you have a headache  wink 
"oh, how i love rummmm    "
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, guys! love you all!"
"wants to go to texas de brazil! mmm, tummy full of steak "
kohl's gift card   should i buy heeled sandals or a few solid color tees?
"ate too much steak in honor of her friend j t  who is now a husband  don't worry, j t  without a paternity test no one will know zakk is yours  oh, wait, ooops   "
"can my bangs grow out now, please!?"
applied to <propfemale> to teach a summer class  ick  was that a huge mistake? as if <propfirst> doesn't suffer enough from me being 'too tired'   
was clash of the titans supposed to be a week-long series on the sci-fi channel and they took a <propmale> putting it on the big screen? and can no one put their accents in their pockets anymore? an aussie in argos was a bit tough to take 
facebooking in work parking lot  attention-hungry toddler makes it too hard to do at home 
special k tastes just like rice crispies except they have more mass 
third day of my vacation  i made taco soup  it was pretty good 
happy late mother's day to all my favorite moms! i hope you all had a wonderful day 
"so, <propfemale> asked me to teach fall classes!   at the osceola campus  rrrrr  think i'm going to do it  hmmm "
will be teaching freshman comp 1 in the fall! will i survive?
"\either this kid has a light bulb up his butt or his colon has a great idea \"""""
"how come <propfirst> always gets to spread the news first?! it's my uterus, after all  now everybody feels like they have to comment twice in two places  gosh!"
cut my hair again  i think i actually improved it this time  durn bangs are finally almost grown out!
trying desperately to fight the waddle  despite the ball in my belly i will keep the spring in my step!
sick at home haiku: my nose was a bog  now it is like a canyon  i love sudafed 
whew! finally got through my first class without a panic attack  yay 
i made pumpkin cheesecake and it's awesome!
class number 2 done and done  do you know how hard it is to teach outlines and effective introductions without putting 25 students in a boredom coma?
20+ narrative papers to grade next week  yikes!
rrrr  do freshmen really think i won't know they copied their essay from a free essay site? what a headache!
"thanks for all the well-wishing  hope today is the day, but i think this boy will beat me up for a little while longer!"
"if <propmale> makes his induction date, he will be a capricorn  if he comes a day before, he'll be a sagittarius  hmmm "
"another boy in the house  oh, what to do? thanks to everyone for all the best wishes  i can finally reach my feet again!"
i forgot the challenge of typing with one hand and holding a <propfemale> human in the other  mom tardieu took zakk to the park  thank you!!!
squeak is squeaking  (<propmale>) guess that's my cue  he sounds like short bursts of tires squealing 
"medusa from the new clash of the titans looks just like <propfemale> <propfemale> from shrek   the face, of course "
is it me? or does <propfemale> swan just love screwing up everyone's life? just pick a human boyfriend for gosh sakes!
i'm wearing a belt with my jeans right now! it had dust on it from being in the back of the closet for half a year 
the best way to describe a milk let-down   a boob-sneeze 
"anyone know how i can steal all the <propmale> photos <propfirst> posts and put them on my profile, too? (too tedious to post them from our file!)"
"cut zakk's hair today  put him down for a nap right after so i'm not sure what it looks like yet  yikes  don't panic, everyone, it's just a trim!"
typing while baby sleeps on chest  man that took forever!
<propfirst> asked me to be his girlfriend 16 years ago today  i hope he's not disappointed in his investment   smile 
flipping channels allows me to enjoy the freedom not to commit 
baby finally dozing  enjoying some cheez-its  thinking about writing a vampire novel 
does not want to go back to work  rrrrr  time to make nice with the breast pump again 
meat lover's take and bake and ghost adventures with hubby  one more week of maternity leave!
already thinking about how much i'm going to miss my boys  my greatest comfort is that i am leaving them with <propfemale> and daddy  so lucky am i!
"11 tops, a sweater, a pair of jeans and 3 toddler tees for fifty bucks at goodwill today! thrifting is awesome "
back to work on monday  nothing like ending maternity leave on my 13th wedding anniversary  blah 
"i survived my first week back at work  should i put a sign on the big bathroom stall that says \the mechanical sound you hear is a breast pump\""? i know they wonder """
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! (and to my mother-in-law who posted hers early this morning but it didn't come through)  the credit is due! love to you all and thanks for thinking of me 
j t  was right  magic bullet is cool but not as magic as they suggest   
just finished my birthday publix cinnamon roll from <propfemale> and <propmale>  yum!
hoping that the avalon barnie's closing down was just an april fool's joke  i wouldn't be mad  honest 
