d13af8b01d8b9831172f9321a2ddedd6
"\you'll see me waiting for you on the corner of the street  i'm not leaving \"""""
ugh    finally deleted him    maybe i'll be a little less paranoid now   
so i miss all my friends     sad  placerville is boring    wish you were all here   or better yet i was there    going to see transformers 2 tonight at midnight!!!!
"he is on my mind    he always is     smile  stupid mind, must be defective or something   "
i cut my hair  like 12-13 inches off   
this goes out to all of my friends    you guys don't have a clue how much you mean to me  i love you all to death  i'd be lost without you guys   smile   love 
people should text me  972-8382 
has a lot on her mind   
so    big decision being made    need to talk to him    can't    perfect 
now that i think it might all work    it might not happen    and gosh darn it i want to talk to him   
i want to go to a movie  who lives in bv that can drive that would want to take me? haha
not what i was hoping for  but exactly what i was e playful ecting  making my suspicions seem true  i hate that   sad 
i wish i could go back in time  to that very day  and tell myself how stupid i was  and to stay away  and then i would have never met you  never had to go throught this pain  i hate that i still love you 
"i wish there was a way i could just disappear  so that no one would notice, and that no one would miss me  like i had never been there in the first place   "
is frustrated that everyone seems to be so frustrated with each other  why can't we all just let go of our frustrations  because the frustrations are all so frustrating   annoyed 
ok  so  yeah  i  yeah  ugh  just don't know what to do with myself 
the script rocks my socks!  smile  love 'em!
wishes her parents would actually let her do stuff  i mean can't i have a life?!
so lifehouse was amazing  i love the lord my god  i'm coming back to the heart of worship  and my friends are all amazing  i love you all!!! seriously you have no idea!  smile   love  i feel so much better  thank you lord
"distractions are very good, especially when they are cute   playful "
wants to talk to a certain person   smile  ha  this is fun  i've been missing out 
"is planning on going to see <propmale> potter tomorrow, already has two tickets  needs someone to go with her that can drive or has parents that are willing to drive and drop them off     ?"
when i wake up i'm willing to take my chances on the hope and forget that you hate him more than you notice i wrote this for you
"ok i get way too into these things too fast  and i shouldn't listen to other people  on occasion i actually am right  i'll admit it's a rare occasion, but still   "
"what's on my mind? well this new guy is  but i'm not really sure that's a good thing    not gonna happen anyway  so whatever  it's not that big a deal, right?"
going to a movie with my bff!! woot!  smile  haven't been this happy since sunday!
meh  kinda wanna maybe talk to him  but can't  oh well  fun  ha 
is spending the night with the most amazing girl   smile  my bff <propfemale> <propfemale> evans!!!
i can't wait to see him tomorrow  i hope he's there  i still don't know if he will be    hopefully   smile 
really needs to get out and do something tonight    like desperately   
i know it's all worth it in the end  but i hate the days where you feel so worthless  like nothing you can do will ever be right or good  and that there's no escape 
is really hoping that today will be better than yesterday  i really wanted to help at vbs too so that sucks 
ok everybody that is online right now should comment this with their name   smile  por favor  my chat isn't working  and i want to talk to people   smile 
really wants to go to vbs    is there anyone that goes that lives in bv that might be willing to give me a ride   ?
thinks that a big group of people should all get together and go to the movies tonight!!! it would be so much fun   smile 
movies tonight??? anyone interested??  smile  you know you want to     playful 
facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on settings up at the top where you see the log out link  select privacy  then select newsfeeds and wall  next select the tab that reads facebook ad
"well i'm going camping for a week  want someone to come with me though  if you're free and would like to come call me  821-1585, or 972-8382  if it's before 6 you should call the 821 number, cuz my mom borrowed my phone at work  thanks!  smile   love "
finds that when she isn't preoccupied with a guy in her life her status changes far less often  and she likes it   smile 
"days like these, that turn to nights; songs that can find no <propfemale>; a soul darkened with a longing for a love that will never be; time ceases to exist; a desperation that comes from a place that no one desires to find; two fates helplessly intertwined; a"
"\i guess sometimes there just aren't enough rocks   \"" ~forrest gump"""
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you  hoping this goes well  c:"
is going to <propfemale>'s wedding today   smile   love 
the wedding was beautiful    and <propfemale> looked absolutely gorgeous   love     as usual   haha  smile 
so i'm thinking that maybe i made a mistake   ? maybe i shouldn't have been so against it    and allowed myself to consider it 
just realized that no one ever writes on her wall  which makes her sad   sad  cuz i wanted to do this note  but i can't cuz i don't have enough people that have written on my wall  haha 
i want to know what classes you're taking    yes you!!!  smile  so comment and tell me  thanks   love 
<propfemale> mcmillin~ you are an amazingly brilliant mastermind!  love  <propfemale> <propfemale> bauer~ you are seriously the most beautiful person i've ever met! (inside and out) <propfemale> evans~ girly i love you to death! ur just idk  beyond words  haha  <propfemale> matzenger~ i misss you soooooo much!!! i wish you were on when i was haha  we always miss each other  can't wait to see you at school   all my facebook friends~ i love you guys!!  love 
to my day: if you are planning on getting any worse please wait until tomorrow  i can only take so much at one time  thank you   smile  p s  you'll probably enjoy it more that way too  cuz then my misery will be fresh  hahaha
doesn't like complications  they just make everything so complicatingly complicated  simple is good   smile 
is really not herself today  idk what's up  randomly started crying earlier  and i'm not pmsing so basically i'm just retarded  bleh  no fun 
if you see me tomorrow you should give me a hug  i need hugs   sad 
is going to her bro's football game  you should go if you have nothing better to do  wish i could have gone to the party   sad  oh well 
so my parents think i broke my foot    idk  i'm walking on it    so i don't think so    but who knows   ? haha  it better not be broken   i love soccer way to much   playful 
"lifehouse was soooo amazing   smile  everyone should come next time  you can feel god's presence so clearly  it's insane  i love you all  i won't be at school tomorrow, cuz my dad is taking me to the doctor to get my foot checked out    pray for me   smile   love "
"if it was easy everyone would do it---but why shouldn't it be easy so everyone can--- if everyone did it, it wouldn't be worth it "
"can be quite stupid at times    and wonders how she will get through life if she doesn't get smarter    she's the type of person that would be alone in a <propmale> and come across a grizzly bear that looks hungry, and she would come out of her hiding spot to go ask the bear if it was hungry    and only after the bear had stood up and started growling and advancing on her would she realize that bears can't talk   "
i feel like i would be so much happier if i didn't think so much  haha 
so                    yeah    status updated  officially   playful 
is really sick but has a spanish test today that she can't miss so she is going in late  meh  pray for me por favor 
if i were to actually list everything on my mind right now it would take facebook forever to load    although i'm pretty sure that they don't allow your status to get that long just for that purpose    which means they should change the question    and i'm sick  please pray for me 
has heogyudh vfnewute woytr vaer tnreiputaet hadfffpa0  on her mind  and it won't leave  fun 
"i love <propfemale> <propfirst> trott and <propfemale> <propfemale> evans!!!!!!!!!!!!! you two are amazing  i love all the rest of you too, just not quite as much   wink  jkjk  love "
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yeah  maybe   smile  i kinda like it  it's not my usual  that's for sure 
haha  this whole people complimenting you at random thing is so new to me but i love it  haha  idk how to react   playful  love you all!  love 
 laugh  haha  i love how i can be sick and still get more random compliments than on any other given day   playful  makes me feel a lil better  even if they are just for that purpose  lol 
i would say that today was a bad day    it should have been a good day though  that's just lame  i did call it though   
hoy fue <propfemale> <propfemale> mal  quiero hacer algo divertido  no se que o si puedo  pero necesito hacer algo! y quiero hablar contigo!  smile  972-8382 text me
"wants to know why it is that some teenagers go through life perfectly happy and wonderful, and yet others seem to find that the world is against them and that nothing will ever go right?? i know it's not true  but sometimes the feeling is just so overwhelming you can't really find a way out of it   "
"the average person tells 4 lies a day, or 1460 a year a total of 88,000 by the age of 60  and the most common lie is: i'm fine "
so is it worse if you are blatantly depressed or sarcastically smiley??
"so how bad  is it, that the one i didn't think would be possible is and yet the one that seemed most likely isn't    and that even when nothing's going right i can be happy for a few seconds without questioning it   ?"
has decided that she is the perfect emo  always smiley and bubbly and laughing    yet no one is more alone  you'd never know   smile 
really really misses <propmale> <propfirst> crosby   crying  not seeing him takes like 6 hugs out of my day everyday   sad 
is prepared to have an incredibly suckish weekend  and me muero de hambre!! haha  i want sonic   playful 
oh     and i need everyone to comment this with their top 5 favorite websites  please!!! and when i say everyone i mean everyone!!! haha  thank you   smile 
gosh i love that boy haha  smile 
haha  so many people took my quiz! i feel loved   playful  lol 
what do you think is the best way to ask someone (or guys to get asked) to <propfemale>'s??? i would like billions of ideas  haha  please share   smile 
"estoy enferma  no se con que, pero mi mama va a tocarme a la doctora manana   smile  os amo!  love  habla conmigo!"
what are the best and worst things about me?? share your thoughts then copy and repost to your status to see what people tell you 
is happy   smile 
"i'll bet i could go a month where i use only <propfirst> swift lyrics to update my status messages, and it would be the most accurate description of what's going on in my head  haha   smile   love "
lol  <propmale> and i have such an interesting relationship  haha   smile 
haha  ok  <propmale> brill is amazing   smile  i had to  after that status     playful 
"fyi if i call you a \dork\"" that is like one of the highest compliments you can receive from me   playful  seriously  haha """
"forever, your eyes will hold the memory  i saw your heart as it overtook me  we tried so hard to understand and reason, but in that one moment, i gave my heart away "
home alone! and on the computer woo! lol  i'm so boring  mcdonald's playplace with <propfirst> wood and <propmale> garcia was awesome  haha  you know you wish you had been there!  playful 
<propfirst> hansen and <propfirst> <propmale> two of the most amazing guys you will ever meet   smile 
a large quantity of my bestest buddies are online all at the same time   smile  yay 
i have realized that no one would talk to me if i wasn't so obnoxious    haha  i start up random conversations all the time    and when i don't no one is talking  to me    lol   playful 
"so i have decided that it is a very good thing that i am so obnoxious on facebook    because otherwise i would never have gotten four of my best friends   smile  <propmale> brill, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> scheibel, and <propfirst> hansen "
just made chocolate chip cookies of delectableness   smile  sometimes i enjoy the fact that my mom doesn't like to bake  haha  then i get to!
47 friends online  haha  crazy!!  playful 
message me!! (if you want to talk ) haha   love   smile 
does anyone know how to upload multiple photos at once????
meh  why is he online any other time? i'm so tired   annoyed 
ugh   
"i really hate new year's  every year always sucks just as much as the last, so why do we  bother to celebrate it like we've solved all the world's problems and now everything's perfect? i think the real reason we celebrate is because everyone knows how much the year is going to suck so they are using it as an excuse to get drunk so they don't worry about it as much  haha "
buenas noches a la gente <propmale> mundo  haha  idk how to say that any less formally without having to use a tilde or accents  oh well   
 smile      that about sums up my feelings as of late   smile 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   laugh   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   playful  and that is how he makes me feel   smile  hahaha
soooooooooooooooooo    yeah   smile  haha  i can't even say anything here   playful 
"i love that boy   smile  and <propfemale>, i'm here for you  don't forget that  i love you   smile "
i am going insane           ugh   
"honestly sometimes i don't know what's wrong with me, and i never know how to fix it    feel free to enlighten me "
i'm not even sure what to think    you don't need any of this 
so if anyone is interested in being wonderful and making a donation to help the ths robotics team's trip to atlanta for nationals please let me know   smile  $900 00 per person is a little insane and anything helps 
 sad  idk
i wish i could just fix everything  but i guess as long as it all works out in the end   
people disgust me 
i think i need to figure out who my friends really are 
"if you e playful ect me to care, don't "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile   smile  set this as your status & see how many people you have made smile """
i really wish that there was someone that i could talk to   sad 
<propfirst> you just made my day   smile   smile   smile 
feeling very alone   sad 
so it looks like i am going to prom   smile 
i'm really wishing that there weren't so many things wrong with me   
why do i feel so alone all the time?  sad 
i got my dress   smile 
i don't know what to be right now  haha 
*sigh* no matter what i do   
 smile 
so    idk 
 smile  mmm i live for that smile   love 
 sad 
miserable at best 
's mood probably shouldn't be so dependent on another person   
*sigh* i don't think i'll ever be good enough   
has the most amazing boyfriend in the world   smile 
screw life  it's far too inconsistent 
gosh how did i get so lucky?  smile  smile  smile   love 
comment or like this status if you are going to prom  i'm kinda curious as to who all is going to be there  gracias 
is completely in love with her boyfriend   smile 
i don't think that i have ever received as many compliments in a month as i did in just one night   smile  thanks everybody 
    so i don't post statuses nearly as often as i used to 
god i really wish that i had never met you  then i actually could without feeling so guilty for hurting you 
school is almost out   sad  i hate summer 
"\shot down by strangers whose glances can cripple the heart and devour the soul\"""""
losing it 
so you know what would be nice??? if i could sleep  yeah 
haha i'm on the roster for both cross country and track and yet i didn't compete on either team this year   
so as i got home from school today i realized that the only thing that i'd eaten in the last two days was a small fry from mcdonalds    haha 
"if you like this status, i'll post something on your wall that i like about you   smile  it should be fun "
"you know how there are all those once in a lifetime opportunities that you only get in high school? yeah, well i hate those "
does anyone else have parents that make them want to kill themselves? i'd really like to think that i'm not the only one    but i probably am    maybe i just don't handle it the right way 
tengo <propfemale> novio que me ama más que yo merezco   smile 
does this work?
"haha  spanish   smile  gotta love it  \\and now i'm sure all you spanish haters will comment telling me how you don't   playful  i don't care  i do   smile "
is tired  tired of always screwing everything up  i'm running out of reasons 
ugh    why does everyone else have a life??  sad 
"what does the rest of the world do when they feel entirely inadequate and inferior? cuz so far just living with it isn't working out for me  so    if all the semiperfect people that i know could start screwing everything up for a while, i'd be much obliged "
going to school makes me realize how much i wish i never had to come home 
"where's your gavel? your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge, but if you're gonna judge me, sentence me to another life "
just the way you are by <propmale> mars is one of my new favorite songs   smile 
senior favorites    who to choose    who to choose   
¡te amo!  smile 
"i just got home from the hospital  thanks so much for all the well wishes and prayers  i'm still on bedrest for at least a week  painwise i'm not doing too well, but hopefully that will improve soon  for those of you who sent me messages and posts and such, i really appreciate it  i'm not quite up to responding to them at the moment, but i will as soon as i am  i love you all   love "
without makeup i look like a guy   annoyed 
i'm a parasite 
is there anything that i don't screw up?
i'm kinda liking having the house to myself    i can sing as loud as i want and no one yells at me to shut up   wink  haha
brand new eyes by paramore is the cd of my life 
there is not enough chocolate in the world to solve all my problems   
life is crap 
you don't see me the way that i see you 
"they say home is where the heart is; for me, home is wherever you are   love "
e playful ecting a super crappy weekend + <propfirst> <propmale> intervening = amazing  love   smile  te amo 
i can always count on him to make my day   smile  i love you <propfirst> <propmale>  
"<propfirst> <propmale>, i love you more than anything  don't you ever forget it "
the only thing a boy should want to change about you is your last name 
<propfirst> <propmale> i will always love you  despite what may or may not happen in the future   love 
"the more time i spend with myself, the less i want to "
"<propfirst> <propmale>, i've been so lucky to have 11 months of my life in which i could call you mine  i love you   smile "
"so    i'm sure that i am starting to annoy people or already am, but    <propfirst> <propmale>, you make me so happy  you are my whole world  i love you   smile "
"some people walk in the rain, others just get wet "
"@    guess who? if you guessed <propfirst> <propmale>, then you were right! i love you   smile  and by you, i'm not referring to you who guessed, although i may love you as well, just not as much   playful "
a female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate  lol  random fact 
"<propfirst> <propmale>, i love you  that is all   smile "
is it just me or is the weekend the worst part of the week     sad 
