87be24c38d3e4ad1a965ab74ce367eb4
"kinda sick of people who have not talked to me in years, maybe not even thought about me, trying to add me as a friend on facebook  if you really care then send me a message and let's <propfemale> out then i'll add you   smile "
i play drums cause i can't punch you in the face 
i'm enlighted (is that a fancy way of saying you're white?) no i mean    whatever 
"you know i have had this new yeah yeah yeahs cd, a k a  it's blitz!, on my itunes ever since it came out and just found out that it's awesome "
once upon a time   nevermind you're not even listening 
did i get less cool? i saw some pictures that say yes; yes i did 
twinkle twinkle little bat how i wonder where your at up above the world so high like a tea tray in the sky
"two days of school so far  did anyone know that miss swan teaches physics? she calls herself mrs  <propfirst> but i know miss swan when i hear her  o and librarians are mean, but i think that one is known to be a fact "
"\he was well prepared  he knew where his towel was \"""""
"\   you might find yourself laughing in delight as you realize how many unique ways there are to be human \"" - <propfemale> j  wheatley"""
music is like cake for your ears but instead of getting fat you go deaf  don't comment: same thing happens when you go black cause you will not be original 
"mmm pasta and ugh homework  thanks brother from another mother, it was delicious "
"<propmale> potter #7, pink <propmale>, and sleep  in that order "
"come saturday another group of <propfemale>ns will be doing something stupid, ignorant, disrespectful, and all around wrong  one step forward and two steps back i guess  really, i don't know what to say  iran demands respect and yet they are stoning women  <propfemale> forces respect and yet we are burning holy scriptures  what a use of freedom   sad "
"earthquakes have something against us  first hati, then chile, and now new zealand  you have my thoughts and love  be safe in the aftershock "
a politician sees his family every day  adeployed soldier: once in six months  a politician flies commercially a soldier: c130  a politician's pension is not reduced  a soldier sad lawed back at 65  the politician enjoys an e playful ense account  thesoldier: must justify extra rations  the politician vows to defend hiscountry  the soldier          makes sure he keeps that promise  repostif you support your troops
i need to get out of the house  peace
who likes the oringinal iron chef? i sure do 
"why are they laughing at me? \cause your pathetic, o, and your zipper is down \that makes sense "
the world is crashing and all you can do is <propfemale> on for dear life 
"\how is this to end?\""\",87be24c3 laugh 3e4ad1a965ab74ce367eb4,"crosby, stills and nash on saturday and the flaming lips on october 15th  hellz to the yeah!"
read watchmen   now damn it! just do it  you can see all the stuff the movie missed  awesome movie though 
"my sisters are going to be in band and <propfirst> is playing the basson while <propfemale> is playing a flute  i thought atleast one would follow in my footsteps, it is definitely cheaper, but i'm proud none the less "
\thank god men cannot fly," and lay waste the sky as well as the earth \""  \"87be24c3 laugh 3e4ad1a965ab74ce367eb4,has nothing to say 
"oh, now i remember why i hate social networks  i wonder how else i can waste my time before i die?"
give me a beat i've got some stuff to say 
wednesday is good for music   smile 
i apologize world and all who call it home for i am no better than you  everything i am you are and everything you have i also have  if i hated you its only because i hated myself  i admire your humanity because i am a part of it  we are born whole and we are one  i love you 
"\it always hurts the worst when it's the ones we love the most\"""""
"hey, got a new phone so need phone <propfirst>  if you want to chill sometime please send me your number in a message or comment depending on how you like your privacy "
"i have a hard time believing we only use 10% of our brains  it doesn't make sense, are we all idiots? why did we evolve into having such large brains if we don't even need most of it to function? i feel like i need the other 90% to figure this out "
artwalk? it's cool and rainy  who would like to brave the frigid cold of north florida with me?
why does my sushi sound like techno?
"reel big fish on the 21st, nofx on the 25th, and tokyo police club on the 28th! is my birthday? all in jacksonville  who wants to go?"
"sunday i have two band tryouts, sweet "
"wow, myspace sucks even more now "
"i happen to always look at the clock when it's 12 smile 4, i guess somewhere a song started "
i'll be in <propmale> most of next week! who wants to chill? beach? movies? music? let's do it!
