802bd26eae8904854ce8cfd7b2bf36a0
finds it hard to believe that as of today she has been married for one full year 
starts her first day of her internship today   ahh!!
was horrified to find out that pipes can freeze at the most inopportune times - as in the morning of my second day of clinicals  sad 
so now i realize that a frozen pipe isn't bad     but burst pipes are!
we have water!!  smile   the plumber came and fixed our pipes!  yeah!
"so because of a blizzard in lafayette, in - i have seen exactly one patient today - and it was just an observation, as both of my ci's have had every patient thus far cancel    it's going to be a long day - and a scary drive home   wish me luck  smile "
i am successfully home from a very non-productive day at work - exactly 2 of our patients did not cancel today   what fun 
one week of my internship is over! woo!
yeah!  none of my patients cancelled today!  i think that is a first since i started my internship 
a day full of nothing but pediatrics!  could there be anything better?  i think not!
gets to travel to the nicu for a field trip today!  what fun!  smile 
so we're down a car    as <propmale>'s car is currently vertical in a ditch    somewhere between ladoga and new market 
"and mission rescue the bug was a success  smile   the only damage to the car was that a wheel was frozen, so it's currently in our garage with a space heater, thawing out!"
"so    apparently more was wrong with the car than previously thought    once the mechanic checks it out completely we'll know more, but right now it's not looking so great for our bug  sad "
cpi fun! (pt clinical self assessment)
<propmale>'s finally done with auditions!  now the waiting really begins   
<propmale>'s first offer for grad school came in   let's put it this way     fsu really wants him to come to school there  smile 
excited for a week off!  no plans - just relaxing!
so i'm not so excited to be sharing my house with a mouse     sad  one who insists on marking his territory everywhere!  blech!
"it's a good week:  the mouse is dead (finally!), it's the last week of school (forever, for me!), and we are back to being a 2 car family!  woo!"
"i'm officially am done with school!  2 commencement ceremonies for me today, and one for my husband tomorrow - and then partying!"
heading to cincinnati to spend time with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
and today brings more studying for the boards plus a trip to jungle <propmale>'s tonight!  yeah!
back home again in indiana  smile 
"is back from the er   i was diagnosed with a pretty serious kidney infection, but was given considerable pain drugs and hefty antibiotics, so i should be doing much better in a couple days "
what a beautiful day for a party!
we made it to tallahassee!  my interview is tomorrow at 12 smile 0   all prayers are appreciated 
yeah! apartment shopping was successful!  we now have a home in tallahassee 
"we made it home from tallahassee!  safe and sound   had a nice visit with the carpenters, and now it's time to just relax, and enjoy not being in the car!"
is so excited!  i just passed my first pt practice exam!  now onto more studying     sad 
more studying  sad 
yay!  florida has finally processed my application for my pt license! next step:  the exam  sad 
"we are successfully re-located to tallahassee  smile   everything is unpacked, and the apartment is beginning to feel like home!"
so colds suck  sad  especially in the summer     especially in florida  sad 
ahh!!!  i've scheduled my exam!
yeah! my dad still has a job! at least until august - then the next round of cuts occur    prayers are appreciated 
good news    we didn't burn down the apartment after a disastrous attempt at pan frying chicken kiev     the eating of it wasn't so great though    better luck next time
 sad   our kitchen aid stand mixer broke!  sad day 
so if you haven't seen inception    you definitely should  such a great movie   and such a wonderful ending - it had everyone in the theater talking!
making peanut butter fudge  smile   yummy!
meeting with the director of rehab at the rehab hospital in town!  hopefully will pave the way for a job offer  smile 
my wonderful hubby is taking me to see despicable me tomorrow!  so excited!  it'll be a wonderful break from a study filled weekend  smile 
"despicable me was great  smile   just a silly, feel-good movie   oh!  and it was in 3-d  smile "
yay!  i passed another practice test!  feeling better about this exam all the time  smile 
i hate medicines that won't let you sleep  sad   i got 3 hours of sleep last night     argh!
"so if the people living above us could stomp around their apartment some more, that would really make my day   "
and here goes tonight's attempt at sleep     praying it's more successful than last night's attempt   
85 hours till i take the test! ahh!!  all prayers are welcome  smile 
the countdown continues    59 hours to go   
39 hours   yikes!
25 5 hours till the biggest test of my life
my wonderful husband got up and made me breakfast in bed before the test this morning  smile   he's awesome   on my way to go take this thing!  see you in 5 hours!
it's done - now the waiting game    oh - and more studying  sad   florida laws test is thursday
"thanks to everyone for their advice, support, encouragement and prayers  smile   the first test has been completed - despite getting lost on the way to the testing center (ask if you haven't heard that story)  now the prep work begins for thursday  smile "
off to take the second test in a week   at least i know where i'm heading this time  smile 
woo!  done with tests for the week   hopefully done with tests for a long time!
so this waiting business     not fun!
so running this morning kicked my butt  sad   the heat combined with my out of shape body made for an interesting e playful erience    smile 
here goes the second run - a little earlier in the morning   hope it helps!
so the first thing i buy when i get a paycheck will be a new pair of running shoes!
"so i think i either have a mild ankle sprain or the beginnings of a stress fracture in my ankle  sad   it's quite painful with weight-bearing activities, pain goes away with rest, but it's not swollen at all - so that makes me second guess myself   "
dear florida licensing board - please let me know if i am a licensed pt today   thank you very much 
well    heard nothing today - perhaps tomorrow will be the day
"yay!  i passed my boards and florida laws test - now just waiting for florida to give me a license number so i can start working     i hate waiting!  and with all this practice i've had lately, i don't seem to be getting any better at it   "
the waiting is finally over!  i'm licensed!  smile   smile   wooo!!!!!
heading to fsu to take <propmale> to orientation 
meeting with the hr person at the rehab hospital to get paperwork things squared away   this job is really happening!  yay
yay!!!  i just finished my first day of work!  tomorrow is my first 'real' day as today was all orientation!  so exciting  smile 
dinner at carrabbas     check!  baskin robbins ice cream cake    check!  now onto <propfirst> tennis and other fun on the wii
whew - another full day of work   discharges and new evals galore!  thank goodness its almost the weekend!
yay it's the weekend!   smile 
"i'm so ready for this sickness to be over!  argh!  it's coming up on a week - and i still have a horrendous cough, a runny nose, and sometimes i have a voice, sometimes i don't   and the worst of it is    now <propmale>'s starting to cough, too  sad "
can i have a re-do on today?  i would very much like that   today didn't go well  sad 
happy national rehabilitation week everyone  smile 
mmmmmmmmm bonefish  smile 
"had a great visit with mamaw and papaw this weekend   melting pot, lasagna and the blind side, st <propfirst>'s wildlife refuge, pizza and the colt's game, and fuzion's frozen yogurt made for a wonderful weekend  smile "
and another weekend is so close  smile  hurray!
hurray for a game night with my hubby - and fuzion frozen yogurt later this evening  smile 
"hurray for cute, spunky patients over 90  smile "
<propmale> and i are attempting to make homemade ravioli tonight  smile   should be interesting!!
so our ravioli was outstanding  smile   i highly recommend making your ravioli   it's so easy too  smile 
3 more days till mom and grandma come to visit  smile   woo!
6ish hours     woooo!!!!
so it rained here today      and i walked to work      which means i had to walk home from work    and dodge all the worms on the sidewalk  sad   sad   sad   for those of you who don't know - i detest the fact that worms come out of the ground and sprawl on the sidewalk when it rains  i have issues    i know 
yay!  <propmale> got a root canal today - so he's not in pain anymore!  and we only spent 3 hours in the dentist's office    
yay!  surprise half day  smile 
hurray it's the weekend  smile 
mmm fuzions  smile 
"<propmale> potter, here we come!"
<propmale> potter in imax     is intense  smile 
happy thanksgiving  smile 
yeah! four day weekend  smile 
tough day    found out that a former patient passed away yesterday  sad 
chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream solves all problems  smile 
home made chicken noodle soup  smile   mmm! too bad that's the only thing <propmale> can eat right now    he's gonna get sick of it 
yay we are 3 hours from home! gotta love spending a full day in the car   
"we're home    all unpacked, laundry is started, and ready for work tomorrow  smile "
so i just got off work about an hour early for a tornado watch    maybe i'm just conditioned to always being under a tornado watch from living in indiana    but i didn't really think it was necessary to send everyone home early     smile   oh well!
