7c664ea924aaaeccb8e6db9930f8c987
i dont know why god takes people that are young especialy a guy that had a future im going to miss you like crazy big brother  r i p <propmale>
i dont know why god takes people that are young especialy a guy that had a future im going to miss you like crazy big brother r i p <propmale>
saw parandramal activity the funniest movie ever lol
going to the movies with poy and <propfirst>
just got to new york !! start working tomorrow at 8am !!!
ahhhh my phone doest work here !!!! how am i going to survive  laugh  i hating metro piece of shit right now !!!!
going crazy without a phone suxs balls !!  sad 
finally i have a phone after 2 weeks of hell with no phone !!  smile 
i finally have a phone that works its been 2 weeks of hell without mine phone!
have the day off idk what to do !!! any ideas??
i still cant believe i have huge family the multiply by the second! i cant even remember their name!! lol
love is like a puzzle when u think u already finished the puzzle you find a missing spot without any pieces!!
my world ended when my precious touch screen died on me n took every single number i had wit it so plz can yall send me ur <propfirst> via text so i can save it in temp phone
trying to pick up <propfirst> n poy from the airport but i cant find the bus to take to la guardia airport ! ! damn now i have to ask random ppl wat bus do i take !
i hate beening broke cuz every where u go u find something u want to buy !!!
"a quote from   <propfirst> sanchez \i'm in that pink ferrari\\i got a thing for porsches\\i like my men like my cars\strong and built like horses lol i love <propfemale>"
germany germany!!
omgosh this heat wave is killin me its 103 degrees !!! no bueno i dnt want to go to work  tomorrow with these weather condition it reminds me of florida heat !!!! when is winter coming !! i want  snow
its humid and hot i hate this weather with a passion when is the winter coming!!!
i hate this weather its damn hott im sweatin like if im in a damn dessert !
feelin sick forgot to take my medicine this morning ! now i have to go home n rest  sad 
i cant believe it already a year after my brother <propmale> died it still feels like just yesturday i found out u passed away ! te extrano mucho hermano mio y nunca te voy a olvidar  sad 
out with my roommate n her family to upstate new york !
at the oral surgen getting my wisdom teeth removed scared of my life cuz i found out todaythat my insurance dnt cover to for them to put me to sleep so ill b awake the whole time during the surgery!! pray for me  sad 
eating arepas n celebrating with the family my bday with a nice bbq i loving saturday i cant ask for more  smile 
at church then on my way to the gym !!
doing the same thing again what i did saturday ! drinkin !!
had a excent work out this morning ! now on my way home to clean!  smile 
seeing florida state vs miami university game on tv lets go seminoles!!
yeaaahhhhhhhh semiole kicked miami's ass big time ! go noles!!!
enjpoying a nice diner out with wine with my friends !! i happy that i dnt work tomorrow cuz im drinking like there no tomorrow lol  playful 
enjoying a nice diner out with wine with my friends !! i happy that i dnt work tomorrow cuz im drinking like there no tomorrow lol  playful 
having a relaxing night a great way to start my weekend !
just got out of the gym !! had a great excersie now time to cut my hair ! its time for a new hair cut !!  smile 
just got out of the gym !! had a great excersie now time to cut my hair ! its time for a change !  smile 
in the gym !!
not happy at all cant c espn in my tv at all that mean no florida state game today noooooooooooooooooo  sad 
going to the gym to lose the calories from last night ! lol  smile 
feel like shit im going to have a couple drink with my friends !
going to the gym to lose the calories from last night ! lol  smile 
in pain i stood almost the whole day in the gym n now my whole body hurts even the muscles that i didnt think i have hurt too ! this pain just messed up my saturday night: sad 
y in the hell in my spinning class they put luv makin music? like bump in rind by r <propfirst> and bed by j holiday u cant make baby with bike wtf was the bike instructor thinking at least i had a big laugh bout it  !! lol
is it me o xtina had to many burger before she went on stage !!
in the gym all day  smile 
@ the gym !  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to everybody hope u guys are spending this holiday with ur family and ur love ones cuz there's nothing better than spending it with those people
woke up feelin like shit y do i feel so alone even tho i have ppl that cares about me!!  sad 
in church then going to my new apt to finish unpacking !
seeing the afc championship ! lets go steelers  smile 
yeah steelers won ! black n gold all the way!!  smile 
god took the only loyal man of my world today my nephew now he with his dad up in heaven n i have lil angel watching me! gero mi <propfemale> te voy a extranar mucho !
