9db156bf619926f51c505a208c8ed689
if my pup passes gas 1 more time   i'm attaching 1 of those pine tree air fresheners to his butt!!!  ugh!!!!!!
"wanted to wish everyone a <propfemale> christmas!  if you are traveling, prayers to you for a safe trip   hope to see everyone at hoggys!!"
"i feel the need to make a plea to my fb friends   will you please pray for <propmale> fryman?  i believe he was in the class of 1983   can't go into detail about how, why, or what, just trust that your prayers are needed   thanks guys!"
happy new year everyone!
was planning on 2010 being better than 2009    definitely not starting out that way   mom and i had to put dad's dog <propfemale> to sleep last night   i guess the good part of this is she and dad are now hanging out together again   that thought makes me feel better 
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than one word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   wonder if i have 20, or more brave friends who will participate   "
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status"
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance     93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does?     and make this your status for at least an hour!"
"\i detest that man who hides one thing in the depth of his heart and speaks forth another \"" - <propmale>"""
soooo glad this is not my weekend to work!!  prayers going out for my friends that do   be safe everyone!!
"hey fv friends!!  my stable is almost finished   i just need bricks, harnesses, and horseshoes!  thanks for all of your help!!"
"busy day for me   cleaning house, doing laundry, and shoveling snow   gee, what else can i do??!!"
"dear lord, thank you for my family and all of the friends you have blessed me with   could you please find it in your heart to bless me with bricks, harnesses, and horseshoes so i may complete my stable??  my horses would sure appreciate a roof over their heads!!  amen "
wishing all my fb friends a happy <propfirst>'s day!
"if you don't want stabbed in the back, don't put the knife in someone's hand!! ~michelle babcock"
"just wanted to say thank you to all my friends who wished me a happy birthday!!  you guys are the bestest and i am blessed to call you all \friend\""!!  hugs to all of you!"""
"place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence       riverside methodist hospital in <propmale>, ohio!"
"fyi: there is a virus spreading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from me or any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a virus  it will steal info, infect your system and shut it down  do not open the link  please repost this in your status"
"if you have a friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you thru thick and thin, love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall   then copy and post this to your status  they will know who they are "
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really likes to read things 
"it's \niece week\"": if you have a niece nieces who makes your life interesting and fun who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to you status  your nieces will outgrow your lap but never your heart!   ****love you delannie!!!!****"""
wishing everyone a happy easter!
"thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping; i have you in my heart    love and miss you dad!!     repost          if you have a loved one in heaven  "
"i must be crazy     after 20-some years, i went and had braces put back on my teeth yesterday   and let me just say   i hurt today!!!  what was i thinking??!!  at least i'm old enough for \medicinal\"" alcohol this time!"""
"on may 28, 2010 i ate red meat for the last time  i have become a vegetarian  i know this sounds pretty strange coming from a girl who grew up on a farm that raised sheep and cattle, but i am tired of the abuse and horrible conditions animals are forced to live in for the almighty dollar "
"it's june 7, 2010 and i still am a vegetarian!! no beef, pork, chicken, turkey, or anything else that walks on 2 or 4 legs! have also omitted milk thanks to conklin dairy farms!! i will honestly say i feel sooo much better! yeah me!!"
"fathers day - is sunday   if red roses grow in heaven lord, pick a bunch for me  place them in my daddy's arms & tell him they're from me  tell him i love & miss him & when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while  remembering him is easy, i do it everyday, but there's an ache within my heart that'll never go away  i love you dad! copy and paste if your dad is in heaven!"
"i'm thinking that i need to get one of those t-shirts that says; \this is not the life i signed up for!\"""""
8th row seats at <propfirst> mayer with my friend <propfemale>   awesome seats!!!
<propfirst> mayer is the bomb!! put on a great performance! very genuine and appreciative of those who came out and sweated with him in the heat!! definitely worth seeing again!!  smile 
o-h!!!!!!!!!!!
here's a thought    hot and cold are temperatures  not the way you play someone 
tonight (9 7) + 10 surprise 0 pm + sons of anarchy = my butt on the couch smack dab in front of the tv!!!
are you ready for some football?!!!?  let the games begin!!!
please take a moment to remember those that perished as a result of 09 11 01   may we never forget 
"while at the fair sunday night, i figured out what i miss most since becoming vegetarian    pepperoni sticks!!!!"
o-h!!!!!
i like it on the kitchen counter!
feeling yucky today   doctors appt this afternoon for confimation i have strep throat!  wtf??!!!
yea!!!  no strep!!!  ummmmm   would you believe they're canker sores caused from stress and probably being sick (which i really am)!!!  how pathetic am i?!!!
"out of curiosity, if you could be anyone in the world for a day who would you be??"
"i'm a handful  unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i'm sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worse then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best  if you're a handful, repost   i dare you    i'll be looking for the ladies who repost!"
"place of birth  everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your fb friends were born  copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth: born~~~~~columbus, ohio!"
re: sons of anarchy     this is gonna be a great season!!!
home from a wonderful and relaxing evening with my sfam!!  love you!!
happy thanksgiving to all my friends and their family!  i am so blessed!!
thinking that my body should have come with an owners <propmale>!!  i now own 2 sets of crutches purchased within the last 2 years   not good!!!
saw the orthopedic doc this afternoon   mri scheduled for tomorrow   to be continued        
well the verdict is in    tear in the meniscus + bruising of the bone = surgery    <propfemale> christmas to me!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same  until dec  6, there should be no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children  join in the fight against child abuse!"
number game  send a number to my inbox and i will post as my status what i think of you 
"#1 you are an amazing person!! your devotion to your family, friends, and grandbabies is beyond words  i feel so blessed to have you in my life and be able to truely call you \friend\""!!  love you sfam!!!"""
had the knee scoped yesterday and everything went well   surgeon said it was torn more than mri showed though   was able to clean up the arthritis that was in there also  bonus!!  so far i'm pain-free thanks to mr  vicodin and mr  icepack!  thank you everybody for all the thoughts and prayers!!
made it through the first day of pt post-surgery!  god i hate homework!! lolol
visited dad today and placed his grave blanket for christmas   sucks that this is gonna be the only present i will be giving him now   i miss him so very much   every single day   love you dad!
"best of all, christmas means a spirit of love, a time when the love of god and love of our fellow men should prevail over all hatred and bitterness, a time when our thoughts and deeds and the spirit of our lives manifest the presence of god  \\-<propfirst> f  mcdougall"
"copy & paste this if your dad is in heaven  if roses grow in heaven, lord, then pick a bunch for me  place them in my daddy's arms and tell him they're from me  tell him that i love and miss him, and when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while "
i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just for 1 hour? do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it 
some days you're the windshield   some days you're the bug   go figure   
wow!  thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! they were very much appreciated!  hugs to you all!!!
banana
have you ever wondered who would show up to your funeral and what they would say about you??
