e3f2852b205d85086d25b684dde9b198
please pray for <propfemale> barker   she has been battling double pneumonia for over a week in the hospital   she is not doing well and needs all the prayers we can give her!
"everyone please pray for <propfirst> via   he had a bad 4 wheeler wreck a couple days ago   he broke his shoulder, collarbone, 4 ribs, his skull and bruised his brain   they did emergency surgery yesterday to relieve the swelling on his brain   he is in the icu at the jcmc for those who know him   thanks!"
"via is out of icu!  his brain has stopped bleeding, but he is in a lot of pain (feeling the broke shoulder, collarbone, and ribs now that the good drugs are done)!  please continue to keep him in your prayers   thanks to all who have!"
thank u for all my happy birthday wishes!  i can't believe how many were on here!
everyone please pray for <propfirst>'s mom   she is still in the hospital and not feeling better   please pray that she remains strong as well as the family   thanks to all especially my church family!
"i am begging everyone to please pray for shawn's mom, <propfirst> weems   she has been in the hospital for  over a month and has just been moved up to the icu   please pray for strength, peace and comfort for her as well as knowledge and understanding for the doctors and nurses    i know prayer works!!!  please pray for her and add her to any prayer lists you have!!  thanks!"
"thanks 4 all prayers 4 shawns mom  been in the hospital since sept, gettin out tomorrow! the power of prayer! what an awesome god! with that great news, i have a prayer request  shawns dad called an ambulance last week  thinking lung cancer   find out 4 sure tomorrow   please pray 4 our family for wisdom, peace and comfort in knowing a loving god is in control and that his plan is much better than plans we have!"
god listens to prayers!!  thank u all!! it's not cancer!!!!!!!  god is so good!!  this can only be e playful lained as a miracle!  the doctor looked at the results 3 times before talking to us then again while talking to us!  he was speechless!  all the <propfemale> to god!  thank u for all the prayers!
"ok folks, we r out of the frying pan into the fire   kidney function is down to 15%   this is the level they start dialysis   they r gonna try some things today and see if they can get it going up again   keep praying!!!"
"well, they say it is cancer  he is in renal failure and massive congestive heart failure  he just wants 2 go home  so we are trying 4 tomorrow  please pray 4 the family 2 have peace with his decision  pray 4 a strong faith and peace in the knowledge that a loving and all knowing god is in control  thanks again 4 all the prayers  this will be a very hard time 4 the family 2 watch him go  please keep us in your prayers"
"well, they say it is cancer  he is in renal failure and massive congestive heart failure  he just wants 2 go home  so we are trying 4 today  please pray 4 the family 2 have peace with his decision  pray 4 a strong faith and peace in the knowledge that a loving and all knowing god is in control  thanks again 4 all the prayers  this will be a very hard time 4 the family 2 watch him go  please keep us in your prayers"
shawns dad went to be with the lord early this morning   thank you all for the prayers and well wishes   you learn what kind of people you have in your life by the way they show you support in times like these   you really see what kind of friends u have   thank you so much and god bless you all! recieving friday @ jonesborough methodist from 5-7 service to follow 
"shawns dad went to be with the lord early yesterday morning  thank you all for the prayers and well wishes  you learn what kind of people you have in your life by the way they show you support in times like these  you really see what kind of friends u have  thank you so much for the prayers, phone calls, food, and visits   god bless you all! recieving friday @ jonesborough methodist from 5-7 service to follow "
"please continue to pray for my family  shawns mom is back in hospital with congestive heart failure   she gained 9 pounds of fluid in a week, and we took her to the er this afternoon  after loosing her husband of 55 years this week, this has been such a rough time for her especially  please pray for strength and peace for her and family withthe knowledge a loving god is in control  thank u to everyone 4 support!"
"please continue to pray for my family  shawns mom is back in hospital with congestive heart failure  she gained 9 pounds of fluid in a week, and we took her to the er yesterday  after loosing her husband of 55 years this week, this has been such a rough time for her especially  please pray for strength and peace for her and family withthe knowledge a loving god is in control  thank u to everyone 4 support!"
shawns mom went from the icu to home today!  thank u lord!  thank u all for ur prayers and support!
"please pray for <propfirst>'s mom today  she is having a double masectomy at 8am   pray for the doctors, nurses and that she make it through the surgery, that theu get all the cancer and for an easy recovery   she is still in congestive heart failure and on oxygen "
"please continue to pray for <propfirst>  the anesthesiologist, dr  <propfemale> ramsey, did not read the chest xray they took on monday, so after poor <propfirst> not being able to sleep for 2 days getting emotionally ready for a double masectomy, then arriving at the hospital at 5am this morning, is told, you have pneumonia minutes before the surgery at 8am  she has had it since the xray on monday     "
but they didn't read this procedure that they insisted she have til moments before the surgery  please pray for her state of mind   she's very frustrated and emotionally and physically exhausted 
<propfirst>'s mom had surgery yesterday   they only took one breast b c of all her other health problems   they did have to take all the lymph nodes   all looked suspect   few more hot spots so insisting on chemo   please continue to pray and thank you all for all the prayers so far!!!
he is risen!
"so <propfirst>'s mom started chemo yesterday   she got there at 2 smile 0 for a 3 surprise 0 appointment  she had a bad reaction and they had to stop it and give her drugs to counter it, then start again  got home at 8 smile 0! please pray today goes better  thanks to all of you who actually do pray! god is listening!!!"
"<propfirst> had to get iv fluids today  her white blood cell count was 0  she's been sick for a couple days  home now, but please keep her and the family in ur prayers"
"god bless our troops and their families- past, present and future!"
"god is sooo good!!!  <propfirst> and i just got back from an awesome week in the carribean to find out that his mom is in remission!!!!!  stage 4 breast cancer- in the lymphnodes, bones, and other- to remission!!!  all the <propfemale> to god!  only he could have done this!  thank you for all the prayers! god answers them!!"
"ephesians 2:8-9 ()\\8 for by grace you have been saved through faith  and this is not your own doing; it is the gift of god, 9 not a result of works, so that no one may boast  #bible http annoyed  j mp 98m21y"
thank u everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!  i feel so blessed!!  <propmale> thanks u too  smile 
