bbb6ab7b8c5d7c4bf4c4116bc471b1f1
okay  i give up finding a picture of me  but i like these flowers
just came back from my own little torture session  going to polish school on saturday should be a criminal offense 
curling <propfemale>'s (sis) hair for her party 
i got chocolate pie with my name on it!! be jealous people  pie and chocolate are good!
just came home from the mall  it was so much fun 
i changed my pic  happy <propfemale>?
no more distractions  i've got to finish this essay 
me and <propfemale> are going to russia!! be jeolous!
i just relieved my traumatic childhood e playful irience  stupid big scarey russian guys     
i decided to finish my notes tonight and plan out my elgin essay  then i will finish the extended responce tomorrow during history 
be happy that you only have to play 1 instrument  stupid notes and instruments    
"i know what i want for christmas! books! books! and oh yeah, books!! i am such a nerd"
i'm sick and at home  i wish i can just read a book but nooooooo school is calling and i have to finish my homework  stupid english  snd science 
hmm    i'm gonna start homework    and then do something productive  probably my commentary  why can't this be easy like the memoir???
i fell off the chair    twice  stupid chair 
was confirmed today  sat through 2 hours of church and then when out to eat  fun
on my parent's computer  my sister won't let me go onto her computer  neither will my brother and my labtop is broken  crap
i know what i want for christmas!!!
i'm gonna attempt to read hamlet again  this time i will not fall asleep  at least i'll try not to    
stupid history  i have stay up again  whatever
piano teacher is pissed at me  have tons of homework  *sigh* better start working 
i gotta my labtop!! 5th one  i broke the other 4   
hahahahahahahahahahaha    ha
gonna start homework  *sigh*
"i was in mlia and found this: today in the middle of my spanish class a girls bag started making a loud noise thinking it was a phone, my teacher asked to have it  she dug through her bag and handed him a singing pickle  mlia  my reaction? funniest  thing  ever & i laughed for 10 minutes straight  i know, i'm sad "
i spent the last hour learning the <propfemale> mountain song from <propfirst> the unicorn  i now know it by heart  i regret nothing 
"i was playing 20 quesations online  it asked me if the person i was thinking of was obnoxious  i said yes  it immadiately said \is this person <propfemale>  song?\"" im happy to know that the internet knows who is obnoxious and not  (they didnt guess who it was  lol)"""
i found my new favorite book and i'm happy  i realize that i am a nerd 
is it too late to ask for a christmas present??
did you know when someone is annoying you it takes 42 muscles to frown but only 4 to move your arm and smack them? interesting fact
"100 bottles of milk on the wall, 100 bottles of milk, take one down pass it around 99 bottles of milk on the wall      (lol)"
hey arjele   i gotta question     
it took me a while to find the question <propfirst> on the keyboard  my hand was covering it when i was pressing the shift  smart <propfirst> 
i skipped 6 weeks of piano  that has to be a record  an amazing record  do you think my instructor teacher will be mad???
i get mint cookies  be jealous 
i just freaked because i thought the sat testing thing was tomorrow  my room is now  a mess  *sigh*
"omg, who remembers catscratch from nichelodean?! anyway, i finished my polish homework  i know, i shouldnt procrasinate but if you were me you would try to put off till its absolutely nessessary "
im happy  like really happy   laugh 
"97% of people would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \do a flip!\"" then copy and paste this on your profile ~~~~~"""
i wanna a pen pal
i did the coke and menots e playful irement thing  it was awesome!
everyone is <propfemale> grown up!
wait    are we ap students or are we just gifted? cause now i'm really confused 
i'm home and i'm not gonna procrasinate and i will start my homework now 
just came home  what's for science again?
really really really tired  i hate science  and i really hate that we had to finsih that whole packet tonight 
{x} study for reading { } begin lab report  { } t-3 spiral & portfolio  anything i missed?
today was interesting
<propfemale> is gambling !!!! and her best friend is the calculator!!
at the library with <propfemale> 
they told us that we would get the letters at the end of januray and the beginning of february  now they are saying the middle of febuary 
hmm    i'm bored 
at the library again 
someone plz come to the library  poplar creek  its boring 
"my sister just asked me the colors of the rainbow  i recited them for her  she then proceded to call me a nerd and says \what person memorizes the colors of a rainbow?\"" i said people that gradated <propmale> in 1st grade  i think i won """
editing our lab report  it gets so boring after you stare at it for a while  
"it seems like everyone is getting accepted into the academies     (and thats a good thing, i guess )"
guess what i'm listeing to! mozart! yup be jealous  i will get to sleep faster than you guys now 
"i am in a very good mood, surprisingly "
still am in a very good mood 
diction means word choice right??
"my favorite quote about driving ever: please drive carefully, heaven can wait  lmao"
"i told my mom that on the letter that informs about a test i am taking tomorrow, it says to relax the night before  i told my mom that making chocolate chip cookies helps me relax  guess what i am doing for the next hour! i love testing "
"was at the library  best saturday ever  i got free food, free books, and a coloring book  and i found that you should not swear or you will get scolded by a librarian  lol"
"i hope we have a snowday tomorrow  i really just wanna stay home and just hangout  plz let us have a snow day, school districe u-46 people "
i bought a juice  i just realized it say 15% juice on the side where the nutrition facts are  so what is the other 85%? water?
"my foot fell asleep in math, so i couldnt turn in my test  <propfemale> turned it in for me, mr  mclear laughed "
my sweater looks like a skittle bag puked all over it  it literally looks like there is a rainbow on it except its like pok-a-dotted  *sigh*
pie is good 
who is staying up till midnight tonight to finish homeowork??
i think i might start on my math homework 
arent all circles congruent?
i hate math  i love itunes 
i feel like crap 
where is everyone hearing that teachers are getting fired?!?!
i <propfirst> a pacman doodle on my math homework  it looks awesome 
aladdin was really good 
going to florida    have a good spring break people!!!
going to busch gardens tomorrow  fun fun fun 
i'm home  just came back from florida   smile 
no one should get up at 5 am after going to sleep at 2  tired
i am startin my essay now  and it will be horrible   
happy easter everyone!
it's freaken pouring rain and my windows were open  my carpet is all wet 
"i have learned something new  in the phillapines (please excuse my spelling) , summer vaction starts in march and goes to june  lol"
i gotta questions  you know how we have to do that independent project thing? which topic: chocolate or psychology?
finished my homework before 11  that my friends is a miracle 
i hate history
"lalalalalalalala  im bored, so i guess i should start on that history spotlight project   playful "
homework   playful 
"watching \the men who stare at goats\""  lol"""
when is the reading test on vietnam??
flyers win!!! yes!!!
bored 
fun time at the doctors  i learned to eat before u get a shot 
"best day at the mall  btw, <propfemale>, my mom said she'll buy me the painting  lmao"
my neighbors have the genius idea of setting off fireworks and sparklers  fun fun
in chicago  bored as hell 
happy fathers day  my father is at work so yeah     we arent celebrating  yeah life's a bitch 
got a ton of shots  my arms hurt now  
16 hours of work  and 50 pgs of instructions later  we finally finished the playground 
at <propfemale>'s 
dentist and then piano  not fun 
my neighbors are annoying  today is july 3 not july 4  stop with the damn fireworks 
at the library 
playing in the rain is fun   especially when ur kinda sick  im genius 
i love the rain and storms   smile 
finished the book thief  now i have to write the assignment   playful 
"i was at a baptism, and i dropped my phone in champainge  now it refuses to turn on  shit "
orientation was fun 
my feet are killing me  tennis match from 3-8   smile 
going to chicago   playful 
"if you believe in jesus christ, put this on your wall  do not just ignore this  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it put this    on your wall"
its raining   smile 
i hate studying for history 
won our tennis match against east <propfemale>  fun   smile 
we won our match again  against elgin academy  it was <propfemale> cold      and <propfemale> was awesome   smile 
i hate homework   playful 
i like it on my desk 
powderpuff was fun  smile 
i really hate being sick  and tea 
"cai, <propfemale> tang , <propfemale> dorda , & <propfemale> weaver are all at my house  homecoming   smile "
homecoming was fun & awesome   
i killed my bamboo plant  apparently i haven't watered it in 2 weeks    
i am a damn idiot 
<propfemale> corn   smile 
history notes      icky  
what was the extra credit for science about?
