7296f569caa3ecfad3fa51eb54ca952d
"i can't stand today, and tomorrow doesn't seem much brighter"
3rd day in and already wish this year was over     less then 2 months til i'm back home  lets hope i find a job before i leave
is the worlds loneliest and saddest panda
feeling like a <propfemale> squished between the pages of a forgotten tome
"ok, missionaries spelled her name wrong  its abish"
just got stabbed in the heart again
"has decided it doesnt matter what the realtor says, my notes and pictures are going back up! its my house til it sells"
is watching post nuclear holocaust madness on fallout 3
"is taking a sick day  sick of the job, wyoming, and life in general today"
has just got home from the first night of fireworks work  im so bringing my camera and an extra phone battery  sprint and <propfemale> do not mix
"starting my 5k calorie regiment a day  starting full blast on my bowflex again monday  nano vapor and anabolic halo, by the time i hit florida i'm gonna be freaking huge"
"thinks since is disposition is gloomy and cold, thats why cheyennes weather has been gloomy and cold     mmm gorilla <propfemale>- <propfemale> "
is counting down the days  9 more til i get my license and drive to devils tower!!! i so think ill jump off
has decided people need to get skype and video chat with me  i hate being alone
"is buying a speedo, beach party tonight and im so gonna win the 500 doullars!!!!!"
"won way more then 500 dollars with the speedo last night, sweet!!!"
so ice age was amazing  now its time to watch lets go to prison
sitting by a fire and wondering how much more can i take 
                    no comment
has gotten his license back  now its time to sell the car and get my suv  found a 03 escalade for 15900  im so on it!!!
"is going to a bbq, i so wish <propfemale> frontier days wasn't a week and a half long  also, is it bad when you go to change your oil and        its very clumpy? (hadn't changed the oil in over a year and a half)"
enjoying a nice quiet day watching guitar hero
fighting with ebay and paypal about a great product i sold and got scammed!!
is going for a long interstate ride with his 9k stereo system     cant wait to put it in the escalade!!!
taking another sick day
one more day til i'm old 
"can't wait to get rid of this house, anyone know someone that wants to live in wyoming?"
"only way this day can get any worse for me is if i start digging my heart out with a dull spoon, but wait its already been ripped out   sad "
is still getting buried in his personal hell
uploading songs vocalizing my demeanor
"friends and neighbors don't understand the pain, they don't ask so i dont e playful lain about me, it's so strange to have so much and feel alone, hey man the phones for you but i'm not home  it's going to be an early fall  i feel i've nearly lost it all  *<propfirst> volz"
was part of a high speed <propmale> away from a suburban for about 15 minutes  i love when cops are waiting for speeders  my passenger side is damaged but that retard got 4 charges against him  damn i hate this town more and more as the days go by
"why is it, that even with all the great steps you make to better your life  someone has to try to keep beating you down and having you want to run back to the devastation you left behind?"
anyone have some wire taps and a coconut in mafia wars i can have?
"if anyone cares, i have updated my new phone number on my info <propfemale> "
hating today 
tired of being without the only person that means the world to him
why am i erroring out on every game i play on here     anyone else having that problem?
mmmm       season finale of true blood tonight    i might have something to do around 11pm
"3 hours of cleaning house, and now all i want is an axe and i've almost got my venom vcn-1000 installed  wow, i've been a busy beaver"
"some say love is not for sinners, i believe that isn't true, cause when i was finished sinning, love came down and showed me you, and you told me how to get there, so i tried to find a way then i ran into your garden, but i tripped out the gate, i tripped out the gate what are you doing to me? i'm so into you- hedley  trip"
nothing like ebs and insomnia
bored
totally failed tonight               months and months of hard work screwed on one person ripping my whole insides out  day 1 starts again tomorrow  frick!!
is going to be bald after his 6th weekend on call 
spending the day cleaning and finding all the information he can on starting school at lccc in the spring 
god is great     beer is good           people are crazy
"spent the day cutting tree branches and splitting wood to get ready for winter  calling the phone company tomorrow to see about relocating or removing phone cables  after that its picking up free stuff to furnish upstairs  still havent got a call back for a night job but eh, if i can start school in january i wont need one       anyone want to move to <propfemale> and live here? i have to rooms i need to fill"
is waiting on a vet to call back  teancum got bit or stung and his right eye is swollen shut    
bored out of his mind  no work but getting paid anyway     
why is the rum always gone?
having another night of boring nothingness      assassins creed 2 needs to hurry up
"doing everything i can to not slip back to my old habits  on day 2, its getting harder and harder  i have no one close to me to <propfemale> with or keep my mind of all the torment            grrrr "
"had a long night after a nice vent session   took 15mg of melatonin, was still up til 5 then had a horrible conference call  anyone hiring?"
worked all day without motivation   just got home a bit ago  anyone have ideas on how to get dogs to quit digging holes?
"another long day, but after i finish helping paint the house next door ill have a full size fooseball table  yay  <---- (said like special <propmale>)"
"spent the past 2 days ripping the suspension of my car  it's almost winter and the transformation of the stratus has begun  tomorrow, turning in fasa paperwork, taking comp test at lccc, and giving the attorney my driving record cause the courts totally screwed up on my deferance"
"well didnt make it to the college yet, but have picked up the needed applications for a night job at restaurants  lets hope someone hires this sad panda"
wishing he can get another job
is wondering why people take what is said in movies and believe thats how a relationship is supposed to be  relationships are not based on leverage and who can get out without getting hurt  wtf!?!?
disheartened by my phone breaking and not letting me talk to the world's most beautiful woman this morning
"got my phone replaced, drove all the way to dubois and don't have any service to talk to my sweetheart     not only do i hate wyoming but the phone companies do too"
"so its more then just the flu  it's the great h1n1 virus      after 2 days waiting, cold hot flashes and sweats, up and down fevers  had the doctor check and sure enough, im home ridden for a week  hope i dont get <propfemale> sick     "
wtf
"so some how i have to make it to fort collins next week for oral surgery  all 4 wisdom teeth are laying down under the gums, wrapped up in my nerves, and destroying my molars  only surgeon cigna caters too  no car, can't use the work <propfirst>, and the dentist forgot to finish the perscription so the pharmacy wouldn't fill it  with all that fun happening there is so much more stress added "
well what is this is the mail? a settlement check?! sweet bagebbies!
"murphy's law is kickin my butt  swine flew 2 weeks ago, wisdom teeth issue last week, by which are also infected, and yesterday i cleaned up stairs and magically got what <propfemale> had       i'd rather have the flew again! at least i got my settlement  check  0 o"
the memories stacking up; and they pull at my guts ; what do i have to do to end it?  the better days hacked away; leaving the only pain; this regret is never ending but in the blink of an eye; this life passes you by  i wish that i could give you my time - atreyu dooomsday
"so i have decided i am the <propmale> of bad luck, come near me your life will go to shit"
is off on the fantastic voyage to get drugged and teeth removed  wish this nervous guy some luck
mmmm    papa <propfirst>'s six meat pizza   smile 
"wanting to squish some heads like grapes  yup the purple ones, cause the green ones taste way to good"
"do the konami easter egg code in face book  up,up,down,down,left,right,left,right,b,a, enter   you'll get crazy circle til you log out"
why?
not in the mood for anything today  slept til 130 and want to go back to bed already
"well if my luck got any better i'd have someone steal my dogs  i get approved for a <propfemale> but they need me to send info as to why i have so many delinquent bills on my credit score  my jaw drops, my stomach turns, and i find out some asshole in texas has been using my ss# since february   i'm now a happy member of life lock and have 2 weeks worth of paperwork to do to prove i've never lived in texas"
anyone have an idea how to not spend the whole day sleeping? its getting old that everyday i don't work i'm dead to the world til 1 or 2 and it doesn't even matter what time i went the bed the night before
anyone have a couch i can borrow and know of any job opening in the fwb destin area  i'm looking and just hoping some people have heard anything
-10 degrees tonight  totally not liking that idea
"i go to work, leave my  cell phone home to charge and it burns itself out"
"so my 7 1 receiver fried last night, and now the back door knob turns but does not open     freakin a"
"so instead of me buying for<propfemale>r strong, my dad knowingly sent it to me for christmas   smile  3 packages and one wrapped, i love my family  i do beli<propfemale> i will make watching that movie a tradition <propfemale>ry christmas <propfemale> "
"let's let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will do this!"
so need a fuckin ativan
anyone need a dd tonight? call me i need out! 801 647 6153
happy new years everyone  smile 
"mission dd completed, yay"
i love thunderstorms
"so two mayans were in a room, one was watching the other chiseling a calendar  when it was finished and he had blown off the dust, the one watching asked,\ why does it end dec 21"," 2012?\"" \"7296f569caa3ecfad3fa51eb54ca952d,another day of sitting at home with no work and getting paid 
mmmm  dragon age 
freezing horribly today        cant feel my toes
"yay, finally got the <propfemale> money  today starts the moving saga  1 5 months and im finally out of chyenne "
"i saw on the internet that haiti is without a government  to help out, i am donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley and two clintons! they may keep them permanently! i'd give them a constitution; but i can't find mine right now! ~~~ status borrowed from a friend      keep it goin repost this"
"so i broke my phone last night, gotta love water  if everyone could call me so i can rebuild my phone listings that would be awesome"
"tv, ps3, old tv, and foosball table are up for grabs on craigslist  if they sell im not waiting the two weeks after my psych appointment to get the hell out of hell "
"what the eff  no job listings on <propfemale> coast help wanted, cant get the the classifieds in any northwest florida news paper "
"ok everyone please vote  i have 3 weeks left of wyoming and am stuck with 2 choices  fort <propmale> beach, or bountiful, utah  which do you think would be a better place for me? the first place, the person i was coming for has totally dropped me and the second i would be moving back in with the 'rents til i get back on my feet "
so not tired 
"yay, all i have to do is paint, but i forgot brushes  would a finger painted entryway look bad?  smile "
anyone figure out how to bookmark games your playing in the new facebook layout? i cant find it anywhere
i put my resignation letter in on monday stating feb 26th will be my last day  so what do they do? fire me today  tomorrow i get to enjoy signing up for unemployment
made it to bountiful 
"yay, just activated and updated my iphone  i've finally stepped out of the palm age  i feel so lost"
holy crap  need 152 more politico corruptos to finish off cuba      what a sad day 
2 more days      im going insane on the inside
"unemployment         they paid for the first two weeks and then said, 'wait we need to double check the reason you were terminated from your job '"
i'm a suck a gluten of bad luck  guy from complex brings the replacement hiem joint today  i install it and dont even drink half a mile and the passenger side hiem joint goes out     oh my gosh!
so im watching inkheart  cant really get into it
bored         
2nd bi weekly claim filed  hopefully tomorrow theyll call and say all is good and i can finally use my ue visa card to pay some bills 
mmmm  just added the iheartradio app to my iphone  <propfirst> beck and hannity at the touch of a phone  i'm in heaven  its been almost 4 weeks since ive heard em
"good night everyone  tomorrow looks to be a day of phone calls and more car work, plus doing my 2 job attempts for the day  wishing myself luck 0 o"
so apparently if you wake up late for work and not given enough time to call in cause your late before your boss is at your door thats being absent  im appealing the damn ue decision but no matter looks like when my dad gets back from vegas i'm gonna need to talk with him about help
bad way to end the day  i am so sorry for losing it  months and years lost in one moment of stupidity 
"just got done plastic welding my foglights back together, cleaned all the haze off of all the lenses on the car  tomorrow i get to put the fogs back together, paint the inside of my headlights and then start changing all the gaskets on the motor so she stops leaking everywhere"
"tried to plastic weld my bumper today     epic failure, so glad i dont care how it looks since ill be replacing it with a body <propfemale> soon enough"
anyone have insects they can give me in zoo world? i cant buy any  sad 
bored out of my mind
"spending the day pricing out parts for a quick overhaul on my engine and transmission, gotta get her ready for a 3 5k drive     tuesday will be fun day, so much oil and grease to play with   smile "
"all fluid in the car have been flushed and changed to fully synthetic, even the headlight fluid  muffler bearing lubed and ready to go, but the damn swaybar endlink keeps breaking  tomorrow the top of the motor comes off and cleaned and put back together  yay "
so far my appeal must be going through for ue cause utah now wants me to sign up at there employment center? well looks like i have 4 days of here and then a drive       
"looks like im going to be 2 days behind schedule, winds and rain today, snow tomorrow  sad "
"mr intake bolt, why oh why did you want to <propfemale> out with my piston? getting you out was a pain in my arse "
"frozen to the bone  finished the top end, in the snow  still have a leak but hopefully only due to the gasket maker not drying all the way (took 48's ?) tomorrow before the weld shop i have to finish my endlink install; going back to stockers to see what happens "
"well, lets hope the last thing i ordered gets here before its leaving time, my laptop charger when to crap tonight so im gonna be offline til it shows up   sad  3rd charger in 3 years      i guess 10$ a year aint bad"
well the fantastic voyage starts tomorrow  hopefully <propfemale> is stocked with enough rockstar cola to keep me running      and gas of course
"so far driving through nebraska, like obama i have only 59 states to go til i'm home again"
"why hello <propmale> nebraska, still as ugly and drab as i remember "
stuck at the bottom of missouri (pronounced misery) with a locked up caliper  didn't get much working just a loud arse pop and a driver front tire not spinning any more
"so glad i brought tools and have ability to fix things  a rock locked up my caliper but it gets better  sheared a nut of my rear toe control arm  another easy fix, leaving me with 8 more hours to go"
"memphis tennessee has a glass pyramid, how quaint (sp?)"
"almost had forgotten how horrible alabamian drives are, thanks for the reminder i-65"
midnight in montgomery? screw that it's only 8:18 playa  silly <propmale>
"totally forgot how bloody hot it is down here, already dropped off a few apps or work  hoping someone likes it"
after the post office has nothing to do  should i start installing my venom <propfemale> or clean all the bugs off my car?
"grrr  i start to install my nitrous <propfemale> and wham, it hits me  i only have 4 injector wires on the harness  looks like i'm only putting in the tank and running the line for now"
"in the words of some retard, i supposedly hate kids, but magically since i've been to florida i've been around 4 of them and been having a great time "
first week in florida and still no work  hopefully something happens 
"2 weeks of applying for jobs, and straining my eyes on this damn computer looking for anything  ive tried for 3 days to get up and make it to day labor by 530- that isnt going well at all "
"another day off applications  needing something fierce, need to fix my alignment, replace calipers and rotors, and dying for sushi      seeing places everywhere"
"another thing i forgot about that i totally don't miss     pollen and allergies, woke up feeling horrible for the past 3 days  grr"
so not a fan of optima batteries anymore   sad 
"so here's a question for everyone and a story to go with it  car battery sits at 12 5v or so when off  turn the car on, voltage works its way down to 9 1v or so and stays     new battery, same deal  doesnt matter if its driving or sitting idle  i'm broke and lost  anyone have a thought?"
"empty brain, empty thoughts      "
"ugh  still no job, havent found the bad ground in the car, and now been sick for 2 days  anymore bad luck for me?"
"so after pulling out two more leds that i totally forgot i put in, brand new battery ground, and a fully charged battery voltage never dropped below 13 1 while driving foe 30 minutes  if the same in the morning i've finally killed the grimlin"
"as i'm sittin there driving all of a sudden, pow!, right across the face  i get the urge to rock out like <propmale> dyrdek but realise     i don't have any <propmale> iglesias  so sad"
"oh what's that? oh yes it is, 630 and it's a job? let's hope so"
"2nd day of beach chair gig, and ya, not feeling it now  so damn boring"
i think someone loves me  where did these butterflies in my belly come from?  smile 
"it's a beautiful day, no clouds, enough heat to bake me alive, and oh, it's only 9;30"
"totally sun scorched but feel i accomplished something, dont know what it is yet but i hope it was epic"
"well job hunt is still going  i'm honestly down for anything, need more then just 3 days a week though    "
"another beautiful day on the beach, to bad i can't spend with the woman i love"
mmm   someone smells like chocolate
you know you're in florida when the city takes a weekend to celebrate being plundered by pirates 
"well, just turned my iphone into my laptops keyboard and mouse "
"such a long, lonely day  sad "
"oh my, oh my  i've got an interview today, keep the fingers crossed for me folks!"
"mmmm, first day of training and already want a normal 9 to 5er  anyone else ready for season three of true blood and the return of futurama?"
"so sales rep job was a total croc, anyone else heard some buzz of job openings       tomorrow night, true blood season 3  wink "
sad morning  woke up alone after a depressing day after a horrible mistake and dropped my phone  screen is so trashed  so glad screen is receptive
another lonely night due to a dumb mistake
oh the agony of no work and a broken heart 
"yay  got an interview monday at a screen printing place monday, and got a credit card so i can buy the parts to fix my car  anyone up for a junkyard treasure hunt?"
just cleared 200gigs of movies and junk from my external harddrive to make room for the new stuffs since im formating my computer again   smile 
welcome to the 6 hour install of windows 7   now in a few hours i'll be running that and <propmale> osx snow leopard
"so far today is full of muchness, more muchness than i'm used to "
"after 3 days of fighting a nasty virus, i'm proud to say i have killed the google redirect virus and happily computing normally  that is all, since nogaf  smile "
"why hello <propfirst> and turk, didn't e playful ect to see you in the friend room"
"starts work at the liquor store monday, part time, hopefully i can get to paws monday and apply there too"
"so all i need now is a ride to walmart for a bike, and then decide if i should replace both cv joints or just one? any takers and or ideas?  i'd walk to walmart but these steel toe tennies are so not comfortable"
"thank you <propmale> for the ride, i just rode the bike around for a while and totally enjoyed it  now looking for work ill be getting some cardio, screw doing the cardio x when i start p90x next week"
"well, hopefully nothing crazy happens at work tonight  last nights madness was enough for me  so is my resume really that bad that jobs i know i can do proficiently don't even call?"
anyone have a backpack they no longer need that can hold a 17 inch laptop? this poor cyclist could sure use one
show up to work and told i might be dropped cause hr doesn't want to pay what the manager said my rate is  at least i'm finally starting my p90x workout tonight and <propfemale> is super hot  smile 
"first night of p90x over  after the break, all i can say is wow! i have never felt this great after workingout and can't wait til tomorrow night"
"long poll rolled short, please everyone that cares for me answer; yes or no- am i really that bad of a person?"
so how does one get rid of all the dang trees in that frontier game?? i cant keep up with em and it sucks
"worked alone the past to nights, there sure are a lot of crazies that waltz into liquor stores  missing church today due to work which sucks "
oh yeah     happy 4th of july everyone!!
so after a week at the liquor store i get an awesome job offer  just need a day off to get my car road worthy again but kinda hard when there is only me and the manager here
anyone up for some car work in the hot sun tomorrow? i have 2 cv halfshafts that im replacing and would love a helper plus some place other than the street to do it in 
"why hello there road kill, mind if i laid down next to you and basked in your filth for a moment? it would sure eff'n help me forget my issues"
"i made some bang bang shrimp last night  followed the bone fish directions and for a first shot at it, it came out quite well  no one gagged or died "
"busy day crashed into long drive  oriellys forgot to ship half my parts, gotta go to pcola so registering my car and getting my fl license on hold"
"thank you god so much for family, i don't know what i would do without em, e playful ecially extended family you haven't said a word to in over 15 yrs "
another sunday session of church missed due to work  i can't wait to start the new job at least i'd get sundays off 
"so  apparently it's  more hostile here than i wanted to think, just asking a question had someone rip into me like i was an ass "
anyone up for running backwards through a corn field? that's how my days been so far
i wanna get chocolate wasted
freakin sweet  new hire packet is getting downloaded and ready for me to fill out  just gotta find out where to get a fingerprint card done here  hello new job!
"wow, day just turned bad  i'm so pissed im sick"
when did filling out medical and dental insurance get so difficult?
"anyone with a first gem iphone update to os4 and have weird issues, like locking up during phone calls and hard reseting or when updating programs they stop and close or even opening any default program and they close just the same? i'm getting a little pissed at it"
"well  someone has a choice to make and because of that i'm somewhat homeless til it's made, starting sunday  i hope the choice is the one that will benefit everyone involved"
the magical quest to <propmale> hood begins in around 20 minutes  oh please oh please let today be in my favor and my car becomes dependable again 
"needing my true blood fix, anyone know what's happened the past 2 weeks?"
first day of drive along  whole lot of questions i have for the manager
"day 2 over, made 200 bucks to watch this guy work  starting monday i guess i get 100 hrs of training at 100 a day  that ain't to bad"
long day and wish it would rain
"what, what?"
could this week get any worse and slower?
vengeance
"in touch with the ground\i'm on the hunt i'm after you\smell like i sound, i'm lost in a crowd\and i'm hungry like the wolf\straddle the line, in discord and rhyme\i'm on the hunt i'm after you\mouth is alive with juices like wine\and i'm hungry like the wolf"
someones going to be bald after work today and i'm not talking about an eagle
"anxiety attack, damn my body isn't liking being out of bed or being single"
what what?! someones going to south florida? yup that me 
well this sucks
anyone have some happy pills?
"on the road again, hope my car doesn't blow up on the road again  backpack worked awesome <propmale>  thanks  smile "
i've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match
so change of plans  i'm going to tampa
i don't cafe what you think as long as it's about me  cause the best of us can find happiness in misery  - fall out boy 
"must     keep eyes     open  not tired, just never make it through hours of lectures"
"i've also decided i don't like tampa, not at all"
the dreaming- bleed    youtube it or google the lyrics  it's my theme song for the week
so ready to go home now
"let's keep our fingers crossed the hotel didn't ransack my crap, the job thought my boss had me going to ocala tonight but he changed his mind and didn't tell them  i left everything in there  sad "
boiling water with a coffee maker for my raman noodles   smile 
its decided  im getting a nissan armada as soon as everyone i owe is paid 
missed my 5am wake up call  slowly making it back to where i don't belong
"just passed the <propmale> <propfemale>, such a beautiful sight "
well maybe se homemade bang bang shrimp will help cheer me up
trying to get motivated to go to loses
"well looks like lowes tomorrow, i haven't done a thing today besides beat a game i've been playing for over a month  installing <propfemale> stone again and trying to learn another language again"
must be something subliminal about this month buy every day has felt like hell in a handbasket and not looking any better
anyone have a copy of my turn on earth on dvd that i can have a copy of?
"yup, didn't make it to church  this week is going to suck"
just got a <propmale> in the mail for a doctors visit almost 2 years ago  so glad i've learned <propfemale> and record keeping or that would have pissed me off  yup i did pay it  smile 
"woe be the man that takes his last breathe in vain, for if it had purpose it would have sustained the poor souls heart  if broken hearted is meant for mending, then bring the sutures to heal what time does not deem worthy"
"at night i cling to you, i'm so afraid \afraid the day will come \and i'll wake and find you gone \but you promised that you'd not abandon me \and kissed my fears away \but i woke up to that day"
why is it everytime you beat one addiction you lose someone you love with all your heart and soul?
"so the worlds changed, the person dumped is now the bad guy"
i want out of here
inception is one crazy movie
"so if this install job starts going like it should and i get really efficient, i'm thinking to install satellite tv stuff too  that would really keep my busy"
"starting to get stressed out  havent worked at the liquor store in almost 2 weeks, haven't recieved my paycheck that i was supposed to get monday  if only my iraqi money was worth more then toilet paper"
this twinkie thing  it ain't over 
so how do you stop your world from being pull apart?
"yay, get to do my first job tomorrow"
"with rockstar cola in hand i will defeat today on a good note        eh, just gonna try"
so arrived 15 minutes early for my first install and the customer wasn't even home  at least i still get paid for the 30 minutes
just watched the first part of red <propmale>  simply put  supreme digity
it's wonderful when mother nature matches the weather with my mood
6 more hours  sad 
heading to what will be my first lead install job  why the piss am i nervous?
i guess this job ain't to bad when the installs actually happen 
and   boom goes the dynamite   smile 
well
2 more hours til i get off work and watch my addiction on sunday nights  true blood
"well first install of the day fell through, dude didn't know he already had one in the house  now to thomasville <propfemale>"
mother *€¥¥£!!!!
"if only i could feel tired, gotta be in enterprise alabama tomorrow around 8  grrr"
some peoples kids  o o
"something has to give, and hopefully its not me"
2 more hours of boredom  can anyone think of something to pass time at a liquor store?
so is it bad when you stay up late waiting and hoping for a phone call or at least a text
smiling a little on the inside  totally not going to north <propfemale> next week 
lonely     and tired of working at the liquor store on sundays  kills the <propmale> of going to church
"well, looks like i've got a date after work  smile "
one more hour til the mayhem begins 
"well, the amazing mayhem wasn't as fulfilling as i hoped"
"so if you have your seat pushed all the way back and you still feel squished, does that mean you've out grown your car?"
yup  i am so done with this install bull****
"ok peeps, keep your fingers crossed for me please  i'm so hoping bonefish hires me"
beware! what are you talking about? i haven't said that in so long just let me go with it
has anyone else noticed the <propfemale> is still out?
had a totally wonderful and memorable night last night
march 8th has just become a day that i cant wait for     dragon age 2
zombie nazi's and it's a whole horror comedy movie about them? that's awesome
was just accepted to be an open beta tester for final fantasy 14  if only it liked windows 7 and ntsf formatted drives
5 more minutes    please no more drunks this late
so for a hardwire install i made -38 bucks  eff this
more alone and depressed than i should be 
"love it when you park your car, it rattles and you watch a pulley roll down the parking lot"
so is it bad that i have been counting down the days til today and it's only because i can go buy shoes?
so should i? i'm having <propmale> doubts
hopefully 3 more sundays of this job and i can finally quit
so bored 
2 more days          
resident evil: afterlife in 3d was amazing!
so apparently training next week is mandatory  i'm supposed to leave friday but not due to working at the liquor store and will again tonight inform my boss it needs to be rescheduled  he's so not gonna like it
"you would think that, but they did add a 500 <propmale> pay for the week since so many people have told their bosses they are not going  it's not that i dont want to go, i dont have the gas money to get there "
well garner nc here i come  sad 
this goes out to my gnomies
i thought i loved you but it was just how you looked in the light - fob
so many idiots on the interstate today  silly fsu fans
font you hate leaving your wallet in your butt pocket for long drives  my right leg is asleep
found me a rabbit on the interstate  gonna catch em  smile 
"yay, first day in nc and i already have a date  can't wait to see you <propfemale>  smile "
"what, what?! it's six am and i'm already up ready to murder the day  damn i love it"
"about to go into class, already ready to come home"
"yay, platos closet after class"
"first day over and so glad, got stuck with a guy that was the rudest and not cool at all"
"so made it back to the hotel  sad i didnt hear from someone i love talking to but glad im one day away from being back home  had a wonderful time with my \cousin\"" <propfemale>  smile """
"second days almost over and they decided paying <propmale> is to much  so it's 12 an hour for however long mapquest said it should take  that's another kick in the teeth, at least the teacher thinks i'm awesome 0 o"
hahaha just got hosed!
"chick-fil-a spicy chicken, what a croc"
why hello anxiety attack and an ambulance ride sad 
heading to <propfemale> corral for a pick me up
now begins the exidos
"well, thanks to my stupid choices i have a very very hard up hill battle"
it took me watching a 12 yr old on youtube to learn how to bar lace my shoes  thats so funny 
throw your hands in the air if you hate my job  ::throws em up::   smile 
is on his way to <propfirst> services       resume dropping time   smile 
holy goodness  55 wpm with only 8 errors  not bad for a technician in my opinion  tomorrow head <propmale> lady since my xanax is not making typing easy hahaha
first animal seen on the road; wild boar  does that mean today is going to be wildly boaring?  smile 
don't you hate it when you reach into a snack bag of doritos to only find out your hand is to big?
my brain must be somewhere else  driving north of dothan right now and it feels like i'm driving from loveland to greeley
totally broke the rules to get me a pizza 
it's a very comfortable 56 degrees outside  perfect fire weather
fighting that damn pulley again  this time not close to tools or home
well today's been long and stressful  thank you <propfemale> for the help this morning to help me stay calm and cope
is it possible to be your own frienemy?
"dammit!! i shouldn't have slammed on my brakes, the dumbass that ran the red would have totally t-boned me  mother of macoroni"
release the hoounds!  ( said with a deep english accent)
"ok my facebook peeps, i need help with music  i've exhausted all the albums i have  can you name off artists so i can get new music to cruise to since i spend hours driving  thanks  smile "
doesn't it make you feel good when you google something bothering you and it actually shows up as an autocomplete and finds over a million hits 
1 more 1908's <propfemale> song i think might cause a mental lapse in sanity  i need my laptop
"super massive blackhole in my head, also considered a huge headache  taken 4 packets of bc powder so far with no relief  damn cinnamon broomstick"
"well, the new angels and airwaves: love  is absolutely astounding  i cant wait to hear it in my automobile   smile "
"well, 2 of the 4 medical bills are set up for monthly withdrawls        im afraid that the nc ones havent arrived yet cause they are going to be bajillion's of dollars"
"i think someone really wants me to spend some time in a hospital, almost lopped off the top digit of my middle finger"
i held onto you as long as i could but today you fell away  i stood on the edge of your bridge til the rain pushed me away
perfect wash the car weather
dilemma  do i buy new tires and hope the rears i have last til they arrive or wait til next payday to get them?
2 or so hours of sleep  another long day of driving  if my last customer acts like he did back in july i'm not staying to help him  whiners do get there way with big companies but won't ruin my mood  mmmm a date  smile 
so i'm gonna be about 25 minutes late to the shindig
"yay, back to albany after a long morning that started with a gut wrenching text around 3am"
"oh yeah, couple more weeks and it's hitler stash time"
whatever happened to do unto others as you would have others do unto you?
2 more sundays left of work  anyone go to the reunion last night? anything worth talking about?
food anyone?
"st  paulies girl, should i?"
"first day i get to vegg in a long time, bought fallout new vegas but would rather be doing something else"
damn wall! give me back my glow <propmale>!!!!
some words of warning  it's ok to eat tabasco sauce but not it inhale it  my voice box is still burning
"well, come tomorrow it'll be a month      what to do to celebrate? play pool, fallout new vegas, or nap? i think taking a nap would be best "
why do i keep doing this to myself?! i know me and mcdonalds don't mix well
hydrocodone for a tooth ache  i like my dentist  smile 
"if i ever get old and <propmale>, someone shoot me if i act like a arrogant piece of sperm whale poop "
so i'm liking the new phone  sucks i had to get it but dropped the iphone one too many times
knim  wishing it was nap time
mmm  $5 dollar hot and ready
holy ppf's all day aquaman
another one of those send you out to fail moments
manbearpig strikes again
holy cow i love the gas at the dentist  2 hours just flew by
finally done in wakulla
"any one have cleats that are 7's in kids? <propfirst> starts soccer monday and doesn't have any, it would be awesome if someone does"
another day with no underlying reason to be feeling so depressed
well glad the anti-glare cover i bought was only 2 bucks  guess it also had anti-iphone adhesive and lint all over it  hope the otterbox i bought has a cover too 
service project went well one person showed up  me
mmmm last day at the sunday job 
aw  sad   no ones noticed my costume
i will never be whole again with these dead memories in my heart
feels like a chili and sthalid night   
had a wicked crazy dream last night
has decided deathclaws are my mortal nemisis
installed a system today in an old ladies house who's cousin is the father of a member  of the band socialburn  cool in my book
someone can't afford to pay rent but sure as pisa can afford to change a lock so i can't get in to get my crap when i need it  too funny
"well, driving on borrowed <propmale>  hope my tires hold up til friday so i can hit a j-yard and pull some stocker rims"
heck ya  go repubs talk the houses back!!!
"we've all done our dirt, god knows i have  and i know i can't taken it back and i'm leavin my past behind me  i feel this in my veins like lepersy  i feel this brain it's vexin me  i need more angels in my life \\ smile "
feels so good having new shoes on the auto
32 degrees?! lovin it
i wonder what awaits at fox run road
"nine months and 16,000 <propmale> later good time to do an oil change"
"hello a 330 am wake up alarm to start a 356 mile drive  thanks for the wonderful wake up <propfemale>  smile    \\and yes folks it was completely pg, very borderline g  smile "
yup this handicapped guy was a very special special spirit
save money with geico? doubt they lower your rates for moving two blocks down   smile 
cool license plate:   cin3r
should i get a bonsai tree?
holy crap! 4 months later and i finally fix the dying battery problem  it was a freaking bulb that stopped the voltage regulator from working correctly
"anyone looking for a security system in the destin greater fort <propmale> beach area? if so hit me up, i need work   smile "
"mmmm, <propfemale> garden and no clue what i want besides the spinach dip"
"another beautiful sunrise, better to blind me while i drive east"
i think my next companion is going to be a sugar glider
"god, guns, and guts   what <propfemale> needs"
"300 bucks for a 1984 honda shadow, whatcha folks think?"
when did condoms become fda items?
is now adding ruffles to the boycott list  now sit down next to sun chips and enjoy not getting any money from me
junk yard diving didnt bring up anything good  all cadillac horns were bad  sad 
one more day    
rolaids and rockstar  hmmm
looks like i get a new windshield tuesday
looks like i just made a friend and saved someone from down grading from an awesome car
"hey dj, spin the soundtrack of bad decisions"
got my green tag     60 days  smile -
"poor turk turkelton, didn't survive in skyline long"
finally set a doctors appointment
"haha silly lifters, sounding like a drummer boy still"
i think a letter to a sibling stating history and facts about her outstanding debts that i will never want to collect on supersede void any i created  just cause your a dumb drunk that has the obama entitlement mentality and can't remember good over bad doesn't mean i owe you due to my hard work and good fortune
17 more days    
didn't know my car could drift  smile 
white mt  dew- not tasty at all
note to self- don't sneeze when opening a bc powder packet
"how am i supposed to be at two places at once monday, twice? 0,o"
"hahaha, house did the boom goes the dynamite! wasn't as funny as family guys"
"well that attic was a maze, don't like houses in baker"
a walmart in the works by 30a? that's going to slow 98 down even more  suck
man this customer is really pissing me off  wasn't available back in september so he cancelled  he whined to get me here today by 8 and i've been sitting  not worth it since i'm feeling cranky
well
"well, adams cat hates me  ripped open the cat food, dog food, destroyed a doll, attacked me the whole time is there  at least i got a nice note when i showed up"
"cordelle, ga here i come"
what is this? a promotion? a raise?! sure why not i like money
hahaha i'm talking on my phone and it magically texts poop
<---- needs a new profile picture
well     this week can go down as twit ikso
"holy eff, just cause the customers a <propmale> about a scheduling problem doesn't mean you take it out on tech, especially if it's the first time"
"i store my hate keep it buried deep inside, but i'm choking on the true i can't deny \\that you cut to deep to often and i'm hemorrhaging inside  its to late to stitch up with a butterfly"
"      mmm perfection in a shell devoid of life, leaving a trail of broken dreams behind, god you're so beautiful but when i looked in your eyes"
pacifica or armada? i drive about 2600 <propmale> a week so which do you guys think?
what the eff? reverse lights are on except when in reverse  thanks for not giving me a ticket officer
mmmm someone just bought alpaca socks  smile 
"4 am- 260 <propmale> to drive23 degrees outside, feels like hell froze overnight"
hahaha
<propmale> mars- grenade  video will be uploaded when i get back from <propfemale>  beautiful song
"yay back in florida, again"
"yay more shooting stars, i think i've exceeded my wish limit though, phone call never came in"
"your my addiction, my prescription, my antidote, how can i tell you how all that you are? i feel you coming on so fast, feel you coming on to get me high  you're better than drugs- skillet"
what do you do when you work and come home and i'm creepin out the back door? pants on the floor and your asking her what ya doin that for?- tech n9ne
well paxil and ativan are my daily friends
never realized how evil my eyebrows make me look  nice  smile 
"new <propmale> potter movie, paid 10 bucks to take a nap "
"side effects of my meds that i'm noticing that are not listed  everything has a more robust flavor, even dog farts"
"so everyone knows i'm alive, just didn't have reception all day  now driving home from <propmale> <propfemale>"
"she says she's out with the girls and you know that's a lie, if she kisses him  that's your kiss goodbye"
thank you very much whoever can't drive and now has me creeping on the interstate between exits for the past hour  dumbass
just got my alpaca socks!!!
first play in the dirt
"face is no longer numb, 2 more dental visits and i can start my bleachings  go me"
single  sad       
you've made me responsible for your self inflicted misery
i love lamp but i don't even know who you are any more
son of a mother fucker!!!!  don't you look before you back up your piece of shit?! i'd been sitting in your driveway for 2 fucking hours!!!
haha i just gave a pan handler a worm from home packet someone gave me 
there goes another out the window
playin in the mud again
awe crap
me+paxil+chantix+somethingelse= equals zombie spaz     hopefully my ninja skills don't diminish
so apparently i'm made of money and evil
anyone need some side work done? i've got a week off and getting bored of video games
"yup, just re-affirmed my love for plato's closet"
apparently a cell tower went down or something since i have 19 customers to call saying they lost cell reception at 4am this morning
"mmmm, red dead redemption is calling my name- loudly"
: sad rickets:: : sad rickets::
hmmm  today is what yesterday wishes it could of been an what tomorrow will never be? what is it you ask? it's effn friday! yay
must be a recovering rockband addict if coheed and cambria come on pandora and i start playing the drums with the steering wheel and brake pedal
i'm such a loone  smile 
think i'd have a big problem e playful laining a tattoo of the title of <propfemale> at judgement day?
"dd'n again, so hilarious to watch drunks for some reason and doing a good a thing at the same time  smile "
these shape up sketchers are so crazy  feels like i have a stress ball under the middle of my feet
is illegal to listen to in 57 of the 59 obama states
"no, no no! hahaha he did, just dug out some green gold an then looked over at me shocked, as if someone wasn't goin to see"
"don't forget to brush your teeth or goblins will kill your mother - <propmale>, american dad"
"bored and no \guy\"" stores left in the mall or book stores  sad """
"feeling pretty down, paxil, effexor, and chantix amplifying it maybe?"
so apparently i've got to have plans in the morning or setting the alarm clock is a wasted endeavor
"i object, my <propfemale> kat sounded nothing like the commercials"
i don't how old it is but i'm totally lovin deuces by <propfirst> brown
"so the dinner dance was fun, learned i've lost my rhythm but still have fun"
why do i agree to work with this guy?
yuck
"delicious, rockstar cola  its the death of me"
taco <propfemale> is now less than a mile from home     i'm going to get so fat
"pitbulls an parolees  could careless about the people, show me more of the beautiful dogs"
i'm just a little black rain cloud
"nope, i would not like a cosby sweater "
i just realized the answer to why they made clothes  they new this sexy guy was gonna make it look good
i wanna talk to samson!
thanks for ruining my day npr 
there is nothing worse than loving someone that always disappoints you
"what's the difference between a seal and a sealion? the second is always ion something \\hahahaha"
instantaneous
get jiggy with it
wow!!!
so it's true you are a schitzo  i wouldn't know i stay out of his business and they stay out of mine
<propfemale>?
"so if your rockstar tastes like robotussin, should you return it?"
if i could turn back time i would go back and screw up your <propfemale>
"luvs, i don't don't what to think about your new commercial  i'm just glad you did what you did as a cartoon    \\that is all,\<propfirst>"
"you swear you're nothing like the last girl, but you don't know that i'm already yours  \\i always fall, \i always fall for your type- <propfirst> foxx"
thanks
if you had no hair you'd look like <propmale> davito- turk
do i have to wake up?
"go missouri, they're working on passing a law drug testing welfare people  about time"
"yay, more great news, comrades! obamacare deemed unconstitutional  what a beautiful day"
wish the thunderstorm lasted longer last night
"<propmale> didnt see his shadow on candlemas, but no super bowl prediction  what gives?"
and?
that groundhog was wrong!
"www antiduckface com      \\retarded faces daily caught on camera"
i'm not really a fan of saw but i've seen em all so i just rented the final chapter  yay for 3 hours i'm gonna waste
so i've finally put p90x on dvd  now i just need a workout partner and to get a copy mailed out  any takers?
mmm volcano box
off to church
6 more days of bleaching away the past  man it's looking good
so if woman gets butt fat put into her lips does that turn burps into farts?
oh the joys of rain  beautiful skies and retards get behind their wheels and forget how to drive
"aguilera, you nailed it!!"
i think i just opened pandora's box      er platos closet
"obama  administrations position on mubarak annoyed stay in power, leave office immediately, in a few days, step down in a few months, wait till voting in september  did they miss anything? what a pathetic group of yellow belly, forked tongue, idiots we have parading the american ideals to the world \\i love lamp"
"ok, that will piss you off "
"i said good day to you sir, not go pee"
"who just had the day from hell and just now heading home? this guy\\whose lonely and not having fun? this guy\\whose ready to kick eff'n tomorrow's arse?\      you guessed it  smile "
"when you see a <propfemale> peach layin out at beach,\do the creep   assign\\get your knees flexin and your arms t-rexin\do the creep,    aaahhh\\i am so doing that dance saturday in ozark  anyone have a suit and a video camera i can borrow?"
"yup, still got it\\i can totally scare away (p word for cat)"
"high ho, it's off to <propfirst> florida i go"
"so you sit behind me for 37 <propmale>  then race past me to get in front just to slam on your brakes to take an off ramp  \\thanks, i hope you get diarrhea"
"so on coast to coast     apparently western leaders have flown to afghanistan (secretly) to see an ancient flying machine, a vermona (sp?), that they can't get out of a cave \\my opinion? there is an executive bathroom there like no other seen by any man  (family guy reference)"
"oh my gosh  i know where i'm never moving to  <propfirst>, fl   no cell services for any carrier  it's hell on earth people  hell on earth!!"
"do you breathe? if so you might be titled to compensation in the class action lawsuit       or were you born and traumatized for life? \ever been bitten by a mosquito, ate lettuce in your salad, had carbonation in your soda, had water in your eff'n water for water's sake, put your pants on one leg at a time, ran out of toilet paper, or heaven forbid wake up in the morning?!"
well know i know why my brain hurts like it does
where's the snow?
"in a hurry? need gas, milk, or how about a touch up on your tan? just stop off at the get-n-go in enterprise <propmale>, right off mlk parkway   and you heard right tanning beds in a gas station"
this like a second <propmale> but it's the first impression
"it's true, i have a man crush on <propfirst> foxx"
hahaha  finally have muscles for my muscle shirts
so the glow in black light hairspray doesnt glow
wow  god does answer prayers in strange bit wonderous ways  the actions that followed out of plan cause me to help remove someone from a really bad situation 
anxiety pill and church  not a good combo
"ok, just shoot me now "
"a thanks once in awhile, maybe something people with feelings would love to get"
"lack of sleep, checked\self destructive rampage, not again\stopping effexor cold turkey  f'n retarded"
so  anyone go to the gym at night and want a partner? im ready to get to hulk size
"instead of wasting time playing oregon trail, i'm going to start playing the stock market  since it seems my iraqi investment isn't going to bloom i've got to venture into something new "
no real reason to accept the way things have changed  -shinedown
the stratus is sold!!!
"i know your mad but so what, chaulking up my deuces!"
"if i could turn back time,\you know i'd find a way,\to choke the life from you and laugh until your dead "
fun day  forgot a drill
stabbing westward- haunting me
"even in the midst of despair, bam!!!! pof com hits and a friend helps easy the soul  thank you and you know who you are"
"<propfemale> day, playing with swords  oh yes"
"so after the long emotional battle i have today with myself, and thank you to everyone that listened to my blubbering like a child  my sister, <propfemale>, made me cry the largest tears of joy that i have ever cried, i asked for a copy of my turn on earth and what does she do  she goes out of her way and buys one for me "
"life lock works, applied for a best buy card  and right after the approval- lifelock chimes in saying activity if not you call us immediately"
"taking a break from installing my concert in a car, and putting on legacy family tree software "
hahahaha  blocked!
"new band  sounds like flaw and five bolt main \\arythma- indifference"
so i'm addicted to bleaching  i just spent two weeks bleaching my teeth  is it bad to start again so soon?
hope that wasn't poison <propfemale>
when i was a one a two a three new something was wrong with me  it's cause i was a fu fu fu demon  this is my life so bitches let go
piss lava and quervo  then chug it  smile 
field sobriety test due to my meds and then a damn ticket cause he couldn't i've a dui  i'm fighting
stratus leaves today  im actually quite happy just need the people that wanted the free equipment to hurry up and get here
"another day, more weird comments  be prepared"
"tech nine- ( but how i'm thinking)\\drama used to be my middle name,\sins setting me up for fame it gets to me,\where people i used to know switch and change,\regretfully i never want to see them they stressing me,\putting my soul in jeopardy\with you in my life i need weapons protecting me\i need angels in my life watching over me"
well  i don't know how to label today  i've has the dpd constantly knocking at the door and time has just flown by
bleh
"ffdb- promises you broke, words you choked on, and i never walked away it's still a mistery to me\\well i'm so empty, i'm better off without you and your better off without me \your so unclean\im better off without you \the deceiving and the bleeding!"
"just walk away pretend that nothing is real\forgive me for saying that care\forgive me for laughing when you fall\but i have to lie to myself and say i never cared at all"
well two hours layers a complete stranger has a fixed tire and is back to his world  guess that was the pick me up i needed
"rawr!!!\\you're not worth my time,\you're dead and wrong\you have a long way to go\\no thoughts should invade my head, \but they poison me causing dread\there is no doubt your going to hate seeing me when you've lost all control\you're not worth my time\ smile "
<propfirst> volz- secure  mmmmmm great song
"mmm, i am going back to doing my oil changes again  100 bucks for a clean and flush  screw that"
"flaw- only the strong\\maybe things happen for a reason,\and where in lies the answers to over come the grieving of life's unruly lessons\and happen in succession it builds my brain which makes me strong\\inside we all know only the strong survive "
"i said \what what\""     smile """
come on iraqi dinari  im tired of you being worth less than a vote for obama
"i'm horrible  i gave a pan handler a face mask, like the ones used for sars "
"ok brain hurts, can not find the contact cement for the life of me "
well 
sleepy
really?!
can i cuss yet?
"so fresh, so clean  old spice guy ain't got nothing on me  ( grammar as in a-word spelled incorrect to fit into societies norm)\\but beaver dams i feel good  can't wait to head up yonder to ha, higher alabama"
not so fresh now       just walked a neighborhood dispensing flyers to let more people know about my company and the deal they get      maybe more icy hot?
um      if you hit hide peoples posts from your wall do they get notified? if so- oops but oh well  smile 
"1  acts of service\2  quality time\3  words of affirmation- truely saying i love you \4  physical touch- holding hands and hugging\5  gifting\\odd  i do this but never have received in full from my sig  other     ysa conference speak that got me  these have to come from both sides or i'm not going to waste my time with you"
at church getting my primary lesson finalized   
is it bad i'm stressing over a friend request?
foiled again
"well, it's off to storm the castle "
you go shopping for eggs and buy half the store  sad 
"one friendship ends, has been for awhile-  i can ****ing breathe again \i think i'm really done with florida "
"hot or not com you lie! if i was only a 2 33 how am i getting hit on all the time now? oh i know he secret, but i'll never tell  smile \\damn it feels good"
death becomes her  anyone wanna watch that sometime soon?
"well stormed the castle all day and won, even though the french kept farting in my general direction  tomorrow, if the rain stops and i have no work i am finally adding the hid fog lights to my beast so i can see in the dark and blind others  smile \\good night everyone"
"as you can see im reading the miracle of forgiveness and today has really been a test of my willingness to grasp onto the iron <propmale> that i can finally see through the woods that i ran to so willingly in my youth  \this chapter \keeping god's commandments brings forgiveness is really hitting home to me and those two scriptures alone have answered so many buried questions and doubts that i have had in my head for weeks "
"morning time  filled with breakfast, push ups, sit ups, and cleaning up of some poles    "
hahahahaha! i found it 
holy 30 cent jump in gas batman  there goes my plans for the month
i think someone needs to give someone montezuma's revenge to some driver next to me
listening to <propfirst> becks conversion on cd  anyone want a copy? <propmale>?
question with boldness!!
flaw- the best i am
all these go out to <propfirst> beck  he is my inspiration and hero 
goodnight world  i must say ado and will strive to finish tomorrow on a happy note
hahaha someone logged onto my account at 610 this morning totally wasnt me
need rockstar      actually a lot of it
"just found out how to upload my own videos, prepare for the dumbness my friends  it will make the flying circus seem like dr suess"
"confucious never said but should have, \man that ack like donkey have no fear of poop\"""""
9007eb ecobright - your environmental choice  save energy - save money  up to 25% brighter light  co2 reduced 9 to 21%  gas savings $2 to $19    really?!
mmmmmm  anabolic halo with nano vapor tonight  my tummy can't wait  smile 
someday soon i'll have some video blog or something
"so if i sign up for amway, anyone wanna help me out and buy stuffs from my website?"
"today that darn castle falls, hopefully the bobbies don't stop it again this time"
hence the count begins  i am going to frontier days!!
ok  i need a new profile name i like sad panda but i need something i haven't used
"thats right, photo change  i am 2x the rockstar some people will ever know! i dont need the fame, just the drugs  (prescribed mind you)"
starting to do the ab ripper and x stretch  so my facebook blabbing is done til the body hurts   smile 
<propfirst> basedo- eat your heart out  soon you'll be bouncing dolphins off my abs  hahahaha
holy crap! that ab ripper is no joke  walmart for a yoga mat here i come
mmm  5am and a banana hasn't tasted so good 
"a rock in a box,\brought by 14th century fox,\beaver dams and <propfirst> hoods men in tights,\all try wanted was equal rights  smile \\dumb poem but just thought i'd share the random in my mind from lack of sleep"
"$5 gas by memorial day?! why are we reliving the 70's and why the eff did we buy alaska stupid people that voted stupid people to run our country in the ground  \\i hope everyone that voted for the three stooges gets an anal wart  just one to remind them how annoying their stupidity is"
"k, i am mr grumpy pants today "
so is it bad that i'd rather watch the jumping spider mating dance instead of jersey shore?
"so after all the talking, showing paperwork  this grouch wants me to rip everything out because he doesn't do automatic drafts"
better now 
the heavens opened up and the rain drops slipped through my fingers and i'm so afraid that you'll fly away- stabbing westard
"you know welfares working, cervantes was empty hahaha"
"argg, forgot my tension ropes  alot of driving means a lot of forearm curls  dang it"
is it doodie or tolberone?
"someone should call me   and it should be \\amazing"
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention  honor them by re-posting this status "
"according to this name generator program i downloaded, my name in dragon ball z land is vegeta  how true, start out evil an then joins good side  smile "
"all is well in my brain now, thanks for asking"
"tag, you're it "
ugh
yup  my meds hate me 
ever wished we could play bumper cars on the highway?
"round 4  abilify and lowest dose of lamictal  \doc \ how do you feel?\""\",7296f569caa3ecfad3fa51eb54ca952d,day one    tired an body aches  could it be due to sleeping for 12 hours?
"1 hour stretch of p90x, yes sir"
"thats just two weeks of barely working out  now its all going away thanks to other problems but ill be buff before the summer  oh yes, i will look good in the speedo again folks  smile "
"d&c 10:20- verily, verily, i say unto you, that satan has great hold upon their hearts; he stirreth them up to iniquity against that which is good "
"fingers are crossed  first time ever i'm letting a shop install my stereo,    wish em luck and hopefully i'll keep my sanity waiting"
happy birthday <propmale> <propmale>!!!! man who has a fist hiding under his <propfemale> hair
that install was faster than a hermit crab party
"stereos in, not as loud as the stratus     \\yet  smile "
i love lamp        so addicted to dragon age 2
ain't nothing more sexy than a woman that wants me but don't need me cause she's got her own
supreme diggity!!!!
mmmmm  march 25th  sucker punch    i am so there
red      <propfirst> 
abilify makes you super hungry
someone's becoming a camel  smile 
"darn you interwebs, you burned my pasta <propfemale> "
almost demolished a 03 eclipse spyder  glad i held back
you should have toilet paper named after you cause you're the ___t  smile 
firmware update?!    i thought my firmware was good enough
oh my gosh the band the letter black is amazing!!!  almost as good as stabbing westward
"so my man crush for <propfirst> foxx just got to te next level, his album best night of my life is better than ky his hers  smile "
"mmmm, please not the bog of eternal stench"
so far i'm liking my xoom  smile 
so teancum has taken his collar off and i cant find it anywhere        i need you gumshoe!!
"holy cow i need a second job til i move, any ideas?"
anyone know that there was a neverending story 3?! <propfirst> black is a bad guy  too funny
going for a car ride      
fixing a chainsaw and finally going to play with some trees 
"anyone running droid that has a free connect to pc app? if so can you help a brother out       not teethering but remote access, gonna try and see if i can speed up the work stuff so when i get home i dont have to spend more time doing work "
heading for fhe 
mmm the mcqueezy breakfast burritozy
still addicted to flaw and five bolt main      
holy madness
"i feel like i can't miss\i know they want me to fall\but ain't nothing bigger than this\so just pass me te ball\\i'm a winner, i'm a winner\\<propfirst> foxx"
"ok folks i have an offer you shouldn't refuse, its a way we both make and save money  as you know i install home security systems  if you're military and have usaa as your insurance i can hook you up with huge discounts "
ads up on craigslist  anyone looking for adt home business protection hit me up  smile 
"holla, 24 6 mpg in town  i so need to make a cai  driving like i'm 90 works  smile -"
blind other drivers? check
so if i'm someones retard in tin foil  why the crap did i buy <propfemale> wrap?!
beck might create his own tv channel? now that would give me a reason to get cable when i love alone
if i bought a mailbox does that mean i'd get more mail?
whose ready for some laser playing tomorrow night?! oh this guy is
"well, 2nd ps3 leaves today, laptop leaves today, and my original ps3 needs a freakin laser, but all ive got is mutated sea bass       anyone have a ps3 model cechb01 connection?"
"new shoes on the car, waiting on a cc to do the brakes and be able to have gas for the next two weeks  i love obamunism  spend spend spend     honestly it sucks and has me quite depressed  eh now im happy again   smile "
any chainsaws out there that want to let me play with them for a few hours?
"think i'm allergic to <propfemale> bushes trees as i cut them down i'm getting a headache, breathing hurts and my sinuses are going haywire"
well i forgot my knee pads
driving the nox back to the homestead  
"last night was a blast, thanks everyone for going  should have totally stayed the night since i have work to do back up in dothan  sad "
"it's stranger than fiction how you've decayed\it must be so lonely lost within your ways"
egg drop soup sounds so good right now
watched <propfirst>  it's one of those see it once funny movies  i did take a 5 minute nap
mmm motab  more refreshing than tab slo e  smile 
learned something new today  the river running through <propmale> was so polluted back in the 70's it actually caught fire   i so want a picture of that 
well  never thought this day would come  oh momentous momentous        for me at least  smile 
musical fireside ftw
"when i think of all the places i don't belong,\i come to grips with life and realize this is going to far \\please understand that i have to leave and move on with my life \\avenged sevenfold- afterlife\\kind of a hard song to wake up to to give you an answer with so much going on in your mind"
"if all great nations throughout history crumble, hasn't the world just become one great nation full of countries we can call city-states thanks to the internet, and all forms of instant contact  \\are we watching this \great nation\"" starting the snow ball effect greatly accelerate right before our eyes?"""
more reason i love avenge sevenfold  name is based on the story of cain and <propmale>  stupendous!
"looks like someone has a case of the monday's, and needs to keep it to their damn self  i mean there's 12 in that thing and i didn't want any!"
i finally did it and my heart is crying  my souls burden feels so much lighter
"returned my xoom, that was a want i can do without"
"well, off to what i do best  drive to alabama, but this time in the rain   smile "
"alright   i like rain but alabamians just can't drive in it, they're almost as bad as deer in headlights"
bored
not so bored now  just read up to date news on iqd  looks very promising  smile 
"uss alabama here i come, totally need the break "
mmmm opera at over 5k watts of power in a car is so soothing  feels like a massage without thinking  i wonder if this is how fish feel right before a concussion bomb  smile 
just ripe my heart out  again!
i just destroyed another beautiful day  i suck
"woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil"
and the universe is completely against me  hitting every red light       i probably lost a great friend yesterday but lost a huge burden at the same time- dang unicorns
ok so aug 1st will be way to late for me to get out of this black hole called florida     any ideas?
argh!!!! i need to watch the notebook  anyone want to join me?
"it gets better  pretty lady looks at me and says, \ you're the first redhead i've seen with deep blue eyes  that's hot\"" \",7296f569caa3ecfad3fa51eb54ca952d,"love the white noise app for my phone, can listen to thunderstorms when ever i feel like it  so soothing when the heart is troubled "
shazam!
"you're voice is like a poison for the soul,\turning black which once was white,\tearing into pieces but promised to keep it whole,\first sense you destroy sight\them any feelings of esteem and self worth,\you even crush the feelings of knowing what is right,\7 years of bondage to a false love and bondage,"
i'm just a little black rain cloud hovering over the rubble of what was
"even though i'm down, and working  i can still listen to conference  smile "
one more hour  
"took a nap, and adjusted headlights so i'm not squirrel hunting"
"feeling like the hulk and kinda wanna smash some stuff     or maybe it's like gallager (sp) \\either way something's getting broke today"
off to kill some trees while listening to conference  flame away
so glad pills can be chewable
rome?! ftw and the placement  that is just amazing
arythma- connected 
yup  that dream will be placed in the nightmare section  silly dinosaur
"i tried to give to you  all i had\in return you gave me this eff'd up pain\how could you divide my world?!\\arythma- divide my world"
anyone have a magic wake up and forget the past pill?
thursday    can you change places with tuesday just this once
"so i need to start running nightly, that way by the time i make it to bountiful i'll kill the pulmonary function test  anyone up for being my partner?"
mmmm chocolate chip
"i missed the whole thunderstorm last night, i was even woke up by some cute nurse lady so i could listen to it"
hahaha    so i don't want a serious relationship but you can sleep with me hoping it'll change my mind   honestly who in their right mind thinks that's how it works?!
"yup, tired of driving"
"never thought finding a job, one that i can enjoy would be so difficult that would also allow me the time to go to school  bountiful- you're not being like your name states   sad "
"institute, conference, and a great sister giving <propmale> inspiration in one week  what is going on here?!  smile "
indulging on a show i haven't seen in awhile ; scrubs
anything entertaining happening today?
so far i'm up to 6   smile 
it's only 1230 and i have nothing to do  sad 
"grrrr  i am not a saleman, why can't they post jobs other than sales!?!"
can't today be over already?
why does your brain have to think of the most insane stuff when your bored
so do they put endorphins or something in the air at the er cause i could have just sat in the waiting room if i knew my symptoms were going to drastically leave
and it continues
"just signed up to volunteer at paws, finally  looks like i found something to do when i'm not working "
this ain't a scene
"depeche mode kinda day, totally rocking songs of faith and devotion\\well i'm down on my knees again\and i pray to the only one that has the strength to forgive all the things that i've done\oh girl     lead me into your darkness\when this world is trying it's hardest to leave me unimpressed- one caress"
"ok  anyone hiring? i'll do anything right now, this alarm crap, i'm over it"
oh  tron legacy  totally put me to sleep
"blast, foiled again "
i so need to do something i know is wrong and will crush my self worth in hopes it'll change someone's mind     another dumb justification   smile 
"wish me luck, going to apply at every restaurant i can think of down the destin strip hoping one will hire me  anything is better than wasting gas and my time when my goal to be in bountiful by july is getting closer and the job is causing debt and stress instead of financial gain "
oh you can sit there and pretend you don't know you're a legend
and wow  i just realized wednesday will make 2 weeks  yay
"facebook challenge   during this couple of weeks before easter, i am out to prove that my friends will re-post, i hope i am right!!! easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs  let's lift up god's name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you and me  if you are not ashamed to call jesus christ your savior, copy and re-post  i'm not ashamed"
d&c 39 8-10  beautiful
so not ready for sunshine
volcano burrito  smile   yumm
"so far, been a long hot day  a lot of whining from my dog but he'll get over it  smile "
"so instead of a midget to kick every time i did something wrong, can i have one that keeps telling me how awesome i am?"
yay for wednesday 
"doesn't it suck when you wake up and realize the past 7 years you could have been going to school, or kept a job that had awesome benefits, but didn't because of someone? oh well, ya live ya learn, then you get huggies  smile "
"day 2 without taking lamictal and my anxiety worry level has dropped in half  i bet withing the next few days ill be back to being me  still waiting on an another appointment, but imo i listened to the wrong person about my well being and just wasted a lot of money and time "
"ad on hulu said we're eating blue fin tuna way to fast, almost extinct  what a bunch of crap  dang eco-nazi tree huggin weirdo's"
so am i <propfemale> enough to work at mcquires? well find out after today
if you're ever in the mood for pizza and doritos  stay away from the pizza supreme doritos  not tasty at all  its like they had left over seasonings for the taco and cool ranch and mix it together to just sell crapola
bah!
that was the funniest thing ever!
hope the dog survives my 2 day absence 
can't i just find a here's your new job <propfemale>?
"made it alive to atlanta  possibly saw a tornado in alabama, most entertaining part of the drive"
when did a hotels breakfast start have omletes and sausage?
"made it back alive and in good spirits, teancum was taken care of and was very good as ive been told  that is all  goodnight face book"
ok thought i was done     just wanted to reiterate; avenged sevenfold my new theme band   smile    the song lost  beautiful and so true
when boredom takes over all sanity runs
"well today got better  just picked up within temptations newest album  the unforgiving  yup, i love women bands"
goodbye  and thanks for all the fish
"it's wrong to feed starving people, it cuts into their motivation  - <propmale>, american dad"
"d&c 133: 15 but verily, thus saith the lord, let not your flight be in haste, but let all things be prepared before you; and he that goeth, let him not look back lest sudden destruction shall come upon him "
"well goodnight fb, i need to get back to my studying     i've stayed away from it for long enough"
ugh 
<propfemale> bochman (sp?) she's pretty amazing
took an hour and a half phone call to get motivated and out of the mud for a bit   smile 
find out about carrabbas tomorrow after 2     hope it works out  cause only place left is the crab trap and they said come back the first week of may
"note to fb, when stuck at a red light with your ac on make sure to have it recirculate the air in the car so you don't get all the smokers left overs  sad "
"even though it's na, mornings still feel like you had the real thing  ugh"
nap time  ignore the day 
i start orientation at carrabbas may 9th  finally something
"i could have been a lover, could have been a fighter but i didn't know how too \\i'm fighting my way back to you\i have to take back all that i gave away"
"somehow landed a date, guess i gotta get \ready\"""""
so not wanting to work today
t minus 10 minutes til bald  smile 
"african cats, pretty good documentary "
first time watching <propfirst> bytheway  i wonder how this is going to go  smile 
maybe 2 hours of sleep  i've really got to quit allowing opp to cause me issues 
i swear i have a hall pass 
"go for the eyes boo, go for the eyes!      any gamers out there know that reference?"
"2 nights of little sleep, lack of motivation, and a lot of laundry to do  at least my dog sleeps for me  smile "
when i come up  when i rush  i rush for you - depeche mode
"with amp in hand, and other in the pocket  looks like today is going to lose "
i really should change my ringtone    having my phone sing about woman wanting me just for my soldiers in people's houses has lost it's humor  they all give the same shocked look now
"so the obama birth cert  registrars name is  u k l <propfirst>, how can that not be hawaiian?"
just got back from the reserve meeting  gotta find a lot of paperwork 
"ugh, can i go insane already?"
"just checked the address for my 8am install, it's an apartment, who wants to guess i'm driving to cairo, ga  for s&g's this early?"
alright i'm up to be a mail order husband  any bids?  smile 
1105  pissed 3 people off  apologized to a couple and want a nap  i guess my mornings been productive
"so, anyone know of anyone that wants to buy a kidney  i have 2"
"ugh     smokers, i so need a shower"
"people in <propmale> are lucky, non-ethanol fuel  they get better mpg and pay the same price "
is so addicted to zombie <propfirst> right now
seriously? a 3d phone?
so glad my drill can act like bug spray  this attic was full of brown spiders the size of my palm
mmmm smells like teen spirit   
"goodnight, and hope tomorrow brings better news, enlightenment, plus a bit of luck  so far total dq'd from the reserve til i get a few things fixed "
another day and my tin foil hat is nowhere to be found
defense attorney flew the coupe  quit practicing and the office she was at only has an email for her  frick
so does anyone think the guy that searched for the titanic and the bismark will take on the endeavor to locate the body bag of the obl? conspiracy theorists unite  smile 
good times  get to tell boss after work tomorrow i'm grounded  broke until next payday  2 weeks later
4 unknown callers in 5 minutes  i wonder whose bring a <propfemale>?
here comes the bic razor
now if i was playing rap that asshole wouldnt have cared and no ticket given  but since it was murder by death and over 25 feet away he gladly didn't care i was having a bad day
go go gadget              ah dammit i forgot what part he gave me
i give up 
and the teary eyes start  
1 down  millions more to go
"ha, take that pinnacle vodka  (i found the hidden x)"
"this anime  instead of a viao, viag  and the os- macindows  loving it"
da joys of der firehoussen   smile 
totally a sad day       i just get to listen to avenged sevenfold loud in the car  sad 
