c68df7b7e5c64c7378f07c7426c4c41c
it's raining  it's been raining since i woke up hours ago  i don't think it will be stopping anytime soon   i might as well go dance in the rain or something just to spite this bad weather   smile 
yahoo! i did 22 <propmale> on my exercise bike thus far! and i have lost 10lbs since i started eating better healthwise and working out more~*  smile  30more pounds to go now  *sighs*
does anyone want or know someone who wants a chinchilla? or two? i need to find a home for two of mine~ 
urghhh   why i am i not tired?!?  annoyed 
"learning japanese on my own~! so far i've memorized a little over half the kana, and have learned the present,past,negative and negative past of 'to be'   smile  still have to learn kanji after kana though    but it's fun~! i can write 'badger'(anaguma)' now~! yes!!! and some other words but who needs them anyway when you've got badger~?!?"
what is your inner self? -- my result: a moonlike person  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 93348 referrals status?aid=100000993372945
anyone want a chinchilla? or two?
"like my status & i'll tell you annoyed 1 something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of\3  my first memory of you \4 the animal you remind me of\   5  ask something i've always wondered about you \6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname \8  what's on my shirt now \9  challenge you to post this "
good night! oyasumi nasai! bonne nuit! buenos noches! i am so tired and it so typical that <propfemale> got gryffindor  smile 
"(i got this from mary~) be creative! now    \you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would you\say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your\status -- fair is fair -- play along)"
yay for my new background~!  love 
"i am so tired  i made banana-oatmeal-chocolate chip bread, sugar cookies, toasted pumpkin seeds, helped clean the house and gutted 3 pumpkins today so far  so worth it though, i admit  on a different note-an unfortunate one- my tylenol 3 or the 2 aspirin i took haven't kicked in  at all  sad    gah! well, at least it's halloween!"
i love remy~! he did this mcdonalds song on youtube~it's amazing! and 'saudis in audis' is awesome as well  and his falafel song is ftw!
"grr <propfemale> has not responded to me yet about my books! seriously, who takes books that they borrowed from a friend and moves to across the usa without telling them that they even moved in the first place!?! and then saying 'well i didn't know i was moving to detroit until i was there'  yeah right "
"contiuned from earlier post   you had enough time to pack up my books but not enough to return them?!? damn it! i am not that gullible, or gullible for all for that matter!!! and she has the gall to say 'well you have some of my books too'   however <propfemale>, i was not the one who moved away without even telling you and taking $100 worth of personal property as well "
continued again   and if she even wanted her books so much she could have came and got them before moving  or hey she could have contacted me to send them if they are soooo precious  i don't mind sending them or giving them to her dad to send them either 
"continued again again   plus the reason why i contacted her in the first place was because she did not respond to my message about my halloween party  so i went on fb to find her and see if it would be better to invite her that way  then i found out her current city: detroit,mi  and i freaked "
continued again again again   so then i gave her some messages about wanting my books back  the first was polite  it was soon erased and never responded too  second and third were tense but civilized as well  and also deleted  then she not only unfriended me but some other folks from <propmale>  wow  really  wow  and i have to again initiate communications by sending a message 
continuing the giant rant then after a few messages (where she said she unfriended me because of my comments so juvenile!she could've discussed it with me! the reason i became further enraged was that she deleted my comments! w o saying a word  that is so juvenile!) of that she decides she wants to do this by email rather than fb  fine  i wait a couple days to calm down because who wants to be grouchy on halloween?
"so yeah, i emailed and messaged her as i said in the beginning and she still hasn't sent back a response  btw she said in our messages on fb that she had been thinking of a way to return my books  again, i have to say yeah right  she didn't even respond to my messages that she had promptly deleted or ask for my mailing adress  yes <propfemale>, you certainly were thinking of a way to return my books   note the sarcasm "
last part of the giant rant of doom annoyed o in my email i gave her my adress as well as a tip to tell the post guys that if she says the packages contain books that they will lower the shipping fare on them for her     sorry for the rant but i need to get it out again as jumbled as it is   smile  at least i feel a smidge better now  yep i guess <propfemale> and i aren't really friends anymore 
i have an interview with macys at lynnwood~ on the 12th~!
and <propfemale> is still trying to ignore me about returning my $100+ worth of books    i sent her another email today  grrr  i will be visiting her dad next weekend if she still ignores me  i couldn't last weekend because of work+family *sighs*
"wow i haven't been on fb for a while    well, here is what's up with me currently  i have been working at macy's(alderwood mall location), for the last two weeks or so,as recovery  so i get to help the store keep its appearance neat and tidy  it's pretty fun, a lot of walking  continued   "
"my first real day after training was the one day sale  at the time, i thought it was pretty crazy  then, these past couple of days, i have e playful erienced a far greater insanity black  friday  i have never even went shopping on this day because of the traffic and crowds,due to the hype  which is all so so true continued again   "
"i worked eight hours on bf and afterwards i believe i e playful ereinced being shellshocked  i would straighten a table of boys' <propfirst> hilfiger sweaters and i would go pass them with an armful of clothes to put back on the floor, and to my dismay find them once again in utter disarray  positive: time goes by faster, e playful onentially so "
i am so much more excited for <propfemale> city comic con than for sakura con! the shatner is going to be there and it is cheaper tears streak down my face at the awesomeness of it all 
"can't sleep, too excited for emcc  the ennui disapparated  for now, and i'm feeling like a kid on christmas <propfemale>   laugh "
blueberry and strawberry 
