e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8
is restarting his i-pod from zero  i now have nine songs  this time i'm only adding things i'll listen too 
"angels and demons was a really good movie, i thought "
quotation marks are tricky little suckers!
is trying to fight this urge   
needs to remember what it's like to feel courage 
"\how 'bout you come to my office?\"""""
"i am trying to find out what a high g sounds like, but can't find it  i'm sure i have heard it, but i don't remember so if anyone could suggest a song that hits that note and tell me when    i would greatly appreciate it "
is worn out from barking his lungs off at the <propfirst> hutchinson concert! i live to tell the tale that he is amazing!
"when he wakes tomorrow will have made a decision  it may not be good, but it's a question that finally must be answered fully    so far only most of it has and the most important part is coming into view more and more each day "
doesn't know how to say it 
this evening could end verrry badly 
it's gonna   it's gonna be alright 
is repairing some broken wires 
that little gleam of hope is what people like us need    and you got it 
"should start asking himself \why not?\"""""
is trying his best to look at the silver lining    it's difficult 
it felt good to run  now    shower 
something very perculiar happened last night    he is still listening 
i think it's time rock this out  let's do this! time to get over myself    that's the only thing left standing in my way 
don't say it  show it 
pool!!!!
feels strange 
has a fairly busy day today 
needs a little motivation 
"chose his path and has begun the trek up the giant, hellish mountain that is his goals, lol "
loves slytherin house!
"\to what end?\"""""
feels boredom creeping back into his life 
hmmmm    captain <propfirst> sparrow   perhaps 
"it'll haunt me forever    hahahaha, every one, and i mean every one, says something about it!"
doesn't know what to feel so if you could just tell him that'd be great 
"so far the quizzes sum me up as a bizarre, interesting, exciting, sexy, sex craving maniac, who, can do anything as long as he learns to control his bizarre, interesting, sexy, sex craving maniac-ness? huh    i don't know "
sure is good at killin'! lol 
is eating a snickers 
keeps realizing daily that his instinct is usually always correct!
keeps realizing daily that his instinct is usually correct!
"hahahaha, the things we learn about ourselves!  smile "
's crops died while he was away!!! i wasted so much money!
is extremely tired  and is glad he got to watch fireworks and had a great time at the game!
needs to feel accomplished today    zach galifianakis    that is all 
made a promise! he is gonna keep that promise! it's of the utmost importance to keep it!
nothing like feeling clean!  laugh 
now what? hmmmmm 
needs to take a shower!
i am just on the ball today 
is thinking about going to canton for lunch 
"\don't worry pater! that's why they call it schpupel!\"""""
"the new silent hill is scary!!! fun, but extremely scary! i had to knife faceless nurses!"
doesn't have a good status 
such a strange song 
is amazed at how quickly a song can change meh spirit!
is bored 
giles is in sweeney <propmale>!!!!
 smile 
thinks it would be cool to have a pensieve 
"\nom chompsky! ha ha ha ha ha! get a load of this guy!\"""""
is rather speechless    once is good enough 
loves being a baritone 
this shirt has been through hell!
goodnight world 
is relaxing 
thinks life is a great movie!
"jangle, jangle "
needs to find that slytherin shirt we saw yesturday!
thinks he has found a new favorite musician!
hope everyone enjoys <propmale> potter tonight   smile 
is tired 
is once again comforted    thank you   wink 
"hmmmmmmm, interesting    wonder how far this is gonna go?"
"has some things that need to be said, some rumors that need to be up-rooted, and love to be given    it's true i forgot what it's like to be cheerful! i haven't lost it    i just haven't been it "
has been overcome by something far greater than himself 
is starting to see his potiental 
no form yet 
is a very lucky person    all because of him 
starts training tomorrow at  8 surprise 0    hope i like the job!
this may be the last time i get to relax during the day in a long while    so if you want to do something now'd be the time to do it!
everything in it's own time 
*sigh*
finally learned his lesson 
"is content    past mistakes wither away and are forgotten  envy, hatred, pain and guilt melt into the light, which, exudes everywhere around me  serene and calm, fun and relaxed, repentent and sorry  it took time    but i'm there, the lessons i needed to "
isn't sure if likes this job    or if he'll have it for very long 
"knows that he shouldn't be picky, but anything that resembles telemarketing is not my cup of tea    i'm a servant "
"\this is a dream i've had since lunch and i'm not giving up on it \"""""
"\weeeeee thaught you waz a toad!\"""""
is dead 
just can't get passed what he has done    just gotta keep reminding myself that this is what i deserve 
is calling it a day    tomorrow    tomorrow 
another day 
"keep on trying, keep on trying "
convinced himself he was the hero    but found himself on the other side of the fence 
has nothing of what he speaks 
is gonna do this    i hope it goes well 
shall stay afloat 
what would you say? success?
's eyes feel like lead 
yet again has nothing important to put here 
has a new goal in mind 
"is back own level ground    let's start the ascent into the hellish mountain that is life, hahahahaha such a positive outlook you say? i know says i!"
suppose it's time for bed 
is awake 
"\just give me the <propfemale> alert \"""""
the bk <propmale> is such a creeper!
"wait for it, wait for it    alright here it goes, tell me what you think \there is fire burnin' on the dance floor because someone is making good girls go bad!\"" ha! bring it     so very bored """
hmmm    i seem to be loquacious as well  thanks dictionary com    that's plugging for you!
is diffident as well  five points to someone who can guess an accurate definition without help  be honest 
or is fixing his diffidency 
feels stranger than usual    somethings happening 
so very tired  taking a shower 
kindness 
my legs are shot 
respect 
"thinks that one of the coolest things to do is type to the rhythm of a song you are listening to, like what i'm doing right now "
is a work in progress 
"hours later i still can't believe it happened, hahahaha "
suppose he's going to go play some ultimate frisbee 
is extremely tired now     it's a good tired 
wonders     last status change i promise 
is getting some dinner    chinese?
canton it is 
"well, goodnight "
finds it hard to remain confident 
"\at least i'm not an orange \"""""
"if you cannot text please comment below  a group that will either embody the awesomeness of not texting, or a support group is being created as we speak "
dci is intense!!!
is out 
is seriously considering the medical field    i want to be a doc 
time to get cleaned up 
had a wonderful night and is now home    sleep time 
movie today?
relaxed the day away 
well it's settled! actor it is 
wants to go see inglorious bastards 
ah     summer rains 
wishes to get out of the house 
just can't get away from it   
softly says goodnight 
feels slightly worthless right now 
it sure does 
thinks today is gonna be a good day 
it's mesmerizing 
"\then <propmale> realized he was punching a babboon \"""""
it's hard to remember songs    i need my i-pod 
goodnight 
has been couped up in this house all day    most of it at least    need to do something 
is one tired pup 
otc    you will know me 
well    all i have to do now is get the books 
"we are discussing \the elegant universe\"" """
 smile 
has this wonderful feeling 
free music is one of the most beautiful things in this world  smile  
*sigh*  smile 
is not a facebook addict! besides the fact that this is my fifth time being on today 
needs a pick-me-up 
is making a new cd mix and needs a cool name for it 
to much stress!!! is trying to smile 
   
wishes to go for a walk 
"is gonna go to bed early tonight, tomorrow is going to be a busy day "
is being extremely picky with this new playlist    it's gonna be epic! it will tell a story 
is gonna have to call it a night 
understands why it takes two 
is home 
a familiar smell 
's first day of college tomorrow  let's see how it goes 
"first day of classes    about six chapters of reading, a paper and a sheet of homework ahhhh, school  smile  "
all due monday that is 
hopes your day went well 
what should i have for lunch? paper one    complete!!
is just sitting back and relaxing 
    yep 
churchin' in it up alone this mornin' 
faith 
hopes he survives 
so far so good 
has the want (need) to watch the matrix trilogy!
is still alive 
goodnight 
very <propmale> potter musical    complete 
"\nevermind! i'll stay dehydrated!\"""""
"\and i'm missing you  i'm just missing you \"""""
late dinner 
perhaps it's this?
must end his day  goodnight  i wish i had the fortitude to stay up longer 
how can you understand the answer if you don't know the question?
isn't gonna let it go over my head  i want to figure this stuff out 
"just needs to relax    alright, i'm done changing states    just found a reason to use the plural of status!"
off to church 
each smile is beautiful 
is trying to be creative 
"\it's like we're taking a guess when the only answer is yes \"""""
off to work  smile 
is now organized    let's see how long it lasts 
back to school 
hopes you are having a good day 
my arch nemisis work impedes my plans again!
just call me the problem solver 
lunch time 
getting ready for work with the killers 
hopes you had a good day  off to work 
feels as if friday couldn't have come any sooner 
courage can show through fear you just have to know it's there and that i'm here 
is thinking about going for a walk 
is going to relax 
wouldn't have wanted to spend his night any other way 
hopes you have a good day tomorrow if i don't get to talk to you 
"wishes to go see \9\"""""
tomorrow is going to be a long day  no problem 
gotta love a presidential speech 
is calling it a night 
"wonders if he reaches to far, or asks to much "
supposes it's time for a new start  i don't wish to start out this way again 
hopes the play is worth it 
saw one of the greatest shows both in writing and in performing 
"\sometimes you have to go the long way in order to go the short way correctly \"""""
hope is apart of everything    it's whether you decide to nurture it or not 
"\if i speak i am condemned    if i stay silent i am damned!\"""""
wants to go outside 
is relieved   smile 
sees all to clearly what he has made  it's time to dig myself out of this hole 
literary narrative rough draft complete 
thank god!
<propfirst> colbert is amazing!
it's now midnight and i am really not that tired (as i yawn) 
my bed calls to me 
who has two thumbs and shouldn't be on here    this guy!
what a gorgeous evening 
"wishes to learn how to play the guitar, or piano    really either one would be awesome! i think, if they still have the class next semester, i'm going to take a piano class! it's probably not on the list of necessary classes, but it'd be fun "
working on his new york accent with a golf club 
is reading about design programs 
is thinking about getting lunch 
plans on going for a walk call if you wish to join 
lunch?dinner? linner!
going to get something to eat    the hw and then a walk    probably just around here  unsettlling 
most of the time seems like an after thought 
good night 
would you please define awake for me?
had the strangest dream 
promised himself and he isn't going to faulter now    let's get back up 
is gonna get him something to eat and then watch perhaps the best show ever invented to man a k a  <propfemale>!
had an important realization today 
"has too many things to worry about besides that, but my mind just won't let it alone "
is best friends with <propmale> folds he just doesn't know it yet 
watched <propfirst> scissor hands in its entirety  it's a great movie 
took an une playful ected nap 
sees it now  smile 
dinner and then finding a way to watch house 
dancing with the stars is a great substitute though   smile 
thinks the community has great potiental   smile 
nothing like the dark knight 
"thinks he is going to do a monologue from \the crucible\"" """
the community shall be great 
"is thinking of dressing up as spike for halloween! yes, no?"
should i dye my hair brown? opinions people!!!
should be getting a <propmale> book rather soon!
is where he should be 
is debatting on whether he should purchase a macbook air or not    with the card i can get my payments could be as low as 34$ a month 
feels small   
"i plan on surviving, because that's how i roll "
it's been one hell of a day 
i will ceaselessly promote the community because it is amazing!
is just kind of fed up with it all 
had a dream he never wants to have again 
still has so much to learn 
knows its going to be alright because he knows he can  it starts today 
is extremely full 
has 34 friends online right now  suppose that's a new record 
has decided the least favorite out of his nicknames 
thinks he understands now 
"\ so  if  i  have  a  <propmale>    would you let me know?\"" -the killers"""
and now more school  i leave with the <propfemale> for an orchestra follow me and play background music for me    better get on that 
relax? who has time to relax?
family guy has gotten its magic back!
the stars write me as a contradicition 
knows why he doesn't dream at night    he ends up doing it all during the day 
goodies!
would like to go back to the cabin 
can text again 
is a leader by accident if you consider <propfemale> to be called such a thing 
time to get ready  i had a dream that i was in mcdonalds and zombies began to attack it 
"doesn't usually enjoy beyonce, but \sweet dreams\"" is rather addicting """
is getting into glee 
would give anything to just sing my heart right now 
tomorrow is going to be something else 
homework done 
still has 8 more hours    let's do this 
had a great night 
needs some time to think and i'm hoping work might be that place 
sleep 
going to church 
recieved the answers he needed like always  thank you 
wishes to write a play 
really wants to watch some <propmale> potter 
off to work 
"guys, guys, guys    it's gravity "
this day could end up being a very bad day 
thinks it is time to give his brain some time to relax  i think rock band could do that    hope you all have a good night 
was about ten feet from a wreck 
is way too tired!
i'ma gonna go to bed now 
just got fourteen hours of sleep! i'm feelin' good 
"awake and refreshed  i had a wonderful night  now, lunch, then paper work    and hopefully we can end today on a good note with some music  can i get an amen?!"
i suppose i'll get ready for work now 
church 
its time to go get some food 
such a beautiful day 
goodnight 
off to work 
sees his dreams finally shaping and they are what he knew they would be  thank you 
is thinking things through finally 
"\do not test my politeness \"""""
just pumped out a four and a half <propfemale> paper in about an 45 minutes! thank god for inspiration!
wants lunch 
"hi, my name is <propfirst> and i    i am a <propfemale> addict "
feels like he's behind on everything and has too much to think about 
's faith is being tested 
<propmale> n' cheese? <propmale> n' cheese   smile 
"is going to be purchasing some <propfemale> apparel  i believe i have decided on a hoodie and a shirt, but i'm still not sure which ones i want "
nothing worth fighting for will be easy 
"to be forgiven is a grace, but to forgive is a virtue  both of these are important, but one of them proves more than the other "
"going to bed and i hope everything went well for the crew and cast of \grease\""  i'll be there tomorrow """
day 2 
is going to play more <propfemale> and eat some food 
"knows that the question is no longer why, but how "
will most likely never fit in 
"better put, he lacks an important purpose in his life "
"hopefully church will provide me the answers that i seek, and if not    well i don't know of any other place that i could turn "
going to find some answers 
will always find his way 
"doesn't feel like a slacker anymore, which is nice!"
"hopes he isn't working in vain, though its quite likely that this homework is too late to turn in  eh, at least i'll know how to do it on the test  look at me with the silver lining and stuff "
"\its a big rock  i can't wait to tell my friends; they don't have a rock this big \"""""
you know your a dork when    you have <propfemale> music on 'repeat all' 
"is too nice, but i suppose that isn't a bad thing "
"headed off to work  i hope everyone has a nice evening, snuggle up and watch a movie, i'd say the weather calls for it "
dinner at nine can't be healthy 
"hasn't been this content in a while, which usually means something is about to cause chaos    bring it "
is the immovable object 
must find a way to open his heart 
otc is not letting me register for classes  any takers? i think its because my advisor hasn't allowed me too yet 
was not equipped with a mathematical brain 
"my mind just kicked into gear! i should sleep, but i won't "
truly enjoys learning 
has completed a very important task 
<propmale> red <propfirst> burger    here i come!
has new shoes and its about time because the others just look nasty!
"robot chicken, can <propmale> green ever fail?"
"\its like that strippy bag is mocking me    f*** you strippy bag!\"""""
what is holding me back?
forgets his place far too often 
12 hours of sleep and one of the coolest dreams he has ever had 
doesn't know if he is up for this writing therapy he is trying    i feel sappy 
knows he still has a heart if he feels this bad for missing a class 
would like to be the one to begin a complete government makeover 
"is the essence of instinct, but the epitomy of control "
this was a busy day that most definitly didn't feel like a saturday 
has some catching up to do 
i am wondering what i should have for dinner    any suggestions?!
knows that god is always watching  in other news i watched interview with a vampire this evening and it was alright 
's break starts in approximately four hours 
i have seen this place many times before 
just needs someone to talk too 
perhaps tomorrow 
is thinking about saying goodbye to facebook for a long while 
death of a salesman is an amazing show 
"is starting to realize that it isn't what you say that counts, but what i believe that does "
"is tired of the way he has been living and these feelings, but i need your help    i can't do this alone! i'm asking for help "
"thinks he has found his niche in life, its a great one i believe!"
is getting back into his killers addiction! i don't know why i quit    it feels so good!
's mind is a jungle gym 
knew a man of constant sorrows 
"\at least i'm an orange!\"""""
<propmale> gaffigan is so much better than sleep 
i'm leaving alot of tomorrow on faith so    let's do this 
"is lucky enough to win two free tickets to the bahama's, but not enough to get the tickets in time, hahaha!"
"for thy sweet love remembered such wealth brings  i scorn to change my state with kings!\"",2009-12-01 04 surprise 6:44""",e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8,is happy 
you are always on my mind 
"is going to call it a night  i hope everyone has a goodnight early morning and day  i have some powerpoints to make tomorrow  fun, fun "
paper on native american culture and theatre    check 
"needs to take a shower, but the hot water has been momentarily shut off "
auditions    haven't done this in a while 
i think auditions went really well  i guess we'll see 
thinks its a sign that you have written enough when your printer runs out of paper just when your last sheet printed  i'm going to bed now 
"and so the wheels of life are set on there course, directed and guided by force "
at times like this i wish i didn't have to work  but i have been e playful ertly trained in problem solving so its more of an irritation than it is a situation 
is so very hungry!
"has so many things to do! i enjoy it, but i feel that it may collapse "
round 2  fight!
is constantly reminded of it all and that's why i am afraid 
thinks it is time for him to go to bed  i think this is going to be the best character yet  i can't wait 
<propfemale> soon! i'm going to get some lunch and then do some homework 
just checked itunes and they have the first three seasons of <propfemale>! i could watch them anywhere i wanted!
powerpoint    complete!
devoured his delightfully delectable dinner  ha!
"is listening to cake and wishing for a dr  pepper, but alas i cannot have one, but do not fear i shall survive this severe drought "
"i think it's time to leave this day behind, goodnight everyone "
can now treat depression! who said you had to go to college?!
is thinking about having eggs on toast for dinner  that sounds delicious right now 
needs to work on his egg frying ability 
hopes tomorrow goes well for everyone 
is one of the luckiest people you will meet  thank you 
i wonder if i'll ever stop thinking    i suppose that should be about the time the world implodes 
"time to examine how far i have come, again  these days get old "
is always in such a strange mood 
almost time for work 
i've thought about some things and he is going to fix them 
<propfemale> skies and music are inspiring me to be a better person 
is done with part of his english final 
one more final 
my theme song is playing in the background 
is lost in thought 
'night 
is done 
"seeing as it is hard for me to depict my feelings with written words i guess i'll translate through song, and since i can't write i'm using the band nightwish as my voice  i have two posts that together show what i feel like right now "
well back to that distraction called bleach 
where did this headache come from?
g'night 
is nothing 
isn't afraid anymore 
"yeah, it's time "
is hungry 
"i am so much like him even before i knew i was, i was "
"i beg you to read my note  i did what i never thought i would ever be able to do and the note itself is long and pitiful, but this is who i am    just read it whenever you can    thank you "
shower  food 
is out there trying to find himself in here 
has found the bass line and it's time to dance to his own rhythm 
wishes you all a <propfemale> christmas 
never knows how to react 
"is beginning to see that their are those who build the roads, and their are those who walk upon them  i am the last "
my video game collection is much larger now    my thirst is almost satisfied 
"has had the same dream twice he feels, the second was more intense and indepth than the first though  oh! and sherlock holmes was amazing "
"is waiting for something inportant    i just don't know what that is yet, but it's keeping me up far too late "
is at ease 
will never let him get that close again 
needs a better hi-liter 
one day in and i feel enlightened already 
"blessed are they who mourn, for they will be comforted "
making myself happy to make others happy? absurd!
"time to change  hahaha, i toss that phrase around like pocket change    get it?!"
is calm once again  i do love these times 
forgot how good a genuine smile feels 
just realizing that little fact has made a world of difference 
is beginning to translate 
the anxious feelings have been replaced with something else 
has an idea 
is gettin' him some canton 
is exactly where he is suppose to be 
needs to purchase headphones     and not break them this time    hopefully 
's new drug! coheed and cambria    all of it!
the weather is making me think strange(r) thoughts than usual 
it's difficult walking through the muck 
"\i guess you can never predict those kind of things \"" \""i guess not   \"""""
"is finding out the source of his happiness, or what i know will be my happiness eventually and i pray to god that it comes to this "
so i take the quiz only to find out that i am four different personalities combined    so much for being simple 
well i guess i'll go to bed now  night 
has dreams 
forgets that he shoots himself in the foot 
"thank you, everyone, for your birthday wishes  i love you all "
why can't i e playful lain my feelings? surely they can't be this complex 
moment of clarity 
is so much like angel it isn't funny 
so long as i think i will question 
i suppose now i should analyze myself 
is becoming reclusive again    that needs to be stopped 
"we are a strange sort of creatures, us humans "
"you'd think that since i'm bored i would go to bed, but i'm not    that's all "
"actually i will go to bed, g'night "
is peaceful 
is stronger than the storm!
will constantly try his luck with kindness and honesty 
what a great way to spend a night 
"the world doesn't allow me to thoroughly determine each step so i'm stuck with very calculated risks, in hopes that the mine doesn't trigger "
felt like there should've been more 
would describe himself as acceptance 
<propmale> jervais is probably the funniest comic i have ever heard 
<propmale>'s inferno is going to be my next game purchase 
what can i say? you were right 
is going to play him some <propmale>'s inferno 
i'm extremely tired  sleep 
happy valentines day everyone 
hell is kicking my face in!
is glad he remembers your face 
would like to know which branch of science allows the existence of imaginary <propfirst>?
today was a good day    beautiful and relaxing 
i can feel spring right around the corner 
g'night 
nothing beats a tapping baby 
"march 1st couldn't come any faster, could it?"
lines are in the final stages of memorization 
i'm thinking about making psych as my new show adventure 
psych it is!
can't wait for rehearsals tonight    its been too long my old friend 
"i would say facebook becomes depressing when you go to your school to the place where you had classes first semester, log on to the computer, go to facebook and your login e-mail address is the one that the computer remembers "
"\can i have it? can i? can i have yo numbah?\"""""
my mind won't let me sleep 
consistency would be nice 
cinnamon toast crunch 
thinks he has decided on a <propmale> 
"i have to say the mad hatter was amazing, but i thoroughly enjoyed <propmale> the cat  <propfemale> wasn't half bad either "
is tired 
truly can't wait for sherlock holmes to come out on dvd 
always starts out with a bang 
needs some time to think 
"wishes that he didn't find psychology so boring, i am not motivated at all to read it, even the consequences don't frigthen me enough to do it "
one of the best ways to spend an afternoon 
for the first time i feel like doing what i want to do 
"g'night, folks "
i'm only quiet when i have an opinion 
   
"the situation itself was nothing, but the meaning behind the decision was everything "
my mind flips upside down and the world turns with it 
"is anyone willing to let me borrow their breaking <propmale> cd, that i might burn it and enjoy it daily?"
that feeling of failure creeps into my mind 
and if the answer is subjective? then its best if we leave it alone 
is at a crossroad in more ways than one 
my phone is temporarily incompacitated 
is thinking 
shaved and forgot how his faced looked without hair on it  i'm liking it 
has too much time on his hands 
would like to do something this evening 
feels as if he relates to house  perhaps it's just wishful thinking 
"\textbook narcissism?    agreed \"""""
"magnet, malice, <propfemale>, masterful, momentous, malignent, muggle, minute, mime, malfunction, mindful, maximum, mantle, momentum "
the decemberists are becoming a top favorite of mine 
kickass at 10:10?
pretty <propfemale> 
shouldn't being so close give so much more motivation than it has?
here we go 
brings your thoughts to an abrupt halt  three  two  one  now 
"\funny    that's the last thing i want us to become \"""""
thinks he has found the last question 
first year of college  complete 
"a very potter roadtrip was cancelled!? nah, i knew "
it's good to get away from my thoughts 
i suppose it's time to start rebuilding 
is done planning things  too much work 
i have become resistant to all poisons 
needs to get some postal service back in his life 
wishes to do something this evening 
i beat the plant thing!
house is amazing 
i think i need a change of scenery 
it's times like these    where i just feel like 'fail' 
<propfirst> darko  yes 
is goin' swimmin' 
the strokes remedies almost all the effects of every diesease 
my skull hurts 
"\why are you wearing that man suit?\"""""
274!
vivid dreams 
is enjoying his new found friend mgmt i hope this relationship can <propfemale>  we'll see 
irrational fears?
"\all of my life i've only been able to breath through one nostril!    today is no exception!\"""""
i suppose i could be lying to myself 
better than i thought it'd be  i fit in rather nice 
i have so many things that i wish to say 
feels over-protected 
last nights dream was just weird 
fireworks were amazing  lighting up the night sky 
despicable me was a great movie 
is in over his head 
i wish i knew some of the names to these songs 
i wonder if you think i'm better than you  i'm not 
strange dream 
inception= amazing 
2nd time around= even better than amazing 
"my phone is dead, has been and may be for a while "
there are just some battles i can never win 
eminem raps about my life 
"may get to go to this concert in kansas city today    i'm working on it, anyway "
"alright, well let's get this worked out "
"first concert: b\everyone around our group were just insane "
"i curse my lack of blank cd-rw's  i need more music, always more music "
i'm more bored than i thought i was before 
i'm in limbo 
living with other people is strange 
i now know of a website that streams house constantly  the websites name is justin tv welcometohouse 
"my first car crash  my car is trashed, hahaha "
fall semester: otc  spring semester: drury 
"i don't usually reminisce, but watching hamlet does bring back memories "
i'm trapped under a layer of nostalgia!
"questions, questions, questions "
is peaceful 
wouldn't mind getting out of the house this evening  there are a few movies i would like to see 
"the other guys, 7 or 7 smile 0 at hollywood "
"nobody puts gator down, nobody! you hear me!?"
i need to start writing things down 
you learned how to dance ballet out of sarcasm?
i'm extremely glad i was introduced to beirut  thank you 
didn't take a shower all day  i haven't found a status this meaningful in days!
i listen to the sound of scissors opening and closing in my free time    it's pretty exciting  my status block is over 
sooooooo    i needs me some knowledge 
chalk another up into the strange dream column  i'd give it an 8 on the 'off the wall' scale 
i feel like sherlock holmes (just the eccentric part of him though) 
i gotst me some new music 
"a rationalization is no longer a rationalization once it's proven true, it's either a delusion or fact  the only way to prove a rationalization is for it to be true, but if true is just as much a conjecture as a rationalization, then a rationalization can not be anything, but that, right?"
"i should be asleep, but i don't think i am, that's strange "
happiness 
time to do some anatomy 
"house quote's 101; #2 of ?: \he drilled a hole in your skull after drinking your pee  i think he's up for this \"""""
who wants to play golf?  laugh 
"house quote's 101; #4 of ?: taub - \assuming you're right \""\",e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8,"i got rid of the cough, now on to the runny nose   "
"house quote's 101; #6 of ?: \started thinking about what you said; about me obsessing; started obsessing about obsessing \"""""
i think salad fingers should be turned into a puzzle game 
all that wasted time    simply astounding  moving on 
g'night 
"extremely restful sleep  good work, team "
"see  the thing is    i'm not exactly sure when i need to ask for help  is it before i fall on my face, is it as i'm falling on my face, or is it when i'm trying to get up from falling on my face?"
perhaps i should say nothing at all? i'm too awkward for these social ways 
"lessons i learned today \avoid walking during periods of harsh rain \"""""
why is it not friday yet?
i have too much time on my hands 
this too shall pass 
"what beautiful madness be this, that can distinguish itself from bliss?"
i may be buddhist 
i'm so glad that house's relationship is going to last more than one episode 
the weekend has come to its end  i had a good one though; hopefully this week will feel like nothing 
i have a new aim 
sending a facebook friend invitation is like asking permission to stalk that person 
"how many bridges have i burnt? i was gravely mistaken, no offenses were meant, but several lay in ruin "
takin' a break from studin' anatomy  i'm surprised how much i remember off hand and how easily it's refreshed  this is a great turn of events 
"\how have you been? i've been reeeeaaally busy being dead \"" - glados"""
"i am off to otc for my only glass of the day, that being     chemistry! i love it "
there is a halo around the <propfemale>  it's beautiful 
i don't have to work this entire weekend! do something? i think so? yes?
\in the middle of the journey of our life\,e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8,my 3g works!
i need to sleep  today has    been strange  we'll see what happens tomorrow 
i cannot focus 
rock band 3!!!!!!!!
"if i pretend to like it, it becomes true, right?"
it doesn't ever seem to get easier 
i need an alarm to tell me to turn on my alarm 
"an example on the relativity of time  a day has a finite amount of time during which the sun is out  yet, the time in between each second is uncountable as it is infinite (the latter forces you to work with fractions) "
it would seem i'm in somewhat of a rut 
"\as he slowly entered into the inner castle he felt the rustling of a history that had a thousand years to grow into what he saw today  statues of every memory that he had created  he was a step closer to the roots that disturbed his peace \"""""
\ooh i want you, i don't know if i need you but \e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8,"\it's too late to change your mind you let loss be your guide\"""""
is likened to a square <propfemale> being put into a round hole 
could we by <propmale> just skip tuesdays and thursdays?
i find it funny when 60 million years is considered new 
i've made up my mind 
i'm developing a resolve  a fire is being lit 
the beauty of silence 
"sleep well, and don't let this world ever fool you  its ways are not as important as we all wish them to be  i love you, this is a truth "
i understand my errors in almost every aspect of life  anatomy does that to you 
this ocean is far shallower than it appears 
droid brings up a good point  how would you react to a snowman that turned actually into was an android?
"i try, i apologize  i'm not good at fitting in the puzzle "
i wish to talk to you 
"solitary confinement  keep myself locked away  a cold, barren wasteland is all you will see in my eyes  nothingness is what we deserve  and you will receive nothing from me "
i think it's time to remove some masks 
"we're all puppets, <propfemale>  i'm just a puppet who can see the strings - dr  manhattan"
my mind is reeling with theories 
what's the point of a choice if you can't choose it?
"\it commences when you surprise me with the information that you and dreiburg have been sleeping together \""\",e409e40334c5b0101bfeadef2d2e60b8,it's over folks 
"i have these words, but no one to speak them to  i think i wanna take up photography "
"either the feeling has always been there, or it never was there  anything further would be an assumption  i'll wait for the right question to be asked "
"we remember the unresolved past, we look towards the unforeseen future, and get lost in the ever knowing present  which is best?"
manipulation of our surroundings is by far the most effective way to manipulate ourselves 
i have so many ambiguous feelings  decide!
"there was a reason to my madness, but once that left so did it "
"\merry christmas!\""- me"""
"too complex  simplify the situations to a bare boned, back breaking understanding  mumbo jumbo    don't listen to the crazies "
you are 
"catalyst, or contortionist?"
oprah has left nbc and now has her own network  very tricky 
why are the memorable moments about two years ago? i guess i wasn't interesting enough last year! i feel like i've been issued a challenge 
creation is born from conflict 
"i just unlocked 'life' on the alchemy app , hahaha "
"i have come to a most ingenious insight  i never thought about why introspection could be detrimental to me, until i realized i get bored fairly easily  in which case i got bored with myself "
"it's impossibly difficult  what is? avoiding getting lost within yourself  ah, too true keep your thoughts out where they can't possibly hide  will do, i appreciate the thought "
i'm doing well 
time hides nothing 
and that's how it's done  good work everyone 
"\you might've heard of my name? it's also a noun \"""""
thank you everyone for your wishes  i appreciate them all!
i am beyond lucky 
i get dis-    *runs off*
"some words we say we regret, others we regret we didn't say earlier  in a blink of an eye you have a conundrum  which one would you regret the most?"
"so    here's the deal  i need external stimulus  that means talking to me, that means keeping my mind flowing, thoughts being said, opinions being made, ideas being criticized  anything that keeps me from introspecting  i need to be in an environment where i can be wrong (a k a  not within myself) "
who isn't doing his homework? me 
i want to order a game from gamestop and see if they deliver it through the storm 
i will admit    i'm a little biased against sanity 
boredom <propfemale> its ugly head and is digesting my thoughts 
the rurality of otc is amazing 
stumbleupon is my new friend 
i think i'm done re-opening old wounds  i've been raw for too long 
"control is often forced, and not learned    this is why <propfemale> is a virtue rarely understood "
the <propmale> of the double tap i find is essential to dead space 2 
"i doubt myself, but then i realize i'm amazing, then i smile again  smile  "
i've been self-actualizing this whole time 
huh  it seems my legs have gotten used to running 
i never seem to touch the ground unless i've fallen 
where would i go about purchasing a white board?
if there is one thing i've mastered it'd be wasting time 
case studies are only fun when you aren't given the answer  i want to properly misdiagnose someone on my own!
not enough cash!
that's a peculiar thought 
"i can dream some pretty strange, depressing things "
my eyes close with such soft melodies ringing through my ears 
i am done 
i have the pacing of a wolverine 
need     human *static* connections!!!
i understand why i like diagnosing people in abnormal psych  it's my way of openly communicating my opinions and thoughts with verifiable facts that can be disproven only by verifiable facts! it's how i think! more people need to talk back to me 
such revelations cannot be taken lightly  the knowledge i now possess must be acted upon 
gotta dog now  need to name it 
can you see into a blind man's soul?
i want to be an ethics teacher   smile  messing with the human conscience sounds entertaining    once you get past the sadism 
am i too honest?
i feel a note-uh-brewin' 
baby steps 
cannonball 
i'm about to enter dead space with my friend <propmale> folds close by my side!
let's finish this semester off and get to the good stuff! most eventful spring break to date  smile  
"i'd say something here, but i'm saying it all to you  smile  "
"i'm exactly where i need to be, or rather where i want to be "
there is no better way to spend my time  smile  
<propfirst> the third was amazing 
beautiful night 
"new music, new thoughts  feels good "
i think i could listen to the killers forever 
this play is going to turn out wonderful 
what can't <propmale> <propfemale> do? *sigh*
waking up with coheed and cambria 
one week 
"i should watch more documentaries, i really enjoy them "
the graveyard near the house - airborne toxic event  favorite song 
halfway there 
one last <propmale>  gotta make it count 
i don't listen to linkin park enough 
house on meth? sounds fun 
that was a nice surprise  smile  
it felt good to work again 
"well, i guess it's about time we got a new computer    since this one just crashed  about those papers   "
reporting in from my macbook   laugh 
i can facetime chat now  message me if you'd like my contact number 
