5a4c130e04b4b3a29d9a0dddf6c137ac
is bout to take <propfemale> quick trip to jerz with my son's and shit   i got spend that qt with the young ones   you know!!!
is workin counting down the last  hour and a half   work is hella boring!!!!!!
is on his last leg   tryin to hop his ass back into union!!!
is not feeling class right now   to go or not to go?!?!?!
   chillen with dellisha and my niggas
was feelin homecoming week   the shit felt like gold bowl   he's just mad he had to miss the game   smh!!!
(how bout those booty as jaguars   haha haha lol)!
is ready to get the fuck outta here   this job is blowin me right now   smfh
is sttin in this cold as house glad their was no class this morning          
is tryin to figure out where his cuz wants to go tonight for his born day?!?!?
can't beleave the orangeman went out like   wtf   smdh!!!!!!!!!!
can't beleave the orangeman went out like that   wtf   smdh   to fuckin butler too!!!!!!!!!!
is fuckin with is cuz tonight   party at state!!!!!!!
is definitely bout to take a nap   he is dumb tired!
is gettin bodied at starlite with his boy raymond   go lakers!
is chillin with his boys <propfirst> and g   bout to watch my nigga <propmale> graduate (denzel voice from training day)!
lets go lakers!!!!!
no disrespect to none of ya'll but we run this shit (la lakers)!!!!!
is chillin at the beach   relaxin!
is bored as hell wtf ain't shit to do?!?!?
"just spank <propfirst> \pook\"" <propmale> in 2k10   get your skills up pook   bum ass!!!!! lol"""
is on his way to the beach hopefully it doesn't rain   smdh
"is starvin, who wants to cook me breakfast?!?  wink "
is wondering what's next and who is the right one?!?!?!
can't sleep   got a lot on his mine 
"is feelin much better   today's a beautiful, it's time to enjoy it!  smile "
"is layin down, bout to take a nap  what's good!for tonight   riding that jersey wave   i'm home baby!"
"is at richmond beer gardens   makin it rain   gotta love it and yes its in plainfield, new jersey bitches!!!!!"
"is ready to leave work, go home and eat a good old home cooked meal    "
is torn between left and right   which way do i go   smfh!?!?
is finally gettin his car inspected   better late than never   sms  annoyed 
is on his school boy wave this morning 
"can't believe <propfirst> hol-idaythru a no-hitter in his post-season debut, unreal   smh"
is on his early morning work flow   gotta get this money!!!
can't believe the cowboys lost again   smfh
is on his work flow   2 more hrs and i'm done   yes!!!!!
"is lol at how people don't grow & mature but stay childish & petty especially if they can't have what they want, when they want it  up   oh well   shit happens!  wink "
is gettin a kick out of the bitch called life  last weekend was funny   this one is gonna be hilarious  i swear life is like a movie!
is up and ready for this early morning work flow 
"is chillin at work, 4 more hrs to go "
#71 wish we could've finished what we started  smh   coulda been somethin special   wink 
"#908 yo you my homie 4-life, remember all the wild sundays after church ha classic (<propfirst>'s voice from the hangover) "
"#7172 wish you didn't leave and would have grinded it out in school, love you like a spoiled lil sis lol jokin "
"#411 i was kind of a <propmale> about how i stopped talkin to you  i apologize, you cool as shit and deserved better   sad "
"#1 awww   my lil sister from another mother  been cool since freshman year, you got my back and i got yours  fam for 4-life  p s  thanks for the hook up with wifey   wink  lol"
#3 our lil fling was fun and you still my peoples  p s  wipe your own nose bitch   lmfao jk jp
"#21 flashback to the last gold bowl ever, why pook eat that chicken lil he was starvin <propmale>  fast forward too last years homecoming the party was poppin but it was a fuckin hot box in their   smh lol"
*33 yo you my peoples and high school was a trip  never knew you felt some type of way  we should definitely link up one day 
#2004 haha one of my 1st gf's remember i was scared to kiss you in middle school   smh puppy love lol
"#2608 damn, my college sweetheart  love you 4-life except for when your punk ass thought you could be me in uno (look my eyes, look my eyeys, roll them <propfirst> hear voice) ctfu"
"#1886 met in the mall one day, who knew we hit off and be into each other like that  went to school, shit didn't work like it should have (totally my fault) but now we best of friends "
#103 union was poppin had mad fun with you   sorry it had to end soon 
#725  enjoyed the one on time we spent  wish things coulda turned out a lil differently 
#340 cold as shit   if i had my <propmale> you already know its goin down lol but you know deal   wink  stay in touch thou 
#8 we go back like pimps and cadillacs 
#505 yea   i think you had the crush on me sike nah it was mutual  i remember you use try to hide your feet when you wore open toe sandals   ctfu
"#24 my homie from the west coast with a 100 pair of kicks  me, you, and g always had defend the lake show from all the kobe haters but look who won the last two titles, enough said, know dat!"
"#29 knew you since sophmore year when jersey you stay in troubla  we became cool, you even called me brother at times  we had a lot of fun your last year "
"#122 its funny how we met   you straight iced me down and i'm like please tell me she not lookin over lol boy did you get me into some shit but we had fun, enojyed chillin with you, talkin to you "
is starving   smh
almost game time folks   let's go lakers!!!!!
chillin with his cuzo   why is va sooo lame right now?
"is tired right now   smh   oh well work flow, time to get this fiat money "
"appreciates all the born day, thank you everybody! b-)"
"is hella bored smh, waiting on the wife to come thru  she need to hurry the fuck up!  surprise "
is think what can he get into on this cold wednesday!?!
is wondering why its so fucking cold   smh
"is chillin at d's crib, just got his ass handed to him in spades  smh  playful "
"is laughing at all you lame ass steelers fans   laugh  shouts out to my homie g, congrats my brother   smile "
is chillin the <propfirst> at work think bout all the shit he's gotta do   playful 
is at the boathouse stuffed   great food 
"is comin from tobacco, happy hr was poppin   now he is on his way to off the hooka!"
woke way to early smh
gm fb   sooo tired
