8e20d22e03256e2dcdbabd398b84a09f
swinging on the stars ~ flying around ~ this is so bizarre maybe i better come down
time to party up new orleans!!
good luck to all of us on the gulf coast   i hear tropical storm <propfemale> may be coming  thought hurricane season was over already 
can you believe it?
it's going to b 52 degrees here tonight     let's toast to the weather!
who dat?!?  i'm lovin it!
"you say potato, i say vodka "
"we need a hail <propfirst> here and if anyone can do it, it is our boys!  new orleans, we just have to keep believin'"
omg      is it a hail <propfirst>?
one reason i love new orleans is cause the party still goes on no matter what  am glad to see this 
"this one time, at band camp   "
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays everyone!
i will never forget the christmas my grandmother gave us all valiums   how i wish she was here right now because i really need one again 
i love chicago!!
pink and black
everywhere and messy
it's way back week !!!! retro retro retro retro  everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young  copy and paste this  let's see how we all were !! wayback week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i smelled a llama under your bed because i'm cool like that
"miami, miami, you've got style    blue sky sunshine, white sand by the mile    "
the boys are walking on water
haha!  so a few nuns and the pope were sighted drinking a beer and smoking cigarettes in new orleans   gotta love that!
"the b-52's are coming to new orleans, so everyone who knows how to party in the who dat nation needs to be there   feb 10th, house of blues   easy access link on my wall!!"
am wondering     what kind of <propmale> cake should i get tomorrow?
happy 13th birthday to my darling cousin <propfemale>!  such a big day!   smile 
i really can't imagine what it is like in the dome right now 
yessssssss!!!!!!!!! omg omg
i love the who dat nation!
new orleans is the happiest city on earth!  this is unreal    wow  smile 
this is for free speech and right to buy any t-shirt i want    who dat! who dat! (insert fleur de lis)   now <propfemale> me 
"yes, they backed down  you can't mess with cajuns   you never win "
"what an incredible memorial party in new orleans today!  i'm loving the videos, pics, and <propfirst>'s wig   please keep posting pics     they're great!"
i wish <propfirst> nicks had a solo performance tonight   sighhh
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
yaaaaa!!  there's a b-52's party tomorrow night   where -- carrollton station   <propfemale> cowskill's band will be performing covers from their featured artist of the month --- the b-52's  this is guaranteed to be a party out of bounds!   smile 
this new facebook layout is terrible    sad 
"dear <propfemale>, i suppose we should introduce ourselves: we're south louisiana  you probably already know that we talk funny   we listen to strange music and dance even if there is no radio  we drink at funerals  we talk too much, laugh too loud, live too large and, frankly, we're suspicious of those who don't "
what is the quickest way to cure a lost voice from screaming?  i need my voice back completely by tomorrow   help! lol
happy mardi gras!!
"yaaaaaaaa!!! one of my bestest friends is having her baby and even though we have a long wait, i am going stir crazy ready to get there!!!"
"finally on the way to <propfemale>, so excited  smile "
"happy 292nd birthday, new orleans!!! we love you!!   love "
"thank you all for the birthday wishes, it's been good     home today with family and partying with friends in chicago tomorrow    big fun!!  have a great weekend everyone, thanks for all the happy birthday wishes!   smile "
"swinging on a <propfemale>, dancing around, this is so bizarre maybe concrete blonde is in town     (tonight i'll be with you)"
i'm sitting in a bar in new orleans talking to this girl who looked familiar and five minutes into our conversation we realized we went to europe together 20 years ago   this is surreal!
"finally below 100 degrees       now, can we make it down to 70?  please   "
just discovered that my car is an alcoholic   loves to drink battery fluid      so glad she took her last sip in the driveway   poor thing had no choice    i'm told this is genetic     
beautiful day here in atlanta!  smile 
i-10 w toward new orleans is not moving at all!  am taking an evening walk on the beach in biloxi instead  smile 
dancing in a pair of shoes made by <propfemale> <propfemale> is simply fantastic!
thanksgiving is an emotional holiday  people travel thousands of <propmale> to be with people they only see once a year  and then discover once a year is way too often     ~ <propfirst> <propmale>
