bb484f504a7230d3ecc69f8296bd1c66
"work, work, work  new pics!"
just had to take another fuckin earring out! goddamn those fuckin professionals!! went from 16 piercings to a measley  8! : ( thats some fucked up shiit rite there  
is tryin to find somethin to do tonite! preferrably that involves drinkin and  stuff 
is lookin fo somethin to do tonizite!
"is work, work, workin! lil boys in polos is <propfemale> effin adorable! thot id just shove that out there  lol  smile "
is mad cuz she got hit with a ball! not the gud kind either  asshole  paulo <propfemale> suck balls!
is bouta dipp! yayayayayayayayaya
is chillin playin games in more than one way  wink 
is bored bored bored booorrrreeedd! lol
is playin these damn games again  
wud never tell him he's the best ive ever had  
wud never tell him he's the best ive ever had  even tho he is  &hearts;
woop da <propfirst> do!!
haha world is a funny word! lol
needs a pedicure and her hair did!! wish i cud afford either   crying 
is soooo god damn sore!! fuck  
is plotting hehe
my horoscope says i shud delve into a love affair  hmm  weirdness  hehe
is miffed cuz she took one of those quizzes and it wont let me post it  it said i wud have two boys and i was like yaay!! i want two kids and i want all boys  perfecto! ya <propmale>? and now im just like ugh  hehe the trials and tribulations of facebook are just so immense i <propmale> lol jk jk
chillin chillin chillin  gettin bread today! yay 
<propfemale> who the fuck isn goin to weezy and shit??
lalalaalalalalalalaaaaaaaaaa hehe im bored   sad 
is drinkin a monster!! ill prob be so god damn off the fuqn chain<s> laterzzzzzzzzz lol its kickin innnn! hehe this is funn!  smile 
"aww \lean on me\"" just came on!  sad  i miss yaydapp!!!!"""
haha the miracles of facebook   smile 
is just  somethin  idk bored lol only one more fuqn dai!!!! doesn get any better than that  well if there was no days left it'd be better so nevermind lol
really hates <propfemale> she goes to the bathroom and ppl are takin craps on both sides of her  ick! that sux lol
"was mad as hell cuz she cudn hear herself think, then she realized she wasn thinkin  "
just waitin for the clock to strike 6    then i can chhhiiiillll! hehe tonite the culmination of all my plannin will be revealed    hehe idk wat im talkin bout btw  im hungry 
woooo! haha just at work  tonite will hopefully be wats gud 
now im the one stuck here missin her like an asshole  again 
"god damn! im borrreeeedddd!!!!  sad  someone have a conversation wit me, geez! lol"
fucked up!
my eye keeps twitchin  
1 more hour  nothin to do tonite tho =[
is at work chillin  i dared to try and wing it with no coffee this mornin  lets see how it goes hahahashahahahahah
damn im cuute!  smile 
watchin final destination  
wat a waste of my time  is final destination even out yet? i just watched it at home lol
gonna attempt to start this english essay  mite not go so well but watevs lol
feels sick  sad 
is soooo tired!  annoyed \
"work, work, work, work then  chillin wit da dr  either tysons or <propmale> and busters lol idk  hehe"
almost done 
55mins  
"workin wit my mom trien to figure out how we bout to get to <propfirst> z  gonna be mi madre, mwah, y da docta! lol funn  mite even stay  not sure yet  gotta check some shit lol why am i typin so much  ? haha"
"ugh, work  "
hopes he didn get me sick  my whole body is exhausted!  annoyed \
"feelin better  hmm, wat will i do tonite?"
just finished a monster and feelin hype!!!!! im cised(however <propfemale> spell it  ) haha
yoo  im freakin bored waitin for yyaaaayyyydapp!! haha
"these streets will make <propfemale> feel brand new, big lights will inspire <propfemale> lets hear it for new york "
cant find her ipod  dammit! i seriously wish i cud stop losing shit and that i had a better memory  i really really wanna need to find it   sad  happy new years to me  
"happy new year, nigga  lls"
headed home   dumb fuckedd up!!!!! took me like 300 minutes to type this!!!
just woke up    wow 
am i outta my mind? most ppl say probly  
"ugh, long nite  feel like we just fell asleep  oh well headed to church "
<propmale> 
so its completely normal and healthy for a women to have one or two drinks a day   smile 
wtf? i hate this new home layout  its weird lol they just keep changin shit up on me  
dyin ova here coughin! damn  
bullshit 
wonders if anyone ever reads what she writes  wonder if they ever will  i hope not  even i don't 
is amazed that suddenly no ones single  wth? even assholes and ugly ppl all buned up  i mustve missed dat memo  wateva single is tha shit 
doesn like this feelin  i hate that <propfemale> quicken my breath and make my heart skip beats 
fuck it  apathy is the shit n wat i'm known for  wudn wanna disappoint   
fresh out the shower; life is great! hopefully i don't get pist anymore todayy  please?
this shud be interestin    http annoyed  www formspring me megon4
today was such a great day cuz i wont let anythin bring me down  everythins chill  on my way to wizards 
ready for life to begin  i need to partyy againn!!
why did i get married too wit da bestie  smile 
is scared n vergin on depressed  i cant believe dat shit just happened! i love you  
we invented a drink  its called cunt moisturizer  fuck wat <propfemale> says 
f   m   l!!
"is <propfemale> fuckin bipolar! like legitamately  its fuckin amazin  sometimes  i wonder wat dogs say <propfemale> they bark at each otha  probly curse em out lls oh yea, i got the attn span of a gnat too lol boy oh boy watta beautiful life bahaha"
"yo wtf is goin on with 2010?? its a fuckin disaster year   or roof just blew off  fuck 2010, if we make it thru this year we're fuckin invincible!"
is hungover from life 
is hungover from life 
ova here lookin at cars  its angrifyin cuz it aint for <propfemale>  its like takin an alcoholic to the liquor store or a crackhead to skid row  <propfemale> just don't do it! i've givin up on <propfemale> gettin a whip  time to find dat suga daddy   
"still sittin here wit this shit  i need a fuckin adventure tonite! wat to do, wat to do  "
would love to take <propfemale> away from diddy  
how does wakin up early not qualify as cruel and unusual punishment??
loves <propfemale> she hears one of those feel-gud-sun-on-yur-skin-wind-in-yur-hair songs from the 90s randomly   smile 
is full 
random thot of the day: wat if instead of grades we got <propmale>?? i wud do all my  fuckin hmwk dood!! now that's an incentive i cud work wit  
is it unhealthy to drink n exercise?? only one way to find out!
is  indescribable  and never will i be otherwise  
is bored as fuck n pist as shit!! not a gud combo fer sure  
"so this is wat average teens are like?? no wonder no one likes them! if i didn chill with older, i'd lose wats left of my mind  "
loves that she can get free stuff anywhere! i can now function while broke   smile 
is absolutely craving mcnuggets and or a snickers  lls
"is annoyed  already, yes  "
just got home  in bed wit a seemingly gud book  wonderin wat im doin tonite  htc i suppose 
"cool breeze, good book, clean sheets, fresh beer  life is great! tryna have a crazyy but stable nite laterr  lol"
"hates when ppl honk <propfemale> she's walkin  ugh, get a fuckin life! bout to have a crazyy nite wit this bitch, i'm sure  haha"
"is back home, passed out "
feels like she's gonna puke  ugh  i better feel better by tomorrow!
"man, fuck these niggas i swear i respect everythin but these niggas  man, fuck these bitches i swear i care bout everythin but these bitches  "
"is bored, anxious, and wantin that gud shit "
"i don't wanna close my eyes, i don't wanna fall asleep, cuz i'd miss <propfemale> babe and i don't wanna miss a thing  even <propfemale> i dream of <propfemale>, the sweetest dream will <propfemale> do cuz i'd miss <propfemale> babyyyyyyyy!!!  crying "
those jeans is tighter than a <propmale> in the butt  assumin <propfemale> aint a slut  
is rebuilding her wall  shudve done that long ago  dusting off the old philosophy of fuck it 
i got 10 bathrooms i cud shit all day  
is locked out bout to be even more sick  grreeaatt 
is bored  hopefully tonite works out  
is readin in the shower  aint nothin better  
"literally just had a legit, 'did i do that??' moment  didn <propmale> whether i shud admit that or not haha"
"just randomly realized dat if she duzn graduate it'll be cuz she'll probly be too lazy muffed up to do all the upcoming make-up work  fml  almost at the finish line tho   shit, i just can't fuckn wait! makes my day just thinkin bout it n that its almost fuqn may dude  yess!"
ugh  seriouslyy??
"well, now that that's done  lol"
a nasty guy is e playful ected; a nasty female is more disgusting than shit stains  
walking and texting is wayy more peliogroso than drivin while textin 
fuck 
fuck it 
is chinese food really the best breakfast? nope  do i give a fuck? hell fuqn na!
hello muthafukka heyhihowyadoinn?? thanks a lot alex   ugh  lol
baaaa!!!!!! sat in da a m 
"now that that's ova wit, imma fight for my freedom but ultimately fail "
"\so much time is spent with people superficially  you remember all the fun <propfemale> had but nothing specific \"""""
"my whole life has changed, since <propfemale> came in, i knew back then, <propfemale> were that special one  i'm <propfemale> in love, so deep in love  <propfemale> made my life complete  ily"
is <propfemale> god damn readyy 
just can't do this shit anymore  i've sacrificed 17 yrs of my life to this household and 19 to this family and i just cannot do this any fuckin more  sorry mom 
is lookin for an adventure 
a priest at a gas station  for some reason it sounds like the start of a joke  haha he got a nice whip tho   
lost my fuqn phone last nite  im blown!
has a lot to contemplate so excuse me while i spark this shit 
"well, here goes nothin  "
midway into crushin 84oz of heiny!!! that's that great shit son! haha
"the metro dude, seriouslyy??"
"finally home, feelin like i need to  missed my mission by one dayy  fuq it "
forced to take dayquil wtf bout to take some shit to the head  my belly's full as shit lol
fresh out the shower feelin gud as hell  i'm clean! anxious too  bring it on mondayy!
almost smoked a ladybug just now  oops!
just another day in paradise  
sittin in da crib thinkin bout da future from tomorrow to ten yrs from now  i'm excited for life 
cuz pussy's only pussy and i get it when i need it 
"yea well   that's life  sux til <propfemale> die, that's why we get hi "
listenin to scars by papa roach and reminiscin bout how angry i used to be and how fuqd the fuq up life used to be  i've come a long ass wayy  that's wats up!
"just forgot wat she was thinkin, whilst in the process of thinkin bout it  damn dood "
and so it begins  
"gettin humped by this fuqn dog  holdin me down n shit  that's fuqd up! lol but na, really "
lost her phone    again 
a dog and a gay guy  all we now is a midget  damn dood 
"is straight chillin    <propfemale> shud let me love <propfemale>, there's so many ways to love <propfemale>    <propfemale> got me sayin oh my god i'm so in love  dbh"
is eyes closed n talkin too s  l  o  w 
has to actually be a student todayy  fuck!
just found a nug on her floor  thats wats up!
this sandwich makes me wanna rock out with my cock out 
is reallyy wantin to change her life but has no idea how to 
if i dont fuck wit someone they get mad and or just take it  if i do im a slut n get disrespected  ill take my chances with sayin fuck no 
is watchin this dog suck his own dick  crazyy ass shit  looks violent tho 
perfect amount 
my horoscope told me to live on the edge 
i used to love it  until i realized there's better 
damn that shit was   wow! lol
love is war; be my soldier  just put yur head up in my neck n just breathe  
love is war; be my soldier  just put yur head up in my neck n just breathe  
just can't grasp the concept of do gooders  how do they have so much fun doin nothin to cause that adrenaline rush?? wish i cud  sike! lls
"fuck i look like turnin down some head?? i mean, that's sorta like a bird turnin down some bread "
142 
"cold metal against my skin, am i intimidatin?"
wat a measly nite  
look who's baacckk!
"fuck i look like turnin down some head?? i mean, that's sorta like a bird turnin down some bread "
ch-ch chillin just waitin  for everything 
wishes someone somewhere would just believe in her 
damn  if only things had gone a lil differently  ugh   next time  lol
is a single black female addicted to retail 
"so apparently, i can drink in my room all i want but i can't blaze   damn! i think i'm mad at that   maybe "
lemme see yur hips scchhwwiinng!!
"please, i'm fuqn beggin <propfemale>-- don't do that to <propfemale>! i need <propfemale>r help, dad "
shopping with my mommy! hehe  smile 
"kool aid? check  apple pie? check  j? mann, <propfemale> already <propmale> "
blah
here goes nothin  ill look gud regardless tho    i hope   haha
my neighbors <propmale> yur name  
is done wit this institute! i fuqn made it!
can't wait til she meets some real ppl  or at least ppl that are appreciative  ugh  the worlds full of assholes n bitches  most of which are sluts 
is clearly having an allergic reaction  idk to wat tho  ugh  
hopefully tomorrow comes soon 
watching the sun rise at the bus stop   alone 
alone   sad 
one more afternoon n one more night 
just realized she has nothin to do tomorrow nite   of all nites to sit in da house  ugh  
is very perturbed 
"well god damn babe, wtf <propfemale> tryna do then?? lol"
its the culmination of 13 yrs and 13 million trials and tribulations 
got an ipad  not bad lol wats up wit tonite tho??
"no finance, no romance  with all that said, <propfemale> don't have a <propmale> "
i'm stuck on band-aid brand cuz band-aids help heal <propfemale>! lol imma nerrd 
is bored as fuck! so restless it hurts  
hates that she always needs a ride! ugh  
feels like sleeping for a month or two  
peanut butter strawberry cheesecake is pretty damn gud  just invented it myself  thank <propfemale> reese's syrup!
"you've been naughty, now go to my room! lls"
ugh my roots are already growin back!! have been  
ugh  why the hell does my ass hurt?!
"until the clock says pm, there's absolutely no excuse for anyone wakin me up! except for a j o course lls"
the average 6 year old laughs 300 times per day  adults only laugh 15 to 100 times per day  -snapple cap 
"<propfemale> times get hard some ppl just smoke  forget about their worries like screw it, lifes a joke   "
i'm sippin on somethin n my homeboy said he got a bad bitch for me n i'm single 
is too used to sleepin all day n chillin all nite   ugh 
feelin gud feelin great!  smile 
thot it was saturday all day yesterdayy   apparently todays monday tho  wtf
hit the jackpot wit lil <propfirst> and <propfemale> minaj    lls
ugh   bored  as usual 
"<propfemale> <propfemale> start drinkin by <propfemale>rself, <propfemale> got a problem  <propfemale> <propfemale> start smokin by <propfemale>rself, <propfemale> smart as shit  lol"
oh yea    i'm goin to the beach fridayy  i forgot lol
"i swear to hey-zues if i get honked at one more time imma scream! n not one of those loud, crazy, kinda scary ones like my moms but one that makes <propfemale> shit <propfemale>r pants n <propfemale> breath in my direction again "
i'd rather pop a bottle before i pop a gat 
needs a bitch 
its my babyy boy's bday!  crying  i miss yu   old ass nigga lls
all i'm doin is sittin here n i got 2 <propfirst> in the last 10mins    wat the fuck? that's crazyy cuz i look busted  kinda
stranded at tysons   
3 <propfirst> today    wtf??
fucked around n missed my baby's call   god dammit!!
well   we're on our wayy! see ya on da 10th  haha this shud be      interesting 
ugh   b  o  r  e  d!
"ayo bitch! wats the answer to number 7?! arf arf arf!! lls gud times, gud times   "
"<propfemale> i'm home i can just lock myself in my room n blaze til i'm too hi to function    here, in this <propfemale> room, i'm stuck with all the noise and anger "
watchin grown ups in the most grody theatre i've ever been to  gold coast--yu disgust me  this movie better be gud 
put this in ya status in see what ppl like bout <propfemale>  1  lips 2  eyes  3 body  4  attitude5  personality             what do <propfemale> like about me?
is wayy too much of a partyer to chill with    older folks  lol i've been thru tons of bullshit; its time for me to be a kid!!
so lemme make sure i got this rite    i'm a piece of shit cuz i wanna live my life instead of endin it?? riite   and tell me again why yure not shit too for makin me feel that wayy!? idk how i'm not an alcoholic by now   almost 
has decided to get ova herself    for now 
"<propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale>r hair's nappy <propfemale> its wet but still rough as shit lol damn, i need to fix that lol"
is bout to have a fuqn panic attack! this is exactly why i hate waitin for niggas  they be bullshittin too fuqn much!
is lost in a kiddie amusement park   i'd rather be shot lol
"hates if wen ppl read statuses n tell evry1 wtf is up with you  if they're not my friend and i didn tell em, they're not supposed to <propmale> "
they said there was a whale on the beach n it made sense why evry1 was crowded around then they said it was dead and it just became a fucked up situation  ppl r so fuqd up 
finally got my lip repierced!
our hotel is on fire and all yure worried about is that i got my lip pierced?! smh  ok man 
"headed home but only for a moment, o course "
"camera=gone  stolen, i shud say  fuck evry1! don't htfc   smile  have a great fuqn dayy! assholes  "
fuck it 
b o r e d
ok    so apparently i've insulted my hommie by sayin i'm bored lol so i'm highly intertained lol
stuck at tysons   again 
"ooh my plants are lookin niice! well, one of em anyways "
hopes these ppl dnt think she's homeless  
"was gangsta wit it  i said i don't give a fuck n threw up the dueces, smirkin da whole time  haha played "
"is stranded once again   yay! fuck <propfemale>, nigga "
"all i wanna do is sleep, sleep, sleep no matter wat  got sleep on my mind only green can wake me up   "
hatin yurself is a waste of time 
wat the f  u  c  k am i doin tonite??
"well, that shit was crazyy lol"
"ugh   if only, if only "
"wow! ppl must really think i give a fuck about em  obviously <propfemale> don't <propmale> me cuz i don't  i care bout 1 person n 1 person only: my husband, my baby boy  so feel free to lose my number n don't <propfemale> even think bout breathin in my direction again "
"<propmale>, beer, chips, rain  its been a gud dayy!  smile "
smacked 
b  o  r  e  d
"is stranded  yet again  idk if i shud be excited cuz i'm stranded in chantilly, not tysons or if i shud just continue to be pist   hmm  wateva "
"is stranded  yet again  idk if i shud be excited cuz i'm stranded in chantilly, not tysons or if i shud just continue to be pist  hmm  wateva "
"i could really use a wish rite now  or a j i mean, wateva's easier for ya "
finally home 
bout to fry some chicken  all i kno is i better be done with errthang by 9 so i can pretend to be cleanin and watch degrassi!!
"fried chicken and garlic potatoes    damn, i'm a gud cook! yummy "
 crying 
"just fucked up for the last time  fuck my life, it don't even matter anymore "
wow!! gin--not my drink! lls
please make her healthy 
so yea  gettin yur nails ripped off by someone pretty much hurts  gud to <propmale> 
bout to finally get a whip   yay!
is movin out 
wishes she could live above the influence 
saw my two main hoes tonite  fun fun  haha nite facebook stalkers! muahhss!
"is official  paid for, registered n errthang! yess  imma be edumacated in this bitch! lls"
still packing   ugh 
"everytime i press play to finally watch this show   someone calls!! wtf ppl??\gimme a 30 <propfemale> break  or at least 20 <propfemale>s   smile "
is apparently goin to new york friday    das a bet 
"ahh, in my new home   smile "
"bout to have yet another chill session! ugh  well, someone's got to do it   smile  lls"
on my way to gucci mane 
wtf?
headed to largo  yay shopping!  smile 
actually likes a college! university of <propfemale> is pretty alright 
"if i lived in southeast, i'd be home by now "
$500 for books!?? only thing that wud make me feel better is    gettin my hurr did 
ohh my fuqn god!!! hurry the fuck up!!!
"well, my hair is done and has been rained on for the first time alreadyy! oh well  "
its friday the 13th  i'm nervous 
headed to <propmale> today 
"i miss my babe already  first time ive slept in my own bed in a <propfemale> and i feel bad for it                 great  gnite babes, gnite world "
headed to fredericksburg 
"yay, <propfirst>!!  smile "
"on my way to church  yess, a real, christian church filled with jesus loving people  ill survive, don't worry  ahaha"
kicked out all fuqn ready   fuck that nigga 
"kicked outta <propmale> and arlington, all in one day  damn, i'm glad i'm used to bein let down and fuqd over or else today wud probly be a bad day  can't wait til tomorrow  i'm goin down south  lls"
"blazin, searchin for apartments and waitin for <propfirst> pan to find <propfemale>   smile "
"why is it so hard to do good if thats wat yure supposed to be doing?!\i quit  imma just be a pothead that sleeps on benches in dc til i eventually turn to crack while i wait for my husband to get outta prison "
finally got an interview!! too bad its in sterling   sad 
doin wat i do  can't wait til tomorrow!! girlie is comin   smile  apartment hunt is on!
wtf? someone keeps callin me that i don't wanna talk to and someone else is textin me that's annoyin the fuck outta me   so why the fuck can't i bring myself to turn my phone off?? lol
sux at interviews but i'm excited  like  3 more hours   smile 
here we go  
damn   a blonde  headed home singing   smile 
hopes her wishes come true  
one week later   homeless and frustrated 
so today sucked 
ive met so many men and its like theyre all the same  
"evicted, huh? i've only been home a week  this has to be a record "
"finally, finally going to sign my lease  took long enough "
spongebob got me geekin   smile 
"this is my 14th first day of school  why the hell wud i be nervous?? cuz its the beginning of the rest of my life, <propfemale> say?? you got it twisted sweetie, i'm excited as fuck--not nervous   smile "
first day: complete 
"i don't want the world to see me, cuz i don't think that they'd understand  "
"was approved  yess! southern towers, prepare yourself "
i mite just become a christian  idk  still thinkin bout it  
"damn ppl, i'm in class! hit me afta 2 "
i wanna be a billionaire so freakin bad 
ugh  doctor 
steppin out wit no game plan 
miserable 
i flip that middle finger n that index finger follow 
takers 
ugh  it was gud  but now    sad 
"to do list: stay in school, don't do drugs "
richmond 
this  is  huge!
this is most def my exercise for the month  i hate movin   sad 
driving into the sunrise  fuck!
car accident number 3 
she said she wants my boobies  [no hetero]
"just realized she dony got class monday so therefore, imma parlayy it up  bout to get a dog   ugh "
"took her to my condo, let the girl strip  then she got naked n she pretty girl dipped"
home alone  bored  tired  lol
 crying ((((( just fucked up her phone  ugh   i cud cry 
you wanna do waatt?? lls
quick! yes or no??
just another day in the neighborhood  
gone 
exercise 
"dont tap out, fight until the end "
it looks <propfemale> pretty!
"damn, very une playful ected "
dayyum  
"my horoscope says there is no shortage of fun out there, i just need to find it "
chillin 
has never seen so much money layin around 
tysons 
pedicuurre
is finally sleepin  crazyy ass day; many more ahead 
had the most awful thot    i thot i missed high school but it was clearly a brain fart 
is sick 
finally got my blackberry  life is good  smile 
finally got my blackberry  life is good  smile 
sex drive unrated 
no water???? wtf?!!!
"please don't puke, please don't puke    i wud love some  jagermeister tho!  smile "
just realized her bday is next friday   
<propmale> for the night 
has no idea wat she's doin tomorrow  
headed to sterrrlling 
life is a beach and i'm just playin in da sand 
this shit is too fuckin crazyy    these muhhfukkas fightin  wtf am i supposed to do again??
"gets to furnish her apt   yay  actually, i am rather excited   smile "
home alone   bored 
taken 
finally happy   smile 
niggas be straight blowin me 
yerrp 
home alone  tryna go to pentagon 
"grocery shoppin, yess!"
zoo 
miss ya <propfemale> <propfemale> gone 
herndon 
j ride babyy!
"\that's a ufo rite there!\"" lls dumbass   """
dc
"just shipped da mans off   kiss  now, i'm goin to jamaica "
let the search begin   again 
just got home and the fire alarm goes off   mcdonalds time!  smile 
"i'm chillin, illin, watchin my man kill in bball  lol"
sleepy time   smile 
cravin mcdonalds like crazyy!
eww! stuck in traffic wit the bro   grr 
blown 
i did it! pearled a dutch   smile 
"groovin (yea, groovin) to thriller apt huntin "
difficulties arose 
to the telly   smile 
from the hotel to the hospital   damn aj 
crazy ass nite   and i loved every minute! except for maybe two   lol
"waddya <propmale>, homeless again  "
success! just found a place  smile 
logans 
"he's more than a man, this is more than love, the reason that the sky is blue  "
<propfemale> glad i found afv 
movin out   
fast eddies 
goood morning titans    
goood morning titans    lol sucks for you!
<propmale> for the moment 
ridin   smile 
"damn, i can always count on afv to keep me company <propfemale> he leaves!  smile "
forced to watch law n order svu    the only channel i really get 
are you fuckin serious??
this is how my night ends??
my ears itchin!  smile  wait    that means $$ rite?
this chick is fillin up lil liquor bottles on the bus    wtf? lol ohh rite into the tits  ok  she for real 
stranded kinda      n broke  oops!
"successful freestyle, wish i cud upload    smile "
how did i end up right here with you after all the things that i been through  
"make dat money, imma take dat money"
"i'm still fly, i'm sky hi and i dare anybody to try n cut my wings  "
ooh babyy!
hmm   a surprise?? i love those!  smile 
"now that's love! $100 later, my hair can move  thanks babe   smile "
gonna take my spice drop to disney world one day  lls
funeral 
you make me happy even on the rainiest of days   smile 
cuz i'm dangerously in love with you  
new 360 for tally high   smile 
"if they know i got money, they know i'm probly spendin it "
"wake you up in the middle of the night, take you to another world, yull wake up in the morning feeling like another girl  "
damn you the shit and i'd rip my heart out n hand you the shit and i don't really know how to handle this shit but tonite its moonlight n candles n shit  
xbox all day probly  must master modern warfare!
last day smokin    for now 
up with his family   smile 
mmmm   yummy   smile 
truly  madly  deeply 
gettin my hurr did 
"is legitimately scared of his drivin   imma need this j  ok, so i didn quit forever shut up "
megamind 3d wiff boyfrann 
family guy marathon 
"moscato, j, n listenin to aj freestyle   yea, its safe to say i'm happy "
woke up with hiccups   sad 
how do i still not <propmale> wat i'm doin tomorrow??
stop hatin cuz i'm beautiful n happy cuz <propfemale> lookin like a dumb bitch ert time  fuckin ho 
he's just an asshole tryna become a better man 
clue 
"\well <propfemale> gotta put this fire out cuz i'm burnin for you \"" lls"""
kickin it   smile 
"bottle, j, spice drop   smile "
to woodbridge we ride 
wat to do    ill take a nap n think bout it 
j ride to go see this crazyy ass bitch  (eww)
ugh!!!! why the fuck are bitches so    uudbgfl!!!??? fuck mann 
"chinese food, illegal music, drinks n aj   smile "
just woke up to a house with nothin to eat or drink     frack!!
a real nigga once told me talks cheap so i closed my mouth and let my heart speak  
watchin family matters  waitin to go back to sleep 
"ugh 12 hours  n <propfemale> want me to waat?? na, spice drop, can't fade dat one "
"ramen noodles, tea, <propmale> <propmale> n a lil dose of aj  shud be feelin better in no time!  smile "
waat?? i got money now?? first things first: mcdonalds!  smile 
idk how you manage to make me feel so lonely <propfemale> were in the same room  
"wow, <propfemale> really <propmale> me   lol"
loudoun <propfemale> with mama spicer 
how you love me is so glorious that i'm willing to go to war for this 
hanukkah   day 1
nitey nite 
tryna catch the sunrise with spice drop   smile 
sexy while you chillin 
"niggas aint real n bitches be a nuisance n i don't give em time, i just give em deuces "
manana=movin day #1000
daddy's home!  smile 
fuckin woodbridge   i got nothin to do today n no way to do it  haha
ugh    all this coughing really sux 
idk how but were gonna get thru this 
happy birffdaii pookie! lls
famous <propmale>'s with my boobity boo  lls
a nite in <propmale> without my sugarplum   crying 
"hittin a black while picnikin  shud pass da time, rite??"
bakin a cake n waitin for aj  smile 
"ugh,wat to do with my life  "
wow  left a 3l water bottle in the car n its ice now  i guess its kinda cold out  
ppl round town sure aren't friendly  
liftin weights with aj   smile 
dayumm boyy!  smile 
"one day baby, we're gonna have it all "
creme de la creme  gnite world 
im pretty sure my laptop just got a virus   fuck!
movies at mama spicer's 
mama spicer says: even a blind pig digs up an acorn every now and again 
wait liftin then out to dinner with my pookie   smile 
full like shit    movie time!
church 
 smile 
tha <propmale> iii  problems solved!
snow!  smile  and so it begins  ?
chicken little   smile 
"just got roses!  smile  god, i love this kid "
"liftin weights, gettin ripped lol"
"read a book , read a book, read a muthafukkin book!"
"look <propfemale>, no hands  "
well   i will most def be wearin those boots more often   smile 
"dickie roberts, <propmale> <propmale> and bagels   smile "
hungry hunger hungers me   sad 
bible study 
hmm   i feel like a better person   smile 
just woke up to tons of snow!!
"another surprise, great    i hope its at least warm wherever we're goin  but for some reason i feel like it might involve a shovel and the cold   awesome "
"peaceful dreams, please!"
hurry home   smile 
steppin out wiff boyfrann 
e playful loring <propfirst> city    here goes nothin   smile 
mvc then bowling   wink 
"drinks, balls, aj   perfect friday nite!  smile "
hehe you noe     smile 
skoo time   ugh   smile 
"wat to do, wat to do   "
don't need another one <propfemale> we got one another   love 
finally fuqn home with my head bout to implode  grrr i'm feelin like such a bitch   sorry dear 
church 
fuck this shit!!!!!
come on skins!!!! o course we caught up 
fuuckkkk!!!!
"pancakes, eggs, hash browns, grapple, and aj!  smile  greeaat nite "
well now i'm up and annoyed! and who the hell keeps callin??
wow   just woke up   smile 
"ugh, bored   no offense, pancakes "
"just <propfemale> i was bout to put my footie pajamas on, i gotta go job huntin   annoyed  its all guud, hope i find somethin tho "
"so    i really fucked up  my bad, babe "
"headed to the movies  hopefully, we won't kill each other "
is <propfemale> glad we got that conversation over with  
ill gladly eat your heart and call it valentines day 
manassas mall wit my boobity boo  lol
hylton hs grubbin hard!  smile 
headed back to woodbridge   smile 
hehe   the bestest   smile 
"bout to eat this yummy meal i made while watchin the snow fall  then, to the movies!  smile "
"if mcdonalds doesn hire me, imma shoot myself lls"
look at all that ass you don't have to have any titties at least yur part of the itty bitty tittie committee   playful 
my body hurts  sad 
"fuck you, bitch "
soo   we decided to record our days   playful  coming soon  lls
wtf are we doin for new year's??
bible study
just made the most bangin shit   lls just realized its just 3 diff kinds of chicken n 3 diff kinds of potatoes  yummy 
happy new year's <propfemale> <propfemale>  lls
"she always ready to gimme dat <propfemale>, last time it was so good i almost crashed my bentley"
its  about  to go  down  little fockers better meet my e playful ectations   smile 
aj n <propfemale> to the rescue!
"god, this is my favorite holidayy!  smile "
headed home   smile 
cici's with this dickface 
pizza n wine smoothies   smile 
just woke up from my 6 hour nap   yum  time to fuck some shit up in the kitchen 
"wine, yogurt, dinner for schmucks   smile "
the e playful endables with boyfrann 
feels like she in boot camp rite now    grr 
out for the day wiff my boo  lls
from <propfirst> with love with this nigga  lls
"hate sayin goodbye to this human being   sad  ohh well, back to sleep  lls"
yup 
he said i shud cook for a livin  lol fun   sike!
snow!  smile 
"if everyone was like you, the world would be a better place  love "
killers wiff boyyfrann   its <propfemale> wack!!!!  sad  grr
rents then home to bible readin n 127 hours!!! pumped lls
waiting  
is <propfemale> hungry  can't wait til later!  smile 
best  shower  ever 
"\you look like you smell good but <propfemale> smell like <propfemale> taste great \"" <propmale> e  cheese's for ze anniversary   smile """
chicken nuggets and dispicable me with my sugar plum   smile 
omg omg omg omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh no!
just get home safely please 
wat has happened to our lives??
snow!!
figurin out wat to do with ourselves   or at least trien 
the other guys with my baby n such  
tangled with the boyy 
so  apparently im virgo now  i dont think i like that 
twelve with my pookie   playful 
movis with the boo n his krew 
"the movies: the green hornet 3d, twelve and i love you <propmale> <propmale> are so great  been a busy day, clearly lol"
happiest i've been in quite a while   smile  eeeek!!
"chillin, illin "
i'm a junkie for yur love 
yu've been cleanin all damn dayy! just come lay wiff <propfemale>  
<propfemale> take 2!
just taught my baby how to tie his shoes like a big boy!!  smile  eeek! i'm <propfemale> excited now!
together we move mountains   love 
biology    annoyed 
gettin ready to eat watever he's cookin  hope its gud  lol
i swear i always fall for yur fuckin type  
stuck to your side like like like glue  be by your side whateva you goin thru 
i fucked up the photo booth pictures   o well  lol
"watchin <propmale> potter    ugh, the things we do for love "
chiillin wiff my bestest friend everr!!!!  smile 
listenin to both of you freestyle makes everything ok   smile 
is happy   smile 
potomic mills mall wiff him   smile 
took 3 hrs to walk this mall   now how the hell are we gonna get outta here??
tryna shovel some damn snow  tryna get some quiznos   smile 
"so   we just got stuck in the chic-fil-a parkin lot    damn, wat an idiot   lol"
everybody dies but not everybody lives  that's why i'm livin like i'm hood <propmale> with few dollars  haha
old country buffet   best shit everr!!!! still fuckin full from 5 o'clock  haha yummy 
let the sinnin begin   smile  haha jk o course 
hurt 
all this confinement is stressin me out   sorry dood 
the only thing we never disagree on: food   smile 
its <propfemale> pretty outside!!!!
is it worth all this???? yea     definately   love 
is only after one thing rite now 
"spendin my saturday nite in the laundromat folding clothes    smacked, of course  lol"
a <propmale> bit blown  just realizin how much more i've e playful ected  p s  where the hell am i gonna watch the game??
omg this is <propfemale> intense!!!! come on green bay!!!
"tryna find home like <propmale>, shawtyy "
studyin wiff da boyy  its bout to be a long nite   
i love my pillsbury jew boyy!
happy anniversary to us   smile  lol
must  finish  paper 
i'll finish it tomorrow   
( smile )
still waitin for lil <propfemale>   smile 
just witnessed life 
"boyy, yure <propfemale> crazyy!  smile "
"soo   sittin in class, my bra strap just broke n i can't even get home   sad  its gonna be a great day  "
just woke up from our 5 o'clock nap   wow  i didn do shit i said i was gonna do  imma do it now   
only someone who's sprung wud love this song this much  lol
this thing that we have is ripping us both apart and neither of us know what to do 
got a lighter leash yesterday and    best  invention  everr!
gets to go on vacation for spring break after all   smile 
funniest thing i've heard all day: any women who think the way to a mans heart is through his stomach is aiming too high  lls
"\it's hard dealin with niggas you hope you can trust \"""""
looking for somethin to get into at the moment 
wow   great start to the day!  smile 
i love times like these with my baby   smile  straight chillin  
learnin to beatbox  lol
nitey nite for meee!  smile 
open mic night   smile 
"sometimes i wish we never did it  but on another note, ssdp has made my fuckin night    holy crap! woodbridge is quite alright "
"omg     wow  this is goin extremely well so far! damn, i love white people! damn girrrrl    "
feels like she's in the 70s right now    damn 
doesn't even know where to begin   
10 more days til our trip!  smile 
officially wakin up for the day right now  damn  i got my 8 hours  lol
is scared of the dark 
"feelin good, feeling greeaat!"
watchin for colored girls with my babyy   smile 
feelin sick   sad 
"drivin just now, we almost hit a <propfemale>   sad "
how we gonna return our mnovie before 9 <propfemale> none of the redboxes in woodbridge work   wtf?
is livin life to the fullest!  smile 
loves <propfemale> he cleans  haha
wishes the pancakes were never ending at ihop   sad 
jell-o n little miss sunshine    smile 
up since 4 n i have an exam   wat a shitty day sao far 
almost spring break    i just keep remindin myself  <propfemale> is wack 
almost got into an accident just now  we almost smacked the shit outta that car!!! i can't believe we missed n as i was typin this  we almost got into another one  omg!
national harbor is lookin beautiful 
if i didn have this music rite now i'd probly lose my mind in all this traffic  geez i hate drivin in dc 
"2011 has been crazy already n its only march   damn, i'm nervous for the rest of the year "
just now we lost the lighter in the car n were lookin everywhere blamin each other n then i realized it was clipped to my shirt  lol #justsad
this guy is seriously a hippie  he probly doesn't even have facebook  lol that's wats up yo every1 shud <propmale> this guy 
<propfemale>'s then georgetownn!! fun fun
headed home   smile 
"\they say good things come to those who wait so imma be at least bout an hour late \"" lol headed to <propmale> for the day  """
seems like we're arguin more n its gettin less romantic  i mite just put up with the arguin n stay for real 
snow   smile 
just saw every kind of emergency vehicle there is on beauregard  including limos n helicopters lol wtf is goin on   ?
the dollar that bought a bottle cuda won the lotto  
potomac mills mall's food court sucks!
baking with my babyy!  smile  brownies  hehe
officially on vacation  headed to the beach  <propfemale> will i be back?? <propfemale> i feel like it 
"travelin thru baltimore   mann, this is city!"
"i can now say i've been to red <propfirst> in newark, de   smile  only 2 5 more hours!"
finally made it!  smile 
eatin at the <propmale>   smile  this place is nice as shit!
"nvm, bull on the beach is lookin wayy better "
there's a restaurant called bjs on the water  lls
rain   sad  time to play in the puddles!  smile 
mythbusters!!  smile 
<propfirst>'s is <propfemale> freakin yummy!
happy anniversary to me  
woaa!! there's people here now! n apparently a parade tomorrow 
mini golf  this shud be fun  lol
this mornin was a blower but i'm bout to see this bitch so its all gud   smile  lol
wakin up next to <propfemale> is all i wanna do 
just realized that time went forward an hour  
at the hooka bar attempting to do hmwk 
just cooked the most bangin spaghetti    at 2am  lol
"sittin in this hospital room waitin, hungry as fuck!  sad "
just finished toy story 3 with my babyy   smile  that was an escape mission for real 
life was way easier with a gf    ugh 
frappe   smile 
all of the lights video is lookin vicous  i effin l-l-love this song!!
ohh  emm  gee 
woa  jerry springer was too crazyy this mornin!
soo   skippin class again   sad 
i love lookin out my sunroof  its pretty!  smile 
mmmm caprisun   smile  headed to the studio  
just found out it's st  <propfirst>'s day    oooh someone's gettin drunk tonight!
just found out it's st  <propfirst>'s day    oooh someone's gettin drunk tonight!
is watchin a crazy cool movie  
hooka bar 
it's been 157 with <propfemale> by my side  damn  
this is soooo hood    fightin n all  lol
stafford 
wow stafford is effin beautiful! i never knew that  these houses are huge 
the illutionist 
old country buffet was <propfemale> yummy! nitey nite   smile 
he tryna convince me i'm the hd   i'm tryna tell him i already know  lol
"woodbridge taco <propfemale>, <propfemale> just made my day  thanx for fuckin up my order <propmale>  i just got my shit freee!  smile "
<propmale> 
"just now findin out bout the earthquake, tsunami, and radioactive leak  damn, where have i been??"
closed my foot in the car door n got smacked in the eye with a pillow and its rainin    today's already lookin lovely 
chillin in class eatin rice krispies treats  yummm  smile 
wtf is this nigga with my car?? i'm outta class n tryna rock  wth  
soo   i just discovered that veggie fried chicken with gravy from a can is effin disgusting! never again safeway  
"omg omg omg!!! i know i didn just see a muthafukkn mouse run across our floor!! wow, <propfemale> is a lil bitch <propfemale> it comes to thiss  i was standin on a chair n errthang  lol wtf yo   i'm too blown "
learnin bout skin color    wow   wack!
"can't wait til i get home n curl up next to someone that cares  no, not the mouse  lol"
"i can't fuckin stand you!!!! so if this is it, this is it  i'm done n i aint lookin back "
chillin with my brother makes everything better   smile  who knew?
i shudda never left   
"see my days are cold without <propfemale>, though i'm hurtin while i'm with <propfemale> and tho my heart can't take no more, i can't keep runnin back to you "
eatin cap'n crunch with my baby   its ok for now 
some ppl want diamonds rings some just want everything but everything means nothin i aint got you  
watchin the fighter  better be good  lol
"damn, i love <propfemale> keys!"
arlington   love 
"dear marlboro menthols, i have fallen for you "
damn gravity   yu showed me magic tonite   smile 
"damn, already down to my good luck and good fuck  shit went thru this pack in a day "
"damn, this shit is gettin crazy "
"damn, this shit is gettin crazy "
<propfemale> for the evening 
lol jackass 3
dc chillin 
i was just lookin for food n found like 10 bags of unfinished chips!! lls wow  we be lunchin 
"damn, this shit is purple n white!"
reston then    who knows?
<propmale> & <propfirst>'s cinnamon bun is <propfemale> <propfemale>mmy!  smile  ballston <propmale> teeter got <propfemale> <propfemale> it comes to b&j
watchin my brother and aj wrestle    wow 
lol were like testicles: we come in a pair 
soo   an actual dagger almost fell on my head! damn  
old country buffet before havin to sleep alone   crying  at least <propfirst> will be there 
"wheneva <propfemale> call baby, i roll up "
<propfirst>'s   smile 
cap'n crunch and a menthol  life is good   smile 
watchin 127 hours wiff da boyy 
skool   ugh 
"my car's a drug addict, it stays on e "
"just made some bangin orange chicken, egg rolls and taquitos  yummy"
"damn, it's only 2 o'clock   gettin my hurr did once again   smile "
"watchin dr  <propmale>, gettin my hair braided  oh boy, wat a day "
dc chillin like some hood <propmale> villains   smile 
ugh   soo bored!!
wow  #dramatic
6 months    damn 
nap timee   smile 
just followed a firetruck to its destination n now were watchin  lol wow that's boredom   smile 
welcome to the good life   smile 
watchin love & other drugs 
blah blah blah blah    class is a joke
outchere tryna get it--each n every way 
i would say fuck the world but i get tired after 2 nuts
its 6 o'clock n yure just gettin home?? wtf   
facebook
need to stop scratchin my head with a cigarette in my hand   burnt the roof of my car again   lol
is weeaak! #cryin
geekin at uno's wit da mans   smile  lls
"even when the sky keeps fallin, even when the sun don't shine, i have faith in you n i so put your pretty little hand in mine  this love is a sure thing   love "
"xbox 360, take 3 "
"i'm fryin some chicken, he's rollin a j   this is how its supposed to be "
"damn, karamel sutra is def as good as it sounds  yumm "
is wonderin wat she bout to do tomorrow  
is wonderin wat she bout to do tomorrow  
startin wednesday early this weekk  lls
omg nothin to do!!!! bout to go crazyyy 
just made some bangin french toast  yummy   smile 
halo reach  smile 
omg boyy   
new bed   smile 
<propfemale> glad they didn card us  i was bout to be locked up! lls
home to my new comfy bedd   smile  lls
"just woke up n puked   ugh, today sux already   sad "
"sittin under a tree   damn, that dinner was quite alright   smile "
drivin in this lightning is so crazyy  lol looks amazing 
"been watchin weeds for hours! damn    it was just 2 o'clock,i swear "
watched 20 episodes of weeds in 2 evenings    wow lol
i can't believe that shit just happened
shorties watchin shorties  lls
buffalo wild wings  gonna try blazin cuz she said its extremely hot  lol
"chillin chillin chillin   ugh, still waitin "
wow    time to watch more weeds and do wat we do best--or at least the most  lls
wow    time to watch more weeds and do wat we do best--or at least the most  lls
wow    time to watch more weeds and do wat we do best--or at least the most  lls
sterlingg 
zaaza    chillin  lls
wow    up like some crackheads rite now  lls i now remember 15   smile 
kind of a funny story   smile  good shit 
just got a new phone   smile  new number too  but my old phone works too for now 
borrrred!
exam    ugh  fuck 
watchin friday  lls i've never even seen it 
my first car accident lol
wow  uncle julios is yummmy   smile 
wow  i cat believe he ordered all buscuits as our sides  lls #hotbox
clear papers   love 
fast five  #cant wait to see vin diesel 
wow   wat a night lol
