bc1a963b95ef8d67e51f83bd61895b64
don't make me go back!! vacations need to be longer   sad 
who knew that arabic could be so boring?
mondays are evil!!
this last hour on tuesday and thursday is a pointless waste of time! also i think this teacher died back in 200bc and is in fact a mummy 
"so, one and a half days without power (because california doesn't understand the concept of strong winds) and i managed not to kill anyone  i feel that i've grown as a person "
????? ??????? ?? ???? ?????
fml
i got my hair cut! now i can sleep in a little because i don't have to spend so much time on my hair   laugh 
???? ??? ????? ?? ???? ????? ??? ??????? ??? ???
i've got a new roommate  good news or bad news? you decide!
i hate arabic  it gave me a bad grade   sad 
yay friday!
i already hate this week
why did it have to be so <propfemale>? i was so ready to get this pt eval over with so i could get on with being stressed out over the other 50 billion tests i have to take   sad 
so we're done for the day and yet we're stuck in the classrooms  gosh i love the stupid school rules 
arabic  ugh 
i hate mothers day 
the irony of losing my voice on language day here at dli is not entirely lost on me 
yay friday! yay new computer! boo 7 hours of arabic! boo afternoon dental appointment!
so apparently teachers outside my teaching team don't think i suck at arabic speaking  they just think i suck at keeping up with arabic news    which i do 
"zuhaira must have taken her \annoying\"" pills this morning  i want to stab myself in the face """
fml
dlpt today and tomorrow 
"arabic is a terrible language that no one should be forced to learn  also, it hates me \1+, 2, 1+\in related news, it looks like i'm staying in california for a few more months "
graduated today  no pictures of me because a certain people can't follow simple instructions 
thanks for all the birthday wishes   laugh 
"can i take \go work out and don't do your homework \"" as an order if it comes from a sgt?"""
the arabic section of my brain has completely shut off 
"lol, i must be tired, because the fact that my homework taught me the word ??????\ amuses me waaaay too much "
i finally know when i'm taking the dlpt again  6 and 7 of december
5 more days   laugh 
finally applying for phase grad! also getting dlpt status  yay!
<propmale> potter wasn't a total let down  i'm surprised  they even fixed a part of the book everyone hated 
"sooo, dlpt today and tomorrow  feeling a little nervous "
got a 2 on the listening! just gotta do the same on the reading and i'm free!
"woot, 2, 2+  i'm getting out of here!"
certain small children who are kicking my seat better not be sitting near me on the flight    
"dear texas, please do not snow because your people don't know how to drive on snow  also stop being cold  if i wanted cold, i'd go back to iowa "
