28a147589b5b93a564bf8b979b5f401b
who you callin' a cootie <propfemale> you lint licker!
"\that makes no sense\""  \""you're right  it makes dollars!\"""""
"they're out to get you, there's demons closing in on every side  i'll make you see   'cause i can thrill you more than any ghost would ever dare try "
has just finished installing a flux compacitor in my delorean and is headed back to 1985 
why can't summer be here already?
my spoon is too big!  surprise 
bon bon had her babies  smile  one is pure white! how can i be so sure mr moo is the father? someone call maury!
"i hate it when you're so sad you want to cry, but nothing comes out "
can't wait 'till i graduate so i can get the heck out of here 
"run, baby, run! don't ever look back! they'll tear us apart if you give them the <propmale>!"
"when the past calls, do you answer or let it ring?"
holding out for a hero 
today was pretty awesome for a thursday!  smile  three day weekend!! woooo!
i think i'm addicted to hero world again  ohgawd!
haha! who knew i'd be good at horseshoes?  smile 
time is going by too fast  i wish it would go faster 
still need to mow the rest of my grandmas yard  it's too big!
this weekend was too short  i need some summer!!
hakuna matata!
hey! teachers! leave those kids alone!
i'm all hyped up on mountain dew!  smile  seriously 
this world needs more magic love 
today sucked   people suck  you ruined my day  thanks a lot 
happy friday!
off to oklahoma   au revior!  smile 
man im in a tough situation  lol
"my heart's on an auction, it goes out to the highest bid! love 3"
this love's like novacaine! love 
soooo close to summer  yet so far away! heart-broken 
only one more friday left to enjoy!
screamin' hallelujahhh!!!
i can already tell it's going to be one hell of a summer 
out on the lake with <propfirst>  things just cant get better than this!
"i got paint all over my clothes   haha  made some pretty pictures, though!  laugh "
dyeing my hair to it's natural dark brown next week    i'm scaredddd!
went to <propfirst>'s graduation  it was fun   haha  wink 
"watching ferngully  you know, avatar is looking like a <propmale> knock-off right now  "
this is by far my best summer yett!!  smile )
"it's ohkay  no one else may be able to, but i understand  thats all that matters  "
bowling with <propfirst> was funnnnnn  smile 
tomorrow is the big dayy!  laugh d
it's <propfirst>'s birttthhhdddaaayyyyyyyyy!!!! she's 15 todayyy  smile 
calm as a hindu cow  smile 
 smile  had a good night  ilyk 
la roux love 
at the hospital  i never liked the smell of this place  
"if you don't stand up for something, you might as well fall for anything,  heart-broken "
its hotter than africa out here!!
had a great last day of summer  smile 
hacked by your amazinggg todddd!  laugh  -jaimeeee!
"school   yeah, not feeling it "
with <propfirst>  smile 
the glass is half full love 
uhm    good weekend   smile  yup 
"hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,  smile "
in fort worth with <propfirst> at the hospital    sad 
"<propfirst> is fine,  smile  his tummy was hurting again, but the doc said he was getting better  laugh "
carved a pumpkin with <propfirst> today  smile 
"it's 3am,  smile "
"well-behaved women rarely make history,  smile "
last day of iss!!!  smile 
well   back to school i guess  
"didn't have a good night   but going to see <propfirst> again today,  laugh "
 smile  candiess! <propfirst> of puddin hill!
happy early christmas!  smile  haha 
"did the thriller dance with <propfirst>,  smile "
omgg smile  yess <propmale> i do believe you just got hacked!( smile  byy me jaime!( smile 
let's hope this friday lives up to it's reputation  make it a good one!
you been hacked by jaimaroo anddd mommmaapoo( smile  hahaa! yourr amazingg todd love 
<propfirst> made me laugh so much today!  laugh  great weekend
lunar eclipse with <propfirst>  laugh 
"me: god, you drink so much, you're such a camel!\keith: why do i have to be a camel? why not a horse!\me: because they're different!\keith: no they're not  they're just a different breed of dog \me:     what?\keith: you heard me "
"going to <propfemale> with my mom,  smile  haven't seen her in like a month!"
happy new years <propfemale> guys  hope 2011 treats you right 
"not my best day, let me tell you  "
things are getting way too complicated  way more than i can handle  
"that was the day that i promised, i'd never sing of love, if it does not exist  but darlin' you are the only exception "
i moustache you a question 
"you know, i wouldn't steal a car   but uhh   i'd definitely download one "
"dark water marathon on nintendo,  smile "
<propmale>'s beard!!
3yrs love 
"computer is entirely fixed! sorry anyone who tried to contact me on im, my keyboard was broken and i couldn't type  what a great way to spend new years by spilling black eyed peas on your laptop "
eye of the tiger can encourage anything 
great weather!
nooo   it's the last day of spring break    sad 
finally got out of the hospital  i've been poked so many times in the arms i don't want to move them!
"can't wait until i graduate, lol, i'm not gonna miss a lot of people,  smile "
"if you judge people, you have no time to love them  just live simply so that others may simply live "
