6343f4f20ba315156e698f6c6a233dd3
"oh my god     i'm sooooooo sorry guys      i just changed my password  i'm not sure how i got hacked, but obviously please don't click on any of those links!"
thank you everyone! my birthday has been awesome so far!  smile 
"i think this will be a good year, many changes, with <propmale> in the air force & everything, but still, i think it will be a good year   smile "
this whole having a full time job & full time school & having an apartment to keep up with is kinda tiring     maybe next semester i'll be a half-time student   playful 
thinking i have to go outside & start my car warming up again     it took me & nate about an hour last night to dig it out! that was a ridiculous amount of snow!
i'm not sure what takes up more of my time     homework or avoiding homework   smile 
"just went to see the movie eclipse, and while i understand not everyone has read the books, i am surprised by how many people at the movie who were downright shocked by the events in the movie  i mean it's not like it's a secret or anything   playful "
a bedroom of my own! at last  playful 
going to see the sorcerer's apprentice with my little brother  smile 
going to see salt with my family!  smile 
"just found out last night my brother <propmale> finally got a job in the air force & will be leaving for boot in december  i'm soooo proud of him, but will definitely miss him too  no matter how much taller than me he gets, he will always be my \little\"" brother!"""
"saw inception last night & loved it! awesome movie, totally recommend it!  laugh "
why is it hardest to sleep when you know you need it the most?  sad 
"at a dog show in york, <propfemale> this weekend   smile "
thinking i should be sleeping    but that's no fun 
"going to see the e playful endables tonight with my brother & friends, very excited!"
"awesome!!!!\that's all that really needs said about the e playful endables  laugh "
waiting for class to start   
"thanks to everyone who said happy birthday, it was an excellent day, and i just have a feeling 25 will be a good age!  laugh "
on my way to nc in about 2 hours     lure coursing nationals this weekend  smile  hope everyone has had a good holiday so far!
"stuck in traffic, 95 n near dc     grrr    less than 100 <propmale> to go  sad "
"uhhh    still feeling sick, someone should come up with a magic pill to solve the common cold    that would be epic"
sooo cold outside     guess winter is making itself at home
"farewell for now little brother\i will miss you\but we each must find our own paths\good luck in boot"
"school is done for the semester, work is done for the week, humm    what kind of mischief can i get into?  smile "
at indie film night tonight helping out  smile 
"bored tonight? check out our live webshow on www indiefilmnight com     the movie tonight is homeland  and send in questions over fb, twitter or email, we'll answer them on air!  smile "
"wow, only two days till christmas    life always seems to go so fast when you're a \grownup\""    wishing i still had some of that 'time is passing so slowly' feeling when i was a kid  smile """
"<propfemale> almost-christmas everyone, be careful while last-minute shopping!  playful  and just remember    holidays are suppose to be fun!  laugh "
"christmas has been great this year; i saw my family, got lots of nice stuff, and even got to talk to my brother this morning  he seems to be doing well in basic training, getting ready to go into week 2 "
