68976a546678fc1ec61b8fe24c961bfc
homework is on my mind   *sigh*
"finally, good relaxation   smile  enjoying the rest of the day, with little homwork   "
haha! an easy day of classes! then more homework   and an easy exam  horay?
"slow day today   then homework, not too bad "
"just relaxing, finished with all needed homework and it feels great!"
"was taking an exam, on the last question  then a fire forces us to leave and retake the test    #$&*$#"
"finished studying for a physics exam   phew, this one is going to be interesting"
"the exam week of death   well, almost done with it   then i can call myself done until thanksgiving break "
"last exam for the week, then almost done for break!"
easy week (aka dead week)  it lives up to its name  boring week   
cold wind plus slick sidewalks creates entertaining walks around campus   
has completed two of his four exams    feeling like i aced the math one   and a solid b probably in chem 
ah   3 out of four complete   just have to work twice more and one more exam then i can be done!
just saved my laptop from utter deletion  stupid kubuntu grub
alert  facebook bug    stupid chat systems 
#^@&@$# resnet
"an overall good weekend, relaxed and got a great deal of next week's homework done  on to an easy week!"
best energy drink   ever  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=qrunxhqwazs
"running on 3 hrs of sleep, not horrible, but not good either "
these are the days i see why i enjoy college  nice weather and so many people i know outside on campus  it almost seems festive 
is coming to a theatre near you!
says it's time for red lobster  horay!
"went to see a symphonic band concert,went to a carnival,saw a movie, and more  so many great things happened today (and yesterday) "
one of the greatest facts i learned in physics 272 this semster; a sound wave is a penguin 
round and round and round i go   i'm not very good at this   
this week has been quite the ride  i wonder how the next one will go   playful 
has yet to get his tesla coil up and running   sad  sad   
"if you can read this, you might or might not need glasses "
"ditch digging, not my preferred profession "
finally brought my tuba out again  nice to clean and play it  so fun!
"the weirdest line i have ever received from a computer application  \the sun crashed into the sun  good job \"" never saw that coming """
my summer job begins   
needs to update his status 
"what a great night, learning to fence and a swing dance  simply great "
good news everyone! there is a new futurama tonight!
"ah, nice, easy day of work  only two more this week, then fun time!"
and now for a whole week off of work  yay!
1
time to go canoeing in sugar creek 
kick-ass: self e playful lanatory 
"detonation cord, apparently great for giving pine trees haircuts "
"\colorless greed ideas sleep furiously!\"" (language is such a funny thing)"""
"gravity: it's not just a good idea, it's the law!"
"is finally back into the \swing\"" of things   smile """
"525,600 minutes"
it's swing time!
cogito ergo sum 
insomnia cookie time!
dancing the night away at night train's whistle stop!
had the most epic weekend of swing dancing with whistle stop  i cannot wait until another event like that!
hiakus are easy; but sometimes they don't make sense; refrigerator 
2 + 2 = 5 ; for extremely large values of 2
"\we're encountering resistance from these babies   \"" -<propfirst> savage"""
"well, if wishes were horses, we'd all be eating steak! - <propfemale>"
"finally, all homework is done for the semester!"
"well, i have got very little studying done   "
playing civ 5  you know you're doing bad when even gandhi tells you your military is the laughing stock of the world 
getting things setup in town for next semester  fun fun   
got back to campus and had great evening before returning to classes 
mmm  tasty buffalo wild wings! i wish i could do that more often   playful 
"\we didn't start the fire\"" is now stuck in my head """
"a once in a lifetime event has occurred at purdue, it has actually has closed the entire campus due to snow "
"god used blizzard, it's super effective, purdue fainted "
"well, power out in our room    i guess that means homework time?"
caramelldansen is going to be stuck in my head all day  impossible to resist   
