f83248e7f7c6e561137d9c8471547610
to a brand new year    and decade for that matter    out with all that changed for the worse and on to changes for the better! usa! usa! usa!
"is wearing only one green sock and a speedo, standing on his roof and brandishing a firearm   "
is excited for the highlands <propmale> and music fest today    
"'s cell phone is likely sleeping with the fishes at the bottom of the chesapeake bay      getting a new one shipped by friday     if you need to chat with me before that, call cindee's phone or use facebook     "
"rollin' to minneapolis    land of lakes, butter and white people  better pack a knife    "
"is back from minneapolis  didn't have to use his knife, but did use a bottle opener     several times "
is guilty until proven innocent     
is soothing the savage beast   
"   misses the late 90's, when a 25% return on stock was a common gain    oh, back in the day    "
   hoping the mcgregor account will land at eob this month 
is wire tapping the mcgregors    
"    is having his cake and eating it, too     "
is kissing the sky     
is the beneficiary of a very welcome technicality     
is counting many blessings 
is having excel issues    but has no issue with excelling 
taco night at the sperry crib    yes!!
"knows the neighborhood, and talk is cheap when the story is good    "
cindee has come to conclusion that she wants to retire somewhere warm    alas one kink in our plans is ironed out     
"go raiders!!!!!!        straight to the bowels of humiliating defeat, that is    "
"now understands why mcdaniels was hired   but cannot understand any team that throws at champ 16 times, and 2x in the final 10 seconds   i think i just heard <propmale> phillips brain come screeching to a halt "
favorite bronco? is it still champ? <propmale>? dj? dawkins? orton?? cast your vote  <propmale>? <propfirst>?
here comes the sun       
"alas, the doorbell finally quit ringing     damn freeloaders "
"   had to bail on my trip to london  sad   - but, will go next month instead for a longer stay     smile  happy thanksgiving to all!"
world cup 2010's dark horse    ivory coast    by luck of the draw and portugal's struggles to even qualify     
thank you to all for the wonderful birthday wishes  smile 
10:15 on a saturday night    and the taps drips   drip drip drip drip drip
"lock up your daughter, lock up your wife  lock up your back door and run for your life     the man is back in town  name it "
a slang term used to discreetly refer to a man's erection  the owner of the <propmale> may or may not realize he's standing at attention - you can either try to save his dignity or point and laugh  the term is often used in the company of women or others that are not privy to its true meaning 
"talk about luck! blackberry fell out of my pocket and bounced off the rim of a full bucket of water, safely landing on the floor    sweet     "
chocolate cadberry eggs   the square mans crack     
"heal quickly, jozy     we need you in the mix "
usa! usa! usa! lightning strikes today!
lesson 101 on how to score on engerland    aim directly at the keeper 
"world\ cup, warm blanket, a fumbling english keeper    cindee is making \pancake balls with chocolate chips for breakfast     the best of days     "
"proud of the usa! to overcome 2 blown calls, <propfemale> with england and keep steadfast compsure in spite of circumstance over the final 2 games     amazing "
"today is a special day for the clan    my newest nephew was born a few hours ago  in addition, it was 2 years ago to the date that i was attacked, mauled and subdued by a vicious cougar; and i am still here to tell the tale    "
dead battery in the ride   c'mon baby charge    
is looking forward to the next notre dame shindig    how cool is it to go to yet another elementary school reunion???
very proud of my ass kicking wife for competing in the rock and roll marathon today  she is doing the 1 2 race and is 3 <propmale> in      
<propmale> beck's rendition of god save the queen    wtf?
"rapidly, the rapids will score with rapidity     "
"in copenhagen with my wonderful wife, first to dinner and then to the globe <propfemale> pub to watch <propfemale> rock casbahs     "
headed to mile high to watch our beloved broncos with my pops     will keep an eye out for illegal taping     
are there any notary public folks on my friend list? or     a kind referral to someone who is     ?
"congratulations to my sister <propfemale>, who kicked ass and took all names at the weight loss challenge! 1st place, most pounds lost  bam!!"
wow    thank you to all for the wonderful birthday wishes!  smile 
v cast song id   the coolest app ever put on a phone  ever 
and ever      
does anyone have a good reco for <propmale> based lasik outfit? ophthalmologist preferred     
