210a9395b19685dc48f1f63fc81abe67
"getting a divorce, but im ok"
"who wants a tattoo design? let me know and ill draw one up, there is a small fee, but seriously, a small fee"
    i just want to sleep my days away   
raaaawwwwrrr    im a bat  lol
"if i were to go to collage for a job, what do you think i would get a carreer in?"
well the college visit was fun!
work is ummm    w e and i want this dammmmmm divorse already!
i never knew how long system restore took  my poor lapto    but its getting better!  smile 
"yay another interview, hope this one is a go getter, if not  keep on tryin    "
"yay i finnaly put up new pictures, including my awsome pumpkin carvings  lol"
"how much do voice lessons cost? i really want to try it out  i'm tired of holding it in, i want to sing aloud!"
i am thankful for being able to be with my family and life as it is  sure life can always be better but its going well right now  i thank my boyfriend for always being there for me and  treats me with respect which i appreciate  hugs for everyone and i hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving!
ahh! its snowing!
"if anyone knows someone selling givings away puppies, please let me know  i want one <propfemale> bad"
anyone know of any puppies for sell?
"last of all, i will now close by telling you that i need this person who takes over my responsibility to come along quickly, because otherwise i *may* have to take him her to the pound  i probably won't, but that threat is sure to scare someone into hurrying up and taking over my responsibility "
"  and was never spayed neutered  and make sure it gets premium food and all the things it deserves, but i am too selfish to even continue to care for it  and remember, this is a commitment- you better not take it and then change your mind ever because only i can do that  now that i dumped him her on you, he she is too traumatized to ever face that again "
"i just don't want it anymore  but you should want it enough to help me recoup my original purchase price   now, i hope you'll take it right to the vet, because he she is behind on shots"
"besides, everyone knows that you can tell a person who's taking your pet to be a test lab subject by whether or not they'll shell out $50  if my pet is purebred, i will likely try to charge you hundreds  because i spend hundreds and this is a very valuable pet "
"oh, and i think you should pay a fee to show you're capable of buying cat food  and plus i spent money on it 8 years ago and heck i can get a few boxes of diapers for the baby with that cash"
"now let me tell you how sweet, lovable, and darling he she is  also, allow me to fail to mention that he she has a urination issue when scared, or he she eat sofas, etc "
"anyhow, since this process will be very upsetting for my formerly precious pet (and because i may feel an inkling of guilt) i want the adopter to give it a home where there are no other pets, so it doesn't have to share your affections (even though i've been ignoring it for months) "
"now about my pet  i've had it since it was a kitten (or pup, or egg if reptilian) and now it's middle aged, the age no one wants to adopt, but didn't you see- i need someone to take care of it "
"anyhow, i don't want my pet anymore  oh wait, that sounds every bit as selfish as i am  i mean, i can't keep my pet  yeah, that's it  oh allergies- yes, i suddenly got allergies  no one will question that "
"i wanted a pet, so i got one  but i am tired of taking care of it, and paying for it  i might even be moving, in which case i would have to pay a pet deposit or spend an extra 30 seconds planning how to take along my pet  maybe i decided to have a baby or get a boyfriend (or girlfriend) "
maybe the following will make everyone realize how rediculous some of these posts are  please be responsible and dont get a pet if you dont plan on loving it till its death
i found this on craigs list lol
puppy puppy puppy  where are you chosen one?  lol  yes sitll looking
i got a puppy! its a pug  and he is 10 weeks old
i love my moose
wish me luck!
i want to go to a dance club sooooo bad
i also want to go to a kareeokee bar uber bad  ugh!   sing sing sing yes   lmao
"dance club sun night around ten  at either the venue or club 10, maybe both  its a friend of mine's birthday and the more the merryier  let me know if your interested so i can keep you updated on the plans  !"
dance club this sunday  around ten  let me know if your interested  ill give more detail!
"dance club this thursday! at the complex  18+ is $10  21+ is $5  starts at 9 surprise 0pm to 3 surprise 0am  address= 3515 chouteau ave  st  <propfirst>, mo 63103  their number is 314-772-2645  let me know who is going!"
sorry sorry  its on a friday not thursday
p90x is no joke  yay for weight loss!   ?  lol
im so happy about my new hair colors  woot! lol
well my hair style lasted 3 days  the blond is already pink  im not happy
im tired of getting lawnmower bruises 
i hate it when people hit my truck  w e >(
oh so freakin tired     surprise '    thats a picture of me yawning  lol
videogames i miss you so!
i wonder what is in an epic meal  i keep asking and i just have to sit here and wait  all i know is that there is pasta noodles involved  hmmmmmm
im thinking of a faux hawk  no one can stop me  only tell me which one would look best  ha!
"and its #1 for the win! (also because people think either the hair styles are stupid and horrible, and     no one else has commented)"
sick and tired of not knowing the name of the song im trying to find!
oh videogames    how i love you <propfemale>!
ahhhhh burnt <propfemale> self on chesey filled hot dog  why you do me like that hot dog  i love you
"oh yeah mass effect and oblivion! you rock my gamer world  no no no, masterchief you are still my number one  i love that spartan  lmao"
wow! dungeons dragons heros; how i missed you so   
aaaahahahaha i love techno  i want to go to a dance club and dance it up with my best friends  ill even trade it up with going to a karokee bar! lol
"in what game do you think that you might die of boredom inside a slow a** elevator? answer, mass effect  correct!  ahhhhh! go go go theres a fire     go!"
why does it have to be rocket science to look for someone on freakin facebook is what i want to know  !
"join \i'd go gay for gandalf\"" please  lol"""
another hard day of work in orange   sounds like a book title and the genra should be horror  lmao
oh no i have a war breaking out with my favorite smells old spice and axe  who will win!
i feel   tummy hurt  ;0   but not as bad as earlyier     smile 
go dj tiesto! i love his music!
i eated you carrot  u delisious!
the only problem with wanting to learn many different things is remembering how to do them all 
going on vacation for four days  going to see my mom! illinois here i come  only a 4-5 hour drive  excitement!
i want to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help with clean up  who wants to join me! let me know if you want to join me   maybe umsl college will help me too 
"i\want to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help with\clean up  who wants to join me! let me know if you want to join me \maybe umsl college will help me too "
your capacity to believe will determine what you get 
"people will pass up steak once a week for crap everyday  hahaha thank you \'<propfemale> arcade'  for this lovely quote "
iwant to see how to plan a trip to the gulf to voulenteer to help withclean up  who wants to join me! let me know if you want to join me maybe umsl college will help me too 
i love when you wake up at three in the morning and then you cant fall asleep     sad 
yay for thai pizza!
"you rock my gaming world \steam\""  cuz i shur do love discounts"""
three days till the big move  im really not excited about lifting heavy furniture  lol
"wow, moving sucks horribly  thank goodness its over  well   no i have to unpack   sad "
just when you think or done   your not
"i don't know if im crazy but, i don't like being bored  lol"
"i want to sing, the i hate sun  song! who is with me?!"
"i'm going to celebrate my birthday on the 3rd of september  at the island bar on manchester, around 9 smile 0-10 o-clock  bring cameras  video recorders, smiling face, and have fun "
yay my b-day is coming!
"the island bar\14560 manchester rd \\                ballwin,\                mo\                63011\time: 10 surprise 0pm\september 3rd\my 22nd b-day\see you there"
oh my! that was such a great party! i thank you all for coming 
great  i have to close and i go to school in the morning  why do i even tell my job these things if they are just going to ignore it 
"my eyes are burning, does that mean im tired?  answer= yes  lol"
i need new glasses mines are all scratched up? maybe that and some contacs  oh wait how much is that again? lol
"this is for anyone\come to shmitts bar on the 17th\located on <propfemale> (or is it ashby, im really sure its on <propfemale>  ill do a double take )\at 10pm\let me know if ur coming \i hope to see you there!"
"party!\at schmidts bar\on page\at 10pm\(right past woodson if your coming from 170)\see you there \(   no cover charge, bring id    )"
all right! hope to see people tomorrow at the bar! its going to be a blast!
"even tho our place (schmidts bar) didnt work out, because of my horrible planning  (karaoke on sat only) we went to houdini's  not bad, but i still love the island bar! thanks to everyone who showed up  i had fun!"
wow! thanks storm  i really wanted to go to sleep    frowny 
i wish i loved being confused because it happens all the time
"sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down "
what should i be for halloween? tell me your ideas!
"sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down "
"you don't even know!!!sharelocation:the complextime:9 surprise 0pm saturday, october 2nd"
hurt my finger today at work  6 stitches and they put a hole in my fingernail to ease the pressure  i was moving beams on a bay end the beam slid down the bay as my finger was resting on one of the many squares  took all the skin off my  fingertip and was pushed up to my nail  my nail is black and they almost had to remove it  ugh hard to type with one finger
if you look in my injury folder and click on the pic that looks orange and out of place it e playful lains the story in more depth
i need ideas! halloween costume  what should i be?!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow really school  you wont let me go to school but you wont let me quit either  c'mon!
"candyland is on nov 6th at the complex annoyed http annoyed  www facebook com event php?eid=122729897779786\\and booty halloween is october 23 at the koken <propmale> factory annoyed http annoyed  www stledm com yaf_postst75_sat--102310--4sho-presents--booty-halloween-7-bass-in-space--koken---18 aspx\\i'm stoked! much love, doll~\candyland 2!\share\location:the complex\time:9 surprise 0pm saturday, november 6th"
thanky <propmale>  im using ur song for a school project  lmao
yay i'm getting my stitches out!
makin <propfemale> halloween outfit  wish me luck  woot woot
ok its not a techno woodland elf but a raver woodland elf  lol
off to clubbin i go  wish me luck  i hope for it to be awesome 
"yay, my room is half clean thanks to <propfemale> my roomie  i cant wait till my room moves from more that half livable to fully livable  lmao"
im going to carve a pumpkin!
i love you halloween
yay my pumpkin  hes a from a magic card  nerd
i should not be up  oh how i hate home depot and its schedules sometimes
when will the drama just die and whither away into nothingness  that will be a perfect day 
its really hard to do homework or read when one of your eyes is dilated 
i really like apple chips  mmmmmm
heck yes! clubbin tomorrow night  i love you techno  lol
"yay! i (so far) didn't need to buy a new lap top! alllllll thanks to my b f  \whew\"""""
"heck yes to interdependency status for financial aid, it only took almost a whole semester  thanks umsl   "
yay! i got a new lap top that doesnt suck 
"r i p  grandma, i love you "
ddo here i come!  hurry up and load!  (dungeons and dragons online) wish me luck!
hahaha level 3  oh its so sad  but so far i'm liking ddo
"woot, in a guild with my friend and its awesome  lol nerd i am"
"ugh, i do not like using data bases to find info i can find faster on google "
"wow, the kinect for the 360 is awesome! i love playing the dancing game  my new favorite"
"well\ i finally lost my fingernail, not really how i wanted it, especially \not when my finger hit the door as i was leaving  (it was as if i was trying to use my nail to close the door)   sad   friggin hurt  and \now my finger went back to looking creepy  lol"
thanksmas was good  i love family traditions  lol
"now if i only had a spell to get rid of stress, oh and get paid without having to work! lmao"
"im only happy when it rains, pour your misery down on me - garbage"
"im only happy when it rains, pour your misery down on me,- garbage (this is how life tends to feel, to bad we cant actually be happy when sh** comes pouring down on our lives) ps  sorry this sounds emo  lol"
yay for workout time   right?  lol
so tired and yet so much work to do  arg
thursday is last day of the semester  woot! i cannot wait to actually have a day off  sucks to not of had one in 4 months
wishing i could get out of this funk i'm in 
"wow i just finally finished my research paper, then have to wake up at 4 to go work out at the gym and then go to school  such is life   "
"tomorrow is going to be a buisy day  i hope to get everything done, and still have time to see my cousin  (cross my fingers)"
"first day off in four months  what to do!  oh, bills    lmao"
interesting      
i thank my b f for the awesome dragon necklace i wanted and some kick a** earings to go along with it   smile   <propfemale> x-mas
yay! i love singing! if i had 3 wishes one would be to sing professionally!
<propfemale> x-mas to everyone!
"don't forget, the 8th is when we dance  who's with me!  lol"
the upstairs lounge and the complex are having things go on the same day  i'm going to try and see both  are ya with me?!  for those younger than 21 i believe the complex is best for you since the upstairs lounge is 21 and up 
the upstairs lounge and the complex are having things go on the same day  i'm going to try and see both  are ya with me?! for those younger than 21 i believe the complex is best for you since the upstairs lounge is 21 and up  im thinking of hitting up the complex first  hmmm lol
ok party people! i'm going to the complex first and then the upstairs lounge  both of them are $5 dollars to get in  complex is 18 to enter 21 to drink and the upstairs lounge is 21 to enter  the complex is the polar bear bikini bash and the upstairs lounge is playing dubstep techno  they are both on the 8th of <propfirst> starting at 9 surprise 0 please let me know who wants to go so i know to find you
"electronics fear me, friction and electricity love me! i don't love them back, i do love electronics  oh how horrible the circle of pain is  they call me zapperella!"
"well i just got off work, wasn't too bad, but im super tired! good night"
<propfemale> thank you so much for telling me to see tron  it was awesome!
karaoke this weekend! woot! im excited  if any one wants to go (saturday) let me know!
"if the weather is super crappy we are going to go to houdini's bar instead \\ 9517 lackland road\overland, mo 63114\(314) 890-9315\\but for now we are still set on going to the island bar\\the island bar at 9 surprise 0\14560 manchester rd\ballwin, mo 63011-3933\(636) 527-9790"
"if the weather is super crappy we are going to go to houdini's bar instead \\9517 lackland road\overland, mo 63114\(314) 890-9315\   \but for now we are still set on going to the island bar\\the island bar at 9 surprise 0\14560 manchester rd\ballwin, mo 63011-3933\(636) 527-9790"
time to get ready and go! fun fun fun
o wow! had tons of fun at the island bar  hope to get more people to come next time  eating at that breakfast place afterwords was the most hilarious and embarrassing thing ever and it was great  hahaha
being sick sucks!
omg my halo jacket is broken  im sooooo freakin saaaad!
it would be super awesome if i could go back to sleep  i mean   like    c'mon  what is this!
"why in the world does my western <propmale> teacher want to skip the medieval times  i want to learn it, see the awesome nesssss!"
