68f99f1911d085ff77cd87dfdd7f95b0
so stressed!!! everything is coming up so fast except for disneyland!!! it's taking forever to get here  sad 
so    i really highly dislike california weather people  they are never right!!!! it is really fustrating 
ummm     
school almost over    i should be sad     but i'm not   smile  lol
counting down the days until i walk across the stage and get handed a slip of paper that i've worked 13 years to obtain  it's a little anti-climatic   sad 
so is that assembly tomorrow optional???
this is going to be my last full week of school  yay!!!!!!!!!!!
"it's required, but you have no more???? confusing!!!!"
i finally have a dorm   smile 
disneyland tomorrow!!! yay!!! super excited   smile 
disneyland was fun   until about 4am     then it became overwhelming    there were sooo many people     smile    
sick of all the slowness of everything  no one has their sh*t together  fustrating    
lifetime has somehow always has an answer  lol  smile 
saw midnight eclipse with <propfemale>  it was entertaining and hectic all at the same time  lol   smile 
watching eclipse in imax    the screen is so big  it's amazing 
last week in cali   
sitting in the car with <propfemale> talking about random stuff   
at the airport  watching people making a music video  lol
i am in alabama until christmas   
ua campus is super huge    how am i ever going to be able to navigate through it?
it has finally hit me here at orientation: i am no longer in high school   
knowing not one person at orientation sucks    the worst is over though    i didn't fail my math test  woohoo   smile  i'm in college algebra 
so i got lost going to school today    i wasn't even in tuscaloosa anymore 
and the job search is on   
it may just strom again   
watching super old music videos    brings back memories   smile 
got an interview on monday    
alabama has no regular ice tea anywhere  its always sweet tea    ugh 
fried pickles and wickles  very interesting 
i have another interview tomorrow   smile 
everyone out here thinks that i am 14!!!!!! lol 
the power is out  gotta love thunder and lightening storms  lol
tax free days are very interesting  lol  smile 
moving day in tomorrow!!!
moving day is tomorrow   smile 
move in day   smile 
soooo bored 
classes start tomorrow   smile 
i have a two mile walk and i'm getting rained on  great 
this whole thing seems way to easy 
i love english teachers that let us out twenty minutes early from class   smile 
i never knew san <propfirst> state had a football team 
"i love how it is getting hotter in ca, but getting cooler in <propmale>  lol  smile "
it is soooooooooooooooo hot 
grrrrr  i highly dislike math   sad 
done with classes  now just waiting to go see bone thugs n <propfemale> at greekfest 
school with a sore throat = not fun   sad 
so i'm sick and lossing my voice  oh joy 
alabama vs san <propfirst> on saturday  first game of the season  it's kinda a big deal 
no classes until wednesday  first game tomorrow  i'm excited   smile 
alabama won!!!!! 48-3 san <propfirst> sucks!!!!
i must catch up on my reading!!!!!
espn is now at school getting ready for tomorrow's huge game  alabama vs penn state  i wish i was going 
4am waffle house run after bathrooms flooding out of control 
"some people are so closed minded  your beliefs may be different, but there is no need to disrespect that them    so rude "
i need a job    fast 
must study 10 chapters of anthroplogy 
this anthroplogy book just reapeats things over and over again  ughhh    
roll tide!!!!!!
speechless   
r i p kwame nunn
ready for the step show   smile 
four free t-shirts in 40 minutes  gotta love college 
41-10! we are finally coming back! roll tide roll!!!!!!
we have a severe tornado warning it is 10 <propmale> from my school!!!!! this is not ok 
finally done with that essay   smile 
i just witnessed history   
what to do    what to do   
i finally found them!!!!!!!! sooooo made my day!!!!!!! smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!
cali in one week     smile 
anthropology final     why must you be an hour earlier than the regular class???
finals = complete  smile 
packing is soooo stressful  sad 
vegas    next stop cali     smile 
it's snowing!!!!!!
this essay   
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
