91cb4cc7343a5b1c10be54d8cccc3582
ow  i fell down the stairs again      
i'm so sleepy  why is it that i never seem to get enough sleep? sigh
"sigh, it annoyed  so different being a sophmore  powerful!!"
"heehee, i figured out facebook"
"ugh, i have church school tonight          "
"sigh, what a day   "
"tomorrow is psats, blah"
oooh homecoming's gonna be fuuun!!!
"heehee, im typeing on my new labtop!!!! hahahahaha, beware!!"
but im sick     phooey
"ow my foot hurts, stupid stairs!!!"
yay! another year
my stupid phone is broken! ahhhhh
"i got a new phone! i wish i have photographic memory, cause i dont remember any of my contacts    "
oh gosh  ben-hur is a loooong movie!!!
"sigh  i think i broke my labtop again  technology, why must you hate me!!!"
"heehee, i just drove to publix, and back!!"
the snow makes my dogs all white    so cute   
i hate homework with a fiery passion  that's life i guess   
why must the stairs hate me??
my sister got in 2nd place because of one question! curse you crews middle!
i feel like homework is destroying my brain instead of strenthening it     
has newfound coordination issues
gosh my grades     
"is writing a book  no, wait, make that the best book ever!"
oh my! hungarian dance is being used in a commertial! i just saw it! woah   
has to wear her braces for another 7 months     geez! that just sucks!
has to keep her braces for another 7 months    geez! that just sucks!
happy early birthday <propfemale>! have the bestest one ever! i loves you!!!
happy early birthday <propfemale>!! make it the bestest year ever! i loves you!
hppy birthday <propfemale>!!!!! have the bestest one ever!! i loves you!
do any of you guys ride bus 33?
do any of you guys ride bus 33?
gosh bowling was fun yesterday
going to new jersey! 17 hours in a car with my sister    
"gosh, in <propfemale>  5 hours to go!"
glad to be almost home  the funeral was sad  sigh  i'm going to sleep 
had an awesome birthday party! i'm gonna go eat some cake!
just got confirmed! whoohoo!
just gotconfirmed! whoohoo!
learned a new magic trick from my grandpa  i'll show you guys tomorrow
whoohoo going on a trip tomorrow!!
one of the deliquents on my bus was arrested for throwing something out the window  it cracked the windshield of a car  i told u they're deliquents!
studying for math  brain combustion
"hey guys, my mom's in work friday  can one of you guys take me to the park?"
"ur more likely to be struck by lightning, then attacked by a shark  unless ur a seal that is"
i failed      driving is not for me    
i failed      driving is not meant for me    
passed out earlier today  busted my lip on something  owie
is going to disney today! whoohoo! exciting!
im home!! yay!
just watched shutter island  so sad   
"my friend has an eating disorder  im really scared that i cant help  but im reading up on it   i loves u all, but everyone should love themselves too "
is boorreedd!!
"really, really hopes she passes the test tomorrow!!!"
got my lisense!!!!!!!!! whoohoo!!!!!
havent been sleeping well lately  sigh
anybody have lunch 4b?
is nervous about riding the deliquent bus monday    anybody else ride 65?
is sooo nervous about tomorrow!
my phone broke     in half    
just saw <propfirst> pilgrim  it was epic
now has a new phone! come and text me people!
wishes she was a math genius  unus et duos  equals 5?? sigh
is in love with 500 days of summer
"just broke a string  ouch, my head"
"awa was sooooo much fun yesterday!!!\even more in love with vic~"
cut her hair and got 2 red streaks  pink was too much trouble
is mad at <propmale>  i am not a marshmellow!
has a hurt mouth  i desperately hate fillings with all my passion
is at a hotel in <propfemale>!
is back home!! yay!
went to dali's exhibit today  his mustache is extradinary!    smile 
saw tangled today  it was sooo cute!!!! but it was freezing outside so i wore my hat!
school is closed tomorrow too!!! yipee!
whoohoo!  school is yet again closed tomorrow!
whoohoo! friday with no school!
is getting her braces off in 6 weeks (hopefully!)
is eating a muffin-doughnut  delicious
we won district one reader's rally!!  whoohoo lit chicks!
