1f1b270a5cdda708d774c09b973d08eb
currently very sad for the passing of <propfirst> roof and my prayers go out to his family in their time of need 
"hoping for a beautiful, <propfemale> weekend so we can take the bike out for the poker run!!"
"\love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place \"" ~ <propfemale> neale hurston"""
buying a house is a pain in the rear!!!
"going to the lunatic assylum in <propmale> tomorrow night   may not come back! (insert evil, maniacal laugh here )"
the lunatic assylum wouldn't keep me    
happy today is friday!!!
"stressing about my bright idea to do a massive thanksgiving dinner for at least 8 people!! and being very thankful for my life, my friends, and my family!! happy thanksgiving!"
i really need to get some good solid sleep before i get myself into some trouble 
trying to get into the christmas spirit somewhat  pandora christmas channel is helping 
i passed my exam!! i am now a certified diabetes educator!!!! whoohoo!
<propfemale> christmas to all of my friends and family! love you!
"i hope everyone as a healthy, happy new years! may you be lucky enough to spend it with someone you love!"
"ok <propfirst>, here you go   according to urbandictionary    (1) uncannily fashionable girl who breaks hearts and eats them for breakfast  (2) an <propfemale> girl"
nothing is on my mind   because it is fried 
i am way to young to be suffering from c r s !!
passed the test   going to <propmale> for weight loss management conference wednesday!!!
"back from <propmale>  enjoyed the shopping, the food, the conference was ok, but i am thrilled that i got to see dyora! brings back fun memories of high school and japan!"
can't wait to watch <propfirst> <propmale>'s food revolution tomorrow night!!!!!
is hoping that dealing with the insurance company and dmv will go at least halfway smoothly so my hubby can ride the bike this weekend    
"is wondering what happened to the nice, summer-like weather?"
says it doesn't matter who's telling the truth       people will only believe what they want to hear
"  how you treat me is your <propfemale>, how i react is mine "
"i would like to report a theft, my weekend has been stolen! i saw it early friday afternoon, then turned around and it was gone  "
thinks her guardian angel is on dope
wishes she had the energy of her new puppy!?!
says its not so clever to follow in my footsteps  i'm well known to walk into things!!
knowledge is like knowing that a tomato is a fruit   wisdom is knowing not to put it in your fruit cocktail 
is drinking coffee for your protection   
"if you don't tell someone you love them today, then they may never know, as tomorrow maybe just to late !!!"
whoever decided that a one inch mars bar should be called 'fun size' needs to seriously re-examine their standards for entertainment 
unfortunately has not become a millionaire over the weekend     and thus as of this morning has returned to work!
"\tired\"" is an understatement   \""half dead\"" is a better way of putting it!"""
"just when i was getting used to yesterday, along came today   "
"if you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more  if you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough "
sad   
"\what lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are <propfemale> matters compared to what lies within us \""   thoreau"""
someone told me that had a dream about me last night and i was wearing a bikini   i told them it was really a night-mare and they may really need some psychological help after that image!  wink 
thinks that drinking coffee gives her the ability to do dumb things faster and with more enthusiasm 
ooohhhhh!!! lovin' the mobile upload thing! i am gettin' all high tech and junk!
"thinks it's not what you have in your life that counts, but who you have in your life that counts "
on the way to see sister <propfemale> in roanoke!
loved sister <propfemale>! they were awesome and one of the best bands i have seen live 
one thing you really need to remember about karma--no matter where you are in life or what you're doing--she will come to collect her debt 
ever notice that the people who claim to hate drama the most are the ones usually creating it or passing it around?
the greatest value of having good people around you is not what you get from them but the better person you become because of them   
is extremely blessed to have such amazing friends all over the world 
dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you
's halo is held up by two horns   mwahaha
is raising the white flag and waving frantically  now take me to my padded room so i can have a vacation!
it's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life   ~rita rudner
"\a true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked \"" \",1f1b270a5cdda70 laugh 774c09b973d08eb,never try to baptise a cat   it is not pretty  ouch!
always thought that a bag of hershey kisses was a single serving   
"today's forecast: slightly drowsy at first but with increasing hyperactivity later, due to high levels of caffeine "
i wanna know who is supposed to be in charge of monday    it came along and ate my thursday!
"to whomever put the crack in my coffee this morning, please come back   i need some more  it is wearing off!"
"keep smiling, it  freaks people out!!"
"is at work, currently taking a lunch break and catchin' up on the facebook posts "
"damn, damn, damn   now a trip to icu  keep praying everyone, please!"
please keep my grandad in your prayers  thank you all!
"as far as i know, grandad is still in icu  hopefully in the next day or two they will move him out to a regular room  thank you to all of those who have prayed "
wish my mother would call and give me an update on grandad  i am so worried and scared that if something happens i won't be able to get there in time 
nothing else they can do for grandad  we will be heading there after work  thank you for all of your prayers and thoughts 
grandad is off the vent breathing on his own right now but it is so hard to see him this way 
grandad is now in a hospice house and we are on our way home  for now 
grandad passed away about 5am this morning  i am an hour out of <propfemale> feeling kinda numb  guess i'll be on my way back down to fla in a couple of days 
"i pray that grandad understands why i can't be at his funeral today, and that the rest of my family understands as well  you were a good man, a spactacular grandfather, a wonderful father, and an exceptional husband  i love you and miss you grandad "
life so sucks sometimes 
"knew she was getting sick  confirmed today at work  not the flu or strep, but a crappy virus  got a fever and i'm freezing  off to home i go to bury myself in the bed "
thank you all for the get well wishes  tamiflu is the bomb! knocked it out in 3 days!
i like it on the dining room table!
gotta love having your birthday off and your fiancee's band playing that night   ready made party!
thank you all so very much for the birthday wishes  i am so blessed to have you all in my life 
i get half a day off today   i am going to take a nap!
i am so tired of hurting this bad  i will be insisting on surgery 
why do people bother with the er  hughe waste of time 
is hungry 
very disappointed in the steelers 
i think surgery is going to be a godsend!
glad the work week is over  going home 
surgery on monday! finally! woohooo!!
is drugged up and tired from surgery 
getting around a little better today  but it is going to be a while yet  having to sleep a lot and still having a good bit of nausea  thank god for jello and apple juice 
thankful that i can enjoy the winter wonderland from the comfort of my couch 
today is not such a good day   recovery is a rollercoaster sometimes 
this year has been a miracle from god  happy birthday jesus  i hope everyone has christmas blessings as wonderful as i have  thank you to all my friends and family  i love you 
"announcement to all friends and family: my name has changed, it is now <propfemale> v  groves  we got married today at 1pm!!!!"
thank you all so much for the congrats and well-wishes!
