a0bff1a3141d8752e4573b6331ab69db
digs the armed-ness 
"decisions, decisions "
epsom salt   mmm 
"solid swyc, audioverse it "
looking at the <propfemale> line up tomorrow  will be a long day   sure to be a good workout i presume 
thanks for the birthday wishes poopstas! love you all  wink 
sleep 
thanks a million guys!  wink  you're all winners in my book 
wow   feelin perty loved on the ol facebook here   smile 
ran a good race  mmm 
i love you suze jaracz 
colorless
amazing what temporary dye can do   
aglow with a happy roomate   
check it out    loved the rojas  smile 
oh the sweetness of being with you   
"why do i doubt? is god that small? no way, no how   he is more faithful than any of my momentary monstrosities "
love this place  
always love to shabat 
the open field of flowers calls me                to join in its sweet surrender    rest  renew  restore 
"who would have thought climbing on fake rocks, hitting the spa, and getting down with the mini golf could be so delightful? haha  days well spent  smile "
soreness is a reminder that we are still alive  smile 
i'm so happy and here's the reason why   
quiet house? am i in the right condo?
got to have a bible study with my client on the state of the dead while massaging them! so awesome  smile 
just had an impromptu bible study  that was awesome 
sometimes its like trying to shove jupiter into a shoe box 
oh verizon  
the day is ended 
oh when will she show her bright eyes?
homemade good-ness 
oh how natures course can keep her up for hours  poor sissy 
"she's here! <propfemale> is amazing, a beast at that  i'm so proud of her!"
"yay neeka! everyone should go \like\"" the neeka: \""the future miss california\"" happy sabbath!!  smile """
going the distance   
my car temp read 123° when i got in   i think we're in for a scorcher 
oh the justice system 
what a beautiful day in the valley!!
back in the saddle again 
is shabating 
hey! its 10 10 on 10 10 10!
"time is trickling by, yet still the flood is near breaking "
"ikea, you tantalize me so   "
could cut through the haze and fog with a knife from up here 
quiero cantar <propfemale> <propfemale> cancion   
i love haircut days  smile 
said goodbye to <propfirst> tex today   it was a bittersweet parting 
"twas quite the long wknd of adventures!! thanks kiwi, kewi, and <propfemale>!"
thank you bundles and bunches for the facebook birthday love and wishes!  wink 
the trash can is my friend 
nothing like a good piece of corn  and the nw to eat it in  i miss you peeps!
just passed haskell street   shout out to all sanctuary students  whoop whoop 
movin and-a groovin   
appreciating 
time to trot the turkey!
thanksgiving food coma   happy sabbath   wink 
ally naus is the bestest sister everrrr! !! wink 
clippers and car show! sweet deal 
"silver bells, silver beeeeellllsss!!"
i relinquish 
has severe foot in mouth syndrome   can be deadly 
moving day(s) commence   again  yay!
happy 2 year anniversary <propfemale>! love you guys!
coming down to the final countdown   yay bevy and gabe!
on the road again 
torrential rain 
bursting through the clouds  our old friend  the sun!
shabat feliz 
oh the sweetness of   
happy to see my br<propfirst>s from <propfirst> m<propfirst>s!! whoop  whoop!
a good day to be certain  a wonderful day at that!
"a weekend of amazing family, my lovely <propfemale>, and a small army of 13yr olds  wow!"
what will it be like in a world void of darkness?? bliss  for the source of our light will never be hidden 
why do people not like surprises??
let that be enough 
why do i wait for a reply when at times it is necessary to have silence and reflection?
si se puede!
i need a back-up brain right now 
what a day  what a week  wait a tick  its only tuesday  hehe   
god bless this moment  so nice  shabat shalom 
*i shall not be moved
oh glorious sun keep shining your face! we are enjoying your benefits  smile 
thanks dr  t for the front row seats to hockey! amazing 
"\is all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream?\"" oh mr  poe  """
first run in five finger-toe shoes=success  smile 
see with new eyes  you might be surprised to realize   there is a truth without compromise 
an amazing day to be certain   wink 
contenta 
soreness=weakness leaving my body 
oh <propmale>   smile 
that was a pleasant surprise  thanks g 
happy papi birfday!
shabbating   favorite time of the week  mmmm   
silly semantics  wink 
"so let it be written, so let it be done "
oh the wonders of it all   
ally and i just spotted a car with plastic mini horses mounted to the front of it  oh man  amazing  lol!  smile  who needs tv??
wonderful day of recharge 
most amazing night of my life   laugh 
thanks everybody   story to follow   wink  just to clarify it's been a bit longer than a week that we've been dating  lol 
oh sweet blissful sleep   how u call my name  smile 
finally found my dress! whoop whoop!
