3d07702a0d89b00d9433daa53dfaa685
"lots of homework, can't wait till the weekend!!!"
i cannot believe i got an egg of all things!!! oh well  how is everybody doing?
the weekends over already!!!!
hi reb <propfemale> <propfemale>  are you still on?
i love taking quizzes but most are not worth it 
im sitting at home
lol im trying not to laugh nat really i am its just <propfemale> hard lol lol im sry broke promise
"mom seriously? mom really? wow, as i hav said no one just a freind gosh jeez!"
i got new <propfirst> <propmale> shirts     im officially content
is pure awsomeness
is really bored  im listening to country musics my favorites!!! im so happy smile 
lol weird             extremly weird
im eating! smile  as i usually am love 
going to sleep cuz theres skool tommorow sad  bye evrybody
gosh no one selped me on mafia wars wat kind of mafia do i have?
<propmale> is making me mad so im going to leave facebook         a  sad  <propmale> cox
everybody it was hilarious in choir today:everyone was tyring to get <propfirst> ryder to dance with mrs chesser!!!!!!!!  smile made me <propfemale> happy
"i was playin mafia wars with my brother just now, cant wait till thanksgiving tommorow"
happy thanxgiving everyone hope you have a great thanksgivingg!!!!  smile   smile   smile   love 
well     i stayed home from school today after tossing my cookies last night  sad  i miss everone didnt get to see my friends sad  but ill be at old fashoined christmas for sure (hopefully ill be better) sooo everyone must go to old fashoined christmas
omg i spelled everyone wrong
i went to old fashioned christmas and may have set up two of my friends  smile 
im going to church i already got all ready and ate breakfast(which amazingly included a piece of cake)
ive dicovered that i am a ninja kitteh
i posted a bunch of pics of my kitteh friends everyone needs to see them its hilarious
i put even more pics of my kitteh friends
ninja <propfemale> is sad because she is still sick   sad 
"omg i didnt officially screw up on the play!!!! (except when i was supposed to fall everyone thought it was an accident, so like everyone laughed and it was so hard to try to keep a straight face) but other than that it was alls well that ends well"
im soooo in corpus <propfemale>
cant wait till choir thing tommorow!!!!!!
"tuxedo waiters, black tie, white table clothes and red wine, we've been planning, this night, looking forward to it,for some time now <propfemale> i know you love getting dressed up, and you know i love showing you off, but watching your baby blue eyes, dancing in the candle light glow, all i can think about, is getting you home,"
"[chorus] walking through the front door, seeing your black dress hit the floor, uh <propfemale> there sure ain't nothing, like you loving me all night long, and all i can think about is getting you home,"
"i don't need this menu, no i don't, i already know just what i want, did i hear you right, did you tell me, go pay the waiter and lets leave,  now <propfemale> i know by that look in your eyes, and your hand drawing hearts on mine, that our night out of the house, ain't gonna last too long,  when all you can think about, is getting me home, [chorus]"
"well i cleaned my room yesterday  it feels so clean and empty im just not used to it at all  it took me like forever,but somehow i got it all done in one day  little does anyone know it will eventually end up again completely trashed     lol  i guess ill just enjoy it being clean for now wink "
its raining!!!!!!!!!!
"opening present tonight  rushed to stores to get last minute presents  rushing to get dinner ready now, i am so ready  p s (i got my daddy a <propfemale> pong table!)"
"going to church special at midnight, and opening presents in a few hrs im soooo excited, then we gots to pick up the <propfemale> pong table for my daddy!!!!"
"my dad already went to academy, (extremly proud) to pick up his new <propfemale> pong table  then later (at 530,to be exact) im going to spagetti warehouse with my bf and his family(i get to meet his stepdad)!!!!!! i cant wait"
my dad picked up the <propfemale> pong table yesterday ( proud as can be) and spent (however ong it took) to put it together  then my aunt <propfemale> & <propfirst> came over for a barbecue! surprise ) too much food do little time     
"2 1 2 hr drive to corpus, and then the beach!!!!! here i come!!!! pray i dont die along the way   laugh "
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia- fear of long words  the most ironic thing ive ever seen!!!
"i will be completely honesty 4 24 hrs     u can ask me any one question (only in my inbox)  any question no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is, i will answer it no matter what  u have my full honesty but i dare u to put this as ur status and see what questions u get!!"
well    mixed up emotions sort of  not sure what i feel like i wanna do  i actually feel like eating as usual   smile )))
again mixed up emotions this time it has to do with friends too   sad 
doing better then yesterday     we went to ihop at eleven!!!! hahahaha  smile 
everyone dont forget to tell gatlin&alex happy bday!!!!
"lol i think im a little kid on the inside, i still like stuffed animals, i still sleep with a night light, can't sleep without my favorite baby blanket, and i just bought some light-up shoes    haha so am i still a little kid?"
after much thought on what word i should use to describe my feelings and or mood i came up with this: apprenhensive 
feeling apprehensive hoping that maybe just maybe something super awesome will happen     not sure yet tho   
"joke of the day:a millionaire, a hard hat, and a drunk are at a bar  when they get their beers, they notice a fly in each mug  the millionaire politely asks the bartender for another beer, then proceeds to sip it  the hard hat spills out just enough to get rid of the fly and quaffs the rest  it's now the drunk's turn  he sticks his hand into the beer, grabs the fly by the wings, and shouts,\spit it out! spit it out!\"""""
happy valentines day everybody!!!!!   love  love  love 
"i just would like to establish that i am so over zac efron    i like <propfirst> from big time rush, i put their songs on myspace   and i have my backround as a bunch of pictures of <propfirst>     "
tgit- thank god i'm texan   lol
it didn't snow today!!!!  sad  boo hoo! at least tennis practice was canceled    but i was really looking forward to some snow   oh well     crying 
"there's this dude murph kills, he killed me 5 times and stole 500,000 from me, i called a bounty and my dad got him, but then he called a bount on my dad!!!! anyone that plays mafia wars help us defeat him!!! thanks  "
my nieces b-day is tommorow! were having a party tommorow 
"going to go to play tennis with my dad, can't wait!!! <propfemale> excited  laugh "
"let's see, i sprained my ankle yesterday after skool, playing tennis, just went to the doctor today  had to limp aroind since then, in such pain since then   felt so powerless and kiddish having to <propfemale> on someone just to do or go anywhere now im powerfull! i owe it all to my new crutches!  smile "
"halo everybody! good morning      i have decided i'm going to legally change my name to \pony park\"" lol (inside joke) ( u had to be there) lol lol lol"""
going to a different church yipee!    a lil tired tho    stayed up too late playing rockband(beatles) my voice is achy   guess that's what all e playful ert singers go through when they're that good  wink 
hanging out with some of m awesome cousins    played a bunch of intense games of slap <propfirst> (not the one where you just slap a <propfirst> the other awesome one) anyway can't wait to see what else happens here in c c   laugh 
"let's see   in choir today we watched phantom of the opera i looove that movie!!!  we have a lot of science homework for once and is really hard! i ate a lot of chocolate chip cookies   i also got the lead part in this play in drama  laugh  worked really hard and i'm super thankfull  in a great mood  now to catch up on a little mafia wars  wink  also,my new phone came in yipee! i have a phone  annoyed "
did pretty good at tennis today  smile  nothing else really 
its a little to early but happy easter everyone!!!!   laugh 
"well um   let's see   we have taks tests tommorow and friday   but i am not actualy that worried i know i'll do good  iron man2 comes out this weekend, i'll have to see that (<propfemale> <propfemale>) lastly i have a region tennis tournament on saturday in kerville, super excited (except the fact that i hav to get up at  6 surprise 0 in the morning!) but still overly excited!! toodles for now! ciao!  smile   love "
lol today in drama we did our play secret admirers and everyone in the book fair and others and the entire class watched lol   it was totally awkward at the end and everybody was making fun   lol it was sooo hilarious and totally awkward   the ppl in the play could'nt help laughing   difficult to stay in character   well thats drama  smile 
"ok i got this forward on my phone and it was really good, and sad  soooo i think im going to post it "
"ahhhhh four days of school left! at my cousins house chillin' like a big shot chevy tuned up like a nascar pit stop, fresh paintjob, fresh inside  lol  jk <propfemale> dontkill me for saying that "
aahhhh!!! g<propfirst> is on today after american idol!!  i  love  <propfirst> dewyze
"yesssss!!!! <propfirst> dewyze is the american idol! i knew it  sry <propfemale> <propfirst> is just better  \its a beautiful dayyy!\"""""
finally back from c c  ready to kick back and relax for summer!  smile 
enjoys watching csi all day everyday  smile   smile   smile 
"i love when i cant think of the name of a song i really like   until finally one day i'll figure it out or find it, then i can just listen to it over and over because i can   because well now i know what song it is    which kinda sound like it doesnt make sense but in my mind it does   so that's all that matters right? who knows?"
lie to me comes on today at 7!!!!!
"ok so i got this list  it has 50 ideas of things to do this summer  my goal is to do every thing on that list by the end of summer   smile  i can totally do this  also, i have a question: would it be a good idea to have a little dress up session for my cat? i could even put pictures on facebook  comment plzz!"
did 8 things on my 50 things to do this summer just 42 things left   smile 
is going to make a collage  propably of another hot guy   perhaps one that happens to be in the awesomest tv show ever   yeah   i think i will   smile 
is going to make another collage  must be bored 
happy 4th of july everybody!!!!!!!!!! first one to say!!
"bbq today! hurray! lol that ryhmed  yeah! lots of people over cant wait   \benj is coming too!!! <propfemale> <propfemale>   smile  bliss  smile "
what do i feel like doing today?    
"hi  i just wanted to say hello to everyone   i mean, how rarely do people get to say hello \to almost all their friends and family @ once? well, i just want everyone to know i  love  u\ laugh "
what would the world be like without chocolate cake? its a trick question there would be no world without it   smile   wink 
going school shopping again  wish me luck  if you dont want school to start like my status   playful 
if you're not living life on the edge you're taking up too much space   playful 
wow thank you everyone for the super amazing awesome superfantabulisticalaciossness birthday wishes  post a coment if u could not pronounce that word lol  ily family&friends   smile  tonight i will think of each and every one of you as im stuffing my face with spagetti  hahaha  laugh 
"went to work with my dad  many people suprised i actually knew alot about everything  crazy tired, glad to be home, and hangin around to nuthin   smile  \ahhhhh life! you have to love it  love                  so, how is everyones weekend so far?"
"ahhhh back to school already    but the weekend was so nice!!!  sad \\this thursday is first choir concert in the new fine arts building yeah-ah cant wait!!! everyone it is this thursday @ 8 surprise 0 and everyones going! even you  yes you   smile  look out for me too  ill be in show choir, doing our killer dance mooves! awesomeness     !  smile  choir "
"omg,ironically i just went to the movies to see the social network  now im happily having the awesomest sleepover   ever!  love  with my bffl  smile "
"ahhhh the new glee it tommorow!! yes    homecoming is gonna be great, lol and i especially cant wait for costume day! gonna have to get my brother to dress up to somehow   <propfemale> <propfemale> sneakily!!! whos with me!!! zeek can be a hippie!!! (comment if you agree completely)  smile "
looking forward to weekend   very tired   science is hard i dont see how knowing about photosynthesis and thylakoids and blah blah blah will help us with our future jobs   
yess tha weekend!!! ughh schools finally over!   although i still kinda miss some ppl that i wont see till monday  love 
"my\mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me\succeed, seen me fail, cheered me on, kept me going strong and drove me\crazy!! moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend\forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether she's\here with you or in heaven   "
<propfemale> is the most awesome person eversssssss
"ahhhh happy thanksgiving everybodyee! umm have a really happy day and eat pie so ur brother will be left with nothing     jk i love my family   ish (im adopted) (or at least i wish) haha jk they know i love them to death  love  and to all my family and friends i sadly couldnt see today  i love you & eat pie <propfemale> <propfemale> \\ playful , c<propfemale>r for the cowboys all u jets' fans!!!!"
vacation here i come  yesss   smile 
jus schooled *cough* ej in just dance and <propfirst> <propmale> and he is moping in the room while im on facebook  ahhhh brothers  you can pwn them over and over and they'll still come back for more  when will he learn?
"feeling pretty crappy  thought i was getting better but i think im only getting worse  stupid medicine that doesnt even work!!!! > annoyed  anyway still going to c c  \please be better by then!!!"
feel like  playful - ughh stupid medicine does not work  perhaps the road trip will take my mind off of it  see ya san <propfirst>!!!
 playful  i wanna state for the record mucinex commercials do not mention how frekin close the pill is to the size of jupiter!!! i literally had to drink like a gallon of water to swallow that horse pill!!!
 laugh  having a really good day 
ahhh spending the night at friends cant wait      laugh  i miss snow though  it was really amazing    while it lasted    oh well  frosty the snowman will have to come back another day  [ooo <----snowman <propfemale> <propfemale>
with my billionaire! with <propfemale>  laugh 
three day weekend  smile 
don't know what to do today  feeling lazy   but i guess that's normal
"tiiiiired!!! yesterday me and <propfemale> actually won a match!!! and we almost won the second!!! super frekin tired tho! now all i want to do is sleep, mr kwapich needs to give us less hw and projects    what does he e playful ect us to do learn?!"
<propfemale> and uncle <propmale>  smile  let all the sarcasm begin! i love my family  laugh 
today the day is moving waaaayy too slow      annoyed 
ohh and i almost forgot to say its wed-nes-day  smile 
"sure mr kwapich, just give us another foldable, what's another 5 <propfemale> of my life to be wasted on stems, leaves, and roots!!!"
ok everyone we all need to go to the uil one act play in boerne at 3 to support my bro on his birthday  smile  we all know hes gonna do wonderful  laugh 
"awwwe i love my brother nobody could have played the conceited eros (cupid) in the play better then him smile  and on his birthday too  ha it was almost like i was proud he was my brother   haha\love you zeek!  love "
"i just want to state everyone stay off the road as much as you can, my brother is now driving! d:"
