3900254cf4248c2e0c2acd046f29d6dc
is going hunting!
broke his arm lastnight 
leaving for senior trip tonight  
is sleepn in his own bed tonite  
cant wait for the concert tonite!
is taking the sat for the last time tomorrow  
is going to ride fourwheelers then watchin the bama game
not doing so good with this paper  
bout to hit the gym up
just heard on 103x that <propfirst> is the number one name that women are attracted too  hah no lie!
everybody played good tonite  good win vs op!
won tonite  beat rel 7-6! last home game ever at fc thursday come out and watch  op again on friday
playoffs start monday <propmale> head prep at home  oh let's do it!
goin to the island to play a little ball this afternoon  gotta win this one
23 days  
goin to schoolhouse tmrw for lunch  on mr <propfirst>! haha
needs a race ticket if anyone would like to donate to this cause  
bout to do a little fishin at the lake
athletic awards tonite then last full day ever at flochrist!
only 3 hrs left of highschool! i never thought this day would come
is done with highschool! graduation is friday night then river bound  can't wait
graduation tmrw night  this is crazy
made it
headin down to the river for awhile  
going down to the beach for the day
abt to go see if we can get another 2 wins for sc! wish us luck
anyone going to the beach tonite?
game tonite in lake city its gonna be hot! again  
i don't want to one day look back on my life sayin why didn't i do all i coulda have done cause lifes too short and deaths too long and before you know it the time is gone and there just ain't no getting it back i'll trade my fear and all my pride for a life with no regrets
gamecocks won it babay!!!
last home game tonite starts at 7  see yall there!
i don't want to one day look back on my life sayin why didn't i do all i coulda have done cause lifes too short and deaths too long and before you know it the time is gone and there just ain't no getting it back i'll trade my fear and all my pride for a life with no regrets
kickin it at the beach!
final game of the playoffs  big game tonite everyone come out and see us  7 oclock at legion field!
bout to be headin for cola tryin to come back with that trophy!
"girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money"
is headin down to gville for the weekend!
up in nantahala for the weekend goin kayaking bright and early in the am
workin till 1 then headin towards the coast!
6am run tmrw  not lookin forward to this at all
usc gooo cocks! lets get to it
goin to ride 4weelers for a little while  whose comin?
bout to go right a paper for english tmrw this is gonna be great  
"me, <propfirst> kirven and <propfemale> are locked in the library  literally  great "
finished the paper now goin to bed only to get up in 5 hrs for conditioning  awesome
glad its the weekend!
"while we're talking about all of the things that i long to believe about love and truth, what you mean to me, and the truth is   baby you're all that i need  now as you close your eyes know i'll be thinking about you while my mistress she calls me to stand in her spotlight again tonight won't be alone to know that don't mean i'm not lonely i've got nothing to prove for it's you that i'd die to defend -hinder"
in the stand before sunrise then headed towards columbia for the concert  tmrws gonna be a good day!  text me if your going so i dont have to drive
lets get it usc!
big thanks to all yall for the birthday wishes  had a great one!
shoulda been a cowboy  what was i thinking
moms havin surgery in the a m  keep her in yalls prayers!
two more days till i gain 10 lbs cant wait!
"i can go out every night of the week\can go home with anybody i meet\but it's just a temporary high\'cause when i close my eyes\i'm somewhere with you"
she's the perfect prayer in a desperate hour
i possibly might have the worst add in the world     
"everything i do, i do it big  "
"life is too short so love the one you got cause you might get \runover or you might get shot \never start no static \i just get it off my chest \never had to battle with no bulletproof vest \take a small example \a tip from me take all of your money and give it up to <propfemale> \lovin's what i got \it's within my reach \and the sublime style's still straight from long beach"
dueces!!!
i dont see anything    
chillin with <propfemale> braden tonite!
<propfemale> christmas!
goin huntin in the snow  been wanting to do this for awhile!
snow huntin was successfull saw 36! now off too <propmale>
anyone got an at&t phone i can get? mine is lost in the snow
new phone send me your <propfirst>  
why so serious?
campin out then shootin some ducks in the mornin
had a great night
workin till 2 then headed to the beach with <propfemale> <propfirst> braden
on the way to see some <propfemale> and black take over!
game at 1 then coming home to get some much needed sleep
needs a good walkout song  any suggestions?
"my kind of freedom was always leavin \and i thought hearts were just for stealin \then i saw the light in your eyes this morning \and somehow i knew \i was gonna take a <propmale> with you try to see this through \so i'll be hopin you don't let me down"
chilis
way to early to be getting up for school on mondays  
got us a w today!!
going to bed  happy valentines day to my baby!!! cant wait to see you
game tmrw  let's do work!
winston-salem at 2  lets do work
great people talk about great ideas; average people talk about average ideas; small people talk about other people
leavin to get us a couple w's at aiken  
"pokin' out her lip and bitin' mine when we kiss\there ain't a fight that she can't win\that's my baby\and she's my kinda crazy"
this pollens gotta go  
"be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be men of courage; be strong \1 corinthians 16:13"
