bc34e62f1a9df7a9c7a779dfe8265705
dont puck with me <propfemale> cuz <propfemale> my heart aches! lmao
watagatapitusberry que! babyii you spaghetti
im awesome!!
lol why you keep poking me on f b ouch! lmao you know who you are
"how do? \do not walk on the grass\"" signs get there? im telling you ppl are crazy lol"""
pickney stop poke mi !!!lol
damage control
run your shit nigga lmao just housed yo shit hahahahah!
lil gal if yah nuh stop poke mi
"happy mama's daii \mi love my mummii every day not only today lol ily!"
chating it up with my bff <propfemale> whittaker
oh boy i need a man!  sad  lol
in coney island with the boo
omg it feelz good out
i am so going to get that tan i <propfemale> need todaii lol nice out central park it is     
i hope my friend <propfemale> eye get betta she sed her eye was big and fat with puss roflmao cuz i told her to wash it out with salt water hahahahahahahahahahaaaa feel betta hun
you never know how someone feels when someone close to you dies until it happen to you r i p <propfemale> whittaker i love you sooooo much you were a sister to me and i hold you dear to my heart! you will be missed  i just cant sleep cuz i cant believe  sad    crying 
    
grrrrrrrrrrr i wanna cry ppl are beating me up on soroity life for no reson i need some sister power ugh lol naw but for  real tho!
i miss you <propfemale> thompson!
you have some bad mind who nuh waah fi see you prosper but make dem <propmale> seh a good ova evil and hell fi dem st88!
lets go <propfemale>! wooooooooooooohooooooo
yo yo <propfemale> ya let mi down massi ore messi wat ever your name is mi want mi money cuz a you me bet pan 0-4 smh
"goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooal! lol go \spain"
spain and there sexy goalkeeper heeeheeeheeeheee nice save
the sun i can take but the humidity     i cant breathe
im bored inside the house who wanna talke me out lol    naw fi real tho
im miss in my friend <propfemale> whittaker r i p hun love you   
"hi there, i'm a human being! what are you?"
dam its saturday night and im home alone with nothing to do! well thats wat i get for procrastinating 
big up mi good friend <propfemale> ingram and <propfemale> empres' burnett  we on the night shift dwl
mi seh dem finally stop beat mi up pan sorority life now
haha i was fooled dam you facebook
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, well thas alright because i like the way it hurts, just gonna stand there and hear me cry, well thats alright because i love the way you lie    only rihanna"
switzerland women's soccer team suck's like omg
its sad when its the woman alone a work and pay di billz and she have a man  i thought that the man was the head  some gal need fi know dem self  how yuh fi have a man and a you ah do all the work smfh    
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhah its my b-daii happy b-day to me and my b-day twin <propfemale> empres' burnett
ahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh im 1 year older
awww i'm just so happy  nuff love to everyone that showed me love on my earth day
happy happy early birthday <propfemale> whittaker hope you have fun up there!
yup yup its about that time againg! wat time you ask? um hmmm   ~~~~>made you look! <propfemale> haha  yes im bored!
ahhh dam i feel for some ''cold stone''  sad 
unlike yay
you have to move on to move on 
i am so bored    
i'm about to find out what it feels like to watch a movie by my self!
dwl im sooo crazy the funniest thing just happen i am  on my way to the train  and i was like ''fuck thiis im going back home'' and i was all ready to go <propfemale> hahahahahaaa! silly saunie*
''sometims you need to  run away just to see who will come after you'' god will
loo? os s? s??? <propfirst> thyme no? ?u??? ??o
mi caah tek ppl <propfemale> nuh kmt!
chasing that paper but the papernaah run!
"''all i want is you now sugar, now that you're gone''"
hope and pray!
i don't mind so you dont matter or you dont mind so i dont matter    its called mind over matter!
"life is like a penis sametims up, sometimes down, sometimes hard, sometimes soft, sometimes in, sometimes out, somtimes big, sometimes small  so enjoy penis  ooops! i mean enjoy life!"
dutty dutty dutty love! wink 
"\mi life soon sort out so mi nuh worry nooo! mi naah bad mind nobody\"""""
every girl needs a <propmale> songz in there life! i know i do lol  smile 
blessed is the man who have a good woman at his side!  smile 
"proverbs 13:20   \\20 whoever walks with the wise becomes wise,\but the companion of fools will suffer harm  #bible http annoyed  j mp c4wbc5"
are you freaking kidding me! i got wet in the rain yesterday and now for the 1st time in 8 years i'm sick sick ! i'm sick  sad  i don't  feel good! i wanna cry
ewwww mummy wants me to take nyquil i hate it but ima take and go sleep i'm out
dam it's strange how ppl are jus dying its sad  thank god cuz he keep me save in my going out and my coming in! all we can do is pray! rip   
i love my mummy she makes everything better even tho more times she miserable up pan mi i love her so much wat am i going to do with out her  sad  don't leave me here
if you can't say good nuh seh bad ! kmt
i can't stand <propfemale> a girl don't know her worth and have men pulling dem  in the 4 corners of the world ah one man to mi pumpum some man need fi know dem place no i mean some gal need fi put some  man <propfemale> dem place kmt jerks !
dam its life  i feel like going mia for a long time
lol that was so funny so i send out a bunch of p m and all most every one freaked out until they got to the end dwl gotchya
oh water where did u go
jeezampeez! lol
"want   you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world, like i'm the only one that you'll ever love, cuz i'm the only who understands  "
aww men i wish f b would get a dislike button already!
if  you can't say anything good about me then don't say bad! ah god mi seh
i went to cold stone in atlantic bk and i sed to my bf it doesn't taste like the one in the city! and he sed its because they make  it with love  lmao and its the truth! only in the city they sing for us dwl       
think ima go mia    currently holding a medz!
happy thanksgiving everyone gobble gobble! he he
omg i dont wanna grow up i wanna be a kid again humph! life too rough & tough     curse u life grrrrrrr
the antidote for fifty enemies is one friend
i swear there is something seriously worng with me  i cryed for a hold 45 <propfemale> watching episode 11 of grey's anatomy smh   
i tell yah i'm really feeling the heat  i feel like jus going home i mean home home  story of my life!
"ppl want the things they can't have, but <propfemale> they get it they don't want it anymore! cuz they found something else they want  "
omg  work and more work i cant w88 to get back to bk and see me boo lol
ah ah ah ahhhh oh lard mi find one strand of grey hair <propfemale> di front ah mi head !
yo fb sucks how come nobody nuh tell me seh time ago change  my god!  the house clock a seh 5 surprise 0 & mi fone a seh 6 surprise 0 and me swear seh mi get up early until mi look  pan mi fone  smh
wow i think im losing it  cuz im sitting in the <propfemale> plaza watching music videos alone
you why do ppl have  to work evey thing shoud jus be free but only for me lol
4 more days!
yay me! i'm home for the weekend  sooooooo? wat are we doing?
i am off to work  sad  but at the end of the week  smile ! bye bk
