075114e74b70a12c2202631e0ba72e20
"i just watched the pro soccer game between the u s a  and italy on espn  the result? the u s a  lost, 1 to 3    : ("
"can anyone say \veronica mars marathon?\"""""
i am officially a brainless zombie    anyone see those hulu commercials with the aliens? yep! my brain is officially mush from too much computer time! yet    i cannot seem to stop  (?)
"oh! i am also officially being preyed upon by mosquitoes    i once read somewhere that mosquitoes prefer blondes, but that seems terribly silly when said aloud   "
"i am watching <propmale> x <propfemale>    i know that they're going to die    but i can't help wanting to watch all of the episodes    and i'm already more than halfway through    why do they have to die? unlike the original shakespearian story, i actually like the"
"why yes, it is indeed "
i am up too early!
saboten-con here i come!!!
is someone out there talking about me? i've had the urge to sneeze for a half an hour now   
"i'm in <propmale>, colorado! just came from boulder!"
"side note: when celestial seasonings takes the caffeine out of their tea, they sell the caffeine to energy drink companies like amp, red bull, and monster    just a fun fact!"
i'm at mt  rushmore!!!
"last sunday, i learned to play pool! now my mother is considering getting a pool table for us!!! yay!!!"
"i am in washington d c  and guess what? i met jordanna in the national gallery! who'd a thunk it!?! things are pretty chill over here - though not so much the weather, unfortunately; i've barely had a <propmale> to use either of the three jackets i brought with me    (a little excessive, i know)"
"the spy museum was the most awesome thing ever - i blew practically all my money there  thus, dear people, when i return to phoenix (our local sauna) e playful ect an <propfemale> with lighter pockets, a humbler spirit, and a secret spy within  good night and good luck    (note: it's 10 surprise 8 pm here right now)"
"p s  i'm on a writing roll, so i think i'll quit while i'm ahead   "
