101788be6678ddf235bace2262383709
    all i can say is damn!    i def need 2 get away   
sorry ppl   my phone is not workin so if u send a message or u call and i miss it   i can do nothin but look at it 
is screamin on the inside     wtf!!!!!
got that singin bug again    
may hit up the gym tomorrow   well later on today lol  can't really sleep   
feels like breakin' something    ugggh! anyway  probably hit up the gym later on   
is feelin kinda strange   kinda light-headed n dizzy even when i'm sitting down   
is watchin purple rain lol
is just   
is wonderin y i keep havin these crazy dreams  my mind is on overdrive   
   aww boogie! i am tryin so hard to bite my tongue    wooooo!!! they don't want it tho lol
has put the mean lady away   4 now lol  i am now back 2 bein me   humble  smile 
want's 2 stuff a balled up pair of socks in2 my brother's mouth n put tape over it cuz he keeps whistling tunes    help me help please!!!
can't sleep   this is crazy   
is thinkin bout leavin 4 good this time  once i make sure everything is ok n good 4 me 2 leave    i'm out 
is tryna gather my thoughts but my mind is everywhere    yikes!!
has felt 1 of the worst pains i have ever felt in my life   
just finished eatin and is still hungry   yikes!
loves music   it's what keeps me sane   
"\be concerned with ur character rather than ur reputation   bcuz ur character is what u really r   while ur reputation is merely what others think u r \""- unknown"""
can't stop smilin' lol   it's 2 late 4 all that now lolol
is wonderin' y i had a dream about buyin a dozen donuts from dunkin donut's   then last night had a dream that i stole some man's donut collection with all these different colors n sprinkles lol  that is sooo fat ain't it lol?
"\life isn't about findin' urself   it's about creatin' urself \""- unknown"""
"even tho i didn't have a good day i sure felt like chef girlardee lol  hooked up the breakfast with sum eggs, bacon n cheese grits  then 4 dinner i hooked up sum chicken <propmale> n garlic bread    yummy  smile "
"enjoyed herself today  i've learned n realized a few things which gets me thinkin about the stupid things ppl do 2 hurt others  other than that  the pics came out great n i also got the <propmale> 2 cop a few throwbacks lol   them jawns was mad funny  but my day was \a ok\"" """
   my mind is all over the place   idk   maybe i can sleep this off 
"hates when ppl try n come on some negative stuff   uggh! don't try n knock my happiness cuz i'm good  u don't know what goes on up in \lauren's world\""  gotta problem with it?    u know what u can do then??    kick rocks!!! lol"""
is about 2 dig in that chinese food! yuuuuumy  smile 
"   talk about surround sound  my neighbors r trippin smh  \look ppl   there is 2 much surround in ur sound!\"" sheesh lol"""
needs 2 figure some things out   
"kinda sorta has that weird feelin' again  ugggh, i hope it's nothin bad this time "
really needed that reality check today  i am sooo thankful 2 have amazing friends in my life and i love them all so much   some more than others lol jk  i love u all the same otherwise u wouldn't be in my life  smile 
had a good weekend with the fam   it's always fun spending time with fam  smile 
had a wonderful n emotional day  i am so thankful for having such a wonderful family   i love them so much  now i'm back home and relaxing in peace n quiet lol  now looking forward 2 tomorrow cuz i get 2 see my booski lol 
i would like 2 take the time and thank all of u 4 all the love n birthday wishes  i'm an emotional mess now lol  i am truly grateful n blessed 2 have amazing friends n family like you'll  so from the bottom of my heart   thank u  smile 
"   (in my deep man voice) \ahhh! i'm cold n i can't seem 2 go 2 sleep!\"""""
   i could so go for some snacks n goodies right about now  maybe i should just lay my greedy self down in the bed n continue resting  had a long crazy fun-filled new year's lol  ahhh my life o_0
"ahh   anotha restless night  smh  maybe if i listen 2 sum tunes it'll put me 2 sleep   a  keys \un-thinkable\"" is the truth lol  nite fb"""
? iaintgonebeabletodoit    icant   ijustcant ?
   now listen now listen  listen   i'm not gonna let anyone or anything ruin my mood cuz i'm focused on my focus  so far so good baby owww!!
"   ehhhh   kinda irritated n annoyed   just sick of ppl n their lies, crap n games  lp will always have her wall n guard up  not me   not today  not ever ya digz "
"\put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard \"" ~anne sexton"""
"\trust yourself  you know more than you think you do \"" ~benjamin spock"""
"\feelings are much like waves  we can't stop them from coming but we can choose which one to surf \"" ~j  martensson"""
"\everyday may not be good but there's something good in everyday \""~unknown"""
"\to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance \"" ~unknown"""
"\i live my daydreams in music\"" ~albert einstein"""
   umm i can't help that my phone want's 2 be a butt n work when it want's  it's broken n i don't know how many other ways i can e playful lain that something is wrong with it  annoyed \ gotta make some moves 2mrw tho so i can try n get it fix n get ready 4 anotha fun weekend 
"is vibin out to j s   can't wait 4 the new album 2 drop   she knows exactly how i feel  annoyed \ \slowly surely\"" on heavy rotation  luv luv luv that song  feelin a lil better   had mi madre n padre talk 2 me n calm me down some so i'm gettin back 2 bein focused on my focus slowly but surely    """
"is lookin out 4 boogz from here on out  don't like it?   ehhh   i could care less   kick rocks then 4 all i care  i'm good n i'm focused on the \future\""  yitadee  smile """
   work was 2 funny today  i'm tired n i feel nauseous   blah! possibly 2 many energy drinks ehhh   
 annoyed \
   fooey  this mess has got 2 go   asap  ugggh!
   lol uggh   so dumb and what a day smh  just a few more weeks and i'm outta here 
is about 2 go have a meeting with the shower and then the pantry with all the snacks n goodies   then off 2 <propfemale> land i go   maybe lol 
   bout 2 head off 2 work  hope it's not a long day  annoyed \
   dear heart   u suck   that is all  annoyed \
   bout 2 go for a nature walk   need some air 
"   well i guess that'll teach me 2 take nature walks at night time  broke my n scraped my finger tryna stop jojo from biting heads off   then this old goober caught me outside n tried 2 talk 2 me again smh  \look old man   i don't want u   <propfemale> had <propfemale> will n i will not go out 2 dinner with u nor have drinks with u for \""thee\"" last freakin time!!\"" ugghhh!!"""
"   easter sunday   beautiful day   with my beautiful fam   vibin out laughin, chattin n havin a good ol' time   luv days like this  smile "
  uggh!! why do i feel like this  hopefully it'll go away  annoyed \
   i am really tryin my hardest but i guess what i say or do doesn't matter  can't sleep  gonna sit in the dark and think til i fall asleep   -_-
  the ppl u care about the most   r usually the one's that hurt u most  enough is enough   
   blaaaah -_-
  ok i'm annoyed n irritated now  maybe i shouldn't of had late night delights after all cuz boogz is surely about 2 come out n give a piece of her mind  but since i'm better than that  i'm just gonna take it down  g'nite
  alright i have 2 get boogz outta here cuz she is still tryna act up lol  good morning all  i hope everyone has a great day and a great weekend  smile 
  is about 2 hit the road in a bit with my girl gabby  i get to see my right hand ness and some more wonderful friends of mines  this is gonna be a wonderful weekend  yeaaa <propmale>  wink 
"  had a great weekend! soooo much fun and i cannot stop laughing from my crazy friends lol  gabby is off the hook lol  poor \mr  chin\"" lol! good times good times   gotta do it again  wink """
  i can't wait 2 go food shoppin'   yeaaaa <propmale>! gotta do some crunches tho cuz all these snacks n goodie's is takin a nice lil toll on my stomach  ahhh lol! could wednesday morning get here any faster??? much needed me time    
  well i went food shoppin  was happy 4 a sec but then my mood got ruined   so over this bafoolery  got the boyz ready n packed  now ready to see one of the most important men in my life 2mrw   and it's only 3 of them  maybe even 2 lol  at least that puts a smile on my face  
is goin 4 a walk    
is kinda bored so i guess i'll cook cuz i'm kinda hungry lol  guess i'll make some steak  smothered in gravy with some potatoes   little fried goodness-sez with some teriyaki vegetables   mmmm yummy yummy yumm! to the kitchen!! lol
   have a few thingy things on my mind but i'll figure it out  i guess  bout 2 make me some brunch so hopefully that will distract me  keep my mind off it 4 a bit  bacon  eggs   cheese grits   here i come 
   food time is mighty fine yitadee! (in pop's voice)
   umm it is 2 early 2 argue   cuz i def don't do morning's   ahhhh smh 
"   \ohhh   why can't i sleeeeep?\"" i guess i'll just stuff my face with cheez-it's til i knock out  annoyed \"""
i'm here  i'm at my new home  let's get it lol!    smile 
sittin here waitin 4 <propmale> 2 catch the bus  this man on the stoop is givin us a free show soundin a hot mess   he is singin away   spittin all over the ppl walkin by lol   bless his lil heart lol 
   chillin chillin   been at work all day with ness actin a fool lol  bout 2 head out soon and do a lil shoppy shoppy perhaps lol 
   blah blah blah   
"\the problem is not that there are problems  the problem is e playful ecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem \"" ~t  <propmale>"""
  woke up today after a very restless night   thinkin it was all just a dream   but it wasn't unfortunately  i guess anotha situation i gotta bottle up n move on from and get back 2 bein focused on my focused  still in my zone  gotta get my thoughts back on track again   
is about 2 start writin'  so much on the brain  hopefully i don't write a freakin' novel this time   
is out with the ppls once again  yessir! lol
   hmmm interesting   
   uggh enough!! smh
   hmmm  this is beginning 2 get veeeeery interesting   
my mom saved the day  go mom!! now i just need 2 get all my contacts back smh
  weekend didn't start off 2 great but mom saved the day  spent some time with the fam at the cookout  got 2 see my loves and stuff my face all day with oh so scrumptious foods lol  yummy! gotta go 2 anotha cookout 2mrw and meet some soon 2 be family members  had shower flow  now i'm full and tired  ready 2 knock out   *sigh*
"\you have the answer   just get quiet enough to hear it\""~ <propfirst> obuchowski \",101788be667 laugh df235bace2262383709,"wishes there were more \real\"" people in this world but unfortunately it's not   it's a shame   """
is on that n t  right now lolol   
   i figured that  and thats why i continue not 2  it is what it is  gonna stay on my focus from now on like i've been doin   
is ready 4 this cookout 2 start  it's gonna be almost 10  11  maybe even midnight before we can eat   smh  food!! ahhhh!!
is tired  ready 2 leave and go lay in my bed  annoyed \
   who drops a glass bowl on their toe and sprains it? me   that's who   can't even bend it smh  now my toe really looks like a little sausage lol  ahhh   my life!
   hates when ppl swear they know everything and be just as wrong and dumb   uggh get outta here lol 
is wishin my grandma a happy birthday even tho she doesn't have fb  well at least i hope not haha   bff's 4 life lol 
  to all the real men and father's out there   happy father's day  smile 
has a sudden urge 2 punch a face in at this time of night  uggh y am i up?! ahhhhh!
   umm  i'm not in the mood 4 this   
whaaaaat?! debarge?! r u serious?! now this is my music!!
yess!! <propmale>!! love him!!
   i wanna watch love jones now after seein <propfemale> long n larenz tate   love them   that movie!!
   i keep seein pics of donuts again   i sooo want one  or two or three    mmmmm yum 
is watchin soul train  these ppl r funny lol   they jammin' hahahaa!
is still on cloud 1000 lol  ahhh hope this feelin lasts  smile  bout 2 take it down soon  pa 2mrw  gotta see the fam   oh boy hahaha 
  thank u old man 4 talkin my damn ear off n tryna skool me on life  from the time we left b-more  all the way 2 philly  my ears r bleedin now   thank u   thank u   thank u!! smh   ahh my life n the ppl i meet lol   
is glad i was able to find a dress 4 the wedding  not 2 crazy about it but i can work it hahaha! still have things 2 do and prepare 4   can't wait   feelin good feelin great lol  bout 2 tear up this fried fish tho   mmm yumm  scrump-dump-deeli-umptious lol!
had 2 turn in2 chef girl-ardee real quick n grill 4 the fam  i'm full n stuffed  now up at sesame place bout 2 watch some fireworks   can't nobody do fireworks like disney world tho!!
had a good time last nite with the fam  bein with my mom  dad  and my sisters all at once  brought back old memories  good laughs hahahaa! now at the salon gettin this big head of mines done  yaaay me lol 
ended up gettin my hair cut again today  gonna build the strength 2 rock the natural look  ahhh lol  anyway  wanna wish my big sis <propfemale> a happy birthday!! love her lil self lol 
is here at my aunt's weddin  ready 4 it 2 start  she looks gorgeous!! love u aunt <propfemale>!! yaaay lol!!
  i seriously must have a secret deep down obsession with donuts cuz i had anotha dream about donuts once again  i just need a box of donuts from dunkin donuts   half chocolate frosted  otha half strawberry frosted  on anotha note   ppl   please make sure u watch what u say or do bcuz ur actions and choice of words can effect anoter both positive n negatively   
"is watchin' \what's love got to do with it\""   can't wait 2 see when <propfemale> whoops <propmale>'s behind back! lol"""
had a blast last night hahaha  ahhh the memories! lunch with my god pappy tomorrow   that means good food 4 me!! yaaay  food food food lol!!
   ahhh p f  <propfirst>'s was on point  now i'm nice n full  still out with the god pappy  takin care of some business  more good things 2 come my way and i am most definitely ready!! gotta love my god pappy lol  yitadee(in pops voice) lol 
had an ok day with the god pappy again  got 2 see my god sis who is gettin so big n grown  ahhh i feel old now smh  now feelin like blah  gonna mellow out 4 a bit   try n rest 2 shake this feelin off   
  lolol  fb tells it all hahahaa! oh well lol   glad i have my support system behind me and on full force  now it's up 2 me 2 continue down the right path  gotta love my family n friends!!
had a nice run today  now i'm sore n tired lol  now i'm just chillin' n relaxin   gonna stuff my face soon yippeeee!!!
can't go 2 sleep and i know exactly y  uggh this sux!! watchin soul train again  maybe that will knock me out  or maybe if i try some of these dance moves on here hahaaa!!
   what kinda dreams am i havin with me beatin' up on ppl  and one of the dreams dealin' with food of course lol  wow   3 different dreams in one night  all with me fightin' n beatin' up ppl  smh   ahhhh what is wrong with me lol?
almost killed myself in the bathroom tryna get away from this grasshopper cricket thing lol  i do not do bugs  can't stand when they touch me ugggh!
threw down in the kitchen today with my sauteed chicken n carrots  yellow rice and cabbage  wooooo that girl is niceeee lolol  chef-girl-ardee yessir hahaa!!
  i have seen it all lol  what is up with these bugs out here? first i get introduced 2 these cricket things that look like big spiders   then today  i see a flying ant carrying a spider   while flying!! i would think the spider would have the ant!! what kinda foolishness   these bugsr gonna give me a good ol' heart attack smh   
"\your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life \"" ~unknown"""
family is a beautiful thing  very blessed 2 have them in my life  more patterson's poppin' out of nowhere  thanx fb lol
  hmm  if i don't know u at all  what makes u think i wanna get in ur car smh  these old pervs just won't quit lol  uggh!! bout 2 meet up with god pappy at cheesecake factory woot wooot lol 
is at the hookah lounge  this is pretty new 2 me lol  ohhh boy!!
is super tired  had a interesting day hahaa  who has a weddin reception  outside  in the hood   at a play ground  in camden lol?? it was grafitti everywhere   extension cord runnin from the church ova 2 the dj booth across the street lol  ahh my life!!
"\if you never fail  you'll never learn how to succeed \"" ~o t """
"ahhh, pretty tired but had a good time today  now chillaxin' n sippin' on some wine  ooooo yesss  smile "
hates when i start thinkin' 2 much  uggh  boy do i need a drink   wheeew lol 
"\the worst thing about bein lied 2  is knowing that u weren't even worth the truth \"" ~unknown"""
sittin here at this bartending competition  waitin 2 see my homies do they thang  go <propfemale> n adil!!
"\embrace those who love u and whom u love and rid urself of those will only bring u down \"" ~unknown"""
there's nothin better than someone who gets u  accepts u 4 who u r flaws n all  i wasn't put on this earth 2 please or try 2 impress anyone n i'm damn sure not gonna start  not me  not today  no way haha! don't like it  oh well! beat it n kick rocks  with an open toe shoe  smile 
had a great time 2nite! my first time dancin' on a bar   soooo much fun lol!
at my girl tee tee's get 2getha  gonna grub n have some drinks  oh yeaa lol 
  such powerful words stuck in my head   even after all these weeks  tried 2 ignore it at first but now i'm startin' 2 believe   startin' 2 believe that message was meant 4 me  i was supposed 2 be there at that moment in time  hmmm  feelin' very insightful right about now   
had anotha great n crazy time last night dancin on the bar lol  but this time with my girl <propfemale> n her friend <propfemale>  so much fun haha!!
  ahh  i'm so not ready 4 this cold weather  this sux!!!
is watchin ace ventura: when nature calls lol   so dumb lololol!!
*sigh*   relaxation  feelin' quite al-right lol 
you must not fathom   the f#$k i do not give   
some people smh   ? iaintgonnabeabletodoit ? lol
   my day started off rough  not 2 mention this crappy weather  now all i'm worried about is my brother gettin thru his surgery 
uggghh!!
  instead of gettin a hug as a greeting  i get punched in the arm by my mom lol  thanx mom  love u 2 lol  had a great day  now i'm tired n ready 2 rest  ahhh yesss  smile 
blah blah blah blah blaaah   fine wine time 4 me yessiree   yitadeeee  smile 
ummm   hop-off com   thank u much lol
sure can't wait for gobble gobble gobble day!! mmmm   i can just see all the scrumptious n delightful foods n goodies! scrump-dump-deeli-umptious!!(in my deep man voice) lol
   y did this old man poor his coffee in a plant  inside of the mcdonald's? then he gonna ask me what i'm doin when i get up 2 leave  smh   ppl are crazy out here lol 
   i deserve better
   watching one of my favorite movies  trading places   love this movie lol 
ay dios mio   back 2 work 2mrw  annoyed \
  real eyes realize real lies   
"   watching \i'm gonna git you sucka\""  oldie but classic lolol """
   had a great night   saw the play marriage material  very good show  got 2 meet t-boz from tlc and <propfirst> payne from house of payne   good stuff and great night  goodnight fb fam   
  y did i have 2 come home 2 this snow mess uggh?! boooo 2 this snow and yaaaay 2 all the delightful n tasty treats that i am goin 2 grub on today  mmm yumm  smile  happy gobble gobble gobble day fb fam!!
   had a good day   nice time with the fam  now time 2 chill and relax and eat some more lol  yippeeee!!
  if this ball headed weasel rat man won't sit down somewhere n stop makin all that damn noise like he rolling around on the floor smh  sheesh  i tell ya  ppl these days  gonna make me catch a case smh   
"  frankly, my dear, i don't give a damn  "
"uggh   what do u want with my life lol?\getoutmylife com hahaaa!!"
i love <propfirst> isley!!
   i could so go for a nice bowl of <propfirst>'s chilli right about now   mmmm mmm   scrumptious-ness   yitadee  smile 
thank u all for the bday wishes!! i haven't replied back 2 everyone but i will get there   gotta take a break   sooo many lol  thanx again  luv u all  smile 
"   ahhh, had a great bday this year!! thank u for all the bday luv n for those who made my day special  now ready to enjoy christmas with family n friends  hope everyone is having a good day  smile "
  the day after my bday  i end up gettin sick smh  what r the odds of that lol? just glad it didn't happen on my bday   
"  watching the five heartbeats  love this movie   anotha classic!!! eddie: \nights like this   i  i wish   rain-drops would fa-al-al-al-alll!!!\"" lolol"""
say what u mean and mean what u say  don't half a$$ nothin   
is listening 2 that new ne-yo during my fine wine time   hmmm  not bad   pretty good i may say lol  sang boy lol 
things would be so much easier if people were more honest   more so honest with themselves   
   ummm   so uhhhh   what part of hop off do u not get? the hop   or the off? lolol    ahhhhhhhhh!!!!
ahhhhh!!!
is waiting on the bestie 2 get here   uggh hurry up  i need a good laugh lol 
out of all days when i get a very important phone call   my phone wants 2 act a fool n keep droppin the call  ugggh  it's the devil i tell ya  the devil!!
doesn't give a rats booty   *walks away with special finger in the air  wink 
   *sigh*   a lot on the brain! o_0
party at my god pappy house lol  these old folks r funny  my god pappy had one 2 many lol 
wants to wish my mother a happy birthday  i already serenaded her with my fine tunes n singing skills lol  on my way to harass her now lol 
  church was good today  mt  sinai was poppin today lol  my grandma killed that high note in the choir lol  now bout to grub on these fine foods 
this snow sux!
is listening to my old school jams on pandora   something 2 ease my mind with all of the bafooleries going on in this world today lol  #stopthefoolishness
"   man, i sure hope this scratchy throat goes away and doesn't progress smh #iaintgonbeabletodoit"
the things u notice and find out on fb   even when ur not trying smh   #hotassmess
sitting here tearing up these bar-b-q sunflower seeds   mmmm mmm   almost done the bag =p
ready for the baby shower to start so i can eat up all these good foods lol  mmm yummy  smile 
"getting real tired of junk mail people keep sending in my inbox and stop sending me those damn invites knowing full well i do not live in the area anymore  whew, glad i got that off my chest   #thatisall"
"ohhh, somebody on this train is eating chicken wings with hot sauce cuz i can surely smell it  please don't let me find that person cuz i will jump on them and take those wings  help me jesus!"
   just finished cleaning out my friends list  still more to go tho  sinuses acting up  hurts to even move my freakin' eyes man lol  gonna lay down and rest for a while smh   
umm  definitely didn't know that my aunts choir sings back up for <propfemale> adams and was at the taping for the bet honors  i tell ya  my fam always has me out the freakin loop lol  always the last to know stuff smh   but gooo auntie   woot wooot lol 
is welcoming my nephew into the world! congrats to my sis and bro-in-law! welcome baby chase  yaaaay lol  smile 
lol at some of these people on here lol  ahhh some need to be deleted lol  back to work i go!!
ahhhhh my famous salmon patties and specially seasoned corn   so scrumptious! ohhh how i love to cook and eat lol  yuuuummmy =p
still finding more of the patterson fam on here   keep it coming   gotta love the fam!!
*sigh*   sooooo tired  annoyed \
"look here  if your clearly in a relationship or clearly involved with someone  stay the hell out my inbox  don't come at me talking bout u wanna get to know me and u don't have any damn friends and what not  uggh, some men disgust me!!"
back to work! money money money moneeeey!
grrrr   i hope this piece of glass comes out my finger  it's annoying the crap outta me ='(
ski trip with the chil-ren's and still getting paid yitadee lol 
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!
i had the best <propfirst>'s day ever!! great times  yeeessss! yaaaay me lol =p
pay day tomorrow   aye yooo! makes me wanna do a cart-wheel n click my heels together in the air lol!
had so much fun last night   let's see what today will bring  no work tomorrow   luv workin for the school system  yeeesss  smile 
cant wait 2 see my aunt and her choir perform with <propfemale> adams 2nite on the bet honors!
at work  bout to eat these cheese grits before the day begins  have a good day everyone!!
i'm so sleepy 2 the point that i wanna cry like a child  coffee flow at work   hope the day goes fast on this rainy day   *sigh*
another week of work  hope it goes by fast cuz it's pay week! yippee  lol  on another note   some people really need to get a life and stop worrying about what the hell someone else is doin  mind ya damn business sometimes  it's not that serious  go sit down somewhere n have a coke and a smile   have a nice day  smile 
suffering succotash!! what a day this is   smh  looking forward to lunch next cuz my stomach feels like it's touchin my back   
umm  get outta my life  thanx lol 
i really should be drinkin' some tea instead of this coffee since my nerves are shot out today  but it tastes so lovely tho (picks up cup and takes a sip)  i know   shame on me smh  
cheese grits and peppermint tea   goodmorning all  smile 
bow chica wow wow   pay day tomorrow  (in my deep man voice) makin' moves  good things comin' my way hey heeeey lol 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed   literally   soooo i'm a lil tired but now i gotta shake it off and get thru another day of work  lord please let my child behave today  for i cannot   and i won't lol  thank god it's friday   and pay day =p
ahhh  work day is over  today was crazy  them dang blasted kids acting all crazy lol  good thing my child had a good day  moody teens smh   
in jersey visiting my girl <propfirst> n peeps   having soooo much fun  love my peeps!
blah blah blah blah blaaaaah   that is all  annoyed \
money time   is mighty fine  smile  helluuuur   good mor-ting fb  have a good day 
"i'm actually proud of myself  my child had a really bad day today   i managed to calm her down myself without gettin' a therapist involved  kudos to me   with a <propfirst> on \thee\"" back lolol!"""
boring sundays    boooo! i guess i'll clean n vibe out to some music   
got the jerk chicken in marination right now   yes  i said marination lol  gonna pop that in the oven soon  with some sides of rice and string beans with potatoes   mmmm yummm =p
uggh  y is my upper back hurting like this? it feels like it did when i was in an accident 
these kids can be such sweetie's when they want to be   but then there r days like this when some of them wanna be the devil! a good whoopin to the behind is alllll they need lol 
can't wait to see my big sis this weekend! shes comin to visit    yaaaaay! so excited!
"\never go back to an old love; it's like reading the same book over and over again when u know how the story ends   get off my phone my dear   i don't vomit n lick it back  \"" ~ kpanah"""
hollaaa! (in my <propfirst> voice) lol
why does my hair wanna shed except for this one gray hair? smh  this thing is holdin on strong  sheesh 
uggh  i hope this is not the beginning of me gettin sick  gonna take some more throat medicine   
soooooo hungry right now! hurry up lunch time! sheesh
the old boogz is back   it was just a matter of time  hate 2 say it but  *walks away with kanye shrug n special finger in the air*
day 2 of this work week  my throat is still botherin me   i just wanna get back in bed and go to sleep   yea   that sounds nice  annoyed \
back to work in the morning   sheesh it feels like i just got home lol 
smh   
so much on the brain  tryna write but its not workin   thoughts r all over the place  just wanna go home and eat  annoyed \
fine wine night  smile 
it was great having the day off but back 2 work in the a m  good thing its pay day and friday! heads in beds fb   heads in beds!! (in my k  hart voice) lol 
i'm startin' to go through withdrawl   really missin' my loves   my brothers  my sisters  my niece and my nephews   i need to make a visit back home to nj\\pa ='(
"sittin here tearing this orange up! lol, so good   fresh fruit is bangin lol "
relaxin in my bed   feels absolutely great!
hope this day goes by fast   it's nice out for once  may go for nature walk later after work  have a good day everyone!!
i was voted staff of the week today by the students! yaaay me lol  those kids are bad but sweethearts at times   that really made my day  smile 
