4578981ea8093cd43b0e2a73e12d971e
for new year's i get to have my wisdom teeth removed  fun     annoyed 
i got a facebook!! finally!!
graduation was something else  i enjoyed the all night party but i don't think that i'll be staying up all night for a long time 
i've decided that i don't like the real world or it doesn't like me one or the other or prehaps even both!
being an adult is no fun   can i be a kid again? please     oh and just so everyone knows i'm going crazy!
wishes that her sister would ask before she uses jaycee's computer and that she could see her friends more often  she misses them all greatly!!!
"hopes that wishing on stars really works because she really wants this wish to come true! (no, she is not telling anybody so don't ask!)"
loves a good book when she gets to relax 
just when you think that something is simple you gather more facts that make life complicated 
"omgg! colonel o'neill is my favorite!!! and candalynne, <propfemale>, and i are the only girls i know who know about stargate and love it  anyone else out there?"
i hate it when your fortune cookie tells you what everybody else has been telling you!
college is going to be a little scary  and i still have a byu hoodie what do i do with it now that i'm going to the u of u?
"i'm 15 for a moment\caught in between 10 and 20\and i'm just dreaming\counting the ways to where you are \           \life passes so quickly   "
"wonders \at what point does a commitment become not worth it?\"""""
thinks that the summer is going way too fast  college is coming and she isn't sure she is ready for it 
wow youth conference was awesome! but i am now exhausted and i still have to go to play practice  i should probably take a nap  i love naps!!!
just so everyone knows eight hours of play practice sucks!!!!! especially with no air conditioning  and i'm going to be tan!!!! weird!!!
"hey everyone, i am now officially tan! i think it looks kinda wierd but don't take my word for it  come see <propfirst> this thursday thru saturday "
"do we gaze at the stars because we are human, or are we human because we gaze at the stars?"
i love thunderstorms! they are so    cleansing! and exciting!
those of you who haven't been to see <propfirst> and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat  shame on you!!!!!!! come see it! you will love it! and if you know my dad come to the matinee and see him as pharoh 
this is your last <propmale>!!!!!!! if you had any <propfemale> what-so-ever to see <propfirst> and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat tonight is our last night  please come!!! we would love to see you there  it starts tonight at 7  tickets are $6 for adults and $5 for seniors and children  it is so much fun  please come!
you can't take a guy seriously when he has eyeliner on          long story!
cause out there somewhere someone's gonna love ya            warts and all!
how is it that everyone is so excited about college and i am terrified? is there anyone out there that is the least bit nervous?
if you can see this come to my senior voice recital  it is today at the piano gallery in riverdale at 4  with refreshments at my house afterward  please come i'm afraid that no one will come!
just got her young woman's medalion today! finally!
tonight is my last night home  i'm nervous for tomorrow 
"college is interesting  i really feel like i belong here oddly enough  my roomate is awesome and amazing! and i found an old friend <propfemale>  i'm having a great time, but i kinda feel bad for <propfirst> having to hobble everywhere  i kinda killed him yesterday      we walked around a lot! poor guy!"
i have to learn how to play the french horn and the trumpet at an intermediate level this semester  first time picking up a french horn and i got a sound out of it!!!
college choir is nothing like high school choir  college choir is intense!!!!!! i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you mr  waymen! your skills in teaching me music theory have helped me so much in college  i will be able to pass my college music theory class!
i learned in college that is really is possible to go up hill both ways!!!!!!
misses talking to her sister muchly! and she hates carrying the french horn everywhere on tuesdays and thursdays!
"someone up there must be watching out for me  how else did i end up going to college with my best friend, an old friend and end up rooming with another version of candalynne?"
i miss my voice teacher       and her warm ups 
i finally got some music other than classical on my ipod  it's awesome! thank you <propfirst>!
         spent the day wondering if i could really be a music <propmale> <propmale>                       can i?
counterpoint        torture for musicians!!!!!!!
"is home for the weekend! lol or at least my parents house cuz i now call my dorm \home\""    smile """
likes visiting home  everyone misses me now that i'm gone  they appreciate me a lot more 
what do you do when you have nothing to do in the music building because all of the practice rooms are full?        randomly get on facebook for an hour 
i am so tired today      okay really more like this week  why can't it be friday already? fall break    so close yet so very far away! ugh!
packing to go home for fall break!!! finally!!!!!!
lets face it you didn't forget  you just didn't care enough to remember   crying 
wants to get her hair cut  what if i cut it short? what would you think? please comment 
"i love the look on the kids faces when you go back to visit the high school  \wait what are you doing here?\"""""
if you could go back and do things over again would you just make the same mistake or would you really change?
sometimes i feel lonely in a crowd of people     unimportant and unnoticed    
my roommate is corrupting me!!!
it's friday night and i'm in my dorm alone doing laundry      i lead an exciting life 
there's no place like home    there's no place like home  hey look i'm home! just in time for halloween!  laugh 
i donated my hair to locks of love     now it is really short! but i think i kinda like it 
i feel very alone today      unfortunately this is also one of my low self esteem days too               annoyed 
god loves you and satan hates you!!! so stick close to god         thank you brother crimin!
"dear utah weather, i know that you are fickle but would you mind greatly staying autumn until i can get my winter clothes out please  i don't have my boots yet    sincerely, jaycee <propmale>, unsatisfied customer "
okay this is a shout out to all of you who play the piano  i need a piece to preform at a recital  i'm an early intermediate student and i need a piece challenging enough to take a month to perfect but not so challenging that i won't be able to learn it  anyone know of such a piece and where i might find it? please help me!!!!!!!
it is kinda sad that if you don't get on facebook for a day you feel like you have actually missed a week in your social life 
i really hate being alone 
 crying                                                                yeah just been one of those days      
i have the very best roommate in the entire world! thank you <propfirst> for being so understanding 
today is one of those days where i just want to curl up in a ball and not step outside of my dorm room     unfortunately life has other plans for me 
what is the difference between a hack and a musician?                                   a hack has a life 
wow that is some storm! i'm glad i'm safe and sound at home!
i'm safely in colorado! happy thanksgiving to everyone!!
go utes!!!! (sorry cougars it is <propfemale> from the san <propmale> game)
i'm cold!!!!!!!!!  sad 
for all of you who love me enough: you should come to the choir concert at the u of u  it is going to be pretty much amazing! it is december 10 and 11 at 7 smile 0 in <propfemale> gardner hall  tickets are $10 (i think   )
today just isn't my day                     annoyed 
i love you grandpa <propmale>       crying 
could we please just fast forward through the next two weeks please? <propfirst> you can live through saturday if you want to but let's skip the rest 
i just got an a on my trumpet playing test!!! yay!!! i also just performed at my recital for keyboarding and i did great!!! yay!! now if i get some observations in today i will have had a fantastic day!!
i'm currently safely in arizona  i will be back in my dorm room by tuesday evening and back home in west point on friday evening  i just have to live through finals week first 
"tequila\sprite\gin\i'm with you there candee!"
"done: musicianship final, keyboarding final, bedding washed, bathroom cleaned (thanks to <propfirst>), presents bought for a couple of siblings and sanctuary caught up on\to do: music <propmale> final, music theory final, pack, clean out and unplug fridge, clean room within an inch of it's life, live through rest of this week \looks like i am a pretty busy gal "
music <propmale> conquered! now i just have to conquer music theory tomorrow and i'm done! sad thing is everyone i <propfemale> out with is leaving today        
my roommate and <propfirst> are gone     it is really cold outside    i'm really cold     i'm turning the heater to a satanic temperature!!!!! yay for warmth!
i'm done!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!! and my mommy is coming to pick me up early!!!!!!! i'm a happy camper!  laugh 
i'm at home! i'm at home! i'm at home and i don't care who knows it!!!
"it's pretty sad when someone talks to you and you automatically think \what do you want from me?\"""""
"i've had to work this christmas break      i get money but it is really boring    i do have a day off tomorrow though so if you want to get a hold of me, see me etc  i will be home tomorrow   laugh "
making gifts for my friends today! i can't wait to see their faces!
"i think that it is rather sad when i think \i wish i was at school     just to use their lightning fast internet \"" oh internet at home why must you be so very slow?"""
it's been a long day     i need a good book 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!  laugh 
nothing feels better than coming home from work and getting into my comfy clothes! yay for comfy clothes!!!!!!  laugh 
i am very grateful to be alive right now 
i'm hopefully getting my wisdome teeth out today  wish me luck!
my wisdom teeth have been successfully removed! (on the left side at least) i'm at home now nursing my chipmunk cheek  thanks to all of those who wished me luck!
i could really use a jamba juice run  right now! (yes i still have a puffy cheek)  sad 
they have cool new <propmale> in the music library! i really like it  it is really different         i really need to st<propmale> bringing a book      
psychology is going to be fun!!! lots of cute guys!!!  laugh 
i have my homework done for tomorrow and i get to sleep in! how awesome is that?!
okay here is the deal     i have a concert on saturday january 22 @ 7 smile 0 pm  it is a free concert and if there is anyway that you can possibly make it you should totally come  we have a guest conductor <propfirst> <propfirst> and he is beyond amazing! i also wouldn't mind having people there to support me      laugh 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along!*\ha ha ha  smile "
\oh by the way jaycee," i'm not afraid of you\""\"4578981ea8093cd43b0e2a73e12d971e,i get to go home today  i'm so excited!!!
working out feels really good when you are frusterated by something    or someone    
"\why can't global warming affect utah first?\"" -<propfirst> tolman"""
today i'm just really grateful that i don't live in <propfirst>   laugh  sorry for those of you who do live in that freezing city    
may i just say that i am a sci-fy freak!! i love sci-fy shows!!!!
it loves the unlovable while it's mending         and it's red!
"where did i go wrong, i lost a friend\somewhere along in the bitterness\and i would have stayed up with you all night\had i known how to save a life \\how to save a life\"" - the fray"""
"it is rather strange when you find that you have nothing to say to someone whom you consider as one of your best friends \*sigh"
"<propfemale> day, chasing the clouds away, on my way to where the air is sweet  can you tell me how to get, how to get to sesame street?  laugh "
it's really reassuring to know that you aren't ignorant you just don't care   sad 
i love that moment when the world is quiet and your mind is quiet  at that moment everything seems very peaceful and tranquil 
should go to bed      but i really don't want to 
i'm sick and i'm staying in my dorm today 
"\it used to be spring    like five hours ago!\""\",4578981ea8093cd43b0e2a73e12d971e,"the sun'll come out tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun  just thinking about tomorrow clears away the cobwebs and the sorrow till there's none! tomorrow, tomorrow i love you tomorrow you're only a day away "
any ideas on what i should get my roommate for her birthday?
went to see i am number four this weekend       it was a great movie and can i just say that <propfirst> pettyfer is hot!
          i don't know what to say              so what's up with everyone?
blueberry strawberry
i am such a romantic sap!!!!       and i would really really like to go on a date       
god loves me and he wants me to be happy! wanna know a secret? he loves you and he wants you to be happy too! imagine that!  laugh 
"\i want adventure in the great wide somewhere  i want it more than i can tell  and for once it might be grand to have someone understand  i want so much more than they've got planned \"""""
do you believe that love lasts forever? please comment i want to know your opinions 
be your own kind of beautiful   laugh 
"do you actually know who the first person to suggest daylight savings was?  \\benjamin franklin\""          (stomps foot in disappointment)\",4578981ea8093cd43b0e2a73e12d971e,"when my alarm clock went off this morning it felt like a siren of death \-<propfirst> tolman"
hey everybody! i am looking for inspirational quotes to put in a quote notebook that i recently got  comment on this status and put your favorite quote on it  it should be one that you use to help you get through hard times or one you just like to use a lot  please comment i need all the quotes i can get!
i sprained my ankle on friday and now my foot is black and blue all over  seriously the coolest bruise ever 
<propfirst> is coming over!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm dying to find my own fairytale yet i freak when the boquet gets thrown anywhere near me at a wedding reception  anyone care to e playful lain that to me?
