920c8a57e8b510ff7c6cd5413f1ce016
thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes!!
got into grad school today!! woo hoo!!
has rediscovered sister act 2  and i may have a slight girl crush on <propfemale> hill  don't judge me 
dear college     i'm going to miss you!
<propmale> changed my status and profile picture  but i can't even get mad    i had it coming 
tuesday night gone bad    
one final down    2 to go    scary!
can anyone e playful lain to me why my facebook chat doesn't work? come on fb junkies    don't be ashamed  help me!
"kirsty rands changed my status  looks like i need to stop being so nice by letting people use my computer  you ruined it for everyone, british girl!"
margaritas and queso    everywhere!!
is studying for my last final!!
is officially a graduate! time to be a big kid  sad 
is having one last fun night with kirsty     beale street it is!
people need to stop posting advertisements and quizzes that i don't want to fill out on my wall 
"life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the e playful ectation"
4 hour layover in chicago then back to the dirty dirty 
still can't chat with people online      help!
will officially become known as miss buccilla tomorrow  don't laugh 
is lesson planning   
my students think i'm 30 years old and apparently mexican 
is lacking sleep and andrea-time 
reached a kid today 
"so far, being a teacher has been like having a different project due every day in college  in fact, make that two  the only difference would be that in college, all that was riding on it was my own grade "
two more days of summer school    who needs classroom management?
thank you for the birthday wishes!! i love you all  smile 
back to the 'sip tomorrow
"first day of school tomorrow     lots of things to do, just not sure what they are "
sunday is the shortest day of the week
just now woke up from my after school nap    wow 
"my kids' version of a proper noun: \the black ipeas\""    did apple come out with a new product??"""
had a workshop today and oddly enough    i missed my students  weird sensation!
had my first open house tonight    of course the only parents that came were the ones i didn't need to see!
see what had happened wuh     
"\i know mrs  brucillia class be my favorite \"""""
new blog: missbuccilla blogspot com
i like it under my desk
going to see president <propmale> in the grove tomorrow!!
sorry kids    didn't miss ya today 
enjoying a beautiful mississippi day but wishing i could be at osu today    
"it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently  children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted "
checklist for today: had a kid suspended  had a kid sent to in-school suspension  had a kid tell me i was her favorite teacher  had a kid tell me i was his meanest teacher  sent two kids out of my room  had one kid try to come to my room 5 straight periods  promised two classes a party tomorrow  planning on giving two classes a pop quiz tomorrow 
"me: \will you two please switch seats?\""\",920c8a57e8b510ff7c6cd5413f1ce016,i heart election season 
i don't heart election season anymore 
ohio in 5 days!
oppositional defiant disorder is not real
9 days of freedom
watched a real teacher today!
would love a michigan ticket    ideas??
car door was frozen shut this morning    i miss ohio  smile 
happy game day!!
and the countdown to christmas break begins   
weeds=best show ever
who would have thought that teachers enjoy snow days way more than students?!
sec!!!!!
we got about 8 inches of snow on sunday night    school was just called off for the fourth day in a row    i love southerners!!
another snow day     2 inches of snow     wow 
hopes to get in a full week of school
"all three teams lost tonight  the girls are no longer undefeated, and there were about 3 kids who actually cared  wow "
"could not ask for a more perfect day  70 degrees and <propfemale>  went for a run, threw the baseball, windows down, and i get to see my long lost friend, kirsty!!"
"we only had two days this week because of \blizzard conditions \"" my kids are never going to learn!"""
played golf today    shot 74    who knew that taking a year off in between each round was the key?
field trip to the civil rights museum tomorrow then home to c-bus at 6    it's going to be a good day!!
stuck in the chicago airport for the next 3 hours   
delayed again    
spending the night at o'hare    excellent 
still in chicago   
24 hours after leaving dublin i'm finally to memphis     but my bag isn't  smile 
