3e55f205a33f9f1dab7ee5bebfd52ef9
bored
i'm tierd did fall asleep tell 4 got up at 7
with what phone?
i need something to do i'm so boooooorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeedddddddd
foodstamps are out  sad  i'm hungry
heeeeeyyyyy yoooouuu guuuuuyyyyyyssss
i hate goodbyes
really really bored
on day's like this i like to        
"\maybe he wont find out what i know you were the last good thing about this fucking town\"""""
camping trip the 17th-19th? for my birthday
anything fun going on tonight?
whats going on tonight?
is anything going on at all tonight?
orgy at toms? wah wah wah waaah lololololol http annoyed  chatter com a jazy3?ref=nf
ok goodnight http annoyed  chatter com a jb5dx?ref=nf
rolling fattys smokin blunts who smokes the blunts we smoke the blunts http annoyed  chatter com a jdyid?ref=nf
watch the video on my <propfemale>
laters it's time for me to go play beer pong http annoyed  chatter com a jefsp?ref=nf
"shit\\ annoyed "
i'm bored entertain me    and i want my money http annoyed  chatter com a jerqc?ref=nf
goodnight everyone http annoyed  chatter com a jgouz?ref=nf
it's a holiday in methford http annoyed  chatter com a jinex?ref=nf
whats going on tonight?
where's the party at?
is there seriously no partys tonight? http annoyed  chatter com a jkl34?ref=nf
what a gay night
wtf this night sucks
bored
yeah tonight won't suck
"<propfemale> so pull together with me on this and \everyone should help me plan the camping trip for next weekend  i need \to know who all is going and how much everyone can chip in for booze and chasers "
what's goin on?
whats up yall?
i'm bored whats going on today tonight ????
thank you everyone who took the time to say happy birthday you guys rock
no one's gonna throw me a party because everyone blew off saving up money like they said they would lol kids are lame
hit up 541 840  2479 to get ahold of me   only call if you know of something to do tonight or my <propmale> well get pissed people are blowing up his phone
hit me up if you want to go camping 541 840 2479 hurry we need more cars to take everyone lol
20 beers =rancid farts lol
i need to fix my sleeping scheduale i've only been awake for 2 hours wtf
woke up at 7 and went job hunting  i fell accomplished
someone save me i'm so bored and everyones still f***ing sleeping
"wake up, grab beer, grab rear,shave beard put on some clean gear"
want to go hike table rock or go rock climbing i havent done ither in forever
to parents who use meth   you'll eventully wind up destroying your child or losing it and well have no one to blame but yourself
lates leave me love
i'm tierd
anyone want to buy a gerber knife from me? $45?
anyone want to buy a gerber skining knife $45
"would i go back to change things? yeah i would,"
whats there to do tonight? i havent done anything social for awhile 
fml how do i fuck up everytime?
what a lame night   kevin your a faggot!!
if you hate falling asleep alone clike like
when you grab ahold of me tell me that i'll never be set free 
so state of the union is the best rise against song ever
and off i go
"if you are reading this, even if we dont speak that often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when youve finished, post this as your own status, youll be suprised what people remember about you!"
bored outta my mind walked 15 <propmale> to get in town and still have to wait tell 10  annoyed 
kinda like a rollercoaster
i love it when i get ignored it makes me feel important lol
so who's gonna be voting to leagalize marajuana?
sativa is looking for a new home if anyone wants or knows anyone who would want to take her let me know asap please 
seeing what needs to be changed and working on it
"cousins are there as childhood friends  when \we are older, cousins are there as forever friends  no one will ever \understand your crazy family like your cousins! repost if you have \cousins that make you smile  smile "
sigh
wow fucking ridiculous last time i trust someone to be there when i need them most
woo :
"hey sweetie, i need you here tonight  and i know you don't wanna be leaving tonight"
hmm  annoyed 
sativa has a new home  i need a bowl
idk
getting ready for thabksgiving service
new number 541 613 2332 hit me up new job <propmale> and <propfirst>
<propfirst> <propmale> your a fag go suck a <propmale>
things are starting to look up next step finish g e d and get a place 
i love how you can accuse me of being on drugs but can't say who told you i am  fuck you
why does everyone think putting cartoons up will stop child abuse? their parents are still fucked up
hmmm? ignored?
outta my mind may be back soon
get to spend the night with kady   laugh     super stoked 
marry christmas everyone 
i love when people can talk shit online i live in medford faggot my <propfirst> 541 613 0486 hit me up when you get here bitch
"day and night  i toss and turn i keep stressing my mind,mind  i look for peace but see i don't attain  what i need for keeps this silly game we play,play"
so sativa ran away from the people who took her  who wants to go to ashland and help me find her
new years isn't looking so good  sad 
thank you for your support everyone ilove you
stressed can't sleep i feel sick and i have so much to do tomorrow  if you pray keep me in them i'm trying it out again 
good morning everyone  still no sleep  i hope i can get everything done quick status
"i turn my head to the east i don't see nobody by my side  i turn my head to the west still nobody in sight so i turn my head to the north  swallow that pill they call pride that old me's dead and gone but the new me will be alright  cause oh, i've been travlin on road to long, just tryin to find my way back home, the old me's dead and gone dead and gone "
i need an ipod charger and someone who can add some good rock music to it its too full of rap
kevin   doritos   you know what i mean lolololol
good night  finally no people to keep me up
i need something to get my mind of this  i keep trying to remember with no luck at all then i let my imagination play 50 diffrent scenarios   so much stress 
i just want to talk to her 
i hate how some people know more than i do about what went on it wont leave me alone
no sleep tonight i guess 
to tired to sleep anyone wanna txt?
sleep mabey? i doubt it 
what's your plans for the day?
to all of my new haters i'm sure i've aquired  suck my <propmale> i am aware shit went down theres no denying that what exactaly happened idk only one person does  fuck you keep hating it dosnt change the truth 
"i need an escape from the stress, halo reach be my drug "
i'm staying off facebook for a couple days  if you need something txt me 541 613 0486?
i need a ride to white city  can anyone help?
shitty   no ride
 sad 
this makes me feel better than i already did   annoyed 
is silence the best answer?
goodbye 
i need someone to buy me a pack of smokes 
an excelent night hopefully leads to and excelent day 
life's a bitch naw better yet a dumb broad
"in the words of <propmale> and <propmale>, excellent "
you can take the kid outta the scene but you can't take scene outta the kid 
i well break your fucking collar bone bone us against the world better chose what fucking side ya on 
"ya i call it how i see it, wish i never met ya, i wouldn't wanna be, pussy ass nigga i don't  want your gonorrhea "
the world is my play ground don't fuck with my swing set 
he that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding shall find good  proverbs 19:8
"look at where i landed you would think i planned it, i'm just doin me and you will never understand it, blowin purple clouds nigga i'm so sky high i ain't cuttin anybody slices outta my pie "
"i'm still fly, i'm sky high and i dare anybody to try and cut my wings"
"at the boreder like i swear i have nothing to to declair,i am nothing like these other niggas comin out this year, even if you never met me you can tell i'm on that same shit loyal as a motha fucka nobody be sayin shit "
i really need someone to talk to msg me or txt me 541 613 0486
anyone want to buy my ipod? $50 has charger and head phones w  music on it 
"sleeping on a bed for once, it's fucking amazing  lol"
"i don't think i say it very often, to my friends and family, thank you for all the help and support you guys give, i appriciate it very much "
" smile  btw i changed the meaning of that smily, it dosn't look like a cat it looks like someone getting t-bagged so it's the t-bag face from now on lol    smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  if you read this, you got t-bagged"
"go greenbay stomp those cubs,i know there the bears but what a bullshit team lucky wild card pick "
wow the bears must feel like shit losing a playoff game at home ouch!
now lets see if the jets can live up to my e playful ectations 
"master if i can't make love to a woman can i still uhh  \master\"" no you we'll go cross eyed \""points at own eyes\"" lol gotta love the love guru """
and now i am offically the biggest duchebag asshole piece of shit ever fml
a good night 
"my night,   better than e playful ected "
"i need a back massage a neck massage, and a sholder massage lol"
kids these days 
"it's green and smells skunky, <propfirst> i don't think this is tabacco!"
my attorneys a duche 
"break through the undertow your hands i can't seem to find, pollution burns my tongue cough words i can't speak so i stop my struggling, then i float to the surface fill my lungs with air then let it out"
fuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkkk 
stressed and hungry 
"goodmorning methford, and other towns it's lazyday"
tacobell sounds dank
"so just an early announcment, the packers won the superbowl lol "
goodnight fb oh how you bore me
i feel so tired but i can't sleep 
gonna have an awsome night if it's anything like my day  playful 
ten dollars is a lot harder to find than e playful ected 
"my nephew might be here tonight, i'm tired let's hope he waits till tomorrow"
so bored
if you're one of us then role with us 
"bhvcxfytuj vcf laugh tyukilb, v0cxfdcfgtrhyukijlomn ,"
i'm funky not a junkie but i know where to get it 
sometimes i wonder if i have the copeland curse   annoyed 
"so i'm just realizing my so called best friends are pieces of shit and my ex is a homie hopper lol grow up, don't try to go behind my back tell me pussy's"
never fails  annoyed  goodnight 
is this a step or a leap?
stuffed and sleepy lol
i feel like an ass
come on greenbay don't let me down now  playful 
"cheeseheads,cheeseheads!!!!!!!!!!!!! go packers!!!!"
i win  wink 
my two week prediction came true lol packers rule
lol the green lanterns original costume had a red shirt
get off my shit 
i love having fb mobile i can go poo and update about it at the same time lol
bomb ass hamburgers? i hope so 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
i might have been born at night but i wasn't born last night 
my balls hurt  sad 
she's amazing   wink 
"it's amazing, it's like you're psycic, tylers in a good mood lets try and bring him down  @&$* off"
                    
why do people who are down destroy things so other are down with them 
just because you are unhappy dosn't mean you have to try and ruin what makes me happy 
"you make me happy, i don't care what anyone else thinks "
who wants to buy me a pack of smokes? you'll be my hero if you do 
"another day of life in medford my friends and family are amazing and make me happy and my haters are pathetic and make me laugh, they can't cut my wings "
"well, being honest isn't always good i guess "
ouch 
"i'm bored, txt me 541 613 0486"
confused 
drinking makes me feel like shit 
my stomachd hurts so bad i don't want to roll over 
my head and stomache are killing me
"ikdkdhdyvklsqwertyuiopasdfghkhgfsz789#'\?"""
why can't  i do anything?
"tired, wondering how things are going to turn out "
no sleep for me  annoyed  anyone awake and want to txt? 541-613-0486
"sleep sounds so good, but if i sleep i won't wake up in time lol kids these days "
"beautiful, amazing, perfect, idk any other way to describe you "
had an amazing night played pool at rack em's   sober 
is it wierd that it bugs me when people just say love you and not i love you? the i just seems like the most important part of those 3 words 
"idgaf what you say about <propfirst> <propmale>, his music fucking owns "
why do i feel like i've fucked up already?
i want a bowl  this is the worst headache my skull feels like it's going to split and my eyes feel like their gonna pop out 
i wish there was something i could do  annoyed 
what has two thumbs and needs a drink?    this guy
"within my bones the resonates, boiling blood will circulate  - rise against "
"i need something to do, so bored and no one to chill with "
"love is the answer at least to mosth the questions of my heart, like why we're here, where do we go, and how come it's so hard, it's not always easy as sometimes life can be deciving, i'll tell you one thing i always feel better when we're together "
"i wish i was in boxing or cage fighting right now, i'm so fucking irritated, shutting my phone off so someone who dosn't deserver it gets the raw end of it "
"so i just saw the the new zodiac, i am not a <propfirst>, i am a motha fuckin virgo     no offense to <propfirst>'s"
what do i want to do? something that requires energy 
"every single night we fight, to try and get a little high on life "
bored
bored
"my family wonders why i get mad at them, maybe if you included me with whats going on i wouldn't "
"oh, he punched my shark "
once again    i fail 
turning my phone off talk to y'all later
ok    well goodnight then i guess 
confused
what a way to wake up  i'm sorry babe 
"goal for today, find a new job "
"wow   so no my phone won't txt, i need $45 to get it turned back on  annoyed "
"hooka time, coconut shesha "
bored and my phone is shitting on me
what's going on tonight?
"hunger why must you exist,"
rawr
and now i'm an asshole 
confused    i need a stiff drink 
"i'm bored and tired, whats going on tonight?"
"if i was a dinosaur i'd be called lickalotapus, if you were a dinosaur you'd be called megasaurass  lol"
my day's been all over the place but it's the end of the day and i think everything is going to be fine  you're amazing babe 
"tired, what to do tomorrow  i mean today "
why can't i sleep?
i can't even remember if i ever met him  r i p grandpa <propfirst> 
"wtf i already used all my txt's well write me on here or call me if you want to chill, 541 613 0486"
"i want to go out to the snow, and out there i wish time wouldn't flow "
if you want to get ahold of me make it a phone call not a txt i'm outta txts so calls and fb are the only way to reach me 
 smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
you actually <propmale> up on me  sad 
"anyone have extra lip rings studs? i need a 3 total, 2 for my lip and at least a loop for my septum "
so many people 
"i am so hungrey, and i have no food at all to eat  annoyed "
i'd have brought you food  not just givin you a lecture 
i just can't stop fucking up 
i wish i was a phone 
wow gave myself a headache 
"today sucks, i've already pissed off 3 people "
"admiral asshole is up and running, who should my next victem be? any suggestions, i really dgaf today, i'm pretty confident only one thing can make my day get worse "
"not straight outta compton, a crazy fucker named <propfirst> pass the pipe so i can get higher, you know i'm down with grove street but all these young punks don't even know me "
baby i love you i never want to let you go the more i think about the more i want to let you know that everything you do is super fucking cute 
suprising turn around 
on cloud 10 yeah thats right i'm past cloud 9
what you reppin foo 
bored  
and now nothing to do  hmmm
             fuck
i hate feeling bad 
wow just got hit by a truck backing out of a driveway  fml my legs sore 
"we sit on front porches and swing life away, we get by just fine here on minumum wage, if love was a labor i'd slave till the end, i won't cross these streets untill you hold my hand  ~rise against "
devine intervention couldn't stop how i feel 
anyone have a copy of zoolander i can barrow?
soooooo fulllllllllllll 
"truth is, everyones going to wind up hurting you, you just have to figure out who's worth suffering for ~ <propmale> marley"
possesion charge     droped
halo 3    yes indeed lol it took me 10 rounds to hit 25
sofa <propmale> bored
"domination, everyone quit but me and one kid   final score 19-6 lol get wreaked"
"i should probablly sleep   but sleep is for the weak, so i don't need no rest untill i am fucking dead"
"dbz abrigaged  so picolo your not a human right, \yeah\"" and your dad spit you out as an egg right? \""yeah\"" are are you a yoshi?    \""yes goku i'm a green fucking dinosaur"""
so i need a vote    should i cut my hair or leave it
so my hair is gone
