89bfcaf687d0cb61d96c91b9c9dec2da
happy new years! now off to bed    its going to be a long one tomorrow
nba finals    ice cream    gummy worms    cubs finally win a game    thunderstorms    i am a fan of today
best three days of interleague play beings today! go cubs!
"is out of the running for the job in coatsville, <propfemale>    bummer"
"got bumped from consideration for the psych technician job in pitt, as i didn't have enough \rank\""    i am now 0-12 here """
is not at all tired and very bored    
is not at all tired and very bored    
5 am    still not tired
lack of sleep+huge yard to mow+94 degree temp+hot sun-sun block = woozy jakey    taking a break
trip to kentucky    lets see how that one goes
learned something today  the best way to get bugs off of your windshield     use a bottle of coca-cola  who knew!?
     to hell with it
has a plan tonight    i will be facebook stalking =-o
"net is down at the house, and is extremely busy these days, so will thank everyone with a blanket \thanks for the bday wishes!\"" as opposed to individual sentiments   """
been out of the loop as i don't have internet access (less i am at the library)
so    this is probably my last day off in a very long time  i should enjoy it by doing something fun and somewhat productive
"you may say i'm an asshole, but i just call things as i see them  only problem is, i don't have 20 20 vision"
is starting to feel the burn     out
a man accuses me today at work of 'not doing my job'  i asked how i wasn't and he said 'theer are foreign arabs at the mall and i dont feel secure'    welcome to wva
land shark = fav light beer (at the moment)
"watched gran tornino last night for the first time  i think its ok, but highly overrated     go ahead  hate me  i dare ya"
"has been havin some effed up dreams lately, and today's was by far the weirdest "
yet another reason why its better to be a bears fan than an eagles fan     haaaaaaaaa
3 hours of sleep  then work at the mall 3-7 smile 0p  then to the second job 8p-10 smile 0a   love  my life   laugh 
"off of work mon, tues and wed next week = trip to york? perhaps this is possible"
the backwards poet writes inverse
a dog had puppies on the side of the road  she was fined for littering
refrain from dangerous cults and practice safe sects
"the start of the longest 43 hours of my life! lets try not to die, 'k?"
back to the grind in wva
can't sleep  clown will eat me 
back to work! woo!
"i have a nephew named anfernee, and i know how mad he gets when i call him <propfirst>  almost as mad as i get when i think about the fact that my sister named him anfernee "
can't wait til oct already 
"in vino, veritas "
what a shitty day
the ending of a very long 82 5 hour work week  tomorrow starts a 73 hour work week
    'bout ready to pull out the dammed tooth myself
"pfff, weak ass steelers! ha!"
"things to do today: 1)heckle steelers fans  ha  big <propmale> was a big bust! (that was for you <propfirst>)    check  2)make appt for root canals    for next week  check  3)wave to everyone bored enough to read my status    *wave*    damn i'm lame    check  4) pay capital one <propmale>    eh, i'll do it tomorrow  5)grudgingly make my way to the mall to work til 10 smile 0    yet to be done     why the hell are you still reading this?!"
enojoyed today
"bears can beat the superbowl champs, but will likely lose a winable game  welcome to chicago sports"
"can't wait til the weekend  alumni dinner, followed by hanging out with some awesome peeepz and some much needed r&r  who knew i'd look forward to hanging out in york"
"me: you  stupid  bitch  you know i'm gorgous  <propfemale> g : yeah, that's true  if i were <propfemale> keller burn!"
"the plan: nap, shower, work, york for the weekend  easy enough!"
work  sleep  work  sleep     back to the old routine  i already miss this past weekend
"got called into work last night  got called into work early today  working another double     if i didn't know better, i'd say i were being punished for taking a weekend off!"
    had a trimming mishap on the gotee  now only rocking the <propfemale> portion  fail!
"oy, what a long day"
just found out with certainty that obama was awarded for a nobel peace prize  i supportted the man and like him and all    but really!? really!?
well shit    yankees just won
"so ya know what happens when your abs goes out in the mornings on the way to work and your front wheel alignment decides to get all jacked up on you while driving downhill on a slick road with a sharp right curve? ya end up in a ditch across the lanes, nearly missing an oncoming car  and that's how i started my day at 730am before a 15 hour shift  calling it a day before getting up at 530 to do it again  woo!"
43 hours in three days  woo! only 58 5 more to go for the rest of the week
is going to be <propfemale> g s lesbian coach 
sno-balls? where are the fucking twinkies!?
it's thursday? shit    
31 hours in two days  boo yaa!
doesn't sleep enough
"new note: dialogue with my body, 10 20 09"
"hell yeah, night off!"
"baseball, <propmale> and pumkin ale yeungling  it's been a good night"
<propfirst> wendt and da coach on first take this morning  awesome!
"ya know    it really pisses me off  but whatevs, i got beer"
"one begs to question, if it's not butter, then what the hell is it?"
and to think i was going to spend good money to go to this game     dispicable  an atrocoty  and it's only been 19 minutes in 
gone workin'
i spy irony on my live feed
wonders if anyone else noticed that the girl in the new windows 7 commercial has man hands    just sayin
"<propfirst> <propfirst> pelt just called philly fans \savages\""     but in a good way  lol"""
is life really a variant of vicious cycles that never ends?
is celebrating halloween by drinking a beer and getting up at 530am to work a 15 hour shift    woo! being an adult rulez
and today marks the longest two months ever
watchin the phillies game
that was a long weekend  now i await some much anticipated results    
watchin some mnf    so this is what a monday off is like
"always remember, a <propfirst> on the back is only two feet away from a kick in the ass  you've been informed"
the breakfast club was just highlighted during the game  one of the very very few things i actually miss about purdue  hope they choke and lose
so     yeah
"notices that there are about 60 of his fbook friends are on fbook now, and judging from their statuses on the 'book and away messages on aim, 50 of them are swamped with tests, papers and other school work  and still have time to fbook  that's dedication, and i miss it"
"kid: goddammit!! me: you can't say that! kid: why not?! me:because its profanity  kid: not to me, i'm athiest!     how do you argue that logic?"
starting to feel the drain of a 70 hour work week  c'mon tuesday!
<propfirst> clooney is coming out with too many movies right now  wrapping up a long weekend with a huge 22oz bottle of yeungling  boo yaa
"    and the very best thing of all, is the counter on this ball!"
"ooooh <propfirst> <propfirst>'s <propfemale> wheat, where have you been all these years?"
baaaaaaaack to the maaaaaaaaall
wonders what's the allure of some individuals
"when you really think about it, it puts a whole new dimension to the term \bumpin' uglies\"""""
officially free from credit card debt! woo!
"is watching something about the gangs in pilsen (sds) on history  a taste of home, lol"
workin    mall 
i beg your pardon!
"so if i had to be cryogenically frozen with one celeb, it would have to be <propfemale> mckeller (since someone already called dibs on zooey daschanel)  wuddabout you?"
its always awesome to come home and une playful ectedly find a crave case in the fridge  awesome!
"i guess you can't send a christmas card to a person by the name of \stupid bitch\""  damn our censorship via usps"""
tell me what you see wrong with this picture: kid using a new england patriots basketball as a soccer ball   
yet another odd dream sequence  what the hell?
"sitting back and watching everyone freak out over what i would consider a \dusting\""  i say this now before i hit the road in the early morning to find none of the roads are plowed  annoyed """
    would rather be at cobblestones
finally got some christmas family sidney's first bday pictures edited and uploaded  i guess ill get around to the rest later
you know what hurts? getting 3 in 1 soap in your friggin eye 
christmas shopping     done 
so it turns out i no longer have the abilty to function after 24 hours of no sleep 
wishing you and yours a forgettable founder's day
<propfemale> christmas!
"so i hear of a pending storm just in time for me to leave for <propfemale> for wedding york philly    man, i am going to be pretty miffed if this doesn't work out"
yeah! why can't they do that all the time? bear d looked good!
so i misread the dates for the gre exams  turns out i only have about a month to get ready     so now its decision time   
how is it my strongest feature is also my biggest downfall? i call shennanegans while i ponder   
"dunno who is in charge of weather channel's music selection, but so far today i've heard some pink <propmale> and hendrix    awesome"
"workin til 1130, back in at 730 til 1030 then back to <propfemale> for <propfemale>'s wedding and other unrelated shennanegans!"
"work at 2  yup, it's back to the grind and the 5 month countown begins"
my everything is sore     why?
    so now to readjust my body from working 2p-11p to handling a 6p-8a tomorrow  time to facebook stalk to stay awake for a few hours!
"workin on some pictures, errand running, then work 6p-8a "
thought of the day: the foulness of your breath actually makes me angry to the point that i would punch little lambs square in the face
"loves his profile pic so much, he chuckles every single time he sees it"
"another day, another dollar"
feel like pac-man     workworkworkworkworkworkworkwork
full nights sleep    needed that reset  now to the funny farm!
that turned out to be a long day
"same ol drill    errands, work    drinky? off tomorrow, boo yaa"
we drove by eager beaver    hilarity ensued
met <propmale> <propmale> tonight    and he was schwasted!
been through and e playful erienced enough in life to be able to smell it before i step in it
lots to do today  i'm far too tired for my day off  hanging with the bro tonight!
    is in the business of unleashing dragons
it's early    
*<propfirst> in 4 4 time* i like beer  beer is my friend  beer beer beer  drunk texts i'll send
know what i hate more than snow? the fact that this damn state had all night to manage a quarter inch of snow and still the roads are snow covered     bullshit
    baby sister just learned that her finger strategically fits up her nose
process of moving  no net for a bit  hit cell
"being    productive  eat it, bitches!"
well this turned out to be a cluster fuck of a week    
    that's my norga
looking at my keys and contemplating
that is one funky smelling box   
you dribbled on your    chub?
stop swinging your meat!
i can never understand why people still buy vowels when the answer is seemingly obvious to them  the wheel pisses me off
"'why is your hair long?' 'i am a musician ' 'oh yeah? what do you play?' 'the radio, and a little bit of ipod'"
henderson west <propfemale> is slightly creepier than point pleasant
    and there are some people who probably should have a plastic bag tied over their heads    just sayin
5 am and holding strong  that nap this afternoon did wonders!
craving subway  much better alternative to hot dogs  who wants to help a brotha out?
likes <propfirst> j blige's cover of stairway to heaven
drinking with the neighbor  good times!
finally got the net up and running at home  then discovered the joy of hooking up my pc to my tv  i now only have reason to leave my recliner for bathroom related business
jumpin on live to smack some bitches up on cod
so i got on cod for about 20 <propfemale>  and i realized i suck <propmale> balls
"for the history foreign zombie film enthusiast, i recommend dead snow"
"ya know, being aware of your flaws and problems doesn't make you 'self actualized'  doing nothing about them makes you an inconsiderate prick "
you know you live in west <propfemale> when    someone getting promoted to a manager position at a local cracker barrel makes the newspaper
"\why is it all sticky already? i hope someone didn't lick it \"""""
"\i heard it was good to blow them   \"""""
2 more days    just 2 more days
you know what sucks? getting toothpaste in your eye     don't ask
york! then oc!
back from ocmd york    if only the event were longer and less far away
"\what does being quiet have to do with being jewish   ?\"" \""um  <propfemale> frank?\"" \""oh  shit \"""""
unwinding from work with a couple of slices from yorktown    that's right  yorktown 
"i was part of a gang once  but members kept falling off  last time i join gang reen      and if you don't like my awesome joke, then you can go fly a <propfemale>"
"e  seriously, i hear its a lot of fun"
"i was part of a gang once  but members kept falling off  last time i join gang reen      and if you don't like my awesome joke, then you can go fly a kite  seriously, i hear its a lot of fun (p s  i hate facebook mobile which splits up my statuses and messages)"
so apparently a cactus can 'protect itself from gettin lightning'  hmmm  who knew
what a strange day of <propfemale> vu
'i would like to caress your spoons'
i    hate    coughing
    enjoying the day off
"not a long day by any means, yet i'm still really tired"
it's a shame  the pretty ones always turn out to be crazy
workin    
"ok i lied    some cod, then sleep, then work "
"got three days off, but the weather sucks    guess i'll be doing laundry"
rip cal
"     ooooh, there's that old familiar feeling"
finished season 4 of <propmale>    holy shit!
why can't i sleeeeeeeep!?
well so much for those plans  really hate the incompitence of people
just changed my facebook language to english (pirate) and i am having too much fun
really confused    i do too much thinkin
veeeeeeeeeeeeery peculiar
oh <propfirst> <propmale>  how your scripted words shape my life   
congrats ycp '10 grads!
"holy crap, i'm an uncle"
<propmale> crumbock look alike!!
i've played way too much pac man today   
"'hawks gettin it done, son!"
today i am in the business of snoozin the day away    at least until 3
"day off = catch up on bills, laundry, cleaning    but, with beer =-)"
taking  a break from being productive  time for some cod
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh  damn you facebook spam! ya got me with your latest friend faq    reason 138 to not drink and facebook
that was     interesting    to say the least
central <propfemale> for holiday weekend? it is possible   
time for     errands!
"runnin a <propmale> late, but imma commin"
been slackin on the facebook  happy birthday to everyone that just had one the past week!
i am awake and back to the grind  'twas a nice lil reset
my sleep pattern is outta wack   
why are all the awesome celebs (and <propfirst> <propmale>) dying? oh that's right  that's what happens when you've aged a while
i didn't mean to neglect you  you just weren't all that important to me at that particular moment
this    suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks
"awesome outside  going to shower then saunter about the town, maybe read a book outside"
v club? feelin it    
รยบinutes   
i'm at the bar talking with wva finest examples of stereotypes  i'm keeping count of how many times 'get 'er done' has been uttered  i'm at 8 in 35 <propfemale>
hawks baby!
"ah, the standard broom  the poor man's vaccum cleaner =-)"
"dear <propmale> hendry, please find and sign <propfirst> rowengartner  kthanks"
i feel like crap again    what the hell man?
all the honeys who makin' money throw your hands up at me    been stuck in my head since i talked to x
ready for round two tomorrow  its gonna be a <propmale> more e playful ensive
om nom    nom nom    good night!
"the smurf's movie? man, the 80s are coming back with a relentlessness of a meth addicted hooker"
car = headache
"reason 149 i miss chicago  when you didn't have a car, you can still get to anywhere you needed to go"
i will congratulate <propmale> <propmale>  and only <propmale> <propmale>
it is my goal to get through the entire summer without cranking up my a c
i know its short notice but birtday bash this weekend? i e  bar hopping with yours truly and watching the deterioration of all that is moral
man  algeria was playing a <propmale> dirty there
"so i rushed to close up my windows to my car when a storm rolled through  it was at that time my car remote decided not to work so i can get in and close said windows  after about 5 minutes of futile effort to unlock my door, the remote gives in    just as the rain stops  jake-0, situationally funny life events-1"
it's days like this that i find it difficult to be a cubs fan  
the dodgers tv announcing is painful to listen to   
st  marks anyone?
v club tonight? get at me
v club redux
that was fun  now back to the norm
dp earlobe sex    it's gonna be my new band
    woop woop! *crash*     haaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahaaaahahaaa
note to self  tuna sammich at 1030pm=really fucked up dreams
"time to find things to do in huntington! (aside from drinking, for a change)"
     and it's days like this that i feel entirely out of place
just watched emts work with a guy who apparently took 12 oxys just outside my bedroom window    here's to being an opportune photographer!
"i'm off to see the wizard, the wizard of huntington mall"
its sooooo hooooooootttt  photowalk will have to wait another not so muggy and hazy (thusly shitty shooting) day  time to try and kill some mofo's on some cod    and then dishes
anyone else find it at all odd that the highight of my friday at work is that i get to year jeans and they stocked gummy bears in the vending machine?
"actually, may opt for some local flavor and positive utilization of my time  such as prepping for a gre or two"
fuck you economy    fuck you for being the ultimate result in that my box of frozen blueberry waffles now has only 8 waffles instead of the 10 it once used to  asshole
aaaaaaah  going to my options to ignore annoying ass newsfeeds    it is rather invigorating  i think i'll start ignoring more people 
"my tolerance for old people, children under 4, and rednecks is quickly diminishing at an e playful onential rate  walmart on a friday is a bad idea"
wait    you mean there are consequences to my impulsiveness?!?!
"ya know, i've never made my own bread (sans machine)    i might have a project for myself tonight"
i      love      wipeout
poke    your nose    out like a glandularly dysfunctioned young adolescent in a target oriented physical activity  back in town tues night
"<propfirst> lohan, 24,gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail justin <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley,29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justusbartett,27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, chasestanley, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson,21, <propmale> fisher, 24,brandon <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke,      23,and   sheldon tate, 27, are all    marines that gave their lives foryou this week  honor them by reposting"
"i will hold your hand, but i will not lead you by it"
guess i can't say that i never lived in a meth house    
a brotha sellin meth?! i can no longer live in this world    
    and this morning i woke up with the random ambition to undertake chemestry    the hell is happening to me?!
the breakfast club  theme came to my head this morning when i woke up  i haven't been able to get rid of it yet  the only cure seems to be a hughe's movie night in the near future
bbblllllaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh
good reset  now ready for the week ahead
"does anyone want need a 33\x24\""x24\"" box full of packaging peanuts? it's been sitting in my kitchen for over a week enticing me to do something hillariously annoying to someone soon  it's best for everyone i try and get rid of it asap"""
my trash guys are a couple of dicks   
drank heavily     slept solidly     still really pissed off  now what do i do?
back to routine
<propfemale> <propmale> moo poo cha pow    bitches
"likes the cool air for a change, but its still too early for fall    the air reminds me of the start of school in hs for some reason"
playin some cod until my maintenance guy shows up
in for another long unconventional work week
"i'm so tired, i haven't slept a wink  i'm so tired, my mind is on the brink, i wonder should i get up and fix myself a drink"
"you better leave my kitten all alone  well, i told you, big, fat bulldog, you better leave her alone "
it's always heart warming to know that a legacy can still survive on neon glow in the dark spray paint on cinderblock
our lives are in your hands    and you have butterfingers!?
"thanks walmart cleaning guy, for making me most uncomfortable today  sweeping behind and around me while i take a piss kinda seems invasive"
"while i do prefer cheddar, i would really like for you to get the hell outta my face"
puuuhneeeen aaaahn da reeeeeezzz!
"i'll take that bears victory, even with that terrible, terrible call"
culinary venture for the week: homemade hot wing sauce from scratch 
sickingly unproductive today    
researching the gayness of the current online and gaming communities    i am saddened by the epic fail of the current generations and society as a whole
"another day, another day"
how the hell is it friday already?
"done randomly facebook stalking, going to bed to be back at work in about 6 hours"
"<propfirst> andrews to <propmale> herbstreit 'i know you have a small measuring stick, but that's never stopped you before, right?'  oh, entendres "
"hell, i'm surprised myself at the bears' performance"
employee satisfaction survey time of the year! it's like anti-christmas  my second favorite time of the year
i find it terribly ironic that this bp has become a gulf
"moss back to the vikings?! shit, son   "
a white punt returner? no way
"gah comcast, why do you have to suck soooooooooooooo bad!?"
it's not every day that you get to interrupt a couple in mid-fellate to inform them of their gross inappropriateness 
just saw a dude walking downtown with a sex pistols tin lunch box  that guy is alright 
miss enjoying fridays like normal peoples
"what the hell, can't sleep  bullshit"
what the hell kinda pass was that!?
''i'm sorry  that was a scary game of pacman!'!
just looked at the starting line up for the heat celtics game  looks like an all-star line up  basketball has changed 
got okie-doked
why the hell does <propmale> nolte look like <propmale> rogers?
just saw a pack of stray dogs feeding on the carcass of a deer along route 60  neat 
what the fuck dude?
"\slave to bitch is a huge improvement\"""""
"shame on you nfl films  shame on you for not telling that lady you were interviewing that her mustache was clearly evident, then proceed to do close-ups on her face during the segment  shame on you "
"\your pie just became property of my crotch  it's my crotch pie \"" oh thanksgiving"""
<propfirst> nielsen died  that sucks
"i hate you, small door frame  and your awkward angled hallway <propmale> too"
i must have warped to seattle at some point in my slumber
10
why is everyone changing their profile pictures to awesome 90s cartoon characters?
at least the bulls can beat the lakers   
"i'm not completely sure, but object raping an angel with an artifical pine tree seem's a little sacrilege"
is a shit magnet
"each time i hear marshmallow world, i'm that much closer to punching a festive person square in the face"
today  i saw an 8 year old play a scratch off lottery ticket in front of me 
how did i earn my paycheck today? by pissing off the president of ntelos as he was wearing a <propfemale> suit  then his elf tried to get me to switch phone companies
"just when i thought the highlight of my day would be getting into it with the president of ntelos, i meet a guy named <propmale> <propmale> justice  no joke "
mullets run rampant at huntington mall
i want  el <propfemale> tortillas  it would almost be justifiable to pack up and move back home right now 
"<propfemale> christmas everyone  sorry, was too busy for cards like i wanted  annoyed "
just heard <propmale> rendell make an ass of himself once again  and i'm three states over!
    and rendell continues to make an ass of himself 
did i get drunk and or high in my sleep? sure woke up like i did  annoyed 
watching football  taking down christmas stuff  this is best with with beers
one of the very few times i'm rooting for the eagles
well  at least the bears will get the seahawks next week and not the fudge-packers 
l
lesson learned today? don't bother with making plans 
dear <propmale> forte  passing is not your forte  stick to the run game
midgets! hanging outside of borders!
martz should have gone with the two minute offense from the start 
"good thing i'm a cubs fan, so i'm used to this"
looks like i'll be a steelers fan for the next couple weeks
queef joke on family guy = highlight of my day
"whatever i'm seeing outside, looks just plain shitty "
"just paid a water <propmale> for a west <propfemale> residence, who's <propmale>ing center is in pennsylvania, who's customer service center is in illinois  wth"
yes  yes i will watch the ahl skills challenge from giant center 
manny a <propfirst>? shit son
cps closes schools for a snow day  first snow day in 12 years  must be a doozey  today makes a pro for being in wva!
    had some beer(s) with dinner
gaaaaaaaaah  that was painful to witness
"\did i just hear bare nipples!?\"""""
"it doesn't sit at so much at an <propfemale>, it's more of a d<propfemale>"
best part in machete? the paleta man bringing up the pack in the final battle scene with the vigilantes  nice touch 
hahahahaaaa  topix made the news
"obese girl in the kroger parking lot just now  \i hate food!\""    really?"""
saaay waaaaaaah?!
    and who remembers <propfirst> burrell
"that drive and dish was quite jordanesque, if i may say so myself  daaaaaa buuulllssss!"
"you can put on makeup, but you can't hide crazy"
"no! nnno! i will not accept <propfemale> brody as a \rugged mercenary\"" or topher grace as \""dangerous\""  nnno  bad 'predators'  bad """
"i guess huntington pd have nothing better to do than pull people over for bullshit reasons literally 500 ft from their home  that's ok, that crack house on the other side of town is doin just fine"
da bulls!
micronaps= the shiz
     yup
mmmmmm    green beer  awww  work  annoyed 
taking much joy in watching this vcu purdue game
bulls front court=redonkulous
da bulls! thwamp  solid game  now for a solid sleep  up at 4:45a for work  annoyed 
meeeh  gassy
why do i want to see <propfirst> rodgers on the madden cover? because i believe in the curse
tis a small world
your bullshit and my shenanigans are in cahoots and are having thinky thoughts about <propmale> foolery 
"just saw a tanker truck that had \turdy lubricants\"" written on the side  draw your own conclusions """
wide  awake  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"well, that was a solid ending note to the week"
did not need to see that middle aged woman scratching her itchy breasticles  annoyed 
"back home, the sure sign of spring came from the joyous jingle of the bells from the paleta man     mmmm, fresas con crema =-p~"
