80a23474868027da2d51c76511015859
nose to the finish line
"will need pain killers to sit through pd tomorrow    slipped on cellar stairs and landed hard   bruised butt, scraped elbows, and cartoon birdies flying circles around my head "
is taking the train up to <propfemale> beacon tomorrow if any one wants to join in on the fun 
is taking off her lazy pants and going for a run 
is a nap addict 
is wondering why she is covered in hives 
brooklyn's only saab mechanic is on vacation for the whole month of august- time for a little diy auto repair 
loves kickin it at the beach with awesome ladies 
nyc folks:  i'm looking for a croquet set to borrow   have one?
"bring it on, thunder man "
thanks for the birthday love   drinks tonight at the lodge  ice cream making tomorrow at my place   let me know if you need directions to either 
does anyone know a nyc area epidemiologist?
goodbye summer   i had a great time- you treated me so well   i will keep you in my heart and will do my best to remember your languid ways until june   sigh   
loves cannellini beans 
rainy day sleep marathon repeatedly interrupted by screaming (playing?) children outside   i wish it would rain harder 
th' saucy wench <propfemale> be usin' ye olde facebook with the tongue o' english (pirate)   (and loving it )
"thinks someone has a jd voodoo doll   first laryngitis, then conjunctivitis, now neck pain that keeps me from rotating my head more than 30 degrees "
fever broke!  happy to return to the land of the clear-minded and productive 
dreams of escaping to a cozy vermont cabin 
wishes outside momma cat would go into the cozy winter condo i made instead of crying at my window   she's breaking my heart while <propmale> and <propmale> are lying around in the warmth of the apartment looking smug 
missed nearly a whole month of kurosawa at film forum   damn   i need to poke my head out of the teaching bubble more often 
sick again on narrative-writing weekend   i'm starting to think it's psychological 
cooking <propfemale> baked beans with a smoked ham hock  might have to leave the house because the smell is so amazing that i'll end up snacking continuously for the 3 more hours it takes to cook 
long island slumber par-tay!
snow day!!!!
"oh, purim  the young hassidic men dressed in drag (as hassidic ladies with proper dresses, gold earrings, and head wraps) almost makes me forget the rv blaring bad music  almost "
note to self: don't read all the good lab reports first    screw these crappy lab reports- i'm going for a run 
pop tarts and delirium tremens for dinner
"mint julep,  smoked oysters, and saltines "
feels like yuck 
"hey chicago folks- one of my favorite students, tuvshinbold <propmale>, has decided to start a new life in your fine city   please treat him well and send any odd jobs his way (he is a master of odd jobs and would make an amazingly attentive and trustworthy photo assistant)   i'm putting his health and happiness in your hands!"
"has spring fever   not the rutting type, but the ride a bicycle all night long type "
is impressed by the beauty of this day 
second year: done 
"bad, bad <propfemale> to the asshole who stole my bike seat "
"anyone in the nyc area have a tube tv they don't want anymore?  it needs to work well enough to get a picture (either through vhs dvd or broadcast)   i can pick it up, and it'll be used to teach the youth of today about electrons   looking for a donation from friendly folks before turing to flaky craigslist "
without voice
who wants to go for a hike tomorrow?
widmer beer at my corner bodega  nice 
just made an amazing egg and cheese sandwich thanks to years of mentoring from karrin ellertson   thank you karrin 
"nyc teachers:  tomorrow's the day to wear red   that is unless you like ms  black   if that's the case, we need to talk "
"the 808 kickdrum, makes the girlies get numb   \we're rollin' rainier and the jealous wanna get some "
"dear nyc, the fact that someone decided that a second yellow line needed to be painted down my street on a fridged friday night sort of warms my heart  your absurdity is amusing "
loves the scent of snow 
lonnnng day at the edukation farm 
brussels sprouts!
the kids left my heart all warm and fuzzy  starting break off on the right foot 
someone in my hood is blasting <propmale> and the chipmunks christmas songs 
goin a bit stir crazy  who wants to go bar hoppin?
noooooooooooooo! i don't wanna go to school! nooooooooooo!
no longer a passport virgin 
begin three years to <propfirst> plan 
"rip momma cat   you were a tough cookie, but your heart of gold made up for your rough exterior   i'll miss you "
adios 20 degree high temperatures  on my way to the yucatan peninsula!
portland style piss rain 
one root canal   one student in crisis   one parent in crisis   zero grading done   f-it   i'm calling it a night 
"wow egypt, you rock "
had a good night with sun foot   thanks pdx fellas 
a first in what will become an annual tradition: ice students in the nyc science and engineering fair tomorrow   go ice!
"i really, really, really, really, really, really, really don't want to grade papers   but i will "
glass of wine in the bathtub  thursday therapy 
here's hoping for a relatively quiet purim 
"my cat is obsessed with q-tips  he digs them out of the bathroom garbage, plays with them a bit, then leaves them piled on my bed  i find my new evening ritual of removing q-tips from my bed to be a bit strange "
"the student that i mentored for the nycsef made it into the intel science fair!  props to her amazing neuroscience teacher <propfemale> dubno who pushed her to create such an awesome project   los <propfemale>, here we come!"
