1a90858e3abae3de49c5c77ce9c628dc
"i just read the other day that alabama is closing in on being the fattest state in <propfemale>, mississippi is still #1  you know what i say to that? what a disgrace! let's be like colorado and be the skinniest state in the usa! fried foods and laziness is th"
"listening to one of my old favorites, a singer named shania twain, lol "
"<propfirst> mayer, famous for his meats has died at 95  that is some good meat too "
"i don't know about any of you people, but i think los <propfemale> is going to burn to the ground "
"<propfirst> jones and <propfirst> ingram have been reinstated by the ncaa  so, they will play this saturday, thank goodness! lets beat tech!!!"
"if any of you big football fans did not stay up until 12 smile 0 last night, you missed a big fight at the end of the boise state vs  oregon game  one guy from the oregon team threw a punch and hit a boise state player in the jaw right next to his lip  then as the oregon team was walking out, the same player tried to fight a boise state fan  anyway, i just want to say to this lunatic, it is just a game, grow up!!!"
"by the way the score to that game was boise state 19  oregon 8   very wild game, but i'm proud of boise state "
my game predictions for this saturday: alabama 28  va tech 17 ; auburn 35 la tech 21 
"i watched the tulane vs  tulsa game, actually a pretty good game  also, there were no fights after the game, thank goodness! hopefully tomorrow there will be no fights "
my upset game pick for tomorrow: oklahoma vs  byu  i predict the score will be: byu 20  oklahoma 19  i believe lavell edwards will be looking down from the skies at his team beating the sooners 
"alabama 34 va tech 24, great game! sec! sec! sec!  and i got my upset prediction right as well: byu 14 oklahoma 13, i predicted byu would win! but, i really hope that <propfirst> <propmale> gets better, that was a horrible thing that happened, but i know that whenever he gets to play again, he will do great!"
"i listened to the alabama game on the radio, and during the first half it was a bit dismal  but, the second half we cranked things up! richardson scored 2 td's, he was the highlight player of the game in my book! our defense did very well too! we got north texas next week, and it will be on tv believe it or not! lets support the tide! roll tide!!!"
"i just went to scout com, and tennessee has picked some big time recruits for the class of 2010  i don't know about anybody else, but i believe <propfirst> kiffin is doing it the wrong way  get ready for some very harsh ncaa penalties, they are coming!!!"
"be who you are and say what you feel, because those who do mind don't matter and those who do matter don't mind   -dr seuss"
hateful to me as the gates of hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another   -<propmale> (author of the illiad and the odyssey)
"i watched the alabama vs  north texas game today, and it was a great game! our offense and defense really put up the <propfirst> today  this was another game where we got to dig deep in the depth chart, and the second and third string players did not disappoint! lets get ready for arkansas next week and roll tide!!!"
"i was very shocked and surprised when i looked at college football's ap poll for this coming week  the washington huskies are #24, they were 0-12 last year and they are only 2-1 this year  but, i look at it this way, any team that steps out onto that field and upsets usc like that, that team earns a spot in the top 25 ap poll  i believe washington could be something very special in the near future "
"i will become a grown man in a week  the big 21! man, how time flies  sometimes i think about all the bad and good i have done in my life  and good and bad things that has happened to me, but i want to tell you all something  it is by the grace of god that i am alive today!!! to live 21 years, god must have kept me here for a purpose!!! i have a loving god!!!"
"bama played another great game  we put a lot of pressure on the quarterback and we showed a lot of consistency and <propfemale> on both sides of the ball  we got kentucky next week, lets show support for our tide  roll tide roll!!!"
"i watched the alabama game today, and the defense did ok without hightower, but i have noticed a huge difference on the chemistry of the defense  we allowed 20 points in this game, the most of the season  we won and i will take it, but ole miss will be a tough one  defense has to improve!!! offense did their part, which was good  lets support bama next week against ole miss, roll tide!!!"
24 actually against va tech was the most    but we have to improve on the d 
"alabama did great tonight, they played great defense! <propfirst> ingram got over 240 yards, carrying most of alabama's offense! but there is no question, we have to improve  we have tennessee next week, so bama fans lets support our tide!!! rammer jammer yellow hammer give'em hell alabama!!!!!  wink "
"well, alabama won by the skin of their teeth, but we are very fortunate  my mvp award goes to <propmale> <propfirst> for blocking 2 tennessee fgs  people say this game was very controversial, but here's how i look at it: if the officials do not call the penalty on excessive celebration or taking off the helmet during a live play when the clock is running out, we automatically win the game "
"alabama fans lets support our tide nov  7 against lsu, and lets hope and pray that we win the game, it will be another <propmale> hurdle in sec play, and a <propmale> recruiting factor  i'm still breathing a heavy sigh of relief from the tennessee game!"
"hawks vs  pacers tomorrow night!!! let's go atlanta hawks, the big tipoff begins at 6pm on fox sports south  go hawks!!!"
my atlanta hawks beat the indiana pacers 120-109 tonight! go hawks!!! my hawks will play the washington wizards this friday night!
"my hawks won again, 100-89 over the washington wizards, 2-0 baby!!! we play the los <propfemale> lakers sunday night at 8 smile 0  go hawks!!! big game!"
"hawks defeated the trailblazers last night in portland 97-91! we needed revenge from the la lakers loss, and we got it! lets continue the revenge tonight against the sacramento kings in sacramento! the game will be on sportsouth at 9pm "
"the hawks won again in the west against the sacramento kings 113-105! so, we have won 2 out of 3 in the west  next game will be against the <propfemale> bobcats in <propfemale>  i hope we keep the winning streak going  go hawks!!!"
"alabama is sec west champs!!! looks like we meet again florida! also, alabama after the game gets a huge 5-star commitment from s <propmale> <propfirst> from greensboro, nc! roll tide! lets get mississippi state at starkville next week! roll tide!!!"
"my hawks win again beating the <propmale> nuggets 125-100! huge win! we got revenge from the <propfemale> bobcat loss  next game will be at new york, 5-2 now  go hawks!!!"
"so, i have heard about this 2012 movie    and according to the mayan calendar, the world will end on dec  24, 2012  ok    am i really going to believe that some idol worshipping indian tribe's calendar's prediction is going to really happen  give me a break!!! the only thing i will believe is god's word, and only god knows when the end of the world will come "
"my hawks beat the celtics 97-86!!! very huge win!!! also, the other night we beat the knicks 114-101! now we are 7-2, go hawks!!! big win on the road, now 4-2 this season in road games "
"well, alabama beat mississippi state 31-3, roll tide!!! offense and defense did a phenominal job! also, my atlanta hawks got another win against the new orleans hornets 121-98! go hawks!!! now that's getting the job done!!!"
"my atlanta hawks won last night 99-95 in ot against the portland trailblazers, this game was very wild  but, our determination strictly focused on offensive rebounding and playing hard nosed defense which resulted in a hard fought win  now that's getting the job done!!! go hawks! we play the miami heat wednesday night, we are 9-2 which is tied for the best record in the nba with the phoenix suns "
"my atlanta hawks beat the miami heat 105-90! we are 10-2, and best in the eastern conference! now that's getting the job done! and still tied with the phoenix suns, we play the <propmale> rockets friday night! go hawks!!!"
"my atlanta hawks win another one 105-103 over the <propmale> rockets! we have won 7 games in a row!!! go hawks! now that's getting the job done! we have the best record in the nba!!! 11-2 now! tomorrow night, we play the new orleans hornets in the big easy "
"well, alabama won big today, but we need to really work on preventing these careless penalties  well, lets get ready for the auburn game on friday  roll tide!!!"
"well my tide won 26-21, a very wild game, but i'll take the win! florida next week in the sec championship! lets give them hell this year  can i hear a roll tide people!!!"
"my hawks finally broke their 2-game losing skid, beating the 76ers of philadelphia 100-86! go hawks!!! we play the detroit pistons sunday afternoon  we are now 12-4 "
"the other night, the atlanta hawks beat the toronto raptors: 146-115  that is the most points the hawks have scored in a game all season  we play the ny knicks tomorrow night! go hawks!!! we are 13-5 now!"
"the big game is tomorrow and regardless of who wins roll tide!!! my scoring prediction: #2 alabama 20  #1 florida 17  personally, i think tebow is overrated and urban meyer can get cocky sometimes, but florida is florida    anyway, roll tide roll!!!"
"alabama is the 2009 sec champions !!! roll tide!!! 32-13  all this hype about tebow(how the mighty has fallen)! next stop, pasadena baby!!! we will party like it's 1992!!!!!"
"last night, the atlanta hawks defeated the <propfirst> mavericks 80-75  we really needed this win! this was a very wild and tense game  i was amazed at the determination of the hawks  we did not give up and we kept fighting all the way through  great win hawks!!!"
"tonight, the atlanta hawks defeated the chicago bulls 118-83! what a game this turned out to be  everyone on the hawk's bench scored, even the big fellas that hardly ever gets to play scored! go hawks!!! 15-6 now! we play the toronto raptors friday "
<propfirst> ingram is the 2009 heisman trophy winner!!! roll tide!!! it is the first time in alabama football history we have had this happen 
"i failed to mention that the atlanta hawks beat the chicago bulls last night 111-89  go hawks, we are 16-6 now!"
"watched basketball and football all day, and saw a couple of une playful ected upsets along the way  i even watched my atlanta hawks lose, but they gave a heck of a ball game  they rebounded well, and they did not give up  all my teams lost, but heck i'll stay loyal and have faith!"
"the atlanta hawks got their 20th win this season by beating the minnesota timberwolves 112-87 tonight  we are 20-7 now, go hawks!!! lets win some more games!"
"lets never take christ out of christmas, because jesus is the reason we celebrate such a world known holiday today  everyone i hope you have a wonderful <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year! from me to you!  smile "
urban meyer will step down as head coach of florida after sugar bowl 
i hope everyone has a great 2011  what good and bad things will happen this year? only the good lord knows  my biggest wish for this year is that our economy will greatly improve and that people who are still unemployed will get a job 
roll tide! capital one bowl champs!!!
alabama is the 2009 national champions!!! i've waited and waited for this moment for years and by golly we did it! roll tide!!! #13 baby and don't forget it!!!!!!
the u s  army all-american bowl is on saturday! i can't wait to see who some of the highly touted recruits will be choosing to play football! roll tide roll!!!
"my atlanta hawks beat the boston celtics again! we are now 3-0 against them this season, 2-0 at boston, 1-0 at home! i think it's pretty darn good to be 3-0 against a perennial powerhouse like boston  go hawks!!!"
<propfirst> kiffin leaves tennessee and goes to coach usc  and of course daddy goes with him    i swear his dad will bail him out of anything  <propfirst> knew tennessee will get probation!
the atlanta hawks win their 25th game of the season by beating the washington wizards 94-82  we are 25-13 and 2nd in our division  go hawks!!!
my atlanta hawks barely win by the skin of their teeth 102-101 over the phoenix suns with a 3-point buzzer beater by <propmale> crawford! go hawks!!!
<propfemale> coakley (d) for massachusetts senate!
"well, it looks like brown is going to get the senate seat in massachusetts  well, all i got to say is disaster here we come   "
"i got a feeling that auburn is going to do better in recruiting than alabama    but, we got the depth we need and the e playful erience  roll tide everyone!"
"my atlanta hawks have won their 30th game of this season by beating the boston celtics 100-91! that is 4 times in a row this season! <propmale>so, i would like to congratulate <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> horford for making the 2010 nba <propmale>l-star game in dallas,tx! go hawks!!!"
"a <propfemale>n olympic luger dies right near the finish line on his bobsled in the winter olympic trials  i know one thing, the former soviet republic of <propfemale> has had enough tragedies  things do indeed go \out of control\"" over in that country """
"i may not have a <propfirst>, but happy <propfirst>'s day to all of you  also, i hope you all have a blessed day "
my atlanta hawks have won their 35th game this season by beating the utah jazz 105-100! go hawks!!! (first time sweeping the jazz in a season since '93)
my atlanta hawks win their 40th game of the season by beating the <propfemale> state warriors 127-122 (about 8 guys got in double figures on the hawks roster)  this was a hard fought revenge game! go hawks!!!
"i filled my ncaa bracket on paper and i have west <propfemale> winning it all  also, i have the following teams on my final four: kansas, syracuse, west <propfemale>, and villanova "
done lost my first prediction of the ncaa tournament (notre dame vs  old dominion)  what an upset!
"byu got florida, and byu's fredette scores 37 points! got this prediction right!"
"villanova beats <propfirst> <propmale> in overtime, what a game! got this one right! villanova was one of my final four teams "
another heartbreaking loss in the ncaa tournament  <propmale> state beats vanderbilt by 1 point on a buzzer beating shot  my second prediction loss by a 1 point margin 
i believe the biggest shocker that happened in the ncaa tournament is when ohio beat georgetown  that game hurt my bracket quite a bit! and to think ohio was a #9 seed in the <propmale> tourney! at least i still have my final four right 
my predictions for today's games went a lot better today  no huge upsets so far!
looks like st mary's will beat villanova  this is a big blow to my bracket! oh how the upsets continue 
a lot of people's brackets are probably hanging in the balance 
kansas loses!!
"\grandstand oppose postpone \"" representative <propfirst> markey of massachusetts could not have said it better   """
my atlanta hawks win their 45th game of this season by beating the san <propfirst> spurs 119-114! they have clinched a spot in the playoffs  go hawks!!!
"been watching c-span and it looks like everything is going the democrat's way so far! this is the greatest victory for us! we have been tired of the delays, and years of struggles with our healthcare system! democrats=hope  and republicans=nope!!! again, the word i have been wanting to hear for months v-i-c-t-o-r-y!!!"
hr 4872 passes in the house  this is the second reconciliation <propmale> of the health care <propmale> which was redone by the senate  this is another v-i-c-t-o-r-y for the democrats!
it is finished  happy easter to all people all over the world!
"oi just watched the braves opening day game and i just want to say that game was probably the best opening day game i have ever watched! the pitchers especially did a fantastic job! in my opinion, <propfirst> wagner is the best closer the braves could have got in years! also, he threw some of the fastest pitches that i saw all game  and heyward and mccann did a great job! 16-5 braves!!!"
"my atlanta braves win again   i just wish the hawks would learn to finish a road game, turnovers    turnovers    turnovers!!!"
<propfirst> cox gets tossed out of the game for the 154th time in his career in his final season as braves manager  does not surprise me   
and the braves lose   
"some people want to talk to you, some people will not    i guess sometimes it shows who your real friends are   "
"i watched the braves game a few hours ago, and i just want to say what happened?! by the 8th inning it look liked they just quit trying  but, i will give my congratulations to the giant's pitcher, struck out like 10 of our guys  i hope we do better against the padres   "
"my atlanta hawks finish the season 53-29! tonight, they beat the <propmale> cavaliers 99-83  still wondering who they will play in the 1st round of the nba playoffs  also, i want to congratulate the rookie <propmale> teague for scoring 24 points, and had like 12 assists  go hawks!!!"
"alabama gets 2 huge commitments before the spring game started  #1 ha'sean clinton-dix out of florida, and #12 de lamicheal fanning out of auburn! roll tide!"
"come on, let me show you where it's at  ohhh come on, come on let me show you where it's at  the name of the place is \i like it like that!!!\"" guess who wrote this song?"""
"alabama gets another big commitment  this time out of the state of tennessee, #10 cb jabriel washington  roll tide!"
my atlanta hawks win the east 1st round against the milwaukee bucks 4-3  we will play the <propmale> magic in the next round  go hawks!!!
i want to personally congratulate the <propmale> magic for their great performance during this 4-game series  the hawks were simply outdone by the magic's 3-point shooting  the hawks will have to make some good trades this summer and hopefully get a good rookie  great season hawks!!!
i believe lebron's days in <propmale> are over  what do you people think??
"well, today the atlanta hawks made the biggest mistake i believe they could have ever made  today, they fired in my opinion the best basketball coach they had ever got in years  <propfirst> woodson in his 5-year span as head coach dramatically improved the hawks regular season record from 13 wins his first season in atlanta to 53 from this past season  i hope he finds another team to coach and i sincerely hope he does well "
"i believe <propmale> sparks will win the democratic primary tonight! i've been watching the results so far and it has been looking good  all of you that voted today, we all did our duty as citizens! whoever voted for sparks in the primary, lets hope he gets the democratic nomination as our governor!"
"alabama gets a huge commitment today  #3 ranked mlb in the country <propmale> depriest from spingfield,ohio  this is the 2nd commitment for alabama from the state of ohio  roll tide roll!!!"
"today, california's proposition 8 was overturned by a federal judge  this is a huge victory for same sex couples wanting to get married  this is a step in the right direction for marriage equality  if you asked me, this judge got this one right! i am glad some people are coming around  proposition 8 is \unconstitutional \"""""
"for all of you that wished me a happy birthday, thank you!  smile  i'm so glad i have some friends that care!  smile )"
this november: vote democrat 
"alabama may have lost their game, but i truly believe everything happens for a reason  it was not meant for us to win this game apparently  we got all the <propfemale> and attention for over a year  now i believe its another team's turn to get all the hype and <propfemale>  there are several good times out there that deserve a <propmale> to be national title contenders  who will it be??? only time will tell   "
dadt of 1993 has been halted by a federal judge  great news for the democrats and the lgbt 
there is a huge difference between ignorance and stupidity  i have seen a lot of things in life such as things on television and what people do around me  and i have always came up with the conclusion that i would rather be ignorant than stupid  because ignorace is bliss and there is always something to learn everyday  i always try to learn from my mistakes  stupidity never prospers!
"well, alabama might have lost another game, but i knew from the get go that this game was going to be tough  and i want to tell every alabama fan this  we will not win every game, so we need to quit whining about it  and another thing, i believe cam <propmale> is innocent and i believe this whole money thing with mississippi state is out of jealousy and politics   "
"the iron bowl is 3 days away! this will be the biggest and most exciting game in the nation in my opinion  and if alabama wins or loses, i will still support my team no matter what  but i will say this, cam <propmale> is the best player i have ever seen in college football  he is better than <propmale> tebow, way better  i will support cam to win the heisman "
"i believe cam <propmale> rightfully deserves the heisman trophy  anybody who goes through allegations like he has and carries their team through a season undefeated deserves the award  also, <propfirst> chizik is a great coach, better than tuberville "
"i am hoping by next week that the u s  senate can come up with some kind of compromise on the matter of the bush-era tax cuts  also, i am hoping people that are unemployed can get an extension  i am tired of seeing our senators playing games when it comes to matters like this  it is just plain unacceptable!"
the repeal of dadt has passed in the senate 65-31  it now goes to the president for his signature  big victory!
jesus is the reason for the season!
"overall, i am pleased with what our 111th u s  congress has done over the last 2 years  i read in the paper that it was the most progress ever made by any congress since the 1960s  democrats saved our economy and our nation's reputation  now, what our 112th congress can do next year?"
i just want to wish everyone a <propfemale> christmas and also a happy new year  we are very fortunate to have such a privilege to celebrate christmas  and we need to pray for all the families that are unemployed and especially unemployed families that have children  we take for granted that we can get presents and all the needs that can be fulfilled  god bless!
we should always judge ourselves before we start judging others  because we were all created equal and there is only one being that is perfect  and that being has always been there for me even though times seemed impossible  that being is in the heart of every person that asks for their love 
back to the future is one of the coolest movies i have ever seen  great movie series! it's been shown so much on satellite this year  it's all the rage since the movie series is celebrating its 25th anniversary 
"we may have a got some snow and some ice  but, it's nothing like 1993 or 1996   thank god for that!"
alabama has got a new governor  the question is will he make alabama's economy better? <propmale> <propmale> did a terrible job  he was probably the worst governor in alabama history  he killed many jobs and people's family's are having to face the burden and pain  i hope <propfirst> bentley lives up to his promises   
mlk i must say is one of the biggest heroes in the civil rights movement  he was a great man!
i am having a great night so far! alabama upsets #12 kentucky  and the atlanta hawks beat the miami heat! roll tide!!! go hawks!!!
"<propfirst> bentley says that if you're not a christian, you are not his brother or sister  did he ever think about the 1st amendment?? apparently not    if he is going to run this state in that direction  he needs to step down as governor  one thing i cannot stand is discrimination  people should have the freedom to live their live the way they see fit "
