98048e506e733dabc0a888a0a74bcdbe
the girls are home with <propfirst> while i work    i wonder what they are gettin into   
ouch!!!!
my friend <propfirst>! god bless you <propmale>! this is <propfirst> not <propfemale>  
happiness calmness warmth vision clarity love!
"my wonderful friends and their families, wish we had more time to talk, but there is always tomorrow!!!! love all of you!!!"
jaded
starting off the new year with a bang
anybody know of a good and cheap massue (massager person?)?? im desperate!!
"temperarily unavailable  will respond to all posts, messages and texts when i am able to "
sooooooooo sick         but soooooooooooo worth it!
geezlouise fb slow down!!
"crabs, crazy <propmale> at the bar, lots of patron, stealing beers from chris   and top it off with some scooby snack from a fine a** waitress     yup, life is good (and a little weird)"
"\fortunatly my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of the average human\"" ~shrute"""
sick again!!!! what did i do to deserve this?  sad  at least the rain can lull me to sleep    
much to do    many to see     i need me sum vitamin c!
everything is looking a little smokey still
"ahh, finally, a night for me ~ im gonna take full advantage of some peace and quite    "
good friends are hard to find   and when they leave    i wanna shed a tear     u know who u are
hittin up tango <propmale> <propmale> to watch some sexy brazil chicas shake it like a salt shaka ~
people keep asking me why i'm so happy      come on people!!!!! this world and the people in it are beautiful! life is only as complicated as you wanna make it ~ drama free is the way to be     that's how i stay happy  smile 
lazy dazy     gearing up for tango tonight with my ladies!!!!
    in the end   it looks like i'm the one who got their ass kicked  sad  one of those days where you just want to fall asleep so that it will just be over already    
ballard's bustin my balls man!
°easter reminds me of my mom and her baskets full of lipgloss for me  smile  its the little things in life that gives me pleasure   and when all we have is mem
i love lazy day weather!!
ahhhh~poolside is definatly the place to be right now!
"loves a good nap!!! oooo man! rested, refreshed and ready for the weekend!"
needs a good laugh     comedy store here i come!
perfect day for taking the dogs to the park    
and im off!!!
ugh! what the heck is one to do on such an ugly day?!
"ñmmmmmmhmmmmm ballpark food here i come!! im going to need a personal trainer by the end of today     anybody know of a hot, studly trainer that could who"
ñop my a*s back into shape?!
is still full from yesterday    barf
is finally wiring her harness and realized her soldering gun just maybe her favorite new toy    
needs food in her tummy pronto!!
let the day begin        lookin forward to a relaxing weekend      
is hearing <propmale> music in her head      it must be go time!!!
     must     stay       awake      
"     in a battle between work time and siesta time, the bed will win everytime     "
    backstage with redman & nickatina    just anutha day~
hasn't slept yet    been to entranced by the patter of raindrops    
making fresh tortilla soup for the familia     
is a bonafide daddy's girl and proud of it dammit
31cent scoop day at baskin robbins    everyones going crazy! how come ive never heard of this??
nuthin like a good <propmale> <propfirst> burrito to fill a hungry girl up!!
some fool spilled my <propfirst> <propfemale> and didnt even offer to replace it! what happen to gentlemen?
"applied my deodorant on top of my tshirt     hope this doesnt set the pace for the day, cause we're not off to a good start     "
"whoa     ludacris & <propmale> songz, sex room      i cant remember when just a song got me that hott & bothered     genuine, my pony perhaps    "
yessssss!!! love wakin up to a tile saw outside the bedroom window first thing in the morning    
laying on a blanket reading at the park while osita runs amok
owalking the dogs down a jetty and there were 21 felines scattered amongst the rocks all just mad doggin the dogs as we walked down the aisle    that was
othe scariest pack of cats ive ever seen!
"home alone     what to do      gotta make it something good, this is a rare occurance!"
sun bathing with the dogs     5 minutes and i already look like a true puerto rican!!
just realized tomorrow is cinco de mayo!!!!!! what's poppin san <propmale>?? let's party!
anyone who knows the true reason we celebrate cinco de mayo gets a prize!!!
queer people of color conference at sdsu    i just report em like i see em   
údo i have the right to do physical bodily harm to the man who hit a dog with his car?? and then honked and yelled at it while he laid yelping and whimper
úing in the street      like it was the poor dogs fault??! humans disgust me
beach bummin    
"yesterdays history, tomorrows a mystery      best says it best     "
"beach    check! shower    check! next    aja's and big hugs from baby bro, ive been waiting too long for this! no more excuses!"
put 10 people together after a game of beerpong and try to decided which club to hit up next     we started this descusion a good 15min  ago     
dont stop till u get enough       
sometimes it sux running into peeps from high school      unless its <propfirst> carpenter!!!!!!
partner assistance stretching desperatly needed after last night! my body weary   as the late and great <propfirst> <propmale> would say
if i could just find a career that requires laying around in the sun in my bikini      im kind of a pro at that        i think i would make millions
im so hungry it hurts      literally
i do believe papa johns garlic sauce is one of the best flavors in the world     thats just my opinion
crappy creepy weather     fits my mood
i love how dogs always know when u just need a little love
please make it stop   
good friends are amazing
middle aged men and their toyz     gotta love em
4 more hours and ill be sippin margaritas on the beach in la roca
"we came, we saw, we drank     we fell asleep on the beach  life is good!"
home is where the heart is     its also where daddy and i lay around reading books all day  have i mentioned     life is good
i wanna make love in this club     
i think     i need a doctor    
anybody ever have their appendix removed??!??
dht they had thought of everything    they go and surprise me!
di think ive discovered the craziest book of all     a woman who murders men when shes on her period! only when shes on her period! haha just when i thoug
cant wait to see the mcgrubber movie!!!!
late night creative juices flowing   
chinese medicine vs traditional doctors     thoughts?
i just saw a full <propfirst> get raided on the freeway    dogs and coppers everywhere!
god i love the way a glock feels in my hand    
   when in doubt     just do it   
i love it when i get exactly what i want the second i want it  smile 
the little one is off to slumberland     why does time fly so fast when we're having fun??!
oh man oh man    the countdown begins    4 days until memorial river madness!!
i like new friends  smile 
i bet my philley could top ur b-la big brutha <propmale>  wink 
has got rasta maddness!!!
i need need need the new shellac nail polishes!!! omg!!!!
loves it when alarms pierce thru the house for no damn reason    is ot really time to get up??!! no!!!! then why am i???
i slipped a tortilla under my pillow and the <propmale> <propfirst> fairie left food in my fridge!!
"xok, im officially mortified  i was in the parking lot trying to stick my key in the door and it wouldnt fit so i start to panic     and then the owner of"
x the car approaches and asks me what i'm doing  not even my car!! oh man whatta doofus!
i just dipped my eggroll in the sweet & sour sauce     and it tasted like blood  i've officially lost my appetite    
hot sun     cold beer     and lots and lots of skin    im never coming home!
in the middle of the river       and i still managed to find someone who bought the evans v jackson     good to know i havent lost my touch  wink 
its not even 8 yet and these savages are making me get up to start partying again!! swear to buddha    didnt i just fall asleep??! they show no mercy!
cameras provide evidence     
i can feel the river taking me over     i dont even want to wear clothes anymore     f**k pants!
they want to eat me alive!!!!
gotta love daddy and his raidolitos    savior!
aww naww hell naw ya'll been up and done it!!! round 4 here we go      
movin my hips like yeah      theres a party in the usa
apparently     i've lost a day
cant sleep
yes     i am a professional nut cracker
is outta commission    but is searching for a sexy nurse and will be holding interviews next week 
i kind of like hangin on el cajon blvd on the lower digit streets  you live such shelter lives 
wishes she could go to the <propfemale> <propfirst> show tonight  im sad 
just when i thought it couldnt get any worse
post apocolyptic dreams are never a good sign    especially when i've been having them for over a year every night 
my dog knows the difference between going out clothes and staying home and relaxing clothes and will act accordingly depending upon what i put on     dam
n i love smart doggys!!
"so apparently my lifestyle is hurting my body and i've been told to slow down    grandma hasn't slowed down, why should i??!!"
i ate way to much meat last night    but with j$$ on the grill not even a vegetarian could resist!
at home depot with dad    he has me guarding the soil so no one takes the ones he wants  smile 
anyone needs firewood for bonfires this summer let me know     boss is getting rid of scrap wood
home depot     round two    dad really wants that bag of soil!
about to lay poolside with one of my favorite people in the world
anyone know hypnosis?
i keep kicking the dogs out and the lil boogers keep opening the door and sneaking back in!
watching pirate radio with pops and the dogs   
"people are changing  getting harder, less gentle  our attention span is shortening  we can not concentrate  we do not care unless it directly concerns us  sex has lost its signifigance  love is a joke  violence is a way of life  no respect for the law  crime does pay  religion is just another cult  i feel sad and sorry for those who fear true emotion and run from their feelings  i do not pray, but i always have hope "
ex-wives are handy when you're in a pinch
errands for gas money   i love it!
i want to go to the zoo and watch the birds   
"down the highway and through the hills, to grandmothers house i go   family reunion here i come!"
just taught the kids pound sides brown    sean & <propfirst> would be sooo proud
why is it people always feed their dogs hamburgers in books?
"i fly, he buys    i can dig it"
"ok people    anyone need firewood for this weekend let me know  ill be brining home a large load of scrap wood, perfect for bonfires!"
told you so     crime pays    
does anybody have an ebay store? or know where one is?
watching the fireworks from the upper deck with papa
im already up and ready for the day    feels weird at this hour    but kinda good
ive got the urge to play some video games    do arcades still exsist?
i never noticed that birds chirp and sing all day and night    but they do 
"ive got to wash my hair     and no, thats not just an excuse"
watching the lightening over el cajon     we're in for some weird weather!
i smell like wet dog & chlorine   just nasty in this heat
my foot has doubled in size and i can not move my toes    i think something is wrong
im renaming my dog patches     i seriously effed up her haircut! lol
eating <propfemale> baked beans for a snack    hope i dont blow a hole in my bedsheets tonight   who wants to sleep over?!
4th annual zombie walk!! who wants to be undead with me?!
watching a bum piss on the bus stop bench   fucking disgusting piece of human filth!
the time has come my friends     siesta!
what the f**k is everybody staring at?!
"as im flying throught the air falling off the top of my jeep, i see <propfirst> <propfemale> in my head and i think to myself, tuck & roll!!"
waves crashing at sunset cliffs + city lights at night + sea world fireworks = i love san <propmale>!
"2 shades darker in less than half an hour, gotta love the san <propmale> sun  smile "
it's organization week!! garage sale this weekend!
"it's official     starting home dayz this week  spending waaay to much on gas, u wanna see me, u do the legwork"
eat <propfemale> roasted peanuts and then drink some milk    tastes almost as good as a pb&j!
"making a blanket    im not cold yet, but i will be!"
cruisen down the 94 bumpin shade shiest    i love my city!!
is cookin
<propfemale> oreos for breakfast    cause i'm a bad girl
making jelwery and hair extensions with toriana costantino
anyone need bonfire wood for the weekend hit a sista up!
is organizing stuff
"oreos for breakfast, thanx a lot <propfirst>, this has got to stop!"
hiccups make me feel like im gonna throw up
"is dipped & fresh     not sure what that means, but <propmale> dre says it all the time and it just feels right"
oh dear lord i love me sum firemen!!
calling all scotties     this <propfemale> is curious     who is <propfirst> west??!! *insert wolf whistles & cat calls*
what is the long term effects of waking up with a smile on your face everyday?
"flexing my creative muscles today   i can't seem to stop! calling all bohemian godesses out there    i'm debating have a jewelry party     all the girls getting together to combine and trade their creative talents, sound like a good idea?"
"monday mid afternoon and everyone is on facebook, lol, i popped on for a second to to some organizing and answers messages and got bamboozled!!"
just realized i have a choice!!!! i dont have to freeze my **** off!! thank the goddess for dual air settings!!
"ok, that's all i can take  i call quits on today, i officially give up    "
new goal: nobel e playful eriment     i will find you!!!
"listen up: i have a storage unit that e playful ires in 10 days, everything must go! if there is anything that anyone needs for a household please contact me  i have everything from furniture to kitchen supplies and random decoration items  (couch set, chaise lounge, bookshelves, wood entertainment center from <propmale> <propfirst>, pyrex cookware, electric can openers, basically, freakin everything)"
a squirrel attempted using my jeep to commit suicide!! i want no part of his death mission!
"pardon my fb ignorance    but what does \poking\""do   other than piss people off?"""
"ever attempted blowing your nose with a medium sized jawbreaker in your mouth? in case you were wondering, the immense size of the jawbreaker streches your cheek, positioning your nose so that snot comes out at a severe <propfemale> all over your face  in case you were wondering   "
cruise control  another fabulous way to fall asleep at the wheel  no bueno
ladies: just because you're beautiful doesn't give you a free bitch pass     karma will getcha
just stepped into the shower with my knee socks on    this is going to be an interesting day i can tell already
"gigante garage sale saturday!!!!!! <propfemale> <propmale> street la mesa: furniture, books, kitchen supplies, holiday decorations and whatever else we can drag out of dad's garage!"
i woke up to find a gorgeous boy in my house!!!!! am i still dreaming?? where did he come from?!
to all the lame-o's who delete people from their facebook when you're mad at them      you suck
a dude just threw his business card into my jeep window as i was parked at a light    wow   u boyz are gettin dangerously creative
the flow is so butta you could spread it on ya toast
in honor of mr diwa      welcome home!!!! missed you like crazy foo!
the sound of my sniffling nose makes me wanna shoot somebody
why are my thoughts coming so slow? am i getting old??
omg! i messed up sooooo big! thank you <propfirst> bloomquist for being the best neighbor ever!!
witty sarcasm bordering on rudness kinda turns me on
the black seed & the black keyes rocked the house & my world! thanx <propfirst>! gooney birds 4 life!
i dont know why i'm on facebook when im supposed to be getting ready for work     somebody stop me!
"my doggy is afraid of flies  sad  i dont know whether to laugh or console her, lol"
"to my dear friends who were with me on the eventful night that began at jt's (where i lost my keys, the title to my jeep, and several other items from my purse, oh yeah, and picked up a midget and took him with us to dennys)       i just made the discovery of a lifetime! apparently even in my drunken stupor i was looking out for myself    i found the motherload shoved underneath and up inside the passanger seat!"
there is nothing more satisfying than taking care of yourself
at which point are u supposed to stop watching your temperature rise and go to the hospital?
hand over your heart lets go home
i like it on the floor
at work all by my lonely  sad 
why is everybody poking me??!! what did i do??!!
ready for some entertainment    i can barely contain my excitement at the possibilities! house to myself for a whole week    let the games    begin!!!
"bye facebook    off to play with <propfirst> barksdale     enter the cave of darkness, wonder and mysery    "
i love the grossmont center panera!! they treat me like a freakin <propfemale>!! gotta love that service with a smile  wink 
"im <propfemale> gonna see you again so i just had to say hello there, you are an angel     ugh, gotta love that aussie charm!!! almost had me at hello"
tackle football at the park    who wants to get muddy?!!!
i need a kitten  anyone have one?
purple spirit day    support!
my dog sees ghosts
"impromtu photo shoot     why, you ask?    because we're female!!!"
"what's this \checking in\"" thing?"""
its possible ive broken a toe
"i love the relationship status \it's complicated\"" lmao    well of course it is silly!"""
"just got called a knuckle head by <propfirst> hunt     and it made me laugh, really hard  thnx for the smile j  smile "
"morning run complete   now i need a freakin hot pad for these cramps  sad  i hate how those bitches on the tampex commercial make swimming, running, yoga, tennis, and even clubbing look so damn easy and painless!!! effin liars!!!!! i wish i had a penis for a week instead of ovaries  sad "
"sometimes i wonder how the males species ever stayed in exsistance without us    im not callin u guys stupid, just saying u need a little help"
"just performed my first army field wound dressing bandage! we dont need no stinkin er     because my father is a man and real men dont go to the doctors, pssh"
i am the master of my fate  the captain of my soul 
black dynamite    hands down the best movie around!!!!
"talib @ spin, fluxx, sting, <propfemale>, 207, the w, monster bash downtown, quality social           too many things going on tonight!!! somebody help me narrow it down     what's poppin in dego kids??"
"i'm already over it  sorry guys, i'm really trying    but none of this going out isht sounds like fun anymore  unless you have something to wow me with, i've seen it all and done it about 7 years ago "
<propfemale> the pooh and the blustery day
"im cold, wanna snuggle"
brave new voices      like whoa
"giant sized grown ass men should not be riding childrens razor scooters, and safety is just one of the reasons"
"making breakfast for my sick papa    blueberry pancakes, bacon and orange slices    starve a fever feed a cold"
facebook wont let me add my etsy to my apps tabs     wtf??
sometimes loves comes around   and it knocks u down  just get back up when it knocks u down
nothing in my planner    what will today bring me?
"   and then i fell down the stairs    but, at least i did it gracefully!"
"i need a lotion bath, this dry air is killing my skin  sad "
"i almost hit a biker  and no, im not sorry, assholes"
the love and support i get from grandma and her friends gives me warm & tingly feelings
omg!!!! i left my hair straightener on next to the toilet paper    mini bathroom fire!! thats a first!
"on this day this world was graced with the presence of <propfirst> j shamoo    and the world was never the same again!!! happy birthday guapo, i know you'll have a good one  wink "
11:11     make a wish
gonna bust some ballz down at jolt & joes   or is it jolt n joes? and who is jolt?
aftr party at <propmale> & brents   holla atcha guurl
every woman should use what mother nature gave her until father time takes it away
"omg! pops is up and in party mode, lol funky jazz is booming upstairs and he wants to sit out on the balcony and watch the <propfemale> over some ice cream   lmao!!"
   and then he went to bed and left me all riled up! facebook   will you stay up with me?
"im blind to u haters, cant touch me rumor creators"
feelin romantical
"the constitution only guarantees the american people the \right to pursue happiness   you have to catch it yourself"
what are all these links?? i never sent these to you guys   dont open!!!
the sun!!! and just in time  thank u kindly mother nature!
please please please just let this day be over already
"sleep sleep sleep    not even counting sheep is helping  tried warm milk too, that was just nasty"
why does the world want to hurt pretty things?
double scotch on the rocks    because i dont wanna give a shit anymore  please and thank you 
"ok, just fell down the stairs again    and not gracefully this time  apparently im not supposed to be here at this moment    im going to bed, where its safe"
belo tonight     i'm not even close to being done!
caramel apple for breakfast     because i deserve it!
damn waterproof makeup
"eff it, too cold and too bored   going home and going to bed"
word up: i never post links to peoples walls   if you are recieving them from my <propfemale> do not open  they are not from me 
none shall pass
everybody needs a good woman in their life  my grandma says so 
street walking in downtown la mesa   i love my city  smile 
must  stay  awake  while im driving at least      once i make it home im gonna pass the eff out!
happy 420
invasion of memories
anyone out there have a pick up truck and big strong hands? i need some assistance por favor   
"black men on crotch rockets, sexy! old ladies who cant see over the wheel, dangerous! texting while driving, also dangerous!"
i love hugs from thugs
"if u have something of great quality, and u take good care of it, you'll have it forever"
is it too early to start thinking about new year's? because i am      
"pops is upstairs whining about the charger game     so im about to surprise him with some homemade almond roca  wink  shhh, its a suprise!"
"i cant stop eating almond roca, yet as much as i try, i cant seem to see the bad side of this    sugar for sugar"
mondo big garage organizing day with pops      the sugar shack will be closed until further notice
why cant anything ever go right?
ok   buck up lil soulja     who wants to take me dancing tomorrow night     time to sssssshake it off!!!
got some agression     crackin some nutz
what the curse was that???!! am i the only one who felt that??? that did not feel natural!
ewho would have thought a man over 80 and another just barely 20 would be the two people to give me the most peace and love a woman could ever ask for  yo
eu know who u are and that i love and <propfemale> u dearly 
"<propfirst> barksdale your mother is freaking amazing!!! lmao, she had me wantin a baby in less than 5 minutes flat!!! and she says my roca is perfection, i love a woman with good taste  wink "
"if we were in the wild, i would eat you"
"no way! coolest thing ever! i just ate a mouthful of cup o noodles, choked and shot the chewed noodle pieces out of my nose! im thinking of joining the circus"
"i hate4 this \new\"" facebook layout    not everyone likes changes man!!"""
a lonely breakfast for one  sad 
going home and going to bed  fml
thank god for my friends because i sure as shit dont get any love & support from my family
"there are creatures moving beneath me, i can hear their little feet as they run "
all i want is you
"dear lordy i love it when they do the slo-mo play by plays      can make a curl sweat!!! and u poor guys think we are pieces of meat, lol"
bald tires + rainy weather = awesomely dangerous fun!!
i need a freakin danish like its nobodys business!! and some milk please 
crappiest day of many during the holidays  had a fender bender in the rain and got reamed by someone who apparently hates christmas even more than me
comida y siesta
i wish someone would bring me something hot in bed
never been kissed on a new years countdown
come out come out whereever u are!! i will be selling jewelry and blankets at the ob famers markey today!
"come down to bmh italian bakery & deli for the best sandwiches, fresh soups and italian breads you've ever tasted on the west coast! ill be working 10 smile 0 - 2 smile 0, but doors are open until 5pm!! (7970 el cajon blvd in la mesa)"
come down to bmh today for lunch! ill be here until 230! best authentic italian sandwiches on the west coast!
another gorgeous day in san <propmale>! celebrate it by coming down to bmh for a sandwich!!
dance monkey!!
what the hell do u mean u dont understand???
"when i bake, i eat, and the only child in me doesnt wanna share   "
home invasions are real     real scary    i didnt sleep a wink last night     this house is too damn big  sad 
come on out to bmh today for sandwiches and smiles!!  smile 
lovin this san <propmale> winter
do not piss off a pregnant chick!!! <propfemale> mcwhirter griffith     just breath woman!!!!
make me laugh and ill give u a smile     for free!
my lunch left me still hungry and wanting more  sad 
day off finally and i dont feel like doing anything  annoyed 
i change in my car because its too damn cold in my house!
come out to bmh italian deli in la mesa today until 5pm for a late lunch or grab something to take home for dinner!
my favorite time to text is when im in the bathtub     its also a great way lose a phone
make a wish    
does this freakin thing even work?!
potted plants are always better than a bouquet of flowers   everytime the plant blooms she will think of you  wink 
taking kass to her first visit to joes crab shack and a spike & <propfirst> film showing!! about to rock this chicks world!!
jamba makes everything better  smile 
i finally get to watch runaway with someone who understands & appreciates kanye the artist!!
are u supposed to push the gas & brake pedals with your whole foot or just the toes? sometimes i feel like im to short to reach the pedals  sad 
has the weather got you feeling lazy? come into bmh and pick up some hot soup and ready made lasagna meals!
"if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i'm skinny, i don't eat  if i have curves, i'm fat  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit  girls, repost this if you're proud of who you are!!!"
everybody needs to eat! come down to bmh for a tasty deli treat!!
rain and tears   wash the earth and cleanse the soul
good music can bring tears to my eyes
"it's eatin time again    you know where to go    do i really have to say it anymore? special thanks to everyone who has come down already, i love to see familiar faces!!  smile "
do it    do it    do it    do it    come get some!!! bhm    u know it baby!!
i dance in my jeep like the club cant handle me right now ;p
get ready folks    bmh will soon have it's very own facebook!!
just found something worse than old people driving    old people driving while talking on their cell phones!!! get the off the effin road!!!
if somebody doesnt take me dancing soon imma have to do it on my own     and thats how <propfemale> gets snatched up!!!
killing is badong     bad wrong
just took my shoes off for the first time today and i swear i could hear angels singing
effin neighbors dog!!! put a damn muzzle on it already!! my one day to sleep in and i cant because these assholes are neglecting their animal!  rude
just the way talib says maserati makes me wanna take my pants off!! hijole!!
dontburn me mez!! he's a fire spitten dragon     got me bumpin on the way to work!! went from half asleep to rockin out in 3seconds flat!!
its  friday and i dont even care    all i want is a bubble bath and a sexy man to rub my feets  wink 
bmh all day long    come and get some!!!
"inpromtu sting stop    sure, why not"
"whoa!!! 4 hours later     somebody get me off facebook!!! time didnt just fly, it warped by! either that or someone slipped something in my drink  what am i doing with my life?! i need some sun    c u later gators"
at 4am i woke up to my dog vomiting on me    is this how my day is going to be
reflections eternal
"when someone u love hurts ur feelings it seems to take a long time for the hurt to go away   makes me feel irrational, but i cant help how i feel"
talib just made a <propmale> vonegut reference     i am eternally impressed with this man     stars in my eyes
let the curling up and crying commence
they should make a non-sex related inflatable doll that can spoon and hold u when u need someone
holy s**t! goldilocks just snipped snow white in the head!!
awesome     still trying to fall asleep and just noticed the sky was lightening    so much for that night
uncomfortably numb
whoa    i just went from not being able to stomach solid foods for 3 days to craving a costco polish dog    i'm going to think long and hard before i put this in my mouth
"ok kids   just noticed that i have over 39 messages in my inbox    if you have ever sent me a mesage in the past year    you're about to get a response!! sorry for the delay, <propfemale> rude  sad "
eek! now i cant sleep! thanx a lot <propfemale> for gettin me all excited!!
made a big giant bed on the floor    tucking my girls    a good night was had by all  wink 
awesome    gotta run thru the carwash   just threw up down the side of my jeep while i was driving  sad  my poor sad tummy  sad 
even though i see you everyday   it never feels like enough    i still miss u when ur away from me   always crave ur touch
fire flame   flame   fire flame spitta   
the war of yankee aggression    otherwise known as the civil war
whose in charge? well i guess i am  why not?? im a good monkey!! i hardly ever throw my poop anymore 
danger zone!!!
"anger, pain, suffering, rage      and im left feeling sad & weak    how am i supposed to save them all?"
blue eyed boy meets a brown eyed girl    
inappropriate rooster!! what the hell?!?
143     toot it & boot it   if we can't sleep   might as well go harder!!!
"unless u have something heavy to <propfemale>, someone please remind me what we even need men for?? other than the obvious baby stuff, ive got nothin   "
<propmale> watson thanks so much for coming into and visiting me today!! way to give the girls some eye <propfemale> ;p
couldnt sleep    got up early and painted my nails green and made a hair feather!! i love st  pattys day!! green all the time everywhere!!
"the time has come    death has been knocking and its rude to not let him in, the man is only trying to do his job  better him than me "
"<propfemale> aranda   just reminded me    they are making yucatecan pork stew    and hilaberto is gonna be in the kitchen today, yummy yum! come find out which is better, the stew    or our cook ;p"
crap    napped too much    wide awake  annoyed 
"about to go watch a movie on <propmale> watson's 3d tv!!! whoop! a first time for everything    im excited! hurry with ur errands <propmale> boi, i wanna play!!"
i heard a siren    pulled over    then realized it was comin from the song    lame!!
"candles lit, oils burning, the rain as my music    let the meditation begin"
up for an hour now     what the heck does my body feel the need to be awake at this ungodly hour for?!
"add palmspringsliquor la mesa ca as your friend today for updates, promotions and specials! they have the largest selection of beers! even bevmo sends customers to them!"
"thank you to everybody who has already accepted palmspringsliquor la mesa ca as your friend! we worked hard on the site and hope you all enjoy! post comments, tag pictures, and come in and visit!!"
my favorite part of birthday week is the extra time i get to spend with dad  starting our morning with a few hours of gardening  smile 
a pefect day for a trip to long beach    we are aquarium bound!! super excited!
we fight just so we can kiss & make up     now how i know she loves me ;p
holy crap   remember when i last has an alcoholic beverage    i have no idea where this night will lead    and that excites me!!!
"dear god i love the smell of mens cologne!!!! the men, eh, whatever"
ok    i must admit     i am lovingthis!!!!
dennys is packed?! cant u guys make breakfast for ur lazy ass selves?!
wake me when we get home please dannyboi    sugar is done! donesky!! done i said!!
"<propfemale> is sick    very very sick  sad  im canceling laser tag tomorrow, sorry guys   ill send out a message when i can hop online"
stop kicking my head!!!
sometimes i wish i could be as cold hearted and uncaring as the rest of the world
mushy berries suck
day 3 stuck in bed    dear lord i need a change of scenery    heading to the couch
he holds me when i cry  my own pain makes him suffer  now that is love boys & girls 
the last time i talked on the phone till i fell asleep was 10th grade with <propmale> martinez     u just one upped that one kid ;p  zzzzzz
i can throw my snotty kleenex across the room and sink it everytime   with my eyes closed  i smile as i hear it hit the trashbag    and snuggle back into sleep
"blood doesnt tell  dna doesnt make us  if we have any guts at all, we make ourselves"
crimeny!! he makes me stupid giddy!! oh brother
"hopelessly romantic  stupid fool, whats the point"
85
oooo wee!! super excited to spend my friday with one of my favorite people    lana loves you archer  wink 
ahhh  satisfied 
"having a phat girl moment, just me & my cake in the dead of the night    "
mother nature is so effin bipolar!!
you could hit a man upside the head with what you want women     he still wont get it   
bmh    come git some!!
when mars attacks    movies that dont suck
at the barbeque house in ob   could this day get any better?!
bmh   come git some!! its hot and i need entertainment!!
!! flowers at work!! i is a lucky girl!!  wink 
nap time before i pass out    dont let me sleep past 6!!
"tea, toast, book, bed    shuger is content  smile "
