9d0cda1f450958c21dca95d69e79aeb3
should i do winter drumline?
therapy doesn't help my mind still swirls with murderous thoughts mixed with agony at least i tried 
is working on white's stupid research paper uugh 
anyone else freaking out over the act tomorrow? actstudent org helps a hell of a lot
pissed about my act score 27 is so not good enough how much are they?thinking about taking it again so i can get at least a 32
guess what? i made my cat glow in the dark!!
"dude!!,change org is amazing!!make a difference and petition thnx de'pratt smile "
who's ready for the drought of 2010?
"need encouragement,who wants to work out w  me to achieve the elusive 6 pack?"
"my cat came back,awsome!!!!!!!!!!(stupid cat)"
"screw arizona!!!!!!!!!everyone, quick, grab an illegal do the mexican hat dance while getting wasted on margaritas and corona!!!(unless ur not 21) grumble grumble i don't even care about beaners that much but stupid arizona makes my blood boil with the fury of a thousands damned souls   too much?   makes my blood boil due to too much hot sauce?"
never thought i'd say this but      i want to go back to school!!!new low for me
"\someone save me if you will and take away all these pills\"""""
"anyone know the number (615)584-6050?some douchebag keeps calling me probably trying to prank call me,i guess "
i have a really good excuse for missing prom      
why am i still awake at 3:42 for the fourth day in a row?ugh 
anyone notice that <propfirst> bieber and christian vargas look a lot alike?
"fifa starts june 11 !!!!!!!!!!!!soccer,wooooo!!there's my mexican moment for the week "
serious question  would anyone care if i died?
hope it doesn't come down to germany vs usa
"i stood outside in the rain looking up at the pouring sky\the wind caressed my skin as it buffeted my hair about my face\i watched the lightning dance through the clouds\and listened to the booming roar of thunder\contemplating the beauty of nature \sigh\now i'm completely soaked  totally worth it "
kitten report: now 10 days old  1 chick 3 dudes  they are so adorable  smile 
still haven't received me schedule
"mtsboa columbia  is saturday!!!! yes that's right,we are gonna rock the place to the ground!! new people doing magnificently  italian ice!!!!!"
how am i a hippie nature goth and i own no hippie attire whatsoever?!? (frustration)
"the truth for those who have answered \21 questions\"" about me \",9d0cda1f450958c21dca95d69e79aeb3,"copy this to\yourstatus and see what people rate you       (1) ghetto (2) wish we\wentout (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable (6) crazy (7)\iwantyou( smile spoiled (9) wild (10) funny (11) beautiful (12)text me  wink \(13)wish i had ur number (14)we definately need to talk  do it!"
i should really get a cellular device  communicating with others when you do not have their <propfirst> makes it difficult to call them  (frustration)
anyone else feel that this break was too short?
who wants a free kitten? born on the 18th 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
