74044e42966f26ee428ccf7bcd597bcc
i got a job at <propfemale>'s today!
"just got back from the pool, feelin good!"
"today at work, i had an old lady bring a pair if her worn (and hopefully washed) panties so i could help her find the same ones!!!!"
gotta go get ready for work!
"i just mixed up some burgers, my first attempt ever  not sure how they will taste  i don't usually cook things that don't come in a box smile "
"wanna know what sucks? when you just want to talk to an old friend and none of them answer     brooke, <propmale>, or <propfemale>??????"
so i attempted public transportation for the first time today  not as easy as one would think  i got off the <propmale> (the train) i missed the last bus going home  i just walked at least 4 <propmale> in flip flops to get home  nothing like taking about 2 hours for what would have been a 20 minute car ride    what an adventure!
my feet stilll hurt from walking 4 <propmale> on tuesday
"really nice day today in portland,waiting for <propmale> to come home!"
good night  i love talking with old friends  its makes me feel good smile 
rain and cigs= what do you think?
"kinda missin' slc  missin friends, hangin out, etc , call me tomorrow  some familiar voices would be nice  hope people haven't forgot about me    801 870 9519    ya thats me      "
thats right! i got a promotion!
more money for me this holiday season  i start the new position on sunday!
"kinda bummed i won't see my family this year, but i still have a nice group of people to spend the holidays with!"
got a tooth pulled today  should be feeling better soon!
"i have to work at 6 am and i am so tired  so, why am i still up?"
i just finished my 10 day stretch at work so happy to be home and have a day off tomorrow!
"it snowing like crazy here in oregon! i am so excited, it makes it feel like home a bit!"
am i really still up watching a jersey shore marathon  i wish i could fall asleep!
just finished cleaning the house it smells reall nice right now!!!
now i have started dinner preparation! i will be an excellent housewife someday!!! haaahaaaa hhahaahhha 
nude!!!
one more night of inventory to go  hopefully everything will go smoothly tomorrow night!
watching the 20th year anniversary special on pretty woman  i love this movie!
i need to get my hair did    soon
i am going kick boxing with <propfemale> and triina  gonna be sore tomorrow!
i am not a good cook  the recipe i followed for cajun chicken fettucine <propmale> is not good  i don't know if it's me or the recipe i got off the internet    either way i am not a good cook!
"one more day of work, then i am leaving for 9 days! i can't wait "
"so now i am leaving portland, just as i met some of the best friends i have ever had  i willl miss you    but as <propfirst> put it, now she has a reason to come see the mall of <propfemale>  by the way its awsome!!!!!!"
"so i now know why i had a bad feeling at the start of today     my grandarents and cousin are in the hospital are in the hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning  they will be fine  my <propfemale>, <propfemale>, didn't make it sad "
"be in salt lake on the 23rd, can't wait to see everyone!"
"one more week of work at <propfemale>'s! no more coupons, or opening acounts, or one day sales     "
well we made it to salt lake!
"so i love <propmale> and busters  i won 500 tickets, which is the jackpot for the \spin the wheel\"" game  dude i rock!"""
its my first day at <propfemale>'s all over again!!!
"motorcycle ride to wisconsin today, my butt hurts!"
one more day of work to make a total of 9 days in a row!!! but thursday i get to go to salt lake for a whole week!
"i hate packing, i always feel like i am forgetting something!"
on the plane!
i have been stuck in the airplane now for almost an hour the problem is its still on the ground! there is a dent in the plane and they are checking it out 
i'm here!
"last night the couty fair and today, back to the 50's car show!!!"
tornado and flash flood warnings  stuck at macy's sad 
i got a promotion to sales supervisor of shoes  go me!
today is my friday!
time to clean house!
gonna win some money at the horse track!
bettin' on some ponies
i wish i was at least half as cool as my boy friend why his is he so sweet  g golly i'm a nerd!
at the minnesota state fair!
had a nice day on the motorcycle riding next to the mississippi river!
off to valley fair! gonna go on every ride
what a nice relaxing day off!
"i am so excited to go to bed, this is the best part of my crummy day!"
"r i p <propfemale>, my little shadow  i will miss you making sure that all my daily activities were ok under your watchful eye! you will always be a a biscuit!!!!"
home in time to shower and go to the twins game!!!
"been working for 9 days in a row, 2 more to go for a day off!!!  it will be worth it in the end!"
i hate the dentist!
twins game tonight!!!
we are picking up our <propmale> dog tonight!
"so, the <propmale> dog still doesn't like me!!!"
i am watching the labrynth  i forgot how awsome it is!
now that <propmale> is out snowplowing i can make a cocktail and watch the second half of the bad girls club on demand  maybe i can squeeze some real housewives in as well!
note to self: next time you eat turkey dinner at someone else's house bring tupperware so you can take some home!
"all i ever wanted was to pick apart the day, put the pieces back together my way"
<propmale> and i went and got a tree tonight! pictures to follow    
this is the worst episode of hoarders i have ever seen!
playing bingo!
just got home from inventory!
i just say the most disturbing thing on tv     pajama jeans!
"everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of what happened in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, the knife did it not o j , and spoons made oprah fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! (repost this if you feel the same)"
