a15104d9c12cc000b2109f54f4cac853
party timeeeee!
seriously   can i go home now  
ready for the hockey game tonight!! go walleye!
sick as a dog   
back to the daily grind after being sick   i think i'm allergic to this place!
my car is beautiful! no more dents!
a lot of things went boom this weekend    wholarious!
i need a freaking tan before i become see through   
why is it so difficult for people to just pay their rent! what? i have to pay bills? no comprehende!
see you soon <propfemale> beach!!!
someone tell me a funny joke  i need humor  smile 
i'm on a horse   
my laptop has a screen!!!! yayy!!!!
i wish people at labs knew how to do their job    stabbed 4 times and may have to do it again    how rude
q: what is the definition of trust? a: letting a cannibal give you a blow job tehe funny stuff
i loove people who threaten me because think they know the law   wink  so funny
i have a feeling its going to be a very long weekend   
oh yah chocolate chip pancakes!
off to the <propmale> museum!
yayyy another 3 hr glucose test  sad 
ready for the weekend!!! yay!!!
my favorite resident of all time died   sooo sad 
finally the baby's room is done!! i can rest!!
boycott walmart com! they will screw you!
why do i push 1 for english if i'm still going to have to talk to someone i can't understand   
it's been a long   long day 
yayyy i passed my three hour glucose test!
"baby shower today, then nothing   hit me up!"
holy boredville   
who wants to make a cupcake run? volunteers?
today is my friday!! happy passover peoples!!  smile 
i love it when people don't realize that their bass at the house across the street is shaking my walls   smile 
its sooo nice  smile  yay
happy easter everyone!!
final day of misc  holidays     sooo sad to go back to work lol
walleye hockey tonight for my baby's birthday! happy birthday <propmale>!! yay!!
its been a long weekend     here's praying it gets better   quickly
they finally figured out whats wrong with my mom!! god i'm tired of hospitals
"things are looking up!! new nephew, my mom's getting better  yay  smile "
12 viles of blood later and i feel like uber shit   
i'm tired of people creating drama 
damn you super <propfirst> brothers wii  you've foiled me again    
ohh i'm so excited to go fishing!!
the sound of et walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jello  lmao
getting ready for the baby shower tomorrow   yay  smile 
my shower was beautiful! thank you sooo much to everyone that helped and planned and came! i know it was stressful and i really appreciate it   smile 
quick! type the first word that pops into your head!
if a canoe tips over in your front yard and all four wheels fall off     how long would it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick all the seeds out of a pickle?
please are gettin ballsy   bout to go off   
people are gettin ballsy   bout to go off   
mudhens game tonight!! yay! go hens!
my puppy is sick   going to the vet   
"yay, my puppy is going to be okay  smile "
another uber crappy day   at least i'm inside  
"yayy, this weekends supposed to be nice! i'm so excited for some nice weather!"
"its going to be a nice weekend! cookout with the fam on sunday, should be fun  smile "
"if <propmale>'s not here before, i'll be induced on wednesday night for delivery thursday! yay! can't wait to meet him!!"
yayyy its the weekend!!
going into the hospital tonight! we'll have our <propmale> tomorrow!!! yayy
<propfirst> brown    i can't believe you jinxed me!!
having issues adjusting to maternity leave   i keep forgetting i don't have to go to work on monday hehe
bout to have a glee marathon  pure excitement  smile 
holy crap it's humid    guess it doesnt help that i made muffins    in the oven haha
thank god for facebook reminding <propmale> of our 6 year anniversary   that's sad
now that was fun  smile 
going back to work tuesday   so sad  
happy birthday <propfirst>!!
holy crap it's a miracle  <propmale> slept for 8 hrs straight last night!
i am ready to go home and see my munchkin and baby    can you figure out which is which? haha
"right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother, is holding the hand of a dying man, is inserting an iv in a child, is listening to an alzheimer's patient tell a story, and is missing their family while caring for yours  in the minute it took you to read this, nurses all over the world are saving lives  re-post if    you are a nurse, love a nurse, or appreciate a nurse??"
"dear other drivers: please use this technique when changing <propfirst>s to avoid running myself and baby off the road: step one, put on your blinker, this will signal the people in the other <propfirst> that you wish to get over   step two, check your mirrors, this will allow you to see other drivers   step three, most important, turn your head to see in your blind spot (im in an orange suv  can you miss me?)  step four, merge"
excited for a weekend of nothingness     smile 
yay! i'm going to get my hair cut and colored tomorrow!
i hate people    
pictures of mr  <propmale> are done! yay!
volleyball here i come!
i was eaten alive by mosquitoes  this sucks!
"holy cow, subway coffee is really a giant cup of e playful resso   "
yayy!! i'm a maid of honor! sorry <propfemale>    no banana hammocks at the bachlorette party    
it's sad when <propfirst> beiber getting nailed in the face with a water bottle makes my day    smile 
i wish i could have one day    just one   where i didn't cry all the time and feel like everyone hated me 
"movin on up!! maybe    yay, things might start turning around"
thanks for all my birthday wishes everyone!
wishes people knew how to spell conjugate   
sadly i broke down and bought myself a birthday cake today and forced my staff to sing me happy birthday      haha  smile 
"dear friday,   why do you make me wait to see you so long? it's very depressing lol"
ready to head home!!
goood morning!!! coffee makes everything better 
wow  that took wayyyy longer than it should have    
can anyone e playful lain to me why the beatles lived in a yellow submarine???
my property looks like we had several sinkhole snafus!!
you'll never realize how totally worth the money it is to get a cup of starbucks coffee until you drink a cup of mcdonalds first   
yayyy i got a dress for the wedding!
thank you <propfemale> <propmale> for teaching me about funyuns and flaming cheetos
if i could post the throw-up sound i would    haha little help <propfirst>?
"i'm <propfemale> excited about the \holidays\"" coming up!!!"""
saddlebag pancakes    you've been on my mind
beaner's coffee taste like dirtville   
ready for thursday to come already    
so excited! tomorrow starts my 4 day weekend!!!
hey farva? what's that place you love with all the goofy crap on the walls?
"i like to picture jesus as a figure skater  he wears like a white outfit, and he does interpretive ice dances of my life's journey "
wishes we could herd all the stupid people of this world off of a <propmale>
who is ready for <propfemale> tuesday?
change could be a good thing    
wow  just plain fuckin wow 
yayyy! short week   done on wednesday!
yayy! my new cleats will be here friday!!
talk about putting whipped cream on caca  they now make soco lime  eww
free at last! free at last!
wish me luck 
i think i'm dying inside  this whole being sick and at work thing sucks!
disappointed      oh well   i keep looking
i got a new job!!! uber excited!!!
i have a stalker   or two 
they say you swallow 8 spiders annually    i think i swallowed a big one last night   uhh
ever had the moment when you realize someones laugh is funnier than the actual joke??
oh snap    of course i'm in an office with a shit ton of windows and no basement   sweet
happy halloween everyone!
i feel lost    
oh snap   my phone turns into a kindle   i think i'm in love
champagne
had a dorky moment  went and rented the <propmale> potter movies and <propmale> and i are geeking it out on the couch tonight haha
my little man is getting <propfemale> big  he says momma now  smile 
happy thanksgiving!
let the shopping begin! i'm ready to go! been working on my elbow jabs all day      
ahh that was fun   step brothers time with my babycakes  mom the meatloaf!!!
oh christmas season  how i love you so
yay! he figured out how to drink from the sippy cup!
teething is the devil   
i'm registered for classes next semester! yay  smile 
sooo excited about christmas and having time off!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!
yes! found the hall!
going to ikea and libbey glass to look for some wedding stuff!
not doing so hot
i'm highly amused right now  thank you for being a grown up 
"ahhhh, finally not sick  sooo nice "
ahh paper writing    pretty sure i didn't miss you but we shall find out 
people make me sick  i dont understand how you can leave a dog in an apartment and not come back 
it's almost 5 and i'm watching football and drinking a margarita  ahh this is the life  what are yall doing?
rally time for da bears!
"kentucky just passed the best law ever  to be on foodstamps, medicaid, or cash assistance for your children or yourself, you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post"
yay! i can still write a paper! it's nice to get my first rough draft in 7 yrs back and not have it hacked to hell!!
today has been great day!! that was extremely sarcastic in case your wondering 
holy cow  that was stressful 
time to bleach the shit out of the house  we've been sick for far too long!!
when it rains it pours  that's for damn sure
woohoo i killed that exam  frickin sweet
frickin sweet  51 out of 50 on my first psychology exam!!
my big boys pictures turned out <propfemale> good!!! it was so hard to choose which ones to get 
and he's off!!!
the boy loves madagascar lol  sooo cute
<propfirst> mouse clubhouse is crack for kids    
shutter island blows my mind    
we've been jinxed    
why didn't anyone ever tell me not to watch precious? i'm about to go punch out a freakin wall i'm soooo mad  damn you netflix!!!
<propmale> potter time with my <propfirst>  smile 
sooo about that paper writing   children pulling the screen of your laptop down and making fishy faces makes it very difficult   lol
