e59f17d5308f7d72e086e66438d474e4
saw year one and is totally man-crushing on <propfirst> cera
just got back from the beach and is finding sand in places i never knew existed 
happy 12 smile 4:56 7 8 09 (hawaii time)
some call me the gangster of love
"\gas with oily discharge\""   sometimes i read the side effects on the medicine and i'd rather just keep the original problem """
"very angry at typing maniac, but a new episode of <propmale> pains should fix that "
"1,353,678 on typing maniac? beast "
"even the best fall down sometimes, even the wrong words seem to rhyme"
finished learning collide by howie day 
finally retired the fro profile picture after 14 months  smile 
got ilife '09 for free!
is watching season 1 of the big bang theory and loving it 
had a productive couple of days and has finished (and thoroughly enjoyed) season 2 of the big bang theory 
"driving slow on sunday morning, and i never want to leave "
pull me closer to love
maybe i will tell you all about it when i'm in the mood to lose my way with words
accidentally played footsies with a crossdressing man on the bus
got a haircut  indecision 
learned lost by <propfirst> buble
"finished how i met your mother, anyone have any recommendations for a new show addiction?"
will never play the farm game
gotta get that boom boom boom
maybe forgiveness is right where you fell
is industriously trying to learn comfortable by <propfirst> mayer
onward to dark blue by <propfirst>'s mannequin
"if i could walk on water, if i could tell you what's next"
having lots of fun with my new usb mic and guitar
a gecko jumped on my leg in the shower -- is nothing sacred?
"\brrrapa mmt pop ohmmdee\"" -<propfirst> mraz"""
could fall asleep in those eyes like a water bed
new guitar finally came! with a crack on the bottom   epic fail
anybody else like to find random events you weren't invited to and click not attending?
its like <propfirst> mayer reads my mind then writes songs
out to waianae for the weekend
loco moco
is amazed at the quality of so many musicians at hba
used a garage door opener for the first time today! it was a very emotional moment 
cant stop speaking pidgin since working at the waianae childrens shelter
had a very tasty okinawan festival
"lost and insecure, you found me"
printed out all of me by <propfirst> schmidt   this could take a while
something about usc football
glee is pretty cool
omg a new <propfirst> brown book
2 hour maintenance for bejeweled? this is madness!
the right to be ridiculous is something i hold dear
got paid and ended up at the mall  oh well 
just played rockband for 8 straight hours
finally got my license! time to develop bad driving habits
transfer app to uh got accepted! some serious rockband is in order
its the weekend  can i not be sick anymore please?
finally got around to doing the rockband 2 endless setlist   84 songs in a row @_@
strives for maximum ridiculosity
"\give a million keyboards to a million monkeys and they will eventually reproduce the entire works of shakespeare\""     myspace has proven this tragically incorrect"""
my one night of sleeping in will inevitably be ruined by birds doin the nasty
gonna go fly a kite brb
finally got around to watching the office  parkour
"i'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs, as they tried to teach me how to dance"
it turns out bishop museum provides a great full body workout if you go with 40 preschoolers
have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
are we human or are we dancer?
younger now than we were before
she checks out mozart while she does tae-bo
"don't fly fast, oh pilot can you help me can you make this last?"
"\you make everything glorious\"""""
accidentally did parkour today
thought losing picks in a guitar was frustrating? i just spent ten minutes getting a live gecko out of mine   
just heard <propmale> kamakawiwo'ole on pandora! (with a picture of <propfirst> connery   ?)
a bag of dry rice saved my wet phone!
the saints offense is inspiring
texas game sucked  ingram for heisman
"\nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love\"""""
"today i was approached by one of those windward mall kiosk people selling those facial creams made out of yemenian snail poop or whatever, and i was like \sorry gotta go!\"" but she was like \""oh i just wanted to touch your hair \"""""
"<propmale> guaraldi isn't the reason for the season, but his music from a <propfirst> brown christmas is a pretty close second"
omg only 363 days til christmas!  laugh 
why does cucumber melon smell so amazing?
now every time i go on pandora i think of avatar
finally finished arrested development! they should make a movie
i have been way too busy for my last week of schoollessness
"so my rel 150 teacher included \the yellow river\"" by i p  freely and \""under the bleachers\"" by <propmale> butz on the syllabus textbooks list  i don't know if i should be amused or concerned """
"when you are a man, sometimes you wear stretchy pants in your room  it's for fun "
trying to change the color of your mood ring
rock-paper-scissors-lizard-spock
did not wake up my brother when i backed a <propfirst> into his new mini cooper
"my cat just came into my room, threw up, and left  why?"
no luck using google to find my sunglasses
"hey soul sister, aint that mister mister on the radio?"
"all the right friends in all the right places, so yeah we're going down"
did anyone else wake up in the morning feeling like p  diddy or was that just me?
just e playful erienced ice dancing to a sweet remix of crawling by linkin park
picnic at magic island whos in?
noooo first free saturday in weeks and all the car audio places are closed  sad 
100% of my canadian friends have hockey-related statuses  i guess excitement is a rare commodity in canada?
happy girls day   ladies 
is having a superb day 
just e playful erienced that moment of terror where you almost drop your phone into the toilet 
have you heard of the one who can calm the raging sea?
taking a personal furlough wednesday today
"there will never be a greater love, no not one "
got sick and probably shouldn't have played basketball  hopefully i wake up before sunday is over 
had two amazing conversations with people i dont see enough  in dreams  does that still count?
got sunshine in a bag
"easter is over, but the significance isn't "
on careers: find whatever it is in life that you don't do well    and then don't do that thing 
has a love hate relationship with bipolar people  zing!
<propfemale> fey on snl last night was absolutely hilarious! check out the <propmale> hines brownie husband for single ladies 
"are you kidding me with that glee episode? it was like i went to hulu, clicked play, and my laptop just shot diarrhea at me for 45 minutes  brb shower"
"hmmm   not so sure about this cough medicine, suddenly i have an irresistible urge to play wii sports!"
i have a slight fever   i suppose the prescription is a very small cowbell 
"currently enjoying pizza, steak, and avatar on blu-ray  also, oddly enough, i've got the urge   to herbal "
so what did everyone do for mothers day?
summer electronics project: make an electric drumset work as a rockband controller
"\your mom\"" jokes: acceptable on mother's day?"""
feel free to punch me if you see me outside the library during school hours tomorrow 
"7 hours to \master\"" 7 chapters of psychology  let's do this """
"vector calculus just looked at me and shao kahn was like \finish him!\"" tomorrow i will most likely suffer a gruesome fatality """
"is off to the philippines in 12 hours! also, <propfemale> ka‘iulani is a good movie "
"after 11 hours on a plane and 10 hours in a van,\ the philippines team arrived safely (and sweaty) in vigan city, ilocos \sur  thanks for your continued prayers and support!"
back on o‘ahu! i might drive like it's the philippines for a week  pray for me 
"got all the philippines driving out of my system on the highways tonight  also, should i get a haircut before or after i renew my driver's license?"
\why are you downcast, o my soul? why so disturbed within me?\e59f17d5308f7d72e086e6643 laugh 474e4,"just saw tower of power in concert, then went backstage and shook hands, took pictures, and ate pizza with the band! my ears will be out of commission for a few days, but it was totally worth it!  laugh "
lazy sundays? i have crazy sundays 
"want to \learn\"" perfect pitch? watch just 10 minutes of world cup soccer and you will be able to instantly recognize a bb """
"got to kahala mall at 5am, stood in line for 8 hours, and got an iphone 4  betting pool will remain open until i drop it (2 to 1 odds for tonight) "
watching a huge fire in kalama valley right now  got prime seats!
"posted videos of kalama valley fire  search youtube for \fire over kalama valley 7-4-10\"""""
"\i was already a heat fan\""    how many times will you hear that this year?"""
"housesitting  two awesome dogs, a fridge stocked with fresh papaya, and crazy love  ah, summer   "
got owned in spectacular fashion today 
e playful ected more of a challenge from the 20 piece chicken mcnuggets  annoyed \
"you're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away  you know where you hope the train will take you, but you can't be sure   "
"about to play worship music with people from all over the world at the bwa women's leadership conference  exciting, but all the bathrooms got changed to women's  sad "
"had more encouraging worship at the bwa women's conference, and then an epic set at new hope thrive, and  i get to do bwa worship every day til saturday  forecast: amazing week "
\your love is like fire, that burns for all to see   \e59f17d5308f7d72e086e6643 laugh 474e4,"there will be a rain dance friday night, weather permitting "
so there are three people wearing starcraft shirts in my math class   the joys of engineering 
learning all about the fictions in <propfemale> today   oh well at least i have an excuse to read the word in class 
just topped off a fantastic evening with delicious beef curry and maximum ridiculosity for dinner 
will sing a song of hope 
"hit hard by reading my philippines mission \blog\""   where is that passion now?"""
so <propfemale> <propfemale> beat all 10 areas in the full version of angry birds on my phone in under a month  now she can be productive again!
well it has certainly been an exciting day! i swam with a 7-foot manta <propfirst> at sherwoods and also there was this election thing too 
"had the most amazing worship tonight  he's living on the inside, roaring like a lion!"
sneezed while drinking a caramel apple spice  my seemingly gentle countenance belies the anguish beneath 
"alarmingly, i am hungry "
"who'd have thought worshipping with a bunch of old baptist dudes could be so good?\men's retreat - 1, stereotypes - 0 "
'tis so sweet to trust in jesus 
"meteor shower on my birthday? awesome present, god "
"no car, and now in the fifth bed i've slept on in five nights  what a week   "
"i was at the totally dark bus stop at paki and monsarrat, two super sketchy guys came out of the plants (i can't make this stuff up) and started walking toward me, and when they were like 10 feet away, the bus got to the stop and they turned around and left  thank god thebus is on schedule!"
"\nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love \""\",be801a732e85dc9ccb0e8a17d10c391b,don't date cause that creates exs     
