d36e1c508db553a4722bd23b75b75e9f
oh man my head is too big for my cap!
graduation day
high school is over  finally 
finally moving out tomorrow    smile 
going to move out today   won't have internet for days maybe even a week or two  sad 
video fun with allen   not in a gay way 
wooo got my license  > smile 
i have a fat fly in my room but i can't kill it since i don't have that insect killing slapper   what do i do?
i got my car and i'm loving it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shit have to visit jb    oh the painful memories of middle school   
apartment hunting is so stressful      
so i slept at the library the other day   when i woke about a dozen ppl pointed out i sleep talk    
"i came, i saw, and i conquered the library then made it my second home "
"so walking to my math class i accidently tripped a girl walking by, then i just kept on walking without turning back   "
two years       
i need a miracle 
why does it rain in the fall? cuz god shed tears of laughter at my misery from exams   
finally moved out
decided to buy a alienware laptop!
"\let the world tremble for what you are about to accomplish \"""""
either the exam killed me or i killed it   i'm hoping it's the latter 
fml  i mixed up my final essay with my rough draft and gave my professor the rough draft   he better read his freaken email 
"how can people say they know god? the people who say so are only shitting themselves  if god really existed \he\"" would be too grand to grasp for any mortal """
nothing beats home made meals 
reading the daily news with a cup of coffee and a mcmuffin is the best! one of my secret joys of life 
"weezer- \let it all <propfemale> out\"""""
the internet is the greatest creation of man  oh the possibilities 
"first semester of college was a breeze   anyone who has trouble in college; stop procrasinating, partying, playing, and bitching  go study in the library or shoot your feet to wake up "
dashboard confessional-stolen
"i'm a fatass  4 choc  bars, 2 hot dogs, 1 salad bowl, and 3 cans of diet coke  oh yes i love being a fatass  in other news tiger woods had over 9 mistresses, go man go~"
a kind of hope - pilot speed
"i thought take home final is going to be easy, boy was i wrong "
all you people who has a pokemon as their profile pic  grow the hell up  yea you stupid  btw mew is the cutest 
2011!!!!!
can't keep up with time   
"finally after more than a decade i got a caucasian professor who pronounces my last name with the proper korean accent  thats awesome man, i was fudging surprised "
got my hands on god of war 3   there goes my gpa    
"fudge, i need coffee   "
i just realized that i spend atleast 1 hr reading the news daily   god damn i'm becoming old 
someday i'll be on the front <propfemale> of times magazine featured as the person of the year 
"i'm still a kid  i should be playing outdoors, but i'm stuck in the library studying to become an successful adult  > sad "
"for the reason of \random inspection\"" i got pulled over for the first time today  after the inspection the police officer said \""mr  <propfirst> you should clear the mess in your car \""  sigh even the police lectured me in cleaning    """
"i'm a slow <propmale>, but i never walk back "
don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile 
so i was browsing through 7eleven and noticed arizona drinks were 99c     i bought 5 of them   smile  let's go kiwi-strawberry
what a beautiful day to be out in the sun  too bad i'm stuck in the library doing accounting work  fml
\sometimes you feel tired,\d36e1c50 laugh b553a4722bd23b75b75e9f,day one in cramming pre-cal  > smile 
day two in cramming pre-cal  to be honest its harder than i thought it would be    
i'm top of my game  freaken a's in all my classes  fuckin loving it   smile 
i want to go to <propfemale> and eat those tasty fatty croissants with a bottle of sauternes wine   la <propfemale> est en attente pour moi!
"\debits must equal credits!\"" (-_-) +"""
noooo lost is going to end!!!!!! tv is dead now 
think big 
"ah final week is coming up, well all is good  i have my red bull to back me up   smile "
aced my econ final and the class!!!!!  laugh   fucken loving it 
damn everyone is finished with school and i have one more final on tuesday     i feel so leftout  sad    ah w e i'm going to eat a hershey's bar to feel better   laugh 
<propfirst> green   hahahahahahahahaha  good job man  go usa!
i'm going to change the world upside down   the world won't see it coming 
"there are no limits  there are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them "
how did netherlands beat brazil    wtf is that?!
"usa, <propfemale>, korea, and yesterday germany   goddammit  i don't care for world cup no more   screw soccer, watching men in shorts passing and shooting a ball with their feet is gay anyways "
"i was about to learn the purpose of my life in my dream until    bumin kong called me and woke me up  when i answered he said something in the line of \oh sorry i accidently called you \"" hey bumin you're on my block list forever """
"who needs red bull? drank till midnight, slept at 2am, woke up at 6am(without an alarm, and surprisingly without an hangover) and ran 5miles in the morning   my body is in epic mode  now off to studying "
i fail to see beauty in modern arts 
wishes to be taller 
"last day of summer school  after today i'm going to do what i wanted to do the whole summer   waste my time sleeping, eating, and daydreaming about stupid shit "
i'm freeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!! time to play!!!
i am now a patron of apple and at&t  smile 
sleeps like a baby  laugh   note to self it's rude to fall asleep during a conversation  -lith love 
lith you are the best
"i've been dormant for too long, it's time for me to live up to my dreams"
can anyone reach <propfemale> kang?
"\in the end everything is going to be okay \"""""
"damn you wall street journal  i'm not paying for your astounding, interesting, sophisticated, exclusive news articles   who do you think i am?     goddammit here is my money give me your journal now!"
what ever happened to busy easy work in the first weeks of school? my professors are giving me core materials to learn and my brain is still in summer mode    i'm not ready for this!
is now a member of smc's <propfemale> gamma sigma   smile 
is enjoying the ordinary life in los <propfemale>   smile 
"shock, awe, and inspire "
there is no rest for the ambitious 
life is filled with surprises  it's kind of scary 
i'm going to be a billionaire someday 
\as i grow older, i pay less attention to what men say  i just \d36e1c50 laugh b553a4722bd23b75b75e9f,"i took my eng midterm and aced it  i was the first person to turn it in, and my fellow classmates looked at me as if i have done a miracle  hahahaha"
fuck the impossibility  \we \,d36e1c50 laugh b553a4722bd23b75b75e9f,<propfemale> should have listened to general macarthur and united the two koreas together  now the past is biting our ass  there is a lesson to learn here 
my life is like a tug of war 
"\you think you're smart?\"" harvard business school admission interviewer\",d36e1c50 laugh b553a4722bd23b75b75e9f,hello december my favorite time of the year  please be good to me 
procrastination is horrible   
no room for failures 
anyone else awake at this hour?
the brain is an astonishing thing   
"my friend list went from 172 to 89  congratz to you guys if you see this post  it means in a somewhat weird way you have a place in my mind, or you're interesting enough for me to follow you (muahahaha > smile ) anyways <propfemale> christmas!"
i wish for excitement 
"everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it  -confucius"
why are there so many people at the bank?! dammit
today is not my day  2011 doesn't look so different than 2010 
watching the simpsons instead of studying    
"\nouveau riche\"""""
what a fucked up world we live in 
"\no one can save us from ourselves  no one can and no one may  we ourselves must walk the path \""-buddha"""
"let the meek inherit the earth, while we take the stars "
gas prices are outrageous 
"life is a game, and i'm being played "
"\don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great \"" -<propfirst> d  rockefeller"""
"\burn all your bridges \"""""
life is filled with surprises 
life is too serious sometimes 
payday wooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
spring break! wooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
one day i'll wake up and see i am living my dream 
i love red bull 
rolling through the punches 
"another day, another war "
"no wonder chivalry is dead, there are hardly any classy ladies left "
has to climb a big mountain 
i'm in love with my ambition 
i got a dream worth more than my reality 
life is too short to worry about insignificant things 
please let my efforts not be in vain 
i'm in the middle of a cold war 
law and order is so intense i love it!
