97f72fd047f11192bc4e38dbed4ab27a
im listening to mumford and sons cd sigh no more    it is amazing  laugh 
that is so strange and extremely scary
"i hate it when parents think they know everything, and if you prove them wrong they get mad, it annoys me so much!!!!"
i mite be going to aerospace academie
i am at home  sad  it is so boring    i left my only pair of shorts at church  i usually change out into jeans at church because i go right after so i left the shorts there so i couldn't go to school
i go right after school is wut i meant
i just figured out that <propfirst> tennant also played on <propmale> potter and the goblet of fire
i am confused on wut to do on the application to aerospace
im sad i have saturday work detail tomorrow
i officially love the opening for night of the <propmale> by 30 seconds to mars
"i have had a horrible day, sometimes i just wish that people would not be completely stupid and impulsive     and i kinda just wish i could end it all"
all time low has the weirdest music videos
"i need a new church to go too, do u guys know of anywhere good (a christian church)"
my life sucks  sad  it seems like nothing goes my way
"i hate how some people, are so full of them selfs, and how people dont care about other people at all"
"best pick up line ever    <propfirst> is red, sonic is blue, will u be my player 2"
"i tried the yahoo vs  google war for the first time, i thought that people where making the stuff up  well i typed in what are in both yahoo and google, yahoo came up with what are you looking for, google came up with what are these strawberries doing on my nipples!!"
"listening to my 30 seconds to mars, this is war cd       laugh "
math homework is annoying  sad 
working on ms  langs boring project  surprise 
"taking a break from homework, and i am bored homework makes me angry"
"i am pissed off, i missed the bus this morning and slept in, well my parents didn't bother to wake me up, and today was very important there was a butt load of projects and homework due"
"im tired and i have a stomach ache, and i am tired of people who r intolerant of others views and opinions"
<propfemale> texted between sixth and seventh just to tell me she saw <propfirst> tennant in sixth      oh <propfemale> why???     but i cant rly say anyhting cus i probably would have too
"omg!!!! shirt pants, i am lady gaga"
i am so bored that i can hear the grass growing     
i am so tired i can barely hold my eyes open    
"totally upset i read on the internet that <propfemale> <propmale> was hacked on twitter     they stole a private picture of her topless!!! i just can't believe she would do that, why would she need a picture of herself like that       i thought she was different than all the other famous people, i just don't know what to think anymore"
i missed the bus for the second time this week     i think i have gotten so used to my alarm clock i dont wake up to it anymore  sad 
"i am not going to mckeel next year, i will be going to aerospace"
"im at books a million, and i have a killer headache     it sucks"
"i just realized the song animal by neon trees fits perfectly into twilight      0_0 twilight will ruin the song just like they ruined decode, and neutron <propfemale> collision  i just hope twilight ends before neon trees gets rly popular and is roped into the tragedy that is known as twilight     (crossed fingers)"
"i am so nervous about going to a new school for highschool, i will miss all of my awesome friends who go to the not so awesome mckeel  when does school start anyways    ?"
i got a haircut and it looks surprisingly good
ok evryone who deosnt know alrdy i am not going to mckeel anymore i am going to an aviation engineering school 
"went to my orientation at cfaa and my earth space science teacher is a huge <propfemale> wars fan    her room has a bunch of <propfemale> wars cut out posters with quotes from the movies  laugh  so excited      \\new obsession with <propfirst> eats world's new single my best theory    listen to it!!!!"
"my schedule even though it doesn't pertain to anyone since im going to a different school,\1  algebra 1 honors- hunt\2  team sports 1- longa\3 english honors 1- gulley\4  earth space science honors- bradner\5  aero    science 1- miller\6  advanced human geography- cress\7 engineering technology 1- bertuska"
there was this weird hello <propfemale> freak who was flirting with me in wal-mart earlier today  surprise  it scared me   
had to go to the foot doctor today to get my ingrown toenail removed     the lady who did it said it was the one she has seen in a long time     and the coolest part is that it had built up so much pressure that when she removed it blood squirted all over her lol
finally get the resistance cd by muse  laugh 
postthis as your status and see what people rate you 1  crazy | 2  i'd marry you | 3  talkative | 4  sarcastic | 5  i miss you | 6  bad | 7  moody |8  dumb | 9  mouthy | 10  spoiled | 11  random | 12  hot | 13  funny|14  fit | 15  amazing | 16  tough | 17  cute | 18  gf bf type | 19  player | 20  i love you | 21  the    best | 22  my everything
"i had a rough first day    but by the end of the day i was as happy as could be     and i like all my classes other than team sports, i hate sports and dressing out  sad      my favorite teacher so <propfemale> is my english teacher she is rly kewl"
i survived a <propfemale> in the morning and on a school bus     i c it as an accomplishment
my mom is being tatally controling and making me!!! go to church     she says that if i dont i will burn in hell and she wont care if i do cus its my own fault     i hate religions!!!  sad (((
having fun at cfaa i made an awesome new friend ludi    and i am in the process of making even more  laugh 
"having fun at cfaa i have my friend <propfemale> <propmale> my cousin <propfirst> and my new friend ludi, and i am in the process of making even more friends"
"oh, oh \i want some more \oh, oh \what are you waitin' for? \take a bite of my heart tonight \oh oh \i want some more \oh oh \what are you waitin' for? \what are you waitin' for? \say goodbye to my heart tonight"
"tell me ur top 5 singers bands, and if u want to u can recommend some    my top 5\1  neon trees\2  muse\3  three days grace\4  <propfirst> eat world\5  u2"
happy its the weekend and that i survived a new school and having to ride <propfemale> buses     laugh 
crossfire by <propfirst> flowers sounds like u2 alot
pheonix rockz !\\m  ( surprise ) \\m 
the one thing about the weekend is the sweet bliss of getting to sleep in 
"i hate my mom so much that i am almost to the point of running away   in fact the only reason i havent ran away is that i have no where to go      sad   sad   sad   sad , she is also forcing me talk to our neighbor about religion so she can try an convert me back to christianity  sad "
neon trees is becoming so populer  smile  there hit single animal is now #1 alternative song yay  laugh 
"i love the beggining of i belong to u by muse when he does the girly whooo!!!, it makes me laugh every time"
"i am tired of the question things, there getting on my nerves    i mean i don't fucking care who answered questions about me, so if u want to answer questions about me don't!!!!!!"
"well since everyone else is doing this, then i guess i will give into the peer pressure  laugh     \like my status and i'll tell you 'the truth\"" """
"i finally got home from camping     i am so, very tired, lol, at least i survived  laugh     though i got a tick  sad , it freaked me out!!!"
i totally left my phone on the bus  sad   sad   sad   sad 
"people amaze me how ignorant and stupid they can be, i am tired of living in this world that is meaningless, and simply annoying, i cant stand people!!!!"
i burst out into song when the car commercial that uses tighten up by the black keys comes on
"omg!!!!! i might be going to the 97x the next big thing concert, with my new friends, if anyone is interested tell me so we can all get tickets at the same time\\these are the bands playing- the black keys, chevelle, paper tongues, neon trees, sick puppies, against me!, the dirty heads, switchfoot, a day to remember, american bang, cage the elephant, finger eleven"
"bored, bored and more bored      so if anyone wants too, comment on this telling me  the most exciting thing that happened today, it can be anything i dont rly care, just something that isnt boring      "
"na, na, na, na, na, na, na, to my security, na, na, na, na, na, na, to every enemy, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, were on their property, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, standing in v formation        laugh "
raptor jesus became extinct for our sins!!!!
lets take his leather pants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"okay i need advice, my mom has no money to get me a holleween costume, so we were going to come up with a costume from stuff at home, any advice on wut would be a good idea      be creative!!!"
"\but somebody told me told you had a boyfriend? who looked liked a girlfriend\""= <propfirst> bieber"""
listening to sci-crimes by chevelle  laugh 
"going deaf listening to music on the loudest setting, but going deaf is worth it"
mgmt doesn't do drugs      drugs do mgmt
they post-poned the launch again!!!! > sad 
"i have literally done nothing on my science fair project, i am probably going to fail all of my core classes because of that   sad "
"your <propfemale> wars name (the first 3 letters of your last name, first 2 letters of your first name, last 3 letters of your mom's maiden name)"
"<propmale> potter the deathly hallows has re-defined epic!!!! plus my awesome friends watched it with me, i screamed as loud as i could at the snake part, and cried when poor little dobby died, so sad!!"
"commas r very important, because with out commas this would happen  would you help your uncle <propfirst>, off an elephant      now without the comma  would you help your uncle <propfirst> off an elephant"
i'm falling in love with my chemical romances amazingly brilliant new album laugh 
i have the freaking key board cat song thing stuck in my head
"happy thanksgiving, be sure to thank all of the native americans brutally killed, and massacred simply so we could take the land, so eat all of your delicious food, and stuff your faces, for this country was built upon taking whatever we wanted from \lesser humans\"""""
i think im getting sick  sad 
christianity is just another form of communism
"i am such a nerd, i just got done paying a game of starcraft 2, that was so intense that after it was over i was shaking andd couldnt breathe because i had so much adrenalin     but i won the battle  laugh "
"i had a fun day, i got to spend time with my awesome friends, i got to go ice skating, and i finally got to see wut its like being a 3rd wheel  laugh  and its fun climbing on odd little pillars in ludis neighborhood"
"haha!!! i just realized that i have 69 friends lol, if u dont get y 69 is so funny, then just ignore it, bcus u dont want ot know the answer"
blah!!! blah!!! blah!!! i have the urge to eat a baby  annoyed 
"the world is plagued by ignorance, and greed     the only peace will ever be possible is if the people of the world realize we are all human beings, and should be treated equal, and put aside are differences "
"blah!!! i hate being sick, i am so miserable, and feel like i am going to die  sad  i really hope i feel better by thursday"
"sing! it for the boys, sing! it for the girls, every time that you lose it sing! it for the world, sing! it from the heart, sing! it till your nuts, sing! it out for the ones that'll hate your guts, sing! it for the deaf, sing! it for the blind, sing! about everyone that you left behind, sing! it for the world, sing! it for the world"
"i remember when i was like the only one who knew who neon trees was, and now almost everyone does  laugh  they r so popular now"
"2 days till christmas  laugh , so happy holidays all of u awesome ppl!!!!!!!"
i hate!!! my parents     
"i took the stars from my eyes, and then i made a map\and knew that somehow i could find my way back\then i heard your heart beating, you were in the darkness too\so i stayed in the darkness with you"
"\when one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity  when many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion \"""""
mgmt has a song about <propfirst> enno  laugh  <propfemale> out of all ppl should know who <propfirst> eno is    lol
"ok i am bad with money bcus i just bought an album off of itunes for 10 00 and i have no idea if its going to be good  surprise , btw the album is brothers by the black keys"
<propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> vanwyngarden r more similar then i once thought
"i have fallen in love with the used, there music is awesome, and original  laugh "
"i cant sleep, and i have no home work done -_- procastinating     "
"ok so i apparently have to stay home from school tommorow to baby sit     for 1 the kids not mine so he isnt my responsibility, 2 i have midterms next week, i need to be at school as much as possible so i dont miss anything important     this officially suckzz  sad "
"i want to go to the mall this afternoon, and get an awesome hat     does anyone have an idea of wut type of hat i should get  laugh "
"i had an epiphany     mgmt is like the scooby doo gang, infact in one of their pics they have a dog that is the same type as scooby  laugh  they r even hippies     if only mgmt replaced 2 of their band members with girls then my life would be complete, and 2 very different obsessions from different time periods would collide!!!!!!"
"\you can tell you've created god in your own image when it turns out that god hates all the same people you do \""\",97f72fd047f11192bc4e3 laugh bed4ab27a,"went to the mall, and had a blast    and i realized how awesome i am at syncing songs on my ipod with the radio, even though i couldnt get it to sync to sing by mcr    "
"i finally saw inception     one word amazignbaestlyepiclyawesome and i actually understood it the first time i watched it    though the ending was rather confusing, and i dont i have ever had to pay that much attention to a movie ever!!!"
i broke my wrist rly bad!! i hate only being able to use one hand     
in so much pain this morning!!!!!
"<propfemale>, cheez, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>    when r we going to meet again so we can trade of <propfirst>, and who is next to babysit him    "
we need to make all of our profile pics the pic of each of us holding <propfirst>
"they said all teenagers scare the living shit out of me, they could care less as long as someone'll bleed, so darken your clothes or strike a violent pose, maybe they'll leave you alone, but not me"
u never logged out =p
"babies are odd, because they look like aliens, this is a fact\               - <propmale> jernigan"
welcome to this tragic fair!!!!
i hate having a cast its so annoying!!!
watching the grammies  laugh 
"muse just performed on the grammies    they were amazing, so pumped for mumford and sons performance  laugh dd"
"if all your dna is stretched out, it would reach to the <propfemale> 6,000 times  surprise "
"ludi just made me watch glee and they sang sing, and there doing it for there competition thing, i am temped to continue watching    namely bcus they said they like my chemicl romance and they should!!!!"
"are u a rare <propfemale>, cus i feel a lvl up! best pokemon pickup line ever!!"
i am convinced that the killers may be one of the best bands in all of history!!!
i just went to the mall and saw the movie the eagle   it was actually a really good movie  laugh 
"so last nite i got 4 hours of sleep     the reason is bcus my skool went on a feild trip to c the space shuttle launch   well it took us like 6 hours to get thar, then we had to wait at the place for 3 hours till it actually launched       then it took us like # hours just to get off of nasa property!!! and anouther 4-5 hours to get to the school!!!! i ended up getting home around 12 smile 0ish  surprise "
"music is the embodiment of life, and without it our existense as people would be empty"
"wow i didn't think it would actually happen, and when it did i thought it wouldn't last long but it has     i have become obsessed with my chemical romance"
"its official <propmale> o'reilly is the dumbest! person on planet earth, he is literally the most idiotic person i can think of, that includes people like <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> sheen, and he is even dumber than <propfemale> palin"
stuck at a stupid doctors office sitting in the back with nothing to do    i missed the stupid bus this morning so my aunt had tp take me with her to work
we'll have halloween on christmas  laugh 
thank god for blink -182  laugh 
"i want to know ur top 5 bands singers  laugh  mine r my chemical romance, mgmt, muse, the used this inst in a particular oder but u can out urs in order if u want"
i get my cast off wednesday hopefully  laugh 
carrrrrrrrrllll!!!!!!
"i'm getting my cast off tomorrow morning, so excited  laugh "
<propmale> criss just sand animal like one of the best songs in history by my top 10 fave band neon trees  laugh ddddddddd
supermassive black hole!!!
i got my cast off  laugh 
who walks among the famous living dead      and without you is how i disappear!!!
trying to stay up until 5 in the morning (-_-') this is going to be a little hard
well today wasnt too bad    i thk the only bad thing to happen today was my aunt died    other then that today wasnt that bad
"is it just me or does that commercial for the game night thing with the tombstone pizza, creep u out    that little kid who dances weird and the mom is rly weird and the little gril dancing in the back ground     it bothers the hell out of me"
i cant move my neck  sad 
thank jesus for armenians     without them we would not have one of the most amazing bands in the universe     system of a down  laugh 
"honest to god i will break ur heart, tear u pieces and rip u apart    one of my favorite lyrics ever  i  love  30stm"
its alrdy 1 in the morning i am not tired in the slightest and i have to start getting rdy for school at 5 smile 0 wut do i do?????
"trying to fall asleep but not even close to tried     even though i havent slept in almost 2 days    i thk the total amount of sleep is maybe 4-5 hours between both days, i wonder if i will die from sleep deprivation t t"
"i had an epiphany on the bus this morning    the entertainment industry likes the idea of talking rodents    have u ever thought about how many movies involve talking mice or ratz or wutever, or books, even tv series  surprise "
wow i didnt realize how good a band could be til i listen to the airborne toxic event
"i don't think u trust   in my self-righteous suicide, i cry when angels deserve to die!!"
"today was fun  laugh  and the beautiful weather made things just that much more amazing, i hope all u guys had fun  smile "
i am 15
"i officially hate easter    i went to target so i could buy some red-vines, but of course they didn't have any, instead they had a bunch of stupid bunnies     sad "
if only i was blessed with ignorance    for ignorance truly is bliss
"omg i just remembered the sailor song, and how weird i was and my friends when we all used to sing it, haha epic!!"
help is on the way!! -rise against-
i wanna be praised from a new perspective     smile 
"why dont presidents fight the war? why do they always send the poor? lol i love system of a down, thar music is very trustful  smile "
"thank you, <propfirst> flowers"
long day   
hotdogs    with bbq sauce and lots of cheese  smile 
when u thk of me wut band comes to mind? i dont know if this happens to anyone else but thars always that song or band that reminds u of someone for some odd reason?
i love to be a little <propfemale> lol
i thk i am going to cry           
so my first real break from school and work    and i have to take care of a 9 month old baby who only wants to be held    and my aunt cant lift him up bcus she hurt her back
so i log into to league of legends it says i have to wait bcus the server is full     and the place where it says ur positon in queue it said (no joke) over 9000!!!!!!!! i officially love this game now  laugh 
rly!! not looking forward to tomorrow  sad 
i can live without u but    without u i'll be miserable at best!
i am in love with <propfemale> <propfirst>'s voice  laugh 
i dont see wuts so special about the wedding thing tommorow?
its friday i'm in love  laugh 
a unicorn is now called a pwny!! bcus they pwn newbs everywhere  laugh 
38 e playful lorations to mars and we have to write about all of them!!!!!!!!!!!!
my little sister wants a <propfirst> beiber doll  fml!!!
"if u were told tomorrow u had 1 day to live, how would u spend that 1 day?"
ruled by secrecy- muse    is an amazing song  laugh 
"this ain't a scene, its a goddamn arm race!!!"
