d987c9b6d43ad253c6570746aa294009
"damn, its only like 9:20 and im super tiredd!"
watching grease  haha 
is nervoussss for tonight 
is stokeddd for tonight!!
fxckkk getting up early and having nothing to do!!
finally! done with soccer and volleyball for the week! practices tire me out 
someone text me!!  smile 
"damnn, today was a long, tiring day!! my legs hurt now  haha  anyways, someone text me?  smile  getting off the computer   "
won all of her volleyball games todayy!  smile 
"wasn't in a good mood earlier, but now cant help being in a gooood mood for some reason  smile "
today's gunna be a longg dayyy     sad  texxt me 
won her soccer tournament yesterdayy!! and scored a goal tooo  smile 
team sports make me a little mad sometimess!
thinks this situation is fxcking stupid and getting blown way out of proportion! i cant laugh at practice now? wtff? haha 
is going to the fairrr!
is excited for tomorrowwww!!!  smile 
is back homeee 
"is babysitting, but not really anymore because shes asleep  so text me!  smile "
"drove to breakfast, drove to practice, drove home, droveeee to work  yayy!  smile  a little nerve racking though  hahah "
"eff this  not being able to go out!! someone talk to me, text me or somethingg  smile  haha "
"my fricking butt and legs hurt from running so much just in the past two days  eff practicing two sports, i can barely walk! haha "
"ugh, cleaning   "
dont think her legs have hurt so bad and been so sore before  eff this! haha 
seriously   fml  i like cant even move my arms and my legs feel like theyre gunna collapse when i walk  annoyed 
"ugh, parents are ghey  haha "
"feels like a fatass, hahaha "
fxck chemistry! haha  im tired and need to get to bed! good night 
yayyy! no practice tonight so i can eat whatever i wantt and however much i want of it  smile  haha
"i am so full! who knew oreos, <propmale> n cheese, chips, pizza, and fruit drinks would fill u up? hahaha "
won my soccer game today and scored a goal   with my left foot!  smile 
hangin out eating sun chips!  smile  just got back from the pool with <propfemale> && jio!
i loooove sun chips!  smile 
fxck chemistry! haha 
"coool, i have to do a quiz where i have no clue how to do the shit  guess ill just fail again     haha "
"dayuuum, my bruise is huge! && it hurts  sad  haha"
"eating apple pie and ice cream before soccer practice probably isnt a good idea, hahah  but oh well "
just ate a lot and am super tired but still have homework to do  sad 
"hmm   ice cream sundae, or homeworkk? hmmm  smile  haha"
"yayyy, done! just math left which will probably only take like 5 more minutes  smile "
"i just want to eat my brownies with vanilla ice cream and get to bed, but i cant since i have homeworkk that im actually gunna do  sad "
im superrr tired but feel like laughing at everythingg! haha  i can barely keep my eyes open so im going to bed 
"hmmm, ice cream sundae tonight?  smile  i think sooo "
what does the e playful ression peanut gallary mean? haha 
ate wayyyy too much today! haha 
"didnt completely finish my homework but im finished with it, haha  now i can get to bed at a semi decent time  smile  && hopefully not be so tired except i need to wake up extra early tomorrow  sad "
is in a good mooood  smile 
does anyone have any ideas for pump up songs? haha  if so feel free to tell me  smile 
is wayyyy too tired for hw!  sad 
my nose hurtss  sad 
"yayy, 6 1 2 hours of sleep tonight   fml! haha "
"is actually starting her hw kind of earlyy, haha "
off to beddd  smile  before 12 for once in like the past 2 or 3 weeks!
i just want to get to bed   
"mmm, pb&jelly  smile )"
i forgot how much i like cinnamon rolls  smile  haha 
should be cleaning my room   
whipped cream and caramel  smile  haha 
"yuckk, homeworkk!      that i should have done like 3 hours ago  haha "
ohhh my gosh! i think someone stole it! haha 
eff homework  thats frickin hard! haha 
hates hospitals   
is sooo tired && doesnt fee like doing hw or going to weight rrom tomorrow morning  haha  i need more sleeeeep  sad  but theres not enough time in the day   
"if i could have one wish this past like month, id choose to have more hours in the day to sleep!  smile "
"haha, my sister's dumb   in a funny way  hahahah "
"sometimes 100% just isnt enough, because when you have like five different priorities you need 500%  ughh, so frustrating   "
could have been out right now   
doesnt feel good at all  sad 
"went to swallow nite quil, but a halls thing was in the stupid ny quil container so i swallowed that instead and now it hasnt gone all the way down my throat for the past like 30 minutes!"
"ughh, weight room    haha"
have you ever had a plumpple?!
babysitting   
hmm   havent gotten anything done in like an hour  haha
"pissed at whoever took my phone, i reallyyyy want it back!"
six flags tomorrow!!!  smile  but have an extra credit lab in the morning first  annoyed 
"ughh, finals this week && no late day tomorrow  annoyed "
"eww, my dog needs a bath! hahah "
"fml, hate chemistry! sitting here for 30 minutes = no hw done  haha "
"ughh, algebra 2, chem ap problems, && spanish 3 homework  yayy   "
"hmm, maybe ill start on my homework now    hahah "
"<propfirst> and i are gunna bake a cake, just because we want to eat it!! haha  yeahh, we're fattys  hahaha "
its before 9 and i already finished some homeworkk  smile  haha 
hates homeworkk! thank god for thanksgiving break next weekk!!!  smile 
omgg! i just fell in loveee tonight! hahahaha 
"yupppp, im definately in lovee! haha "
i am lovinggg channing <propfemale> && <propfirst> lautner!  love  hahah 
"ughh, chemistry    smn!!! hahahah "
"hmmm, 8 slices of pumpkin pie in less then 12 hours    hahaha "
is hungryyy!!! haha 
"shiiit, im down to $58 in order to get 4 people christmas presents, im on a loww budget this year  hahaha "
"my dog is acting crazyyyy && all energetic, i think it might have something to do with all the chocolate she ate    hahaha "
i dont think my garbage disposal takes steak bones    i think i might have broke it  hahahaha 
<propfirst> bieber seems to be the only person who can make me feel better    ha 
overr schoooool!
i wish my ankle and wrist would just stop hurting  sad 
im over doing hw   haha 
it would be nice to be in bed before 10 tonight  smile  haha 
"beat hueneme today, that was tough    hahaha "
not muchh homework tonightt  smile 
worst thing everr! haha 
last night was fun! && now im up in ojai with my padreee  smile 
well that was dissappointing   
another disappointing game   
wa wa waaaa    http annoyed  www formspring me alexarce13
im hungryyy   
ughh    homework  annoyed 
"homework suckss, i dont feel like doing it   haha "
im hungry   so im gunna eat some more of my pie! hahah 
just got up from a nap && already getting started on homework  hopefully ill be done by 11  annoyed  haha 
mmm   getting another pie!!  smile  haha 
not too bad of a day so far  smile 
finished my essay  smile     thanks <propfemale>  haha  goooood night!!
"more than half way done with my terms   its only been like 3 hours! cooool, haha "
coool   another soccer game at 7:15  how come i cant have a soccer game every saturday night? hahaha 
ahahahaha   one of the funniest soccer games ive played! hahaha 
"wowww, really?! daylight savings? fml  hahah "
retyping an essayy   
"ew, eff essayyys! hahaa "
whaaaat?! homework is all done?  smile ) haha 
"i hate how my phone is on when my battery is too low, but the radio is turned off  wtf am i suppose to do with a phone thats on but cant do anything?!? hahahaha "
home from long beach   long drive  && now school tomorrow?! fml 
<propmale> is fricking annoying!!! but that's nothing knew   hahahah 
shayne: maan ill never forget that  alex: oh yeahh    the one i gave you?! shayne: yeah i smashed that so hard!    ahahahaha!
2 essays: 1 down   one more to go  too bad i left my damn essay with my corrections at school! fml 
swiiiiiiiiirl!  smile  my new favorite place   haha 
"cheesecake, ice cream, and frozen yogurt all in the same day   i think <propfemale>  smile  haha "
tied our first state cup game   not bad for playing short with no subs  we played well today  smile 
getting hit on by like 12 year olds   really cutee  hahahaha 
"won 2-1 with 9 players, <propfirst> with a red card and me with a yellow   reeallyyy coool;coach said i played outstanding  goood game  smile  and moving on to next round   "
cant keep my eyes open!! haha 
mmm   in n out after practicee  smile  haha 
mmmm   costco pizza! hahaha  pissed they didn't have <propfirst> smoothis today   haha 
damn people who order like the whole fricking menu in front of u at drive-thrus! haha 
losing 0-2 with 9 players in state cup isn't bad   
"i hate when people wake u up from taking a nap, and u feel just as tired as u did before u fell asleep   hahaha "
eating dinner with the grandparents   i lovee not being able to do anything on the weekends!   nott 
"i wish i could just hybernate like a bear, for like 2 days without any interruptions  haha "
i like how parents put u in bad moods   hahahaha 
who wants to help me wash my car!? hahaha 
yesssss! no weight room tomorrow  smile  haha 
"go to prom? don't go to prom?    go to prom? don't go to prom? ohh, decisions decisions   hahaha "
school suuucksssss 
"hahahahahaha, i swearrr   the office is frickin hilarious! especially <propmale>  hahah "
csts can suckk it   
i dont know why all the guys hate on <propfirst> bieber   haha  love 
does anyone know what the whether is gunna be like tomorrow? hahaha 
can i just like skip over the rest of this school day? hahaha 
ahhhh shit!!! this would happen to me   
this defff is not my day!    hahah 
"so much for going to bed early tonight, haha  goood niiight  smile "
"hahahahaha, fuuuny way to end the tournament   love 3 u dimi !! hahaha "
"dayyuuum, nice 12 hour sleep  smile  hahaha "
i feel so stupid when i'm the only one laughing at a joke   hahaha 
"damn, everyones just annoying me today   hahaha "
whose ever idea it was for cst testing   can go jump off a <propmale> 
"jeeez   sats take foreverr to sign up for! haha, but i finally signed up!  smile  woooooo   (sarcasm) hahaha "
todays stupiddd    hahah 
in n out  smile  i'm ready to throw up 4th period   hahah 
i hate when plans get cancelled  annoyed  haha 
i'm not trying to sound like a fatass   but food makes almost anything better  smile  hahaha 
is soooo grateful for her friendss! they're the best!  smile  haha 
can classes please not be so boring anymore?   
going to bed   gotta rest up!
someone entertain me   my class is <propfemale> boringg! hahah 
"ughh, practice   dreading going!! hahah "
i hate decisions   haha 
another day of doing abolutely nothing in first period   
friiiiiday! && prom tomorrowww!!!  smile 
gettin my nails done with shaaaaayne!
i feel bad for nail people who need to do my feet  hahah 
i like how guys don't need to get ready for prom until like now   where as girls need like the wholee day! hahaha 
well that kinda ruined the niight   hahaha 
prom was frickin legitttt!!  smile  my legs are little sore though   hahaha 
its already 9?! where did the day goo? haha 
"\u don't want it to be roxyslut \"" -mrs  <propfirst>  hahahah """
love <propfirst> bieber!!!  love 
"mmm, that was a bomb ass dinner!  smile  haha "
i don't remember school sucking this much last year! haha 
soccer practice   thank god im quitting sooon! haha 
"\let me show ya what you're missin'    paradise \""  love 33333333333"""
procrastination always bites me in the ass   lol 
smn!!!   haha  imma be up all night doin this crap!  annoyed  haha 
got my <propfirst> bieber ring tones now  love  hahahaha 
tiiired   i don't want to do my personal statements  annoyed  haha 
"need 1000 words   i have 83  fml, hahaha "
don't feel like doing anythingg     haha 
school might be slightly better if we didn't have to get up so early  annoyed 
jus <propmale> mustbe the size of his pinky   ryan
i swearrr   it always rains after i wash my car   its greeeeat  smile     not 
"eating in your car, by yourself   is the worst feeling ever  hahahah "
"who calls <propfirst> in the box \jib\""? hahaha """
if seniors get a breakfast i think i should too! haha 
"daaamn, its hot today! haha "
does anyone know where raging waters is? hahaha 
just found out i am officially done with club soccer!  smile 
i like how my parents think i'm on something because i laugh randomly?   i'm pretty sure i've always done that  haha 
i hate homeworkk && stupid book reports  annoyed  haha 
facebook pages are funny! hahahaha 
thank god for double spacing    haha 
"done!  smile  sorta   ill do the last part tomorrow morning  haha, fml  anyways   night, since its not so goood  haha  smile "
getting my car washed!   hopefully it doesn't rain tomorrow   haha 
sats tomorrow    fml! haha
sats    suuckk ballls! haha 
does anyone who's up know where to buy film for a polaroid camera? haha 
busting missions for a hw project   greeeeeat  haha 
can we fast forward this week and make it summer already?  smile 
personal statements  annoyed  i wish i would have done this like a month agoo    haha 
"800 words   mmm, thats better than what i had before  smile  why couldnt i do that a looooong time ago? haha "
is about to make some bomb ass nachos!  smile 
"noooo homeworkk  smile  this is weird, i've been doing nothingg  haha "
just a half dayy leftt  laugh 
if <propmale> brothers get a show   justin bieber should too! hahaha 
today suuuckssss   
i have a headache  annoyed 
i really enjoy spain   but i do miss home && my phone  sad  haha 
"being able to speak, or at least understand spanish would be nicee   stupid spanish class that didnt teach me shit, hahaha "
"omg   tonight was sooo much fun!!! great way to end a night in spain  smile ) hahah, coming home tomorrow   finally ill have my phone again  smile "
mexico's loosingg   haha 
i still want to know why they had demi lavoto at warped tour    hahahaha 
why have i been getting up sooo early lately!?
"why not? haha   if you \like\"" this i will confess something to you """
stupid cops that have nothing better to do but give out citation tickets for license plates   hah 
i love the way u lie  love 
<propfirst> bieber on silent library  love  hahaha 
how many languages do the world cup refs speak? haha 
"ahahahah, the commentators are messed up, haha "
if i wanted a toasted sub i would go to quiznos   not subway  hahaha 
fb groups are hilariousss! hahaha 
 smile 
i'm frickin hungryyy! and its sooo hot! haha 
what the shiiit   why can't i sleep?  sad 
spain  love 
is having loads of funn    hahaha 
"that was chill   well not really! haha  \just make sure u get the <propmale> size \"" ahahahaha   roman """
nothing like a basket of fun  smile  hahah 
what's goood?   eating in the car on the way to nevada arizona  smile  haha 
what time is the germany vs  spain game at on wednesday?
i hate those   i look like shit days no matter what i do   hah 
having a blast!  smile  haha 
"the last song  love  i'm totally in love with that guy now, haha "
"looking like shit no matter what i do, day 2  haha "
spain!!!  love  i wish i was still there   haha 
gunna get my hair cut! hopefully it doesn't turn out like crap   hahaha 
i'm soooo outta shape its not even funny! hahah 
 smile 
"seriouslyy, why do people make plans if they're not gunna follow through with them?   "
bjs!  love 
 smile 
"ew, i woke up all sore   wtf? haha "
"omg, i swearrr   i hate super annoying people! haha "
world cup championship  love 
damn spain   just score already! haha 
grown upss  smile 
i don't feel well  annoyed  goodnight   
"i usually don't write status' about boys   but damn, u guys suckk  haha "
i feel like my legs are gunna fall off   
at least me being sore means im actually working out again   haha
"what's life, without risks?   "
i hate going to vons by myself and seeing all the junk food possibilities    haha  smile 
"im also boreddd, sooooooooo im   completely honest for 24 hours  you can ask me one- two questions (only in my inbox)  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status && see what questions you get "
how come it feels like its only like 10 surprise 0 and not 1 surprise 0? hahah 
tournament in thousand oaks   its gunna be wayy hot  sad 
"i'm boredd   but i don't have anything to post, haha "
a pint of ice cream?   i think so  smile  i worked hard today and am still boreddd  haha 
"daaaaang, bow wow's hott    haha  smile "
word of volleyball season for me   fml! haha 
"i'm sooo tired, i could like fall asleep for the night right now   i just want to get home so i can sleeeeeeep! hahah "
i want to play tennis! haha 
i'm really hungryy   what's a good snack at this time?   ice cream maybe?
soccer  love  i missed it! haha 
tennis isn't as fun as soccer   hahah 
my leg killsss  annoyed 
"bruises back on my legs again   like they should be, i've missed u soccer  love  haha "
"me- \wait what did u think i said?   i wish i could egg houses from the freeway?\"" \",d987c9b6d43ad253c6570746aa294009,nooo practice tomorrow!! lets make planss  smile 
i close my eyes for 30 seconds and i'm already dreammingg   
"ahahahahah, that '70s show never gets old  love "
well that was like the hardest hour of my life!   haha  let's do something tonightt  smile 
mmm!   limited time offer chicken sandwhich combo at <propfirst> n the boxx  smile  haha 
i wish my parents hadn't eaten all my ice cream!!   jerkss! haha 
why do people use fb as like a twitter?   i don't care what you're doing every minute! haha 
its sooo much easier to get over someone when u realize they're a jerk and there's someone else   pahahah 
today has been pretty goood   but its not over yet  smile  hahah 
i really need to clean my room   ha 
i would say everything's going pretty well right now  smile 
idk why   but i think its reallyyy annoying when my mom asks who i'm textingg   ha 
first day of p90x with kalene <propfemale> deguzman   wasnt too bad since we could barely do anythingg! hahaha 
"tonight suckss   u know im bored when im on fb, on my computer   hah "
i need to stop having dreams about my teeth falling out  sad  haha 
ihop with da team  smile 
fifa timee   haha 
the <propfemale> looks cool tonightt  smile 
the radio suckss   thank god for ipods!
hurricane harbor boundd  smile 
noooooo! why did my alarm have to go off right before i was gunna eat like the best carrot cake of my life?  annoyed  hahah 
"guess i'm cleaning my room and car today, finally i have time to do it  smile "
went home a winner  smile  pahaha 
<propfemale> <propfemale> is pretty badass   haha 
brainstorming in the cuzzi   
i just like broke my phone and put it back together even better than before  smile  haha 
"hahaha, hilariousss night  haha  smile "
first 2 days of the month have been goood so far  smile 
i really want to go to in n out or a mexican place right now! hahah 
"i hate when ur paranoid about not waking in time for something u need to go do, so u can't even take a decent nap when ur tired  annoyed  hahah "
i wish u could jus get up whenever the hell u felt like it   and not need to set alarms  annoyed 
soooo sore  annoyed 
"if you're gunna be driving in the left <propfirst>, don't go slower than the speed limit! haha "
how come some people act so retarded? haha 
yayyy for early morning tournamentss  smile 
"wth, i've been cold like alll day  annoyed "
"pahahaha, singstar && white chicks   good shit "
<propfirst> st  cloud  smile 
yesssssss! i got my itouch working again!  smile  you're lucky kalene   haha 
i like how random people who don't even speak your language request u as a friend   haha 
who isn't going to the fair todayy?   its packedd!
"\live life   there is no take two \"""""
the feeling of not being able to breathe when you've eaten too much   
whyyy have i been feeling soooo exhausted lately?
i hate plans   hahaha 
lottery ticket = bow wow = i wanna see it   haha  smile 
i hate when u end up waking up earlier than u had to   
"uhh   for the people i havent texted back tonight, i broke my phone   soo yeah  if u need to get a hold of me call me or hit me up on this   ha "
"hmm, 2 nice days in a row? finally   haha  smile "
senior pics   hopefully they come out decent!! haha 
"yayyyy for senior year and only having like 2 real classes  smile \\per  1- dismissal  smile \per  2- econ \per  3- english 4 ap\per  4- digital photo\per  5- stats ap\per  6- my sport "
yayyy  smile  got my new phone today! so i can use it again   haha 
a week left of summer before school starts   let's do something crazyy  smile 
starvingg   and power went out so i can't even use the microwave or anythingg! wth?!  annoyed  haha 
"i remember when i use to really enjoy having my dogs   and now a days they just annoy me, ha "
i've been home with my parents for like 5 <propfemale> after being gone the whole weekend and they're already being super annoying   faaaantastic!
"6 flagss   nice weather, no lines   the dayy to go!  smile  haha "
what a changee   
"i'm frickin hungryy   hmm, what to makee?"
and the fun starts with weight room tomorrow morning   yayyyy  nott 
my phone and crappy service in my house are really annoying with my delay of getting textss   ha 
on our way to slo  smile 
today suuuucked!  annoyed  hopefully tomorrow will make it better  smile     ha 
has been up since 4:45   wtf?!
"everything about todayy woulda sucked any other day   but today, it was pretty gooood  smile "
why do teachers insist on giving so muchh hw to seniors?
everything happens for a reason  smile 
what a gooood day  smile   love 
ughh   i feel sick  annoyed 
quitt? i'm thinking about itt   
today was a goooood day  love  && what makes it even better is knowing theres no weightroom for varisty tomorrow morning!!  smile 
geez   parents yelling are annoying  especially when its not necessary   
homework suckss! i almost don't even want to go to school tomorrow   haha 
"\what i'm trying to say is there's a positive correlation in time spent with you and how good of a mood i'm in \"" -  love  hahahah """
"\bitch on wheels \"" ahahahahah """
"i swear i saw a ufo tonight  && i wasnt the only one   there are other witnesses, haha "
i'm getting fat   hahaha 
my back hurtss  sad     
ughh  efff this  sad     
why can't i sleep in anymore?     annoyed 
i'm <propfemale> confused   haha 
date night   with dimi  smile  haha 
school? nahh   haha 
who invented school!?
 smile  nightstersss!
it is frickin coldd!
tonight suuucks   wtf! ha 
first soccer game i'm gunna play since like january!  smile 
boy is it niice not having school  i may never want to go back again!   ha  (but seriously )
"\live every moment  laugh every day  and love beyong words \"""""
ugh  soooo    full!!   can't   breathe 
mmm   cheesecake factory  smile 
hmmm  second thoughtss   
woke up to a lovely wake up call from shayne   haha 
"now that i think about it   break wasn't all that great \and on top of that   i have school to nottt look forward to for tomorrow   ha "
i am soooo over anything school related!
just not feelin' it   
damn its already friday? well that's nice!  smile  haha 
sometimes i wish the days were longer   
starting to realize things i didn't see before   
sooo over all this bs   its ridiculous  ha 
"well, since everyone else is doing it  ha    inbox me # 1- 500 and in a status ill write how i feel or what i think about you without anyone knowing "
#221  u hav done so much 4 me & my sister over the years  u hav helped out w a lot of family crap tht i cant imagine any1 else helping out wit  u always remembered bdays   even if it was the 'wrong' age haha  i love you and am glad u leave near us cuz i think i should start visiting u more like <propfemale> and <propfirst> do! ur one of my fav ppl & i love when the holidays come around cuz u always whip up some devil eggs  smile  ha 
"#143  u would pick this number  haha  tight song! anyways, you have to be one of my best friends and someone i look up yo  i know you arent perfect but youve already achieved a lot in ur life and i know u can do so much more  i love spending time with u even tho we dont as much anymore  ur an amazing person, i love u to death and are one of the few ppl i'd do anything for  smile "
"#12: i have gotten to like u a lot more these past years, ha  i know u might take it as a back handed compliment, but dont  haha  towards the last 2 months or month of summer i'd say u became one of my better guy friends  i could always hit u up and youd be down and free to do something  haha  we will definitely do something else before break  ill hit u up! maybe some tacos, hahah "
#500: oh how i miss hanging out with u! i feel like we dont even know eachother anymore!  annoyed  ha  we never like talk or see eachother   i say this christmas break we go to at least one bomb ass party and have a great frickin' time! haha  we need to catch up   maybe go to bj's again  haha  that was fun! or sumo   that was funny  haha 
"#69: i should have known u out of all people would have picked this number   guess its the chola thing to do, haha  i miss you and even if me and 2 other people visited u probably like a month ago i still feel like i havent seen u in practically forever! i miss all of our memories and making fun of cotton <propfemale> body spray, hahah  i hope we all catch up again soon!  smile "
"#224: you are probably one of my all time favorite people and definitely one of my best friends! i feel like i can tell u anything and go to u with any problems  you always listen to me and have good advice to give  i hope we will stay good friends   well until i die, ha  we can get passed anything even if we've never had anything to get past  haha "
"#19: damn i havent talked to u in ages! haha  i wouldnt have e playful ected u to give me a number, ha  i remember back in the old days when we would get in trouble for drawing smily faces on the back of garages when we were making castles  haha! funny when we look back it now   not so much then  haha "
"#1: pahahah  some funny times now that i think about it  we should all get together and have one of those nights again   that lasts longer  ahahah  or play some soccer, whenever i asked, u could never make it   but u did get us a ride from oxnard to <propfemale> <propfemale> so we didnt have to wait there allll day  haha  this is frickin lame   i think its cuz im trying to hard for it not to be  haha "
"#25: oh the love of my life  love  idk if my life would be as blessed without u in it  im glad we got to catch up for a few seconds a couple weekends ago but can we make it a little longer next time please? thanks  && also, i still want your work schedule so i can go visit u  thatd be greeeeat  smile  cuz i miss you and am trying to look for ways to seeu  ha  in a non stalkerish way that is  hah hah "
"#7: we have had our ups and downs in middle school, haha  but out of everyone there i always felt like u were one of the most honest people  do u know what i just remembered?! you offered me ice cream one day and i have yet to go and get it  maybe ill make a trip one of these dayss  haha "
#44: i always thought u were a cutie and super nice  smile  haha  i remember when u commented on my status one time and i thought it was all random since we like never talked before and i was like he's actually pretty cute   and funny  haha  even though we never got a <propmale> to play soccer cuz u were always making excuses of not being around in time   i still thought u were nice  haha 
"#499: even though we dont really know eachother all that well; we kind of act like we do  haha  and its all because of one funny looking guy  playful  haha  i remember the first time we met at the toppers thing, haha  i was like this chick seems pretty hyper, idk if can deal with it  but now, i think ur pretty cool  smile "
sometimes its easier to believe in other people more than yourself   
heading to irvine   
"pahahah, due date was pretty funny  smile "
"#14  you were always so nice no matter what happened  even if i didnt ask for advice, you would always give it to me and some how make me feel better  haha  i wish i had the motivation and drive that you do  you try your best at everything you do and thats something i need to take lessons from, haha  youre a really good friend and a super sweet guy  i hope you find mrs  right someday  smile "
tired  cant wait until christmas breakk  3 more days   this week is going by slow 
"excuse my language, but   fuck this "
crapp   i still need to get presents for a bunch of people  haha 
it is cold as balls out here   
so tired of this bs   
"3 monthss  love  damn, that went by fast  ha "
passed 2 days kinda sucked    hopefully today will make it better  hahah 
"really, chicken pox? thanks <propfirst>   "
can my fever just go away pleeease?  sad 
just married  smile 
damnn  i'm starting to get really itchy  sad 
pretty little liars is back!  smile 
on my way to peoples choice awards    maybe ill get lucky and see <propfirst> bieber!!  smile  haha 
just when i think my life sucks    i realize it doesn't at all  smile 
i love mrs  beyers presentations   
i cant believe i just did that    but it needed to be done 
been lying in bed for almost 2 hours and don't wanna get up   ha 
   and i'm only getting up cuz i'm frickin hungry haha 
i wish my dogs werent so frickin' annoying all the time    
"pretty good day  smile  started out with making chocolate chip pancakes, eggs, toast, and potatoes for breakfast!    pretty bomb  smile "
i love having to come to school for 2 hours to watch a movie   if it was always like this they might see me more haha 
i hate when you're so warm and comfortable in your bed and then u have to get up for school   
my knee kills  annoyed    
who wants to fucking do something   
i like <propfirst> in the box because they serve breakfast all day  smile 
why do people think they dont have to stay in their own <propfirst>? like wtf   haha 
am i like the only person who doesn't really care about superbowl? haha 
that was some bomb el tapatio  smile 
"\all good things gotta come to an end \"""""
idk if i should be worried that my bf seems more excited about the jb movie premiere tonight then me   hahaha
jbs movie definitely made me like him even moree  love  haha 
"aw man, now someone else gets to see my shitty grades    haha"
yayyy  i already feel better  smile 
anyone down to take me to pacifica after 5th? i don't have my car    ha 
i rather fail than study for my test   ha 
"i'm thinking maybe i can't have relationships, cuz lately they're not making any sense  and baby, you're the one thing on my mind but that can change at any time   "
due date is frickin hilariouss   even the 3rd time haha 
everything back to perfect  smile 
does anyone know what time 2nd period starts tomorrow?
school wouldnt be so bad if they didnt give out hw   
&& i think i just decided im not gunna do my sound & sense ha    
"there comes a point when, pedestrians just don't have the right of way   haha"
shit just got real   
free dinner? hellll yeah!  smile 
oh my god my knee hurts   it feels like its numbing my whole leg so i cant walk! ha 
i haaate time change 
is tomorrow late start?
finding a job is impossible   this is so stupid! ha 
$90 to fill up my tank hurts    haha 
words with friendss  smile     pizza124
"6 monthss in counting yesterday  love  haha, and then rainy day to stay in and make jello, and popcorn, and watch movies, and cuddle? i'd say a pretty goood weekend  smile  haha "
too bad you're born into your family and can't choose them   ha
high school is so stupid!   
my baby finally got sold  sad    ha
train ride to san <propfirst>     smile 
went for a run    so outta shape haha 
i want ihop   those cinnamon roll pancakes are frickin good!
the last day of spring break would be the shittiest day   thanks mom 
"ahhhhh     fun dayy  smile  haha  especially a thank you to devry reitz(ill pick u up for swirl some day recent) <propfemale> edwards who started this day, <propmale> evgrafov for being a crack up, dimi elah mayorga for e playful eriencing the fun, && <propmale> for walking me home afterwards haha  smile "
grandparents are the bestt  love 
"ugh, people are annoying ha  goodnight "
"\i wish i could fix you; and i wish you could fix me \"""""
