56cb1f71a759292ca43ad55c54ce015a
oh what a night    
<propmale> miller concert last night had a blast!!!!!
it's a great day to be alive  smile 
chillin in oswego with my brother for the weekend! whoop whoop
here i am from the place where the sun keeps shining with a brand new style and a unique fashion and good good vibes that keep on playin     playin  smile 
just heard this great rumor that <propmale> miller band is touring with <propfirst> thorogood next year!!!!!
"life is one big road with lots of signs  so when you're riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind  flee from hate, mischief and jealousy  don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality   wake up and live! -----<propmale> marley"
don't you know about the bird? hey everybody's heard that the bird is the word        finally after four years that bird has been caged tonight!!!! life is so much sweeter already  smile 
detroit rock city!!!!!!!!!!!
had fun in detroit!!!
snow day!!! = no work for me today!!!
there's gotta be something more       
johnnnnnnyyyyy caaaaaassssshhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
"cheer up <propfirst>, you get the whole factory in the end you big friggen cry baby!"
sometimes i wish i was younger and could pick up the pieces and run but then i look back on the matter of fact and its a race that we've already won      
"a little shoeshine boy never gets low down\but he's got the dirtiest job in town\bendin' low at the peoples' feet\on the <propfemale> corner of the dirty street\well, i asked him while he shined my shoes\how'd he keep from gettin' the blues\he grinned as he raised his little head\popped a shoeshine rag and then he said            "
ready for fiesta activities with my favorites  smile 
lazy river run yesterday    burnt and hungover but i love it
whoop there it is
oh mylanta     
how come everytime i go into walmart i feel as though i am the only one wearing a bra?
<propfemale> <propfemale> just realized on spongebob that mr  krab lives in bikini bottom hahaha  smile 
thank you <propmale> house for giving me the ambition to do the things today i would have put off till tomorrow
let's see what kinda poo this monkey of a day is gonna fling at me
alot of wierd shit is gonna happen if pigs ever learn to fly
oooohhhhh what a fun night that was hahaha       
so    i was trying to invision my future and then i started laughing at all them grannies with tramp stamps
and the <propfirst> birthday fiestas have begun!!!!!
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!  smile 
what a perfect weekend  smile 
can i high five your face?
"dear life,     if u get any sweeter i'm goin to have to put u in the double choc fudge brownie catergory   aka guilty pleasure  smile "
watchin disney movies with my favorite person today and then out for the weekend once <propfirst> gets home smile  life you are good life you are grand wouldn't have you any other way  smile 
never better  smile 
fun and adventures with my fun sized friend today cant wait  smile 
"whoever is unjust let him be unjust still\whoever is righteous let him be righteous still\whoever is filthy let him be filthy still\listen to the words long written down\when the man comes around"
the trouble with the world is that the stupid are so confident while the intelligent are full of doubt  - bertrand <propfirst>
"goin party shopping with my verticaly challenged friend, and then late night salmon fishing!! went and got geared up last night fully equipped with new poles and bait    i'm pretty good at bating the pole too in fact one could say i am the master baiter    of the pole hahahaha can't help but smile these days feel so happy and relieved and looking forward to all the new adventures just ahead  smile "
"follow your instincts   avoid people who indulge in gossip, let go of toxic friendships relationships and sidestep troublemakers destined to wreak havoc!"
"even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start now and make a brand new ending"
"\great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"if you cannot be a poet, be the poem   ~david carradine"
"think it, dream it and when it comes your way, take a moment to fear it,  and then run with it   "
don't sit back wishing for change; stand up and be the change
my friends are the best  seriously  what an extreme night to say the least  smile  i love you ladies  you definatley make life all the more fun to be in  smile 
wants to play euchre!!!!!!
"in age u find wisdom, in wisdom u find truth,in truth u find trust,in trust u find love, in love u find happiness   in happiness you find you"
everything in life is beautiful   sometimes you just have to change your perspective in order to see the beauty 
all smiles  smile 
"if you need something to be grateful for, check your pulse"
be a butterfly in a world of moths 
"i am not bound to win, but i am bound to be true  i am not bound to succeed, but i am bound to live by the light that i have  i must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong  \<propmale> <propmale>"
great weekend fun ahead  smile 
what a great day in chile
"one's philosophy is not best e playful ressed in words; it is e playful ressed in the choices one makes    and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility  \<propfemale> <propmale>"
lord <propmale> me the strength to be content where i am  the <propfemale> to wait on your timing  & the faith to remember that you have your hand always on my heart 
"i am perfect in my imperfections, secure in my insecurities, happy in my pain, strong in my weaknesses, and beautiful in my own way   i am \myself\"" """
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  i love life!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
dear 10:19    thank you for haunting me but thank you even more for finally uncovering your meaning       smile   smile   smile 
"woke up this morning with air in my lungs, a beat in my heart, and my best friend in the whole world laying next to me  life is as it should be "
"happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed  happiness is the spiritual e playful erience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude"
<propfemale> <propfemale>  wink 
"uh    pshhh nooo i didn't fall    i'm a ninja    the floor looked at me funny, sooo i just used my insane ninja skills to attack it!!"
true beauty lies within the heart  change for no one and believe in who you are 
"happiness is a choice   you should not rely depend on others for your happiness, nor blame them for your lack of it  you are responsible for your own happiness "
"bird flu, mad cow disease, and swine flu   omg its farmegeddon!"
i want my very own penguin for christmas
who's up for kicking <propfirst> frost in the snowballs?
"is amazed by people who royally screw up their lives and then consider themselves poor, pitiful victims of circumstance "
what a perfect day to cozy up with blankets after work and introduce my little baby to some <propfirst> cash  smile 
"well you may throw your rock and hide your hand, workin' in the dark against your fellow man  but as sure as god made black and white, what's done in the dark will be brought to the light  you can run on for a long time run on for a long time, sooner or later god'll cut you down"
"<propfemale>, you break into people's houses and eat their cookies; don't judge me"
and christmas vacation begins!   
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
self confidence is the most attractive quality a person can have  how can anyone see how awesome you are if you can`t see it yourself?
it's ten degrees warmer in juneau alaska   
"<propfemale> sarver a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not, investing their own money for your child's literacy, prosperity, and future  re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher "
