208d59a1c9813e6c27c41101dae856f7
areli and <propfemale> are weenies if you agree press like or leave a comment      if you dont then dont even bother so please somment or like thank u       <=^p
if anyone has animals or bannana trees that they can gift me for farmville i would really apreciate it     thanks
needed wanted bannana trees for my farmville if you could please send me some that would be greatly appreciated thank you      i can send anything up to the pig      
lmao on the last quiz that i took               lmao!!!!!
this last one wasnt so accurate bt its halarious that areli got <propfemale> n i <propmale>
im at uc la rite now in the student store n felt like checking my farmville         is that bad????       lmao
and i seen <propfemale> <propfemale>       
stinkin farmiville wont let me send gifts     whats up with that????
"school was so much fun today pretty much didnt do anything all day   ate food in avid, ditched east, played pit and catch frase in econ and hecka beat <propfemale> and baily in egypsian war in english        oh and thanks to <propfemale> hoke now  thinks i have furry handcuffs in my room     lmao"
finally have internet again after 5 days    bt thanks to stupid comcast all my crops withered
finally got my blanket from beth     after like almost a year     its pretty awsome i must say
wraping x-mas gifts     they are turning out great      
4 0 gpa     hells yeah!!!!!!!          laugh 
so excited its 2011 and its off to a great start but you know what that’s supposed to mean…  we are allegedly going to die in 1 year hahaha!  laugh 
thought of the perfect idea!!!!  laugh 
i have a favor to ask to any of you guys there is a white feamle pitbull that needs a home my cousin is moving and for a while they wont be able to have her because they are living in an appartment     they were wondering if they could find a temporary home for her or if anyone was willing to adopt her because if shes taken to the spca she would be euthinized right away
if you go to my pics i will post a pic of her      her name is <propfemale> shes about 5 6 years old shes really playful and energetic and not aggressive at all shes a victim of violence and of scared of men       let me kno if u cant do anything or if you have questions please         
just had the greatest idea
i need to stop getting distracted with facebook and do my econ portfolio thats due tomorrow     
got tickets for the imax midnight premire of eclipse on the 30th
so im in my kitchen right getting something to drink and dancing then i see my reflection on the window and it scares the shit out of me cuz i though there was some one watching me in the back yard    lmao
at tutti frutti with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> and areli      fun times
skipping class in a limo on my way to bj's how awsome is that!
<propfemale> just forcefully fondeled me in the back if the limo
i think i just tasted heaven
omg my mom just almost cut me with a knife and laughed about it
how are you supposed to know what a humming bird loving you feels like   
whoooooo tower of terror just kiked off the night for us
dirty dancing in disney    what?
aloha dance today who's going?
dont you love it when you completely screw up your life for one stupid relationship that is soon over and afterwards you only have your own pathetic self
 to live with    lmao  wink 
so the aloha dance completely sucked
yay just got my diploma holder now just have to go back to get the actual thing     wait for everyone elses names to be called and we are done suckers!!!!!
does anyone have a skype?
i got my email for the grad pictures they took and i like all of them  smile  i might just buy them    
finally got registered for my classes
first day at the gym how exciting
enjoying the pasokie goodness  laugh 
have hbo now so i can watch true blood heck yeah!  laugh 
after idk how long i finally saw the wolverine movie it was really good
<propfemale> lately is my favorite show ever!
tutti frutti mango sorbet and pink lemonade delicious     theyr no longer hiering tho  sad 
how do you get a hair out of your dogs eye without hurting him?
i am sooooo going to hell       annoyed \      lol
just watched the proposal and loved it     smile 
got into the spanish class at with <propfemale> <propfemale> and areli
spongejetta ghettoest effin name ive heard jet    lmao
going to go watch avatar the last airbender next week with the asians  smile  cant wait
so we are eating and my mom was choking and we are laughing at her and she wanted to laugh but she couldnt so she goes crying to my dad so he could tell
us to stop      lmao
so i'm finally reading breaking <propfemale> and i can't believe that i'm actually getting into it
i am not a happy camper today
reading is painful
and the nosebleeds are bsck
my attempt to make an omelet failed  sad 
"areli's new nickname from the jersey shore \cheetos\"""""
ewwwww were at a stoplight and i look to the car next to me and the guy is picking his nose then he looks at it n puts that finger in his mouth discusting!
ugh people are so trashy these days
omg just caught a super cute baby duck at the park
panda likes friendship bread     lol
"so which class should i take fencing, hip hop, or massage therapy at state"
omg i totally loved <propfemale> on sytycd   i was so not e playful ecting that  laugh 
just saw my first meteor  smile      anyone else watching?
i love epicfail com
so its almost 4 am and im starving so im making myself some delicious breakfast
just walked into my first college class how exciting!
omg my english class feels just like highschool but my teacher seems super cool
"searching from my books, not fun at all and super e playful ensive      i guess i found a type of shopping i dont like to do  so much easier in highschool where they just give it to you, cuz you dont <propfemale> have to look for it!"
my math teacher is so cool!
great i just bit a fork (accidentally)and my tooth craked ='(
so im sitting waiting for <propfemale> cuz my class got canceled and i just got asked to join a freternity     lmao what do you guys think
whoooo! printer finally working  smile 
i ate 3 bowls of pasta today   very very bad   lol
omg seeing a girls face when they are about to catch a bouquet at a wedding  is hilarious!!!
3 months from today i will finally be 18   can't wait!
i dont mean to sound like a douche but why is a guy in a wheel chair looking for a bycicle?
i cant believe my first college test was in spanish      and it is freakin hot today!
sooooooooo bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
getting ready to watch easy a     so excited!
easy a was amazing!!!!
omg i just fed the cutest fattest baby squirrel so adorable
omg im in the library and someone just farted i want to laugh!
yesssss! finally finished my math hw  smile 
so we are watching the toy story 3 thing and the screen deflates and we have been waiting for 30  for them to replace the cord that blew up
epic fail epic fail sprinkles just came on!!!!!!!!
whooooo movies back on!      idk why i took the time to tweet and facebook about the sprinklers instead of picking up my stuff
freezing my butt off!!!!
the sky is looking beautiful tonight with the full <propfemale> and the clouds  smile 
i get a smile on my face every time i see a squirrel running around   im going to capture one and keep it as a pet!
omg my dad just told me to go to the gym and become a striper!
what is a good magazine to buy?
96 100 hellz yeah i only missed 1 on my first math exam
praise the jesus rite aid thanks finally found the magazine i was looking for after idk how many stores i went to
omg i am such a f*ck tard i jus locked my keys in my car
so i need to write an informative speech and it can be about anything (school appropriate) what are some good new topics ideas? help!
did u guys know that it is sprinkling outside
yes english class cancelled!
whoooooooo! 50 50 on my first comm 3 class test hellz yeah!  wink 
why is it that 2+2=4 & 2x2=4 but 3+3=6 & 3x3=9?
whooooooo! 100 100 on my spanish test and the only one of the entire class hellz yeah!  laugh 
wtf i just walked by some classroom and there is a guy wearing just boxers and the entire class is gathered arround watching him
whoo excited for my speech next class   lets rock this shiz!  laugh 
rocked my speech just like i planned!
wow old lady throwing a trantum     funny as heck      lol
just ate a delicious beef burrito from chipotle
got $50 bed sheets from target for $12 thank you clerance and extra 10% off
"hehehehehe    \bake 30-40 minutes or until center does not jiggle when shaken \""    lol"""
i wish i didnt have to go to class today
was about to ditch math class but decided on going because we have an exam next fri  sad 
omg i just caught my dog humping a stuffed animal and hes fixed!
"i hate hw!   i have a 6 <propfemale> essay, 40 ?'s for math, 8 worksheets for spanish, and all due tomorrow   well better get 2 it   on the plus side i changed my cars oil  smile "
after several intense games of tetris with kao i was horribly defeated  sad       and now its back to hw time yay   not!
finally finished hw     gotta love college!
i need more brain speed for all this writing i have to do!
working on the mid term portfolio reflection letter     slow progress but im getting there    
i am so out of shape!
my arms feel like freakin noodles
would it be a bad thing to put fabric softener on my dog so he can be sodt and smell good?
ok so that retarded guy <propfirst> from the bachelorette i just saw him at the fair
i spotted snookie
awww the bff e playful ress is closed  sad 
3 fights 2 stampeeds several girls with clothes on too tight rediculous ppl and overly priced itmes and games    fun day at the fair with <propfirst> and <propmale> ran into a lot of people hello to you all
yay got my costco gold <propfemale> membership card
whooo fisrt time i ride a bike since lk 8th grade so exciting also skipping math class to go get pizza and breaking news my jeans ripped right in the crotch
just got out of my natural science midterm    it would of been a lot easier if i would of actually studided my notes
wtf someone from seattle accessed my account what kind of bs is that facebook!
whooooo 96 100 on my math exam    now lets hope i did as good on my nat sci mid term   
watching the 600th episode of my favorite show <propfemale> lately! instead of doin my hw   lol
huge accident on shaw and palm lots of traffic and cops completely blocked off avoid it if u can
so relieved i got a 81 100 on my natural science midterm i was e playful ecting a c
lmao my parents think they scare me!     hahaha
"wow this 8 <propfemale> 2,000 word term paper is a lot harder than i thought it was going to be    thats what i get for procrasinating oh well lets get back to it!"
eating one of my favorite restaurants <propfemale> garden
reading fml's instead of finishing my term paper thats due tomorrow   look for a future fml posting from me    lmao
hahahaha no fml for me! i finished my term paper on time     procrastination success once again!
so i have to do a persuasive speech and idk what topic to choose   any help other that the common ideas    please and thank you
persuasive speech topic parents involvement in children's lives or bees going extinct
mmmmmm the habit burger grill is a must! delicious food and totally ine playful ensive
reading is so effin boring!
has it ever been this hot in november before?
id whip my hair back and forth too if i stil had it
"i need help with a research project so heres a question for anyone to answer   \if you had to choose 4 zodiac signs wich ones would you pick?"
one of the jackets i ordered came in today and i love it!
finishing up my presentation its due at 2     lol
hummmmmmm what sounds good  to eat
<propmale> salad with grilled teriyaki chicken mmmmmm yummy in my tummy
ughhhhh i can already tell my schedule is going to suck next semester
so excited got my second coat today i just have to take it to the dry cleaners cuz it smells a little funky n its wrinkled
"so my schedule mwf nutrirition 8-8:50 am, econ 40 10-10:50, pol  sci  2 1-1:50, then on w i have is 52 lab 4-5:50, lec  6-7:50, tth history 11 5-6:15---->insert angry face"
just rode a long board for the first time and i didnt eat it thanks to <propfemale> and <propfirst>
100 in my 3rd math exam hellz yeah!
ouch just hella burnt my tounge on a hot tamale
oh my gosh im on google i just looked up my name and im on <propfemale> two     lol
let me get them keys to the benz
when your a guy asking for ugg boots at a store you get weird looks
whooooooo! today i started on my essay that is due tomorrow and now i just need the conclusion and im done   the irony is that it is about social networks and how we value them too much and the reason why i decided to wait till the last minute to do it is because i was on this thing wasting my time    lmao  laugh 
omg its so gross this one chick is eating a tomato like its an apple or sumthin
anyone wanna go see burlesque with me tomorrow?
whooooo! about to watch burlesque with <propfemale> and rang
i am sooooooo buying burlesque when it comes out in blue-ray! such a good movie
getting ready to do some black friday shopping    who else is going?
hint hint for anyone out there i want the burlesque soundtrack and cant find it anywhere  wink 
stupid effin paper cuts!
"like my status and i'll write a letter to you! dear ____,you have a cute___ if we were in a room together i would ____ smile  we should go visit____  if you hugged me i would ____  you are ____ i'd get your name tattooed on my____  you have just been dared to make this your status"
ok so we are talking about motor skills and this girl  turns around and asks does that affect your driving skills   lmao
omg <propfemale> handler on <propfirst> lenno tonight was helarious i want to see her show live so badly!
5 more days of clesses and then finals and i am done with my first semester of college
did you guys know hanukkah started today at sundown lets celebrate!
whoooooooooo! finally found the burlesque soundtrack
i wish high schools would have teacher evaluations then we could of really gotten rid of the ones that sucked cough cough herrera
stuck in traffic on shaw!!!! wtf
"finally starting on my speech that is due on tues, im so excited for it but im having problems with wording my intro, gotta get it done so that i can start practicing it it has to be perfect, cant wait till i present it!!!!!"
hummmmm the red <propfemale> cheescake from cheescake factory is to die for!
doing hw on my b-day with areli molina and <propfemale> maul it sucks but thats what i get for waiting till the last minute hahaha
i just want to say thank you all for your birthday wishes it was quite interesting having my phone go off all day alright take care      and now that im finally legal mayb we can all go clubbin some time yeah?  laugh 
finished with my speech i think it came out great!
now i just have to practice it and make the power point
why was <propfemale> shopping at the kennel book store?
you guys need to play qwop its the hardest thing ever i got to 16 6 meters let me know how far you can get   
about to start my speech for comm 3 how exciting!
thinking i might do some x-mas shopping later on today
yeya got an a on my english class whooooooo!
i feel like a pregnate woman im having so many cravings    hahaha
omg! there is actually a job in chile  that is being a professional prostitute tester wtf!
whoooooo! no math final for me 468 350
why does saturn have rings? because god liked it so he put a ring on it    hahaha!
im on my 3rd smoothie and i think im going for a 4th  laugh 
what is a chiweenie? a combination of @<propfemale> mehling and @<propfemale> cineros
stupid little kid just hella ate it ahhhh my day is made  laugh 
"\soon you will be sitting on top of the world\"" panda e playful ress fortune cookie     i seem to agree with it"""
just finished my comm 3 final whoot whoot!
doing some x-mas decorating and still not into the holiday spirit   im like the grinch hahaha
i am so hungry all the time!!!
hahaha my dog likes sour patch kids
my blood type b+        ahhhhh i was shooting for an a+   hehehe =p
to anyone that wants to get me an xmas gift i would love a box of individually wrapped splenda packets
whoooooo!  just took my last final and those 3 hours of studying with <propfemale> really helped
one of the options for the test h) unicorns are eating the squirrels at fresno state
first semmester of college done i just need one more a for a 4 0
chilling in a totally random empty class with <propfemale> until my next final starts
so i just waited over an hour to get one packet back and my teacher was late
made good enchiladas with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
sh*t! the angel just felled off the top of the xmas tree and shattered  crying 
give me food!!!!!!  ahhhhhhhhh
i just found out gandhi was an indian man and all this time i thought he was a black woman      lmao
hahahaha areli got thrown up on by a dog hahahahaha!
gosh my sister was such a ho when she was a baby
its an early xmas for me already opened some gifts hehehe
<propfemale> came early already opening gifts hahaha
happy gift day everyone!!!  laugh 
what would happen if you googled google on google?
omg this starbucks application is effin long
just finished watching easy a    love this movie!
dam there is a hybrid cat that a purebred is worth 20-30 thousand
"hide ya kids hide ya wife, but dont hide areli cuz they dont wanna rape her"
beth:what length <propfirst> do you need me: 30 beth laugh ang your that short! wtf! hahaha
got my shopping on today with beth     such a good time!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
gonna make chocolate chip cookies cuz my fat ass wants some  laugh 
"so i just tried to txt in an update and facebook returned it saying i dont understand in \\""     \""status i tried to send in \"" wtf"""
areli: ooooo you know what i need to look for? me: your dignity?     lmao hehehe    this is a joke btw
watching cartoons at 5 am on the last day of 2010
used our new juicer for the first time it was very exciting!  laugh 
you can always smell it on girls who sell it!     
i randomly bumped into <propfirst> today in front of costco very exciting!  laugh 
whoooooo! went shopping again and got a bunch of stuff with great deals     now i just have to go back and get that other pair of vans i wanted
yeah trying to juice a banana doesn't work out to well   
why does hershes chocolate taste different when its in the form of a kiss
are there any cupcake shops in fresno?
what place has the best french fries?
i just realized i go back to school in one week    i better start getting ready for a crazy semmester!
im so happy!!!!  laugh 
see i am famous there is a movie on hbo named sergio    hahaha  smile 
just finished cutting my dads hair! hehehe came out good
just finished two hair dye jobs now to do my own   
awkward    
so whats everyone doing tonight?
dang its freakin cold here and its making me want to peeeeeeeeeeee!
watching a tranny show at a b-day party    now thats a first    
at mimis cafe
just saw the lady that sold us panda 6 or 7 years ago       curse that day!!!!!
ewwwww envelope glue tastes nasty
i just saw <propfemale> coming out of auto zone    and geez some ppl just dont know the difference between in and out
dam i just got greeb lights all the way down shaw from costco to blackstone
dang it i just spilt milk all over my crotch =§
so i see the title monsters ball and click it thinking its a cute little kids movie     yeah they start having sex within the first 5 mins way to ruin the movie
ok so with this new zodiac sign change i would become an ophiuchus what kind of name is that i am not gonna be no ophiuchus im staying a sagittarius!
get your wallets out hooker on palm and shaw
so just got to school for my first day of the 2nd semester     very excited!  wink 
hehehe i see someone getting a parking ticket    
wow just walked into my first class and everyone is hecka older than me     hehehe
whooooo icky <propfemale> is in my poly sci 2 yay finally i know some one
so it took forever just to be able to get a locker good thing i had <propfemale> with me      fun time
wtf there is a hobo digging thru trash at state
omgosh i cant beleive im taking a piano class
great i just found out im gonna need an iclicker
ahhhhhh im falling asleep!!!!
finally back from school had such a great first day back!  wink 
im eating icecream and hot chocolate
so my goal for piano is to at least properly learn how to play twinkle twinkle little <propfemale>
awwwww im out of whiped cream  sad 
omg bacon wrapped mango wedges my fav fruit and fatty thing combined in one!?!?!?!
at the gym with <propfemale> i prob shouldnt txt and be on the machine or imma eat it!
seriously calling roll call for a class of over 128 is not cool!!!!
omg omg omg for all  those that went to el cap guess who i just saw at winn co      mrs  shleivert     wtf!
wow i just wrote a 5 <propfemale> txt   hehehe
making lasagna
i dont get why my econ homework has so many math problems that are about finding the area of stuff
wow that aerobics class was quite a workout!
ive been so obsessed with cookies n cream ice cream with whipp cream and sprinkles
would anyone happen to have a piano keyboard that i could like borrow for the semester?
first day that im actually ready for econ and not falling asleep    whoot whoot!
ate an entire quart of ice cream by my self   at least it had 1 2 the fat of regular right?
effin train!!!
is any one else having problems loggin in to their myfresnostate account
i just fillied in an app for johanns in my car good or bad idea???
anchorblue is going out of business what???
i think foreignexchange is my new favorite store
omg i have to answer 89 ?'s to apply for a job wtf
who knew reading the chapter actually helped!   lmao
its hilarious watching my old professor get exhausted from erasing a white board
class of 128 roll call number 2    
cupcake hunt!!!!
me: sorry <propfemale> we gotta leave you behind nicole: why? me: it says no pets allowed      burn!!!!  smile 
omg so my teacher askes who is here is into the vampire stuff like twiligt and out of the whole class (128+) 2 guys reaise their hands    lol
dont be gettin all up on <propfemale> kool-aid!
making tamales   yum!  smile 
i made real jello shots and we just did a round gotta keep my mom away from them till shes done making the tamales then we can have them all    lol
whoot whoot i won at poker suckers!!!!!
i am so getting some piñatas for my 19th bday
oh snaps i just did a duet with <propfemale> playing ode to joy
whoooooo! just got myself a keyboard practically brand new    thanks craigs list    lol  smile 
i love how my teacher is giving us the answers to the iclicker ?'s hahaha
seriously if the options are a and b why would you put e?????? people these days    
"listen to gaga's new single \born this way\"" its really good!"""
doing the credit card swipe!!!     lol  smile 
red robbin     yum!!!!  laugh 
red <propfemale> cake here i come!!!!  laugh 
so who is selling donkey basketball tickets and how much are they
so i walk outside first thing i notice it smells like french fries then it starts to rain      lmao
whoooooo!!!! burlesque comes out on march 1 guess who's gonna buy it and watch several times =}
i can always thank the rain for washing my car for me  laugh 
really bad traffic on shaw between first and fresno state great now imma be late! wtf
im so irritated ive been stuck for over 20 mins and now im super late
fml^3!!!!!
great still have 40 boring as* pages to go    
?#well i just did my bmi and body fat testing and the machine categorized me as athletic and ive been freakin out about my weight     you know what that me
?#ans ice cram and french fries time!!!!  smile 
me so hungry feed my mouth fill <propfemale> belly!!!!  surprise  nom nom nom
oh tosh 0 you make me laugh!!!
seriously am i pregnant i woke up with a headache dizzy and nauseous evil baby <propmale> on its way!       lmao
whooo burlesque comes out tomorrow!!!
how are you supposed to draw air?
hecka bought burlesque! whoot whoot!!!  laugh 
seriously can some ppl breathe any louder lk stfu!!!! so annoying
omg what a relieve i passed my excel exam!!!!  laugh  now i can finally breathe!!!!
hey if i sent you a draw my thing invite its for reals not spam its really fun you guys should play    lol
ok so i just finished my 50 ? kin test in 16 mins      it feels weird
wow i havent had a corndog in the longest time    
i just realized there is another <propmale> in my kin 32 class      lol
i have squirrel friends at state?  smile 
omg this stinkin squirrel is throwing crap at me from the tree     psssh and after i fed it!
making fun of my mom for making her beleive we could get an ocean view room at a hotel in las vegas     lmao  laugh 
and i think im switching my <propmale> yet again     lol
god dam it i sneeze like a horse
i am most definitely a shopaholic!  laugh 
its soooooo hot wtf!!!!
where do they have good drinks other than starbucks and jamba and thats near state?
goimg for tea with <propfemale> asian friends!  smile 
i hate the fact that the peters building is surrounded with those stupid vagingo smelling trees!!!! >=§
im in an orchestra
      yeah never mind on that last one i suck!!!!
whooooo finally all my <propmale> change paper work is complete and accepted im so excited!!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> beiber is so unoriginal <propfemale>'s second album was named never say never      go figure
watching the oven preheat is prob the boringest thing ever!!!    lol
so i got a call from the blood center saying they needed me to donate blood    anyone wanna go with me on fri at 3 smile 0?????? plz     smile 
ahhh someone in my class reeks of weed how disgusting     they need to get the hell out of here!!!
if anyone wants to come over to watch movies they should i just like 4 from redbox  smile 
just spent the last 8+ hours of my life watching movies non stop     hahaha better than doing hw???
the pom pomegranate juice is delicious!  smile 
i hate books with no pictures like seriously i dont have time to read all those words!!!      lmao
man i look good today!!!!  wink 
i like to eat eat apples and bananas!!!  laugh 
hey everyone im pregnant      hehehe april fools  wink 
since target wont hire me i just got a job as a stripper cuz they did!  smile  imma make it rain!!!  wink 
hahaha lmao    i just read 0mg cholesterol as omg cholesterol       i cant stop laughing  smile 
i just realized i havent played snakes and ladders in years      this is an emergency!!!
i think its funny how my mom asks me to go get one thing from winco and i come back with a whole trunk full     lol  smile 
