f3331c691925fabe543f40699a555473
happy new year!!
nice    we get to start the new year with thunderstorms and tornados  i wanted to go shopping today  sad 
ufc at ale house (gctc)  a few drinks sounds good right about now  come on thiago <propfemale>!! 10 p m  dudes  get there!
rashod won  boooo  thiago had him and let him go 
"last night was fun  like the new boy jenn    he's cute  smile  marco: your canadian <propmale> was there too, he said to say to you for him  nato: soda is gay "
"i haven't seen half of you ppl in oh, ages  i'll try to catch up  smile "
i am so addicted to the sorority app  join my house punks! i need bitches to back up my fights!
"going out tonight for drinks at the budda bar  live rock and booze, sounds good "
"wiped out  gotta get some sleep    fishing tomorrow, yay!"
i am aweful sunburnt  the tops of my feet and the backs of my knees in particular  not fun   sad 
"booooo ale house  i was there for 2 hours and had 2 drinks, wth  get more servers ppl!"
              
"finally a day off and what do i do with it? sleep til 3 p m , that's what "
"out to the bar  was supposed to see the boondock saints ii, but it is not playing in any theaters here  bullshits i say "
happy halloween!
i'm missing out on my halloween party because i have to work tonight  sad 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough  17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21:freak  22:quiet  23 annoyed exy  24: adorable  25: annoying  26: rude  27:boring 28 laugh own to earth  29 sad ool  30: a friend
wish friends would call more often 
going to bed early  mmmm 
"drank waaaay too much tonight, my mom is nuts, and 300 lb drunk guys scare me "
bar was fun  *hugs* <propfirst>  i whooped your ass at race poker 
aweful headache tonight to go along with my ear infection and fever  not feeling great 
entering the gravy wrestling contest at icabod's!! come see me win! 1k and 2 xfest tickets? hell yes!
happy thanksgiving!
who the hell plays drunken strip chess? i don't even wear that many pieces of clothes  i need to find new friends 
"had a job interview today! it went good, they really liked me  it's a lot more money, full time, full benefits (yes, health insurance included)  hope i get that! should hear something from them by tuesday "
"ufc tonight at ale house  if you haven't tried their vegas bomb, you must do so asap!"
today is laundry so tomorrow i can be a nerd for patch day 
patch day for all the nerds! already downloaded and waiting on servers to go up 
my canadian is in town  living like a drunk ass beach bum mostly 
<propmale> out on the beach all day  the canadian is not so pale anymore 
back to work tomorrow  sad 
can't sleep  i counted the sheep and everything 
"cold is not fun  went shopping today with all my christmas gift cards and everyone i asked to go with me said \hell no  it's cold outside \"" go away cold so my friends will go outside again """
mom is a tangerine stealing son of a gun 
hot pink 
i danced with a stuffed animal in an elivator because that's how i roll 
"went from rollerblading at the beach to getting stuck at a gas station with a shot battery  had to have bates jump me off, go get a battery, install it, turn in the core, then rush to meet my sister for lunch at 3  some day  so much for my check bonus  car batteries are now 100 dollars fyi "
ladies night at ultra tonight  anyone going?
i'm a holy roller and i own a spaceship 
"yoooo  gasperillo in tampa the last week of january! we should go  we can all crash at jenn's place, hah  pirate costumes, lots of rum, get drunk in the tampa streets    i'm asking off for it "
"2 days in a row at the beach  yay! it was supposed to be 80 today though, and it was more like 70 with 50 mph winds  a bit chilly  tan as a biscuit now though!"
has the day off  yay!
"go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name: copy and paste this as your status, then add the definitions for your name as your comment "
"free grand slam at <propfirst>'s, people!"
hi 
wants a hug 
"spent the day at the beach with mom, then we went for pizza and ice cream  the only thing that would have made the day better would be    well, let's not go there but i can assure you it has nothing to do with a man    unless he is in pain  yes, pain would work "
"staying inside with a pillow, a blanket, a movie, and a tissue  it's one of those days "
too cold for the beach until next tuesday  i am sooo tired of this nonsense  where did all of the fl heat go?
won't make it to the beach today  sad  got called in for work 
