6a557455e16b5176924d1697abf15b7a
"finally gave in and got on my long neglected \bookface\"" lmao"""
it's funny how someone else's success brings pain
"all that i`m after is a life full of laughter, as long as i`m laughing with you "
"so, i just applied to asu   yay! i'm sooo nervous, i hope i get in!"
tomorrow [the 19th] is my birthday! yay! going to p f  changs with family then shopping at h&m with my aunt and cousin! cant wait!!! here i come 22!!!!
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!! had a great one, i loveeeeeee my family!"
"so, today i bought my 1st car with my own money! it's not the greatest but it's really cute [purple!!!] and it mostly just feels good to know that i paid for it myself "
start my new job on monday   yay!!
"at age 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this  at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder    what    mom would think about this  at 75:    i wish i could ask mom  post this if you have or had best mom in the world   love   love "
yayyyy! got the job at <propfemale>'s! start the 29th!!
ahhhhh! had sooooo much fun at the casino last night!! can't wait to go again!!
waiting for the rest of the family to get here   cant wait!! happy thanksgiving!
"so   started my job monday  i freakin love it! took my first 5 calls today, not so bad, did better than i e playful ected  now, i just have to do everything in my power to make this seasonal job permenant!!!"
"soooo, because they fired that stupid <propfemale> at the <propfemale>'s in san <propfemale>, i now get anywhere from 20-200 calls per day of people bitching at me like if i fired <propfemale> myself! really?!?"
"sooooo   got the job permenantly!!!!! yay go me!! i really don't think i could be any happier right now  what makes it even better, i did it all by myself for once  i think this is honestly the first time i've put my mind to something and did it, no help from a guy or \friends\""  super proud of myself right now lol """
really cant believe this  my only grandpa passed today  so many emotions but mostly im happy for him that hes finally free and no longer suffering  rip <propfirst> <propfirst> hall 
"i reallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly wanna go get my hair & nails done & go buy a bunch of new clothes, i think it would make me feel a little better "
omggg feels so good to have half my hair gone! yayyy love my new hair and its all thanks to the best hairstylist in the world <propfemale> dellova ! loveeeeeeeee herrrrrrrrrrr
"i miss my grandpa soooo much, i feel numb  there's really only 2 things keeping me going right now, that's work and so cal trash's music  i swear those 2 things are the only reason i get outta bed "
"eww, at home sick from work  this is the 2nd day in a row, like seriously? i can't even begin to e playful lain how much i hate being sick!  sad "
"wow, it's really sad when someone you considered your best friend changes so much that you can't even recognize her or when you realize now that you're doing good she just wants to use you  honestly though, i really don't think she has changed at all i think because i made such huge changes in my life i just don't see her the same way anymore, i finally see her for what she truly is a user in every sense of the word "
the power keeps going out at work   they should totally just send us home haha  doubt it though 
