5e1e7c7de988d7a23100817cc86b9713
"running to wallmart, then painting my nails, then time to cook dinner! productive day, indeed "
it's like some cheesy romance novel impregnated a hallmark card and gave birth to you 
i can't even attempt to try to stay awake anymore  damn nyquil  night!&hearts;
"\i sound like the demon child from that movie where    the child's    a demon    \"" - <propfemale> cugini"""
you know what's fun? not getting hit on by 14yr olds on thier bikes  i'm alreadly annoyed enough as it is!
shower then getting my hair done  this could take hours 
"damn it, yahoo! stop making your advertisments so damn creepy! a huge ass bug just crawled across my screen and i was about two seconds away from throwing my laptop across the room before i figured out what it was!"
about to watch ninja assassin    again  good movie   wink 
ramen? i think so 
got the job! now it's nap time   wink 
"if i have to work untill 11pm, i'm so screwed and so stranded  *needs car*  sad "
starts work at 11  already needs coffee 
"ughh, i swear some people are only alive because it's illegal to shoot them "
getting ready for work at 5  i know it's gonna be madd busy~
shopping!  love 
parents + computers = kill me now
"yeah, i'm really gonna need a set schedule for bk   "
boo  =[
"22 dollars and some change to my name, yay! it's the most money i've had to myself in weeks! lol"
stupid bus   
i seriously was not prepared for this hot weather   
i'm a firm believer that spiders are trying to take over the world  and they're starting with my house    -__-;;;
"ughh, this is not my day    fml"
"mtv movie awards: \biggest badass <propfemale> - rain (ninja assassin)\best male performance - <propfirst> lautner (new moon)\and no, not because they have amazing bodies    okay, yes it is "
waiting for the bus and it's freezing! probably beacause i'm drinking a chocolate shake but whatever    annoyed \
i'm about to make some brownies! i'm like madd hungry~
apparently everyone and their mother is going to the beach today  thank you facebook   smile 
why am i such a good person? and why do senior citizens have to have such heavy grocery bags?! i'm tired    d:
"oh yeah, it's nap time     joyful ?? bye!"
on my way to the airport  flight's not till 5 
"my hair ended up coming out more of a reddish, light brown color than a blonde but i like it!"
getting my tan on  wink 
i hate airports and my flight's not for another two hours!
"hmmm, apparently there is something wrong with my inbox, as in i haven't been recieving messages claiming to have been sent to me for the past week or so  stupid fb   "
"thank you, lady gaga, for effectively raping what was left of my inner child with your <propmale> music video "
i'm sorry angry woman at bk  i wasn't aware a plastic <propfemale> locket was an innopropriate kids toy since it's from a pg13 movie    annoyed \
so    the karate kid    greatest  movie  ever   love  next up: eclipse!
i'll be 21 years old in less than a week  what to do  what to do 
four more days till i'm 21!
"97 degrees    fun stuff  no, i jest    it sucks "
"ughhh, this was a loooong day  i'm off to bed early  work in the morning  *yawns*"
i would give my right arm for a mocha coolata right now    though that might make it difficult to drink   
"this is <propfemale> cugini randomly at five o'clock in the morning annoyed \\do i need a passport?\""\",5e1e7c7de98 laugh 7a23100817cc86b9713,\we must have a clue but we asked for evidence\,5e1e7c7de98 laugh 7a23100817cc86b9713,"nothing ever seems to go as i plan or how i want them too, but i guess this is the best i'm going to get; and even still it's probably the best thing that's ever happened to me   wink  love "
sometimes i don't even know why i try   
"i hate not havig a car    how am i supposed get me check?! ahhh, someone take me! lol"
i had a whole bunch on errands to run today and i'm exausted  can't wait to go home!
somehow $11 60 mysteriously disappeared from my account  i gotta get this handled  i don't mess around when it comes to my money 
really should start getting ready for work soon    but my bed is soooo comfy right now!
my day barely began and it already sucks   
?(???)? blahhh   
"work until three, then sleepin for the rest of the day  lol this is my life   "
"gackt, please give me the strength to not punch this bitch in the face    -__-;;;"
why do i feel like it's my bedtime right now?
i really shouldn't find random cat videos on youtube as funny as i do     laugh 
is currently in awe    o o
"fml, fml, fml!!!!"
bored   needs something to do today!
i can not afford to have carpal tunnel    =_=;;;
my poor dog is going so blind  at least he can still see somewhere in the general vicinity of my existence   sad 
"omg, my mother did not just call herself a twi-mom  lmao!!!"
on my way to the airport!
looks like i'm spending the night at the airport  missed my connecting flight from atlanta   sad 
in a hummer limo on my way to a concert  this is the life  lol
i have never felt this annoyed before ever in my life  i'm like two seconds away from snapping 
is at a hotel somewhere in minneapolis  annoyed \
finally home! 4 different planes to 3 different states and all in 3 days  what an adventure  lol
"chicken noodle soup  chicken noodle soup  chicken noodle soup with a soda on the side! no, seriously  that's my dinner   annoyed \"
really? <propfirst> beiber?    really?
my phone wont turn on    fml!
"phone's still not working, so don't bother there  if you need me, here's the place "
i just killed the biggest spider ever  i'm pretty proud 
i need new plans for this weekend now  hmu on here!
"ugh, now i feel like goin to a costume party! who knows of any??"
"i seriously get freaked out when i see eight year olds using the internet  like seriously, go jump rope or something "
wonderful  my laptop charger is broken and i can't order another for two weeks!
it's amazing what you find out about your friends personal lives by their status updates 
going christmas shopping real quick!
i want a chocolate shake sooooo bad right now it's not even funny 
ms <propmale> is the greatest sister ever!!!!!
"hey facebook? imma need you to not be a pain in the ass, <propfemale>?"
i'm late but    <propfemale> christmas!!!  love 
"finally back in wareham  it feels like i've been gone a month, for real "
this snow is crazy 
that awkward moment when you try to throw a grenade at some chick but <propmale> mars catches it 
if i hear that song black and yellow one more time i'm going to scream  what is he even talking about? a <propfemale>? does he want some <propfemale> nut cheerios or something? what? it's on the radio like every 10 minutes 
all these fb changes are really getting on my last nerve 
