4fce208decec49a116cd31c7bb4058c5
"thanks for the warning   you didn't answer my question   i don't want to go another 15 years before i see you again, ya brat!!  'sides, my kids won't be home much longer you know, and they deserve to see their uncles again   did i lay the guilt trip on th"
guess i'm on my way to being single afterall    24 years just doesn't count for as much as it used to i guess    
"joined a support group for separated and divorced people today   can't wait to hear about the affair and infidelity issues!  saturday morning is my first group meeting   life goes on, right?"
i got my jeep!!!!  it's gorgeous!!!  i'll post a picture of it when i pick it up!
"joined a hiking group today   they are planning a hike to zion next weekend, so i may not be on the game on saturday   haven't quite decided if i'm going to go or not "
"isn't it funny how people say they believe one thing about a situation, but when they find themselves in that same situation, the behave completely differently??"
"ok, federal government forms are the single most confusing thing in the world     "
this will be a good day   optimism is high!
"??husband week!: if you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun, who is your best friend and who has been with you through thick and thin, who has been a blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to, post this on your status  ??"
"so, go figure   went shooting yesterday and found out that even though i'm right handed, i'm a much better shot left handed   so, now i shot left handed   who'd a thunk it?"
omg    dogs woke me up at 6:15 this morning    i think i hate my dogs    lol
"life is good, wonderful, amazingly beautiful and incredibly brutal   live for the highs and forgive the lows!!"
damn   had to put the top on the jeep yesterday   only 56 degrees today   what the heck is up with that?  good thing it'll be back up in the 80-90 range on saturday for our hike 
only one more day until zion!!  can hardly wait!  i'll post lots of pictures!
i really hate applying for jobs   writing resume's sucks!!!!
"now the waiting game to see if i get the job   oh joy   but   backpacking basics is thursday night, saturday is the rei sale, and i still have this job for now!  life is good    just challenging sometimes    lol"
wow!!!  50 mile an hour winds are not fund in an open jeep   still love my jeep though
"woo hoo!!!!  mt charleston, here i come!!  8,400 feet in elevation   wow, not sure how that's gonna work out, but i'll find a way   i always do "
"and it was 11,000 feet in elevation, not 8,400    "
"big trip is upcoming    2 weeks touring northern arizona and heading over to chaco canyon   grand canyon, vermillin thingies, painted desert, petrified <propmale>, chaco canyon, and maybe zion for some repelling    have to see, since i just lost two days to take care of some school business "
ever just have one of those days where nothing can get you down?  that's my day today   just an overall great day!
