f7b1c8be26b128d487ef5abb274bb18b
finally on facebook  what's up people?
is eating peanutbutter mms and watching videos on youtube  what an exciting life i lead   smile 
"is hanging out with <propfemale> oatman, <propmale> bown, and <propfirst> simmers "
"had such a crazy, good time last night!! luv you guys!!  smile "
will not be pushed around or  disrepected by people who have attitude problems  maybe thinking ahead  and planning accordingly will alleviate unneccessary bs and stress in the futute  i am  not a maid or a personal assistant to anyone 
just got out of work  let the weekend begin! yeeehahh!
is home watching v  good show  the aliens are coming! take me first!
is drinking the  ususal morning coffee and getting ready for work  exciting  not  well it  should be a nice day after i get out  hopefully 
"is going to taco <propfemale> any minute  yay!! tacos, tacos, tacos!! with <propfemale>!! a little overly excited  i mean tacos are no big deal right? wrong!!  smile "
"ate soooo many tacos last night, my belly still hurts! i overdosed on tacos! today, i will just go to my job and really work off some of those extra tacos  oh, but it was soooo worth it! tacos, my true love      your lettuce, your cheese, your tomatoes and sour cream! oh and your seasoned beef takes me to places i have always dreamed of     smile ~"
wants to do something fun tonight! don't want to be alone   sad   my gf is being kidnapped by her mother  uggghhh!!!
"is enjoying a sunday morning cup of coffee   french vanilla  yumz!! then, i am contemplating on waking <propfemale> up with me  magic hands   wink ~"
"wants no part of getting up for the day  would love to take the day off  it's so rainy and dark outside  just wanna stay in and sleep late, but gotta go to work    sad    thank goodness for folgers french vanilla    "
"is feeling energized and ready to take over the  world! hoo, hoo, ha, ha, he, he      okay, okay, this obviously comes  with an evil undertow, but who's with me? anyone? we can bring evil and  destruction to everyone! plus, it really fun being bad!  smile "
"is going to see a play with <propfemale> tonight  should be fun   smile  on another note the v are back! yay!! just got done watching the latest episode and like i said already, take me first!! i wanna go up in the big reptilian space ship! i need to find out where i truly come from! take me to your, i mean, *my* leader!! hahahahahahahahaha    "
"is totally wiped out  up all night  i am not  feeling so hot, but i am going to suck it up and enjoy this beautiful  weather we are having   smile  hopefuly having a good attitude works and i  feel better sooner rather than later  really  'cause i feel like kaka!"
"is looking forward to getting outside today! feeling 100% better than yesterday, thank gawd "
"just had some of  the  craziest, hottest, most intoxicating orgasms ever in my life!!!!  <propfemale>  has the most gorgeous glow on her face!!!! baby what you ad i have  is  purely  magical     smile ~"
wants to wish everyone a happy easter!
yay! the mets smack down the marlins 7 to 1 on opening day!
is tired of being   harassed by ignorant valley girl bitches! you all are just jealous that i   can hold it down the way i do  you are all vanilla to me  like coke   when it goes flat! ya just got a problem 'cause i get your man looking   at me more then he looks at you! guess what? they don't like boring   either! next time i gonna just throw down on a bitch  then there won't   be any  misunderstandings or mistakes!
"luvs this weather! makes me want summer to come that much faster  just got off work and i wish it was friday or something  i just wanna let loose, ya know?"
"had an awesome night playing kickball with <propfemale> oatman, <propmale> simmers, <propfirst> lopardo, and  many others   and we kicked ass!!  yeah baby! i actually made  it to homeplate once! score! and <propmale>'s foot was on fire the whole  night! you sent that ball into space, man! <propfemale> was on the other team   sorry babelicious! next time i wanna be on your team,  sweets!  smile ~"
"loves, loves, loves,     sunday mornings   smile "
thinks my allergies  <-   sad    tried and failed to get the best of me today  i just got to see someone that i haven't seen in a while! it has been a great day! so take that sh!t ya damn crappy allergies!
"may never find a reason to shine, but  here and now this is the time  and i may never find the meaning of  life, but for this moment i am fine   smile "
could use a hug  it has been a long week despite my effort to smile through it  the latest thing to happen   i fell sooo hard and ripped up my knee and cut up my hands  gonna take a nap and wake up when there isn't a bounty on my head 
"\just shut up you whore and get in the van!\"" quoted by none other than <propfemale> oatman! gawd i just hope she was talking to me!  smile  rofl"""
is very sad right now  i just broke my favorite coffe cup  damn  sad 
"is amazed how much my world has changed for the better in just one year! it is definitely a special day for me  even though there is still much to accomplish and some setbacks to navigate through, i am grateful to have this <propmale> to live my life and to keep movin' forward!  smile "
your body feels soooo warm! you're like a thermos!      i mean a furnace! lmao
"is in a great mood! it's saturday, i am well rested, and it's gorgeous outside! spooning with my gf all morning doesn't hurt either!  smile  now we getting ready to go to starbucks! yay!! i love mocha lates!"
"is sooo lucky i didn't fall off the <propfemale> picker at work  i wasn't wearing a belt, lost my footing, and i would have fallen about 15 20 feet!  it was real close to being an episode of trauma in the er  scared the crap out of me! wtf am i risking my life for?? a meager paycheck? need more $ for what i do! i am great at what i do, except that i almost died today!!!"
"i love you, but i don't love your voice in the morning!!"
"is so happy i'm gonna see my chihuahua, homeslice tonight! yay!"
"is off to eat some mexican food with <propfemale> oatman, <propmale> wolf, and <propmale> sqela! go burritos!! nom, nom, nom, munch, munch, munch       smile ~"
just got tickets to see deadmau5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 7-27-10!!!!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!
"is just waiting for <propfemale> to catch up with people who do not know how to treat people with the respcet that they deserve  just because one is in a position of power, does not mean being condescending is a right that goes along with it  one can have power and be kind all at the same time  ya get more positive results if you treat people like they're human "
wanna chill tonight but need a ride  so if anyone wants to <propfemale> out let me know 
is more awesome than <propmale> wolf!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol hahahahahaha          
half <propfemale> tonight between 8 and 9  wanna go? just meet me up there  cell it   smile 
a unicorn isn't a unicorn  it's a donkey with a plunger stuck to its head 
what you do? no one can decide  it's up to you  who you are is what you choose  these times when the world falls apart make us who we are 
"is in a really great mood!!! hence, i ask this question    how about you? what's up? how's things? what's cookin'? what's shakin'? what's happenin'? what's goin' down!?      smile ~"
oooohhhh lllllaaaaaaa llllllaaaaaaa oooooooohhhhhh wwwweeeeeeeee!! *singing*  smile ~
i am a lizbian!!
"'men who stare at goats' was the most awful movie i have ever seen! hanging out with <propmale> sqela, and <propmale> wolf, was awesome though  you both were such gentlemen to me last night walking me to my door and all  thanks guys   smile   it was nice to meet their <propmale> <propfirst> too!"
is sooo ready for the weekend! tgif!! can't wait to see my baby graduate tomorrow! good times ahead! good times! very happy right now   smile 
"humbled and helpless, learnig to pray  praying for visions to show me the way  show me the way to forgive you and allow me to let it go  allow me to be frogiven and show me the way to let go "
is feeling the love right now!!  smile 
jones beach with my  love  <propfemale> today!! this makes me happy   smile 
we were at the beach for an hour when the clouds started rolling in and the wind started picking up  alot! the wind took the beach ball away and we laughing our asses of trying to catch it! we are now getting ready to see a movie tonight  don't kow what yet  hmmmm    any suggestions?  smile 
"my neck, my back      yeah, just like dat!  smile ~"
any plans for tonite? i'll be at happy hour at 4 so text it! before 4 fb it! wanna paint the town red with my ppls!  smile 
"had an awesome night with <propfemale> oatman, <propfirst> ellington, <propmale> wolf, kat 'dragon' kehoe, <propmale> sqela, <propfirst> rye ellington, <propfemale> cusick and <propfirst> wright! you guys are a blast! when all of us get together, who knows what kind of funny shit will come out of people's mouths!! definitely entertaining, that's fo sho! *hugs* all around!"
just loves sunday mornings with my babygirl! it is the best feeling in the world when i open my eyes and the first thing i see is her smiling face  especially when we get to stay in bed for as long as we want   smile  life is pretty damn good at the moment      love   love   love   love 
is wondering how i am going to lose my muffin top by the end of june  can a person live on just one apple a day and massive amounts of water for a week or two?? i don't care  i am getting my six pack back by the end of this month no matter what the sacrafice!!
is sick with a headcold   sad  it is taking all of my energy away  i am laying low this week to be all better by saturday  hopefully 
buffalo wings and beer!! thirsty scholar!! tgif!!!  smile ~
who's ever got pics from the party put 'em up!! wanna see!!
ya never know how far this rabbit hole goes  my halo is being held up by my horns    
1  let the bodies hit the floor! 2  let the bodies hit the floor! 3  let the bodies hit the floor! 4  let the bodies hit the floor! 1  somethin's gotta give! 2  somethin's gotta give! 3  somethin's gotta give! rrrrrooooooaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!
"hudson st  between abingdon sq  & west 114th st  - sunday, june 27th, 2010 from 11 surprise 0am - 7 surprise 0 pm  pridefest 2010 ppls!! this is where i will be  where will you be?"
bitches git nothin'!!   or so i've been told   i just love you and all your ways <propfemale>!!  smile ~
going to pridefest today in nyc!! happy pride everyone!! holla!!
"since one year ago today, my beautiful girlfriend has brought love, warmth, and adventure into my life  what a special day this is     smile "
"just got home from a long hot day at work  it's over 100 degrees in that warehouse! driving a hi-lo while having to cope with heat exhaustion really isn't easy  i am glad to be home but only 'til tomorrow  then i get to do it all over again annoyed  wanna go swimming  yeah, that would make me feel better    or maybe some ice cream  chocolate   smile ~"
<propfemale> and i are sssssssssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooo bored  plans anyone??
is feelin' rested and going to work 9 - 3  i have pretty much slept the last two days (besides having to go to work yesterday) and i am glad i did  i feel like myself again  yay!! today is going to be a good day     smile ~
"caramel is the new chocolate! deluxe whirlpool during the summer sizzle!! yeah, baby, yeah!!"
pillow wars with my evil demon woman last night and lost    soooo tired!!!
"what a great year this has been being with my most favorite girl! i cannot wait to celebrate but  i have to go to work first  when i get home though it's on!! hollywood motel, here we come!! do not disturb!! lol  smile   love  7 27 09  love "
"good morning all! hope the weekend was good for everyone! going to work from 9-430 as usual  hope it's not too hot in the warehouse today  hahaha     who am i kidding?? anyway, leave some love  catch y'all on the flip side!!  smile ~"
feeling blue  meh        sad  it's all just getting me down   sad  hope for some strength and kind people to surround me         sigh 
bored  wanna do something    anything  get at me if ya wanna chill  if not i'll be seeing my imaginary friends through a big cloud     smile 
"haven't heard boo from anyone lately  what, i got the cooties? don't like me anymore? that's okay  i realize people come and go  some faster than others    can't make 'em all happy  gotta take care of me now  no more ms  nice guy  if you are reading this and you are loyal, no worries  and if i am unhappy with you well    you'll know  it was fun while it lasted  peace "
"may have found new living quarters    we'll see  i'm actually excited about this one   smile  third time is a charm, i guess  lucky 3! soon life will start to resemble normalcy  it's not fl, but for now and only now this is acceptable "
"new day, new possibilities     smile  except for eating the most horrible pizza ever last night and feeling icky in my tummy, i am in pretty good spirits  yeah i know, i'm a dork  whatever    smile  plans for tonight?? get at me!!"
"my girl and her mom are on their way to arkansas  looks like it's just me and the cat for the next few days  what to do, what to do?"
is in a big cloud       smile 
"well it's about time something happened in my favor   went to bk today for lunch  i ordered 2 double cheeseburgers, a small fry, and a medium coke  it all came to $5 75  i gave her $10 75  she hands me $6 back and when i checked my bag this is what was inside    2 double cheeseburgers four (4) small fries and a large coke  all for four bucks!! yay!!  smile ~ can't eat it all at once but now i have dinner for today too!!"
"i am off of work tomorrow and lookin' to bug the f@$k out!! it's been a long few days   (sigh) if anyone wants to do somethin', get at me wit some plans   smile ~ i'm feelin' wild and crazy!! i know it's wednesday, but usually there seems to be somethin' goin' on during the week when i need to go to bed at a reasonable hour  for once i am free to do whatever 'til whenever     smile "
"is ecstatic!!!!! got a really good job offer today!!!!! scheduling an interview for monday, baby!!!!! hope i get it, hope i get it!!!!! this is so cool!!!!! can you tell i'm a lil excited??? yes??? well, your damn correct!!!! yeah baby, yeah!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile "
moving day! lots to do! drinking some folgers coffee with french vanilla    aaaaahhhhhhhh   smile  is it supposed to rain today?? this could put a kink on things     oh well i will hope for the best in that it doesn't rain 
comin' to ya live from our new place! yay! it's great! unpacking and settling in  things are coming together really well i must say     smile 
"got the job, got the job ggggggggggggooooooooooooottttttttttttt ttttttttttttthhhhhhhhhheeeeeeee jjjjjjjjjjooooooooooobbbbbbbbbbbbb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  lol"
"is thinking happy thoughts   i feel so blessed   smile  i am grateful and at peace  better still, i am glad i have good people in my life to share it all with  thanks to my friends and family for your much needed presence in my life  couldn't have done all this without you   love "
this will be the second time i have had something to say about burger <propmale>  (read my older posts  don't fret  you'll find it    ) specifically the one on patchouge-holbrook rd  how the f@*k are you gonna run out of salt!!!!!!!!! 'nuff said!   smile 
up at 5am mon - fri  ugh    time to bring home the bacon   smile 
it feels so good to sleep past noon! haven't done that in too long! drinking folgers coffee  with chocolate caramel creamer  mmmm     good! love sunday mornings!
yay!!! i have internet again!!! missed u fb!!  smile ~
is feeling the pressure     life moves so damn fast and it's quite the circus act just to keep up  hope i can do this    
it's party time     smile 
"my kitchen window, living room outlet, and toilet are all fixed thanks to my good <propmale>   <propmale> sqela!! love  i love you man!! love  thanks for all your help!! i can now live in my apt  like a human being   smile "
me - is that a monster in ur pocket or are u just happy to sse me? <propmale> - both!!! i just thought this was one of the funniest things <propmale> has ever said iin my presence!! lol  love  u  <propmale> sqela  smile 
"goin' out with my sweet <propfemale> girl tonight!! <propfemale> oatman, you are so hot!! this is gonna be devilishly fun!!  smile ~ muahahahahaha      !!!! happy halloween!!"
"aaaahhhh      folgers coffee with milk, sugar, whipped cream and hershey's chocolate drizzle on top  now this is the life!! couldn't be happier   smile "
myself and my lady are free tonight!! anyone wanna do something?? we can be ready to go by 10 pm  what mischief can we get into?? get at me and let me know!!
"<propfemale> says that she's sorry for making y'all crazy this morning, <propfirst> paniagua, <propmale> sqela, and <propmale> wolf  she wanted y'all to know that she found her coat  i guess these things happen from time to time "
"i'm sooo gangsta, it hurts!! lol it's okay  really  you can laugh at me  i am     playful "
"got the new <propfemale> bed this morning     i  love   love   love  it!!  smile  now, i'm having a blast with my ladybug, gettin' ready to go to buffalo wild wings! this is gonna be a blast! can't wait!"
"thanks for all the happy birthday wishes u guys      smile  it really was a good one!! now, it's back to reality  meaning, i have have to do all the chores that i put off doing on the weekend  fun  it's all good though  i have the time to get it done (just not the will  lol) it has all been very much worth it!! good times!! i gotta go clean stuff "
¡¡mujeres son las que mandan!! just so ya know!!  smile ~
painkillers                                                                      
i love my job! i love my apartment (for the most part)! i love my girlfriend! i love tbe tuna melt she just made me! i don't love the cramps though       sad 
"drank too much coffee and i am really excited about going to the city tonight with my babelicious sweetheart, <propfemale> for some dinner and dancing!!  double dds baby!! yeah!! lol (i know i'm retarded   ) see you later <propfirst> ontibero!!  smile ~"
another glorious sunday morning        smile 
hot tub tonite!! 'nuff said!!
"in retrospect  would i be here now, free if i didn't go through what i did? if it didn't all come to a head at the time that it did? i would still be lost  and the love i have in my life now would not have been e playful erienced  it's funny  i couldn't imagine how my life could have been so different than what it was at that point  well, it's different now  i am strong  and i choose to be free through the show of strength "
lookin' for new year's <propfemale> plans   who's doing what?? and maybe <propfemale> and i could tag along   ?  smile   love 
"happy new year and to all, a very good night!!  smile ~ peace  love  score!! (i know i will   ) lol"
we're off to mom's house for the night  get to see my boy homeslice!! he's my heart   smile  and of course the rest of the gang   smile  it'll be nice to see my mom too  tgif from work tho  it's been a long week  yay its the weekend!!
i'm really running out of <propfemale> to be dealing with this    
spent half the day in the hospital then back to work  chemical burn in my one working eye  lovely  feeling like shit  thanks again universe  really need this one   
sick  we haven't moved from our bed since friday   sad 
back to the land of the living today  gettin' ready for work  hopefully the transition into the world is an easy one  have a good day fb!! show some  love  and i might just  love  u back   smile 
"my ass is taking up all my pocket room    damn it!! lol guess i am not bringing my phone with me tonight  i will be at '2 soon' & 'tdr' present: something! in ronkonkama with <propfirst> paniagua, <propmale> sqela, and my honybun, <propfemale> askme having an epic night   smile "
too many princesses and not enough silver slippers      
"i love my new computer!! just wanted to shout out <propmale> sqela and say thanks to him for helping me set it up  damn this thing is fast! such a great x-mas present from my brother, <propfirst> owens  thanks <propfirst>!!  smile "
"if anyone is down, <propfemale> and i are having a chillfest at our apartment tonight  come on over  fun starts at 9  will be watching inception at some point of the night, listening to music, and doing whatever else comes to mind   smile  open to suggestions for entertainment   behave ppl!!"
one year of fb today    smile 
my spirits are lifted and i feel renewed  i am grateful for the happiness and enjoyable moments in my life   smile  i am lucky to have people that bring warmth to my heart every day  much love  much love  it's all good      smile 
i am going to <propfemale> with my mom today to see family that i haven't seen in years  be back tomorrow   smile 
anything going on tonight?? need plans and oh   i'm flying solo  now this should be interesting   and hopefully fun   smile 
"feeling out of place and have a severe case of the f*ck its  \ i tried so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even matter  \"""""
how is it that i go shopping for clothes and come home with only a pair of shorts and a shirt?? i'm so picky or the stores just have shit on there racks  idk   i really need more clothes tho  miss <propfemale> did quite well tho buying a weeks worth of clothes so i guess it wasn't a total loss  the shorts i got rock tho and i found out that i dropped two sizes in my waist  happiness   smile 
