ac390106ca6e7f2cf1d95408fe3f8225
happy 4th of july!!!
what i wouldnt give to find out what career i really want    
"is really needing sleep, but is seriously addicted to kodak gallery, i wish i had a lot of money! how am i supposed to say no to 1000 pictures of the cutest little man in the world?"
ready for tomorrow
i have been on the phone all day! i am going to gainesville starting in january!
atl here we come! katies last night as a single lady bc roberts puttin a ring on it!
is suffering from a first degree burn  ouch!!!!
"who was the first person to say, \see that chicken over there     i'm gonna eat the first thing that comes out if its butt\""?"""
i finally figured out how to christmas shop with out having to deal with stroller raged moms!!!
hardcore bootcamp potty training in the am!!! ahhh help me
go falcons!
the snow is here!!!
i love snow!!
searching for a lawyer  if ya got a good one let me know  smile 
"i just messed something up, sorry for whoever gets that  thanks <propfemale>!"
urban dictionary def  of my name    awesome person that is often imitated but never duplicated  that sound about right 
bored out of my mind!!!!
"i am trying to find a home for my dog opie, he looks like a black lab but only weighs 40lbs, he is really cute and sweet and good with kids if you know of a home for him please let me know, i am allergic to him and i cant stand being sick anymore smile "
my birthday week has started with an awesome gift from my best friend!!i lovvvveee it!
too much alcohol!!!! my birthday is almost over!
"i cant help it, as much as i wish spring were here, i still love snow!!!!!!!!!"
ufreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeewwwweww2wwwsww laugh sx 21
12waz
playing softball tonight!
taking <propfirst> to the aquariam!
taking <propfirst> to see his first movie at the theater smile 
i am so bored!
i got some beer and i am off work! tonight will be good
celebrating leighs birthday!
i love the spring!
i cant sleep! why? i only had like 3 hours last night and no nap today
good ol days!
good job braves!
on my cool new phone
taking <propfirst> for icecream before work smile 
i am up bright and early  today will be productive   
running the boulder dash on saturday! go me! i hope i dont trip on my own foot
i lost everyones number so text me yours please 6787792862
"happy cinco de mayo, where are the margaritas"
pedicure on my toes     happy mothers day self!
i am such a lucky mom <propfirst> brought me breakfast in bed!
"i told <propfirst> to catch a squirell with his toy gun and he ran out the front door and started trying lol, he is awesome!!!"
i will be divorced on june 23!!!
taste of alpharetta!
"had a fun lunch with the loho ladies, time to swim,sun please stay out"
i am going to the beach in two weeks!!!
i love that <propmale> and <propfemale> are back from new york and havent changed a bit!
leaving for the beach in14 hours!!!!!!!!
on my way to the beach!
couldnt ask for a better vacation!
goint to see the disco biscuits!!!!
leaving <propfemale> beach sad  i had such an awesome trip
made it home safely  first time ever driving to and back out of state with out totalling my car  go me!
hey i got a second job!
is everyone in agreement that the new <propfemale> looks awfully similar to the <propmale> davidson logo?
kayaking in the morning! so excited
on my way to get divorced
"the divorce is final!!!! i am a single lady! drinks to celebrate at firkin and crown tonight, everyone come!!!"
"the <propfemale> bucket got me   ughhhhh, not a fan of hangovers"
taking <propfirst> to get his ankle xrayed poor baby
athens tonight!
"laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can"
"<propfirst> has used the potty twice today! could he be potty trained, i hope so! i am such a proud mommy!"
getting my toes done and getting excited about my new job!
so glad brazil ate dirt! go netherlands!
all weekend off! love it smile 
1st day at my new job!!!!
i love my job!
just want to say i love the double rainbow
i love warm muggy nights
going to the jersey shore party saturday if <propfemale> gets off!
"jersey shore block party tomorrow night!!!!!!!!! its on, i think we might have a situation, lol "
going to see dinner with shmucks tonight yay
the only thing that could compare with the fit <propfirst> pitched tonight would be an exorcism  i am speechless
"falcons are killing me, glad it is only preseason"
 smile 
why dont kids come with a owners <propmale>? not fair  potty training is a mean joke 
go dawgs!
leaving for florida in a little bit thank you <propfemale>!
so not ready to leave the beach!
i like it on the floor right when i walk in the door
"fair tonight, cant wait!"
athens in the morning! go dawgs!
   
fair tonight
need a babysitter for three hours friday night  anyone know of one that cost like ten an hour?
so excited
i am going to be snookie for halloween  smile 
not sure how snookie does it   
girls night with @<propfirst> becker and @<propfemale> cassadra was nothing but amazing
ryans 3rd birthday party is next weekend  if you want to come let me know how many kids are coming
"dear nicorette, i bought your package of gum when the box told me it could help reduce the stress of quitting  i grab a piece of gum but cant get it out of the package, now that i am missing a nail, have a chip in my tooth,ran two cars off the road, i am chewing that stupid square along with the foil and plastic it came in  thank you for making quitting so stress free!"
"unlike the shocker, which is popular among younger generations, i would like to introduce the minivan, 2 in the front 5 in the back! impressive "
ryans third birthday party!
<propfirst> is three today!
<propfirst> aldean concert saturday! i am so excited smile 
<propfirst> aldean! going to be so much fun!
two hours and i will be athens bound    woo go dawgs!
well i am alive    so thats good
#6 you are the 6 to my 9
taking <propfirst> to see <propfemale> tonight smile 
we will miss you <propmale>! thank you for being a part of so many good childhood memories 
falala la la la la
it appears there is a jewish wedding in my future!
gonna get my dirty bird on! go falcons!
i want to dance!
i love lamp
"dear lanier tech, i hate you!"
i have a new
jersey shore countdown
six hours in the snow! i love sledding
"interpersonal relations and professional development (2009)\isbn 0-558-51066-3\pearson prentice hall\if anyone has this book to sell me please let me know  thanks"
sledding day two!
dirty birds rise up!
on my new laptop smile  yay yay yay
"had a bad day, tomorrow can come now please   "
"omg school is hard, i think i lost a lot of braincells since last time i went, or fb wasnt as entertaining    it might be both!"
is going to rock my socks off
