5964d436fe87b087737b1a7cfc1789da
"you're absolutely right, <propfirst> was not gay, but he was the first furry!"
"\cats would be able to e playful ress themselves so much better if they had middle fingers\"""""
jeez everyone left me at the same time   now who is unloved?
emos are all partiotic-they all bleed red and are white and blue  happy independance day
emos are all patriotic-they all bleed red and are white and blue  happy independance day
"emos are all patriotic they bleed red, and are white and blue"
family feud number  damn i can't count this high
i get one thing fixed to find another thing broken
"wow, some people really can't handle the truth"
"i think i shall become quite an isolationist, if not a hermit  i am tired of others' actions negatively affecting me"
"i am bored crazy, aunt k, <propfirst>, i come over, yes please?"
"oh man, what if your dreams came true after you had given up and changed them?"
that is it  i want to start my own news station 
when your house catches fire and you tweet about politics and media pains you know somethiing is wrong
"wow, so the job fair was entertaining, and going around macon was less than fun though  everything from flat tire to dead battery!"
"yay, more scholarship money!"
"oh my god, it looks like the washington semester will actually be work outable with my wesleyan scholarships!"
hp comes out in november!
school starts in twenty two days!
great i almost forgot i still have to get a tb skin test in order to move in  annoyed 
"wow   all of these \objective sources of news\"" are so very focused on complaining about each other"""
"well, mr gingrinch, if we should be waging war on \radical islam\"" perhaps we should wage war on all other radical monotheistic religions  perhaps radical christianity?"""
"fear  beautiful, how it breeds "
"ugh my gaia account got hacked, and then banned!!! jeez   starting over i guess!"
"a <propmale> fox news person just advertised himself as \the voice\""    v for vendetta much? lol!"""
laugh until you cry  because everything is funny in the right light
"so on the eighth i get to see my mama again, and apparently she got me a jackolope    odd but cool! and soon i can see my psychopathic sister and go clothes shopping  which is good cause i love it and she hates it, double plus  then off to school with friends and learning and books!"
fox has a new poll-84 percent say the country is headed in the wrong direction  but 67 percent say that the country is headed in the right direction  now this sixty seven percent is the ruling class  thank you <propfirst> beck for the new lesson in math and the new lesson in the socioeconomic make up of this country   apparently we even have a ruling class 
i will miss you <propfemale>
i get to keep bells a little longer-the statesboro shelter isn't accepting kitties!
"facebook- please, stop suggesting i add my brothers friends   we have nothing in common   i promise you!"
"this ain’t a scene it's a\goddamned-kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep-help me believe its not\the real me-looking at my reflection when it changes, suddenly it\changes, violently it changes-save me smilin' jesus get off that\cross-another cog in the murder machin-twenty points to anyone who knows what songs this came from!"
"we were both young when i first saw you-check yes <propfemale> kill the limbo-love struck romeo-every little thing you do, when i see you dance in my homeroom class-like  a west side story"
so much for master manipulator: i can't even get two people back talking! -__-
school soon yes!!!!!!
i feel like i have stepped into a book  this place is just that fantastic!
i always wanted six hundred sisters   
animus y spiritus
they dare desecrate this house built on blood and honor!
"loving people takes conscious effort, because love is not a passive state but an action one must take every moment, every day and night-until you die and beyond "
now the worse part of auditions  waiting for the roster cast list 
"i will have my own law firm one day just so i can name it \devil's advocates\"""""
i can't sleep  sad 
hundreds of sisters here but i miss the one i left back home   well sort of back home ^ ^
some weeks should end in a bar   pity i don't like bars
"and some guy in a truck, after finding he could not turn down a sidewalk, backed up on top of my car friday     some days i do not believe my life "
"so   recap of my day(s)-destroyed car, no cell phone, my financial <propfemale> is having to go through more verification due to my school getting audited   oooh yay  i keep rolling poorly on luck  on the bright side-my grades are good!"
"so, the accident report seems to have disappeared, i still don't have my cell phone (so no alarm clock phone) and on top of it all    i think i just missed one too many of my morning classes due to the fact that i am relying on mostly luck and other people right now to wake in the morning for the class  my luck can be a mite depressing "
i do not think i have been this damn emo since middle school  oh wells   depressing poetry time!
"if everyone is that one out of many, is there a many left?"
"arrogance, damning and proliferating itself in one breath "
"a wonderful argument can persuade one to an idea in an hour, an idiot can turn one off of an idea in five minutes"
because now we have to ask if its  ethical to lead people from their comfy cave 
and now they say that financial <propfemale> could take another month    jesus christ!
"political science is simple: because he's the hero gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now"
"today i am brain dead, my apologies if i am talking to you at any point during the day or days until i get better "
i am totally doing my english paper       right now!~
direct quoting chaucer is a pain when your word processor auto corrects spelling   
you know i wonder if the wife of bath was a hermaphrodite?
so does chaucer prefer his babies rare and pink or well done and a bit chewy?
"the more i see the less i know, the more i like to let it go "
"if i could tell the world just one thing it would be that we're all okay and not to worry because worry is wasteful and useless in times like these, i won't be made useless, won't be idle with despair  gather myself around my faith cause light the darkness most fears-hands-jewel"
i do not-here-
the atlanta ballet is doing moulin rouge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and at least one hold is still there  can i kick something?
i hate being sick
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"remember to obey the law, ladies; when you go into negotiate your paycheck-already know what men are being paid to do the same job so that you can demand over and negotiate down to the same wage as men"
politeness: not responding to the more ridiculous parts of someone's argument 
i need to get that tidbit fixed so i can do their jobs for them!
"feminist: don't use the term woman! it is so offensive! i mean, why would you need to have \man\"" in the word woman? and the word \""male\"" in female? it's so patronizing!\",5964d436fe87b087737b1a7cfc1789da,i just lost seven pages of work-i just might cry!
so not the drama 
love thy neighbor 
"coming here has to be worth losing you, it just has to "
my word processor is taunting me! taunting me i tell you!!!
"   my nano protagonist's impending death makes me so sad  i didn't exactly like the character at first, but i have come to love her dearly "
"2010: the woman tries to act on her constitutional rights, and when someone tries to deny those constitutional rights she calmly e playful lains herself  then the man calls a male cop to drag her away by her wrists for the disorderly conduct of refusing to surrender the rights she was denied  next, a kindly medical professional suggests the woman may have had a mental breakdown that caused her to be so disruptive "
you cannot use the refusal to surrender constitutional right as grounds for denying those constitutional rights 
"i went to my conservative christian high school, and they never once tried to deny my rights  i go to a liberal christian college, and they drag me across the floor by my wrists-with my arms behind my back-simply for not surrendering my right "
it may take a bit more than a magic wand and a <propfemale> godmother to go to the ball this year  it might be worth it though 
"that was great  everyone was so beautiful, there was good food, lots of music and great fun  plus really awesome goblets of chocolates!"
"<propfemale>, you had the right idea "
"if we fall, who then will stand?"
"bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, put me in the river at <propfemale> and send me away to the notes of a love song "
"well, that certainly puts a damper on our relationship -the <propfemale> bride"
it is frustrating watching someone you care for placing all their hopes and dreams in a balloon on a hot summer day when a brush with hot metal will send all of it crashing down with a loud pop  but you will always be there with a tub of ice cream and the glue to put the pieces back together 
i fixed the internets!
i miss cuban food! totally need to head south for more reasons than the weather 
"i have officially spent 21 years on this earth, if records are to be believed  which, i mean, of course they are   the government would never lie would they?"
proof you are in college: you have changed your name at least once 
"i've been burning in water and drowning in flame\to prove you wrong and scare you away\i admit my defeat and want back home\in your heart under the rose-him"
"back to class  western civ i teacher i adore, is talking about the most brutal <propfemale>s of human history  perhaps i should let him know, that apparently the <propfemale> is the last 50 or so years, before he offends someone religiously   oh well at least i know he loves the constitution as much as i do "
point: none of my ancestors come from near the caucasus mountains 
    does the rule for wookies apply to dragons?
"talking to someone you respect and finding out they were in the exact same place you were, once upon a  time  nothing is cooler "
"when the older codes make more sense than the newer codes, what does that make modernity? is it still modernity?"
"we hit the breaks on spending in the 30's? goodness, and here i traced much of the spending programs in place today to the 30's "
there is likely a <propfemale> austen quote for every situation you will ever end up in   like ever  good to know 
lex parsimoniae meet lex murpheus   
"sail away my little sister, sail away to the other side  sail away, sail away far into the night  where time seems much better than this void called life -sirenia-the other side "
"a woman, especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can \<propfemale> austen"
"broke my heart on the road, spent the weekends sewing the pieces back on, crayons and dolls pass me by, walking gets to boring, when you learn how to fly! not the homecoming kind, take the top off and who knows what you might find, won't confess all my sins, you can bet on trying but you can't always win "
"mmm   repetition, narcissism, brainwashing, and enough god complexes to make a pantheon of relative truths  i love formal education "
"oh my god(s, ess, or whatever) i just saw the most adorable chibi cthulus! aww, baby tentacle monsters that want to destroy the world are soooo cute! i want one!"
"i cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible \-<propfemale> austen"
"oh! do not attack me with your watch  a watch is always too fast or too slow  i cannot be dictated to by a watch \<propfemale> austen"
"they are much to be pitied who have not been given a taste for nature early in life \<propfemale> austen"
"the more i see, the less i know, the more i like to let it go-snow-red hot chili peppers"
"swear allegiance to the flag, whatever flag they offer, never hint at what you really feel  teach the children quietly, for some day sons and daughters will rise up and fight where we stood still  can you hear me? can you hear me running, can you hear me? can you hear me running, can you hear me calling you?-silent running, <propfirst> and the mechanics"
"you know, don't call me because you can't do something, then refuse to try what i say  i get that shit enough working tech support!"
"this fog and rain just doesn't seem right  even if it is still technically winter  groundhog, little dude, don't run away!"
"did you know, you used to be my hero? all the days you spent with me, now seem so far away and it feels like you don't care anymore  and now i try hard to make it, i just want to make you proud  i'm never gonna be good enough for you  i can't stand another fight  nothing's all right! cause we lost it all, nothing lasts forever  i'm sorry i can't be perfect -simple plan perfect"
"we've never been so many, and we've never been so alone-we are, <propfemale> johnsson"
"you know you are a nerd when you are watching x-men evolution, the whole series, and you get to season 4, episode 6, and yell at the screen because alligators aren't that aggressive!"
dancing in the desert blowing up the sunshine -system of a down
"lie about how you met me in a comment below  that's right  just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you"
"lookin' down the barrel of a hot metal  45, just another way to survive  a little loaded she was stealing another breath, i love my baby to death california rest in peace, simultaneous release, california show your teeth, she's my priestess, i'm your priest "
i'm trying new flock -- check it out at www flock com
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rzdo_un6gzq&feature=related
"so i have a sunburn from walking around for a couple hours     enjoying the rain! worth it, even t hough getting a sunburn from rain is equally hillarious and annoying "
"okay i think this is funny  please play! you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along! 4 words is harder than you think!"
"ever really really want to do something, and not quite sure where to start?"
empathy  why you care 
"\i kind of hid in the ocean for the first few months  so yeah   i can't talk\"""""
cosmic opposites 
"i am all for stating your opinion  even in controversial or heated topics, but f y i  resorting to personal attacks is admitting two things: losing and your own immaturity "
"we are not the chosen ones  we do not fulfill a long lost (probably drug and alcohol induced) prophecy  we aren't even going to save the world  because trust me, it is way to late for that  we are just trying to survive  which i was currently doing my best to fail at apparently "
i loved surrealist <propmale>  until i st<propmale>ed living it 
"it wasn't the pain  no, she was used to it  the part of her that could had accepted the pain as a part of existence  it was simply that awful, horrifying fact that she could not get away from the concerned questions of her friends long enough to deal with it  they meant well  they meant really well  but she really wanted nothing more than to dive into the sea and flee from the entire world, her friends included "
"i have done some really dumb things  i have had some real close calls  but this was looking more and more like a \final destination\"" kind of day  damnit """
schoolwork is killer 
