b8f42f7dbcf0f9f7c790f8d7f75388df
     early night    is anyone still up??
"make your last request's and begin to slowly slip away  i've forgotten all of your desperations, this endeavour makes further decay "
looking forward for the new fallout game to come out!!!! also im pirating the <propmale> of persia movie
just got done watching the 1929 silent film nosferatu  and i must say it is now on my top 5 favorite movies list!! the symphony of music displayed the best emotions of horror  its amazing how creepy they made count orlok look back in 1929 when special effects weren't even a notion of thought 
24 today!! damn im gettin old      sad  who wants to drink with me?!?!?!
"make your last requests and begin to slowly slip away, i've forgotten all of your desperation this endeavour makes further decay!"
tru blood is by far the best vampire show on this planet!!! i mean seriously it shows <propfemale> paquins boobies!!!
"my instincts rupture and the motive has no theme,\now look into these eyes\and see the end of time \it takes hold this image of rapture\infecting you whole\stripped, stripped to the bone\devoured for solace a place we both\know "
headin to erie!!
"no\ erie tonight  sad  just got done watching avatar:the last airbender and i must \say i was a bit disappointed   just the way some names were changed \around and the way they flew through certin parts they should have \e playful lained more   other then that the graphics wer awesome and the \bending was bad ass!! i give it 7 5 10!!!"
880 days 1 hour 18 minutes an 42 seconds till the end of the world    12-21-2012
"headin to work, then who knows!!??"
what the fucking fuck fuck     boredd as fuckkk
off to work!!
bored sittin' at work! someone come buy beer!
who wants to <propfemale> tonight?!?!?
friday the 13th!! anyone wanna go campin in the woods and see if we get chased by a masked super slayer   and no matter how fas we run he some how pops out around the next corner!!!
why is everyone to cool to <propfemale> out?!?!
anyone wanna come chill an watch a movie?? females only  smile 
"here i stand again, awaiting the darkness that \once consumed my sight  the apathy of light constricts my body, \deadening my every move  i lie here holding onto whats left of my \reality  the days end    the dawns new   either way i'll rot in ruin   \this darkness consumes  "
"tru blood is soooo fucking awesome more ppl in this area need to get into it  even though its only on every sunday at 9 p m on hbo  you can watch new an old episode's on  various web sites!so if you like vampires, were wolves, shape-shifters, blood, guts, sex     lots of sex, mystery, thrill  then this is the most perfect show for you!!"
i put all my trust in you   re-fine hate and love   fall afresh on me     end this crisis of     identity  
bored at work      someone talk to me!!!!
we all ffllooaaattt down here!!!!! rarrrrrrrrrr
just got home from work   going to shit-shower-shave and hopefully my plans are still on for tonight ?!?!?!?
bored       really really f'in bored
"hope my dad gets home quick, he still doesnt know i gotta go to the dentist!!!!"
ohhhh what to do      what to do?!?!?
"you'd think ii was a ditch , the way this chick was diggin' me!!"
i need something to do to make my last 2 hours of work go by fast!!!?? i've been here since 10!!! any suggestions?
bored!!! whats goin' on tonight?!?!
way to go browns!!
playing fallout: new vegas!!! fucking awesome!!!!!!!
xbox live : maybury murders!!
"working    bored   few hours left   can't wait to get home so i\can be a nerd and play fallout : new vegas all night!! xbox live nation: maybury murders"
bored sittin' here by myself   wishing there were something to do worth while in kane
had a great night tonight! good to see a lot of my old friends   i sure do miss the ol' days!!
living through catastrophe a horrid lapse of senses we feed a mouth that should not eat  we've gone too far replenished on the weak i can't decide if we have leaped or if we are falling
"i wanna see a fight between avatar: the last airbender, and captain planet and the planeteers!!"
whats goin on tonight???!?!?!
god damn my throat feels like i smoked a mile of cigarettes
wow listening to the weather channel's music is like going to a rave  
no sleep yet cod all night with a lil' 8 legged freaks
"hmmm, what to do today in this shit town of kane <propfemale>    ???"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=2ec5kqulflc
fuck yeah ravens!!!!!!!!! show those panzys whats up!!
i absolutely hate fake people   i mean just reading down the post's   some people make it seem like there perfect and their lives are sooo fucking perfect   other people thinking it's always cool to brag about being wasted and walking around wasted    wtf    alcoholic   
"i have seen what it means to detest and to care, and to outlive the dream of you and me this has been a disease overtaking a new sense of being    "
<propfirst> patterson knows johnsonburg p u pretty well hahahaha
any bands in the area lookin for a vocalist for death metal  metalcore   i've been out of a band for too long!!
getting a shower for the first time this year
today is national punch an annoying steelers fan day!!! hahaha looks like half of kane will get knocked out!!
"hahahaha fuck yeah packers fudge packin\ the steelers!!!"""
fuck yeah packers way to whoop them panzys!!!! oh im gonna love dissin' on all the squeelers fans!! hahahahahahaha yeah!!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed qtepyl5lpm
headache    sucks   
"this was a fuckin' bomb    for a few seconds, this place was armageddon   it was a fire fight!!!! pow pow pow pow"
dont feel bad cause i never feared consequences; hate regrets more than apologies   
you can't see california without  <propmale> brando's eyes!!
x-men first class trailer will be premiering on facebook this afternoon!!
im on a video rampage
everyones got a boogie man to worry about   mine just happens to smoke newports and terrorizes greenwich village!!
"do you want to get high man?? does pinocchio have wooden balls , man? i got this joint i've been saving for a special occasion!! woooo weeeehhh!!!"
ready to get low!! today is opposite day
chek out taken with the tide!! damn good band!!
i need a rideee!!
who wants to give me a ride???!!
"do you know how much coke <propfirst> sheen did? me either , but it was enough to kill two and a half men   ,"
"whats going on tonight??????????? somebody, anybody   hit me up!!!!!!"
headin to the b-horn with oakes
"i struck gold but never took it for granite that's how i planned it!! so can it, around the planet, fans demand it and you'll never understand it, when i die no lie plan on mass pandemonium,they may display my brain in a pickle jar at the smithsonian,\the one part the fuehrer the one part the pope,it's the inevitable return baby!! of the great white     dope!!"
cant fucking wait for the new season of tru-blood!!!!!
everybody sucks!!!!!!!!!
i have a date tonight!!!!!!!!!
did anyone know <propmale> rogan was is <propfirst> darko?? haha crazy shit
"rules of zombieland  \rule 1: cardio\rule 2: beware of bathrooms\rule 3: seatbelts\rule 4: doubletap\rule 5: no attachments\rule 6: travel in a group\rule 7: travel light\rule 8: kill with efficiency\rule 9: guns are for hunting, not for zombie killing\rule 10: be quiet"
"rule 15: know your way out!\rule 17: don't be a hero\rule 18: limber up\rule 19: blend in\rule 20: find the right shelter\rule 22: be ruthless\rule 23: god bless rednecks\rule 24: no drinking\rule 31: check the back seat\rule 32: enjoy the little things"
goin leek picking in the am!!!!
just downloaded the whole season of battle toads!!!
"xbox 360 elite 120gb hard drive  got 3 games dowlloaded on it fable ii trials hd an srabble  plus 5 movies ironman 2, zak and miri, scrooged (<propmale> <propmale>) , mortal kombat annihalation,  the longest yard (<propfirst> sandler)  plus whole season 5 of jackass adn half season of locked up abroad  also got all add-on for fallout 3 and halo 3  and one add on for the new fallout new vegas "
"i promised my heart to her, she cooked it medium well  then preceded to swallow it whole"
all these songs make wish i could live one day back in 2002
"what if all else fails, and we see the end   will we rise , or stay dead   until the day that i leave this earth, will the suffering end or get worse??"
avarice held the key to lock away ur needs the cards have been dealt only time can now tell betrayed by the face that once so humbly welcomed you  sever the image  impale the trust ur only chances left are in the dust the <propfemale>s gone theres nothing left nothing but a hole to throw yourself in my abysmal rage will unleash upon you  granted the <propfemale> will again be mine
