3814e49f5871dc9fe6c149898a0315a7
pssssssssssssssssssttttttttttttttttt happy neww yerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! mines the longesttest!!! ha!
sum1 on my mind arrrrggggg lol -silent rawr-
making eggs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dang computer wont let me change my profile pic
listening to breaking <propmale>
hmmmmmmmmm just woke up
watchin <propmale> play oblivion
nm just another saturday after noon
listening to my playlist on playlist com
watch my vids on profile
check them out
t_t i can be sad somtimes
sighing to the worlds many problems
wishing that i could hug every last one of those people who need it in this shrewed world
praying at the moment     
nite
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhh waffles!!!!
nm
fall out boy!!!!!
listening to the 21st cenetury
nudt got up and about to go homet_t
im yourssss
getting on and back off
if u wanna talk call me at my house or leave a message so we no who u r     smile  972-937-5077
wats a good 4th of july rock song????
is it just me or can a guy and a girl be friends and not like each other
me is hungry goin to go eattteath
wishing peoples would come to thier homes so i can mow some lawns and make some mula
anberlin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spendin the week at tys!!!!!!! hes meh cuzin haha
i bet noone knows my fav   band
i did parkour w  <propfirst> baby yeahhh go look it up if you dont no wat it is
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
cant wait for the region dance!!!!!!!!!!!!
hmmmmmmm wich of my pics should be my profile pic ???
problem: disfunctional       system break down     jskfjawoajknjkdwe;hu sad (
"looking for the song by three days grace that goes  i will not die, i will not die, i will survive"
three days grace rules
aight im gettin off
at daronssssss hes cool  o and moose!! is here too
needddssss more three days grace songs to posttt
my song :  time of dying by three days grace
sad want to see someone finnally saw my mom for the first time in 3 years yesterday
feels like crying
gettin off
got my hair cut aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate it this is bogus
no more skinnys  sad (
lost alone and saddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd laugh dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd bet u didnt catch that
lalalalalalala talk to meh
boreded
your so contagious!!!1
i will not die ill wait here for you  i feel alive when you beside me
"its too late baby just to turn it around i got my hands in my pockets and my head in the clouds  this is how i do when i think about you you caught me off guard,  now im running and sceaming i feel like a hero and you are my herione did you know you love is the sweetest thing"
staind!!!!!!!
who like the red hot chili peppers
todays is offical name ur band on my wall day!!!!!!! three days grace
skipping school but not seminary
sweeeet song
didnt skip ohwell
wats a good good <propfemale> song?
linkin park!
music!!!!!
oigjdkvhjdiuhbdhbdjbndkopadgjdgbdibnkvnjfkvmnjmnfbasifasipfuwhbweirdkjdrfhkjhdkjgfhdjka hjhjkhdkjfghfdkjghdjhsooooookjhkjdfhgkjhdgjkhajkhakjhkjhgkjfdhgkjhgkjdflost jkfhkjhkjdfhkjhgjkfhgdiducatchthatkjnvbdvjkdbfjkbdnjvndk;llskdfjklshg
im about to put a bunch of songs on here so like and comment the ones u like
its been awhile
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll                          llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll                            lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll                                 
breaking benjamin!!!!! love  love  love 
sweet
do u ever wonder y any of ur friends stoped talking to u  you doo??  well so do i
plz dont turn ur bk on me like all the rest i never knew wat i said was in the test of right and wrong my friends keep plaing like <propmale> kong but u know its just a sad story they all leave eventually they wont talk or tell u wats up and goin on they stop  and drop the note the chat theconversation like a bomb
loving the freedom of computerrsss i might not be on for awhile after the weekend so if i dont message u im sorry
lalalalala yeahhhhh i get to be with my lil twin bros
hey miss murder can i hey miss murder can i make beauty stay if i take my life awhoahohoh
breathe you life into me
breathe your life into me
wanting someone to rescue me from falling and getting splinters agian because of her
fade away falling faster show me where forever dies and all is lost agian
breathe your life into i still need you im falling falling faster
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeee lllliikkkkeee wiiinnntterrr
fort minor remember the name! excuse the language
i dont care wat u think as long as its about <propfemale> cuz the rest of us can find happiness in misserrryy!!!!!
happy birth day katlynn!!!!!!!!!!!
heyhey check out my pics one of ems funny and i want comments!
spagetti w  ranch!@$% yumyum
boys like girls!
never shout never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lets all hope life gets better
i need sum1 to talk to
hey mr dj u gotta play  a record i have we gotta dance tonight
trouble!! by never shout never
straightened my hair !! wohooooooo hope i can get pics up
rrrrrggg camera being wierd!
i tink i figures it out!
"who like never shout never ,shout it out!!!!!!!!!! playful  laugh  smile :{d"
"im a real big fan of yours, but im quite the joke to you : never shout never"
going crazy! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
flyleaf!
humming bird : never shout never!
<propfemale> da dada dadadada dadada dadadada da i am running out of words to say to you
i need sumthin to do today hit me up # 972 351 9320
need to chill with sum1 ! callz me or sumthin
sould i post my new poems?
read my new peoms!
i need a ride to church tonight!!!!!!
needs a ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ah nvm ninjahug to you!!!!!!!!!!! u never saw it c0ming
do you believe in god written on the bullet say yes to ull the trigger  i will say yessssss
hope to make it to parade tommorow
i need to go do something with sum1 anyone really as long as i dont have to st here bored
i no u evertything u do is about ur perfect image well i hope this songgg it helps ur imaaggeee
im post two more peoms under notes
gettin off call me !!!! 972 351 9320
just finished saving private <propfirst> !!!!! its a good movie off to bed church later!
are my poems any good? are they potraying the image they should i no you would i you could try to make the world at rest and instead of test just cuz u no ur the best
if you havent read my peoms do it!!!
wonderin wat to do now
i want to see my girlfriend ahhh lol miss her
ur heart has a lack of color but i will always love her
got an mp3 from my gpa
hmmmmm i wonder    :+o
wtf my i m  aint working agian!!! sad 
breathe your life into me !!!!!!!!!! i can feel you there im falling falling faster!
shes so oho ohoh ohohhhhhh  rock and rooolllll
haha guess wat lol i gots a hurt eye but <propfirst> finnally met his match and guess who it was      thats right me   he had it comin cuz he wouldnt leave dillion alone and he always talks crap
what should i get her      roses and a <propmale> bear or sumthin else?
wohooo got new stings on my guitar now i can learnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha
hmmmmm wat to do
would you be mad if i tackled you out of love and care? just for a hug smile 
would you be mad if i tackled you out of love and care???? just for a hug to show that im there for you when your down that ill always be around? answer it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
would you be mad if i ran up and tackled you out of love and care?just for a hug???? lol answer it with comments@!!!!!!
would you be mad if i ran up to you and tackled you out of love and care? just for a hug to show that i care? that im here just to make you better when im not near?!!!!? answer it in comments!
would do this some day for fun?
hmmm what to do what to do?  smile 
bleep!  smile  ima spider
mis ick
mu sick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
crazy people r @w§?m3
no school!! wohoooo!!!!!!!!
happy freaking 15 to me     i have a favor to ask everyone    plz pray for <propfemale> seals (gf) shes been crying alot and can hardly talk and i wish i was there but cant *sigh* plz its the first favor i have asked for in a long time  help me!
just finished another peom
comment my new (nd maybe my old ones) poems
"happy b-day to you, happy b-day to you, you r and always will be my booda boy     i cant believe ur 15 already   stop growing up, cause ur mom said <propfemale>    love bb ur mom ( ha ha i got this on your face book)"
check out my new poem on my notes
screw my birthday it was boring and sat at home all day sad  man i hope this isnt something that happens often crying  thank you everyone who wished me a happy one
a good quote for this time in life i made this up!  pray for those you love and care about pray for those that are hurt that they will be able to make it another day-britt <propmale>-
man this totallly stinks
my friend is selling custom wallets (his price) u can put as many slot pockets anddesigns as u wish
<propfemale>       i hope everything turns for the best in this world
this ought to be funn  copy this into your status andd see what people rate youu  1  crazyy 2  i'd marryy youu 3  talkative 4  sarcastic 5  loveable? 6  clubbheadd 7  moodyy 8  dumbb 9  spoiledd 10  mouthyy 11  randomm 12  hawwt 13  funnyy 14  fit 15 amazzingg 16  toughh 17  cute 18  bf gf type 19  player 20  the best friendd smile 21 the vest person in the world  or close to
so i wrote two new poems today in 1 class period i was so bored     idk wat to name them
single     
who was that guy that made up ending are always happy   hes stupid
just got my straitner!!!!-dino ninja-!!!
hair is straight!!!!!!!! wohooo thank you aunt <propfemale>!!!!!!
got bk from helping my uncle move!!!!!! church later laugh d
going to the park at threeeeeeeeee
hey if you think you can give me and <propfirst> a ride to the dance call our house pwease! lol 972351 9320 or comment
hey if you think you can give me and <propfirst> a ride to the dance call our house pwease! lol 972351 9320 or comment
is anyone going to be able to take me and <propfirst> to the dance if not need directions
had fun at the dance last night meet new people and couldnt sleep idk y and my tumy hurt idk  i just miss her and wish everything wasnt my fault
g to the park!
i ran into a pole today in gym while walking on the bleachers come to find out it was the only one sticking out owwww
anyone want to give me a ride to second <propmale> tommorow?
hope i can get to church tommorow
o-)-<]: thats wat i do
puting 4 new poems on here
finished puttin my poems on here!
wont post my stuff   great another thing screwed up in my life
i love how my life seems like a stupid joke to people
lets hope i dont die in my sleep frm the tears as i give my heart out for free
every bodys goin to the party to have a real good time not thinking bout me as im lft behind i dont care they arent good friends of mine just lost and aroused by sunshine
screw the stupid lies i want to see though them but im so tired i cant lose agian falling asleep i know i wont win
your beautiful! just like the snow before it was touched by people who didnt care
"am i a bad kid ,brother or friend?"
ur beautiful!!!!! like the white snow before it was touched by people who made it look so unclean but is still the same
im so confused as to wat i should do   
night
i saw <propfemale> today at walmart   wish we coulda talked
snowboarding last night was awesome man
happy valentines day!
sometimes i wish i didnt even have fam  theyre all the same
i am the brother!
im going to need a ride to the dance     great
greaaat unless i find a ride and money to the dance on friday i cant go and if i cant for sat  i cant go then either  grrrrr  -?her?-
needs a ride tommorow!
going to dance moms takeing me  laugh ! yaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
my throat is killing me grrrrr
going to town yesssss!
running around in circles screaming!!! haha  playful  im so cool i can pull it off
finally back frm the store two hours and a truck load of food my mom is wack!@
grrrr i needs a new skateboard!!
xbox 360!!!!! whoop whoop!!!
do you remember all of the time we had! lets bring it back!
stinking sound quality on phones suck!
anyone going to the movies or something tonight i need something to doo
getting off for a bit   i need a big group to come chill at the movies!!!!!! lol let me know if you can goo
hey its at either (regular) 7:15 (3-d) 7 surprise 0 or 7 smile 0  this is for those going to see <propfemale> in wonderland
church! whoop whoop!
frito pie!!!!! yummmmm c smile 
needs some people to go places with    life is becoming dull again
dont stop believing!!!!!!
dude internet radio!!!! wohoo! lol
stupid comp is logging me out in fifteen grrrrrrrrrr
i need something to do!!!!!!!
anyone want to <propfemale> out?
not going to make it to church  crying ((
"i \love\"" how parents say let me do something real quick but \""real quick\"" to them is like thirty minutes  lame  playful """
funn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
so i just got bk from an awesome day!!! me and some guys went to skate in town then went and goofed off in <propmale> world then to the highschool we found a desk! so i carried it with me for 9 <propmale> all the ways home singing and stuff i made so many people laugh!!!! lmbo
im so lost right now   idk wat to do aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh ths songs gonna make me cry
iz need to knows when todays part of youth conference is
would someone give me a ride to stake center tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!ill pay if i have to!@
awesome song funny vid! 1 
dance at our church or the jhonsons ranch?
waht is love?! is it giving up!?!
gots a straightener!!!!  my thanks go to <propfemale> <propmale>
school =  annoyed   class =  playful  friends =  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo more pics!  laugh  i ? cameras!!
man my leg is killing meeeee crap  playful  i wrestled <propfirst> and won  laugh  i slapped him three times and apperiently made his nose bleed and yeah i tried to blk his kick and hit the fiberglass part of it !!! owie  smile 
sore neck frm wearing a parrot suit at my moms work so i could earn some mula!
wohoo!!!!!!! just got done with the stinkin parrot suit!
rise against!!! ~musical therapy
all time low! ~ still lost in music therapy
lallalalalalalalaspfvkla dlka jfskjadlfjaskdhfskjfhwhjegfasjhjhvchasdkj hsdffvjkdhvfsdfjgvhsdk lets hope i get the jooobbbb!!
gots a board!!!!!!!! finnally !! its a piece of junk but works!
happy easter!!!!! everyone!!
i got your runaway smile in the piggy bank baby gonna cash it right in for a new <propfemale>
i tried so hard and  got so far but in the end it doesnt even matter how i fall im losing to you i need you back the way you were its not fair to say how u care when it feels like your never there
"broken board ,possible broken toe, and screwed up retarded heart    most guys might say in my situation \glad she out of my life\"" me no way <propfirst> i feel like the dumb in dumbell  sad  and i say that i just left the best part of me"""
bed await me and my dreams but i never dream anymore cuz my mind is never light anymore heavy with thoughts of something i cant e playful lain i dont know how to name the pain i felt through the day i goes away eventually but never stays away coming bk to what it was i never thought id be the way i am because i try to be different and it may not always work but at least you know what i meant~ by <propfirst>
tonight im blinded by the white light i cant stand the pain and i cant make it go away im trying to fix myself before im faded away how did this happen to me  i lose my self slipping of the edge i try to hold on to time when nothing mattered but i cant e playful lain what happened  but we soon try to mend them broken bones on the floor i <propfemale> in the door waitng for something great to sweep me of my feet
more stuff hurting  great my week is going for the worst  sad  wish i could just heal up and smile
glad i made her smile!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
peace
hey mr  dj you gotta play that record i have!
night world
tell me one word and ill make a poem tell me another ill make up some more but as time fly i then lose the feeling to wirte anymore but then something in my life minor bring it bk so tell me one word and ill make poem
wow im glad she asked me to hangout things are gettin better!  smile 
never gonna be hungry again 39!!!!pieces of pizza i feel like throwin up playful 
hey guys if ur single let me know i have a friend and she wants to meet someone  playful  so tell me (im not gay i swear)
church missed talking to her and wish we could <propfemale> out more
my friend camodric edwards is looking for a girl!!! add him and talk to him or comment if ur single!
ugh!!! i left my poems at school!!!!!! noooooooooooooooooooooooo idk when ima get them bk!
really good bands anyone?
so freaking tired after walking 15 mile for <propfirst>!  playful  ughhhh
i dont knwo where to turn i can trust some friend to help me out but only for a moment fam  had never helped me and someone i love is very hurt my life has hit an all time low
i need to know what 2nd <propmale> is doing tonight
hmm avenue or my church  ???
going to jt's church unless i dont see him
hmm poems anyone?
hhmmm maaaaybe im a pyscho!! so waht  playful  haha hello peoples purpple!!!
pancakes  with a bit of blubeery and syyyrrruuuuuuupppppppp wohoo!!!
"headache and extremely tired last night was funn with arron,boo,and rj"
disected a worm ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
yay! family!  not  freaking lame
why is it that parents think that we kids dont deserve repsect  ? i try to help but i get yelled at i get upset or i mess up i get yelled wtf  idk anymore  crying ?
i have no comp  at my house anymore its at my aunts so i cant get on that much
oh yeah hehe coach miller has got somethin comin his way if he dares to mess with me again> smile 
ughhh im goin to the movies if i can but yeah i missed out on going with <propfemale> and <propmale>
night!  annoyed 
im tired of planning things and getting denied at the last minute this freaking sux sad 
fml man im tired of planning things and then getting left out or being told no after a yes
im ready to get out of hereeeee
hmmmmm i might need a ride to the dance jw who'll take me
i freaking wish i had money cuz then i could pay my cuz to take me to work  annoyed  blllaaahhhhhhhhhh srrry dad
ima need a ride tonight
i reaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy need someone to give me a ride to the dance tonight!!!! i already missed one i dont feel like missing another
to shauntelle:! im going to my house plz call my aunt if you guys are going to get me!
i found out im gettin bottom braces june 29th great!
at the lake with some family
for those of you who dont know i gots a haircut and i love it smile 
"i want to make plans for the summer, maybe go to a party or two ,someone!!!!"
wat to do wat to do!!!
hmmmmm i need something to do before i go nuts playful 
getting off here if you want to chill talk or need something call me (972 351 9320) bye peoples
call me if you want to hangout or message me !
picking up a bounce thing for dad at 6 smile 0  smile  and sleep and swimming yeah thats my pans
dude!!!!! meet one of my old time friends havent seen in years!
fml some chick that likes to stalk me told me she loves me ahhhh well to bad <propfemale> has me all wrapped up in her heart smile  ily <propfemale>
bouts to go call <propfirst> to chill then sitt at the pool ttyl people call me!!
wondering if <propfemale> thinks im annoying? hmmmmm asking her tonight
yeeessssssssssssssssss!!! karate kid tommorow at showbiz!
karate kid!!!!!! tonight at 8 smile 0 anyone else wanna go?
hey!!! you people!!!! lol if you want to see how short my hair is then you gots to come to karate kid! at 8 smile 0!!
         great idk wether i should believe what katelyns bestfriend says or just what for her answer sad 
well isnt it fun when your single but dont know it  annoyed  found that out on friday
borrreedddd swimming? hospital? fun heck yeah im ready to do something so talk to me  playful 
hmmm where to start its like everything went all dark and then she found me and held me up when im down no more noises or sounds to scare me im in her arm and shes in mine i hope we can make this last some time!
swimin!!!!!!!! wif my gf  smile  yay!
out all day with the mom  smile  fun times !
adtr!!!!!!!!!! this will be the downfall of us all
"wow i  love  this song! \adtr-you had me at hello\"" to jessikuh  smile """
i cant tell you what it really is i can only tell you what it feels like-eminem (true words)
today was fun smile  im here to ease you tear jessikuh smile  and always will be
hmm what to do today? lol worked and cant wait for electric to come back on smile 
another day is goin by im thinkin about all the time but your out there and im here waiting(simple plan)
i just somebody to love i i dont need to much just somebody to love
hoping that i didnt do anything wrong and praying that i wont
hoping that i can fix things
just finished a awesome hamburger done by <propfirst> grave while listening to screamo and dude so many insiders tonight its unbeliveable  playful  i miss you(you know who im talking to)
more insiders today?! hope so lol
what do we do when bored!? listen to music and dance!yeah thats right somehow im always stuck in her trance swayin back andforth arms moving like another force i lose control of those around me but my postrue holds together as i see crowds movin up and down to the beat as i breakit down>   thats off the top of my head work right there  smile 
so yeah i mught need a place to stay if my mom ends up having to move cuz i want to stay in hachie
hey all you church peoples is the dance tommorow?
working on a song rap whatever it is and need a ride to the dance!
wow what a hard day
     sigh*
chiiling with <propmale> all daaayy
when will i do something right?
"hahahahahahahahahaa getting blamed for bein outside with a car stereo with a group of people> smile  cant wait for tommorow cuz the office is going to get it\ x)"
skate!!!!!!!!!!haha i finally gots a board  smile  dance!!!needs a ride! and last office hehe dont blame me for stuff i didnt do cuz at 12 today ima get ya  smile )
sitting at home with my cuz and wondering bout a ride tommorow
work at 3 smile 0 and dance tonight (maybe a lil bit of skating too)
i think is funny how everyone doing that what i like and first impression thing cuz noone is tellling me
gaaaahhhh!!!! i cant fix my wall so people can write on it sad 
goin to <propfemale>'s to hear a band with my <propmale> in it then goin to the avanue to skate and see more friends! smile 
im lost then im gone i transform to a pawn thats used and is dawned to be dead dont think with your head just listen to what i said cuz its like lead on a wall and if you cant run then just fall and start to crawl on the floor cant stop it when theres no more dont slam any door youll wake them and then we'll all be shaken with word out the mouth like our cuzins in the south  smile  yet another random rhyme
welll i gets to see christian later  smile     no matter what i want you bk but ill do as you ask and stay my distance cuz its all for you
      yay?  
"if she's amazing, she wont be easy  if she's easy, she wont be amazing  if she's worth it, you wont give up  if you give up, your not worth it \ some word that are so true that i got from <propfemale>  smile """
i think i should setup a <propfemale> for my peoms
"hbdsfhgsghoiabdfnjbr ibtaeguiehgid nb\that right there would be awesomeness  smile "
hmmm i wonder what they're doing at church tonight
deh me very boreddddd oh and i has a phone for about a week yay!
needs somethin to do or someone to come over
whats on my mind? idk school moving and tryimg to mend things  to much for one person if you ask me
doctors today and orientation yay annoyed 
stuff to figure out funn  annoyed  but its gonna get better in the end  smile  at least   i hope
moving today!!!!! deh life alright 
deh   i need a car lol umm i also need to find a ride to the dance next sat 
me cant wait for tommorow lol im still looking for a ride to the next dance
hello peoples!!!!!!!!! me and my <propmale> <propmale> need a ride tommoroow to the dance so plaeseeee let me know if you have room for two
need adress for the dance!!  smile 
i also need to know the dress code for the dance
dance!!!!!!!! cant wait to arrive
my life just never seems to stop screwing up   sad   what do you guys think maypearl high or dads??
<propfemale> i got my haircut and its   what for tommorow for an update!  playful 
"m a d n e s s motivation and <propfemale> never even stop striving\tonight"
hmmm well as most of you know i have a phone now and i definately need a new pic
good morning today's the day the sun is shining the tank is clean     the tank is clean aahhhhhh!!
work skewl fun skewl work bleeeehhhhhhh
church tonight whos goin????
dance tonight  wink  lol
hey prepare for some new new it the fact i get you  smile  by my side i will never lie i promise to hold you never let you go as though we werent meant to be these arent memories thes are the lives we live with each other we wont smother ourselves your mine and thats what ive always felt  smile 
hmmmm prepare for more awesome poems
so heres a lil story for you i done breakdown over you im through with you lie ive simply put it to side ill never have to cry over your insult this isnt a revolt its just a small note ill just put it in my tote like the songs i wrote ive forgotten you and moved to her she makes my past become a blur no i wont slur these words im here forever and shes here for me
grrrrr im so bored  time for more and more writing  smile  lol how do things sound  good start for one parents sometimes   
when the going gets rough just remember your roughly six feet tall  smile 
 smile  all i can do is smile when i hear your name
awesome days of early mornings in the cafeteria  smile $)))$$)))
hmmm things to do? play mdw2 and pgr4 then sleeep and see her  smile 
"give me a few word to brew a new poem rap,or song"
hey i needs a ride to the dance this sat  pleaseeeeee?
hey! im ungrounded!!!! woooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol  smile  me ish a happy lil boi  playful  haha
"need a shoulder every now and again ?\feel the pain as he bled for them \just take away the sin \no more time to win \put a smile on your face and dont give in!\to those that cause pain \just send em away"
"im alright im ok\dont listen to me by the way\im here and ill stand strong \join our voices in one big song \creating memories i want to keep\feeling still here still so deep\i will wait ill stand by\just want to tell you that \your my high"
"i think about it all the time\it never leaves my mind\im sorry i cant always change\my ind scrambles and trys to rearrange\thought and knowledge \dont leave me hangin on the ledge\i promised to be there\now i need you here\fix me make me better\dont leave me here to weather"
"i cant live i wont breathe! \not till your beside me \i refuse to feel i cant see\why you would do this to me\\now looking back i remember how thing used to be\standing by you dreaming of what we'd never be \now im standing here broken, im broken"
  ive officially lost everything
think i just messed up again   great  annoyed  * looks up* god why do i keep screwing things up?
hmm just out of curiousity whats everyones definition of love?
needs a life lol zombies dont cut it
wow! its 12 bedtime! nighty night
to everyone wishing me happy birthday thank you!!!  smile  i apprecieate it very much  smile  it snowed on my bday wohooooooo!!!
i could use a ride to the priest <propfemale> activity and maybe to the dance
what do you do when someone is always on your mind no matter how hard you try to make it go away??
blahhhhhhhhhhh
in arlington w  lots of ice a skateboard disasembled wohoooooo
if my heart was a house youd be home    owl city
chillin at parks mall tomorrow hit me up if u wana <propfemale> there wit me an my older bro
need to go do something crazy  get my mind off things  annoyed 
needs a ride to dance for 2 people    who feels like kidnapping?  smile 
i am extremely scared of event tonight  ive had many dreams about it that arent finished so i scares me   hope its end is good  annoyed 
open season!!!!  3 hahaha
its been almost 4 months but yet im still stuck in the same spot
soooooo this morning i had a sore throat headache and my hip hurt  miraculusly it went away third period but my day still isnt the best  what to do??
"everyone hates it when im upset or sad but noone will or is \supposedly\"" able to fix it annoyed """
asking <propfemale> at palladium ballroom for $46 53!!!!!!!!! yes! totally buying these babies
stars are an amazing thing  sometimes  when they dont remind you of the moments you long for
spring break???hmmm well i might need a temporary home lol
"\this is the last night youll spen alone  \""-skillet"""
attention party people!!! this friday my dad is working a party $15 each -groups of four 1 gets in free ask me for details! it will be fun so come all!
i am  ironman?? noooo i am the happiest man alive hahahah  smile 
concert! whoop whoop !!! im loving me some spring break!
spring break was amazing  smile  now i just need to get home
wow loved how everyone that said they where going to the party showed up   not    thats a big disappointment
 smile  lalalalalala random!
cant wait to see her  smile 
enjoying life  smile 
is ready to take on the world yeah! you heard me  playful 
smile cuz life is good!  smile 
