5a5db42bf36d4aed200f398850eab774
lacrosse in seattle 
running kayaking in sunriver   always a treat 
thinking about b'day tacos  yum 
is very thankful for all the b'day wishes and the early a m  <propfemale> wars party @ nike   how lucky can a girl be?  very!  may the force be with you all 
applauds all camps that keep teens busy and healthy for a week away during the summer 
carried on tradition of visiting <propmale> potter on his first day on screens   popcorn (loads of it) makes it even better 
"is landscaping and keeping the neighborhood teens employed   they're all very smart, but they've yet to figure out that if they wake up earlier to work,  it's cooler before noon "
keeping cool in record heat   dorm room ac:  fan + bucket of ice 
"planning a mo trip:  arch, the hill, six flags, golf, ice cream (loads of it) and mosquito repellant "
relaxing    after an invigorating day of 750 kids at nike whq 
tan sweetcorn hugetomato goodbooks long b'fasts 
madtime 
move week   back into remodeled home  thank god 
my daughter <propfirst> is the best!!  love  her
move complete  who needs boxes?
the 'white shirt' again  really?  why is banana republic marketing millions to just that 5% who like to iron and remove coffee & salsa stains?  wake me up when it's over 
"school starts today in oregon           a communal celebration from parents   all hoping for no  bullies, inspiring patient teachers, tons of homework, sports and activities to keep the kids busy, challenged and exhausted "
i remain the luckiest woman on the planet   except when it comes to scoring 2 completely outta stock ti graphing calculators for the in-house hs teens    certainly not my genes     pencils keyboards remain my weapons of choice 
liquids in oregon are special this time of year:  harvest in wine country and new espresso machines everywhere just in time for fall    and rain that will turn into snow in the mountains 
"heading to bend, or to speak at a creative conference & introduce central oregon ad community to insights        fun to be had by all "
hallelujah   the remodeled home survived the bhs xc pre-pumpkin patch dinner and sleepover 
designing the garden for next spring    any compost design ideas out there?
planning a fall trip that's warm for loads of outside adventure time  thinking high mountain desert  any ideas?
<propfemale> crap batman   <propfemale> is already live at the mall  i saw him today  outrage  everyone knows he's fake   the real one doesn't hit north <propfemale> until the <propfemale>'s thanksgiving parade   is retail that bad that we must destroy what's left of any holiday integrity  what's next   easter eggs as stocking stuffers?  i still haven't put away our halloween costumes    and i could go on   but i won't 
i regret ihnoring hy thuhb for so lohg   messed it up xc skiing     cah't type certaij letters   ouch 
cool  my favorite xmas movie character of all time ralphie all grown up   see four christmases to see those stunning blue eyes in action 
happy snuggy holidays everyone  grandpa finally home from hospital  thanks for all the well wishes 
none
i love my daughter <propfirst>
enough of the at&t ads already  so dull   sorry <propmale>   verzion wins   a bigger media budget doesn't even help 
skiing in the rain   only in oregon   it can only mean high school ski team racing 
"lots of snow here in sw missouri   should wear hat while shoveling, but i always have this need to throw it in the air           must be that doppelganger thing "
only 2 weeks until no sleep due to the olympics 
return trip to bend needed soon to have more joolz chili 
let the sleep depravation begin   go world 
is at 9545   everything is better at altitude 
no  more  sequins  already   more fast & flying people on snow for god's sake 
heading to the mu v  ku watch party   go tigers 
i heard today that reading one week of the nytimes provides you with more information than someone in the 18th century encountered in a lifetime   what do you think?
sunshine + snow at meadows  we're going 
spring break already   but i have a final paper due on thursday  no fair 
planting loads of veggies and berries       get ready for big feasts this summer 
"going to college with my daughter, especially if she goes somewhere really cool like uw seattle or cu boulder  starting the visits now   fascinating  frightenly e playful ensive "
embrace the rain & get shit done inside   before the sun comes back out or you head to the mountain 
a 'rainy sun' has appeared on my iphone for portland's weather tomorrow   maybe a unique icon developed only for the nw?  no clouds   just rain pouring from a sun 
"<propfirst> is the best daughter ever, i don't know what i would do without her, i'm truely blessed  smile "
urban farming in progress    seedings popping out of every sq  foot of available space in our sw corner office   trying to restrain myself from planting in the outdoor beds too early 
"husband adventuring again, this time in alaska  kids lacrossing all day   i'm puppy-training with my new bff <propmale> <propmale>   life is good "
still at bridgeprt mizzou     
ncaa lacrosse playoffs!
rip 24    
"air gia    si, i have become one of those dog people "
rembering and grateful    
in kansas & missouri to enjoy family & friends   & lightening bugs 
usa  buzzzzz  usa buzzzzzz usa buzzzzzz
groan 
it's summer in missouri   90 degree & humid summer  we'll try to bring some back to pdx 
dinner on the hill!!  yum 
yes   we live!
"world cup futbol, wimbleton, tour de <propfemale>, pinot noir, fruitful veggie + <propfirst> garden, sunflower rose garden blooming   shaping up to be a lovely summer "
love all the b'day love  thank you for being such a joyous part of my live   i feel so very lucky  each year just gets better & better  what a great trip 
"spain!  lived there for 6 months   supporting the ol' home team  in fact, first saw futbol there   spain!"
la rioja  sweeeeeeeeet!!
"central oregon    <propfemale> gazing, kayaking, hiking, biking, mosquito battles   and trying to pick a new non-snow sport:  golf or fly fishing?"
"visionquesting for best onion rings, burgers, b'fasts and donuts in the pacific nw   winners will be announced in 2 weeks  any must-trys?"
looks like i was hacked    not endorsing any stupid baby video  sorry for any annoyance 
mizzou fans     heading to columbia with <propfemale> 1 for the 9 18 game     anyone else going or interested?
"my hardworking daughter <propfirst> cartier is the best, love her!"
the garden is in and won the valiantly fought battle of world domination sought by the fence-eating wisteria 
mizzou tigers  yes 
"en route home from mo via <propmale> to my handsome climber who i married 20 years ago  2 kids, 1 puppy later   life is sweet "
am i the only one who still wants to grab a bucket of popcorn every time i hear a statement on the radio from the govanator of california?  i realize that i should be over this   but it still cracks me up 
"harvest   my poor family is about to get really, really sick of pesto & tomato sauce    and beets & chard & celery & hot peppers & brussels sprouts  and, i've found they all taste better with roasted peppers from the beaverton farmers market "
m     i      z 
yes      i'm liberal but also a capitalist       kitz makes sense on both fronts 
my favorite pumpkin from this halloween   who is it?
"good afternoon in the garden:  planting garlic, harvesting remaining peppers celery onions   all while a bagpipe was playing in the neighborhood   cool    and a little more inspiring that the neighbor kid's garage band "
mizzou-ku border war 11 28 10     and taking the kids  goal will be real kc bbq   kc friends:  which one is best?
"proud the high school soccer team i coach, team <propfirst>, is in the semifinals    it's not my coaching, these kids are quite skilled "
yesssss   team <propfirst> wins   congrats to our players   league champs 2010 
"in mo, gearing up for turkey + jayhawks + <propmale> doses of kc bbq & fried stuff @ shrouds (due to my son )"
@ arrowhead for 1st time in 35 yrs   go tigers!
already feeling good about closing out this year and heading into a brand new one   lots of changes past    and lots to look forward to next year  happy holidays   let the fun begin 
pinot noir
<propfemale> christmas to all   so many blessings   grateful 
"day with my favorite bachelor, night beginning at joolz   lucky me!"
we love our ducks!!
