9d97c811e539a6b20beda74d39f7c5bc
"happy new years here in oki, y feliz nuevo ano   "
henny and nuvo mixed 2gether is fuckin nasty when ur sober    lol
"hungry as hell, bout to hit up dragons, everythiung half price today only    anyone else wanna go   !?"
got a new phone    upgrade iphone 4   !!
why am i so forgetful   !?
imma call pmo one of these days report the chowhall for stealing my life     annoyed  lol back to work   
why do i gotta be on lockdown  ?! i havent fucked up!!
feelin like a pirate buccaneer today!!! i will raise hell on the seas of facebook    
feelin like a pirate buccaneer today!!! i will raise hell on the seas of facebook     espeacially on fat people!!!!!! so nattali prepare ye self and your band of sea cows ye call <propfemale> friends!!!!
3381 till i die!!!!!! just stupid shit @ the chowhall makes me hate life as a cook!!!!!!!
"i really hate it when im called a failure, when im told to work in impossible situations w  no help, hope, or even a fucking <propmale> to succeed!"
finally off   !! hatin life right now cause they chowhall is becoming my life!!!
trapped in the chowhall   !!
so depressed spending my birthday @ the chowhall    :[ damn this fuckin p o s  is consuming my life!!!
trapped in amazing therefore i am amazing   !!
"my birthday 2moro  !!! 2 bad i gotta work    :[ , its kewl though i work early!!!"
work @ 3 am got off @ 8 am and str8 to a 24hr duty!!!!!!!!!! i fucking love the chowhall!!!!! bastards     :[
imm dying aint got sleep in along time but so much shit 2 do     well im out    
"no guts, no <propfemale> and the moral of the storry is         i forgot but im fucking hella sexy   !! :b"
cinco de mayo     what a glorious day to be a wetback beaner rio grande surfer  track <propfemale>  greatest race on the face of the earth      
yo iu dont wanna work the weekend     
confused    like the time i got lost in walmart      but seriously i'm having trouble figuring things out      indecision 
meditating for assisstance    
ughhh why   !? i don't wanna go 2 work 2moro    
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! fuck i wanna go back to korat!!!!!!!!!!
man planing leave is a bitch idk how imma get from point b to point k    guess i could ask 4 a pickup     but idk   
damn my leave is in jeopardy!!! i cant be break my promise to her     catch 29
knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit but wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad    
"i been thinking errybody going msg duty, i said fuck that    no disrespect to all yall msgs out there    i wanna be an soi instructor     smile "
while errybody got a 96 i got a motovating 24   !! oorah chowhall   !! fml
being 4gotten is such a lonely feeling   
duty is killing me i just wanna go 2 sleep   
had a dream tonight    it helped me alot guided me to the course of action i must take   
"i feel like breaking shit    feeling such despair it's not funny, i feel like crying    "
damn my weekend stolen away from me    thought i was free too
tucumcari i hate you   !!
fuck  cursed with camp lejune as my next duty station    i been officially drafted in 2 the join the crew group    why   !?
"just came to the conclusion that im sexy as shit so sexy in fact that she wanna fuck holguin, she wanna rape caldera   !! yea"
hopefully the shit happens 2moro    damn i hate waitin on other ppl   
holguin caldera h8s it when ppl use my shit w out my permission    bastards its my fb not yours    
"wanted: a vacuum for temporary usage, so if anbody could lend a vacuum that would be greatly appreciated   "
"so freakin tired    l8rz ppl imma go 2 bed, 11 days till i see kusuma-hime   !!"
"drunk motherfuckers are so fuckin unsat    disgusting creature no shit just half assed picked up his mess, i'm demanding a new roomie    "
ahhhhhh shit    10 days and im on leave bitches!!!! haha woo
for the success of operation sweet escape
"thailand here i come   !! 9 days, well 8 really cause today is almost over   !!!!"
taking a nap    
fuck my life just got on duty and i'm already <propfemale> asleep    
fuck my life just got on duty and i'm already fallin asleep   
"why   !? i just got off duty & work @ the chowhall, and u tellin me i gotta field day now again   !? damn oh well leave in t-minus 5 days and counting, till i see kusuma-hime!!!!!!!"
"my internet is acting up    online 1 minute offline the next, extremely unsat   "
haha woo   !! almost done packing for my leave    3 days till im out for awhile at least   
"1 universe, 9 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas and im the luckiest person to have met you    love "
"how bout then oakland raiders   !? fuck the cowboys, and that other garbage ass team from the bay the 49ers    just win baby!!!!!"
and so holguin caldera's adventure begins    l8rz ppl im off 2 thailand     smile  be back in 24 days be e-z  !!
holguin caldera starvin 4 some teriyaki chicken   fml    
"you'd think saying goodbye 2 ppl u care 4 gets easier the more u do it, guess i was wrong it just hurts more  each time u have 2 do it   "
holguin caldera tired as hell  taking a nap   
building me my gundam model    dont judge me   !!
going 2 the gym gotta get my fat ass back in shape   !!
u know if the <propmale> vs  pacquiao fight gonna be on afn   !?
might get white boy wasted tonight   idk yet   !?
2day was a very eventful day    full of suprises    my spelling skills r on the decline    
wednsday where r u   !?
bored outta my mind    
"i, the <propmale> of new jersey am tired   "
fuck u <propmale> koscheck   !! gsp gonna destroy a bitch   !!
garciadelara i know this already   
i just found my forget-me-not   
let holguin caldera's amazing chinese field days begin     smile 
damn it all i just fouynd out i lost my season 2 of the boondocks    :[ fml   !!!!!!!!!!!!
i need sleep right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let's go raiders   
freakin' amazing holguincaldera u getting a 72 for new years   !! ah damn idk what 2 do u   !?
"damn had such high hopes yesterday, now my days lookin' real bleak  still things change pretty fast "
stupified by my watch tryin' 2 figure out how 2 set it   !?
the <propmale> hates waiting    i rule new jersey damn it!!! why am i waiting   !? lol
bowling was pretty fuckin sweet    im still not good though    hahahaha
why am i still up   !? i gotta wake up early as fuck   
fuck damn i picked the best times to lose important shit    this is an epic fail   !!
"great day to lose your credit card, and phone    trapped in amazed therefore i am amazing"
listenin to rihanna    she is so sexy     smile 
new running shoes   !! and that nike+ thing to see how good a runner you are   !! aww damn motivatted pt run   !!  smile 
broke off   
"so today at pt, i was told <propfemale> and <propmale> are mexican   !? that's new to me i thought they was south american    "
i hate field day    oorah   
dying at work     fml
startin to check out today    got my cammies on and feelin more <propfemale> like than usual   
im stuck on this chowhall shit  fuckin retarded!!!!!!!!!!
starving    pizza hut i need you now   !!
it finally arrived    yay!!! chicken <propmale> i do adore    !!
"just watched disney's <propfemale> and the frog, i wanna be like <propfirst> the firefly at the end of the movie     smile "
checking out is sweet as but sucks at the same time   
bullshit inspection in    5   4   3   2  1!!!!!!
"damn that was fast usually inspection be like 2 hrs     yea pt time, break'em off!!!!!!!"
i think i broke myself off a lil too much   !!
"good night facebook, im tired broke off and i love all yall!!! cause a <propfemale> is nothing without ppl lookin @ it shine   !! <propmale> of new jersey      out    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
damn no more internet gotta turn it in  to mediatti    iphone 4 or bust   !!!
"sry i can't live up 2 ur e playful ectations but i'm only 1 man, 1 heart    all i can do is give u my best and if that ain't enough    then i guess u guys were rite all i do is fail u guys    :["
"no tv, no internet, no movies    just my mexican flag to keep me entertained   "
any1 got an extra bivy sack i can get from y'all   !?
k ummm on 2 the next 1 poly pro   !? top and bottom any1 got a set 2 spare 4 me   !?
hopefully imma spend my last week and a half back on <propmale>    hopin my defap goes through      smile 
c130 rolling down the strip   
think should i cut my hair shorter   !? bangs or no bangs is the question   !?
field day you demotivate   !!
drawing up ideas for a tattoo i wanna get before i leave island   
"this just in     holguin caldera getting married to <propfemale> kunis, gonna get my 1st tat soon, debating wether or not to cut my hair short   "
"bout to make it happen  new hair style, pics will be coming soon   "
"my life seems like a messed up dvd, i'm on pause but everything and everybody else is on play    forget-me-not   "
just found out i'm leaving island on valentines day     annoyed 
damn imma be leaving earlier than valentines day    :[ they bumped me up 9 days    too many people to say goodbye to and not enough time   
tmo where are you   !?
"stand the fuck by tmo, if y'all don't come pick my shit up   "
"watching a basketball movie bout a team from indiana, wondering wtf these crackers from hickory be doin   "
damn it getting closer and closer i really don't wanna leave this island    i  love  it here   
bitch called me ratchet    i was like 4 reals i'm ratchet   !? hahaha lol
my chest is killing me like badly rite now    maybe eating these tacos make the pain go away    
"leaving 2moro morning, camp lejeune, nc    here i go uhhh ohhh   !?"
"@ naha airport, gettin ready 2 leave   "
goodbye okinawa thanx 4 the memories    
coming live from tokyo   
"cheese omelette, hash browns, orange juice and waffle house i be yellin'   !!"
i think i spoke 2 god in my dream last nite in it he told me 2 eradicate all fat ppl in this world    mission accepted god!!! i'll start with my sister's pork patrol she calls friends   !!!
"damn extremely hurt rite now my glass dragon i got in thailand go broke    i gotta get a new one someway, some how    (depressed)"
"damn it used 2 be oki all day, then i was coming live from tokyo, then i was california wishing \to live and die in l a   !?\"" peace up a-town amnd now im just freezing in lejeune    i miss my family and friends in oki    :["""
work day startin    oorah field mess   !!
i need a new wardrobe    im getting tired of wearing the same clothes   
"attention facebook, i repeat attention facebook    i almost just shit my pants   !! i just found out rihanna will be doing a concert in greensboro, nc   !! (girly scream) im so going   !!"
okinawa i miss youuuuuuuuuu   !!
damn range coach classes be kicking my ass right now   !!
planning a far away trip   
doing annual traing pre deployment traing online and it sucks boring    
still doin annual traing   !!! fml!!!!!!!!!!!
"damn logistics is a bitch   !! on a side note, im enrolling in <propfemale> stone classes to learn thai    for free   !!!!! hahahaha thank you <propfemale> net   !!!"
"no dream is ever stupid, dreams are only stupid if you give up   !! - <propmale> e  holguin caldera"
<propmale> <propfemale> i will destroy you   !!
"heard bout japan, hope erveryone thats stationed in mainland and espeacially okinawa is ok   "
"todays forecast: <propfemale> about 72 degrees\and about a 67 % <propmale> im reenlisting    "
"ven conmigo, donde los sueños nacen, y el tiempo nunca es planeado  basta pensar en cosas alegres, y su corazón va a volar en las alas, para siempre, en el país de nunca jamás!"
186 thats the goal   
duty in chucks    cant wait 2 get in 2 my cammis     smile 
im deployin 2 aghanistan in august  !!
"whenever you need me \whenever want me, \you know you can call me, i'll be there shortly \don't care what your friends say, cause they don't know me \i can be your best friend, and you be my homie \i ain't gonna flex, i'm not gonna front \you know if i ball, then we all gonna stunt \send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up -  wiz khalifa"
"rifle range    hopefully i meet some cool ppl like last time except, i dont wanna be dropped this time   "
