4f1dad3a26c87169225838a547e9f9f1
i'm done with hw yay!
woo i got e-mail from teacher saying i aced the test
im addicted to mafia wars
"oi do i hate homework, i have a english portfolio thats due this friday and i only just started "
 sad  im sick!!  sad 
new picture 
help! i've fallen and i can't get up!  should all senior citizens have life alert??
im bored haha im going to watch videos now on youtube   i love youtube too
"<--check out my new picture, pretty cool  smile "
"vacation was so much fun  we have to do that again, to bad we have no pictures though "
my birthday is in 3 days! woohoo!
waffles are so much better than pancakes 
"5 days 6 hours and 28 minutes until summer, cant wait"
good weekend started with sunsplash right into hangtown into being hella tired
didnt get to say final goodbyes to everyone i know  sad 
went to 2 parties in 2 days and is really tired
got his wisdom teeth pulled 3 days ago and his cheeks are really swollen
i miss my friends even though im probably gonna chill today at bel airrr
im tired i stayed up till 5 then slept till 10 then stayed up till 11
"somebody text me  seriously, im bored"
i get to spend the night all alone cuz my sister is going to a party and none of my friends can <propfemale> out
no you dont say that part hacacacacaa
my camera is refusing to work with the computer
"leaving on monday for a week of dirtbiking, awesomeness"
"i stepped on a sparkler with no shoes or socks and i burned my foot, i also cut the back of my knee trying to get in my jeep   but it was still fun and happy 4th everyone!"
i think my big toe and part of my foot is broken cuz i was being stupid and went too fast on my dirt bike  sad 
waffles are better than pancakes and red bull is better than monster
x games rock
its goin pretty good
if your from africa why are you white?
sup freshmen
"manbearpig simply wants to get you, im super, duper cereal!"
roar 4 days of summer
i been thuggin' all my life
"don’t drink water, fish have sex in it "
sporks out 
so whats goin dowwn?
got me an awesome new picture  laugh 
ghetto
they need a white independence day
getting shot with high powered air soft really hurts
i need to be in more pictures with my amigos
why is there no hug a white person day?
im thinkin someone should comeover this weekend and chill for a bit on friday or saturday
this weekends gonna be beast
needs more rain
"summer has come and past, the innocent can never last, wake me up when september ends "
i wanna stargaze on my roof and listen to my ipod
we had a dinosaur sub in english today
im doing the truth thingy so like this
giants r beastin it up
well that didnt last long
why is there school tomorrow again?
black ops time
7th period is bomb i want mr axtell to teach health lol anyone else?
i want to ride my dirt bike     lol
3oh!3 is the best band ever   better than sum 41 reese <propfirst> lol 30 seconds to mars is better too
i'm sucking so much ass at brickbreaker on my phone right now its pissing me off
its official  i hate brickbreaker  goodnight 
well this sucks haha
just went 58-5 on hanoi
"\two kings\""\",4f1dad3a26c87169225838a547e9f9f1,im so sick of all these asian groups   how come theirs no other race groups?  so racist nowadays 
"zombieland is amazing, i shit you not "
why is ms  keegan at the same resturant as me? wtf
<propfemale> christmas!
i havent had a new status in a while 
i havent had a status update in a while 
"schedule annoyed 1st <propmale> cavanagh\7th pe gasper"
whats the math homework for mr  durbrows? it says two things on schoolloop and idk which one to do
just saw a brand new audi a8 in the bel air parking lot
can you say russian soldier's shoulder holsters three times fast?
the truth is    
"\and it will be like a taco inside a taco within a taco <propfemale> that's inside a kfc that's within a mall that's inside your dream!\"""""
