dd7e39cc5b892430376bd4a82f84f24c
rip grandpa <propmale> draves 6-3-09 just made a facebook  quite confused  really mad that summer's only got 1 month left 
i really should start apush   
ahhhh! my computer won't let me put up any photos!
will be hanging out with <propfirst> tomorrow!
"!!!!!!grandma just got emitted into the hospital!!!!! she hasn't been treating her diabetes and it is off the charts! god, please let her be ok!!!!"
this year: june: grandpa dies in a hospital  july: dad gets a disk replaced in his neck  august: macalah appendix  now this  who's going to be the october hospitalization? i just wish whoever's controling this will stop f-ing with my relatives    
is not having fun  is procrastinating homework  is looking foreward to 4 hrs of band tomorrow  is worrying about her grandma 
"is instructors apprenticing @ martial arts again tomorrow, tons of fun i seem to be better at keeping track of a group of little kids than just one    tried babysitting, its exhausting!!!"
"just got back from martial arts! helped teach 2 classes, then trained like hell! is so ready for testing for a white piece of tape    "
my computer is being a dork 
is going to the football game then maybe the dance    why am i not coordianted? seriously running into door frames gets old pretty fast  its an imponderable i guess 
"neon lights, loud music, and skittles  headache "
"would have been happy to sleep in, but we got a load of 120+ bales of hay 40-60lbs each and they all had to be stacked in the loft  finally done with that  =p"
is getting ready for testing now!
"hello i just passed martial arts testing *is happy will only get a piece of tape at this graduation, not a new belt   dang this now makes <propfemale> temporarily the same belt as me (brown)!!! noooooo!!!!  annoyed "
alright everyone i am going to homecoming so stop bugging me =p
waking up bright and early in the morning for flute sectionals  yay*sarcasm 
"got a homecoming dress, looks great, got shoes  painful shoes  3 5 inch heels! never worn real heels in my life, have a week to learn!"
bumming on fb and myspace at the same time    i cant believe how bored i am!
oh yeah slob day! everyone wear sweatpants! i will be heck yes!
"ha! it was a battle, but i have successfully conquored the after-dance hairspray spiral curled mess that was my hair!"
hooray for every day being the same as yesterday! go boring life! not   
"confuzed, but at least it stopped snowing  or maybe thats a bad thing "
its going to be an interesting week =p
"whats up people! im just in kinda a good mood, very energetic  omg its cold outside! listening to country music and procrastinating on apush!"
im bored watch out im gonna start putting quotes from the country songs im listening to on here soon  smile 
"i went 2 ponderosa with the family   was lots of fun, my cousin is back from afghanistan! going to a horror movie tomorrow     annoyed  wish me luck "
i cant find the cell phone!!! its lost! oh no!!  annoyed 
is one of the non-flu minority and worried im gonna be next!
"if you added it all up, over the past two or three hours i've moved at least 1500 lbs of hay  i still have about 500lbs left to move  ow  wish me luck "
"not having the world's greatest friday, but its not horrible either "
nice fun b fight with my sister  annoyed 
sophmore testing bright and early in the morning tomorrow! ah that'l be the part i fail 
"see ya! headed north! theres no computers there  dont worry, i'll be back sunday night                                                              =p"
is wondering    what would happen if you put a pen in a microwave? would it e playful lode?
"'cause when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of, you might bend 'till you break, 'cause it's all you can take, on your knees you look up, decide you've had enough, you get mad, you get strong, wipe your hair, shake it off, then you stand   ~rascall flats"
*sigh*
"bye! i'm headed north today, will be back sunday, so    see ya!"
learned to text! omg!
"i just went in search of a profile picture  i dont have any!!! so, i will be taking the camera north with me, picture hunting instead of deer hunting  maybe then my profile pic wont b me riding rawhide any more "
"sorry guys  i promised id go get a good profile pic this weekend but ya see, i didnt   annoyed "
" annoyed  sheesh y do people have to be so pushy all the time wow people need to chill out! still working on that profile picture, one of these days it wont be horses anymore "
brrr its sooo cold out!!!! i was just outside now im so cold!
damn everyone has plans today except me  its an awesome weekend and im sitting at home being a bum    grr  im gonna go look for some fun!
mmm enchiladas
grr school tomorrow this weekend was not long enough  i wish it were a snowday sometime this week!
*sigh bored doing apush         
 sad  the computer speakers aren't working! oh no! silence is not a good song for me   sad 
yeah! power is back on! and now i have to finish my homework    because im a procrastinator like that!
sooo much homework! and wow im so sore from martial arts!
 smile  i love fridays 
ahh how am i supposed to write a cheery <propfemale> long christmas letter when in reality '09 has been a completely crappy year!
doing   nothing at all on a saturday    how sad   
"just was watching a bunch of kuraenoken vidoes at maritial arts, and is going to go see iron man"
yeah! just won a fight with my computer!
finally discovered the secret to solving a rubix cube!
multitasking! facebook and cleaning =p not so much fun  annoyed 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"alright, awesome new years resolution: i'm going to get a picture for my profile, as i have been telling myself to do for months "
12 minutes until christmas <propfemale>!
im finally going to go see new <propfemale>  smile  !!!
<propfemale> christmas!
finally has her own cell phone with texting!  smile  welcoming myself to the 21st century!
love this song i just found! the taliban song by <propfirst> <propmale>!
yay for computers randomly shutting down     not 
"life's a dance, you learn as you go, sometimes you lead, sometimes you follow, don't worry about what you dont know, lifes a dance, you learn as you go"
"life's a dance, you learn as you go, sometimes you lead, sometimes you follow, don't worry bout what you dont know, life's a dance, you learn as you go   "
b   o    r    e    d      laugh   annoyed  ><>   smile    sad    wink   =p  =o  0 o   laugh    joyful 
yeah! new years resolution complete: profile picture done! aww its not new years yet i need a new resolution =p
hi 
is not having fun doing homework     why does alg 2 have to be so pointless?
"for a <propfemale>, seedless orange, those were some pretty big seeds =p"
the additive inverse of a negative number is a positive number
hates math review packets         
i hate how i need to be at school anyways in the morning because my ride to school needs to be there   
"ah    nothing like the smell of burnt pizza, air filled with smoke, smoke dectectors going off, and the oven isnt even preheated yet  this is what happens when i cook "
feels like crap     sad 
"i must say, hauling 80lb salt bags down stairs is not fun  i think i will go do my homework now  is it just me, or does anyone have a ton of homework even though its only the 2nd day of semester 2???"
has been curling her hair for 2 hours and is not yet done    taking a little break 
"alright    computer randomly restarting    ok  thats normal, i'm sure "
cell phone: missing and dead 
alright    time to do the english paper   
my printer refuses to print my speech outline in black and white without the purple ink cartridge > sad   now i have to hand write it 
"wind ensemble at marquette today, we did alright! it was a lot more fun than being in school!"
just woke up   laugh 
did you just lose the game?
"and so what life lessons have i learned today   ? an empty printer ink cartridge is never completely empty, should not be dissected, and printer ink does not wash off skin "
"wonders what she can do to make her life more interesting    lately, whenever i have been asked how am i my answer has been bored!"
is very cheerful today  laugh 
why is all the sad music always the best?
mmmmm coffee = happiness love 
no me gusta freshmen   annoyed 
"as of now, this is 26 hours without sleep  and i'm not even tired   "
> sad 
"dmv e playful erience: lady: alright, read the letters in row 2 me: blahblahblah    lady: <propfemale>, you missed a box, try row 1  me: blahblahblah    lady: <propfemale>, can you read the first row? me: what first row?  theyre blank   "
"went driving, for an hour  first time  in the rain, at night, over curvy roads and hills with other cars  oh, and a deer  didn't kill anything! did a doughnut  hit 40mph  thanks so much, aunt <propfirst>, for trusting me with your car!  laugh "
"='( glasses = missing    oh no!! i can't drive without them  for all who asked today, no i did not get contacts!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"can't wait for summer: baseball caps, fishing poles, horseback riding, martial arts, summer camp, swimming, hanging out with family and friends    so exciting!"
working on homework and talking to an old friend     smile 
spring break!!! yeah!!
"grr!! those little, harmless ground flies bee things? they bite sting  but not everyone, not even my dad who goes over there and stomps on their nest  just me  twice  within 30 seconds  i feel so special  damn bastards   "
"spenht tons of time hanging out with family today, enjoying free time  smile "
tired!!!
listening to country music      smile  took the dog on a walk first thing when i got home    fun times 
black belt test tomorrow!!! ahhhhh im scared
"yayy!!! first black belt test: complete  one down, three to go  and that was supposed to be the easiest one o 0 ouch"
"aww crap, have <propfemale> much to do to get ready for the next black belt test!!! wish me luck   "
"scraped by and passed my second black belt test    not one of my better scores, but i did alright! i got my wish    a huge strawberry-banana smoothie!  love "
"*sigh* contacts    odd     smile  i keep trying to adjust my glasses, and theyre not there, and i get confused because i can see "
"for those curious, i did in fact pass my 3rd black belt test  i have not decided what i want to say about it  last test next week saturday, this is the  public test so wish me luck "
quite tired today  very excited for the final black belt test on friday     smile  the worst is over 
i  am  a  black belt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
life is amusing  sometimes i think it would be nice to be able to watch my day unfold like a movie    instead of actually having to be there 
i hate powerpoints   
is gonna fail a powerpoint!!!!!!! yayy 
"there was almost something sad about watching all the stress, worksheets, folders, notebooks, ect  go up in smoke    almost  it made a nice bonfire though "
"summer = time to start training my horse, chica  wish me luck, she was sassy to begin with and has been in the pasture all winter!"
"ok so here's the deal    i'm headed up north for the week, where there is no technology, but i will have my cell phone  even if you usually dont, feel free to text me because if i am not fishing playing country running i will not be doing anything! bye everyone!"
"i'm home! actually i got home yesterday but i had a horse show to go to  i had to see comet show; his new owner, <propfemale>, has done wonders with that dumb butt horse, and he got a 6th out of 6 horses! yay no disqualification!"
tired 
"parade in oconomowoc saturday    i will be in my uniform and black belt passing out flyers and business cards for the martial arts academy  if you're going and see me, say hello!"
"i dont like flowers  at least, not today  grr they all must die "
"a fun day! my grandma's birthday, movie, dinner with family, and now sitting relaxing  happy fourth, folks "
working on an online dnr course to get my boating licence  boring  finished unit 2 
"i am so excited for crossways camp next week! i leave sunday! also, got burned making french toast  annoyed "
i didnt know about the tornado warning until the tornado was there and gone  i was at martial arts  smile 
"goodbye everyone! gone camping and vacationing  i will have my cell phone in 2 weeks and will be back home in three  until then, bye"
"crossways was so much fun, but being away from home for two weeks makes it difficult to settle back in here  i miss the people i met at camp!"
"i am leaving again on sunday for the dells, but i will be back on the 7th! and i will have my cell phone this time  feel free to text me anytime!"
"had a really bad morning, so i gave up and went out for smoothies with my mom  the day got better then  i leave tomorrow for the dells! be back on the 7th!"
i am home!!! its great to be back!!!
good day today   smile 
"*sigh* rejected by the little old ladies at the blood donation day  of all the reasons, low blood pressure! o o apparently 112 44 isnt good enough "
no work! relaxing tonight!
