4be27572bb56cbc35e4fce00299f5e1d
\there are only 10 kinds of people in the world    those who understand binary," and those who don't\"" \"4be27572bb56cbc35e4fce00299f5e1d,"secret of life annoyed the cake is a lie and the bird is the word!"
im feeling kinda blue    but i suppose it will pass    hopefully   
im so happy    i got my bike fixed today!!
"i just got home from work    man, i never knew how much ur feet can hurt after 3 5 hours of walking around the kitchen of wendys   "
"man, work was rough today    we were just too busy    i kid u not, we had about 9 or 10 people at the front and about 5 or 6 in the drive through    at the same time!! oh, well, i survived   "
"heh, today was a good day at work    i got to leave waaaay early! i only worked about a half hour    i guess this is what happens when you show up early for work every day you go in    life is sweet!  smile "
"happy thnaksgiving! i got a cell phone yesterday! it is only a tracphone, but it is better than nothing    now, i just need to get some more money for some more minutes   "
"isn't it amazing how much your personality changes when your in love? i have noticed that a totally different side of me has surfaced in the past month, and i'm amazed at the change i've seen! i love you <propfemale>, and thank you for a wonderful first month! here's to sooooo many more!  love "
"well, i figure if everyone else is doing it, i may as well too  message me a number, and i will post on my wall just the number and what i think about you    truthfully   "
"69  really? i'm not surprised by your number choice  i honestly think that you are one of my better friends, mainly because you always get my family guy references  hm    not really much else to say    well, i've enjoyed being a semi-friend, if not a full friend, and hope you have a happy and wonderful life full of hapiness and joy "
"5  i have known you for as long as i can remember  you have helped me through the tough times, and have always had a special place in my heart  i have cherished our friendship over the years, and i hope that we will know each other for all eternity "
"well, when i love her and miss her every second i'm not with her    well, there is just no denying that this is the real thing    love you, <propfemale>!"
"man, has it really been over two months? where has all of the time gone    then again, i suppose what they say is true    time flies when your having fun    especially when it's with you    here's to a long and happy life together  i love you, <propfemale>!!  love "
"pick a card, any card!"
now has his facebook in classic latin!
