f93eed35f16119536e68acefb77a9fbd
confused and angry!!!!!!!! dont get why me being sad is wats best for everyone but me 
still sad miss him like crazy        feels like we are broke up since everywhere we go there is something there to push us farther away from eachother  still cant wait to be a mom 
sick of school glad im almost done forever!!!!!!!! well not really forever  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
lol i love how dumb people can be sometimes she must be crazy if she thinks he will leave me for her      once a hoe always a hoe         glad i dont go to dumb school          oh ya and i got a job finally!!!!!!!!!
my crazy mom made a facebook for my dog so she can get stuff for farmville and she has been using mine for it to!!!!!!! i swear farmville is more addicting than drugs  crazy farmville addicts  smile 
"just to let all the rumor starting people know i havent had my baby yet, yes im pregnant and no the baby didnt die get your facts strait "
its not getting better at all sometimes i look at you and see a stranger wat you did will never be forgiven and that hurts more than anything 
just got of work  smile  i love my job  smile  hoping tomorrow my scary doctor will let me see wat my babygirl looks like  smile  bet shes amazing like her crazy father!!!!
4 days left till emalees predicted date of birth!!!!!!!!! really scared and nervous  sad 
just brought emalee home  smile 
sometimes the worst situations can be a blessing in disguise  smile 
"we dont agree on much in fact we rarely agree at all, we fight all the time and challenge eachother everyday, but inspite of our differences, we have one thing in common, we are crazy about eachother  smile "
"you don't have to be a certain age to fall in love; although you've maybe been told you're to young  for those who tell you that, they don't know what love is "
i'd rather fight with you than be in the arms of someone else  smile 
to be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved 
"i tried to climb your steps, i tried to <propmale> you down, i tried to see how low i could get down to the ground, i tried to earn my way,i  tried to tame this mind you better believe that i have tried to beat this "
watched the broncos get there really nice looking asses kicked stupid raiders                  i think football is scamed on the bright side san deigo lost  smile 
wow! miley will never stop - watch miley <propmale> with new boyfriend - leaked news => http annoyed  bit ly miley<propmale>s
wow! miley will never stop - watch miley <propmale> with new boyfriend - leaked news => http annoyed  bit ly miley<propmale>s
why is it the person you feel closest to always the one who is pushing you away?
"today sucked my car almost died, my grandmas funeral is tomorrow and i miss my <propfemale>          love you baby we miss you  sad "
"we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love "
f\\r(fovever his)
emalee got a bouncy thingy and she loves it all she does is jump jump jump till she passes out lol i love my babygirl  smile 
i cant believe emalee is four months old its crazy
so confused grrr
i like waffles
two hours and two mins  smile 
 sad  really  sad 
selling my car cheap if anyone is intrested  smile 
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have amazing children, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"i made you a cookie but i eated it  smile   smile   smile  \                                               love you babe  smile "
am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  i know my friends will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting it  i hope to see this on your status 
