6d1207d56b82899207db6769d0aa3363
2009 started and ended with a bang   aweseome friends and ru made this happen!  2010 is going to be epic!
"\                this is like the time cookie monster went to rehab   \"""""
"is a sheet music addict   despite having a mass amount of free music from the web, rutgers music library, and previous owned works   <propfirst> had the temptation to get 20 original, non watered down versions of <propmale> goodman charts with a reduced big band pian"
is planning a full fledged soccer game next thursday at 1   meet at the hs parking lot   comment if you want to play
"dam this weather, meteorologist are horrible at predicting the weather   no offense to <propmale> or <propfirst> "
soccer was amazing!!  got to do that again  summer drama wants to pay 35 bucks to play in the orchestra!  wth they should pay me to play if anything   its just not worth it   private practice it is 
does anybody own a volleyball net or a volleyball?
mild sunburn!!!
soccer game 6pm at sphs   all is welcome to attend 
can't wait to get out of this town and go back to rutgers 
"awesome week at the beach with friends, paid too much money for school books, and going to dillons to check out mouth pieces for clarinet "
"great first day of school; followed by a jerk driving a car in front of me on 18, who decided it was a great idea to throw a pizza box out of a window going 60-70 mph   that pizza box, hit my car, and damaged a plastic cover of the wheel   what an ass whole "
why does all my online homework this term use java   my laptop does not do java!  it cant be installed   back to the horrible home desktop and rutgers computer lab 
turns out half of my ap chem class for sphs is in my organics class   and what the hell is happening at the entrance to rout 18 cook   it keeps on getting worst   especially with the way people suck at driving 
labor day in sp is just not the same with everyone being at college 
politics is a joke   how is this crap a subject?   mikes long day of 4 lectures and 2 recs  was not as bad as he thought it would be   maybe because everything is review 
"in italian class, <propfirst> has learned how to curse people off and watched a clip from family guy   both were une playful ected "
is back to being in a symphonic band (ruas)   first practice is today!
italian class is like a game of charades 
is missing out on a free trip to see verdi's <propfemale>   blasted genetics is same time 
"performing on stage is a drug   it's been way too long, i need a fix of that stage   2 more months to wait"
happy trick and no treat day   muhhahahaha
did a freakin scissor kick playing soccer today   it was epic despite having absulutley no power to it and a lake of witnesses players 
soccer game sunday at 2   at the soccer field behind sphs and in front of spring lake park  all is welcome to come and bring friends 
just got <propfirst> copland's sonata for volin trascribed for clarinet by copland   sweet!
soccer game today at 2  at the soccer field behind sphs and in front of spring lake park  all is welcome to come and bring friends 
"had a phenomanol weakend, now to be ocd about regestering for a chem lab   aint rutgers great "
soccer game tommorow (saterday) @ 2pm hs soccer field   bring your friends!
"made a minor missjugdment of character, turns out to be a big deal "
"is finally on turkey day break!!   all is invited to soccer game friday, check out event for details!"
"happy turkey day, celebrating in the stands playing stand toons with family   its what turkey day is all about!"
"soccer game day!!!  everyone is welcome to play, going to be @ 2 by the sphs and <propmale> field with the baseball, football, and soccer field where everyone rain the half mile in 6th grade "
"turn out for the game sucked, had an awesome time anyways   thanks to my regular soccer crew "
"last two weeks of the semester!  time to spend all my printing money on music!  10 bucks down, 20 more to go!!"
"is exceted for his ruaws concert, too bad the dress rehersal is the same time as sphs concert "
the lack of school work is setting in boredom already   all this freetime with bad weather and friends that are away   hope the winter break is not like this 
got into microbiology!!!  just need to get that bloody orgo lab   dam those pharmacey students 
"things to do during break: <propfemale> with friends, compose music, learn more music theory, pratice instriment, look into investing recording equipment, get into orgo lab, clean room, and role the dice in the game of life   this is going to get messy "
orgo final was death!!
concert is cancled    sad 
gonna attempted to site read debussy's premier rhapsody    who ever said that a piece at quarter note = 50 is easy    lol  this is one hard as hell pieace!
last final today!!  mi piace!  passo la pausa con amichi   smile 
wishes he had a clarinet quartet to play with   1 more player needed 
"apperantly yoga is going to be an olmpic sport   what?!?!  whats next tetherball, synchronized swiming, and octuplet tenis?  lol"
"happy hollidays, <propfemale> chrismtas  filice vacanza, buon natale"
loves this warm weather!  perfect for a soccer game!!!
"reletives coming over today, putting the never ending friend parade on hold "
happy new years!
"is sick for the second time within weaks   <propfirst> hasnt been majorly sick in 6 years, wth is going on "
"\great men are'nt born; they are cornered\"" - acording to <propmale>"""
"\whats is an arpeggio?\"" \""boring\"""""
"semester schedule posted in box tab, still hoping to add orgo lab to it   couldnt fitt symphony band in, so i'll be doing ruaws every other saterday 10-12 smile 0"
"last weekend of break!! gonna be epic   gaming with hartmen, bowling tonight with mccarthy and teller   more gaming saterday with stillwagon & seibiscut!"
got orgo lab!  schedule updated in box tab 
likes how theres a picture of a dead pig on the micro sakai site   guess the microbes got him  smile 
back to classes at ru
"ru has a trip to wicked april 10th!! im there! allowed to bring 1 guest for reduced ticket price! comment if you want me to take you   (you buy your own ticket though)  ticket price is yet to be determined, usually its a good deal!"
"lots of reading to do, a prelab, and 2 webassigns   hanging out with friends this weekend?!?  doubtfull, but hoping!"
"is reminded why sphs people piss the hell out of him, was having such a good couple of years too"
"orgo lab was boring with people that are a lot of fun!  concert band tonight, woot   and <propfemale> is a bitch that will not stop bitching, just forgetting about it cause i'm the bigger person and she means <propfemale> "
"been one hell of a long week, been fun; and finaly gonig to enjoy a weekend!"
"ruaws pratice was sweet!  doing movie theme!  the producers, shindlars list, godzilla, cartoon, 450 disney songs in one piece, <propfirst> the fith, and damn busters"
actually has the afternoon free for friends!!
"long day, heres to the start of another long week   i am starting to see a pattern   "
recrystallization lab yielded nothing     seemed easy enough   
superbowl party!!!
rutgers sebs: school of enviromental and biological terrorisim sciences 
"is upset, the wicked trip is all sold out!!"
"ru closed, who da thunk it   time to shovel snow "
can't believe that even during a snow day all his time was spent reading and studying 
go usa and italy in the olympics!  did anybody see speed skating finals? it was sweet 
"loves the smell of <propfemale> acetate   they should make that a new fabreze smell   haha, not"
"would like to spend more time with friends, even though i probably spend too much time with them and not studing "
"dude, theres a bunch of fire trucks and police cars around the block from my house "
"lab today was extremly long, good results   time for the music of the night   hope that we don't get a lot of snow   makes commuting hell "
"allright, classes canceled   a <propmale> to catch up on studing and not just reading over the book one time "
needs spring break!
"my <propfemale> lost my formal lab report and is claiming i did not turn it in   she say's i will get 10% deduction for everyday late   bullshit, i am fighting on this one   handed her an email with it attached so its only 1 day   still, bullshit!"
concert band is really bad    
"ny votes for soda tax to raise prices and enduce healthy eating   hahahaha, if ny wanted to get skinny they would volantarily reduce there demand for unhealthy foods   changing the supply is not going to happen based on that vote   hahaha"
spring weather!!!
"out of tune and lack of thought was the way concert band went   <propmale> complains that clarinets play louder above the octive (is a regester not an octive) and there was a cresendo!  not that people in cb follow such things     and the upper regester is not louder when controled   alumni band i miss thee,  soon will be a good rehearsal with thee "
spring break is off to a wet start 
new dsm   dsmv with predisorder syndroms   just what phsycatrist need to make more money 
"sun! finally! \hier kommt die sonne\"" - rammstein"""
"soccer game this friday (tomorow) 10am field by <propmale> with 2 baseball fields, 1 football field, and a soccer field   all are welcomed "
"last day of freedom, wonder what will happen    hopefully something to do outside "
tring to decide on which biotech eletive to take next sem   all the ones i am interested in i can't take yet 
wouldn't it be nice if every problem could be solved using math 
feels a million times better after rocking out last night!
"why do people insist on sending me things such as: save ____, or help _____   those things are part of the solution   they go about it in such a round about way, and they serve based on emotional response not a logical one   invest in eduction, don't through money at the problem "
anybody want some slowly oven roasted <propfirst> oprysk?
got an awesome schedule for next sem!
done with orgo lab! weds  are free
if i removed everyone that i don't talk to or disliked; i would be left with aproximatley 7 percent of my current friends list 
"crazy weekend, lo 'e stato stupendo "
end of the semster = printing 750 pages of music
"ag day was entertaining  due to a puppy   other then that, ru sold out to selling merchandise,  lots of animal other right posters, and folk music   kudos for designer  genes for isolating dna for guests"
"concert band performance this thursday, <propmale> 8pm; is free   going to be a mediocore performance; mild intonation issues with neglect to dynamics and nuances "
"ninety degrees!   laugh  alumni band pratice till 12, osca bbq, then chill with friends outside "
been asked to join a clarinet choir over the summer!!!
no more classes   4 finals to go
got a reaserch appiontment!!!!!!  laugh  finally! hope i get it!!
"sophmore year complete   conquering summer boredom begins: friends, clarinet chior, sports, gaming, sketching, chess,movies!  internship? hopefully    "
"come see me in ruaws concert today 8pm at \<propmale>  check it out "
got an appionment with a proffessor that doesn't use molecular bio or genetic techniques   boo!  gotta take what your offered   
5 hours of awesome tennis   now death    
starting summer research this tuesday!!!
happy schumann's bicentennial!  celebrating by listening to his symphonies
england vs usa 1-1   usa got lucky
kneaded eraser decided to stop working in a middle of a drawing   now i have a half finished charcoal sketch
just when you think life can't get better; it does   first clarinet choir rehersal tonight; can't wait!
did you order some listeria with your food?
loving this weather
lab e playful losion today
"mi manchi, voglio vedere tu presto  spero \che stai ti divertando"
so manny things to plan do     loving every moment
no lab till friday    dont know what to do with the free time 
"my music compositions are now posted on \my band \""tab as synthesized audio mp3   special thanks to <propfirst> c  p  hartmann for technical e playful ertise   sheet music for it can still be found under my website link on fb"""
intense volleyball in the rain  me and <propfirst> oppelt brought the storm down
playing brawl team battle with auto handicap against hartman and <propfirst>   starting off with 50-80 damage   at what point does this become fair?
"eyes sting from chlorine   first time in a long time that i did serious swimming though   got my form back, couple more days i'll get my endurance back"
"yesterday was jammed packed   serviced wooden clari, tennis, fam gathering, and  party"
ciao sp! sto andando <propfemale> spiagia e prendando di <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale>
everyone who is important is home for the week  day 1 with <propmale> souldier hankins
"weekly schedule is back up in the tab \my courses\""   goes into effect sept 1st   miscellaneous events should also appear if the app works as e playful ected """
"amazing weekend!! big soccer game, spent time with the lovely <propfemale> mccarthy  next day:followed by a game day; movie with the favorite friend <propfemale> partesi, and back to game movie night with the guys: <propfirst> seigel, <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> c  p  hartmann    and about the movie, \diner for schmucks\"" is the funniest thing i've seen in a long time! lol"""
"went outside today when it finally stopped raining! i've gone mad, i tell you mad!"
\one\,6d1207d56b82899207db6769d0aa3363,<propfirst> kmita is in my nutrition class!!  laugh  boy is the proff nuts 
nailed the symphony band audition!!  proff bott asked me if i ever had private lessons! and that was with 1 note taking up an overtone and 1 sloppy run   wish he could of heard me play the hard part in weber's grand duo 
"made symphony band!!  on bass clarinet? typo?  hope so, will find out soon "
6 flags tickets sold out   disappointing    
"quote of the day \this class will   k i c k   your   a s s\""  biochem lab proff """
"e playful ected to get my bass clari tomorrow  but now, i am gonna be rocking the bb!"
long day    details in comment
"\eyes with pride\"" ~ <propfirst> parks"""
thanks to my awesome friends who spammed my wall yesterday    smile 
getting the impression that music majors don't associate with non music majors   good thing i like to perform 
just sight read through <propfirst> <propfirst> der roost's sinfonia hungarica   wow!!!  laugh 
bet nobody can tell me what the dixon cycle is 
"weekend killed by pymol, and still not done   "
"night of horror, comical   morning sight reading of evil, minor, x-mass medley; amusing "
time to finally meet dr  gardner 
"you all should go to rutgers symphony band: conductor's collegium concert, free at <propmale> music center "
gratziarebbe tutti amici per avete frequantate il mio concerto; tutto uno lo 
news crew came into lab today   and turns out i may have a scheduling issue   
did you know that dna has uricil?  wow    good job nutrition professor
nothing says halloween like an <propfirst>'s family marathon   have a scary one 
"wow, just wow!!!; the surreal power of music performance   december concert is going to be amazing!!!  proff bott is truly inspirational: \the technique is subservient to the music   \"" proff bott"""
"when somebody mentions \cat box\"" and you think of the consensus sequence; you spend too much time studying genetics """
"check out my new score   listen to the mp3, and follow along in the score   comments are welcome \\http annoyed  www sibeliusmusic com index php?sm=home score&scoreid=163878"
"you should come see me perform in ru symphony band concert this thurs  8pm  @ <propmale> music center, cook douglas campus   price: free "
"concert was fun, thanks to everyone that attended "
life is like a box of reeds   you never know what you're gonna get 
pachelbel is following me  can't get away 
finding writing for stab limiting and challenging    developing complex with a limited number vioces is difficult   split parts? sure!  i will conquer!  without piano!
music obsession   somehow i find new music to use for my 700 free pages of printing    but can never find the one piece he really wants   <propfirst> copland's clarinet concerto     might as well just buy that one   
done with classes   now what   
