01f679a61793770ff988030d47b2fbf6
i'm <propmale> of the trees i'm the treemeister!
oops
interior design and such other messes    ick
is thinking of popsicles    the evil yummy kind    the evil green yummy kind  > sad 
what's on my mind?!?!?   well thanks to <propfemale> it's cookies  sad   *tummy rumble*
mmmmm salsa and tostitos in my tummy  laugh 
out of hospital   yay!  feeling a bit better    yay!    love on me?  laugh  (i will hopefully actually keep up with facebook now    i said hopefully   )
i am soooo ready for this semester to be over   
poop and procrastination   and ickyness     oh i guess that would be poop though   
i literally woke up thirty minutes ago    i hate being sick     sad 
back to nashville tomorrow    woot!  classes start wednesday!    woot?  annoyed        yeah  laugh 
class is great so far   i also have to quit my job so it looks like i really may be getting the break i need! no worries  wink 
"\i'm not a tease!  i'm just honest   i can't help it if i change my mind afterward \"""""
<propfemale> <propfemale> auville = true true love  besties yayyyyyy  love 3333
i am so blessed that i'm surprised i'm not floating    although i'm not really sure what blessed and floating have to do with one another    made sense at the time    anyways! yep  laugh 
enjoyed an incredibly beautiful day today! i squeeked at least seven times! woop!  laugh 
has ridiculous amounts to do today and then     <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d!!!!! woooooooooooooooooooo! then deep relationship discussions    antiwooooo  sad 
wishes the wait was up and that her hopes were confirmed 
"i love the world :-3 (that's a kissy face  laugh ) but seriously, if you're reading this right now i absolutely adore you, so smile   you truely are loved  smile "
south africa it is! a whole three months of awesomeness!!! (i hope  laugh )
love is in the air    for everyone!!!!     i keep running into stray hearts > sad     ( te he  laugh )
"but really though, i'm feeling amazing considering  your prayers are needed loves  not for me, but for someone deep in my heart  i appreciate it "
"how do i help? should i give you big sloppy kisses? no  tell you what a blessing you are to all? yes, and how about i also hold your head between my hands, look you in the eyes and tell you that i love you   not romantically   not even as a brother  as something deeper and more everylasting than imaginable  i'm happy love, you should be too! nothing's your fault! we all love you so   "
rehearsal again tomorrow!!!!!!! wooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
is only nineteen but feels so much older (although i know i still have so much more to e playful erience! peace corps anyone?? or perhaps simply cape town's student run community service program?? simply life!! how very beautiful  smile 
?'s <propfemale> herzig
sleeeeeepy
wishes it was five thirty already!!  sad 
also wonders what his deal is    casual flirt?    or simply doesn't care?    hmmm
wishes it was over already  limbo doesn't agree with me 
"talk to me! get to know me! tell me about you! i don't care, just say something "
so no south africa after all  sad ((((((((((((((((((((      well    at least until next semester!!!  laugh ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
would love to work with a photographer that needs portfolio images    modeling advice anyone?? i'm gonna finally take the leap this summer  specifically commercial print and shows if i meet the standard   
"so apparently i am no longer an option?? stupid boy  you should think twice and talk to me more, but like i said, stupid boys    should i draw a friggin' poster or somethin?? i know it's a long distance hun, but i really have givin you enough clues to get it by now "
or perhaps i am too young and therefore immature?? always an option that one  i must say that i feel like a crushing fifteen year old  a definate foreign feeling 
is pushing forward and hoping for a brighter today and if not perhaps tomorrow  if not tomorrow then i'll just have to keep going until my sun emerges again 
i'm getting excited for my birthday  want to know why? http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=21b1fc16
"ok, so i put up this birthday wish thing asking for everyone to donate to a specific cause for me  i would still really love it if you guys could please do that  it really is the only thing i want for my bday besides lot's of snuggles  smile  please donate  it's a worthy cause "
today is my birthday  i have only one wish: please donate to stop child pornography!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=468f1348
today is my birthday  i have only one wish: please donate to stop child pornography!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=468f1348
today is my birthday  i have only one wish: please donate to stop child pornography!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=468f1348
today is my birthday  i have only one wish: please donate to stop child pornography!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=468f1348
today is my birthday  i have only one wish: please donate to stop child pornography!!! http annoyed  apps facebook com causes birthdays 334539?m=9d55c687
hey guys! sorry it took me so long to say this but thank you so much to those who accknowleged my birthday  i had no idea i had so many people that loved me  i love you guys too  smile 
's thoughts are leaning toward pringles a the moment   
just realized that she doesn't have a date for a wedding    is this bad? oh dear 
went to the most amazing wedding today  <propfemale>!- you were gorgeous! and both of you!- i'm so excited for you guys!!!!
numnumnumnumnumnum    fooooooooood     i loooooove you  *sigh*
acting people: i have a producer wanting a spanish speaking actor  no southern accent  any takers?   
"acting people: seriously, the commercial shoot is next week  if you can speak spanish, can do the shoot, and want to get in contact with the producer i need you to let me know asap "
wants to go to shake in tha park  sad (((
need a job?! i have one for you  please facebook me for a job  laugh 
"is goin' to carthage for a couple o' days!! so if you text me and i don't text back, it isn't because i don't love you   of course i do!! it's cuz i got nooooo service  not even a bar  can everyone say yay boonies? yay boonies!!!"
"ok, so the service thing now doesn't matter anyways because i kinda left my phone at home  oops  not like i coulda used it anyway huh? oh wells   smile "
"had to break into her own apartment yesterday, is very sick    again (wtf?), and is lusting after a luscious pair of plum pumps that she will never buy (because she can't afford and really doesn't need them    oh but they are delicious!)   ha! my life is an adhd circus of perfection  how blessed am i? much more that i could ever deserve "
"loves fashion because you're using your beautiful body, no matter the size or shape, as an <propmale> display  it is <propmale> but better because you enhance it with your own beauty, inside and out!"
look at my profile pic!!!    got it?? ok    now come to the show!!!  laugh 
"hey guys, my show opens next weekend  i would love it if you could make it  it's my profile pic so look at that for info  please come!!    yes, even the carthage peeps please "
school:break  me sad hill   laugh d
will be in carthage sunday through wednesday  if ya wanna <propfemale> lemme know  wink 
i had the most amazing day with my family! how can god bless me so completely? wow 
"i'm having a great time in colorado, but now i have to catch up on my mail!!  x_x"
"also, sorry i haven't sent any pics of my hair! service is bad up here "
me as a deep redhead??
i seriously need to start keeping up with my facebook  sorry guys!  sad 
just wants to feel accepted  in the department that's supposed to be her home
kick butt dodgeball peeps!
free pizza and drinks tonight at six  i need my college friends  who wants to go?
today is my baby's birthday!!! woooooooooop!!!! happy birthday sweetheart!!!!!!!
