941a1175d01ba16e8736806b2f490739
hefu meh!
what about what?
what a ho!!
if you were laughing  and there were no h's in the alphabet  it would be aaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!
is was listen to the sounds   they were good  is wonder what kind of tree you harvest ravenwood from so i can has more!!!!
"going to sleep peoples, good morning!"
just fought the most epic space captain dule ever!
i'm hopeing that peoples capacity for int is as grand and never ending as their capacity  for ignorance 
irl
just finished mwf2! fuck yeah amazing story!
man i'm pretty!
harpy new beer!!!!!!!!!!!!!
blizzard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wtf omg woot   ol bean 
"hack ,wack, choppin that meat!"
puu dah appy <propfemale> enur duhmee!!!!
zip bop bippity bu bop
"dr  <propfemale> schlessinger is a radio personality who dispenses advice to people who call in to her radio show  recently, she said that, as an observant orthodox jew, homosexuality is an abomination according to leviticus 18:22 and cannot be condoned under any circumstance  the following is an open letter to dr  <propfemale> penned by a east coast resident, which was posted on the internet  it's funny, as well as informative:"
"dear dr  laura: thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding god's law  i have learned a great deal from your show, and try to share that knowledge with as many people as i can "
"when someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle, for example, i simply remind them that leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be an abomination  end of debate  i do need some advice from you, however, regarding some of the other specific laws and how to follow them:"
"when i burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, i know it creates a pleasing odor for the lord - lev 1:9  the problem is my neighbors  they claim the odor is not pleasing to them  should i smite them? i would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in exodus 21:7  in this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?"
"i know that i am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness - lev 15:19- 24  the problem is, how do i tell? i have tried asking, but most women take offense "
"lev  25:44 states that i may indeed possess slaves, both male and female, provided they are purchased from neighboring nations  a friend of mine claims that this applies to mexicans, but not canadians  can you clarify? why can't i own canadians?"
i have a neighbor who insists on working on the sabbath  exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death  am i morally obligated to kill him myself?
"a friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination - lev  11:10, it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality  i don't agree  can you settle this? lev  21:20 states that i may not approach the altar of god if i have a defect in my sight  i have to admit that i wear reading glasses  does my vision have to be 20 20, or is there some wiggle room here?"
"most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around their temples, even though this is e playful ressly forbidden by lev  19:27  how should they die? i know from lev  11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may i still play football if i wear gloves?"
"my uncle has a farm  he violates lev  19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread (cotton polyester blend) "
he also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot  is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them? - lev 24:10-16  couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws? (lev  20:14)
"i know you have studied these things extensively, so i am confident you can help  thank you again for reminding us that god's word is eternal and unchanging   your devoted fan,"
all that was fur the lolz
beet bot beet bot zully bully bait   
fukinmagnets!howdotheywork?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
who's celebrating today?
i only drink the blood of my enemies   and the occasional yohoo 
wishes other people could have what i have  laugh  *luckiest girl in the world*
lol last post not <propmale>    oops! thought i was logged in  ~*vanessa*~
new # message me for it
todays the party e'rybody
first episode of the super <propfirst> bros super show ends in an oddly erotic way   
"i hate it when people use that whole \fml\"" thing  it makes me so pissed i want to shoot them in the head and fuck the skull hole before the soul gets out just to keep 'em alive so i can say now whut?"""
tits
"your so easy to read ,but the book is boring me "
jolly gob what in the manner of and ol' sea rat day
happy b-day <propfemale> autumn!
do whut nao?
well this is fun an all but i think i'll just nap instead 
fappy xxx!
take a ride!!!! for your life!!!!
turra loora la  turra loora la <propfirst>!
november rain bitches!
"gimme fue, gimme fai, gimmi dabajabaza"
"shave sides of head, attach electrodes, zap  good morning "
if its possible to lol your face off i just did  i'm watching modern marvels and the subject   plane crashes 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=c9byfevggn0 its no fun guy's  lol
best supper power ever  standing awkwardly in one  place for far too long 
who want's to take me out drinking for my bachelor party festivities!?
lfm to take me out drinking for my bachelor party festivities!?
if you will just let me demonstrate 
drinking thursday on dickson  anyone have a place i can crash afterwords?
"night passes behind him but he doesn't turn to look \\the shackles and the gag will not allow it \\so far am i from caring, he says \\or do i care too much? \\for the more i give the more i must be given"
wants an abjd!
do want!!! http annoyed  www bobobie com index php?main_page=product_info&products_id=164
"nooooooo!!!!! get outta here with that watch!!! lay off the poor beavers, will ya?!? sheeeesh!!! you're a creep! go away! we were having a good time until you showed up, jeepers!!! uuuuuuuugh! go have some coffee, with cream, or something! because i'll tell you something: this is a happy place!!!!!!"
i rikey do the anime con  but now it is all gone!
finally cracked! lol
the vid is done! link soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rar imma dinysar
the project has begun 
fffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
now taking request  will do (almost) anything for a fee  it's your money and i want it now!
"with me toora loora la, me toora loora laddie\\me toora loora la and me toora loora laddie"
we found a kitten  who wants to take it in?
desu? desu  desu  desu  desu  desu  desu desu desu desu desu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
desu desu desu desu desu desu desu desu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm going to sleep desu  to much cataclysm for one day desu 
time for more desu!
i now have a serious lack of desu              
"i'm going to sleep, you damned dirty apes, desu out!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"good morning, good morning, desu, desu, desu!"
"20 may 2011, i'm ready!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
get here now nubs! party!
halpy hirrudas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
errone is posting song lyricals with the band name after  guess mine and win a prize  get it wrong and spend a nice weekend in a relocation camp  woahhhhhhhhhh oooooo ohhhhhhhhhhhhh la la woaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa   good luck contestants!
now i away  to  wow!
yaysnowdesu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where did i put it?  behind  the couch?   thar be my desu!
let us take a moment and give thanks for the desu we are about to receive!
a desu in the hand is worth two in the bush 
