e748d946577a44fa8397a11defe15f6e
good news - i'm going back to school!
leaves for michigan tonight!  happy wedding to ruthy and colm kirwin!
"michigan was fantastic!  i really miss it already, sad   but i came back with a lot more confidence about something good   !"
so bummed   
had a great day at hershey park with a good friend!
"is doing pretty good today, but a little upset"
is going to have a good couple of days   
i'm smashing baby!
somehow i got kissed on the head and tatooed two girl's ass' before the first beer
is planning his birthday party while riding up to new york city   plus doing a lot of thinking this morning   
how can so many bad things happen in one month?
starting school tomorrow   and the ravens whomping of the redskins was pretty
school was frickin' great!  i loved being around dorks like me   oh but i hate math
taking a homework break on facebook   had an interesting day: worked a mid on the patio - started out hot as hell so i was phased within 30 <propfemale>   went to gym   went back to work   within 30 <propfemale> we had tornado-like storms   phased again   total sales in my scheduled 9 hour shift: $0 
i think it would be funny if you sent a random message to your friend's own facebook friend and talked some shit like - dude i think i saw you doing crack last night   keyword: random
is finally going to a <propfemale>'s game!  mnf here we go   is this the year i actually like these thugs   ?  no - go colts   go giants 
is going to my first <propfemale>'s game tonight!
i don't even know what the gym looks like anymore
has moved!
definitely tigers    and we'll pull for the lions as well (best of the worst)
up early to study before work
"ugh, bloody tigers"
14 tigers status updates   good job everyone on networking the tigers' suckiness 
"do you ever search through profiles on facebook and wonder \what the hell is wrong with people?\"""""
"<propfirst> barkley somehow got rehired by tnt and is now drunk as shit analyzing who are the best teams in the west, \sssssan tonio spurs and laaah lakerz \"""""
"\be nice or be not!\"""""
let's go sparty!
"if someone in a store offers you assistance and they don't work there, you might live in michigan "
"if you have worn shorts and a coat at the same time, you might live in michigan - i did that last night"
i'm in a great mood!
let's go colts!  let's go colts!
"if your breathe is bad, then don't come near me!"
preparing for yet another exam on wednesday
go colts!!!
go colts!!!
go colts!!!
i've been craving ice cream since yesterday and need help!
our snow is being removed on our street!!!!
i want to know who gave me a soar throat!
is excited to use the gym tomorrow!
concert was awesome!  so many different styles of music   creative in every sense  now prepping for another final exam
"had waaaay too much going on this weekend, now i'm trying to play uber catch-up before work"
just uploaded my first two videos onto youtube!
what it is!
<propfirst>'s hot sauce plus sweet baby <propfirst>'s bbq sauce = gentleman's delight
the world is celebrating <propmale> <propmale>' birthday
in class getting props on my jump suit and choice of music
just got home from class   man   so much work to do for saturday double classes   sux   but taking a lady out for drinks and movie afterwards
"working on class paper, not wanting to go to work"
let's go state!  tip-off at 6:15pm
hoping for teo days off @ end of week so i can prepare for finals
hate my effing job  don't see much success for my two finals on saturday
who wants to go on a ski tip to co with me?  cheap rooms; skiing @ breckinridge for 2 days and party like rockstarz?
goodnight baltimore and all the friendly police cars and helicopters keeping us in a safe and drug-free school zone! i will forever think of you as the raindrops on my window on a clear spring night
"a little study, a lot of double, and a bit more study"
just a little tired today  just a little   
good luck jahmal green!
thougths following first exam: rough
exam #2: ultra rough
ugh stressful week has gotten me sick again
going to rest-up today to kick this cold
looking for suggestions on cool things to do in philly area friday night
i'm a yard nome
"i don't see how i can go through so many hubcaps  bought a new set two days ago, lost one yesterday  how does this happen?"
surprising her with phantom of the opera tickets tonight
i have the tetris song in my head
it's time to rock-out
looks like the wings will advance!
feeling pretty good about the caps loss tonight
"one jello shot, two jello shots, tequilla!"
this school week is going to be brutal!
doing lots of schoolwork   and even laying out on my roof  perfect double utilization of my time!
so the laying on the roof thing caused me a lot of redness
thinkin' about it   might do it   
"sauteed mushrooms and onions in <propfemale> oil, italian spices, and garlic salt  put that over warm tuna and provolone cheese  complimented with a <propfirst> <propfirst>'s <propfemale> wheat \\life is good!"
preakness was awesome!
a solid 13hr day @ work
tomorrow class is going to be rough   8 hours and counting down
"finals this week, get a week off and then two new classes!  exciting plans between now and then: job interview wednesday, start new bar promos in dc, brew at the zoo, soweboh!"
want to go for a run but am tired from work  staying in tonight before brew at the zoo tomorrow and another ketel one promo
it's been a good ride
just bought another cd online  you know when i do that i must be bored in class
very tired
"my weird classmate just said \anal-leakage\"""""
i just sever <propmale> péna from the new york yankees! pretty frickin sweet
here i come ocean city!
at the beach!
"yup, it was like that"
last night i served mayor <propfemale> rollins-blake  she did not pay with a gift card
on 3 hours of sleep  wish i had more time to study for that midterm that everyone failed 
glad i got the night off from work  going to get ahead on homework since i will be in michigan on thursday 
in airport getting excited for filming trailer tomorrow in michigan! (still the greatest state)
successful day of filming   back to baltimore 
we're here for you <propfirst>!
exhausted from work and heat  watching movie with lady tonight
just got endzone tickets to penn state vs  indiana at fedex field for nov 20!
"kicking back, listening to a little <propfirst> mayer and doing school work"
taking a final exam tonight  this ends my first year of grad school!
classes done for now   shooting my first commercial today!
on roof after bad $ day @ work  drinking lots of wine and watching lightning
back home in the midwest! visiting family and friends in mo
"it's been a great week in mo seeing awesome friends and family! to mirbear, treis', dad, mom, kath, <propfirst> <propfemale>, pawpaw and mcgauleys - thanks! i'll miss it"
"flying back tonight  getting drunk, i mean drinks in st  <propfirst> airport "
"went to ocean city for a quick day with ca and mare  fun! started new class tonight, but this time down in dc  yuck!"
starting to plan my birthday party   28 this saturday!
too tired to think right now
"pickled parrot friday night, 8pm  3020 <propmale> street, just off of canton square "
@ poartside celebrating
it's my birthday and i'm drunk bitch
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes - the past few days have been awesome!
all my traverse city people holla! i'm back home this week  looking to hit beach and <propfemale> out
"back to <propfemale>, sigh"
back home now getting ready for a busy week
how did i wake up with a fat lip but no abrasions?
trying to get out of the cake
"nothing is on my mind  well a million things really are, but nothing worth delving in to  nothing"
in fed with <propmale>
i got an a!
last winery of the season is upon us  is it really time for seriousness?
working things out
too much is on my mind   !
"ugh, with an extra helping of ugh!"
making changes
no matter what i try i just can't fall asleep at a reasonable time 
"ok, now i'm stressed with school   the final quiz is now a final exam now worth 50% of the grade on monday  other class: <propmale> paper and presentation due this saturday  another class: paper we thought was due next wednesday is now due sunday night!"
almost in the clear   
in the clear   might get back into the thick of it in a couple weeks 
i'm very happy today
boogers
class is dragging  need something from phone to excite me!
guess i forgot to tag a few photos
looks like i'll be in the city of brotherly love today!
watching bond and shake weight videos
cleaning   how fitting   
not too happy with michigan state dropping to 16th in ap poll  and auburn   ranked behind boise state!  really?    well   let's go colts!
"one year ago, a certain waiter met a certain nurse - and they've enjoyed each other's company ever since!"
anyone want to go to the penn state vs  indiana game with me?  or buy my tickets?
my feet are a little sore  (go tell your friends)
"working in dc today, i just felt like letting my friends know "
got most of christmas shopping and wrapping done today
touring us capitol today!
tailgating penn st  vs indiana
i think everyone passed out since there aren't any responses after a day long of drinking   so for now i'm just gonna stay in and watch a movie 
really bummed i missed the auburn vs  alabama game  for some reason i thought it started @ 7 smile 0pm 
had fun at the <propfemale>'s game this weekend
"name this character's quote: \gersh gurndy morn-dee burn-dee\"""""
<propmale> got into the michigan state police academy today! 15 year dream come true!
home in michigan!
heading to alabama for christmas
snowing in alabama!
i'm definitely not getting my paper done right now
a sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center said: 'keep off the grass '
the week was really fun!
listening to a good country mix that hasn't played in a lonnng time
prediction: green bay 24 - pittsburgh 17
pretty satisfied!
not sure how much more tired i can get
interviews tomorrow   
in search of fast food last night i drove to a steak 'n shake for a delicious butterfinger milkshake  i became so impatient (given it was only about a minute) that i just drove away  i wonder if the car behind me got a milkshake surprise?
come to find out that the burger i did get last night had a <propfemale> onion fall from it into the car  the little guy stank up the entire car!
somehow my fb hasn't been updating on my phone   looks like i'm a few days behind on messages 
