941d11efd8f9406563f723d9994121b9
is now in a human sexuality class   is that a good thing or a bad thing?
watching predator right now! its awwwwwwwwwesome      surprise 
is going to sleep now  good night everyone and i love you all      non-sexually of course   
"is wondering if graff is in segundo, doing her \business    \"""""
"now knows that graff is in kearney 4, where all the sexy ppl are (except me)  smile "
is bored and doesn't know what to do   
is crying and going emo in his mind now and promises to stay away from graff cuz she's hella pissed at him  sad 
"surrenders to graff the greatest in the \door and whiteboard war\"""""
has 69 friends now! omg 69!
cannot believe he doesn't have 69 friends anymore!!!!!
is bored again as usual      sad 
can't wait for the weekend to start cuz he's going back to benicia and be even more bored  sad 
likes the idea of farmville and can't wait to pick up his hoe and start hoe'ing away at the game!
sigh    another week of school   bored as usual    can someone make my day somewhat exciting?
got a 100% on his calculus midterm! yesssss!!!!!! all those days of poking himself in the eye in senior year's math class finally paid off!!!
"will commit seppuku with a fork at tercero's dining commons after he finishes his computer science midterm  if one does not know, seppuku = slicing one's stomach open   "
thursdays suck too much   
is wondering who is coming back to benicia for the weekend   
has lost on solitaire 27 times in a row   
also believes that hummers beat priuses anyday   
has made money and watched girls play soccer at the same time by reffing!  smile 
does not know what to do and is wondering what he should do because he has 9 hours of free time before he goes to sleep   
who the hell <propfirst> dicks in my fckin room!?!?!?!?!
has only 24 hours left until he has to turn in his 1100 word essay!!! i'm tripping ballzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
destroyed a friendship because a girl used him to gain information to insult his friend   
doesn't want the weekend to end   
asks you this question; how do guys hook up with girls so easily?!
is freaking screwed for his <propmale> history midterm tomorrow cuz he hasn't studied enough  f#ck <propmale> history i hate it i hate it i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is freaking pissed off because uc <propmale> is making him get up at 6 surprise 0am this friday to sign up for classes!!!! f#ck <propmale> f#ck my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got the classes he wanted on friday!!!! wooooooohoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to patiently wait for im indoor soccer in winter quarter   
cannot believe it's raining!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cannot believe it's not raining now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has a 1000 word essay to write and a computer science midterm to study for on tuesday!!!!!!!!!!! i'm tripping balllllz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
f___ my life i'm gonna fail my computer science midterm i hate computers i hate it i hate it i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait for thanksgiving break!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love all capsing my stuff because it is so much fun to do  sarcasm and  facepalm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
doesn't want thanksgiving break to end!!!!!!!!
left his alarm clock back at home and now he won't be able to wake up in time to go to his <propmale> history lectures (which he never really goes to them in the first place) and then he will fail <propmale> history  and he will be sad and then go emo and then punch a baby and then get in trouble and then commit suicide all because he left his stupid retarded alarm clock back in benicia!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"will tell you a story about himself  once upon a time, there was a boy named <propfirst>  he considers himself ugly  he once indirectly insulted a girl because that girl asked for <propfirst>'s weight and she got offended because she weighed more than me  then <propfirst> killed everyone with his ugliness  the end  wink "
has just witnessed an atrocity  a <propfemale> thong!!!!!!!!!!! wtf is this?!?!?! since when were there such things as <propfemale> thongs and bras?!?!?!?!
"has an announcement to make  twilight sucks  if you agree and say that twlight is like shit in a toilet, press the i like it button pleeeeze "
is a prisoner in graff and semmy's room  please help me!!!!!!
is free from graff's room of torture and pink gloves    eww those gloves make me 20% more gayer    wait   1% gayer for staring at a <propmale> on my wall for 30 days    20%    1(30) + 20 = 50     oh nooooooooo im 50% gayer now in just one month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"says that \taken\"" is an awesome movie"""
"says today is <propfemale> harbor day  <propfirst> is going to do what a friend said and dress up in a plane suit, wear a bandana with a red circle on it and run into american people   end sarcasm oh and where is the snow in <propmale>!?!?!?!? i wanted to throw snowballs at all the people i hated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  end more sarcasm"
hates how in 13 hours he has an <propmale> history final to take and he hasn't even studied for it  fuck <propmale> history fuck it i hate it it could suck my cock and i want to kill it so badly i hate it fuck my life fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck <propmale> history!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no more <propmale> history ever again in my life!!!!! oh sweet jesus im outta that god forsaken class yes!!!!!! hell to the yes!!!!!! ahhhhhh this feels soooooo gooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
on the first day of christmas my true love sent to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee       a hoe  a gardening hoe  not a girl hoe
on the second day of christmas my true love sent to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee                   a nice            big               meaty            long              (get your mind outta the fucking gutter)                                   subway sandwich!!!!!
on the third day of christmas my true love sent to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee                        wait i don't even have a true love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why the hell am i wasting my freaking time writing these up and posting these on my wall?!?!?!? oh well my true love sent me a poo flinging monkey
's first time not all capsing his wall  winter break is freaking boring 
"college sucks  bored, can't study (no textbooks atm), don't know what to do  no one made my day yet    x_x"
has just witnessed another atrocity in this world  a condom water balloon!!! it looks like a deformed boob!
has just witnessed another atrocity in this world  his human sexuality textbook!!!! there's so many things i have yet to learn!
has witnessed another atrocity in this world  2 douchebags having sex in a freaking lecture hall bathroom!!!! i wish i was that lucky guy   except not being in the bathroom and instead being on a bed   
says dicks vs chicks reversi is retarded
says he is 100% straight 
"'s new name is much sexier than his old name  press like if you agree, post useless garbage on the wall if you disagree "
my roommate said the male prostitute thing and the mind pussy thingy as well    x_x
is extremely pissed off that he is getting more gay ads left and right and is going to punch some babies 
"is now known by his \french\"" name  and stop giving me gay ads facebook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm not f-ing gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
says he is straight  now he hopes he gets straight ads and sees girls on his ad bar instead      smile 
"asks everyone to make a story about himself  the rule is that you only can use 3 words and you can't constantly keep posting 3 words after 3 words  someone else needs to write before you do  let's start       one day, there"
"asks everyone to make a straight, not gay story about himself and a hot girl   same rules apply and let's get this goin   while walking down the hall, <propfirst>"
has witnessed an atrocity! his human sexuality textbook!!!!! geez this is some bad porn    
has his human sexuality midterm coming up in 5 hours! what should he do?!?
raped his human sexuality midterm! raped it i tell you raped it!!!!
should now be known as the great one 
raped his human sexuality midterm
is gonna get raped by his math midterm on friday
"has witnessed an atrocity! multiple choice questions!!!!!!!!! i hate how 2 or more answers can technically be true and the damn question asks for the \best\"" answer! screw my human sexuality midterm!"""
has received a friend request that directed him to an online dating site  is that a bad thing?
the answer to all of life's problems     *holds up a bag of gummy worms*
"tells everyone who wants to play the story game, do so! 3 words <propmale> per post! once upon a time, there was a gallant knight named    "
oihwgihrgoihgugjibgbfjgubwjfidhgjb
fuck my chem post-lab
fuck finals week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"has witnessed an atrocity!!!!!!!!!! cake farts, pudding farts and choco teeth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gross holy shit that girl is nasty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
pudding farts
hooray health care reform bill    moar taxes    fffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
someone took a shit in the bathroom sink
shaving cream is overrated
can't wait for school to end   
"rotten egg, skunk spray and centipede    these are the flavors you don't want in a jelly bean    x_x"
is pissed off that decision <propmale> is going on 
enjoys the little things in life   
"fuck math and fuck everything related to integrals, partial derivatives and xyz graph shit   "
spreads aids around uc <propmale>
98 and 109 in bowling   terrible just terrible   
"a 37 5 150 on my math midterm    damn you better not be telling me that with a 50 point curve, i got a 37 5   that means i got a -12 5 originally   fml"
zommmmmmmbieeeeee laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> bieber sucks
enjoy the little things in life my friends   
finally reached 130 pounds on the scales! holy crap i'm fat!
has reached 5 3% body fat! success!!!!!
less do dis!!!!!!!!!!
is ready for the 3 day weekend and finals to slap him in the face 
is spending his first weekend here in <propmale>!  laugh 
's chemistry final raped him up the butt 
's first weekend here in <propmale> is almost over! it freaking sucked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"one down, three to go  let's do this psych final!"
bowled a 170 yesterday right after my crappy math finals! oh yeah!!!!
got an f on his psych final  smile 
just saw a wireless internet connection called <propfirst> lautner omg
"is it just me, or does anybody feel kinda weird that the first year of college went by fast?"
leaves for japan in 14 hours and will be back 2 weeks later! nippon nippon sugoi sugoi!!!!  surprise 
just came back from a 9 hour long flight from japan and loves being impervious to jet lag 
"has witness<propmale> a catastrophy!!!!! his uc <propmale> email account!!! he hates how 8 of the 10 new emails on his uc <propmale> account ask him to buy sex enhancement pills, sex <propmale> and viagra    "
"needs something to do for summer  any ideas? (<propfirst>, shut up; we're hanging out on monday lol!)"
is ready to go back to college now    
it's time for my serious face     > indecision 
what's lovevolution 2010 anyways? looks like a bunch of people getting together for pdas to me       annoyed 
what is it    around 44 days left til <propmale> starts up again? i can't wait     
really has to change his profile picture sometime soon    
pass 2 registration in 8 hours  fml
what? <propfirst> kardashaweghnwobeoa;hrg (however the hell you spell her last name) likes <propfirst>'s jr? who's with me in thinking she's unattractive?!
could have gotten knifed shot mugged raped by some o-town dude at a soccer game  he wanted me after the game was over      surprise 
another day of soccer reffing; ashamed that 13 and 14 year old girls managed to get away with mocking and bitching at me  the coach was a grade a douchebag; i wish i could <propfemale> him by his feet and have him violated in the ass by an angry mob of pitbulls   end rant and immaturity
has witnessed an atrocity!!!!!! piranhas 3d!!!!!!!!!!!! he wasn't sure if he was watching a horror movie or a porno    or both!!!!!  surprise 
gave a red card and sent a girl off the field for swearing  how lame    
gave 4 yellow cards today  he gave 4 yellow cards in one game today  he gave 4 yellow cards to one team in one game today  sucks to be them   and i had to give a card to a good-looking girl too     facepalm
when am i gonna take a new profile picture    ?
<propfirst> sheu should get laid by a big hairy gorilla man
i hate chemistry post-labs
"saw a fight break out between 2 girls at a soccer game today  <propfirst> (arbitrary name) proceeded to clock <propfemale> (another arbitrary name) in the face and held <propfemale> while <propfirst>'s teammates willingly beat the living daylights out of her \\have i been living under a rock, or can girls get this vicious towards each other    ?"
strawberry crepe + hash browns + scrambled eggs + milk + 2 bowls of raisin bran crunch = awesome breakfast
bowled a 133 and 135 yesterday  sweeeeeeeeeeet     
what to do; what to do on a lazy sunday    
swiggety swag what's in the bag!
referee pay day! woohoo!!!!!!
40 pages back-to-back of japanese hw done in 2 hours    geez i feel bad for my other classmates lol 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????
"second time that a group of people pushed me off of the table i was originally sitting at while i was away getting some more food  is it just me, or has proper dining etiquette been thrown out the window?"
roooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar no raisin bran crunch at the dc today!!!!!
sigh         back to square one! grrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"6 eggs, a crepe, 2 bowls of raisin bran crunch, 2 bowls of diced fruit and a glass of milk to wash it all down   mmm yeah make way for the fatty "
i do not understand why people think organic chemistry is so difficult 
i forgot my hairspray and comb back in <propmale>! noooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeahhhhh good day to be a sharks fan! sharks 5   lightning 1    free pizza at round table and dad got a free shirt!
according to urbandictionary    <propfirst> = hottest guy ever; usually used for sexual pleasure (wtfffffffff) but not in this case  my self-esteem has increased by 500%
i'm a ninja
has witnessed an atrocity! his organic chemistry molecular model <propfemale>!!!!!! geez fitting bonds in these <propfemale> holes really hurts my hands    x_x
"ke$ha's \take it off\"" is freaking catchy  enough said """
????????????????
last lab ever for the chem 2 series! saaaaaaweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet!!!!
i have recently come to terms with the fact that i am basically the coolest person to ever grace this planet  my dear friend has helped me realize this 
what's with everyone's profile pictures being all anime cartoony and stuff? is that the cool trend to follow nowadays?
jury duty 5 days before christmas  way to screw around with any potential holiday plans government    
raped that japanese final 
"chemistry final in t-minus 8 hours, 40 minutes  rape it or get raped by it? who knows?!?!?"
"woke up at 6 smile 0 today, took a more difficult-than-e playful ected stats final, ate breakfast, nearly threw up my breakfast from seeing so many birds shit on my car, drove back to apartment halfway nauseous   what a great way to start my day    "
jury duty at 8am tomorrow  fml
time to bring back that ridiculous face     
"ok so for my physics quiz, <propfemale> = 100% and i got fxqr  fml"
ok so i had 6 girls crowded around me during physics dl where all of them wanted to talk to me  talking to girls never felt so freaking awesome    
"i started, not the girl, 12 different conversations with 12 different girls  omg i've been missing out on something awesome for the past 20 years    "
"this <propfirst>'s day, i have done something that i have never done before in my life  this is one step for <propfirst>; one giant step for <propfirst>'s shyness to go away "
i got accused of stealing a child today while walking the dog back to my house  fml?
"listening to <propfemale> underwood's before he cheats gave me an eargasm  penetrating both my ears, my head e playful lodes as pure awesomeness flows out of my earphones in a constant stream  taking in all the musical pleasure, a grin comes to my face  this is as close as i have ever gotten to sex itself "
"cosmopolitan's \sexy vs  skanky\"" section = hilarious"""
