5033484dfde18024984fc9696fd3cd37
where are you going?
four new state radio cd's 
wtf is this upload failed shit?
needs an  escort to court 
says: fuck yeah! score one for me 
tango 
has no obligations tomorrow 
sideline's just went down a bunch of notches 
wishes he could not go to work and still get paid 
is on holiday 
is having a culinary orgasm 
does not want to get out of bed 
wants to become a porn <propfemale> 
pygmies 
inc mcville  call me 802-770-9302!
is taking the lsats 
is confused
needs to write faster 
soccer!
ionian <propfirst> phrygian lydian myxoldian aeolian and locrian 
needs ideas for graduate work 
state radio show thursday in b-town!
shitty 
"if <propfemale> can paint a house in 4 hours, and <propfirst> can paint the same house in 6 hours, how long will it take both of them to paint the house together?"
needs a volunteer to give the wechler adult intelligence scale 
still needs a volunteer to administer the wais to  bonus is you'll know your i q  as if a psychologist did it   
"state radio and rustic overtones, oh my!"
state radio and rustic show! woot
yes 
needs a volunteer to give an intelligence test to!
it is 70 degrees in w  rutland   
no choice but the choice 
coffee mmmmmmm
wine and groove  how utterly delightful 
needs some <propmale> cheering up 
is satiated 
owes csc way too much money for what he's getting 
lost his coffee
tempranillo and why it won't work 
ain't no sunshine when she goes away 
frifunday!
happy stuff-your-face-day!
i'm still full 
< music theory
2; music theory 5 
mad sweet pangs!
"thinks the pile of work he has to do will not teach him anything and says \less work more guitar \"" does not recommend castleton to anyone """
would join a millenial subculture if it meant he didn't have to write a paper on one 
i wouldn't mind waking up tomorrow 
c'mon school closing e-mail!
he was't beggin  he was just keepin time with his cup  you go on and believe that  you keep your eyes staight up  i was just lookin  i had no intention to touch  but i know when i'm not welcome  so i thank you very much
i don't live in a dream  i don't live in some land forgotten  i don't live on the <propfemale>  i don't pretend to make the world feel  better  i live right here with you 
can you float?
watch out for them politicos 
would love to not have choices today
needs a new life 
woke up with an empty glass in his bed  woops 
wein
is still d runk
"watch out, for them politicos!"
newcastle + wine = my most recent brillant idea
no battleship too big for your war emporium!
"hey mass holes, vote for coakley!"
my mind is dangerous!
you guys rock  love 
satiated!
you know i would come ruuunnnning- if you called my name out loud!
soul fucking live!
don't you be a passerby  
doesn't think he will dig his date with the rutland district courthouse 
your light reads red and green 
"the triplet of opacity: illusion of understanding, retrospective distortion, and the overevaluation of factual information "
"and if we were walking down a dead end street, would you be the one, to let our eyes meet?"
people to people are so unjust
||--------bm-g---d----:->
black birds and bullet holes
emancipate yourself from mental slavery and have a glass of wein 
is feeling egregious
mountain
is trying to figure out how to stop time 
perfect day for a game of soccer 
what languor 
is getting extremely excited to move out of vermont! woooot!
does not want to be home in any sense
dumpstaphunk!
steeped in knowledge i'll step from the board to the speak-easy with  my double edged sword!
where are you? you are so intangible right now 
two years in jail for what?! for driving a fucking car?! fuckkk offf   fuck this society 
has dysnomia
i am strong if you are strong 
"i'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel  -<propfirst> pratchett,  novelist (b  194 smile "
"and if you gaze for long into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you  -twain"
where did all my words go?
sometimes a song means more when you can't understand the lyrics 
hurray for malbec!
"what to do? oh, i know "
"7 letters, for all of you "
"sorry vt, i found someone better "
"ah, quiescence "
"if all exclusive religions are right and everyone else is wrong, isn't  everyone just wrong?"
perception: good for evolving or retarding growth 
it's judgement day! hurray?
has been exculpated 
the surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to  hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently  - nietzsche
"but oh god, under the weight of life, things seem brighter on the other side "
can not handle living with white trash any longer 
"\in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are  full of doubt \"" bertrand <propmale> on the dunning=krugger effect   don't you see that all of the time?"""
"in the amount of time we spend searching for the better, we miss the best in the time "
doesn't understand why society teaches history to a bunch of people who will never get the point or learn a god damned thing from it 
let it be known it is snowing in vt
everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same  oven  -yiddish proverb
"\the best engine in the world is a vagina  it can be started with one finger  it is self-lubricated  it takes any size  piston  and it changes it's own oil every four weeks  it is only a pity that the management system is so fucking termpermental \""  dr  kloepneckler"""
"like dissonance- have more consonance, and never stop "
the only way we win a war is to prevent one
needs to mow his lawn 
is done with undergrad forever 
i'm off to a great start:  first night back and theres a fire in the basement and i have no cell phone or flashlight to do anything about it  i'm not even sure the old roommates left batteries in the smoke detectors  lol 
movin' day! sianara suckers! hahahaha
anyone have a membership to the ymca?
you only lose what you cling to 
"please stop sending your prayers, and your thoughts; they are useless  if you really want to help, send your money "
does anyone know of any international programs for 'adopting' japanese families? google has failed at this search 
"a man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company  -<propfirst> evans hughes"
literally just locked myself out of my room in my undies 
"one class down, 19 to go "
"\what did they of england know that only england know?\"" rk"""
woowwww! now that is why you don't give up
wants to complete basic combat training!
"if i hear one more person complain about it being nice out, or ask why i'm reading for class, there will be one less person with the ability to complain "
<propfirst> sanders for <propmale> of u s !
"bye big j-dog, you will be missed  sad "
new ancient aliens tonight at 10 on history channel!
5 o'clock soccer at riverside!! dont be shy!
"i read the news today\and everything they say\just makes me want to stay inside and wait"
anyone have e playful erience troubleshooting a cpu install?
"hey! look on the bright side, at least we aren't burning down are own cities  yet "
my life rocks
anyone else have problems with the droid 3 not charging?
"hah the customer on oddities just said \i used to really be into poop \"""""
soccer at riverside!
i'm in need of some tupperware! anyone?!
to the next semester! if only it will be as great as the first!
how the hell do you lose in words with friends when you have over twice their score and the last 7 tiles left?! hack! 342-168?!
anyone want to go to the gym later?
the very innocent <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> is set to be executed by the state of <propfemale> on september 21st  gg guys
newamerica3 com is a disturbing video lodged in the back of my mind 
anyone going to see twiddle tonite?!
