5f19fe564f8057741c215e1500f90368
"i was walking out of the theater from watching sherlock holmes and saw a very tall lad about my height and thought to myself \dam hes tall           \"" took me about thirty seconds to realize that i was that tall to """
wow i completely forgot about facebook      anywho i made it back safe and sound not that im vibrating or anything that would create sound but well i guess     yeah      i got up early  anyone really that happy to have school start?
its going to be a loooooong day today x x
"mountian dew, super smash bros, 2 in the morning, ahh life is grand "
i think that being on wipeout would be alot of fun  we should have a school event like that 
if love has no anger how come cupid keeps shooting people with arrows? that seems like a very angry thing to do 
just finished the first of two bible projects  now to write a 2 <propfemale> book report       yay
has decided that halo although as fun as it is should not be played to the wee hours of the morning 
how can the people on american idol think they sing? they sound like they are having their vocal cords being thrown through the proverbial blender  and for that matter should have their vocals sent there so they cant torture anyone else with their horrible singing 
just finished cutting 30 blocks of cheese 4 times      if i never smell cheese again it will still be to soon     i dislike (with a burning passion that is equal to or greater then the strength of the all the suns in the most vast universe that is ponder-able) school 
they are throwing the bloody food!!!! how would you like it if we came to your wedding and threw mash potatoes?   i love comedy 
"staying up till 2 in the morning, not the wisest decision, but definitely the funnest  hidalgo, captian <propmale>, and super smash bros yeah it was fun!"
just got monster <propmale> 3  soooo stocked  looks amazing!!!!
the play is over  well atleast till tomorrow!
"it was beige  well maybe an off color white, i still cant tell     so im gonna go with beige  definitely "
gets to go to walla walla tomorrow to <propfemale> out with my cousins and sister! boo-yah!
"has decided to go with a buzz cut     haven't had short hair in awhile, back to my beginnings, fun "
"well the deed is done, and i look damn fine if i do say so myself, and i do "
just finished helping make quiche  gueche? what ever    now to get ready for tomorrows class day 
"so im watching dancing with the stars, (dont judge me) and they bleep the part where one of the dancers goes f*** but they don't when he goes son of a b*****  anyone else notice that?"
"for those of you in bible class, don't forget that final projects are due tomorrow "
is thinking about the asb president speech   so many things to say and yet so little time    *le sigh*
just finished his spanish final    which means only one final to do tomorrow 
"i just watched 5 minutes of the spanish channel we have, a guy was taken onto the stage surrounded by scantily clad women then song to by a fat woman, he then started singing back only to be squirted by a squirt gun by a midget in a clown suit, which when the squirting didn't stop the singing took the gun bashed a lock which allowed 2 midget wrestlers to go tackle the singing man      wtf"
when you make someone stop what they are doing so you can watch under half of a movie that you havent seen and then spend the rest of the movie complaining that you dont know whats going on     then you are a sob 
"just finished zombieland, and wow that made my week  defiantly gonna watch it again sometime "
went and saw predators today  that was an awesome movie  although it was alittle sad to only see people over 50 in the movie theater  and no im not kidding 
the truth is irrelevant  perception is everything 
"fun fact of the day  the sun <propfemale> at 4:16 in my neck of the woods, and had set at 8 smile 7 "
"so my sister had her car broken into  but since its a piece of crap there was nothing to take but some quarters  so as she is leaving the room after e playful laining this to me she leaves with the statement, \i'm not that peeved that someone broke into my car  i'm peeved they didn't steal my car!\"""""
it's 2 in the mornin  yeah its time for a resident evil marathon 
school starts monday and i have to drive 5 hours to get home and what do i forget to bring? my wallet     go me!
"your mumbling words but i can't hear anymore, you're totally entertained but i am absolutely bored  to the sharks with your conversation and see what they say \have had this song stuck in my head all day "
why is it that im finding more fun playing a game created in 1996 then a game created in 2010? did we lose the ability to understand what fun is?
"is \frustrated\"" that the government thinks they will be able to control the internet when the top engineers and computer techs in the world are telling them they cant """
"sooooo i need to pack for senior survival      but instead went to watch guardians of gahoole, and now feel that it was the right decision  as i look at the bags i have left to pack     "
sooooo      sat tomorrow     joy to the world     
was it monday or tuesday that <propfemale> bio project is due?
seniors get your money in tomorrow!!!!
seniors don't forget your money tomorrow! haven't i said this before?
time for the 4page fun to begin  thank you who ever came up with random name generators i'd kiss you but i cant seem to find you 
"as an evil overlord i will add indelible dye to the moat  it won't stop anyone from swimming across, but even dim-witted guards should be able to figure out when someone has entered in this fashion "
on my drive home from school i saw 2 police cruisers and one bomb squad vehicle     oh my 
realized i don't have school tomorrow  so happy   smile 
anyone care to enlighten me on what exactly we are supposed to do in bible? cause what i thought we were supposed to do isn't what i think were supposed to do 
"yo mama so fat when she jump in the pool her splash attack actually does something, i laughed "
"okay english 4 heres your choices for me  white supremecy,the pc line,animal cruelty, or immigration  choose wisely "
"okay so i can bring salsa tomorrow, but some one else has to bring the chips "
"so i'm sitting here rewriting my english essay and only one thought is going through my mind,\\\i'm going to hell for writing this \"""""
"isn't feeling good, so i'm not going to school tomorrow  yay?"
"oy, what was due today? thanks "
sooo i might have broken a bone     that aint good 
"hah it aint broke, just sprained "
"after talking about how its better to make people feel better then sad \\me: my mother told me to always tell the truth \\mother: i want to amend that!"
"change of plans im not going to school tomorrow, just drivin "
where the hell went my vacation?!?!?!?
"someone needs to bring super smash bros brawl to matts, cause i cant find mine "
