fab34b5fa1c62969919b9768b5cd05f5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
annoyed as fuck right now
growing impatient
is enraged beyond comparison 
"kyle: a generous, outgoing guy who goes out of his way for his friends  can be sweet and caring towards people, he has a laid back and calm approach  truthful, gullable, lovely and sexy  can be a bit of a stress head at times, can also hold grudges for a long period of time  nice to get to know, easy to fall in love with "
"ignored for snow-_-\"",2010-02-06 03:48 smile 4""",fab34b5fa1c62969919b9768b5cd05f5,is saying fuck school and coming home to settle things
spending valentines alone again  fun fun
"single and hating every minute of it  why is it that females think males are heartless bastards, but they're the cruelest when it comes to leaving you "
"quick! to the batmobile, <propfirst>!  holy cinderblocks batman! your car's been jacked!"
"why must people keep grudges over a course of several years  i used to, but i fail to see the logic anymore "
"funny how people are friends one day, then next they don't speak to you anymore "
"rebel souls, deseters we are called  chose a gun and threw away the sword "
"the child inside hasn't died  he decided to play hide and seek, but that fucker is too good at hiding "
"well, already dug the hole, might as well burry myself "
"i just want to rip my heart out, stick it in a chest, weld the chest shut, attach some serious weights to it and drop it in the ring of fire "
people fear what they don't understand      is this why i am always greeted with hostility? well good for me  let the hate me laugh 
what must i have these emotions? they are pointless and make one weak  i shall build my wall again and not let it come down again 
stupid ass cheap plastic shit  you always break 
kickin ass and taking names on ffxiii  nothing shall stand in my way! mawhahahahahahahaha
"ah, arrived in grand pulse with behemut^^"
"gah, i need a break  ffxiii has creatures that step on me  laugh  i can't get away from being short can i?! lmao"
"ah, i simply love the first spring rain  helps me sort through my mind  all i need now is some alone time and i think everything will once again return to normal "
"live by the sword, die by the sword "
"is tired of hearing about zombies     like there isn;t enough mindless people around, we have to pretend to be mindless? enough zombies, get with the wolves  at least they can hunt correctly laugh "
building a base for a potential business isn't all that hard laugh  just have to know the right guys to get you in with the farmers^^
"thine eyes of emeral,  with lips of <propfemale>  hair of gold and skin of dimond  thy heart of saphire and soul of onyx  whom ever is chosen shall be the richest of all "
"yes, mythical creatures stem from human persona and the zombie persona just proves that when in a group, people lose their sense to think rationally and will destroy everything eventually "
highlight of my day? polished my boots  woot!
in the end we all are just chalk lines drawn on the concrete only to be erased 
"gah! i hate giving advice when they don't want to heed it  they think they know better than someone who has been through it before -_-\ i'm done """
one word today  dumbass
*bangs head on keyboard* damn asura realm is kicking my ass  i just defeated the char and norn in less than 3 hours but these damn creepers are kicking my ass!
"gah, 358mb update for vista    wtf are they fucking with now?!"
"decent day  didn't get to see my friend as planned, but rode quads with another instead "
tired of this life  damn being single and those who caused it!
hoping to meet someone soon to make me forget her completely 
"\never shall innocent blood be shed  yet the blood of the wicked shall flow like a river  the three shall spread their blackened wings and be the vengeaful striking hammer of god  \"""""
if one more person says happy birthday to me i'll have their liver with faver beans
haha! i has my tattoo    <propfemale> needs finished
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nyu73qpckjq
good day today  played baseball and accidently broke <propfirst>'s phone in a linedrive    ah well
mmm    very very good day^^
sleeeeeeeep
ok    2 hours sleep and back up for more
yes! job interview tomorrow mornin for welding job! mig and tig!
"my day started out really fucking good, not so much anymore  waiting on a friend to get on to talk to "
yes! i now have my paper and pens again  time to get artsy with names 
gah! woke up this morning to being bitched at  wtf man  now i come home to the hostility  this had ought to be a good night 
how is it that knot braiding hemp takes over 6 feet to end with 3 feet of braid?
"\eat your cerial with a fork and do your home work in the dark\""--hhh"""
time to get the stuff for mead  i have the stein for it^^
"off to bed  run errands for mom, go see grace and head across to sullivan for the weekend  maybe goin to a castle sunday  we'll see "
"ever fought sleep just to talk to someone? ever thought you couldn't do something then did? ever found someone who will accept you for who you are exactly, no string or stipulations?"
if man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known    - <propfirst> c  <propfirst>
is not happy  just shattered a sword 
hates it when good days go to shit  is now making some flat bread  *crosses fingers
woo hoo! moving right along on mag!
"sleepy hollow, book, pizza, and silence  damn near a perfect day "
we fired our canon until our barrel melted down so we grabbed an alligator and fought another round
"witch, do this for me: find me a <propfemale> made of longing  then cut it sliver thin, and having cut it, <propfemale> it high above my beloved's house, so that she may look up tonight and see it, and seeing it, sigh for me, <propfemale> or no <propfemale>  -<propfirst> carrion "
is wanting to start a loose knit medieval based re-enactment group thing   laugh  who needs a renfest to walk around in breeches and a cloak?
woot! exaliber and a spanish broad sword to add to collection  laugh 
god i feel like shit  i guess calling and harrassing people isn't in my nature 
yes! employed in my field at long last!
mmhhhmmm    up at 5 to go to work    damn this is begining to get real
all work and no play    wait   my work is play! damn robots
"so far, so good  work is workin out lol  get paid weekly   sweetness"
working full time and coming home to fix things    god damn good thing i have no kids to deal with  htf did the parentals do this shit?
two false scimitars+ one true scimitar+ one bastard sword+ one jester broad+ 2 spanish swords+ one double bladed midhandle + one defender of the dark= one hell of a start
"fuck the weather-_- i love rain as much as the next guy, but on the day of a grad party-_-"
second cloak to be made  fur outside with forestry brown interior    reversable? maybe   
hmmm    cloak half done  now need to make lining    fuck    glad for surgers!
tizona? spanish version of the excaliber? how the hell do i aquire these blades of legend?
"cloak  is it 3 4 done or 2 3? i have no idea, but i'm being made to go to bed    "
finally! furry cloak done  lol    now for scout ii project  laugh 
<propfirst> <propmale> replica blade fails at being a true claymore  more the size and weight of a medium broadsword 
just messed with <propfemale>  she is an unbroke mule that we caught and saddled within an hour  she is so easy goin^^
nightmare!
spooky mules and gravel don't mix well  poor <propfemale> went down and got scraped up 
there's just one thing i wanna know  how's that damn three sea-shell thing work?
"new belt, yes! new wolf belt, even better! new wolf belt with wolf buckle, excellent!"
wtf is up with crappy movie endings in cool movies?!
can i do anything right this week? no! didn't think so  shut up  ok
"it'd be a boring life to know everything because everything would cease to amaze you and you'd never know what it islike to wonder  it is the <propmale> that is most important in life  though we may accomplish alot in our short lives, humans will alway shave adrive to discover more  i am glad i shall never seethe day when man has nothing more to discover but his own ignorance in knowledge "
nothing like nearly slitting your calve open to tell you that you're out of practice in exercise
feeling like a stranger at home now
needs a non-dead end job
"time for another night's sleep that isn\tlong enough """
"freedom is a lie, for with freedom comes responsability, which in turn ties us all down "
hates purdue pedestrians
listening to the witcher sound track
rottweiller!!!!
i hate getting pissed off at nothing 
"new job needed? yes, i think so "
"4 9s and an 8, fuck this shit"
"so long loki, back to his real home"
has lost his phone     somewhere in the drive     
is looking for a sparring partner  will provide a spanish tazona for use 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=n8ywuxqfesg
re:afterlife less than 24hours from now!
re:afterlife at 5
bored as fuck    no one online
where are all the <propmale> teaching schools?!
misplaced my life on hard drive   
sword fights!! gotta get printer w  scanner running to load them
early morning riverbed sword fight? yes!
damn rookie cut my finger open  *dulls sword
just loves when friends decide to be petty and end friendships over stupid ass shit 
sometimes i wonder why i even bother 
good weekend  met good ppls 
you should not drink and bake
"ok, netflix has d  gray-man in english    i'm in trouble  plus rain sucks when you have plans to work outside"
"everytime i try, it gets shot right back in my face  why bother?"
finally! got everything done for my english class for once!
"crowded streets are cleared away, one by by one, hollow heros seperate as they run "
"t-bone steak, baked potato, really full stomach "
blood thirsty little beasts  never trust a duck 
really needs someone to spar with  got too much pent up issues that call for a physical outlet   
i hate scholarly journals and all their fancy smancy shit  why doesn't any scholarlary journal have articles over multiple personality disorder or even psychophrenia?! i need a good topic to write a paper about by 5 this evening so i can write my paper by midnight! damn you journals!
rain!!!
wtf?! halloween is the 31st! not the 30th! don't wish anyone a happy halloween the day before! do you celebrate christmas a day early simply cause its on sunday? no!
nothing like a mule ride at night to stretch those tense lower back muslces  it was refreshing even if i did spend have the time spining in circles lol  laugh 
growing tired of the feeling of being ignored 
has his hp7 ticket for midnight!
off to see the movie!
late night forging a warped sword back into shape
ever felt like someone is purposely not telling you something?
"wow, haven't really been on here lately and it funny what goes on when i'm not  i don't even have any plans to start getting on much more either hahahaha"
"on a hot summer night, would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?"
yay for books for school
"the secret side of me, the side i never let you see  i keep it caged but i can't control it  so stay away from me, the beast is ugly  i feel the rage and i just can't hold it "
"sing once again with me, our strange duet  my power over you grows stronger yet  and though you'll turn from me, to glance behind!"
nothing like nfl    and it has nothing to do with football
"pay it forward in 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must, in turn, post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 "
"why is it so hot in here?!?!?!?!?! oh, maybe its caus eof the fire    heheheh  gotta love wood stoves heating powers"
i just got a lot of metal fo $10  i love my connections 
should probably be asleep but is refusing to
damn hickory is a bitch to split!
thunderstorms+tin roof= loud damn noise at night= little sleep 
so    bored enough to be making weapons out of pretzels    
"so, new mule in today and my plants are sprouting from the dirt  looks like it gonna be a good day tator "
"hell yeah, my zombie apocolypse group would be good  \<propfemale> stanifer\<propfemale> howard\<propfirst> whitehead\mckensie timms \tesa keen \\2 cheerleaders, one sister, a friend, and an ashes! can anyone say mass destruction with extreme flexability?"
koa is awesome  some wicked blades for really nice prices! thanks to mr  <propmale> and forge for enlightening me of their presence 
"so, i'm looking to make a single post pavilion  now for the hardest part  figuring a canvas cut list"
is going to pick up his new (used) anvil tomorrow morning and then set-up a plasma cutter for a new friend afterwards   laugh  kickass day
"when one door slams shut in your face, check you nose to see if its broken before looking for a window to break into "
"so, now i have two small holes in my scalp from a flying lesson   laugh  why do i find this ammusing  maybe its the head ache"
"well, now i have the hair of a celt after a run in with their first lye e playful eriance  playful "
nothing like making use of a nice day to burn wood debris and make it feel like its 100 degrees out  laugh 
joy oh joy    paintball plus humidity equals poor vision
follow the 3 essentials  1 sad onfront it  2:be truthful  and 3: sleep with your back against the walls
"well, for 27 bucks, i got a lifetime warrenttied blacksmithing hammer and tacking hammer   "
anybody got some tartan fabric lay about? lmao  that shit is like gold!
"off to see the blacksmith    because because because, the wonderful fires  laugh "
is growing really pissed off at my ebay purchase 
in the process of sketching out my helm for reenactment  side view is done in ink   laugh 
"ever had one of those moments where you're reading about how to do something and you want to put the book down and go do it? yeah, i have one of those now and i am royally irked cause i can't "
i love being a grad from a welding class  just got my materials for my helm!
"so, now i have a few damn good books over blacksmithing and the pattern-welded blades    one problem   still waiting on my damn forge!"
so far my day has been very disappointing 
it has arrived!
"so, spent about an hour hammering a piece of high-carbon steel into the blank of a knife and the arm i use to hold the tongs is whats sore    wtf"
