310ed80c4c96f015e7528f1287203a6c
it's really not starting to be a good year  hopefully the rest is better 
i think i have the best family ever! just saying   love 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars i could really use a wish right now  love 
so a piece of wood stabbed me at work and my manager looked at me and laughed   then said it was funny and to suck it  up    haha i love my job
"you make me smile l<propmale> the sun, fall out of bed, sing l<propmale> a bird,dizzy in my head, spin l<propmale> a record, crazy on a sunday night, you make me dance l<propmale> a fool, forget how to breathe, shine <propmale> gold, buzz l<propmale> a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild   ohhh you make me smile  love  i love that song so muchh  it was playing l<propmale> all day at work today "
soooo ready to blow stuff up!!!!! :b
wwwoooooowwwwwwwwww   
in the morongo dorms  smile 
so cal state is pretty much amazing 
"so i'm sick, tired and my voice is gone     but this week was sooooo worth it  smile "
i really don't want to go to work
grrrr    
"so, i'm playing angry birds with <propfirst>, and we are getting wayyyyyyy to into this game  haha"
so i've been getting called trouble all day   haha
i love it when people throw stuff at me when i'm at work    it just makes my day so great  boo
\i'm overboard, too far from shore\310ed80c4c96f015e7528f1287203a6c,so my car is getting fixed   and i'm stuck home until like 4     this feels wierd  
so pretty much lost my balance and caught myself in mid air     haha yes!
getting to see vampires suck today!! soooo excited
got to watch someone get suspended    the most sketchy thing i've ever seen at work    haha
    sad day  sad 
ohh my  
so i've just been convinced    blackberry's are better then the iphone   
worst headache ever     
pretty much the worst day at work ever  
when your life becomes like a <propfemale> song    you know your in trouble    haha
"parking pass 84 00\books 440 00\time spent crying priceless "
so i'm driving to work in horror movie fog    and i was like great    i'm going to be the first one killed
summer is over   sadness 
i love love love love college  smile 
texts from last night    oh how you entertain me 
why can't books <propfemale> themselves?
"dear heat, please go away  thank you "
"13 hour day at school yesterday, 9 hour day today, but got to come home to chipotle    that makes life sooo much better"
it's actually going to be semi-cold today! this makes me happy
"a big group of men in suits, <propfemale> packs and cameras are walking around campus    odd"
sitting under the air vent in biology is bad    very bad 
not to self    bring umbrella
"watched a guy get kicked out of class, then threatened to get the campus police called on him   it was pretty amazing  if only all of her classes where that interesting"
i vote for nap time 
"\people can't see eye to eye with you if your looking down on them \"""""
likes pie
note to self  never give computer to friend while logged into facebook  haha  smile 
i need to go to sleep    but i don't want to move    grr
anchor blue is at my school    and it's all half price    to buy or not to buy    grr
naps in yoga are amazing
there is just something beautiful about wednesday nights   smile 
"had an amazing day at school  great day at work, went to prayer night and sat on the grass with lexi trout and got attacked by sprinklers    pretty good night  love "
i have no idea where my life is taking me    but i'm loving the ride  love 
so there are these code blue emergency things all over campus with big red buttons     and i just want to push one to see what happens  
made it through the day without pushed the code blue button  it was hard 
this guy came and yelled at us all to get under the tables at 10:21     lame  
is stuck on bed rest      this sucks
gahhh     still all messed up    imma have to call off tomorrow  sad 
why is it so cold????
my kinesiology teacher just asked us if any of us were psychic and could tell about past lives    she said she would pay us to come to a party at her house  ohhhh wow 
is not having a good day 
i almost got blown over    i think i need someone to walk me around campus before i fall haha
so there is this creepy guy walking around with white sicks and sandals giving his card to girls and asking if they need math tutoring   i think i saw like 5 people try and dodge him  haha
loves scavenger hunts with lexi trout  my voice is gonee now  haha
dear police men  thank you for continuing to <propfemale> me down 
<propmale> frey is the most amazing person in the world!   (this is not <propmale> typing this at all  playful  )
thinks people need to stop hacking her facebook    just saying
work was err   and got off to a flat tire   fantastic day 
is not handling this well at all  i can't sleep   sad 
not really wanting to go to yoga  boo 
thinks the people that have school today are lamee   smile 
"hour 4 of being home alone   paper done \on to other homework    "
"hour 5 \i give up on math \end of story "
"kinesiology done \finally"
"yoga extra credit done, now just to look at what to register for and study for the midterm   :b"
"last lab of the quarter!!!!!!  laugh \wow that went by fast  love "
this guy is sitting infront of me doing his home work with 2 computers   woooowww
i already just want to go back to sleep
in n out  love 
i have no <propfemale> when i'm sick 
grrr   
someone needs to make me feel better 
being sick plus a final  this won't be good haha
i hate feeling like this  sad 
girls just bother me at times   i mean grow up 
yoga final  
i don't get it    
 sad 
had nightmares all night long  sad 
50 50 on my final    yesss!
i would just like to say  i love my daddy he rocks!!!!!
"so my math teacher said we could use one <propfemale> of notes for our final  which he went over    so, i've basically fit the whole thing on one <propfemale>  is that wrong? haha"
"send me a number 1-1,000 in my inbox and that number will represent you then i'll say something about you on my status  smile "
#7  i think you're trouble  but your cool anyways! haha  smile 
#3 i can definitely say you the one that always has my back  love 
#12 you're a creeper  haha just kidding! your pretty cool!
#83  so you're awesome! and we need to really get on that list before we forget! girl time  smile 
#626  you are the most blunty honest person i know  anytime you name comes up i think about you throwing stop watches at people and making freshmen cry  haha best <propfemale> ever   smile 
#234 you have an awesome beard!  smile  haha
#44 my soar <propmale>! i'm glad we have math together so we can suffer through it! it would be nice if you actually came to them all tho! haha i'm sad we don't have classes together this quarter! :b
#303  ahhhh!! so you are so much fun to talk to! you are the most energetic person ever and it's contagious! we need to go shopping  love 
#007 you're the best hugger ever!! and we need to <propfemale> out again before you leave!
"#25  oh gosh where to start! you are crazy and i love you!!! but you understand my crazy side sooo much  annndd talk sense into me when i need it    which is a lot! you have opened my eyes to sushi and it has changed my life forever  and we have our \adventures\"" that i will never forget   and knowone should ever know about! haha i loveee you!!!"""
#967467536560587534378   wow thats a long number! but um you're pretty amazing and you fix my compter when i break it or don't know what to do with it haha  you always make me smile and i would like you like 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 times better if you would shave  love 
#1  i can definatly say i got my sense of humor and most of my looks from you  haha i love you!
"well   isn't today just wonderful \someone make it better?"
today is just awful 
last final this morning!  love 
sleeping in until 12   ohh how i have missed these days   smile 
"\  and my weakness is that i care too much \"""""
went to bed at 5 woke up at 11  yeah today is good so far haha
ice skating was amazing! even tho <propmale> frey fell on me   :b
it's official   i think i'm going to die 
pie making with <propmale> frey   love 
"\who through the ham??\"""""
is kinda done trying 
oye 
i love my friends     and my dog  they are kinda amazing 
someone should help me sleep  cuz it's not happening
why am i up so early???? whhyyyyyyy 
"\thank you god for the fleas\"""""
"i think it's going to be a very good night!  laugh \\ love "
"life's not a snapshot, it might take a little time but you'll see the bigger picture "
"dude!!!! it's like scoobydoo      but better \i love nights like these "
"day with lexi trout yeahhh, that'll make my week better  love "
i don't know how much more of this i can take   
"got hit in the face by lexi trout    i can't feel my nose!!!!!!!!\jerk!!"
i am number four looks amazing!
actually got to go to church today  love  i missed it  then sushi with lexi trout  love 
almost got rear ended by a cop    really? that couldn't have been good 
"so i'm in my history class and the professor before forgot to take off his mic so we could hear him talking to all these random people then all of a sudden we hear \oh crimp buckets!!! i knew i forgot something!!\"" \",2e18e9396496560d800f185e1d6 laugh 16d,is not a fan of summer school 
