4e1b0c64f4a888c7db436fcf8a5a036e
i broke the seal      lame      
ugh i am so irritated      no im pretty much irrate      
ughhh sluts    
<propmale> n cheese is the dankness
today is a sad day    i love my family     
o why me?
i am still shocked it happened  and now i dont know what ill do
big sigh       another day
no one can understand how incredibly hard this is
is excited to see my aunt today
i hope the psychic will be insightful
car troubles ruined the psychic      how disappointing
25 weeks!
dumb and dumber is still hilarious everytime i watch it
ugh word of advice      never have a baby daddy
i think my plan is working
i wish i had food      ha ha
i just saw my belly move! its kinda freaky but amazing
omg work sucks! two more hours thank god
ugh i feel like shit today
ugh who gets a fever after they feel like shit all day and throw up? this blows
why am i always so tired when i never do anything?
i can barely eat anymore       it sucks
i really dont want to go to work     
nothing i say will make a difference anyways so why should i even bother?
fuckin flat tires!
its so weird having people tell me happy mothers day      lol
ugh i work with bitches
what a crazy day its been
this blood glucose test is making me feel kinda icky      bleh
fuckin acid reflux
dammit i have to go take a second glucose test
i wish these people would hurry up i am starving
glucose test number 2     
i really just wish things could be the way they used to be     
yay i dont have diabetes! i was worried
tickle me pink tonight!
"is life just a bunch of choices; or are we on a roller coaster of fate,  on which no matter what we choose, we end up in the same place anyways?"
dam i havent heard pop lock n drop it in forever ha ha
omg the spice girls are on the radio ha ha that just made my night
i wish he would just make up his mind already
moving is exhausting
ugh theres so much to clean      guys are pigs
<propfirst> actually did all the housework i asked him to do today      am i lucky or what! lol
stupid rockies tacos     
ugh its already been such a crazy day and its not even close to being over
so i am officially moved out of my apartment
i wish i was out camping with everyone instead i get to work and clean the house its a disaster      lame!
i hope <propfirst> comes back today i miss him
payday! and i start school tonight im so excited
is excited for school at is so tired from typing
great first day and i got all my homework done      im so happy
is in bed with a fever  indecision 
is irritated  someone is lying when its like whats the point but fuck it
jerks these days     
another awesome night at school      and i resisted the urge to procrastinate on homework     man i am good
seriously? he did it again      its so frustrating
ugh today is going to be non stop  work then school      i might die
o no i just heard on the radio that <propfemale> from the <propfemale> girls died!
its just so frustrating      this time it has to be intentional and just shows what you really care about
this should be interesting
dont you hate it when stupid boys do something cute to make up for it?
it feels so good to find the strength to put my foot down and say i am not going to take this anymore
finally got a new phone! yay
back to school      back to school      lol
i dont think ive ever been this disrespected in my entire life
happy fathers day to all the dads out there
ugh its such a long day i dont know how ill survive
34 weeks! omg theres still so much to do
"give of your honest opinion of the name \arlo\"""""
my feet always hurt it sucks
waiting for midnight for eclipse      its taking forever
omg my birthday is in two weeks      i thinking of having my baby shower that day      let me know if you want to come
im sad that i dont have school until september  but im so happy i did so well
ugh i feel sick      baby shower july fourteenth       
is excited for my vacuum and now i get to go buy baby sheets
to all the people who decided to have taco <propfemale> for lunch today      you are a shitty american
o my god the clock is ticking and nothing is done     
just watched the fireworks with <propfirst>       it was adorable
everything went good at the doctor today  im getting excited
baby shower! wednesday at my house at 5 let me know if you need directions or anything
36 weeks! its so crazy      and theres so much to do
i really really dont want to work today
how sad is it that ill be 21 in less than an hour and i am straight sober
so i go to the liquor store and she doesnt even id me      its so disappointing  it takes the whole point out of it
thanks for all the birthday wishes
i cant believe i went to downtown <propmale> at six this morning and got back in time to work at nine     
i love it when arlo gets the hiccups lol
<propfirst> set up the crib last night and i just but on the bumper : ) i am ready for this to be over my feet and ankles are huge! lol
i kinda wish i was on mandatory bed rest so i could have an excuse for laying in bed all day and doing nothing
man i am so done being pregnant already  arlo needs to hurry and finish cooking already lol
yay! doctor today      i am weird but i love going and seeing how little arlo is doing
being in the hospital sucks and i just want a cigarette
im getting out but im being put on home rest  guess i should be careful what i wish for next time
i think <propfirst> is nesting lol its cute
is anxious to see what the doctor says and what the ultrasound can tell us  plus i can see what he looks like : )
yay everything went good at the doctor today
im going to have a baby next week  i really dont need to deal with this right now 
ugh everything is so stressful  i wish i could just relax 
blood pressure was really high when i tested it at walmart  lol i hope my appt goes ok tomorrow 
i love baths
im a little worried about my appointment today
ugh bed rest for another fuckin week      awesome
crack whores and their drama  its just ridiculous 
im soooo ready to be un-prego
why cant i just go into labor already?
god at this rate arlo will never have to wear the same thing twice lol
guess where i am right now?!
this blows lol
almost dialated all the way! finally      lol
wow that was insane  but i finally had my baby! little arlo is here  i just wish they would bring him back to me lol
o how i love my baby : )
yay! i get to go home today!
damnit stupid blood pressure      i might not get to go home after all      this blows
still in the hospital  it fuckin sucks 
thank god i got out last night  i couldnt stand to be in the hospital any longer
i love my baby : )
arlo had his first real bath today  surprisingly he didnt even cry really  i was amazed 
im feeling incredibly lazy today
beer has never tasted so good     
stupid car      not again     
wow its funny how everyone from middle school still looks the same ha ha
okay     so i finally got his pics up    go look
it was so good to hear from my brother  i miss him
its lookin like a road trip      horrible occasion but ill be happy to see my family
god i hate nebraska sooo much     
im in a land with plenty of corn and drama      should be a fun trip
well that was an interesting trip     
i get so bored with all this down time  in sure ill miss it when i start work and school again      its gonna be rough 
gosh     
im either getting ppd      or life just sucks that bad     
im craving some lemon bars       mmm
this town is so lame!
i love snuggling with arlo      he is so cuddly
awesome      there is a cricket in my bedroom somewhere     
what i love best about being home alone      peeing with the door open lol
going to pitchers tonight      woohoo lol
i need to go to the dmv tomorrow  does anyonne know exactly where the new one is located?
just got my schedule and books! im super excited to go back to school     
i love my snuggle <propmale>  smile 
o man im at the dmv and its looking like a solid 3 hour wait     
does anyone know how much it costs to renew a license
dont you find it hilarious when people still have mullets? especially women      its like come on people get with it  that was never cool     
everyone is leaving so now i im stuck here in this shit town by myself     
sigh      im so not ready to start work tomorrow after two long months of laziness
o no! its my first day back at work and it has to be stupid rockies tacos      what did i get myself into?
work isnt so bad  i miss arlo though      at least my mind is busy most of the time     
im effin bored  hit me up
gotta love these 4 am feedings     
just waiting to start my closing shift       o joy
yay car!
boo car boo
i know the stupid roots and shit like the back of my hand      as long as i dont have to know the specific conditions i am going to rock this test
im and killing these  tests left and right      i an amazing myself
im am killin these tests left and right      i am  amazing myself
"\adults\"" talking shit to each other on facebook      priceless"""
just got my implanon      yay no more babies for me!
aww my baby is getting his shots today       : (
oh the joys of waiting in the e d 
"im wondering if its awesome or sadly pathetic that i already read the first two chapters in my new textbook, putting me like a week ahead when i havent even started class yet?"
"you have to love when your new neighbors have an unsecured wireless connection, and therefore, you have free internet      "
study study study
i hate being home all by myself
im super excited to see my brother
so i just went to turbo tax and used the refund estimator      woo hoo i cant wait for my refund lol
leave it to colorado to be seventy degrees one day and snow the next       
mmm nothing better than hot chocolate with real marshmallows (not the little fake ones in the packet) on a snowy morning lol
i love my boys  smile 
work is dragging     
stupid brakes! why must you cost a fortune? im sooo broke for the next week 
so i just watched <propfirst> venturas conspiracy theory      the episode about 2012 and the bunker under <propfemale>      and i am thoroughly freaked out
i love the magic school bus!
awe i love my happy little home  tree is up  lights are on the house  and everything is amazing 
last day of this math class and tomorrow is the last day of my other class  im excited 
99% in both classes  im excited to start new ones 
im excited to start new classes today
i start my algebra class today      its going to be way too easy  i got a head start over the weekend  we do seven chapters and im already on the fifth       
im so not excited to study for this test      but ill do fine im sure lol
another flat tire      fml
presidents list      exceptional attendance      ten bucks and a parking space      not bad lol
early x mas present      my <propfemale> got me a camera : ) i love it!
awe arlo was trying to roll to his tummy from his back  he couldnt quite do it though  he was getting really frustrated      it was adorable 
two more hours of work      thank god
work sucked  who knew <propfemale>ryone would eat taco <propfemale> on x mas <propfemale>     
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i am baby free for the night      yay but i miss him already lol
i wish i had a washer and dryer      it would make my life so much easier 
im dying km know what i got on my midterm      lol i know       im a loser
arlo is so darn cute  i just wish he would sleep soon so i can study
just beat the guys` asses at ufc  they said im not allowed to play anymore lol
so <propfirst> wrote arlo a lullaby on his guitar     is that not the sweetest thing?
red bull
so i got 100+ on my final and rocked the class  yay!
got to school way too early      o well hope i do good on my math final
98 on my math final woo hoo
awe arlo just rolled over all by himself! im so proud of my little baby
i feel so left out of everything      im just a maid in a house full of boys
just dominated a game of risk
heck yes! my refund was way more than i thought it would be 
off to the doctor again     
i hate when school gets cancelled
just sittin at home watchin the game and drinkin beer  i decided to root for gb because that collins guy is kickin ass lol
yay <propfirst> owes me 5 bucks lol
so my teacher told everyone in my class that they could work with a partner  on the test      everyone except me  she said it wouldnt be fair since i always get over 100%  lol i thought it was funny
wtf? really?
had a good date night with my <propfemale>     
so excited  arlo got to sit in the cart like a big boy at the store  now we have to make upside down cake for daddy  lol
<propfirst> loved the cake and i got me a <propfemale> necklace       smile 
ugh just ugh      
jager       again lol
ugh just waiting for stupid doctors to call me about an ultrasound      and no im not pregnant dont worry lol
got 106 on my final and 104 in the class      now im just worried to start my accounting class next week
no baby this weekend      time to relax and have fun
awe <propfirst> got us a couch and an awesome new bed today      <propmale> size pillow top      its so nice
man i love our new bed lol its so comfy
a pocket chair? really?
ugh i love working all day and coming home to do a mountain of mikes dishes      men!
just got all the homework for this week done      this accounting class isnt so bad after all  lol
arlo just learned to army crawl lol  im excited
my poor baby  im pretty sure arlo has pink eye  im taking him to the doctor tomorrow 
ugh i am so freaking mad  what are families for anyways?
does anyone know of a good but cheap mechanic that wont rip me off? lol
gosh sitting here drinkin by myself like a loser     
every time i feel i time i feel alone i can blame it you            and i do       ( so im countin my tears my tears til i get over you)
i think im still drunk  dam im pullin a bloss ha ha     
ugh definately not doing that again
i am so sad i want to cry  my heart goes out to delaney and her family 
lost my parking space      but got presidents list and exceptional attendance again       smile 
"first time listening to \landslide\"" without crying  i miss her bunches but i know that she loves me and is always with me     """
dam there goes my perfect attendance     
o my god      everythings ruined and i dont know what to do
fuckin asshole piece of shit  now i just have to find somewhere to move
ugh     today is a new day  ive just gotta keep my head held high and ill be okay 
thank god for <propfemale> and ryne
this place about to blow o o oooo o o
fml
ugh he makes me so mad but i'm just trying to get on with my life     
"<propfemale> : \what is that?\"" \",4e1b0c64f4a888c7db436fcf8a5a036e,ugh i hate having a fever  i am so cold    
is it really so much to ask that he not have parties and not have whores all over the place while arlo is there?
ugh i hate everyone today    
i'm thinking i might have to climb a clocktower     
ugh why me? this is so so hard but im amazed at how strong i really am      even as my heart breaks each and every day     
ugh thank god for my aunt  no baby for the weekend      i can concentrate on me 
ugh i need some bar buddies lol
"i had a good weekend to myself, but i am glad arlo is home  i missed him "
