2d34fd9de337b586387488547ca88081
space camp is going great!
cell phone broke :[
is fuckin ecstatic! yah now its up to this lame ass world to kill my buzz lol
searching for the holy grail of metal
i love coupon scams!
<propmale> potter marathon
<propmale> potter marathon with all my <propmale> potter friends
holy fuck! almost got mauled to death by a giant black bear on my nightly jog 
always <propfemale> starts in 2 days!
itttssss the attack of the wrath of the war of the death of the strike of the sword of the blood of the beeaaast!
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak that often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised at what people remember about you "
fanfuckintastic 
lmfao
"helllz yeah!!!, just fixxeded muh xbox!!"
jazz day
kopfschmerzen!!
hoody season is near
got muh macbook pro!
watching the it crowd
found a big! lots
coffee? what an excellent idea 
my kidneys hurt 
always <propfemale> in philly xmas special
i want to go campin 
why the fuck am i in missouri?
<scream>fuck < scream>
arvo pärt
banksy
"ya goddamn right it's gonna to be a beautiful day, cause ima sleep through the whole wretched thing "
dr  strangelove ?
russian metal
back from camping in the frozen marshes 
"in a couple day's this poison <propfemale> will consume me, and i will be an incomprehensible blob of infected blisters leaking a trail of contagious fluids, as i roll around in my quarantined house "
"i hide anyones facebook status when it seems annoying at the time, and then when there is only one person left, i unhide everyone and start all over again "
happiness 
"mmmmm, stresses warm embrace     "
"here i am,"
"quite a daft bloke, my butler is "
a short walk in the light of the world  (with breaks for coffee and snacks)
oh the ambiguity 
ohhhhhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit     
"there was something in the air that night, <propmale> "
"bad pizza, twizzlers, and mountain dew, stay! stayyyyyy!"
what the fuck?
"upon the absence of parmesan, one notices the limiting effect it plays on the overall spaghetti e playful erience "
"im the only dude at this party, and all these chicks are trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me  what should i do? i knew i should of came with a friend "
"'damnit <propfirst>, put your slippers on, we need you out in the field!' - coach"
http annoyed  www gametrailers com user-movie masterpieces-in-3d 343396?playlist=popular
"about to embark on the most strenuous e playful edition, covering nearly half my house  there will be obstacles along the way that will test the endurance and over all will power that is necessary to retrieve my chicken patties from the oven, but the thought of a delicious crispy chicken sandwich should be enough to keep me going "
"'um, excuse me sir, you can't just set a couch and tv set up in the middle of the freezer section  where does this extension cord lead to? are you going to pay for all of these popsicles and half eaten boxes of ice cream? i would advise you to leave now before i call the police '  'shut up! this is the best part'"
"'fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, why don't you just put me out of my misery!' - my mini <propfirst>"
just made the most fucking awesomest sandwich of fucking all time!!!!!!!!           bout to chow down on that bitch!!!!!!
my chemistry teacher has a russian accent! fuck yea!
"so i had to go to the bank today and dispute me being charged like 60 bucks and to close my account  when i told the lady this she just started looking at me all pissed off right? \ '60 dollars?!?! close your account?! <propfirst>, what kind of bank do you think we are?' she says "
ahahahaha
should probably spend more time with my couch 
damn
"turn your news channels on there's a 50ft cat rampaging through <propmale>, they're advising everyone to stay inside!! casualties are in the 3k+ range and climbing!"
"aww hot-dayum!! ta'day goin b' filled wid' more than tha 'average share'a homemade splosive makin', all-sorts'a diferenshit shootin', moonshine a'brewin', an well, drinkin' o'course  n-anyother difren'types' ofa'merika celibratin' aktivity i'cant quiet hardly think'a right now "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"in conclusion, fuck the beach "
and fuck wheel barrels too!
watched the second half of natural born killers  such a great movie
getting in a knife fight with a bunch of rabid homeless people is actually more fun than it sounds!
"i say, the fog this mourning was particularly foggy "
today is going to be an amazing day 
"oh bawls guarana, shall i compare thee to a summers day?"
"such a shitty weekend, can't wait to have another one!"
"'whoaa, officer theres no need for this hostility, i'm not resisting!'''and its a damn shame son, cause frankly i like my rape victims to struggle alittle, makes things more interestin'!'"
<propmale> moran
got a mofuckin job!!!
most crazy dream i ever done had   surprise 
has a mad craving for some skittles right now 
"won't be spending my nights alone anymore, and i think this is what i like most about skittles new 70 gallon bags"
"thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday, sorry this is late but i havn't had much time to check my facebook, my birthday orgy ran longer than e playful ected  i did have a 'happy' birthday, and am continuing to have an amazing birthweek  now if you will excuse me i have to get back to drinking piña coladas and take my 5th bubble bath today "
do you think pedophiles honk their horns at children that they find attractive?
her name is sleep and we've always been madly in love      
mountain dew code red + gin 
ohjollyme blogspot com
"just woke up from a 26 hour slumber, new personal record? possibly!"
<propfemale> cash and i are getting into bar fights with bad greasy characters  we are kicking ass 
www hotsynch com funny fb html
just bought a new trampoline  bout <propfemale> get muh jump on!
"just woke up from 24 hours of sleep, i am learning how to walk again "
"acorns fill my cheeks\tires screech as i turn my head\my tail is missing "
needs crazy bitch insurance 
"whats that one song that goes, whoaaaaohhhhhohhhhhhohhhhhhohhhhohhhh(ohhhhhhh!) ohhhh!ohhhhohhhhh ohhhhh ohhhhh ohhhhh! then in the back ground its like ohhhhhohhhhhohhhh!?"
icp concert tomorrow morning with grandma! i'm stoked 
"does anyone know places that are hiring? if not, could you possibly point me in the direction of some buried treasure? or would you happen to know of any bank heists that are currently in planning mode? i can supply my own piece "
