e9d7bc5113c24dd3ee296158715e29c9
"i kinda miss having actual friends, y'know  the one's who really give a shizz about you o o"
"lol, so! who else besides me had a bad start this year? =p"
"lol, i love you "
ya gotta love the fact i'm the best at this  wink 
"i'm just a tin man, looking for his heart  "
"holy shizz, i'm exhausted x x"
geeeze; forgot i'd had a facebook  lol
i'm bored of the states! i need to travel!!
"bored of the boring peep, lol  so who wants to actually be a fun txting personality???"
lol  sorry about this upcoming weekend 
woke up an hour n a half ago  feelin pretty buzzed from a bottle   ; needs to see my girl 
"so what's the secret to looking young forever? <propfirst> depp seems to know it, for damn sure  o o??????"
when can i hurry up and get todays chores over?!!! (bleh)
what the fuck happened  lol
god i hate this relationship 
i'm wondering how come i'm so unsureof things lately 
"i'm wondering how come i'm so unsure \of things lately "
"i hate when i lose track of how weird i can be \lolz  its one of those things you've just gotta witness first hand "
i wonder if you'd finally work up the nerve to say a final goodbye   
god i need some great sex 
damnit  lol  i dislike the dimwitted and ignorant 
"well, i cant wait for school   (just that bored  lol)"
i'm gonna miss being free 
just trying to get faded mannn    
so i need to find plans for this weekend  
daamn   so    tired  
damn peoples where's the party at??? hahaha  
hahaha  earthquake huh?   that wasn't very intimidating at all 
"i've been up here so long that i've got my own space station, lol "
i'm falling upwards and not wearing a parachute  smile 
"no fun on my b-day, lol  at least yet  wink "
birthday sex is the best  wink 
fact: there is a city called rome on every continent 
blaze it 
well  what can i say? i've kinda got a thing for her  lol
"finally, lol, somethin's goin my way"
"dude   i need something new to kill time with, i just don't have the weapons needed "
damn  today's turning out bad already?????   
"fuck all the ignorance, lol "
damnit  wtf  lol 
i fucking hate my life 
i hate fortune cookies; too vague for my likes 
"did u know that women on average say about 7000 words per day, while men manage just over 2000  lol "
sex; biochemically  its no different than eating large quantities of chocolate  maybe thats why big girlz love their chocolate??
idk anymore     
i'm losing my <propfemale> for this    i'm probably still moving    
i suppose i was pretty right about myself and her
"i guess i'm the idiot, given the circumstances, i blame only myself for letting it continue  "
"i wish she'd realize; but hey, we can't all succumb to our epiphanies"
"i wish she'd realize; but hey, we can't all discover our lucrative epiphanies"
fyi- did u know a cough releases at up to 60mph? (this is totally useless)
   i hate this   wtfe  i give up on trying; i've never felt so disappointed   annoyed 
"damn this girls got me on a carousel of emotional virtues  lol, but i like it "
"well, i think maybe she's an astronaut, because every time i look at her  i see stars"
somehow i knew    
why the fuck do girls have to overreact 
well   
one giant leap towards world domination
okay   i'm getting tired of this shit  
i give; it was a lost cause 
lol  i can't quit playing black ops damnit 
"so maybe there are girls out there, heh "
who's gettin totally lost in 2011 tonight? lol
so how come its always my fault w  her?  lol
"maybe i should care, lol   but i definitely don't  wink "
lol  i'm glad school turned out well today  i thought maybe it would've been a little lame; buuut good schedule + badasss classmates = awesome 
what a shame  annoyed 
"haha  you're hilarious;  i dont play these little kid games  i hope ya choke on a fat one, lmao "
goddamnit  i'm tired of never being happy or satisfied 
"hahahaha, well i would love to laugh at u more but, i've got a life to get back to  don't miss meh ;p"
i wish i was a <propmale>; then i could smoke all the ganja and get hitched to <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile 
ya camera has <propfemale> saw a picture this nice =p
"i hope it works out, because i definitely don't want a strikeout with this girl  love "
erica love 33  smile 
  hmmm     
fu<k!!!
"you!   should totally \like\"" my status; cuz i actually like you're friendship ;p"""
i hate liars  lol  
       i've been used    
"duuuuuude! what the french, toast!"
education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance  - will durant
"knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens  \\- jimi hendrix"
