95a56beafa99f3d8e39bac3b6ac96a73
it is hot!!!
bored!
loving my new iphone 4!!
"just found two poor, dead little frogs in the pool skimmer!  <propfemale>- at least they won't be swimming with you anymore!  smile "
"at a scary 1950s, <propfemale> lake-like resort place    you know <propfemale> lake as in <propfirst>!  why can't the state department afford nicer places for us to stay???? that's what i get for working in public education i guess "
is at&t 3g now in quapaw?  my iphone says 3g  it seems faster  anyone else say that? or is my iphone jacked up?
wishing everyone a happy and safe thanksgiving day!!!
"eat for education\tuesday, january 18, 4 to 9 p m   dine at stonehill grill from 4 to 9 p m  on tuesday, january 18, and 10% of sales for the evening will be donated to rockdale elementary  encourage your family and friends to come support your school  last year, the program raised over $1,500 for area schools \come eat for education!"
well    we have started packing stuff up to move   haven't even made a dent in this house but have many many boxes full already  this is not going to be fun!!!
trying to get the kids to clean up the playroom is like trying to make fire from ice!!!
"eat for education\dine at stonehill grill from 4 to 9 p m  on\tuesday, january 18, and 10% of sales for\the evening will be donated to rockdale\elementary  encourage your family and friends\to come support your school  last year, the\program raised over $1,500 for area schools \come eat for education!"
wishes i would have brought some firewood in  a fire sounds good  too bad it is covered in snow now!!!! sad 
well    peanut butter really does get gum out of hair!!! learned the hard way  no more gum for <propfemale>!!!
has cabin fever!!!
thanks to everyone for all the bday wishes!!
"what the snow storm taught me    buying groceries and eating at home costs just as much, if not more, than eating out!!!!"
"hey rockdale parents, i just received a call from <propfemale> <propfirst> studios and we are not having pics tomorrow  please pass along    i know it is late and i apologize "
miami folks    no school tomorrow  parent teacher conferences will be rescheduled and still out friday as planned  have a warm and safe weekend!!
playing outside with the kids! it's a beautiful day 
"needs to be inside working on his dissertation, but there is always tomorrow!!!"
"moving is not fun!!! well, the packing part anyway!!!"
"most of our large stuff is moved and we are spending first night in our new house!!! moving is not fun  thanks to all our wonderful friends and family who helped out today, we appreciate it!!!"
does anyone know if there are any 3 year old tball teams in miami? callin really wants to play this year  he will be 4 in may 
almost have everything put where it goes  just a few more boxes in the garage  tomorrow going to tackle getting the hot tub going  wish us luck!!
i forgot how nice it is to live in town!! going to walmart is no longer a cross-country endeavor   smile 
we can park the navigator in the garage now! thats a huge milestone!! now just need to get the rest of the stuff unpacked so we can fit the truck in there too 
"thursday almost there, but friday, friday   "
