844725fc3d4554d6e78802037fc566c3
is home resting after surgery   thank you jesus !
is now resting     thanks to all for your prayers 
is asleep        
's got on my happy face!
looking forward to <propmale> and saras little one coming soon!
thankful for my true friends and the family god chose for me!   nothing separates us from gods love!  romans 8 smile 8-39
to love and be loved are the most powerful opportunities we have in this life!   gods love will rescue you!  the love of the one you love will refresh you!  the love of true friends and family will comfort you! loving your enemies will set you free!  lovi
happy birthday to <propmale> and me     first birthday without the woman that brought us into the world   we miss you so much <propfemale>!
another birthday come and gone    feeling elderly!    hahaha!
is happy today!  thank you <propfemale> for just being you!
cleaning up the gummi bears and cheap wine from the carpets!  (inside joke guys!)
"\ have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry? have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night? have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right? have you ever? have you ever?\"" - <propfemale>"""
mourning the passing of my dear friend nezzy   i cant wait to see you again my friend!
"is gonna be an uncle again on tuesday!  guess im next for a kid!   nothin like buyin your own diapers,walker, and formula and the kids too!  hahahahaha!"
is on my way to church to take out the first 7 rows!  lol  so glad to be alive!
is chilling at home after a busy morning   cant wait to hear from my beloved today!
"is taking the ole' fb \friend\"" broom and cleaning house!"""
"\real love says \""all that i have is yours   \"" - <propfirst> gillenwater"""
im an uncle again!  congratulations <propmale> and <propfemale>!!!!   i think i want one now!!  hahaha!
if given the choice of having a false friend or syphilis    ill take the syphilis!  lol
okay   here it goes    another fb friends list chopping!!  i gave ya fair warning!
is waiting for a call from my baby!
can't wait to see my beloved!!!!!   off to bed!!!
"wishes nosey, pathetic people would mind their own business!  i have a visa  and can help you buy some business of your own!"
is off to bed!  praying for my enemies and being merciful is the right thing to do!  goodnight all in fb land!
does anybody else smell chittlins?  lol
"this is gonna be an awesome week!   mens conference, moving and <propfemale>!  what more could i ask for????"
thought i was done choppin the old fb friends list       here it goes!
finished trimming the fat from my friends list      feeling much better now!
"i absolutely cannot wait to see my baby saturday!!!  deacons, hold the preacher's robe please!  lol"
"got my first aid <propfemale>, my comfortable shoes, my exercise mat     looks like im all ready to go to church!  wish me luck!  hahaha!"
is gone to church!  i love you <propfemale>!
good morning friends!
lying is the most simple form of self-defence  - <propfemale> sontag
the truth will always outlive a lie!
okay    been on a hiatus!  seems i need to chop  some  more names from the old friends list!
is taking a stroll through the old friends list    goodbye to all haters and waiters ( folks watching and waiting on something bad to happen to ya!) hahahahahaha
"okay people! go to your nearest cracker barrel and get yourself a 3 99 jar of wickles! i dont even like pickles, or relish or anything of that nature, however, these are the best doggone cucumbers i have ever had in a jar! get yourself a case soon!!!!"
i feel great!!!!!!
"i love all of god's creation but, if these skunks( yes, real skunks!!)  keep spraying around my house, my special prayer will be for these dudes to have a special room reserved in the pit!!!  lol"
god answered my prayers and took those little skunk vermin to the judgment!    lol
"skunks are gang members with fur!  its on!!!!!  skunks 2 , errick 1    lol"
hahahaha!  got those little skunk vermin again!  i dont think they will be visiting my house anymore after last night!  lol
god's been so good!  couldn't tell it if i tried!!!!!
happy birthday to me and <propmale>!  thank you lord for this day that you gave <propmale> and me to celebrate 38 years of life! thank you lord for thoughtful parents who reared and raised us!  thank you for the best friends and family!  thank you! thank you! thank you!
must we tell all of our business in our status messages?  some things are better left unspoken and under the blood!
got this from a very good friend of mine today    loved it!!    \it's\,844725fc3d4554d6e78802037fc566c3,theres nothing in the world like having your mind freed!   jesus saved my soul and freed my mind!
"god, i miss my mom today!"
i thank god for my wonderful friends!!
if you're looking for a sign for who and where god's people are    see if they love each other!
i have the very best friends and family!  had a great weekend with some really cool people!
feeling like the most blessed man in the world!   smile 
<propfemale> <propfirst>'s new christmas cd is incredible!  $4 99 download on amazon com!!!!! come back home <propfemale>!!!  just come on back home!!!  lol
"people, people people, please!   for the love of god and all that is holy and right   please keep your negative  personal business off your status messages!  some things need to be left unspoken and underneath the blood!  now    back to farmville!   smile "
\ sometimes,\844725fc3d4554d6e78802037fc566c3,"i want to go to heaven!   nothing and nobody is worth me missing out on seeing jesus! not now, or ever!"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoonfrom your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb tilmonday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse"
"400- my dear cousin, you are a beautiful soul!  you are bright, caring, strong and able to withstand anything thrown at you!  you are made of the stuff that folks talk about , aint made anymore   you are an uncommon, if not outright rare, <propfirst> in the repetoire of the hands of god!  i am so blessed to know that we are cut from that same stock and brand!  good things do come from our people!"
"im playing a game for the first time on facebook   i was told you inbox me a number, any number not a phone number or personal one just a number you make up, and i go on my <propfemale> using that number to tell you what i think of you!"
"22- you are such a bright <propfemale> !  its amazing to see how youve grown up right before my eyes, into such an incredible young woman!   im so proud of you and am excited about your future!  i love you so much and i thank you for the love you give back!"
69 - now you know we go wayyy back!  you have shown me and <propmale> so much love through the years!  our mother loved you and your family so much!  you are an amazing mother and a treasured friend!  thank you for that most precious gift!
"5986- i havent known you long, but i think you are one of the coolest people ive ever met!  you are so talented and <propfemale> yourself with so much dignity!  your children are blessed to have a mom like you and i am blessed to consider you my friend!"
7087594 - thank you for being a loyal friend and for being there for me!  your daughters have a wonderful opportunity to be able to learn from you! stay with jesus!  he can do everything you need him to do for you!
"36- ive had the great privilege of knowing you , loving you , growing with you , and its been a wonderful journey!  thank you for sharing your heart with me!"
"1974 - you are a very giving person   your kindness and generosity is touching and motivates me to want to give more, do more, be more   its an honor to know you!"
"when any thing or any one becomes more important than jesus, its time to let that go too!"
im so thankful for my incredible friends! i truly love you all!
"\   for whoever does the will of my father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother \"" (<propfirst> 12:46-50)"""
"2 <propfirst> 4   what do you do when everyone else is trippin? 2 <propfirst> 9    limp your butt to the <propmale>s table anyway! the <propmale> aint worried about who dropped you, he just wants to take care of you! thank you jesus!"
identity is everything!
"proverbs 27:7\a person who is full refuses <propfemale>, but even bitter food tastes sweet to the hungry  (nlt)  we cant blame folks who are lost, or sick, or distressed for having a messed up appetite!  just give them jesus, already!!!"
oh how i love jesus      thank you for everything father!
sending love this valentines day to all of my loved ones!
the next person that pokes me is gonna get a special talkin to ! place your bets! lol
okay    to my thousand fans who like to send pokes (lol)  i have carefully gone to a secret location to select a blind date for each of you which will show up at your door this friday at 7pm   nothing but the best for you!!  lol
feb 27th    4yrs with my heart device!  go glad to be alive! ive got things to do!
"thank you , <propfemale>!                                                                                       \when i look back over my life\and i see all the things the lord's brought me through;\been through trials, sickness, and suffering,\i thank the lord, he's blessed me still \i could have lost the faith\and i could have fell from his grace;\now i can say, that i'm still here\and it's by the grace of god!"
