1871077e2a54e95ab37fe7b010d31716
"welcome, my friends and family, those close and far, to this, the beginning of the new year  may the winds grace you all for the journey ahead of you, and bear you swiftly to your destination   "
"greatest birthday ever, just got out of county this morning, bloody hell  eh, no worries, live and let live   "
"pleasecopy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have \been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  lets raise \awareness "
thanks to last pride for sending me dead bull - 50% energy boost  i really like it! http annoyed  bit ly 9uvqo7
what are you doing? come join us in this chat with 2 other people http annoyed  tinychat com bawww
"remember, remember, the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i see no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot  \http annoyed  remember5 tk "
"(poke) me if you had or have a crush on me   \(like) this status if you think i'm a good friend   \(message) me if you ever wanted to date me   \(comment) on this status if we ever had any good memories  \now if your brave, you will post this as your status and see what you get \stole the idea from <propfirst>, if it works who cares if the idea was used before \inb4jewjokes-\<propfemale> on "
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and    the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post "
"let's see how creative my fb friends are  leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name  it can only be 1 word  then paste & copy this to your status, so i can leave a word about you   don't just leave a word & not copy  that's no fun! ok, i played let's see if anyone else has nothing to do for a moment"
please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't repost this  why? because they need a foot up there ass!!!!i know many!!
"amazing how you click a link to see lulz and accept it to be an app, only to find out that without a credit card and a possible download you can't see a video that is most likely viral around the internet  ignore that last post if you would, damn auto post app-whatever-kebab-thing-sunday snausage "
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people that need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% won't re-post this  why? because they probably need a punch in the face "
"don't know why  sudden burst of energy, can't calm down  adrenaline pumping, heart racing  feel a slightly twisted joy, mixed with a contained rage, over what- i do not know  this is exhilarating  was feeling down and depressed one moment then the next, this shock of energy overcomes me and i can't seem to contain myself, i need to do something "
log off your facebook mr kyle!! remember what happened to <propmale>??  laugh 
squirrel strikes again! bwahahaha!
bwahahahaha! squirrel strikes again!
and <propfemale> strikes!!!!!!!!!! bahahahahaha
