6bb696a09cca9b5528cc74355c195dec
is blessed with friends and family who are a bunch of great people who are a blast to be around 
"is chilling getting ready to go play with the kids, and is grateful to have another day to just say thank you lord!!"
praying for a friend
is about to take a nap tired from driving and other extra cirricular activities 
is wishing she had some shrimp etoufee and fried fish from deanies to eat right now with a side of potatoe salad scrumptious!!!
hola fb family it's another beautiful day in the life of <propfirst> <propfemale> growe  i love the lord he has blessed me to see another birthday and still looking cute i might add  butanyway everyone have a great day and be grateful for what you have the good the bad
oh yeah thanks for all the birthday love!!!!!!!!
ok i'm biting this off <propfemale> b 's page:what ever is your fondest memory of me i would like to hear it  one memory please cause i know i acted a donkey in school and when your done add this to your status and see what lasting memories people have of you!!
"is blessed and highly favored  i have a great eartly father, but boy oh boy is my heavenly father the bomb diggedy<- (is that a word) butanyway you catch my drift!!!! hallelujah! all <propfemale> and honor i give to you!!!!!!aaaaaaammeeeeennnnn!!!!!!!!!!"
is ready for the last day of vbs!! and to all my koinonia members get ready to eat some of the best food you ever tasted compliments of the  crew church picnic this saturday we bring the food you bring your appetite and a toothpick!!oh yeah $5 per plate lol i'm just playing!!!
goodmornting fb family  i pray your day is blessed and that you get a word at church on today that transforms your life  those of you whom normally attend bedside baptist i pray god moves you to go and be a part of someones church service  so you can fellolwship with the saints forsake not the assembly!!!!love yall be blessed!!!!
"what up facebook fam, quick questions, what on god's green earth would separate you from talking to your bestest friend in the whole wide world!and when is it okay to let that which separated you in the first place to trump years of friendship?"
"what up fb fam  i was just given guardianship of two beautiful children  i've received school fines and fees as lagniappe, and i have been given a way out with your help of course!!! all you have to do is purchase a passbook couponbook and half of the proceeds go to my newly inheireted childs' fines and fees don't worry if your out of the state you can still help contact me for more info  my number is 817-723-9459 "
is going to pray then hit the sack  be sweet see yall tomorrow sweet dreams!!!!
"is thinking how would you finish this sentence, \ i love the lord because       !!!!"""
"is grateful for all she has, all shes been thru and everything that is to come  the good  the bad and the ugly  i will give god the <propfemale> thru it all for the rest of my life  in the words of a dear friend \ ain't no rock gonna cry out for me!!!!i bless your name jesus!!!"""
"was told something the other day and it made me go hmmmm? we always have a choice to do the right thing or the wrong thing and in all things we should ask our selves \which choice will bring god the glory?\"" when you find yourself leaning towards the wrong thing i need you to be mindful because \"" you can choose your choices but someone else chooses your consequences!!\"""""
"just wants to say i am grateful all knowing god fully aware of my past transgressions would still see me fit to use in the growth of his kingdom!! i say toall you facebookers look around you and see all the many ways god blesses you daily with friends, a home, family, a sane mind( even though sometimes we act throwed off, myself included), sweet sleep, healthy bodies, the breathe of life  he breathes into you every"
"mornting, a job, a car, clothes, food and many many more  he is an awesome god whom you don't have to perform for he loves you just as you are hallelujah he cant iron out your kinks he can turn your liabilities into assets if you would just surrender and allow him to be your lord as well as your savior, what an breathtaking e playful erience it could be! i promised you've never had a love like this!!! thank you lord!!"
is so proud of herself i made 100% on my test for the <propfemale> class!! yay me!!!thank you lord for alowing what i studied to come back at the appointed time!! god is great!!!
is rejoicing victory is mine!! tonite my sister and i gave the enemy a <propmale> setback in is militia affairs concerning us! no longer will we waist our cancer  through christ we have the authority to boot any thing person princapality that is coming against what god has ordained for us  yokes have been destroyed!! strongholds have been confessed and no longer have us bound! hallelujah!!!! 2 god b the <propfemale>!!!
"people the devil hates you!! pay attention he is so cunning, everything that feels & looks good to you ain't good for you! pay attention, he wants to kill steal and destroy your life, family, joy, and your god-given ministry!!any relationship that has to be in secret is from the devil it's a trick of the enemy! why would god give u sumthin u have 2 hide!!!!wake up child of god!!!!!!"
just wanted to say thank you to every person who has shown me an example of christ in their walk and i sincerely apologize to any1 whom my witness did not look like what a child of god should have looked  forgive me if i have ever transformed into an incredible hulk christian and offended you  i pray god gives you peace and if you would like to talk to me hit me on the phone or my inbox!!!
learned that when priests carried the arc that carried gods' spirit they stopped every 6 steps to praise god! isn't that awesome!i challenge those of you who are bold enough to try it tommorow even if it's not every 6 steps start with every 6 minutes and just give god a heartfelt thank-you jesus or 2 god be the <propfemale> and see how it changes your day! i wanna hear how it went  hit me up and tell me something good!!
"did you know that some1; didn't get sweet sleep last night, didn't wake up this morning, doesn't have a job to go to this morning, has lost a child or loved one and couldn't hug them this morning, don't have a toothbrush to brush they teeth or clothes to put on their body? people don't take for granted the little or big things god blesses you with!!"
"is saying god is so intentional, there are no coincidences with god!he loves you that much that he orchestrates things behind the scenes so you can get what you need  men & women of god recognize who you are in christ, stop feeding your flesh and pour into your spirit man and watch and see how god moves!be intentional to glorify him in all you do!for he is worthy of that and so much more!!"
"is singing silver and gold, silver and gold, i rather have jesus than silver and gold!! you know when you are in the world you think money is what you need to make it but i'm here to tell once you got jesus, for real got him ain't nothing more precious! he is your silver and gold, your peace, your joy, your comfort,your everything!!try him he won't let you down!!!"
"is a woman of <propfemale>! i passed yall! praise god! and i made 100 on my exit exam, i am so excited and encouraged and ready to be used by the lord!!!i am about to burst of joy overload and everybody here is sleeping, oh well i'm bout to do a dance all by my lonesome!! i can do everything through him(god) who gives me strength!!!to god be the <propfemale>!!"
"is pleadin wit da men n women of god 2 look past people who wrong u n see the spirit influencin dem  we r all new creatures n christ, no longer bound by the sin we use 2 b enslaved 2 but because of christ we have the power and dominion over it walk in victory by responding n ways ur father would get the <propfemale>, not n the ways of the world that bring <propfemale> to satan  may god get the <propfemale> in everything we do on 2day!"
"is praising god 4 b n in control of all things n 4 his children submitting 2 his will 4 there lives!god is n da restoration business!! it don't matter what it look like if u give it 2 him n stop do n things ur way i promise he will come through for u! stop doing tit 4 tat, no body wins but da funky devil!god's <propfemale> is 4 u 2 b fruitful n all ur relationships that brings him <propfemale>!!!"
"has a question n i want honest answers  i'm sure most of u have heard the statements bout <propfirst> z b n a lucifierian, n i can agree he has skills on the mic but today i was listening 2 a song while the kids were watching bet n he made several refrences 2 jesus n 1 bout jesus can't save you! i didn't listen to it in it's entirty but i was still offended! it made me think why even after we see that certain"
"is say n god don't make mistakes! u got the family,he wanted u 2 have  if we look around we wud c how he provided  me personally, i always had a loving god-fearing woman 2 look up 2  i kno i am who i am 2day bcuz he made sure these people were n my life  so i wanna give god thanks and praise 4 my auntie <propfemale>, cousin kimmy, auntie <propfemale>, <propfemale> brown and all of the growe family!i love yall!!"
"was blessd last night n wont b a scratch off christian!i will read n meditate on god's word!i will have devotional time n pray daily!i will live a life holy & pleasing 2 god!i will give him all the glory!!i'm gonna praise him n advance bcuz im a <propfirst>, he has already delivered me from my pit n is steady elevating me n the kingdom!! hallelujah, i praise u lord i magnify ur holy name let your will b done!"
"if you are in christ you have been committed to the ministry of reconciliation  god made jesus so he would die for our sins and reconcile us back with him(god)  you have ur salvation, why not lead some1 else to theirs? be obedient to the word and let god use you to ensure someone elses eternity in paradise!"
"thank u lord 4 covering me!i am sooo happy god had mercy on me, i could've gottn aids i could've gottn raped cuz i use to b toe down r could've killed myself or somebody else  i am truely thankful that even n my mess god spared my health n life!if u know its no 1 but god that saved u 4m whatever give him a shout out n share a testimony that cud change some1's life!let the spirit lead u!"
"is saying don't b a big jaw christian hearing the word week after week but never digesting it  the word says we should b hearers & doers! walk it out if u know the word says no fornicating, stop fornicating, it says 2 tithe give up that tenth, it says 4give, pray for those that hurt u n walk n 4giveness  it's for us 2 digest the word n stop holding it n our mouth!"
is trusting god to give me the guidance on what and when to say what needs to be said!
"is in love with jesus and i soooo much wants to please him in all i do lord help me to have compassion for people when i don't understand what they do  lord help me to slay my flesh! lord help me to seperate the person from the spirit influencing them!lord if it's me show me where i am undone!lord i love you let your desires become our desires!i ask this in your precious son jesus name,amen!!"
"is thankin god cuz he is so good 2 me!! he's given me peace & direction n my trial  u r such an awesome god!! thank u 4 answerin my prayer, 4 clarity, 4 sendin angels n human form 2 help me vent & focus on ur word & will 4 my life! hallelujah!!2 god b all the <propfemale> for he alone is worthy!> fb fam if ur goin thru seek his face & his will don't let ur flesh lead u n2 sin! b still, he will answer!! thank u lord!"
food 4 thought: why is it if we c a pregnant woman drinkin r smokin we cringe nside thinkin she's hurtin her unborn child? but when it comes 2 us christians we don't think twice about the sin we partake n daily as doing just as much harm 2 our true <propfemale> god has called us 2 birth 4 the <propfemale> of his his kingdom 
"i was raised by my dad's sister(s) because of this i began 2 hate my mother at a very early age  i was 2 young 2 kno the underlieing facts all i knew is that my mom didn't want me  i felt unloved for years even when surrounded by family & friends who loved me  i look back now & c god thru it all and i can tell u he has a plan for your life, trust him!!"
"hey yall i have 2 ?'s: whats the difference btween reproof(rebukeing) & passing judgement? without discernment, is it possible 2 distinguish if some1 is bound by sin( a vice r stronghold) or just willingly indulging n it? lord i pray that everyone who comments can voice there points clearly & if some1 takes offense god i pray that we act r respond n a way that will bring u glory!n jesus name, amen>"
"is bout to call it a night, busy busy dat  i'm pooped need rest see some of yall tomorro at holy ghost headquarters!! sweet dreams fbf!!!!"
"is excited i just enrolled 4 college 4 the 1st time n my life (beauty school doesnt count) needless 2 say i've had a eventful day n it was very productive  yay me!!!! now 2 go out w a bang i am ending it at the church <propfemale>  yaaaayy! it's my first year attending n not volunteering  i'm gonna wear a dress yall, yep, yep!!!by night fall i will have blessed arlington with both my brains and my beauty  i am sooo ready!!!"
"is bout 2 get some zzzz's & is so happy & so loving life right now  i blieve that when the word says christ came so that we can have life more abundantly that we take it 4 granted,but it is sooo real we already have the victory we just have 2 walk n obedience & the authority that christ gave us i can't e playful lain the peace and joy i have now but i can tell you i wouldn't trade it for the world!!2 god b all the <propfemale>!!!"
"yall god is soooo goood! my money is funny n i was ok with danaye getting whatever 4 christmas well god did it again, some1 i hadn't talk 2 n a while called and said  god wanted her 2 bless me n she asked where i was she wanted 2 wire me some money 4 my baby get this, i was in wal-mart making sure other children were gonna have gifts from the angel tree!"
is sending shout outs to every1 who has been an inspiration to me thru '09'  i love yall and thank god for you  most of all i gots to give god all the <propfemale> for my growth and the trials and tests hes brought me thru this year  i am his and he takes great care of his child!!!i am looking forward to where he will bring me in 2010 and pray that he would bless you all as you have blessed me! love yall!!!
"happy new year to all of you! today is a great day! ttlty! you are alive, you made it to see a new year! that what you thought was gonna kill you didn't so ttlty! i pray that this year be the start of a great work in and through you all for the <propfemale> of god! release your past so you can reach your destiny!humble yourselves, line up with the word, and love god with your mind, body and soul!"
"my imperfections don't matter to him  \he loves me   all of me! \he's my reward!\ttlty!"
"is yelling you gotta fight for your right to party!!!! now let me tell you what party means cause you beastie boys fans are going left and i did the remix to go right!! party is  praying daily, abstaining from sin, recommitting, totally to christ, your mind body and soul!!! so if yall wanna party with me holla and let me know if ya down baaaabeeee!!!!2 god be the <propfemale>!!!"
"yesterday was my 1st day ever in college where i was legally enrolled and it was the bomb diggety, i'm excited at what god is doing!!!guys i don't know his plan but i am sure he will take very good care of me lord have your way!!!"
"is soooo blessed 2 have been n koinonia!! im still floatin 4m service on sunday, shout out 2 <propmale> wit lol (live out loud) it was off da chain!! n pastor still got me thinking bout how many of us r so distracted by things we loose sight of our deliverer and deliverance what has u distracted n so consumed that u r willing 2 pass up on ur deliverance that is available 2 u?what have u made bigger than ur god?"
"i'm a believer--look at my life and you will see! i'm a believer, even though i've never seen him  i'm a believer-look at my life and you will see  i'm a believer--every word he says to me  i'm a believer 'cuz he gave me my <propfemale>! i'm a believer-now and forever i will be     how can you not believe?"
"has a funny story  but i am gonna tell you god will not allow his children to do bad things without convicting them  the great thing about conviction is you know you are connected to your loving father the bad things are it doesn't feel good and if your not convicted about the bad things you do(wise words i've heard before) \you may be something but you ain't saved\"" lord i thank you for your conviction!"""
obedience is better than sacrifice! love god!! learn the word!!! live holy!!!!
"is always reminded of how good god is because i know the wages of sin is death,but god loved us sooo much he sent his only begotten son to die in our place to pay the price for our sin!!at that thought i am swayed to show my emotion thru praise, hallelujah!! we never have to get on a cross, he did it for us, thats love!! thank you lord!!"
"wants 2 ncourage som1 2day press on wit da lord  don't b hurt bcuz ur old friends ain't 'round nemore  god will replace dem wit true friends  don't get mad n upset win dey get flakey n actin funny, don't blame urself bcuz its not u it's the spirit n dem runnin 4m da holy spirit n you!n da words of <propmale> <propmale>'s \u mite get some frowns r sum fake\"" nice smiles\"" while the spirit within u is rebukin they lifestyle!\"""""
"is feeling silly this morning and feels like laughing share something with me to make me laugh, anything that you just fall out about or makes you slap your knee, i want to hear it!come on face book family make me bust a gut today!!!"
"was blessed at biblestudy last nite, so much i was in tears this morning  ephesians 5:18 tells us not to be drunk on wine because it leads to debauchery but we should be filled with the holy spirit well it was brought to my attention you can be drunk off of anger, lust, unforgiveness, self and the list goes on  my question is \what are you drunk off of?\"""""
"father i thank u 4 every answered prayer, i thank u 4 always thinkin of us  lord i thank u for lovin us n our mess! lord i just ask that right now by your spirit that u pull the scales 4m ur childrens eyes that sin has placed there so they wud c the enemy 4 who he is lord i pray that u wud silence every seductive spirit in the name of jesus!i ask that your will b done in our lives and that we wud walk n victory!"
is humbled everyday at the thought of a holy god that had & still has compassion on me im <propfemale>oo unworthy but yet n still he blesses me i have my health(cudda had aids) i have my mind(cudda went insane r he cudda left me with a depraved mind)i have a lovin family(that was <propfemale> dysfunctional  but god)i have a roof over my head n make 1000 a month and still nothing gets turned off i gots to tell the lord thank you!!
"picture this: a lil girl n the corner, as if she were hiding, holding a holy bible with some pages torn n she had a piece sticking out her mouth n the caption n the bubble above her head said \ my granny always say you are what you eat \"" i personally think it's beautiful and think we could learn from it!!!!"""
"we wud b wise 2 learn 4m <propfirst>  even after <propmale> <propmale> made him a refugee r fugitive  literally runnin 4 his life having 2 stay n the land of his enemies he still revered him bcuz <propmale> was god's annointed <propmale>  when the young man came n gave word that <propmale> was dead by his hand david\why were u not afraid 2 lift ur hand 2 destroy the lord's annointed\"""""
"was given a new outlook on fornicating n wud like 2 share it with u 2 all my fornicating christians: do you realize you are raping christ? every time u lay down with some1 ur not married 2 and engage n consensual sex, because christ lives in u and u know he isn't cosigning sex b4 marriage, u r raping christ!"
"is saying in her r g  voice\don't waste your cancer!\"" we've all had somethin n our life that god had 2 bring us out from no matter how holy u look u r an ex- something it was god who brought u out not ur own power r desire truth be told a whole lot of us enjoyed our \""cancer\"" but it was by god's grace and love for us we were able to see the ugly truth and yeild to the holy spirit's conviction!"""
how long is tooo long for parents to not establish paternity?is there a problem in not wanting it to be established for fear of child being introduced to a lifestyle contrary to the current parents lifestyle once visitation is awarded by the courts? just want to know what yall think is right and fair in this situation 
"just got back 4m da park wit my sis, bestie d, danaye,daneishia n my mommy yes dats right folks my mom came when i extended da invitation thank u lord 4 da beautiful day n e playful erience  im n awe of how u can turn situations, relationships around im certain dat god can restore any relationship if we submit n let him work thru us life is great!!"
is wonderin am i da only 1 basking n da peace & joy of da lord? i feel so content im mesmorized dat nothin shakes me like im totally confident dat my daddy got me!!lord i give u all the praise honor & glory!!lord im n awe of ur grace & kindness 2wards me!!lord i kno i'm unworthy of it all & 4 everything u do i say thank you!
"is screaming u r alive! so give <propfemale> & honor 2 god, worship him n truth with ur mind body & soul!do u realize the devil has been trying to kill u since ur mothers womb some of us r products of rape,drug habits,prostitution and some were lucky enuf 2 come 4m a lovin union but reguardless 2 how ur earthly birth came about ur heavenly father was with u 4m birth til now!"
"n my mar <propfirst> voice= u don't seem 2 have a problem win my language is profane but ur insulted n offended win i say \in jesus name\"" but still i bow my head & close my eyes n fall 2 my knees bcuz my conviction is much stronger than my need 2 please ya see my grandmama told me ya better tell the truth    its like boom 1st comes the smoke      and then the fiyah """
christ died that you may live! will you live a holy life for him?what will it take for you to choose him?how long will you bring <propfemale> to the devil who hates you and seeks to kill you?why not choose the lover of your soul?i pray that the scales will fall from your eyes and by the spirits conviction you would yeild willingly to the life god created you for lord prick their hearts!
praise be to god for he alone is worthy for my life being what it is today!!fb family my application got picked to go on the mission trip to africa i am soooo excited i don't know all the details yet but i know i will have to raise money to go so pray for me and about if god will be using you as one of his vessels to get me there i can't wait to get started i pray his perfect will to be done!!woo hoo!!
always wondered why was judas picked to betray jesus  could it b  bcuz judas often helped hisself 2 the money n the money bag(john12:6)that he left the door open 4 satan 2 manipulate n poisin his thoughts?what is ur pet sin that u think no1 knows about that has allowed satan 2 poisin ur thoughts 2 think its ok 2 betray the 1 who died 4 ur sins?what has u bowing b4 it n refusing 2 worship ur father?
"i'm loved! i'm adored!i'll always b the apple of his eye!i don't deserve it n he still blesses me!i'm 4ever ndebited 2 u lord!i long 2 please u!i want 2 glorify u n all i do!lord, thank u r showin me true love! i thank u 4 showin me my worth!lord i love u, i magnify ur holy name!u alone r worthy of all the glory!if god is good 2 u, tell the lord thank you "
all men were created n god's image 2 bring him glory r we abominations when we choose da devil's lies nstead of his truth? i'm talkin bout people who kno what dey r get n n2 wit seances n witchcraft  i have a sympathy 4 'em bcuz i kno da end result  i just think dey r lost n da illusion n that reality was 2 much 4 'em 2 deal wit so dey chose a lie  am i wrong 4 havin pity or sympathy?
everybody keep sayin im glowing but i dont use c it  i kno i dont use noxema or nutragena and yall kno i ain't got no bun in the oven  cud it be my fathers irredescent glow that is exuding 4m me  im not sure but thank u lord for the glow!
"is where god wants me to be and that is a blessing in it self  i am not <propmale> in money but boy am i <propmale> in spirit and i can say this is the bestest feeling in the world! i no longer let things consume me, i bring everything & thought under submission of christs' power that sets itself against what i know god has ordained for me! i am confident that my daddy is gonna do everything for me that he says in his word!"
"in the begining was the word and the word was with god and the word was god  <propfirst> 1:1  the word became flesh and made his dwelling among us  we have seen his <propfemale>,the <propfemale> of the one and only who came from the father,full of grace and truth <propfirst> 1:14"
"when you were dead in your sins      god made you alive with christ he forgave us all our sins,having canceled the written code,with its regulations,that was against us and that stood opposed to us;he took it away,nailing it to the cross and having disarmed the powers and authorities,he made a public spectacle of them,triumphing over them by the cross  col 2:13-15"
"why do i put god in the what if box  the lord said do this i say, what if i do it this way  what if i do it next month  what if they don't like my decision?the lord says step out i got you!well lord what if they don't understand?what if its uncomfortable?how would we feel if god said, \what if i don't send my son to die for you?what if i don't forgive you?\""thank you lord for not having the what if mindset(d  <propfirst>)"""
don't think im judgin r pointin da finger at u wit my posts! 2 keep it 100 i kno 4 a fact at least 75% of u have e playful erienced da old <propfirst> who indulged in sin  ive been there done a whole lot of that but now i know better n <propfemale> 4 all friends 2 kno da truth as well so please see it 4 what it is a plea for u to reconcile with god!accept christ become a new creature!
"but if serving the lord seems undesirable to you, then choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods your forefathers served beyond the river, or the gods of the amorites, in whose land you are living  but as for me and my household, we will serve the lord \joshua 24:14-16"""
"is prayin against the spirits of strife & deception attacking families & marriages bringin rebellion n division 2 children n parents & husbands n wives  god allow the enemy 2 b e playful osed n god allow truth 2 b seen, heard n comprehended by every1 involved  god let forgiveness, compassion and love envelope every1 involved saints b n prayer with me "
"anger,bitterness,unforgiveness,strife,malice has no business n the heart of the believer  those things r of the devil who is ur father?jesus is ur example he led a perfect life ,free of those things  god gave you his spirit so you have the ability to conquer all things that try to take resident in your life that are contrary to the will god has 4 u "
"could it be your child's disobedience and rebellious behavior is a reflection of the way you are disobedient to god  just a thought,things that make you go hmmm    i know it may seem like a stretch and in some cases don't apply at all to your situation but it just came to me like an epiphany  hope it helps someone "
"is writting a paper on corporal punishment in schools and i want to know your thoughts on it parents, teachers or if you are a student tell me what you think\should an authorized person be able to unleash the dragon(a belt or paddle) on your child?\""for real tell me your thoughts i am all for physical disciplining in the schools when the ghild's behavior is deserving of it """
"i love you enough to watch you walk away i won't comprimise my faith or my witness  when your heart is pricked and its your time to acknowledge christ i will still be here, the same ole <propfirst> just with a few extra perks  know that my love for you goes beyond sex or money and my <propfemale> is that you be saved and know christ for yourself  a piece of my heart leaves with you!"
"disease infested, dead, strung out, hooking, raped, barren, homeless, insane, friendless, some of these ive known 1st hand others i cudda been but u covered me from and i just want 2 say thank u lord 4 being my healer protection and my help with out u where wud i b"
"holiness is the result - not the reason - in god's choosing you  god doesn't choose deacon <propfirst> or usher <propfemale> because they are soooo holy  god took <propmale>, a hitman of god's chosen people, and brought many people to christ via paul(the new man that came after <propmale> submitted to god)  in the same way he can and will utilize you when you submit to his will for your life "
"when we(christians) react in the flesh we are being rebellious to god  romans 8:7-8 the sinful mind is hostile to god  it does not submit to god's law, nor can it do so  those controlled by the sinful nature cannot please god  so if god has given you a shepard and you trust him her(being mindful the shepard is the one with a vision) why continue to question his her direction?"
a dime bag of weed = $10a hotel room with some your good joog coming through = $100  being delivered from both and recieving salvation = priceless     nah tell the lord thank you
"he came to fulfill the law he came that i would have life more abundantly  he <propmale> ,shed blood, and died so i could live he was god in the flesh and is now seated at the right hand of the father  he lives!he reigns!he is jesus christ!hallelujah! thank you lord!"
2 2 - because i got the holy spirit i aint never scared i aint never scared(dedicated to pastor r  goines)
"(in my bone crusher voice)because i go to church they think imma punk    when it comes to praise and worship you know i get crunk    because i got the holy spirit, i aint never scared i aint never scared i aint never scared(r g  remix)"
eph 6:17 im always strapped  cause the words on my heart   up in romans 8    we would never part    verse 38 onto 39   in the book of life     my name is written down     probably underlined   (gtk)
"is reminiscining and praising god for every mother figure he placed in my life  realizing his provision was perfect even when i had no clue to the effect these women would have on my life auntie <propfemale>, kimmy, auntie <propfemale>, <propfemale> brown, auntie sheris and t melda,\ thank you!\"" for the role you all played in my life and i most of all give the honor to god for restoring me and my momma's relationship """
"enjoy ur day filled with love, knowing u were chosen by him above to rear, nurture, teach, and discipline each 1 of ur seeds, and take care of all of there needs  remember  u can do all things thru god who gives u strength,  knowing u will run the race no matter the length  b <propfemale> and do what u do, as i wish this happy mothers day to u  be blessed "
"it's not until you realize that god puts the air in your nostrils,and god saved you from death, disease not luck that you will be able to have a true praise in your mouth it is not by your own strength, knowledge or beauty that you can be who you are but it that which god has given you he is the author and finisher of life, without god we are nothing!"
are u repenting or regretting ur sin? the bible states true repentance leads to salvation salvation means accepting jesus as ur lord and savior ur lord hates sin and u should also  ask urself have i denounced and turned away 4m my sin(repented) or am i upset or embarassed about the repercussions of my sin(regretting)?
"did u know good people will be in hell on judgement day? good people who have not accepted christ will not be in heaven john 14:6 jesus said to him, i am the way, the truth, and the life: no man can come to the father but by me tomorrow is not promised accept christ today!"
"is n awe of our awesome god  people think we wait 4ever 4 god 2 answer our prayers but im truely amazed how god is doin things immediately  i kno his timing is perfect but the mere fact that an almighty god hears my prayers and is moving people, sendin confirmation, changin people's hearts so quickly makes me think that maybe he always moves this quickly but we can't see bcuz we r 2 distracted with life circumstances"
"on my way back to texas, sayin goodbye once again 2 my ex's,my use 2 b home~bad habits~ n my pimp juice,i was tempted but at ur word satans flunkies had 2 cut me loose,anything that sets itself up against ur will 4 my life will b brought 2 submission by the power n authority of christ jesus, bcuz i am more than a conqueror thru him i am not conforming 2 my flesh "
"is thanking god for giving me friends that at anytime would be willing to listen to me and honest enuff to tell me when im trippin thank u;crystal <propmale>, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propmale> <propmale>,  joyelle ellow, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> athanase and  <propfemale> olguin for showin me love & friendship thru out the years u r deeply loved and appreciated "
"i used 2 equate sex n stuffed swishers 2 bringin me happiness but now i kno nothin compares 2 the peace of god that encompasses me after prayer  no good joog no bomb weed has ever given me this bliss a sense of euphoria  i mean u cant get no better than a god high let me b ur pusher i got jesus, god n the holy ghostwarning continual contact with god, jesus n the holy ghost leads 2 deliverance  "
"if there were no god, the stars wud fall, the sky wud turn black, the wind wud not blow, the ocean wud dry up, the birds wudnt chirp, the plants wudnt grow, there wud be no summer, fall, winter or spring, there wud be no ceremony with the wedding ring, becuz without god there wud be nothing god is the sole reason we exist!"
somebody needs to tell the lord thank u for his common grace  thank ya lord for the breathe of life u bless us with  thank u for our gifts that u bless us with  lord u are responsible for everything n our lives and i give u all the <propfemale> and honor bcuz it belongs to u and u alone thank u lawd!
is humbled by gods mighty works  i am in awe of how much u love us  i am unworthy of ur blessings and yet u shower me with ur goodness  i am forever endebited to my lord for i will praise him for the rest of my life and it still is not enuff for what he has done for me i thank u lord 4 all uve done for me! let ur perfect will be done n my life i want more of u lord 
"and being found in appearance as a human being, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to deathâ€”even death on a cross!therefore god exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name,that at the name of jesus every knee should bow,in heaven and on earth and under the earth,and every tongue acknowledge that jesus christ is lord,to the <propfemale> of god the father  ~ php 2:8-11"
was blessed today at i'm a daddy's girl  i am so touched to have been a part of something so beautiful thank you lord for the awesome time had today!and most of all god i thank u for the oppurtunity to share what uve done for me hallelujah lord i give u all the <propfemale> and honor and i thank u for having no respect of person that the same thing u did for me you can and would do for any of ur children 
hey who got that fiyah? i got that fiyah! u want that fiyah?no im not talking bout weed  im talking bout the messiah the only one with the consuming fiyah that is able to change the very thing u thought couldnt b changed  free urself accept christ 
"if we claim to be without sin, we decieve ourselves and the truth is not in us if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness if we claim we have not sinned we make him out to be a liar and his word has no place in our lives ~1 <propfirst> 1:8-10"
did u kno that god's chosen people(jews) revered him so much they wouldnt write his name on paper to prevent some1 mistakenly throwing his name in the trash wow how much do u revere god?do u nclude him n ur foul talk? reread ur statuses b4 u post and if u have god and a curse word(s) n it please erase one or the other have respect 4 ur creator 
when the spirit speaks to me with my whole heart ill agree and my answer will b yes lord yes!   yes lord yes 2 ur will and 2 ur way i say yeslord yes i will worship and obey when the spirit speaks 2 me wit my whole heart ill agree and my answer will b yes lord yes 
"theres somethin bout confession n testimony that brings bout a change n circumstance  4 those who witness my cardboard testimony,i didn't get 2 put god changed me i stopped seeking the apology that i thought i deserved, and god gave me compassion and sympathy but on yesterday that apology i used to want was given and i give god all the <propfemale> bcuz   "
"for i know that through your prayers and the help given by the spirit of jesus christ, what has happened to me will turn out for my deliverance i eagerly e playful ect and hope that i will in no way be ashamed, but will have sufficient courage so that now as always christ will be exalted in my body, whether by life or by death for to live is christ and to die is gain ~ php 1:19-21"
is flattered by the recent attention a few fellows have been giving me however i am not a cougar i am a lioness descended 4m the lion of judah  the pray i seek is different 4m the prey ur average cougar seeks  please recognize i love the church scene not the club scene 
eany meany miney moe catch a demon by da toe if he holla let him go catch dat demon by his throat tell him the god u serveaint gonna take no mo den go head stump dat demon down to the floor cuz da word says satans under my feet so i put em n position when we have the <propmale> to meet  (big <propmale>)
"and we know that in all things god works for the good of those who love him,[j] who[k] have been called according to his purpose for those god foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the likeness of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brothers  and those he predestined, he also called; those he called, he also justified; those he justified, he also glorified ~romans 8: 28 - 30"
today has been a worshipfilled n joyfilled day  god blessed me wit awesome fellowship n yummy food  loving family n friends then my daddy ncluded me again to have a small part n his divine plan  he amazes me i am n awe of how faithful and powerful he is  just trust god his way is the perfect way 
"spirit recognize spirit  know that every devil n hell and on earth hates u  as strong as gods <propfemale> is for u to live life abundantly the devil and every one of his followers <propfemale> to kill u any thing that is n ur life that does not draw u closer to god re-evaluate it cause it cud be the very job, friend, house, hobby the devil plans on using to kill u "
u were created to worship him ! in spirit and in truth i will worship adore bless submit and surrender unto him  hallelujah! im souled out and set on glorifying my daddy lord i <propfemale> to be more like u im open 4 u pour n2 me lead me  have ur way n and thru me 
my god will supply all my needs according to his riches in glory if god be for me i will not focus on whos against me i can do all things thru christ who strengthens me i will continue to do good because i kno obedience is vital to please my daddy i trust u lord 
why do u think when most women r faced with rejection or abandonment they run 2 another man or woman 2 make them feel better instead of figuring out if they were part of the problem or the other person why not spend some time with urself and ask god to reveal why it happened take time after a break up 4 u and work on u  stop trying to find identity n relationships  find urself n christ then let him send ur godsent 
i have a praise n my belly that is automatic i have to press pause at certain times because i wont be able to do my work  oh how i love to give him glory my very existense is bcuz of him  he died that i might live his grace has kept me his mercy covered me  my heart is grateful  my soul says yes!god is worthy!if u read this go head and e playful ress ur gratitudefor the lover of ur souland savior!
koinonia white party was off the chain!it is a blessing to be able to fellowship afterhours with goodfolks n good music and not have to worry about shooting cursing and other vulgar stuff  thank u lord for a wonderful event and thank u koinonia for making it such a memorable e playful erience i love my church family u guys r da best!
"the far away land n the parable of the prodigal son is anything, person r place that takes u outside the will of god what n ur life woos u, seduces u, just stays on ur mind til u act on it sex,drugs,alcohol,some past relationship all these things r very tempting and enjoyable 2 an extent but none compare 2 the favor of god favor is unattainable n ur far country come home,christ is waiting let him fill ur void "
"my heart aches, my belly trembles, my ears burn as i hear unpleasant news and my spirit is burdened i empathize with you but some how hope is seeping through knowing we serve an almighty god knowing nothing can happen without him allowing it  if god has another plan for your life you have to trust him!the devil is defeated!"
god is love! christian r u showin love at all times?do u react 2 conflict n love r blunt force trauma?remember u've been called out 4m the world  we shouldn't react like the world does any1 who c's u should c and feel the love of christ exuding 4m you lord help us to rid ourselves of strife n confusion n react with compassion n love your will not mines!
its okay if ur hated  know that u have been called out to be seperated 4m the world  whats of the spirit the world hates bcause they are 4 their daddy(satan) ur daddy was hated rejected falsley accused and crucified  so if they hated christ what makes u think they will embrace u?i say if they aint hatin u r doing something wrong can people tell by ur walk who ur daddy is?
"complacency is of the devil!u cant cap off like a jobs pay  we should constantly evolve spiritually til death  our transformation doesn't stop once we talk n tongues, so what ur the worship leader!strive 2 b more & more like god for the rest of your days!"
communication is key! if god an all-powerful creator desires to hear from you all day long how much more is it vital to be in communication with those in your circle of family and friends? when was the last time you said i love you or just had a conversation with a family member? start today communicate with the ones you love!
"yall i feel so pretty! inside and out i know i've never considered myself to be ugly on the outside but it is like because i am god's child and i feel like my inside now matches the outside i'm even prettier! i feel like i've had my makeover and i'm gleaming beauty i don't know, i don't have the words but i feel sooooo great!!thank you lord!"
"can you see it, my father's iridescent glow! if you can't, put your god googles on and the shining light i'm speaking of you will know! it's warming to the soul and it comes from deep within  all you have to do to get it is let jesus wash away your sins! rid yourself of everything that glorifies the enemy  subit to god and let jesus's life be your epitome!"
"god works all things out for the good of those who love him and have been called to his purpose  do you love the lord? have you accepted him as lord and savior? if you answered yes to these questions, stop worrying, god got you no matter what it looks like or what you did good bad or ugly god will work it of for your good and his <propfemale>!"
there is a completeness and gratifacation that comes from obedience tn god   i am e playful eriencing true bliss itr better than any sex or weed high i ever had  i love glorifying my daddy and all the laniappe that comes with it thank u lord 4 all u do 4 me!
"my fire 4 da lord burns hotter than a dizzerd,sin had me bound but now i'm free as a bizzerd,had all that baggage wasn't goin no wizzerd,yes sir, 4 sure, jesus is my savior i'm focused not on the gift but the gift giver, and thats the way i livin not a care in da wizzerd, leavin my <propfirst> on the earth gtk was hizzerd  -----------grow the kingdom a*k*a <propfemale> <propmale>"
"the word can keep you away from sin or sin can keep you away from the word  which one describes you right now? if your in the latter, do something about woman,man or child of god  choose the righteous path and let the holyspirit led you everywhere so when the enemy rears his ugly head you can rebuke him and keep on the straight and narrow  serve god and show the devil there is noooo compromise!"
"ex-fornicater, now celibate  ex-weed smoker weed, now i worship n spirit & truth e playful eriencing highs like no other  ex-slanderer trash talker, now encourager, prayer warrior, counselor & exhorter  ex- fighter n the flesh i could't seperate spirit from the person, now i know my battle is against evil princapalities n high places so i exercise my god given power and call down anything that is contrary 2 my daddy's will!"
"read <propfemale> 19 i'm n tears  homosexuality may not b ur sin of choice but what do we look like cloaked n sin 2 god  choosing 2 live lives that please ur flesh nstead of rebuking the enemy & starving ur flesh  it's heart wrenching 2 realize how many times we give god the middle finger 4 sin  but like lot, we were rescued because somebody righteous prayed for us "
"if god feeds the sparrows and clothes the grass with lilies, why would you doubt god's ability to clothe and feed you and your family  it doesn't matter what you have in the bank or if you don't have a job know that god is able and stand on his promise, seek his kingdom and his righteousness and all these things will be given to you as well  luke12 smile 1"
is well aware that christ came that i cud have life n have it more abundantly n with christ i have <propfemale>  i'm also mindful that everything we do is not sin but it is not beneficial 2 the spirit  i also know whatever is of the flesh cannot please my father  i have my own convictions n my own past n i choose 2 b infuenced by the spirit on high not the spirit n the bottle 
"my name is signed and i've been sealed by the spirit, upon my death i will be delivered into the prescence of my father  i'm yours lord!hallelujah!!! how many of yall know fa sho'  fa sho' ya goin to be with your heavenly father? if you can say signed>sealed> delivered, i'm yours! rep it!!"
"teach me, o lord, to follow your decrees;then i will keep them to the end give me under-standing, and i will keep your law \       and obey it with all my heart direct me in the path of your commands, \       for there i find delight turn my heart toward your statutes \       and not toward self-ish gain turn my eyes away from worthless things; \       preserve my life according to your word  psalm 119 smile 3-37"
i heard something that made me go hmmmmm?!?! how many of us profess christ with our mouths but our lifestyles scream atheist?(a time for change)
thank you all for the birthday shout outs and wishes  this day will truely be a blessed one and i'm looking forward to enjoying my day  i gots much love for yall! thanks again!
"as always i'm humbled by the love shown to me thanks to everyone who shouted me out thru fb,texts,song,hugs i really felt the love fam  my birthday was blessed and i am still recieving gifts from above thank you lord! lord thank you for another year to bring <propfemale> to your name  send me lord i will go! i <propfemale> more of you and less of me, direct me lord! let your perfect will be done!"
"dear god, i'm more in love today than when i first surrendered  the more i think about you and all you've done and continue to do i am brought to tears  you love me! i can never repay you for what you've done but i pray that somehow someway i bring you joy through my words and deeds  lord i thank you for this blissfilled euphoric ecstacy i am e playful eriencing  thy will be done!"
"my feet hurt, my back hurt and i'm stanker that a slave who been in the cotton feilds who for got to put deoderant on  yall girl is tireder than a jamaican with 7 jobs  but i have a smile on my face because i know my daddy got the <propfemale> today! when i wanted to holler i said no this is for my daddy and pressed on lord let your perfect will be done "
"we want the attributes of god to be seen thru us, but when faced with a trial we (some of us) our true colors(flesh) come full front  guess what, you look most like god when you <propfemale> your cross  sacrifice, hurt, persecution, bear it and press through knowing you are more than a conqueror and god is with you "
"for those god foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the likeness of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brothers  and those he predestined, he also called; those he called, he also justified; those he justified, he also glorified  romans 8:29-30"
when you take your eyes off god  and onto the situation you switch the odds against you yourself  nothing is bigger than god! the battle can be won with god but when you take him out of the equation the result you hope for may not happen  trust god to do what's best for you and continue to pray for his will to be done in your life!
"christian, you are superman & sin is your kryptonite! don't allow your pet sin to deplete your power! you have been given authority and dominion over every sin, demonic influence, negative thought process, disease that brings ill will to your life through the blood of jesus "
jesus is the only way to the father! he is the truth and the light!willingly bow now or forcefully burn later  there is nothing that makes life worth living without god!
"i am sold out for christ! based on my life e playful eriences alone i know he is my source of everything! for since the creation of the world god's invisible qualitiesâ€”his eternal power and divine natureâ€”have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are without excuse ---romans 1:20"
"but you do not believe because you are not my sheep my sheep listen to my voice; i know them, and they follow me i give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one can snatch them out of my hand my father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my father's hand i and the father are one \ -romans10:26-30"""
"<propfemale> to god from who all blessings flow!god i thank you for your compassion and 4ever faithfulness towards us  i thank you for jesus replacing our fear w faith, anxiety w peace,sorrow w joy,hate w love,evil w goodness,lust w self-control, agita-tion w long-suffering,and our harshness w gentleness  we are undeserving but you still love us!"
"god has all power!!!he can resesitate, restore, n renew n e relationship,health issue, r hellish state u r n  he's waiting on u 2 submit fully 2 his will, surrender ur problems n right 2 b angry 2 him then stand on his word knowing he has never left u nor forsaken u! u r still alive despite the life that was meant 2 kill you, u r alive 4 a reason ask god what it is!"
"the devil is defeated!!! you have been given power & authority over all things demonically rooted! every sin known 2 man has been defeated bcuz of christ except death, but god made it so we  would not e playful erience the 2nd death that is the rightful punishment for sin,because of the ultimate sacrifice, we live,hallelujah! the blood the blood there's power in the blood!"
"a hardened heart is the devil's playground!in the natural the heart pumps blood to every part of the body  spiritually a heartened heart that rejects god is pumping poisin to every part of the body there is the poisin of unforgiveness,\bitterness,anger,rage,strife,disobedience,etc    if you are not careful you will be a victim of assisted suicide via satan "
if you can't admit to yourself that you have hurt or dissapointments that affected you deeply how can you ever acknowledge it before god  how can you relinguish a hurt to an almighty god if you deny it's there  the first step is admitting it's there!god is waiting for you to confess your right to be angry and let him have it  you have to let it go and let god 
"the weapons we fight with are not the weapons of the world  on the contrary, they have divine power to demolish strongholds we demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of god, and we take captive every thought to make it obedient to christ 2corithians 10:4-5"
to live a life and not know god is to have hell on earth and hell after you leave this earth  hell to the second power   sounds miserable to me  do you think that the hell one e playful eriences on earth has to do with the hellish desires we indulge in    do not be deceived: god cannot be mocked  a man reaps what he sows -galations 6:7
"do not deceive yourselves  if any one of you thinks he is wise by the standards of this age, he should become a \fool\"" so that he may become wise for the wisdom of this world is foolishness in god's sight  as it is written: \""he catches the wise in their craftiness\""-1 corithians 3:18-19"""
"in life it is so easy to get overwhelmed with our own lives that we overlook other peoples cry for help or just forget to show compassion to some one in need  what if you were the who needed a hug or just a hello or something as simple as a smile to let you know god has not forgotten about you?do not forget to entertain strangers, for by so doing some people have entertained angels without knowing it -hebrews 13:2"
never assume a person can't be helped  let god be god! who are we to write people off? i was reminded just now of how great and powerful god is  even when i was loaded god allowed a mighty woman of god to pray for me and a seed was planted despite my being high off of weed it is evident that god is able to speak to his children no matter what influence we are under drumroll***shout now!!!
lord in all i do i pray you are pleased  i am humbled to know your love  i am grateful for your grace and mercy  my mind doesn't understand why you choose to bless me the way you have but i acknowledge i am unworthy of it all and am overwhelmed with emotion to know in all my wretchedness you still love me thank you lord!
"though he stumble, he will not fall, \       for the lord upholds him with his hand  i was young and now i am old, \       yet i have never seen the righteous forsaken \       or their children begging bread  they are always generous and lend freely; \       their children will be blessed -psalm37:24-26"
"i am who god said i am  i will not comprimise my faith or integrity  my god will make a way 4 me to do all he has 4 me to do  no man, job or lack there of will stop me from living righteous im standing on his word he will supply all my needs according to his riches in glory thank u n advance father "
how do u e playful ect to hear what god is whispering to u when u dont listen to what he is speaking to u through his word (red dude n bible study last nite)
"rejoice always, pray with out ceasing  in everything give thanks; for this is the will of god in jesus for you  1thess  5:16-18"
"everybody longs to be loved and accepted and many of us <propfemale> the intimacy of companionship, but it's only when you accept the love of christ you truely understand what being in love and unconditional love and acceptance is  save your self alot of dissapointment and heartache ask him to come into your heart today!romans 10:9-10"
"how much <propfemale> did u bring the devil when u was n the world  indulging n sin boldly as a part of ur ritualistic daily routine  now that u have surrendered 2 god's will why wouldn't u, with the same tenacity you devoted 2 being ig'nant and satisfying ur flesh, affix urself and pledge allegiance to your father in heaven and do the fool for the <propfemale> of christ!"
"god has no respect of person  he breathe the breathe of life everyday on believers and unbelievers  if he has that much grace for his enemies why would he not do so much more for his children know who you are, know that god favors his obedient children!stop putting him in a box with your little faith!ephesians 3:20"
"when we sin we think we are getting away with something but the truth is we are just painting the picture even clearer that we are wretched,foul humans with an awful sinful nature that if left with out disiplanarians we would be a lawless, ruthless bunch   but god gave us a way out of depravity,triflingness and a whoremonger lifestyle thank you lord!"
"and we have the word of the prophets made more certain, and you will do well to pay attention to it, as to a light shining in a dark place, until the day dawns and the morning <propfemale> rises in your hearts  2peter 1:19"
"el shaddai, <propmale>, adonai, wonderful conselor, mighty god,everlast ing father, <propmale> of peace, the great i am, <propfemale> and <propfemale>, messiah, lord of lords, <propmale> of <propmale>s, jehovah nissi(banner), jehovah jireh(provider), jehovah rophe(healer), elohim, jehovah shalom(peace), jehovah m'kaddesh(sanctifier), yeshua   who has he been for you?"
hey where my koinonia women at?? i just wanna rep our winning the tug of war game at the moj woe fellowship today  thats right the women beat the men!!!!my body my body my body is the <propfemale> of the holy spirit and we the women of <propfemale> whooped the mens booties  bam!!!!
"who's worst, the person gossiping or the person listening? in the words of sistah <propfemale> \the next time someone comes to gossip just start praying aloud \"" and she is right either 1 of 2 things will happen when your done praying the person will have left or they will be there and know next time not to come to you with foolishness  try it!"""
i'm phoneless until sprint ships me a new phone so don't think i'm ignoring you  it's that i don't have my phone 
"<propfirst> 5:16 says-confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed  the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much ---all believers have been given christs spirit so we all have the ability to communicate with him confess your sins and know god hears you and will heal you!"
"do not give dogs what is sacred; do not throw your pearls to pigs  if you do, they may trample them under their feet, and then turn and tear you to pieces  ~ <propfirst> 7:6>>>pray for discernment in all things and be led by the spirit  recognize everyone doesn't love jesus christ and some have already made up their minds to reject him  pray for the lost souls!"
hey everybody text me ya number with a name i got the phone today yay me i'm back into the loop!
"(in my spoken word voice)u think ur all that & a bag of chips,truth is when u walk n2 the room no1 is doin flips  when ur goin thru u refuse 2 ask any1 2 help u, bcuz u focus on what they will say instead of what they do  go head and continue doin u but remember what i said, a closed mouth don't get fed! starve ur self til u've almost died,then mayb then u'll say somthin n 4get ur evil pride!"
let's rep for christ today!! let's give god <propfemale> for at least one thing you know without a shadow of a doubt him coming into your life has changed drastically   i'll go 1st    i used to have a filthy mouth everybody and they momma was a female dog but because of god transforming my mindset i now exercise my ability to speak without cuss(not curse)words every other word!praise jesus!
god has a plan for your life  the enemy has a plan for your life  be ready for both  just be wise enough to know which one to battle and which one to embrace (ms lauren ellow) which plan have you been embracing the one that leads to eternal destruction or the one that gives eternal life?
"being able 2 go b4 an almighty god is a blessing, so quit wasting ur <propmale> 2 b healed, delivered, r provided 4 by letting pride ruin ur prayer  what is ur heart's position, is it prostrate r upright? the sooner u realize that you don't deserve anything god has already done & god owe's u nothing the sooner u will b able 2 rebuke pride n lay prostrate (heart and body) b4 ur creator "
keeping quiet about jesus guarantees satan a measure of victory  hell doesn't need any more rsvp's  start talking! gossip the gospel!!!(osato agboaye) tell somebody today about jesus!
"is encouraged  i have this hope in my heart for my life  i am excited about god choosing an oppurtunity for me to go to africa to be used  i am not worried, the extent of my swahili is \akuna matata\"" and i got that thanks to \""the lion king\"" but for some reason i feel as though god is gonna move so mightyly that won't matter  god i'm not puttin you in a box have your way for your <propfemale>!"""
"realized i am guilty of not treating people with equality,point in case my brother(r i p  <propmale>) for years i watched my mother fight for my brother to be included, i thought she wanted to feel he was accepted  but the truth is if we are human in <propfemale> we have rights! disabled people have the right to do everything we do!i commend the mothers who refuse to accept no for an answer!"
the more intimate your relationship with god becomes you transform more and more and his invisible qualities are manifested through you  humble your selves spend more time listening to your daddy and less telling him what you want him to do for you  the more you hear his voice the more likely you are to answer to his call 
what can u do when u have a relationship that's strained & needing restoration but there r still lies being told? is it possible 2 restore a relationship where people r still lieing? besides praying 4 the person relationship what can b done? is it possible for someone 2 b honest wit u if they r not honest with their self?
"in the world there is black area>(satan gets the <propfemale>) and white area>(god gets the <propfemale>) no gray  how ever the devil is a liar and will say your in the middle your okay  gray is light black or dirty white any way it goes god cannot get the <propfemale> from \gray area\""  please do not be decieved the devil wants to kill you do not be seduced by his lies!"""
singles theres nothing wrong with desiring a particular type of mate and in all things we should make our requests known to god  the thing alot of folks who claim to want god's will for their life don't realize is most times what you want and what god has is two totally different things  keep praying and put your god goggles on before you miss out on your godsent!
"christians it is time that you get mad at the devil  all the emotions you hold on to for past hurts and situations focus it on the devil  recognize he is your adversary   not that man or woman  realize your are a child of god that has been given authority over him and his minions  release every lie, thought, skewed perception that he whispers in your ear!"
"2 my 'slippin' n 'dippin' professed christians, active in church leader positions,ur walk is ur witness! if ur walk don't match ur talk what kind of fruit r u producing? u think ur being discrete, god sees you! god cannot be mocked! please repent before u r e playful osed before ur peers! god i pray u bring conviction n they repent n line up with ur word! in jesus name, amen!"
christian if u offend someone u r 2 apologize whether u meant 2 hurt them r not  there is no <propfemale> 4 god 2 get when u walk away perfectly fine with someones feelings being hurt bcuz of something u said r did  if u have no remorse r compassion 2wards the person ur heart is hardened & its time 2 chin-check ya self  how can u call ur self christian yet u show no compassion r love 2 ur brother r sister 
i don't have the money to eat out everyday  i don't have the option to take vacation every year  i don't have the option to drive the finest cars  i don't have the option to buy e playful ensive clothes; however what i do have outweighs every worldly <propfemale> thought of and thats salvation and a daddy who has given me peace under any circumstance i'm faced with    what do you have?
there is a constant battle going inside the christian  spirit vs  sinful nature(flesh) know that you have the power to kill your flesh daily because of god's spirit that lives in you! choose to walk in author-ity slay your flesh and any other demonic force that trys to seduce to pleasing your flesh!those controlled by the sinful nature cannot please god ~ romans 8:8
"if you like this status i will post on your wall 1 something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 the color you remind me of, 3 my first memory of you, 4 the animal you remind me of, 5 ask something i've always wondered about you, 6 my favorite thingabout you,    7 give you a weird nickname, 8 challenge you to post this "
"facebook fam if you wake up 2moro find somewhere 2 go & tell the lord thank you! find a church 2 go fellowship at tommorow, god has a word 4 u! i pray that where ever u r that he protects u thru the night n u wake up with a praise n ur mouth 4 the lord  lord ur will b done, prick hearts n draw them 2 u, n jesus name, amen!"
"i know sometimes i can be a little over the top, but i am not exaggerating this  today was awesome, it was exhilerating, it was breathe taking, it was like i won the lottery  i had a blessed day! god i thank you for making this day so special for me, for speaking my language and making me feel so loved  i am humbled  by your displays of affection for me and my heart says thank you lord!"
"2 years ago 2day u were promoted 2 a place of rest where u r present w god  we often reminisce of all the good times we had with u  sometimes i wish u were here 4 me 2 hug, kiss r just lay eyes on once again but then i think how selfish of me 2 <propfemale> something opposite of god's will 4 ur life  i thank god for the time i had w u  r i p  benji,love your big sissy "
"d u like being made 2 look like a fool? well christian everytime we choose sin allowing the enemy our flesh 2 sway u 2 sin we look like idiots! we have been saved set apart 4m the world so we shud'nt do what they do! how foolish do we look claiming 2b jesus followers but practicing fornication,homosexuality,drug use (etc ) on a regular basis  i'm just sayin     think about it"
"\kids say the darnedest things\""~ i'm driving and my daughter is telling me about her day and all of a sudden she says \""what kinda man is that\"" i look up and there he was shirtless with dreds swinging in the most feminine way i had ever seen them swung with some \""get it girl\"" shorts on  i tell ya my lil one don't miss a thang  yall pray for me!"""
"who is the liar?it is the man who who denies that jesus is the christ  such a man is the anti-christ --he denies the father and the son  no one who denies the son has the father; whoever acknowledges the son has the father also ~ 1 <propfirst> 2:4 \when it comes to debating christian the bible always wins! stop having debates with folk who are operating in the antichirst spirit  they are liars!\"""""
"hey arlington and surrounding areas it's gonna go down at koinonia church today  come hear a word from on high today at holy ghost headquarters, 1151 mansfield- webb  come join us with a fellowship e playful erience you won't soon forget  god is calling you home, will you come just to \tell the lord thank you!\"" hope to see you there  god bless!"""
"yall god takes care of his children, needs wants! i have a ticket & dress 4 the <propfemale> n i ain't paid a dime! i know my daddy, he is still working on my shoes and jewlry, he won't fail! tell the lord thank you! i'm telling u continue n obedience & keep in contact with ya daddy he answers prayers! <propfirst> 6 smile 3 seek 1st the kingdom and his righteousness and all things will be added unto you "
codependecy sets you up to be controlled by a companian or become a coniving controller! christ-dependecy sets you up to be more than a conqueror! choose christ & conquer codependecy & control issues & confusion today!
"after my walk down memory <propfirst> on sunday i began to think about why i can freely speak of my past and not be ashamed or regretful   i dare to say i have been set free completely, no chains are binding me! hallelujah! i truely believe that if you can't talk about your past that some part of it still haunts you  if you can't thank god for it happening to you, you haven't recieved healing  think about it!"
"what if god e playful osed everyone, our ungodly conversations, vulgar text messages,secret pasttimes, perverted picture mails? thank u lord u allow us multiple chances 2 get it right! u r  gracious & merciful & u send warning b4 destruction! christian if u r guilty of n e thing n 1st sentence, consider this your warning!"
"praise god, he is worthy 2 b praised! he is the creator of the heavens & earth, the author & finisher of life, my help, healer, comforter, lover of my soul  there is none like him! he is the true & living god, who is able 2 do exceedingly more than i can ask r imagine! he will work all things out 4 my good bcuz i love him & have been called 2 his purpose!hallelujah!"
how long will u offer an almighty god blemished sacrifices? we r 2 offer our bodies as living sacrifices b4 the lord  god doesnt get <propfemale> until u repent & walk away 4m it nor does he dlight n blemished sacrifices  start 2day give god ur best (tithe 1st refuse to defile ur bodies know u were bought at a price and the least we can do is live holy b4 him 
i'll take the devils attacks any day because he is angry i am being obedient to god rather than have the wrath of god against me for disobedience christian stop allowing satans schemes stop u from doing what god has told u to do  life is gonna go on with or without u true but if god b with and 4 u whats so bad that god cant c u thru  whos greater god r ur problem?
"just because u have been baptized doesn't mean ur saved  some of u went down dry devils and came up wet devils(n my r g  voice)  when ur saved 4 real u e playful erience a heart change  please be aware god cannot be mocked or fooled  while ur fooling urself and man, god knows the heart of all men "
if u have any prayer request inbox me or text me with ur name and prayer request 
christian the enemy will use old passions 2 try 2 sway u remeber u r a new creature with a new walk  dont allow satan 2 seduce u n2 paying tribute 2 some1 who no longer exists  continue 2 live holy and blameless b4 ur father 
"some things are just better left unsaid  you have to choose your battles  stay focused on god and he will see you through everything  stay in the word, connect yourself to godly people who will hold you accountable  but if by <propmale> you are approached boldly speak the truth for the <propfemale> of god  only 2 things will happen conversion or flight!"
we have to love beyond the relationship  can u really say u love some1 if u r willing to watch then head down a path that leads to destruction and u say nothing  stop allowing fear to stop u 4m telling a loved 1about sin  ur silence is approval and u r hammering the nails n their coffin  trust god to water the seed u plant 
"the devil is a roach the word is the raid stop him 4m trespassin with a rebuke n jesus name walking n authority boldly evict his defeated behind and give him back the addiction of sex,drugs n wine  refuse his invites to orgies,fits of rage n sexual immorality resist the father of lies and he will flee"
i am my fathers child  when u look at me u can c him  i shine like brilliant diamonds  my worth is more than rubies and pearls  i am a lioness of judah  i am  empowered by the holy spirit i can do all things thru christ who strengthens me who r u?
secret sin sentences u 2 slavery 2 satan  seduced n seperated 4m friends n family sadly slipping slowly n2 solitude where satan simply shatters ur life n2 slithers of sum1 who stood sanctified until sin slid n serve  seducing spirits seperation sheets by shifting 4m sin to ur savior n surrendering submitting  and b souled out 
god wants u to choose him thru good and bad times  when things are uncomfortable dont turn to the things u use to do know god is with u and he is growing u  what ever god has called u 4m remain obedient through ur trial bcuz upon ur visit back to ur vomit the enemy may take ur life 
pride fools u n2 thinkn u dserve praise  but how foolish we r thinkn we r greater than our creator  man has been given grace n mercy by god the father  and the sooner we realize god dserves all the <propfemale> the sooner u will b able to kill ur pride and humble urself b4 the only true living god 
when we settle for a relationship of lust nstead of love we take a big crap on the plan god has for our life  god designed sex for marriage to consimate it and to allow his crowning creations to participate n a form of worship  how long will u allow ur sexual endeavors to b a filthy stench n gods nostrils nstead of the sweet aroma it was created to b?
"all scripture is god-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of god may be thoroughly equipped for every good work ~2 <propfirst> 3:16-17  for the word of god is alive and active  sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart ~hebrews 4:12"
god is soooooo good!today i left the house w o eating breakfast rushing to register for school  i was riding on fumes n had no money for gas let alone something to eat so staying at school seemed like my only choice  do you know god sent some1 on my pathway that offered to buy me breakfast and they didn't know my situation  i'll tell you god takes care of his children!
is going to bed with a smile on my face bcuz i know i am loved by god  he kissed me when i prayed really i dont kno if it was a kiss but i felt him and i know he loves me  god u r my rock my refuge my help and i love u thank u 4 c n somethin n me worth savin  u r worthy of all my praise 
"â€œin your anger do not sinâ€� do not let the sun go down while you are still angry, and do not give the devil a foothold  ~ ephesians4:26-27 kno who ur adversary is! its not the person but the spirit influencing them the devil hates u & desires 2 steal ur joy (n he doesn't care who he uses) choose 2 keep ur cool n not turn n2 somthin that looks like a demon "
"i kno ur gone 4m dis earth but present n my memory  2day wudda been ur birthday if u were still here  so im closin my eyes tappin n2 my imagination sensory  i c u, happy birthday benji, i love and miss u my dear  gone but never 4 gotten  rip <propmale> armant "
he has showed you  o man what is good  and what does the lord require of you? to act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your god? ~ <propfirst> 6:8  (inbox me prayer requests)
"then he [jesus] said to them all: â€œwhoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross daily and follow me for whoever wants to save their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for me will save it what good is it for someone to gain the whole world, and yet lose or forfeit their very self? <propmale> 9:23-25"
"come support me and my mission team members  we are having a garage sale and car wash saturday november 20th  @ 1151 mansfield-webb, arlington tx  76002  all proceeds will go directly towards our 2011 <propfemale> africa mission trip  all donations are welcome hope to see u there  god bless u  thank u n advance "
"come support me and my mission team members  we are having a garage sale and car wash saturday november 20th  @ 1151 mansfield-webb, arlington tx  76002  all proceeds will go directly towards our 2011 <propfemale> africa mission trip  all donations are welcome hope to see u there  god bless u "
"christians n <propfemale> and other various parts of the world r put 2 death just 4 claiming christ? u have been blessed 2 b able 2 praise, worship r proclaim christ anywhere u please bcuz u r a us citizen ttlty 4 freedom 2 worship him n spirit n truth w o b n murdered 4 it hallelujah!we r a privaledged people  pray 4 the president n government 2day "
i am estatic  i am filled with lil butterflies  i am surprised that i am reacting n such a way but i have an uncontrollable smile  i am happy to b alive and well  thank u lord!
"i find joy n the smallest things  i know most wud say im dramatic but i am soooo grateful to have a roof over my head, gas n my car tank, food n my belly  be grateful over what u do have and what u dont have wont seem so bad trust god to provide 4 u are u not worth more than a sparrow? know if god provides 4 the birds and flowers he will do so much more 4 his child  trust god not mammon!"
"how u livin'? r u livin how u were created (n the image of god,wonderfully and fearfully made) or how u were born (n sin, death sentence on ur head)? to have jesus is to have life!to have jesus is to have the power to live righteousness,the authority to annihilate every devil that rears its filthy head  christian choose to live the life u were created for and make ur daddy jehovah proud  glorify him n all u do!"
god i thank u 4 lovin me when i didnt love myself  i thank u 4 lovin me when i loved myself more thani loved u  i thank u 4 being a faithful father  to an ungrateful child back then and being all that i need now  i am thankful 4 all u have done  i love u lord let ur perfect will b done n my life 
anything that you have to keep a secret from friends and family is a plan the enemy will use to bring you down! he will use a spirit of division and confusion to keep you in sin! e playful ose him and confess the sin and be freed! unconfessed sin leaves you in prison to him! lord i pray ur children repent and u allow the scales to fall from their yes that they would see clearly!
"i am thankful for god renewing my mind!i am grateful 4 every1 n my life, my friends as well as my enemies (whom ever they are)  i pray the peace of god rests on u all and his joy overflows 4m u  happy thanksgiving to u all!i love yall!"
"the god who made the world and everythng n it is the lord of heaven and earth and does not live in temples built by hands and he is not served by human hands, as if he needed anything because he himself gives all men life and breath and everything else  ~acts 17:24-25 (ttlty he is god alone and the sole sustainer of ur life hallelujah!)"
just left the show and they got people n tents n a line at best buy n mansfield  sorry folks it will never get that serious 4 me to freeze 4 a deal  good luck to those who r shoppin the black friday madness
r u up wit nothin to do? if ur n the arlington area  come to our hour of power prayer service this morning from 8-9am  come and lay n the masters prescence or dance like <propfirst> b4 him  which ever u choose know that he specializes n heavy burdens and his yoke is light so come and attach urself to him and willingly give ur troubles to him who is able to do more than we can ask r imagine 
hour of power prayer service this morning from 8-9am 1151 mansfield-webb arlington tx  come and lay n the masters prescence or dance like <propfirst> b4 him  which ever u choose know that he specializes n heavy burdens and his yoke is light so come and attach urself to him and willingly give ur troubles to him who is able to do more than we can ask r imagine 
we r all born with god given gifts and we were created to bring god <propfemale> who is getting the <propfemale> 4m the use of ur gift? r u a prophet r a pshycic? r u spreading gossip r the good news? r u fighting with ur fists r waging war n the heavenly realm against evil principalities? its ur choice  who will u glorify?
"show me your faith without deeds, and i will show you my faith by what i do you believe that there is one god  good! even the demons believe that -and shudder ~ <propfirst> 2:18-19 (do u have demon faith?christian, does ur walk match ur talk?actions speak louder than words!)"
"show me your faith without deeds, and i will show you my faith by what i do you believe that there is one god  good! even the demons believe that -and shudder ~ <propfirst> 2:18-19 (do u have demon faith?christian, does ur walk match ur talk?)"
"kind acts, worship,sacrificial giving and repentance all send sweet aromas to the master's nostrils but sin is equivelant to the stench of a diaper full of boo boo ?  what flagrant smell r u releasing 2day? do u smell like sweet perfume to man but like a load of crap to god? if so fix that immediately and repent?"
research paper done! thank u lord 4 my cuzzin named daisha growe jenerson who majored n english and has a kind heart and shares both her knowledge and nternet with me thank u daisha i really appreciate all u did to help me love u
"whom have i in heaven bu t you?and earth has nothing i <propfemale> besides you my flesh and heart may fail, but god is the strength of my heart and my portion forever ~psalm 73:25-26"
"god i thank you for the times you allow my mind to go back and remember where i cudda been!it makes everyday sweeter and every heartache deeper, only bcuz i know you are the sole reason i've made it! i am so grateful!(only problem can u give me flashbacks n places its okay 2 get rowdy i'm on my 3rd warning n the comptr lab ) ya know what have ur way, i'll give u <propfemale> everywhere u so deserve it!"
when we comprimise our faith by letting a little sin  slide  with out rebuke it just opens the door 4 the enemy to make u look like a hypocrite  show no favoritism sin is sin  don't fall 4 the okie doke  stand firm n ur faith rebuking and denouncing sin  you never know when god cud b using u to lead that person to him thru ur righteous living 
"the choice is always yours! we choose what and who we have relationships with  no1 or thing makes you choose it, it is by your own selfish desires you choose to have relationships with people and things that don't glorify god  {reÂ·laÂ·tionÂ·ship~noun \1  \a connection, association, or involvement } what and why are you connecting yourself with anything or 1 that doesn't please your daddy?"
"do u believe? have u been baptized? do u need to be healed? the word of god says those who believe will place hands on the sick and they will get well (mark 16:1 smile  trust god at his word  he can not fail nor lie lay hands on urself, pray god's word back to him and believe and wait n e playful ectancy for him to make u whole  god is able! do u believe him at his word? i do! he is able and willing!2 god be the <propfemale>!"
god will not bless u with that special some1 until u let go of ur past sum1  why wud god give his child to u and ur not able to recipricate the love and adoration ur god sent is gonna give u all becuz u cant get passed the last person who hurt u or u still layin down with them  remember 2 holy singles make a whole couple!that was free!(p r goines)
"stop taking things so personal  everybody isnt ready to accept the truth of christ  dont react foolishly when they reject jesus  dont get an attitude just pray 4 them that god would draw them  <propfirst> 6 :27 ~no one can come to me unless the father who sent me draws him,and i will raise him up at the last day  know that god is able to soften the hearts of men just pray gods will for them "
"yall i have the j0y of the lord, i woke up happy just because  i cant stop smiling for some reason, okay i know the reason  i have langiappe(sp  chk)!"
"join me at hour of power,start ur day of by laying all ur problems and worries at the alter  come soak in the master's prescense this morning 4m 8am to 9am at 1151 mansfield-webb in arlington tx hope to see u there! do u need prayer or need to pray? do urself a favor and e playful erience the release  if u cant come inbox me ur prayer requests "
bout to celebrate wit the girls  all n honor of <propfemale> <propfirst> my bestie  we love u d see u n a minute suga
we had a blast! it was a wonderful time laughin eatin and fellowshipin  on da way home gonna get n da good ole bed tell the lord thank u n den me n da sheeps got business  ladies i truely njoyed u all  i love u <propfemale>  gdnght fb 
because of who he is i will seize every oppurtunityto give him honor for he alone is worthy of all my  praise! lord i <propfemale> to glorify u n all i do  order my steps 
"in the beginning was the word and the word was with god and the word was god  the word made his dwelling among man and we have seen his <propfemale> the <propfemale> of the one and only who came from the father full of grace and truth ~john 1:1,14 [he is the living word, the one who was, who is and who will come back  his name is jesus christ and he's my lord and savior!"
"lord i pray 4 the faith of shadrach, meshach and abednego, that whether on foreign land r familiar territory i will boldly stand 4 you! that no matter what threats i am opposing that i would willing choose u!lord i love u and i kno u love me back! i am reminded continuosly of that and i'm grateful 4 both ur love and proyection  lord i <propfemale> to please u n all i do  your perfect will b done n jesus name, amen "
do u ever just stop to look around at what u do have? i do it all the time and 2day i was brought to tears  i was humbled by how many people god has placed in my life that really love me  from vacherie to new orleans to texas i thank god for u all who have been a part of my life   i am blessed and 2day im reminded of all the friends and family and extended family i have 
for i know the plans i have for you declares the lord plans to prosper you not to harm you plans to give you hope and a future ~jeremiah 29:11(kno that even when u r exiled 4m the land u call home that no matter how long ur away god has a prosperous plan nstore for you  there is no place that god cannot reach u trust god to take care of you )
consider what god has done:who can straighten what he has made crooked?when times are good be happy but when times are bad consider:god has made the one as well as the other  there fore a man cannot discover anything about his future (kno that god is sovereign and controls everything;the good bad and the ugly acknowledge he has kept u n da past til now and kno n trust him to do the same 4 ur future 
leaving the <propfemale> and im all smiles  i had a great time!i felt like a <propfemale> and was escorted by a king ttlty if u had an awesome time at the <propfemale> 
yet again i am humbled by gods love shown to me thru his children  there is no better feeling than to know u r loved by an almighty god who has plans 4 ur future  lord i trust u and thank u 4 ur love and direction u give me  on a constant basis  i submit my will for urs have ur way n and thru me 
2 chronicles 2 :5-6~solomon says hes goin to build a great <propfemale> bcuz our god is greatest of all gods  he asks how is it possible to house a god that the heavens cant hold then says he will use the building to yeild sacrificial burnt offerings today our bodies are the <propfemale> of god  what kind of sacrificial offerings are u yeilding to god through ur <propfemale>?
"\beauty is in the eyes of the beholder\"" is what the world tells us  i dare to say god created beauty so he should know his creations  stop letting the world define u and ur beauty!u were fearfully and wonderfully n the image of god!what is more beautiful than god? walk n confidence knowing u r beautiful!"""
"lord u r all powerful, all knowing and just n all u do  i acknowledge u as my savior, provider,healer and lord  i am humbled bcuz i kno i deserved death but u chose to give me life 4 that i say thank you! i give u all the <propfemale> 4 u alone r worthy  i love u and <propfemale> to please u n all i do  use me lord, ur will b done "
"lord thy will b done  i willingly submit my life to u  i <propfemale> to be filled by u  lord send ur <propfemale>, annoint me 4m head to toe  let me feel cloaked n ur prescense  envelope me n ur love  when i open my mouth to pray let them hear and feel u allow ur healing power and ur annointing that destroys yolks to b n ur house today  show up, show out & set free on 2day  n jesus the christ name, amen "
"been there done that i dont wanna b a trophy girl sad truth is n reality u just n his fantasy world ur the perfect accessory 2 his pimp fit he prefers u on his arm rather than on his neck a mr  t  starter kit u thinkn there r things that cud b worse but playin the lead role as \airhead barbie\"" is a curse value the beauty thats with n me \""showing me off\"" will birth my <propfemale> to flee (not random thoughts)"""
"i have so many reasons 2b thankful      4 lack of time i just want to say \thank u lord 4 all uve done 4 me!\"" lord i give this day 2 u  have full reign n and thru me order my steps speak thru me as i pray above all i pray ur pleased with all i say n do  go b4 me and i bleed the blood on every attack of the enemy n the name of ur son and my savior jesus the christ i ask all this according to ur will  amen """
my heart is smiling! thank u god 4 everything gdnght fb im going 2 sleep with a great big ole cheesed up grin on my face  i am blessed!
"2 <propfirst> 13, is juicier than any drama ive seen  amnon secretly lusts after his sister  after seeking counsel 4m a wicked man his lust births rape  his sister is disgraced n lives desolate n her other brother,absalom, home  their daddy <propmale> <propfirst> does nothing which leads to absalom hatred 4 his brother eventually birthing murder wow n its a true story  ur fruit e playful ose what consumes u!"
instead of self gratifacation try savior glorification!we have the spirit of the living god n us  we have his fruit  stop paying homage to ur old man in christ we all have been made new and we are more than conquerors! i am brand spankin new and i choose to glorify god n all i do!hip hip hooray! <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>2 the lamb  his will b done!
i am smitten! the lord favors me!god is 4 me and i dont care who is against me  i win no matter what!ttlty!thank ya lord! rejoice for god loves his children and is faithful towards us  he works all things for our good! rejoice!
"(n my <propfemale> ezelle voice)when i die what will they say about me about the work that i have done? that song is n my head this am and its makin me think  fb what will god say about the work uve done?will u hear \well done my child\"" or \""i never knew you away from me you evil doers!\"" don't live ur life unsure  get right today! ask jesus to come n2 ur heart n 4give ur sins ~romans 10:9"""
"family n friends i wish u the merriest christmas ever!i pray this be a blessed day 4 u all filled with the love n joy of christ n ur hearts  remember christmas is about the greatest gift given to the world, baby jesus who is the word that became flesh and made his dwelling among us! <propfemale> un2 the lamb of god,the christ the savior of this world! happy birthday jesus!"
"<propfemale> b 2 god!this is the day the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad n it!if u woke up this morning ttlty(tell the lord thank you) no matter how bad ur situation, trial, relationship a praise should b n ur mouth bcuz god is worthy!hallelujah!stop focusing on ur don't haves and focus on ur haves and attribute it to the father u have them feel the weight lift as u give the father what hes due!"
"<propfemale> b 2 god!this is the day the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad n it!if u woke up this morning ttlty(tell the lord thank you) no matter how bad ur situation, trial, relationship a praise should b n ur mouth bcuz god is worthy!hallelujah!stop focusin on ur don't haves and focus on ur haves n attribute it to god u have them feel the weight lift as u give the father what he deserves!"
"one thought of u and i smile  watching u across the room gives me butterflies  one hug 4m u and the blood rushes thru my body ferociously  ur voice quiets my storm i close my eyes and still can see, hear and feel u  my heart is smiling     "
"2 days later and god is still blessing my baby with christmas gifts  special thanks to <propfemale> & secou <propmale>, <propfemale> brown, <propfemale> ellow, <propfirst> & <propfemale> pea, <propfemale> & <propmale>  <propmale>, <propfirst>, b j , and <propfemale> for being a blessing to my suga  all of ur acts of kindness were heartfelt and i truely am appreciative to god 4 u all  thank u & god bless yall!"
"cpr~christ promotes relationships (shout out to <propfemale>  law this is her ministry name) i woke up thinking about sum1 and prayed 4 relationships this am  christian if u have christ, communication & commitment u have everything u need 4 a healthy relationship  i encourage u 2 exclude secrets they bring division and include christ thru prayer   just my thoughts   "
where the spirit of the lord is there is liberty!~2 corithians 3:17 christian u have been given gods spirit u have been given liberty!walk n authority knowing u r no longer bound  satan desires 2 keep u oppressed but bcuz of who ur daddy is u can walk free  confess n denounce ur sin then repent n serve satan n ur pet sin divorce & eviction papers 2day  glorify god n every area n ur life!
"god chose levites 2 <propfemale> the arc  of the lord u were chosen 2 <propfemale> his spirit  levites carried the arc on their shoulders w poles rejoicing, dancing,n praisin  <propfirst> danced out his clothes; we know it had to be goin down  how much more radical praise should we be yielding since his spirit lives n us! recognize ur worth, ur blessing and twerk somethin cuz u got jesus n u!"
"i am who i am so i'mma be who i be  my walk ain't yo walk  you can't see me  nope i'm not a ninja just a child of god livin' holy & blamless you can't say amen, then just nod i don't need your approval nor your vote for confidence  i am who i am souled out 4 jesus,final destination a heavenly province!"
"u wear no cologne but i know ur scent  i look around 4 u after the 1st whiff  a simple \hello\"" turns my knees n2 jello  if our eyes meet my heart skips a beat  when we hold hands electricity ignites with n me  i dont understand how it happened n a jiffy  2 me the only e playful lantion is god sent me spiffy """
obey me and then i will be your god and you will be my people  you must walk in every way i command you so that it may go well with you ~old testament god wants his children to abide n him  he desires obedience as an act of worship  submit ur will for the will of the father so that you may e playful erience the peace that surpasses all understanding and the joy of the lord! choose obedience 
when philo meets eros  and is blessed by agape what do u get?
"so i,ve made my decision   i'm not doing it! no new year's resolution 4 me; nstead i choose evolution! lord evolve me n2 what u <propfemale> me 2 b! lord lead me n2 & thru out the new year in all i do  lord i <propfemale> 2 please u n all i do  envelope me with ur prescence, whisper n2 my ears, saturate me with ur love & compassion so i can share it with others  i <propfemale> more of you!n jesus name!"
"are u a prostitute? do u share ur love with strangers in order to gain something? in the nt we learn that christ is our husband and we r his bride  he is our 1st love  so why do we constantly live loose lifestyles, giving our love to some1 or somethin other than god all to gain self gratification? stop getting pimped by ur flesh and surrender ur mind, body & soul to god!"
"submit yourselves, then, to god  resist the devil, and he will flee from you  come near to god and he will come near to you  wash your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you double-minded ~james 4:7-8  are you seeking god? desiring to feel more of him? let 2011 be the start of something new! surrender, submit, slay flesh & seek god's will!"
"don't be fooled by the enemy, recognize his tactics a mile away  stop trying to put a \comma\"" where god has placed a \""period\""! trust god in his sovereignty to do what the enemy  is telling you needs to be done by you  (<propfirst> 1 devil 0)"""
"god has plans to prosper u not harm u, he has plans 4 hope n ur future  the devil wants 2 oppress u wit past mistakes hopin2 ensure ur present is riddled with sin   u r a king's kid! walk n autority taking captive every thought that rises up against god's will 4 ur life!demolish every arguement every slithering tongue that sets itself against what u know the word of god says!"
"bitterness blinds u! <propfemale> 1~ <propfemale> is so focused on what she has lost she refuses to c what she has been blessed with  a daughter n law loyal to her, traveling grace, her health n life what blessings has bitterness caused u to over look!?!"
god is always working things out for ur good  there r no coincedences! god is a god of purpose every thing he does is another piece towards the plans he has to prosper ur future  lord i recognize what u have done and im grateful!i am humbled that u love me so much that u wud give me such a reward 
n a room full of people but when our eyes meet we r alone  i smile at u then u wink back w o a thought of what people will think words arent exchanged but the language is understood i never thought it wud be me  but now that it is i'm good! ttlty!
i thank u lord 4 giving me victory over every thing that had me bound!it is truely a blessing to go n2 the dark and be a bright shining light! i give u all the <propfemale> 4 w o u i wud still be n a pool of sin drowning! u r so worthy!ttlty!
"are u angry all the time? do u have fits of rage? christian, there is no reason a child of god should transform n2 something that looks r sounds like a devil  we are fruit bearers! resist the devil and choose to bare the fruit of the spirit love, compassion, <propfemale>, gentleness & self-control "
its not our fault that people remember all the bad weve done  that just shows u went hard 4 the devil  once uve been saved its time to go harder 4 god  give them something else to remember! let ur light shine 4 the <propfemale> of the father and let them go run tell that 
has god done anything 4 u? have u told him thank u? when was the last time u stopped everything to talk to him? i invite u 2 come to koinonia church from 8-9am and soak n the prescense of an almighty god and commune with him  u can start with a simple thank u! 1151 mansfield -webb arlington tx  76002  come n start ur day n ur fathers prescense 
this righteousness 4m god comes thru faith n jesus christ to all who believe  there is no difference 4 all have sinned and fall short of the <propfemale> of god and r justified freely by his grace thru the redemption that came by christ jesus romans 3:22-24
"2 <propfirst> 12:15-25 god struck <propfirst>s child with illness  <propfirst>, knowing god is  merciful and gracious, fasted and prayed on behalf of the child  once the child was dead, <propfirst> got up, trusting god, knowing god is sovereign and just n all he does, and went back to his life and comfort to his wife  how do u handle death? do u ? god and his sovereignty?"
"i have the peace that surpasses all understanding! i should be worried but nstead i am n a spirit of praise with a heart fillled with gratefulness  thank u father n advance 4 what u r about 2 do  why wud i worry my daddy gots me!people if u say u trust him, trust him!he is able 2 do exceedingly abundantly more than u can ask r imagine   "
"saints be n prayer with me 4 protection of our babies  plead the blood over ur children, grand children, god children, nieces,  nephews, all kids!"
"guard your step when you go to the house of god  better to draw near in obedience than to offer sacrifice as fools do, for they are ignorant and do wrong ~ecclesiastes 5:1yall god desires to prosper us, he sets us up 4 blessings  he wants to bless u more than u want the blessing!dont miss out on ur breakthru, seek god, be obedient & rejoice n advance bcuz he is faithful! soe seed n2 gods kingdom & reap a harvest!"
"(n my madea voice) \im 4m the old school i beat da hell out cha 1st den ask questions later\"" ~if u was raised by old school parents shout em out """
"u say u want this and u want that!but god said seek my kingdom & my righteousness 1st then all these things will be added  know god desires to prosper u but to whom much is given much is qequired! he wants all of u, ur mind, body, spirit and soul  invite him n2 every area of ur life the parts u keep hidden and recieve healing  be set free 2day line up with his word! he's waiting on u!"
are u single with nothing to do between 7pm and 8pm tonite? konnect group~ singles south is meeting 2nite  bring ur bible and be ready to ndulge n some enlightning discussion  u can call me or k j 4 directions to my house  we will also have a lil something to eat up on as well  bring both ur appetite 4 the word n some good ole food 
"is ready for bible study tonight  providence is the subject and if you want an understanding from a theological point, join us!1151 mansfield-webb, arlington tx @  koinonia church  starts at 7pm and don't forget to bring your bible, paper and pens so you can write down the knowledge being given  i'll see ya there!"
what is maskin ur pain? as a defense we put walls (masking the pain) up  mines was humor  i refused 2 cry!i smiled when i wanted to scream!i laughed when i wanted to cry  walls stop u 4m healing bcuz u dont deal with the problem  i say cry out 2day tell ur daddy all about ur hurt the longer u walk around with masks the longer the real u is hurt & unable to heal and grow  let go & let god love on u!
"no matter the circumstance god deserves our praise! god is worthy! he is just n all he sees fit 2 do! do u realize u were born with a death sentence attached 2 u but god loves u so much he sent his son 2 die n ur place!(u missed ya shout que) if u woke up this morning u need 2 ttlty!\thank you lord!\"""""
"i am the <propfemale> and <propfemale>, the beginning and the end, the first and the last ~rev  22: 13  what does this scripture say to u?"
"believe me when i say i have sinned! i have done lots of things that were a disgrace to god  even now as i walk with god there will be times when i fall short, but god   abounding n grace and mercy, loving me so much will 4give me!i have a relationship with the father via the son! hallelujah! how bout u, r ur sins 4given? not sure? hit me up n my inbox we can fix that problem "
"loving god more than urself is a reward n itself! there is the peace, joy, confidence, gratitude like nothing else n life has given  i am humbled and soooo appreciative that he calls me daughter! i was chosen b4 time began, yall there is no greater love!thank u lord 4 loving me 1st!"
"will ur heart and soul say yes, will us spirit still say yes  if he tells u what he really needs will u say yes there is more that he requires of the  he wants your obedience "
"yall im content knowing that i am living a life thats pleasing 2 god!im humbled bcuz i kno he brought the change that allows me 2 e playful erience what i am now! thank u lord 4 never leaving me and always showing me im n ur thoughts thru ur children  special thanks to <propfirst>, k j , <propfemale>, scherron and <propfirst> for making this week blissful by letting god use u all to bless me  i love that yall love on me!"
i cried out to him with my mouth;his praise was on my tongue  if i had cherished sin in my heart the lord would not have listened;but god has surely listened and heard my voice in prayer  ~psalm 66:17-19 (is god listening to ur prayers or has ur pet sin caused him to press the mute button on ur voice?)
words wont do justice to accuratly portray what im feeling  so im going to resort to an over exagerrated display n an attempt to help u understand  (im jumpin hysterically with a cheesed up smile as i gaze at a picture of u i feel as though ive hit the mega million lottery im dancing with no music all bcuz u r n my life) i am blessed!tyl!
"come get that fiyah word 2nite @ koinonia church, 1151 mansfield-webb, arlington tx  bible study is going down for 7pm  i'll see ya there baby!"
"(n my spartan voice) \greater is he who lives n us than he who lives n the world! the devil is defeated! let the holy spirit n u reign thru ur body and empower u to slay anything that raises its filthy head    n an attempt to sway u to sin!walk n authority! serve satan notice 2day we bustin heads wide open! its war time! where my soldiers at   """
in <propmale> 6 it tells us the same messure we use to judge folks is what we will get n return  in 1 corithians 5 it tells us to judge those who bare christs name  r u quick to judge ur fellow kinfolks w o love r compassion? by all means keep it 100 n callin a spade (sin) a spade (sin) but dont 4get about galations 6:1 or where u came 4m when approaching the person 
(with tears n my eyes) thank u lord 4 loving me like u do  u have blessed me yet again  yall i am broker than broke but i feelso <propmale>  i am loved and finally i am reciprocating what im being given  no walls*no games*no manipulation*no fear~just true love!
"night of worship! koinonia church, 1151 mansfield-webb, arlington tx  featuring: <propmale> butler, me me johnson,tree <propfirst>, <propfemale> pratt and <propfemale> <propfirst>!come and worship with us! 2nite 6pm to 8pm  see u there! come worship god for who he is!"
"but by god's grace i am what i am, and his grace towards me was not without effect  however, i worked harder than any of them, yet not i,but god's grace that was with me ~1cor 15:10 {is <propfirst> sayin its god alone who deserves <propfemale>? yes! yes! yes! gods grace is y u r up n able 2 do what u do! god givesevery ability we have,we do nothing by our own power!2 god b the <propfemale>!}"
"he say he like poetry so i'm writin this 4 him  we go 2gether, i'm <propfirst> krammer and u my shem u my \mandingo warrior\"" and im ur \""white girl\""  together we make a <propmale> chocolate n vanilla swirl being with u is sweeter than a hershy kiss  ur truely god-sent 2 bring me this much bliss i'm filled wit joy daily bcuz of u n this is just 1 way im saying i love u!"""
"words of wisdom: the \easy way\"" is sure to cause u problems n the end  {n 1 kings 12 gods people chose the \""easy way\"" nstead of traveling to jeruselem to sacrifice to god they settled  4 the shrines that were closer to them and the bible said it led to sin } what easier path have u chosen that has or is about to lead u 2 sin? choose the righteous way no matter how hard it seems!"""
"<propfemale> says in god we trust   but it seems money is her god so in her god she lust  see some would rather that this subject would not be discussed   but if we forget about the poor, god will forget about us  we would rather spend billions chasing oil in warfare   but we count every <propfemale> when it comes to health care  what's christian about that? (<propmale> adams)"
"its not until u realize how holy, righteous, merciful and gracious god is that you then are able to fathom how wretched, undeserving and foul man is as soon as you grasp that god is the sole reason  for you having life and everything else then you will be able to worship him in spirit and truth  god is worthy of all the honor, <propfemale> & praise worship him 4 who he is!"
"okay n a nut shell  i got a gift i can use it 4 the kingdom or i can use it 4 myself now everytime i grab the mic i'm tryna grab a life  now im tryna tell them that the lord is the way the truth and the light the goal is to get u to heaven  cuz hell is real don't let \i never knew u!\"" b the last words u hear  how real is that (gtk a*k*a <propfemale> <propmale>)"""
"ladies the rame way u can not understand things happening n ur life but remain faithful obedient and submitted to god u r to do the same with ur husband  when u choose to go against the head of ur house u r planting seeds of rebellion that will grow division, strife and havoc n ur household  submit as unto god!i pray whoeves this is for recieve it and be blessed through obedience  obedience is better than sacrifice "
"(n my <propfemale> copeland voice, right hand n the air testifying   right leg shaking 2 the beat) i just want 2 say thank u lord 4 all uve done 4 me!~fb can we just reflect on the grace n mercy of god this am  can we give him <propfemale> 4 all the times he has protected us, provided 4 us, healed us, held us, loved us when we didnt love ourselves  hallelujah! god i say thank u 4 continued grace n mercy 2wards me!"
a christian who cant share they testimony is a christian who hasnt attribute christ to delivering them  it is  impossible to keep the goodness of god to urself   at least 4 me it is 4 me  its like <propmale> all shut up n my bones! i am compelled to tell it! not to brag but to give him <propfemale> and others hope and encouragment!share christ goodness via 1 of ur testimonies 2day!
yall we r so blessed that we dont get what we deserve  i am humbled by gods grace and mercy with tears n my eyes i say thank u lord 4 keeping me when i chose the things of this world to comfort me nstead of accepting ur love  thank u 4 ur compassion and mercy that gave me <propmale> after <propmale> 2 get it right thank u lord that at my worst u saw somethin worth saving! hallelujah!
i will execute great vengeance against them with furious rebukes  they will know that i am the lord when i take my vengeance on them ~ezekiel 25:17 (christian stop hating other folks bcuz they celebrated ur failures and clapped when u were hurt  trust god to avenge u  leave the grudges to the heathens bcuz god will always give evil the rebuke and judgement it deserves)let go & let god!
when u find urself spending more time seeking ur hororscope daily rather than seeking ur father's will and face christian theres a problem  be careful about who and what ur seeking counsel and direction 4m  dont be easily decieved n2 practicing witchcraft  greater is he who lives n u than he who lives n the world  seek the true living gods will 4 ur life not the cheap imitation laid b4 u by satan 
"r u reading this   r u breathing   r u n safe    n ur own home w heat, bed, and covers? if its yes u shud b giving god <propfemale> 4 ur life, health, home, protection and everything else u have  stop taking life 4 granted! when u take time 2 thank god 4 the little blessings u get a deeper appreciation 4 the big blessings!"
"omgoodness! i just read a post that said n o  ranks #1 n syphillis(sp ck) cases then n hiv  cases new orleans is #2 and baton rouge #3  people this was a nation wide study! this is yet another reason 4 god to get my praise  if u 4m the n o  area and know uve had ur fair share of unprotected sex and u r disease free u shud b shoutin! ttlty! yall it cudda been me    thank u lord 4 ur protection, grace & mercy!"
"the devils greatest lie is he doesn't exist  don't be decieved, the devil is real and comes n many ways  u can recognize him if u know the word of god  anything or any1 that is encouraging u to disobey gods word is being used by the devil  get n the word,get equipped to recognize & defeat the devil!"
"this is good,and it pleases god our savior,who wants every1 to be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth  for there is 1 god and 1 mediator btween god and man,a man, christ jesus,who gave himself-a ransom 4 all,a testimony at the proper time ~1 <propmale>  2 smile -6(repent+believe+confess=eternal life)"
the most horrific feelings n the world is to feel unloved this morning god has cloaked me n his love! i am humbled and overwhelmed! with tears flowing and a heart of gratitude i say thank u lord 4 ur love that u continue to shower me with thru ur children  god i thank u 4 my family friends and my enemies! ur will b done father!
"i'm armored up n ready 4 war  so think twice 'bout the whippin, brusin & scars i'm a lioness hailing 4m the judah tribe  conquering vices n strongholds & no    i don't accept bribes devil choose wisely bcuz i wont have any pity on u either u steer clear of me r i'll walk n authority binding & rebuking u letting the spirit in me do what it do!"
"everything that god requires of u can b done! bcuz of his blood we can conquer every sin, silence every oppressing demon & trample the head of satan  its ur choice walk free r continue letting the devil keep u n bondage  the devil has no power over a christian unless we give it to him "
"rated pg-17(names have been changed to protect the innocent) setting(roger, fresh out the shower putting lotion on body suddenly his son walks n2 room and locks eye contact with dads \private\"" area then inquisitively asks) daddy y do u have fur down there? a annoyed on after a certain age we grow fur here and under our arms among other places   lol   fur kids say the darndest things"""
"why is it we fear man and the devil sometimes? neither one of them can give or take away a day of our life w o permission 4m god  fear god who is in ultimate control, the giver and taker of life! let no man or devil keep u 4m being obedient to god! be bold n the lord stand 4 righteousness!"
"now it is god who makes both us and you stand firm in christ  he annointed us, set his seal of ownership on us, and put his spirit in our hearts as a deposit, guaranteeing what is to come ~2 cor  1:21-22 [lord let ur spirit lead me  let the fruit i bare b that of ur spirit  4give me when i pay tribute to the dead man  help me to humble myself while standing firm on ur word!]"
"ladies theres a treasure thats given 2 u when u do it (relationships) the right way  there is something so humbling yet exhilerating 2 kno that god has given u some1 who loves u 4 u  some1 who is not willing 2 dishonor god r u! it is truely a blessing 2 b loved n such a way that glorifies ur father and is an example of the love that christ has 4 us, i am blessed & favored by god!"
it takes a strong man woman to humble themselves and walk away 4m an altercation  christian just bcuz u beat somebody down dont mean u won the fight u let the devil win cuz u gave him the <propfemale> by transforming n2 something that looked ungodly  that was free   let it marinate
"n honor of valentines day can we acknowledge our 1st love, christ  bless him with the fruit of ur lips  tell him how special he is and give him all the adoratin he deserves  i love u lord, 2day and everyday!"
"god <propmale> 4 godly examples  shout out to <propfemale> brown & <propfemale> goines 4 the inspiration  im bout to go run around the block if i make it back home ill let u guys know how it went lol  god wants me to be spiritual, mental,emotional & physical health   thru him all things are possible saints i need ya prayin!"
"disobedience can cause u 2 miss ur blessing  good byes may hurt but r necessary  2 say hello 2 ur god sent blessing ~lord i pray that u bring conviction, clarity & confirmation to ur children and they wud b obedient n saying good bye to any job, vice or person that u r telling them to leave alone n jesus name, amen "
any1 who god blesses u with will draw u closer 2 him not away 4m him  be weary of a man woman who claim they are ur godsent but r steadily asking u 2 do things that r disobedient 2 gods word  dont comprimise when it comes to righteousness  love god! learn the word! live holy!
"christian, its time 2 decide who u serve! god is not pleased with ur doublemindedness! he is a jealous god! warning comes b4 destruction so take heed  the very thing u r indulging secretly n will b the death of u! the enemy is trying to kill u! choose 2day who is ur god! is christian ur last name? well act like it   live holy!"
"once u recognize the power of prayer then n only then will u go constantly  b4 the throne ~father god i pray u give ur children spiritual epiphanies opening their understanding about the power of praying n ur will  let them understand the importance of asking n jesus name, believing n recieving  lord ur will b done n jesus name amen "
"a christian who is overwhelmed with life and cant seem to see the joy n life itself is a christian who has allowed their focus to b affixed on the things of this world  the day we lose focus on god is the day we let circumstances, emotions etc bcum bigger than our god look to the hills and know ur help comes 4m the lord "
"fbf i have to be honest  when i was sinning i enjoyed it  i was very good at pleasing my flesh!i have to say the enjoyment i e playful erienced then cannot compare to the bliss, peace, and joy i have now! this is the happiest i've been in my entire life! i bless the lord for calling me out and bringing me into the light!to god be the <propfemale>! i willingly give my will for yours lord  have your way!"
blessed are you when they insult you and persecute you and falsely say every kind of evil against you because of me ~matthew 5:11
just because u r living righteous doesnt mean every 1 around u desires to do the same  remember where u came 4m and how much <propfemale> and compassion christ had with u  but by alk means call sin out when u see it  never turn a blind eye ur silence can be interpereted as approval 
"it hurts when the people u love the most willingly choose wrong paths despite the truth u know they know  we have to realize it is not us they r rejecting but christ  how do u let some1 b \grown\"" and not b affected by choices that will lead to destruction?"""
"single's south kononia konnect group: we are meeting 2nite 7pm @ 8222 mosstree, arlington, tx  76001  bring your bibles & be ready to discuss! if you have any questions call 817-723-9459 ask for <propfirst> <propfemale> growe  wink  love yall and hope to see you 2nite   god bless!"
"danaye~\mommy do u love bj\"" me~ yes danaye i love him danaye~ \""do u feel sumthin when he holds ur handme~\"" yes i do danaye~ \""well yall r gonna get married bcuz thats what happened n <propfemale> plus bj has a w n his hand and that means he is gonna marry a woman\"" me~okay [i guess she told me   lol]"""
"just this week:told my childhood bf died during hospital visit   but god allowed every1 needed 2 revive her 2b at arms reach, bills due i had no money and was blessed by god via man with a 250 check, was  faced with dissapointing news but god gave me peace and death n the family 2 top it off but <propfemale> b 2 god i am here  i am alive  i will not be defeated "
people b aware that following ur flesh is following the devil  the flesh is about self gratification it dont care if it get u hiv aids  it dont care if  u get diabetes or high blood pressure  it dont care if u catch a case behind its fit of rage  so while u indulging n it know it is u who suffers the repercussions after fleshly desires have been fulfilled 
"any morning we wake up above ground is a morning we ought 2 b telling the lord \thank you!\"" where ever u r and u readthis ttlty! u can do it via fb or if ur out and about give god a verbal praise and if anybody ask what that was about tell 'em how good ur daddy is!*screaming thank ya lord*   its ur turn 1   2  3"""
"lord help me 2 always act justly, love mercy and choose righteousness  guide my tongue and thoughts  give me spiritual 20 20 so i cao c the enemy coming a mile away  heighten my discerment and my sensitivity to ur spirit  lord use me 4 ur <propfemale>  ur will b done n jesus name i pray,amen "
"i the lord have called you for a righteous purpose and i will hold you by your hand i will keep you and i make you a covenant fos the peopleand a light to the nations in order to open blind eyes, to bring prisoners out dungeons and those sitting in darkness from the prison house ~isaiah 42:6-7"
man was created to glorify god  christian ur purpose is to point the lost towards christ n order to b freed  4m sin  does ur lifestyle glorify god? what direction r u pointing the lost?
"so income tax hit this am and i have paid tithes, past due bills and i have enough left to put aside for danaye's b-day party  i am estatic, the bills r current! thank u lord 4 sustaining and providing 4 ur children again and again it cudda been me   but god!2 god b the <propfemale>!"
"blessed and highly favored i am!i had an awesome day with family  we shared laughs, songs, stories and food of course  thank u lord 4 blessing me with such a awesome time 2day! and most of all thank u 4 my <propfirst> 4 what u have 4 us and plans u have 2 work thru us glory and honor is urs ur will b done "
"god is in control! no matter what it look, sound, or smell like trust god to work that thing out! he is able to do all things! just pray, trust and believe and you will recieve! i'm telling you have faith in the creator, he won't fail!"
"christian is the enemy fighting u n ur thought life? i have a lil something that will help  the 3 r's; recognize, reject & retaliate 1st) recognize its the devil trying to influence and implant lies n ur head  2nd)reject his lies and bring ur every thought subject to the power of christ that lives n u  3rd) retaliate  fight back with the word of god just like jesus did when tempted by the devil "
god is worthy of our praise! if he never allowed another good thing to happen to us calvary still should erupt a praise n us! he is just n all he does! stop questioning him and trust him n whatever he allows and praise him thru it!
"lord b glorified n all i do 2day  let me b sensitive 2 ur spirit and ur let ur word penetrate my heart  lord guide me to all u have me to do and say  lord have ur way  go b4 me clear the stumbling blocks ratan has placed n my way as distractions i plead the blood over my mind give me balance and allow me 2 b productive  i submit thy works 2 u that i will succeed  ur will b done, amen "
"yall god is so good! he gives u strength thru any circumstance  with attacks of the enemy ur weapon is prayer!pray gods word back to him  his word has divine power to pull down strongholds! god has already equipped u with what u need 2 have victory, use it!god's word will not return void nor can god fail u!hallelujah!{yall dont know when to shout}"
"thank u lord 4 keeping us, waking us up and remaining faithful 2 us thru everything lord i pray 2day u search every1, prick hearts and convict  lord bring ur sorrow n order 4 repentance 2 come  lord show us where we r wrong let us b sensitive 2 ur spirit and obedient upon hearing ur voice i pray we humble ourselves n repent so we can walk free n ur good graces  i luv u lord ur will b done n our lives amen "
"true love tested by adversity causes couples nvolved 2 grow even closer 2gether  bcuz they love each other deeply they r drawn almost wooed 2 each others side there is a silent commitment that binds u 2 go thru with that person until the end  [christian stop settling 4 true sex, god designed sex 2 b an intamacy 4 marriage  y b that intimate with sum1 who will throw u the dueces at the 1st sign of adversity?"
there is only 1 god who can save u 4m eternity n hell  his name is jesus christ! confess and believe and u will b saved ~romans 10:9 [choose life 2day]
the ferverent effectual prayer of the righteous availeth much  <propfemale> b 2 god who is n control of all things  [i just talked 2 a friend  whom i constantly am n prayer 4 and n an eneibriated state they confirmed everything i been prayin 4 ] hallelujah! christian b encouraged know that who ever the person is u have been n prayer 4 god has heard u!prayer works!
"had an awesome day  saw my <propfemale> 1st thing this mornting, cooked sunday dinner, went to 1st service at koinonia, 12 noon service at poiema then came home to the sunday dinner crew then brought my baby food to the church had a planning committe meeting  now im chillin wit da fam watchin movies and jokin life is grand!ttlty!"
spring break is n full effect! currently we have 7 children n the growe house   i wonder how many there will be by weeks end  children o what a joy they are   until they wake me up 4m my beauty rest that is  lol
"u <propfemale> to b loved, wanted,and valued  but u settle 4 a cheap thrill  the devil's  $4 generic will never compare to god's original prescription 4 ur life  stop ndulging n fornication, masterbation, intoxication, <propfemale> <propfemale> nation, and every other kind of ungodly situation u normally partake n  christs love  is the true love uneed 4 reconciliation, rejuvenation, restoration and salvation "
"thankin god 4 protectin me  i just had a flash back, i was clubbin n wud know im drunk 2 the throwin up point i wud walk out da club 2 my car throw up then go back n da club n drink again  lord i thank u 4 protecting me n my stupidity& not allowing a spirit of addiction 2 consume me  u r loving 2wards me i thank u 4 callin me out  b glorified n all i do  i love u ur will b done "
"i am part of the remnant! i will never stop professing christ and his goodness! he desires all men wud b saved that means u who r reading this  have u confessed christ as lord and savior of ur life yet? he's waiting, he's listening 4 ur call  cry out 2day  commune with ur heavenly father on 2day "
"btween history class and this movie battle los angelos i have a new found respect 4 the armed forces  the men and women who risk their lives to ensure my safety   it is mindboggling what they must face and have to digest once back at home  i just want to say thank u and god bless the army, airforce, navy & marines!"
he knows what to say to unruffle my feathers  he brightens my day everytime i see him  he is my chocolate drop! i love me some b j !
saints pray with and for me as i go out today to businesses seeking donations to support my going on the <propfemale> mission trip  i am praying 4 gods favor and protection as i will also be witnessing when given the oppurtunity  thanks n advance (if u wud like to support me as well whether it be by prayer or donation contact me by phone or fb messaging for further info )
"is encouraged! god is able to do exceedingly abundantly more than i can ask or imagine! father im thanking u n advance 4 the overflow  open up the windows of heaven and pour ur faithful servant a blessing that man wud know it u the only true living god who did it  i thank u and pray ur will b done n this  n jesus name, amen "
if some1 was to look at your walk would they mistakenly call you jezebel? are you slaughtering the men of god with your mouth and seeking to kill them spiritually everytime you send a text or phone call? are you putting make-up on your eyes hoping to seduce the beknownst <propmale>? are you dressing up for your untimely death? jezebel repent   i know it's a harsh word but it's needed! lord have mercy 
"creation n all its <propfemale> cant hold a torch to man  christian  u r gods crmwning <propfirst>, his master peice  recognize ur worth! u were created n his image  the angels watch us n anticipation  we r the apples of gods eye  choose 2day 2 glorify him n all u do "
"as my pulse is assurance blood is flowing thru my veins, the hope and joy i have n the midst of trials assures me jesus is alive and well! his peace guards my heart and mind  if u read this and can testify to gods peace enveloping u n the midst of a storm ttlty! i thank ya lawd that i dont look like what ive gone thru all bcuz of ur grace and mercy god is so good!"
"is challenging all professed christians 2 dedicate themselves 2 read the word 2day   the same amount of time u give fb  open a bible n read  [lord i pray u open the hearts and minds of those who will read ur word 2day  lord let it be a ramah word that speaks to their situation  lord prick hearts give direction and b pleased n what we say and do  n jesus name,amen ]"
"any relationship that makes u keep a secret 4m loved one's is something u may want to rethink attaching urself to  this ncludes but is not limited to secret friends, hobbies, bank accounts, prescriptions, jobs, shoppin spreesand etc  secrets welcome division, strife, offense and confusion  if thats ur hearts <propfemale> 4 that relationship   then do u   if not   e playful ose the enemy & confess ur secret "
"most women consider talkin n textin on the phone, eating lunch and anything where an emotional bond is being  forged wit some1 other than them as cheating  biblically adultry refers 2 sexual ntercourse  my ? is what do u consider cheating and why? next is it really possible 2 remain friends wit some1 u have had an affair with and not dishonor ur spouse?"
"the \seeds\"" u plant 2day determine whether u reap a \""harvest\"" or \""famine\""  christian what does ur reaping season look like its going 2 b? sowing seeds of the fruit of the spirit will surely ensure u 2 have a ripe harvest  start 2day!~galatians 6:6-10"""
saints the devil is angry bcuz u have eternal life  he knows u wont c hell so he tries 2 give u hell on earth  he has no power! dont give him any by wallowing n negative emotions that lead to disfunctional lives  acknowledge ur feelings 2 god then acknowledge the restorer of all things and allow him 2 heal u  the devil is defeated!
i am on the corner of matlock and <propfemale> <propfirst>  if ur n the area and love jesus honk ur horn  if u wud like to donate pass thru and support our mission trip  saint pray 4 gods favor to b with us 
i am on the corner of matlock and <propfemale> <propfirst>  if ur n the area and love jesus honk ur horn  if u wud like to donate pass thru and support our mission trip  saint pray 4 gods favor to b with us 
"in order 4 me 2 b used 4 the <propfemale> of the messiah, i have to confess and repent so my mess can become my message ~ be bold walk n authority christian! know that jesus spirit lives nside u and u no longer r a slave 2 sin  den ounce ur mess then pronouonce victory over it 2 encourage some1 who may b fighting that same vice!"
i cud dwell  on all the bad things that happened 2 me and torment myself but i choose 2 praise god 4 bringin me thru every single 1 of them! we all have a sad story but if ur alive and able 2 talk about it that is ur cue to b grateful 4 bein alive  ur a survivor so stop acting like u have nothin 2 b thankful 4 open ur eyes and realize how blessed u r!
fb family my mission trip is fast approaching  i sent letters 2 some of u others contacted me all my money is due by april 25th  please keep that date n mind thank u n advance 4 ur generosity n prayers &financial donations  remember what ever u give will b used 2wards my trip e playful enses god bless 
"i am blessed! 1st thing this am n4rmed me i was prayed up, my baby had interceded on my behalf   a beautiful thing  then went 2 school, chopped it up wit da bestie  got home and recieved an awesome text saying they felt the love of god 4m me even n rebuke  god is so good!i am humbled everytime he includes me his plans  just <propmale> up wit my chocolate drop im bout 2 pray n go 2 sleep  gn fam!"
"christian u have a full coverage policy bcuz of christ  so y r u acting like all u have is liability  trust god at his word  just like job, anything u lose while doing his will know that god will replenish, restore and rebuild god is able and he will do what he said he will do trust him!"
god doesnt care if ur 4m the ghetto r the suburbs! his prefrence is hearts that <propfemale> 2 please him  do not allow man r  devil via man 2 tell u ur not worthy bcuz of ur wretched r unfortunate beginnings  the word says we all fall short of the <propfemale> of god  no man is worthy of anything christ has done but by his grace he includes the obedient to b a part of growing his kingdom 
"god makes no mistakes, but human beings mess up daily  stop blaming god 4 what has happened 2 u & start trusting n & listening 2 him so u can recognize its purpose 4 ur life so that god wud b glorified  "
i bless the lord 4m who all my blessings flow  i am n awe of how god is working on my behalf  i am so unworthy and yet he loves me  my heart is prostrate b4 an almighty god im humbled and eternally grateful father  ur perfect will b done father  b glorified n all i say n do 
"b4 u sin, satan says \its no big deal\""  after u sin he says \""this is so big u will never be 4given\""  both r lies 4m the pits of hell(pastor r  goines)"""
"super excited!!my pass port is here! i am so happy the pieces r coming 2gether  big thanks 2 all my supporters 4m louisiana, both family & friends  thank u, thank u,thank u4 all ur donations 2 god b the <propfemale>! remember i have 2 have it all n by april 24th so who ever else is sending keep that date n mind!"
fb fam be careful its raining cats dogs and hail out <propfemale> this am  lord encamp ur angles around us as we drive n this rain  thank u n advance 4 traveling grace  amen 
"all koinonian prayer warriors: join us 2nite @ 1200 west sublett, arlington, tx  76017 for a prayer walk  starts @ 7pm  (we will be walking thru rush creek apt  praying for the youth, parents and anything else that is in need of being lifted up ) lets come 2gether on 1 accord on behalf of our community!   [if you would like to come out and pray with us get their a little early so we can break into groups]"
missing my chocolate drop   i guess ill nap til he calls 
"living holy doesn't mean that u won't e playful erience temptation, or have thoughts of things that aren't pleasing to god  living holy is choosing to abstain 4m ur fleshly desires  its bringing those thoughts captive that try to woo u n2 sin  its loving christ more than urself and making a conscious decision to live holy b4 god presenting our bodies as living sacrifices "
"all are called, few are chosen ~matthew 22:14 [god desired a chosen people  those rejected him which led to him calling the gentile as well as the jew ] my ? 2 u is, will u answer his call? will u b of his chosen people?!"
"lord i need ur direction n guidance on 2day  i need u 2 go b4 me as plain as the fire n cloud u were 4 <propmale> in the desert  lord i pray u convict me where i'm wrong n show me what 2 do next  i ask that u take this 4m me if it is ur will if not assure me that i'm doing the right thing n jesus name i pray knowin u hear me n know my heart is sincere,amen "
if god can be glorified through my uncomfortableness then so be it  i know righteousness is not the popular thing to be but i won't comprimise  devil do u cause i'm doin me   the righteous me! lord be glorified in all i say and do!
i am blessed! where the devil tried 2 bring division god is bringing restoration! god is a god of all power and i humble myself and make  myself available to him  lord jesus thru ur blood i will have victory over this  i declare and decree it n ur matchless name jesus the living christ name & hallelujah!
"ttlty 4 a renewed mind! livin holy has its rewards  wakin up the mornin after a date guilt free, sensin a wholeness   idk, its a blessing 2 kno ive honord god, my b friend & myself i kno i sound crazy 2 most, but my spirit is rejoicing & i kno god is pleased w me! dinner+ decent convo+ desert+prayer+ im sleep n my own bed b4 11pm= god glorified"
i am loved & it feels wonderful   true bliss!thank u lord!
calvary was the real deal  bcuz of it all will kneel  when he returns at the sound of the horn  we will b caught up   no more cryin nor will we mourn  bcuz christ defeated death we get to live  u just confess n believe n him and salvation to u he gives!  choose 2day 2 walk n the son's light  b sure ur final destanation is heaven   repent n confess 2nite 
"just ate some fiyah fried bass fish  and fries thanks to the settle family   good lookin out egon and savina! i thank u and my stomach thanks u  im bout to bathe, pray and call it a nite  ~inbox me prayer requests ill b going b4 the throne 2moro ~nite nite fbf"
"when i cant understand   i trust u!when i cant see a way out   i trust u! when i dont know what else to u   i trust u! my eyes, brain say impossible   my heart and mouth say nothin is impossible with my god!ur will b done father "
"sometimes life circumstances have u on an emotional roller coaster, but bcuz we have the great i am as lord we have the confidence to look at that situation(s) and know we will win no matter the outcome  trust god to supply ur every need, to do what is best 4 u  if god allows it we can accept it "
"god i thank u 4 ur spirit with n me that bears witness im urs  i am humbled but assured this ir 4 my betterment  lord mold me n2 what u created me 2 b  remove all things that dont line up with ur word  lord give me the wisdom, discernment and strength i need  lord let me b led and empowered by ur holy spirit  i live to honor u i give my will 4 urs  4give me my sins n jesus name, amen "
im so at peace n my life  i know god loves me  he never leaves me blind  he always takes care of me even when i get myself n2 foolishness  i am humbled every time i think of what hes done 4 me ~he leads me n paths of righteousness for his namesake! holiness looks good on me!~try it on i bet it will look great on u too 
power trumps influence! all christians have been given the holy spirit which is their power source  ~greater is he who lives n [u] than he who lives n the world ~ the devil can only influence u but u can make him flee  tap n2 the holy ghost power that is at work with n u!
"the circumstance, relationship, job or lack there of that looks impossible to fix, is impossible 4 u   but    with god nothing  is impossible! he is faithful and cannot fail   trust god at his word  pray his word over the issue and believe!"
"gods love is so wide & deep the human mind cant comprehend  while we were his enemies he died 4 us when we were n our sin, as wretched n trifling as we were, he saw somethin worth saving  we deserve death but he gave us life  yall dont know when to shout (n my r  goines voice)all that u have   u dont deserve it  somebody ttlty for his grace and mercy!"
missing my brother   benjamin <propmale> armant  its amazing how he (being mentally & physically disabled) touched so many peoples lives  im flabbergasted how we disregard people who r different bcuz of handicaps  if we gave them half the chances we wud b amazed at how fulfilling & enriched our lives cud b   [pouring out some osmolite on the ground 4 u benji    smile ]
some things are just better left alone   for god to deal with it! i trust in him to do whats best for me!
pushing past negative thoughts and overwhelming emotions seems impossible   but god will c me thru   i wil prevail   devil u r defeated 
god deserves all our praise  push through ur hurt and pain to give ur father his due praise  father 4give us when we choose to have pity parties nstead of praise parties  lord help us to b okay with the unknown  help us to remember u work all things 4 our good  father ur will b done 
i am a child of god  i will persevere  god will get the <propfemale> & use this 4 my good  the weapon has been formed but it will not prosper ~thanks <propfemale> <propmale>
man oh man i had a great ressurection sunday  went to church then we had a crawfish boil with the fam  had a blessed day  thank u lord 4 ur peace even  when im the 1 raging the storm 
"woke up this am at 6 just grateful for what i have  great family and friends who i have a blast with  i laughed so much yesterday my stomach muscles r sore  a great day it was! shout out to all who came, love yall "
a christian that is mad 4 a long time is choosing 2 b  its ludacris 2 force urself 2 b that way bcuz god gives u peace upon asking but ur emotions n negative thinkin is what u choose nstead of allowin his peace 2 consume u  christian do u kno how retarded u look walkin round actin mad when u kno the lord & his peace? dont b decieved god is always n control!
"trusting god to do what his word says  i <propfemale> to please u lord  this is a humbling situation my heart is prostrate i lay my will down 4 urs  touch my mind and emotions and allow them to line up with ur word  b glorified n all i do  n jesus name, amen!"
<propmale> 6:28 ~ bless those that curse u and pray for those that despitefully use u  {can some1 really use u if eveeything u do u do unto god?}#randomthoughtspoppingup
god is so good! i went une playful ectedly with a friend and it was him comfirming what i had just discussed 30 minutes earlier  i dont deserve what he does for me  i trust u lord!!! i will wait   ur will b done!
"man life is a trip  i am n awe everyday of how god does things  he is so intentional and i love him for loving me so much  sometimes u can have heard the voice of god but ur flesh is so roared up it drowns him out  be still and wait on him, he knows whats best for u, wait on his direction   its worth the wait be encouraged!"
"dont b anxious about anything but n all things, pray,  with thanksgiving and submit ur request to god and the peace that surpasses all understanding will guard ur heart and mind ~phillipians 4:6-7"
i am so glad god is so forgiving  he loves me so much he wouldnt allow me to walk done the wrong path  lord i thank u for ur spirit convicting me and refocusing my mind and eyes on u  thank u for ur grace n mercy 
for all who wonder y this or that happened to u trust n the fact that god is n control  no matter what the end result know god works it for ur good  i am convinced that im n ur perfect will for my life  i pray u b glorified every step of the way 
when we refuse to pray we are holding up  a white flag n the
when we refuse to pray n the natural it looks like us hollding a white flag n the spiritual  dont give up keep fighting (praying) 
sometimes i just wonder what if   then i remember everyday of my life has already been written and if the good lord is okay with it than i know for sure i can be oh so thankful over what i do have 
just got home   still not sleepy   but had a great time with some friends  now a bath and nitey nite nite for me 
"lord thank u for keeping me thru the nite  <propmale> 4wakin me up  lord give me a ramah word on today, rain down spiritual manna on today  let ur <propfemale> fall n koinonia today  fill me up lord  i relinqish my will 4 urs  n jesus name "
im quiet but my heart is screaming  tears flow but i feel no release  y cant i 4get and move the hezzeck on?lord i trust u  i know u will c me thru   tommorow will b better 
"dear devil, uve been busy  ive listened to ur slithrin lies n was acceptin them as my own thoughts  guess what fool   im back! im just givin u fair warnin bcuz i kno its a fixed fight   but if u come round <propfemale> 2day ya head gonna get cut off   ur choice   choose it wisely  sincerly urs, <propfirst> m  growe"
"being an intecessor i wail on behalf of others all the time but i have realized those same tears are needed on my behalf  we r human and at times overcome by emotions   just b careful that u dont sin n ur overwhelming emotions  cry, scream and whatever else u need to do just do it unto ur father n heaven  he knows ur heart and is waiting for u to let him heal u "
"man god is sooo good  ive been distracted this last week or so and slipped up and forgot about my math hw and test  got to class n copied dude example on my index card, and why the only thing i needed was what i copied then one of the problems was the exact prob  on the test n teacher said i cud still do my hw  ha ha ha the devil thought he did somethin   but god!"
"<propfirst> goines, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> & <propfemale> fairley, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> <propmale> and every other person that spoke encouraging words to me on fb or n person and prayed for me, thank u! i bless the lord for u all showing me love, compassion and accountability as god led u all  i am forever grateful "
when u shift ur praise from the gift giver to the gift u have lost focus   no gift is greater than its gifter   think about it   what has god given u
im bout to watch my hubby vin diesel   im sure he wont let me down   fast five here i cum   thanks for treating me friend
omg   vin deisel gained weight    he is sooo goodlooking   i love me a man with some weight on em  he is sooooo fine   and the movie good   double treat for me   omg   the rock too
inbox me r leave me prayer requests  n comments 
be wise n who u seek counsel with  n ur time of hurt ur vunerable and the seeds planted by wicked counsel may very well hinder u more than help u  dont let any and everybody know ur business 
"lord <propmale> for making my day so special   i know u love! b n loved is breath taking   i am humbled yet again  father b pleased n all i do, lead and guide me  i love u  ur will b done "
"going n2 hibernation, i pray 4 u n u pray 4 me "
if satan didn't c u as a threat he wouldn't attack u  man woman of god if ur under attack praise god bcuz he has allowed it to happen to grow ur faith & trust n him  know that god will never allow more than u can bare  trust him at his word and know he is a promise keeper! walk by faith not by sight  (<propmale> ms  <propfemale> banks)
"ttlty, he heard my cry  he rescued me  he reassured me that im n his will  i am humbled at how he loves me  he knew my thoughts when the words wouldnt come out  lord i thank u, glorified n all i say and do "
when was the last time u sought gods face nstead of his hand  try it it will bless ya life to have an intimate encounter with ur creator 
"the world would make u think pride and arrogance are the reflection of a strong man woman but true strength is exhibited through humility  humble urselves so u will look like ur father n heaven  dont make god humble u, its no fun, willingly choose to humble and submit to his will today  it will bless ur life!"
what the mind views as a distant memory the heart feels like it was just yesterday   #&lifegoeson
on my way home   had & great nite at focus then finished with a lil evangelical training with my sisters n christ lol   thanks girls i had a blast!
"omg, ttlty! if ur reading this that means u woke up this morning! hallelujah! thats somethin to shout about, u r alive even though u deserve death thank u lord 4 ur grace & mercy! b glorified father n all i say n do  amen "
"god believes n balance  he knows to much rain will give u bitterness and too much sun will give u pride  so trust god n his omnipetence, sovereignty, and love for  u to give u just what u need when u need it trust god thru ur sunshine as well as ur rain "
"ur motive makes the difference n stirring gods love or his wrath  <propfemale> check urself daily to make sure ur not operating n manipulation, pride, selfishness, anger or control  god does npt delight n any of those nor can he b glorified when willingly choose to do things with hidden agendas  check urself bfor u wreck urself    #justthinkin&thoughtidshare beblessed"
"danaye:mommy do u c this? (pointing at her shirt) me: c what girl? d:these bumps, they just grew overnight   (smiling) i think i need a bra me: whatever danaye, u want chest now,  u aint gonna want em when u really get em?d: why not mommy r they really hard to take care of? (fb pray 4 me)"
ur willpower is stronger than any emotion or sinful <propfemale> u can e playful erience  when u lay down ur wiil for gods will u r empowered by the spirit 2 resist and conquer anything that is contrary to his will for ur life  tap n2 ur holy ghost power and walk n authority placing satan back under ur foot and crucifying ur flesh and emotions daily 
"so today is a very special day   my lil suga is 8 yrs old to day! happy birthday, danaye <propfemale> growe! mommy loves you soooooo much and so does god   after all he gave you to me and he gave you my looks   double blessings  ain't god good!ttlty for all our many blessings!!!"
i need sum1 to commit to walkin with me   i need to build my wind 4 my mission trip  i wanna go n the evenings   holla at me   call r inbox me 
"the little token ur holdn on to 4m ur past relationship (pics, bday gift, card, email or the \i love uâ€œ voicemail)   u know the thing u listen or look at when ur down disgusted and it makes u reminisce of the old times   yeah that   its the same thing causing a hinderance n ur current relationship or marriage  ur not honoring ur relationship by constantly walkin down memory <propfirst> everytime u need ur ego stroked """
"lord if its not too much wud u let my beauty and character b that of <propfemale>, my loyalty like <propfemale>, my wisdom to judge like <propfemale>, my gratitude like the woman with the alabaster box, my blessedness like <propfirst>, my  deliverance like <propfirst> magdlene, my faith like <propfemale> and my obedience like <propfemale>  i  love u and <propfemale> to please u  ur will b done "
god always has ur best intrest n mind trust him at his word in ur time of trouble he will rescue u he will work all things for ur good bcuz u love him and have been called according to his purpose  he has plans not 2 harm u but plans for hope and a future 
"word! i serve a god who rules and reigns for eternity  <propfemale> and <propfemale> and ain't talking bout no fraternity  he's <propmale> of <propmale>s, the one in whom i trust  i put my faith in him and not the universe lining up  you can pray to the stars and the signs that they form at night   but you can not be saved by no other name but christ  1wayhomie!(derrick adams)"
"god i pray for every child (adult teen adolescent) that the enemy has made feel unloved  lord i pray to u who's able to heal, restore and set free  i pray that the blood of jesus wud cover their minds and show them where they have been misled by the enemy  lord free them so that they can live a life with flourishing relationships in u  by ur power and ur will, n jesus name amen"
"my sinuses r draining and im losing my voice  im suppose to teach sunday school 2morro, saints pray with me 4 my complete healing  thanks n advance   the ferverent effectual prayers of the righteous availeth much ttltyÂ© lol"
"so 2day i was not my normal bubbly self  i felt like rabbit on 8 mile  i choked, i choked, i had a fart on my brain i cudnt think or articulate what i wanted to say  my mind was distracted   but god gave me help  thank u focus for chiming n when i cud not get my thoughts 2 come out  it'll b better next time   it cant b any worse ? ? ?lol"
"oh man shoots, i was about to go run my two <propmale> but the news sayin for us to take cover  i guess i cant sooo whats a girl to do   i guess its ice cream and a movie for me  and i really felt like exercising   oh well god has a funny way of telling me im fine enough   lol"
father thank u  lead me  guide me  have ur way  be glorified through every part of me  i yeild my mind body and soul to u  hide <propfirst> so all they see is u  ur will b done 
"i'm chosen! every hair on my head counted   im the apple of his eye  im chosen! my battles r already won   he gives me victory n every circumstance, bcuz im chosen  he chose me and i choose to die daily so his will can b done  im chosen! ttlty! thank ya lawd!"
tanning at <propfirst> pool lake   i wanna look like a brazilian <propfemale> when i leave  lord bake my skin until medium brown pleeeeaaasssse! lol
yall im chillin 4 real n my 2 piece like i belong on baywatch  and i really feel like a dime at 34   it must be the heat   lol   sike   i been had a big ego  ttlty 4 givin me an extra dose of confidence it runs n my family 
5 c's of getting over hurt; 1 )confess=> ur hurt 2 )cleanse=> pray for those that hurt  3 )close 4 )cover 5 )celebrate
"kellogs strawberry poptarts, no frosting and a glass of white milkÂ» the breakfast of champions   i think   lol so who's barb-b-quing n the arlington area? i'll b up & at 'em by 11, nbox me directions and what u need me to bring ttyl, beauty rest is fastly approaching   dueces"
"just 4 clarification, if i will b the only person at ur barb-b-que   please dont waste ur invite on me   unless u want me to bring my bible so i can  school u on living holy   i doubt u want that   u know who u r   cut it out, im not flattered  but n e 1 else cookin 4 real hit me up "
just finished eatin   kicked
just finished eatin   kicked back chillin @ the price residence  lookin to swim tommoro   who's down?
it feels so good outside right now   i dont want to go home  i think imma take a nap under the stars   god is awesome! he created this for us'
so im just makin it home   it feels so good outside   catching the breeze as i chopped it up with a good friend   man time flies when ur havin fun  goodnight fb fam ill talk 2 yall later  god bless u all!
saints i need u prayin against the spirit of gluttony   my sister made pecan <propfemale> yesterday and im here alone and they just keep callin me  ive already eaten 2   praaay noooow
"lord give us d sensitivity to ur spirit that we cannot ignore  lord 6give us discernment to c thru the facides hurt people use to mask their pain  lord e playful ose the enemy n their lives that they see ur truth  lord help us not to put walls up and wear masks, help us to acknowledge and confess our pain so u can heal us  ur will b done n jesus name, amen"
lord thank you 4 always protecting me  thank u 4 c n past the exterior to the interior  just thank you 4 giving me what i need n the most unlikely places   ty and gdnite
"i who made the eyes, can i not see? i who made the ears, can i not hear?Â»this is  the word of the lord via pastor mccaulley  christians god is calling u to repent from the pew to the pulpit  his eyes have seen u sinning, playing church and his ears have heard ur filthy cinversations"
every1 deserves to e playful erience true love  the ? is will u wait on it 2 find u r will u settle 4 self-gratification disguising itself as love  sex does not equate true love! ask me about it   
"god is sooooo good! he is the best friend n the world 2 have  he listens to me always! he always has my best intrest n mind! he takes my sins, worries and burdens from me bcuz he loves me! thank u lord 4 all u do!"
"soooo full off of good food   sooooo loving not being on detox with the rest of koinonia! <propfemale> he he he   but i am so proud of all of u! god bless <propfemale> <propmale> sharing here gift with yall   love ya <propfemale> but i needs my carbs, protien and sugar  ya know i gots to stay sweet   cuttin my sugar may affect my sweetness lol"
is it too late to b washing ur car?    i feel like doin it so i better get up and do it   i'm bout to do this   jesus b a fence   lol   4 real though!
"r u simple minded? do u need some1 to make decisions for u? if not, why us it u follow through on every whisper satan outside n urban ear?  u r not ir thoughts! u r not obligated to listen to his perverted, self-seeking suggestions! christian u r to obey god! compare those thoughts to what the word of god stay and if they line up, be obedient! if not, rebuke the devil and resist the temptation!"
"how long is too long to question why? is there something wrong with moving on physically but mentally still struggle with certain aspects of something that has happened? what can one do to rid themselves of the lingering questions that boggle their brain? is there a way to detach emotionally that does not include drugs, alcohol or some other sin to fill the void?"
"spent the day swimming   had a blast   my tan us beautiful  thank u atalyah young for letting us lounge and swim  u will b seeing more of me  gdnt of   i need to rest  i pray for u, u prater for me "
god <propmale> for protectin me even my mess  i ask that u keep me as i go forth  give me sweet sleep n jesus name  amen 
sometimes its best just to cut all ties to avoid something harmful to both people  it doesnt mean u don't like them it just means u love them enuff to let them go   now just isn't the time for us   sorry if i gave u false hope  i'm still ur friend   i just can't b around u  i'm not ignoring ur call   just not answerin 
"god help us to use wisdom n all we do  help us to do everything as unto u and not b led by emotions  let our heart and mind b clear and set on pleasing u  the <propfemale> of my heart is to please u, b glorified n all i do  have ur way "
what r u listening to? music us very influential  it has the power to envoke feelings u were unaware of  people b mindful of the speed u allow to b planted on a daily basis bcuz they grow  the fruit that come forth may not b of godly character   just sayin
the very thing u think u can't live without bcuz u love it so much will b the very thing u hate if u don't let go of it when god replace u to walk away   oan#smart phones arent so smart this phone keeps messin my statuses up
"u will never b able to acknowledge the greatness of god or comprehend how holy, righteous and just he us until u recognize and accept the fact of how wretched, trifling, defiled and undeserving u r because of ur sinful nature  true enlightment will come upon u humbling urself "
"<propfemale> nugget for my ladies: if you don't feel pretty until ur showin breast or butt cleavage, u really don't think ur pretty  once ur comfortable and feel pretty when ur all covered up then maybe u'll b able to attract and recognize the right kinda guy   just thinking on a couple of things n thought id share"
"soooo my post earlier about music   was 4 me 1st  i jumped n my car and my ambitionz as a rider by my exhusband tupac was on   and b4 i knew it i was bouncing, whippin my hair, feeling flossy and   (drum roll)   cursed on the part where the dj was scratchin the curse word out  i'm tellin y'all b weary what u allow to b poured n2 ur spirit  shout out to all tupac fans   i repped like it was 96 saints pray  4real   lol"
"hello, of family n the arlington area  it us hotter than fish grease n my house  if u know where i stay cud u drop me of a strawberry shake from sonic  call when u get here   ill b n my room fightin satan and his legions   die i mention i need to b sleep i'm drivin to louisiana to drop my baby off tonight but its too hot  the shake will hit the spot and choose me off  please n thank u 817-333-7800"
"about to hit the road  we doin 16 straight hrs  pray with us for traveling grace  keep my eyes open lord, keep me alert  n jesus name  amen  (if ur up 2nite call n chop it up with me "
sumone call me i'm gettin sleepy
i'm home safe n sound  <propfemale> to god 
so my balance for my mission trip has been paid off for sometime now (thanks to all who gave to my mission foundation   i appreciate all of ur generosity) the only things needed were my supplies   i was okay goin w o but god has blessed me he will equip u & provide what u need 4 the job he's called u to  he's so faithful!
"anyone who is among the living has hopeâ€” even a live dog us better off than a dead lion â€”ecclesiastes 9:4 { be ye encouraged! no matter the problem, situation, stronghold, lack, disease; god is able! if ur alive & air is flowing through ur lungs, place ur hope in the lord! be a vessel of praise today,ttltyÂ© in advance 4 moving mountains n jesus name, hallelujah!"
"christian, u have the spirit of the living god dwelling nside u  u have everything u need to conquer every give  u r a leader not a follower  lead those lost souls to christ!  don't follow the devil down the road to vices of destruction  know who u r & who's u r! glorify ur father by living holy!"
"revelation: i hope this helps some1: there is balance and or opposite to everything in this world:god devil, good evil, rejoice sorrow, etc   in the same like there is love & hate  as we walk this life out, we will have lovers & haters  rejoice with both! because of who god, in his sovereignty, he will use both your lovers haters to propell you into your <propfemale>! trust god & praise him n advance!"
sometimes ur silence speaks louder than any words ur mouth utters   sometimes
"i believe that everything has a purpose, no matter it b good r bad we can learn something  always ask urself what part did u play, what cud u have done differently  remember its never just about u  god has a plan & purpose for all he allows  ask him to show u the purpose r give u peace with not knowing"
"what appears to b a physical disaster is gonna b used for my spiritual promotion  everything the devil means for my bad god will use it for my good  every arrow the enemy fires, god will protect and deliver me  i rejoice bcuz i win   god b exalted bcuz the enemy is defeated! no weapon formed shall prosper! hallelujah!"
i leave friday for africa! i'm so excited! i can't wait to see what god has in store for us! family keep us lifted   we love yall and appreciate all the support  wink 
bout to go exercise   ttyl
"if u've never accepted and felt the love of god   u're missing out on the very thing u've been looking for  the void u're trying to fill with man and man made objects and obsessions can only b fulfilled by accepting christ as ur lord & savior  stop searching    he is all u need! surrender, submit ur will for his! confess ur a sinner ask 4 forgiveness & believe n ur heart he died for ur sins & <propfemale> on the 3rd day"
"just reflecting on all that has happened b4 now  i am so grateful 4 all that god has done  he is awesome  he deserves all the praise  he has orchestrated it to his <propfemale>, no one else can do what he has done  he is worthy! all the <propfemale>, honor & power r urs father "
"guys i leave at 2:15 for africa  i love yall! pray for god to move n a mighty way, that our jesus light shine so brightly that man will applaud god  i'm excited, humbled and just e playful ecting miracles and wonders  our god is able! talk to yall n 2 weeks!"
what's up fam! i'm in africa! i miss everybody already  i just wanted to shout out all the father's   happy father's day!!!! i love yall & pray yall day is blessed! koinonia we love yall!
so i'm about to go get me some <propfemale> style breakfast to sustain me while i do the lord's work  fam pray constinantly for us! loooooooove yaaaaalllll!
hello family! we are in nairobi again but leaving shortly for the next part of our trip  i've been touched deeply by the people of tawa   god bless them all! i miss my baby girl   so if you see her hug her for me and tell her i love! shout out to shem otanga & <propfirst> krammer   loved seeing yall! hello to everbody back home!!!
happy 4th to all of u! im back home and ready to swim   and tan some more  who's going swimming and where?
"so i fell asleep around 7pm had been drowsy all day but now at 10 somethin at nite im all brite eyed n bushy tailed  i am about to go ride the bike, eat then shower n back 2 bed "
saints pray !!! i am helping my brothes cut grass and i just saw satan and his minions  pray for texas this heat is making me hallucinate  lift me up with prayers of gatorade and moisture   im hotttttt
up again when i should b sleepin   so imma go ride the bike i hope its not to hot out there  the only good thing is im workin out   who knows i really might catch me a mandingo warrior before its all over with   lol   dueces fb fam   god bless
anybody coming from louisiana   im tryna get my baby home from west wego  call me if u know some1 comn 817-333-7800
"love prospers when a fault is forgiven, but dwelling on it seperates close friends ~proverbs 17:9 (lord i thank u bcuz u always let me kno u hear me  lord i need ur help to move forward and not dwell  lord guide my thoughts, direct me the way i shud go  ur will b done  n jesus name, amen "
"know that god is able to do all you need him to do! continue to remain faithful  don't allow your emotions & thoughts to mislead you  if your ever in doubt   peace be still, until he has given you direction  god speaks so much clearer to us when we are in position to hear, by that i mean obedience to his will  line up with his word!"
"i think one of the greatest things i ever had to learn was ~i cannot control people!~ the only thing i can control is me! save urself the blood, sweat and tears and lift that person and that issue up to god  its never gods will for people things to burden u  release it tonight, let god <propfemale> the load "
"father, n the name of jesus i lift up our youth to you, asking that the spirit of promiscuity b removed  lord i pray u prick their hearts n renew their minds  lord let a spirit of obedience n purity envelope them  let us adults lead by example  i pray this for ur <propfemale> as we walk as living sacrifices  ur will b done, n jesus name amen "
can't sleep   time to exercise  walk or ride   hmmmm    drum rolll   walkin it is 
"forgetting ur past is the worst thing u can do  without it u have no clue of who u truely r  remembering who u were and where god brought u 4m keeps u humbled and mindful of things that look like ur past to steer clear of  so ttlty for ur past, his grace, mercy, protection n power that has brought u thus far and that will <propfemale> thru out the rest pf ur life "
"gdmrntng! i have enjoyed my walk, uploaded pictures and posts all while laying outside barefooted on concrete as pandora played softly n the background  this was definately enjoyable and relaxing  thank u god 4 the me time   it was blissful   now bathtime then me n my bed gots business  be blessed family "
"i have enjoyed my walk, uploaded pictures and posts all while laying outside barefooted on concrete as pandora played softly n the background  this was definately enjoyable and relaxing  thank u god 4 the me time   it was blissful   now bathtime then me n my bed gots business "
"exercise time   im bout to get my stretch on and im out  dueces fb  i hope i can sleep afterwards   (fingers crossed, kissing my grandma,cousins babydaddy great great aunts 4th born chillds niece who was twice removed bcuz her mom n dad got divorced 2x   anyway her lucky rabbits foot) jammin pandora(2 n da air)"
"almost 6 hrs of straight sleep, yay   but im still tired  im going back to sleep  gdnt once again "
"confession: people whom i hold held close to my heart that lie lied to me, make made me feel unvalued  it makes made me feel like they dont think im worth the truth or the e playful lanation  so what makes since n their mind to cover up with lies brings division to our relationship or lack there of  how do i cope with the lies without"
"i went to hour of power, the vbs meeting and helped my brother cut grass  now im soakin n the sun at the pool  an excellent treat for all the hard work i did;-} #iluvtannin&swimmin!"
stew potatoes w shrimp and sausages n it and fried porkchops and walmart pineapple cold drink ttlty for good ole soul foodn the u s a  thank u lord! sunday dinner at my house is the best!
you will attrack all types of men n a lifetime  you have the power and choice to settle for anything or hold out for ur godsent   which will u do?
the man god has for u will not insult who u r  he will b able to speak truthfully about ur shortcomings and build u up not tear u down  he will encourage u to do better not poke fun or make condescending comments about what he thinks u should b  #imjustsayingifuroldmandoesthisumightwanttomovearound
wondering why? what was its purpose n my life? things that make u go hmmmm  have u ever had something happen to u that u can't thank god for allowing it? tell me about it 
"the human mind is so finite compared to that of gods   why else wud we focus on the 1 thing that didn't work out compared to all the many things that have worked out for our good  order our steps, speak to our minds lord   ur will b done, amen "
no matter how great ur subject and facts are if ur at the chalk board and ur clothes are too tight and panties too small it steals ur thunder  i apologize for my frankness but it needs to b said  #lessonlearnedbcuzshelooksahotmessspeakingintelligentlywhileherstyleofdressisscreaminghoodrat 
"when going thru lifes emotional hurts ur flesh urges u to partake n past habits from ur bc (b4 christ) days  dont b fooled, stay true to the new u  indulging n ur past sin is spiritual suicide   the guilt that comes after pleasing ur flesh leaves u worse than u were  resist the <propfemale> for fleshly pleasure and run to the jesus so he can give u the strength to endure it all "
"sometimes no words need to b spoken   a hug can soothe the pain  (sn-ur needs really change as u grow older   i wud have never recieved a hug as comforting   i used 2 hate pda (unless i was madly n love, which only happen 2x) anyways men sometimes a simple hug & hold will do more than words or gifts!"
so the ginormous <propfemale> bun and 2% milk i had for breakfast r having a kungfu fight n my stomach and the milk is winning   omg my apologies to writing techniques engl  0324   maybe they'll b alright most of them have colds with stuffy noses   lucky them   lol 
"today is \witness wednsday\""! if god has done anything for u b a witness and post it so some1 will b encouraged on today  somebody ttlty for what he has done! bless some1 elses life w ur testimony  stand up & be a witness!"""
i neeed to focus   im in class on fb  this is a shame   but im not focused   my mind is everywhere else  help me lord   okay goodbye fb fam   im out til 2pm #dueces
okay so i never got off   i need a laugh   anybody got a funny story   tell it to me 
do u think its a fair statement to say u can tell how important u r to a person by how quickly they respond to ur calls or messages? whats a tall tell sign that ur no longer a priority to a person? just had a discussion with sum1 who said the timing doesnt matter   i dont agree   what yall think?
god loves me soooo much   i don't deserve it   but he loves me  ive been battling with sumthin amd i knew that if i just got to biblestudy last nite i wud get my answer   guess what   i didn't like the answer but i give god thamks becuz he loves me so much he won't allow me to walk contrary 2 his will 4 my life  lord thank you 4 conviction!
3 minature snickers bars later and im guilt free   i guess im on a see food diet  i see it and eat it  no transition for me   ill be over here drinking cold drink and eating crack bread   check yall later
i feel like shootin some pool  where is a decent pool hall at n arlington?
"just thinking of the very 1st love of my life \irwin n  sims\""   gone but never forgotten   happy 35th  you are forever engraved in my memories and heart   time goes on but true love never fades """
only god knows what  the heart has hidden  god i pray that u reveal to us the truth our hearts hold captive and our mind conseals as a defense  lord let ur truth b seen  i plead the blood of jesus over every mind & heart of ur children  declaring freedom n the name of jesus #hewhothesonsetsfreeisfreeindeedhallelujah!
"can i just give a praise to the <propmale> of <propmale>s & lord of lords (hands n the air and a smile big as texas n my heart) thank you lord! your love is deeper than any ocean, ur faithfulness towards ur children is uncomparable lord i thank u 4 hearing my prayers and ur truth setting us free  hallelujah! my heart, body & soul r all rejoicing!#ihavethebestdaddyhisnameisjesus!"
"a smile for u b4 bedtime: danaye~mommy, mommy im growing hair (as she runs toward me with her right arm n the air) me: (lookin crazy bcuz it really looks like black hair under her arm) girl come here, let me see  (yall im still laughing my daughter colored under her arm with a crayon) theres never a dull moment with her   lol"
"i am sooooooooo encouraged  i am so humbled and in awe of how much god loves his children  it is not his <propfemale> for us to be frustrated, confused, depressed or in bondage  he desires us to walk free, in peace and assured that no matter our battle it is already won   through him  hallelujah! to god be all the <propfemale>! to be free is sooooo exhilerating  ttlty   thank you lord!"
"(n my dj voice) i already schooled u once tonight homeboy, how many lessons u wanna learn   oan ~ god rocks! he always gives us what we need when we need it's  im going too sleep with a smile on my face  tyl!"
"she loves u, u say u love her  but the love yall speak of is very different  she wants more, us want less, clothes that is  b a man, keep it 100, tell her the truth # ladies realloveisnotfoundbtweenurlegs (ijs)"
parents   children area gifts from god entrusted to you while here on this earth  please be mindful of the seeds you plant n2 them  what u do dont do has power  area you planting a harvest of good fruit or will ur child grow up to be a sower of famine and disfunction  # imjussthinkinonsumthings
attention parents in arlington area   parent's night out @ koinonia church 1151 mansfield webbÂ» drop off kids 8pm 2niteÂ» pickup 1pm saturday  $20 for 1st childÂ» $10 for siblings  for more info contact <propfirst> @ 817-333-7800!
"thank ya 4 all the love! i'm blessed 2 c another year, thank u lord! its my 35th birthday and imma celebrate like its my 21st   minus the weed and alcohol   lol  its about to god down!"
"if your not careful, the devil will use your little self-righteous acts to cloud your judgment and before us know it your pride manifests everytime u recieve rebuke  lord e playful ose the enemy and his lies n ourse lives  help us to c the truth, confess the lies and walk free  n jesus name, amen!"
"sometimes standing on what god has told you, makes you look idiotic to others  lord im struggling in my mind  my heart desires your perfect will but my mind is flooded with questions  lord touch my mind, give me peace and let me know if i should even entertain the thoughts  release me from myself, direct me in your way!"
"think of ur deepest hurt from a personal relationship  remember the sting of betrayal, the heart wrenching pain, the constant flood of doubting was it your fault, the vexing of your spirit whenever you thought of it, the nausea coupled with misery   yeah those  the hurt, confusion   i imagine thats kinda sorta what god feels when we willingly choose sin, instead of living holy before him, whom died so that you could "
hey what is a good movie to see? im bored needs some entertainment   anyt suggestions?
swimming yay me! the brazillian  bombshell with a texas tan will be appearing in 1 5 hrs  i love to tan!
"lord thanks 4 fried flaky layer bisquits drenched in ms  butterworths syrup coupled up with cheesy eggs, <propfemale> sausage and this glass of 2% white milk  i thanks u n my stomach thanks u  hallelujah! all praise to the giver of life and tastebuds!"
sometimes its just wiser to let the distance remain until u have the words to communicate effectively  once u have the words ask god to give u peace with the outcome bcuz ur ability to speak ur issue logically will only free ur mind but can possibly have no influence or relevance on to the other party  #sometimestemporary breaksturnintopermanentseperation&ugottabeokwitheither!
i love it when he growls!  chronichles of riddick   i love vin diesel!   movie time
"ur walk has the ability to kill or magnify ur witness  christian, ur talk should match ur walk at all times"
ttlty!i woke up this morning and the a  c  was still blowing cold artic breezes  if u have electricity and a working a c  u need to ttlty! thank you lord!
"repost:i read <propfirst> ezell's status and thought    not every guy is lucky enough to have a man for a father, who will teach his son how to be a man    so ladies, be patient and understanding when needed! see through certain things and look for the god in him, not for that which you think should already be something he is equipped with  (jaeliza <propfemale> wash)"
"my mother and i area living testimonies of what god can do for relationships  once you have forgiven god can heal and restore  but you have to relinguish your right to be mad bcuz god can't move on your behalf until you have forgiven  #irememberwheniwudsay\iloveyoumomma\""&shewudsay\""ok\""butnowshesays\""iloveu\""1st"""
bring honest with yourself us the beginning of freedom; being honest with others u have grievances with literally releases the weight u feel about the particular issue or person  lighten your local   be honest with someone today and start your road to restoration and healing  walking in truth is walking in <propfemale>! #confessyoursins1toanothersothatyoucanbehealed<<thatsntheword!
r u loiking
"r u looking 4 the right mate? is ur marriage needing improvement? if yes, join me   7pm tonight @ house of prayer tabernacle, 1305 brown trail, suite i & j, bedford, tx  76022  its wednsday note biblestudy! come get biblical truths to empower & guide u to finding a mate or bettering ur marriage with urban mate  come get blessed!"
the line  cannot b seen with the baker eye
"the line  cannot b seen with the naked eye but can b felt by the heart  its the line that benefit crossed that causes seperation   breaks n a relationship  i trust u lord to work it all for my good  i just ask that u make it clear to me how to distance myself  lord mold me, shape me n2 the woman u created me to b  n jesus name, same "
i have a gut feeling something une playful ected is gonna happen tomorrow  father let your will be done 
lord let this 5hr  energy work   please  give us traveling grace and clear the roads before us   thank you in advance! n jesus name  amen 
"listening to a white radio station    bringing back fantastic <propfirst>'s memories   \i can't make you love me if you don't  you can't make your heart feel something it don't     i can't make you love me """
"<propfemale>, hootie & the blow fish, alannis morsette, <propfemale> agulera   my inner white girl has officially been unleashed!  wink "
words of wisdom: don't facebook and drive   bcuz u don't pay attention to the gas gauge  we r 26 <propmale> from natchitoches and gas light is blinking  lord we need u to touch the gas tank n jesus name 
ttlty! 26miles gas tank on e   but god   hallelujah!
"thank you lord for the time out with friends, sleepover with my baby girls (ronyel & danaye), and u keeping me safe from harm  i'm sleepy   nite nite fb"
"the absence of a parent can cause a child to have issues with rejection, abandonment and sell worth  consequently,if not dealt with the child grows n2 an adult looking for worth, love and acceptance through their relationships  sadly most of them settle for less than they deserve because of those previous issues  if u can c urself n what i just satisfy   try god   let him show u true love   let his word guide u!"
"christian, r u keeping a secret 4m ur loved money? guess what? its not a secret, god knows and satan knows  god wants to free u of the guilt, satan desires to kill u with the guilt  confess & walk free or conceal & die! #whichwilluchoose?"
"whats ur god? its the thing, person or place that floats ur boat  it makes u tingly inside, u get tickle pink thinkin about it  don't believe me? do u spend more time with it or prayin? do u feel more joy talkin about \it\"" or god? #checkyaselfb4uwreckyaself=>exodus20 smile """
lord thank you! thank u 4 ur word! it is not
"lord thank you! thank u 4 ur word! it is not godly character to flee  i will stand! i will grow thru this! i will humble myself, for ur <propfemale>! lord when i want to go off remind me of the compassion uve shown me when u shud have cut me off!"
sunday dinner was great! the convo was great   i love my sunday dinner crew! bout' to cake til i go to sleep night  night 
"i'm trippin out how my love language has changed  i use to receive love by acts of service and gifts, but now its physical touch and quality time  it funny bcuz i remember hating to be touched or kissed  i guess i'm grown now,lol, butanyway   what's ur love language? do u know ur partners love language and r u speaking it to them?"
god never leaves you in the blind   he e playful oses the enemy so you can walk forward and give god the <propfemale> in the midst  he does not e playful ose the enemy for you to transform into something ungodly  <propfemale> check your emotions at the door and let the spirit of god lead you 
"some people don't know their self worth so they settle for behind the scenes,  but others are comfortable sneakin because that's there character  we should pray for both, 1 to learn they r worthy and the other to realize they make themselves look worthless in doing so    lord your perfect will be done  continue to e playful ose the enemy for all to see "
"father i come b4 u as humbly as i kno how, my heart is prostrate & contrite, asking 4giveness of all things we have done contrary 2 ur word  i ask that you show all who read this where they r undone & need help 4m u lord to walk n freedom  i pray they heed to ur voice and follow ur direction  i praise u & give u all the <propfemale>, 4 u alone r worthy  i thank u n advance 4 deliverance and <propfemale> of all vices n the mighty name of jesus i pray and believe it is done, amen!"
"fb i had a day   a day full of deliverances, what a day  i had benefit strugglin with a past issue but hot closure  i prayed and was n such a broken state i received deliverance while laying prostrate before my master   it was a beautiful e playful erience   the first of its kind but i look forward to the next session  i even spoke to some1 whom i love deeply and was given the <propmale> to ask for forgiveness for past offences"
"my 2005: status: single but secretly loving <propmale> <propmale>  best buddies: <propfemale> athanase, <propfemale> <propfirst>, joyell ellow & <propmale> <propmale>  <propfemale> out spot:arlington tx  at my auntie sheris (r i p) house memories: 1 )black <propfirst> & <propfirst> came to see me and brought me 2 shoot pool  2 ) <propmale> came see me and i was all cheesed up 3 )cornerstone church sunday school had egon settle & <propfemale> as teachers & it was always off the chain! #like my status and i'll give you a year!"
"yall i am in tears in the school library   thinking about how far i have come  i was a manipulator, fornicator, liar , etc   that had anger, hate, bitterness, unforgiveness and a slew of insecurities   but god!!! i am humbled to know that there is always hope for growth, deliverance  i know that god has a plan and purpose for my life and i <propfemale> to walk and operate in the mind of christ and the spirit of love   the same love that has me where i am today  #itsgraceandmercythatbroughtmethru"
"christian, have u ever wondered why things always happen to u? god gives u enough of the good, bad and the ugly so u will b able to witness effectively  know that whatever he allows its for ur good and his <propfemale> "
"because of who u r i give u <propfemale>, bcuz of who u r i give u praise, bcuz of who u r i will lift my voice to say that i worship u bcuz of who u r  father i love u and <propfemale> to please u, direct me in ur ways and annoint me today  let ur light b seen through me "
"when ur convinced uve endured all the hurt u can handle   don't give up   remember god is working behind the scenes   continue to walk thru the pain, knowing ur breakthru n deliverance us near  trust god and his perfect will 4 ur life   for he knows the planning he has for u   jeremiah 29:11"
"we can quote the bible all day long; however, if the words spewing out of our mouth area contrary to what we do, it all (quoting scripture) is purposeless, because u uproot the speed u have planted  lord, n the mighty name of jesus i ask that u help us match our walk with our talk, all that u would b glorified  same #dontallowuractionstotainturwitness!"
"   as for me n my house, we will serve the lord! there is no other greater, more compassionate, loving, faithful or powerful than <propmale> jesus! he is my savior, high priest, the lover of my soul, my present help, healer and comforter  he is all that i need & all i want! to god b the <propfemale>, every battle is won, thru the blood!"
"prayer works! pray for the people who do u wrong  ask god to bless them and direct their paths  im a witness, god has changed my heart  where i was offended and had animosity he has given me compassion and sympathy towards the person ttlty for his perfect will being done "
i enjoyed my day swimming with <propfemale> fairley and the kids at atalyah young house  thanks girls for the day of relaxation  <propfemale> thanks for the listening ear and honest advice   you don't know how much i appreciate it  see ya tomorrow at prayer and day 2 of swimming  kiss my brother and the girls for me  ttlty fb for him being a present help in our time of need 
"went to hour of power, now attending wof swimfest   anticipating a <propfemale> bronze tan bfore i leave  ttlty for fun n the sun with our sisters n christ!"
"the world shows pity, the believer is suppose to show compassion  both pity and compassion are the act of having a sympathetic response to others distress or pain, but compassion is coupled with the <propfemale> to alleviate that persons distress  christian, can people recognize the spirit within u or are u looking like the world? lord help us to walk in compassion invoked by our love and <propfemale> to look like u  amen"
"to every christian, that is operating in a judas spirit   stop and read <propfirst> 27   judas hangs himself, riddled with guilt for betraying a friend  don't allow the enemy to use u n such a way, that u wud b the cause of innocent blood being shed  check ur motives, are they about selfish gain, enticed by fleshly desires or is it just spite? if ur operating n the fruit of the spirit, repent & line up w the word of god!"
<propfirst> 27 also shows us that when persecuted we don't have to say a word  allow the guilty party to continue their tyrades against u   soon enuff everyone will see their true character and their malicious intents will b e playful osed  praying for them sincerely can help u walk n love and exemplify christs' even the more as u 'grow thru the pain' u feel bcuz of the betrayl  glorify god thru all circumstances!
having vanity and haughtiness blinds u from the truth  the very people who encourage u are the ones who secretly loathe u and will b the first to rejoice when ur humbled by the almighty god  choose tp humble urself bfore god does it for u! #dontbfooledbytheirsmilesbehindthepearlywhiteslayadecietfultonguethatbabbleswhenurnotaround 
1 <propfirst> 17:41-54 states that goliath saw <propfirst> as handsome & healthy and despised him  (the <propfemale> of god can be seen in his children and the devil hates everyone of us ) <propfirst> goes into battle knowing thru the power of god he has victory  (are you trusting god to fight your battles or are you fighting them on your own?) christian know who you are & who's you are! go into battle e playful ecting the victory & cut that giants head off!
"1 <propfirst> 17:41-54 shows that size doesn't matter, the god n u can conquer any devil  no matter how weak r bond u may feel by a stronghold, the holy spirit n u can empower u 2 slay it! <propfirst> took goliaths head 2 jerusalem n his weapons 2 his tent the head was a testimony   share ur testimony of what god has given u victory over  the weapons were a reminder of death that the giant intended 2 bring   remember the tactics used 2 entrap u, resist, walking in authority because god gave you victory!"
when a person rejects u it has nothing to do with u  its an indcation they don't have the capacity to obtain ur greatness  god will use them as ur peninnah to help u birth ur gift n ministry  so stop crying n start pushing (cindy trimm)
"i am sooo amazed at god  he is faithful to his children, always making a way of escape  his word is true! he is a present help! trust him at his word! he will do it, im a witness  all <propfemale> n honor r urs father god n i praise u 4-ever!"
"looking at things through gods eyes allows u to see people for who they really are, past the facide they want u to think is real  its good bcuz u recognize they aren't really cut throat, they are just still needing deliverance from hurt that blinds them from seeing the wrong n their lives sincerely pray 4 them"
"words of wisdom: when ur talking to god he is going to focus on how ur treating those that hurt u rather than what they've done u  make sure ur not allowing ur hurt to fool u n2 acting ugly with the people who hurt u, and justilieing its ok  be led by the spirit, humble urself, let go of ur pride and show them love regardless to what ur mind tells u "
"i am relaxing and watching movies with my sister  i've had an awesome weekend, filled with fun, fun, fun and i need restoration   for real  lord replenish my energy #sn>xavierndaniellesweddingweekendwasthebestest"
"<propmale> 23:28-29, for this is what the sovereign lord says: i am about to deliver u n2 the hands of those u hate, to those u turned away from n disgust  they will deal with u n hatred and take away everything u have worked for  they will leave u naked, the shame of ur prostitution will be e playful osed #takeheedchristians,warningcomesb4destruction"
"when god allows u to c something wrong going on   its not for u to gossip or backbite or blackmail  god wants u to pray, through prayer he will guide u to what is next  it cud b u holding the person accountable for their actions, u telling someone else whom has relationship with that person and or u continue to pray #bledbytheholyspirit"
"greedy people want evrything and are never satisfied but when nothing remains for them to grab, they will b nothing once they have everything, distress and despair will strike them down, and god will make them swallow his blazing anger  job20:20-23 #repentance>grace,sin>wrathofgod"
"selfish ambition has a special place in hell  stop chasing attention, fame, money and <propmale> god  #ifudrawnear2godhewilldrawnear2u*hecanhealureveryhurt!*"
"late dinner with a friend   it was nice, good looking out j c  fb fam lift me up 2nite my sinuses are doing the fool  i need complete healing so i can sleep good on this full tummy  dueces, lights out for me, 5>4>>3>2>1,zzzzzzzzzzz!"
"sick as a dog   uhm what exactly does that saying refer to? been up since 2:44, need rest and healing, saints pray!"
"bout to watch <propfirst> hart, i need a good laugh  then breakfast at ihop   mayb "
"still going strong off of 4 hrs of sleep  its amazing i was tired and hurting all day, but i pushed thru to get things done  now i've got the <propfemale> to find a pool hall n chill   (i smell a set up), this is where i use wisdom and go home  never give the enemy a foothold, rather hold ur foot on his neck #destinationhome"
"i don't hate u, i just don't like what u do to me  its kinda scary not knowing what to e playful ect, but the fact that i know ur no good for me but still i fanticize about u is a problem"
goodnight facebook family    sweet dreams 
"whether it is insult or offense its based on the interpretation  we need god to help us to acknowledge our emotin from the insult offense, then move on or else bitterness and resentment sets in  lord renew my mind, let me not b offended at all  i am not a grdge holder, get thee bhind me satan "
"so my intentions were to go to zumba after hiur of power, but that didn't work out  so i hit the mall nstead  to my surprise upon looking in the mirror, i look like brown (4m madea movie) distant cousin from the knee cap down   to funny  the normal person wud exit left, not me, i find the nearest bath n body works and get to slathering tester lotions  i am n my own <propfirst> doing me, ash b ware u won't win   lol"
"god is soooo good! i am not easily embarassed and have never really regretted anything except 1 thing   and god has given me closure! it is humbling, the 1 thing that has ever really bothered me, god fixed  how great is god that he wud do this for me #singingoh*how*he*loves*us!chickenisgoodgodisgreat!"
"words of wisdom sad dating or married) when ur n the company of the opposite sex and ur spoogie isn't their, use wisdom, don't behave n a way that u wudnt if they were their  if ur bf gf or husband wife wud have a problem with the overly exaggerated laughing, the physical contact and obvious flirting, dont do it #imtrynasaveu4manunneccesaryheadache"
"god's unseen agenda is different from satans  god is always working on our behalf to work everything for our betterment and satan trys using it for our detrement  pay attention, one is a set up to fall, the other a step up for gods <propfemale>  father hieghten our discernment so we can recognize the enemy "
"but when they dare discover they gave parts of they self away that they'll never recover a part time lover took full time pay god show her mercy her afflictions here to stay she just found out she pregnant and her child has been infected   (lecrae,rehab,the good life)"
"apply ya blood to my dirty soul 4 salvation   purify my heart fill me with ur prescence   write ur name on my soul make me whole 4 ur <propfemale> & ur name to b known  i need more, yeah i need more, lord give me more!(lecrae rehab)"
"i'm extra thankful today  god has a special way of showing his love to me  i am conscious of how ungrateful and undeserving i've been n my life and yet he loves me  even though my past still rears its head god always reminds me its ur past, continue to walk with me as the new creature u r and ill work it all for ur good! i trust jehovah jireh!"
"<propfirst> 6, taught me not to allow man made decrees to deter me from what i know god is telling me to do  christian remain faitghful to god no matter the repercussions u face from man  just as the god of <propfirst> protected him from the lions, u too will b delivered bcuz of ur faith and obedience  fear no man! worship and obey the 1 & only  almighty true living god!"
"don't be fooled by the enemy n2 thinking uve been delivered 4m something r some1 bcuz u limit ur interactions w them r it  its not until u know w o a doubt that thing is not worth shaming ur savior and all he's done for u and that's y u don't indulge at all  choose to walk n victory! give that sin its divorce papers w  a prortection order drenched n the blood! let satan know ure free  denounce any n evrtthing associated with it, n walk free 2nite!"
"guess what?  the very thing ur upset with some1 else about u may very well b guilty of urself  ask god to show u urself, the things god has had to 4give u of over and over again  don't allow the enemy, or ur emotions to fool u n2 being angry, upset or unforgiving when u have had to b 4given of some of the same things "
"1<propfirst> 28> <propmale> finds himself consulting a medium in hopes of speaking to <propfirst>, the very man whom brought the word to <propmale> which he disobeyed  bcuz of <propmale>s disobedience god stopped speaking to <propmale>  (christian, don't allow sin to cut u off 4m the prescence and voice of god! don't settle for a cheap imitation (witches, mediums & warlocks) when u can have the guidance of the almighty, all knowing, all powerful god  trust & obe!!!"
"goodmornting, beautiful people on fb! do i have any bible scholars on my <propfemale>? god had me read song of songs 2:7-17 and i'm stumped to what it means and how to apply it to my life  i've read the whole chapter and still don't understand  help please!"
watching nsecure and is reminded of why i never let a negro boss me around  i have to admit i had a bit of control issues but nothing like this dude  he is borderline crazy! sn#shoutouttoallthestalkersonfb wink iftheshoefitswearitandwearitproudly lmbo
i had an excellent day! i visited memort <propfirst> and decided to dedicate a post to all the ex- stalkers  stalkees  tell ur funniest or most unforgettable stalking story  it can b u stalking or gettin stalked   tell the truth and shame the devil 
"god is good all the time  even n the worst of times  can see his goodness  i thank u lord for being a god of comfort, peace, grace & mercy! all praise to yaweh! jehovah the promise keeper is my daddy! who's urs?"
"as always, i am rejoicing bcuz of how awesome god is  he always allowsme to see his <propfemale> thru the most awkqard of times  i don't know what ur \growing\"" through right now;however i can assure u christian that god will c u thru! just trust him & his word! seek his face and will for ur life """
"are u looking the part? embracing it all & knowin  what ur doin n each process is giving god <propfemale>  the rejection, persecution, tribulation, drought as well as the favor & blessings,  should all be embraced and walked out with the same assurance faith that god is n control, no matter the season n life u face  i know, its so much easier said than done, but i charge u 2 continue whatever u do all the time  don't allow circumstance 2 stop ur gift 4m flowing  stand firm n the word & persevere!"
"yall i don't know what's wrong or right with me today, but i\m extremely hopeful   not sure why   other than me having a personal relationship with christ that is soooo satisfying  but i just feel like he has something great instore for me   why else would i be e playful eriencing test after test after trial after drought after test  ttlty for his perfect will being done in our lives! hallelujah!"""
"i will b the first to admit, i am different, cut from a different clothe all together! i love who i've become & i look forward to what else god will mold me n2! im faaaaaaarrrrr from perfection, but made in the perfect image& bcuz of that, i know greater things are to come! i love y'all   be ye encouraged   we have hope bcuz of christ"
"you bless all of those who trust you, lord, and refuse to worship idols or follow false gods  you, lord god, have done many wonderful things, and you have planned marvelous things for us  no one is like you! i would never be able to tell all ypu have done -psalms 40:4-5"
"4get jabez & remember <propmale>! stop seeking gods hand and seek his face!  ask god to reveal hisself to u n a more intimate way, ask him to direct u n the path u should go! release ur <propfemale> for stuff & ask him what is he requiring of u! he died 4 u, the least u cud do is live 4 him!"
"fb family, whether u r in a relationship now, just coming out of one or looking forward to a future one, remember to show ur love n word & action  when ur words r followed by actions that align with one and other, it leaves no room for doubt or suspision to cloud ur partners mind  this can also b applied to platonic or parental relationships also  the holding back of affection is a tactic of the enemy to keep division seperation among u  heed to the word!"
"every day u open ur eyes is another day god has given u his grace and mercy  if ur reading this repent of ur sins and ask god what does he have for u to do today  seek his face, it will bless ur life  god bless u "
"the god i serve is a wonder worker  he has sovereignty over all things bcuz he is creator of all ! he can do exceedingly abundantly more than u can ask or,imagine! can u do urself a favor and let him b god& fix whats wrong! surrender ur will control and let him have his way! <propfemale> b to god!"
big thank you to all who helped me out yesterday! i appreciate the love and inquireies i recieved yall made me feel loved and i'm still getting calls   oh the love 
"hey guys is there anybody that u feel has done u wrong, despitefully used u or has violated u n any way? guess what? god knows their heart, let him deal with them! stop trying to have ur own revenge and give the offense to god  he is just in all he does and knows who has maliscious intent and who feels bad about what they do  pray for your enemies that god have mercy bcuz he don't play behind his kids "
bout to blaze to the n  o  y'all pray for travling grace  holla if u got the number 
"spirit recognize spirit!! what r u attracting?  r ur friends liars, gossipers, fornicators, manipulators, etc? christian if ur n the midst of these spirits n ur not bothered   check urself   birds of a feather   ! i kno the truth hurts   but it also sets u free "
"chillin, catchin up with family and past acquaintances  i love my n o  family! thank u lord for this visit "
"the enemy desires to kill u! there is a spiritual death that comes b4 the natural  are u dieing? have u stopped praying, going to church, reading ur word   etc? have u replaced it with clubbing,drinking, smoking   etc, all r natural signs of ur spiritual death manifesting  christian, stop, repent and come back home! daddy is waiting "
"christian, bring every thought captive that sets itself against god & his word,bring it to submission under the power and authority of christ  depression, negativity, stress, lonliness, fear and things of the like are from the enemy designed to kill ur hope! its a lie, christ is ur hope! grab hold of him & dont let go!"
"christian, stop being apologetic & ashamed! ur old friends will never get to see the new u as long as u comprimise ur standards when they r around  don't flip flop to make them comfortable  ex =>if u don't listen to secular music, don't change bcuz they r n the car with u  ex 2=>if god has convicted u on drinking, don't feel obligated to drink bcuz they r  the enemy is using ur comprimising to kill ur witness  dont b fooled any longer, be unashamed n unapologetic for loving christ!"
"(singing n my saprano falsetto voice) hallelujah, salvation and <propfemale>  honor and power unto the lord, our god  for the lord our god is mighty, the lord our god is umpniputant << (spell check) the lord our god is wonderful!"
"can i just give god some praise  y'all he is worthy! i just finish talkin to my stistah <propfemale> and man oh man god is soooo loving, gracious n merciful! he has been better to me then i've been to him or myself  ttlty if u know its by his grace n mercy u r here today  thank ya lawd!"
