d2404593ecf8f3e036f42be6450bfc88
im so fraking bored   
hey hey hey what's up fools   
hey you there people    how is everyone doing   ?
hellooo    people    im home alone for a month    woohoo    mi aunt and my uncle left early (2 weeks   ) jajaja   
"darness and hatred have killed this world, and people is draging everyone behind   "
happy new year!!! everyone!!!  smile [semper fidelis
what tha f*** is wrong with this people    they pissed me off   
orale    ese   
what the f*** is wrong wit hthis people   ?
huh    whats up with the weather   
hello    my friends    how ya all doing?
hey hey hey    i'm back   
holy <propfemale> macaroni   
sure   
what tha f*** is wrong with ya all???
holy shit    sss    damn i pulled it out     shhhwweeeuuu    
shoot    i didn't make it into 110 but i'll take 100 over the summer so that i can take 110 next year   
alright    i have to get ready to help at the earth day festival tomorrow and sunday    community service   
what do you think is the hotest thing in a girl   ???
oh noh    i dont know wtf to put   !!!!
make a wish   
stupid maywheather    turtle face   
mmm   hu   
oh    mf   
g night everyone    
check out my new pics   
ahhh    sure   
going to school tommorrow sucks   
you don't know what can be done until you've either done it or you've screwed it up   
i need that fucking money by monday or i'm screwed    [fuck]
i guess i'm screwed   
i guess im fucking screwed    need that fucking cash   
my life is full of misery and despair  still any sudden decissions i'd make in a time like this i wouldn't regret 
sad but true   
life's a shit!!!
life's not as bad as i thought   
oh lord    you are no more than bullshit   
semper fi!!!
peole's life    they're no more for illusions    jaja sure   
no where to go    but hell   !!!
holy shit   
hey    remember    stay awake!!!
let's go celtics!!!
sweet goal from germany!!!
and so it happened   ? is weird how things turn around huh?
so    then everything changes    i hope is for good though!!!
just here chilling in tj    sweet    is the best place   
we are children of a worthless god?
"magic illusions rave!!! hotel corona rosarito, bc, mx!!!"
my dad's a <propmale>    he didn't let me go to the magic illusions rave at rosaro    what an ass   !!!
fma!!!
never know what's gonna happen   
the world is really freaky   !!!
hey    anyone remembers doom th game for pc?    haha just remembering the old times   
my dad's gone for the weekend    woo hoo    party!!!
hve a head ache   
my knee fucking hurts   
ok    there's moment whenu justcant figure out something    and hell i had a really weird e playful erience rigt now    whats with that girl?
it's amazing how umpredictible is life!!!!
life'not beautyful    yet i's  not that bad    i guess
ok    goingto work out reallysucks when u begin    (ooouch) i'm freaking sore   
there's many ways to see the world aroud u    and i'm not talking 'bout drugs!!!
how the hell do you find someone from cameroon in a <propfemale> chat-room on ares?
damn    going to work out again    i'm already hella sore    but it's good for me!!!
finally    a little bit of rest smile 
think of all the ppints of view that your life has    now think about how other people sees your life    is it what you e playful ected?
the way the world looks is different from everyone's perspective!!!
my stomach hurts!!!!  sad 
apple pie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
didnt sleep at all!!!
it's a helluva <propfemale> that could be made into a monster if we all pull together as a team!!!!!
"i guess i'll never get over it    then, her image will hunt me for the rest of my life"
time for a lifechange!!!
"what's love? it is no more than illusions    because what is love based on? love is just created by our minds    but still i'm not telling you not to believe in it    you should believe, because it brings hope to the lives of many    and remember share love with those who can't love no more for that is what love is for    to be shared    to give it away    love your world, love everything around you   "
morphing time!!!!
life is unfair!!!!!
wooo wooo    so what then?
no shit    what is wrong with this world????
"why am i not sure if it would be a \see you soon\"" or just a \""good bye\""?"""
so easy to trick my mom!!!!!
"try to understand    the world can't do it alone    so please help us change it, making it better!!!!!"
finally fixed my pc    damn i have to go back to sb in a week    i was having such a good time here in tj!!!!
blank!!!!
why do i have to help my brother with his homework?!!!!!
ok    this god damned drawings are freaking pissing me off!!!!!!
ways to remember!!!!
ke raro y ke dificil    how weird and dificult it is    tantos problemas    so many probles    lo ke keda es <propfemale>    all it's left is hope!!!!
going back to sb    guess it was about time(and might be the last time)!!!
haha suckers my schedule is freaking sick!!!!
hey seems like my life is finally getting better!!!
hey!!! don't tell anyone!!!
"hey!!! there's nothing wrong on making more than $1,000,000 in a single job "
finally got a phone!!!
people bug!!!
ahh so fucking tired!![hk]
i so want to go paintballing!![h
damn that nap was longer than e playful ected    lol[h
today was fraking hot + i didn't go painballing  what a bummer!!![hk
my case is on its way    (sweet)[hk
damn stupid lab report   !!!!
it sucks    having gone to that concert would have been sick [hk]
"woohoo    slayer, megadeth, anthrax what else do u want? american carnage is going to be sick!!![h"
it woul suck if for the lamest of thing we cant go to that concert!!! slayer!!! mgadeth!!! anthrax!!! woohoo american carnage!!! l a  oct 21st  [h
hey she's actually really cool  ahh    it's such a nice day today   smile [h
damn i got tired    *rangers lead the way
there's something about her that i really like  i wonder what it is  and hey i feel good i met her  she's just so great  *rangers lead the way*
sweet!!! american carnage!!! oct 21st!!!*rangers lead the way*
2 days!!!*rangers lead the wa
american carnage here we go!!!!*rangers lead the way*
"hey guys!!! american carnage was the shit!!! ginson amphitheatre th oct, 21    mayhem!!! success!!*rangers lead the way"
uhh!!!!
flashback: who remembers putting batteries in the microwave once they stopped workin just to make them work again?
"das nachste, was sie wissen, sie nehme meine gedanken entfernt"
life is miserable    because you are in it!!!! get the hell out damn it!!!!!
hahaha lakers suck!!!! koby is a ball hugger!!!
fucking hollywood moments!!!
so close no matter how far!!!
i've become something different    i have changed    i can't think of anything else    is a strange feeling! is?
the feeling is stronger    the mind is not focused    one time only i will be!!!
doh-dah-dipity!
we're bornwith painno morewe're deadembryonic cells
there is times in which something is stuck in your mind    what's stuck in your mind right now?
how can death be part of life? how can life be part of death?
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!
it is the worse when you think you have something and suddenly you see it being taken away in front of your own eyes! your dreams being crushed and everything t
how could you ever possibly understand    what i think? what i do? what i like? what i <propfemale>?    how i act?    what i belive? how i respond? what i want? what
i see my future as i want it to be    i see the path and the obstacles that have been set and that i must overcome    and i know that thae day will come in whic
i want a shotgun for my b-day!![semper fidelis]
"what is fire itself? it seems to me as a tranquilizing and pacifying force yet it is not a force, nor matter, is it energy?[semper fideli"
i hate this asshole!! he pisses me off!!!
"shining blast, no perception!alterd state, no reaction!shining blast!altered state![semper fidelis"
there's no need to show your darkest emotions! but if you don't they eat you alive!
not feeling so well!  sad [semper fidelis
damn it got a little rowdy!!  smile 
bender's last name is rodriguez!!!  smile [semper fidelis]
almost got ranned over by a cop!!  smile [semper fideli
peace sells    but who's buying?[semper fidelis
life is not perfect but i am grateful i have it!  smile [semper fideli
no!! don't believe what you see!!no!! don't believe what you read
i wonder what that damn car was!!!
spaceman stew!!
"follow us blindly or die like a dog\blood mixed with sand for this holy war\your saviors a killer, you die for allah\you are all children of a worthless god!!"
we're the smartest beings on the planet    but we're so stupid!
there is times when i feel like my life is falling appart!
let's go <propmale>    let's kick some la trash!
"poison cloud hangs in the air\breath it in, your only care\it's a nightmare, not a dream\deathamphetamine!"
let's go pittsburg!!
that's how pittsburg does it!! let's go steelers!!
i came to the us to have a better life but it just seems shitier to me!!
i got a buzz cut!!  smile 
i look like a skin-head    or that's what people say    the salute is getting a little awkward though!! haha
am gay i sucked <propmale>
lets go!!! pittsburgh!!! lets go!!!
we fought hard! we came close! but it didn't happen!  sad  next year it'll be!! let's go pittsburgh!
is it necesary? for life to this shitty <propfemale> all you want is the best for everyone?
if you are giving buzz-cuts tomorrow i'll take one!  smile 
"yeah!!! that's how we do it <propmale>!! let's go nuggets!!! so much for the second best, mavericks!!! were did their streak go?"
