ed63948fcdc570932f74facacca435ef
"spicy hot chocolate that gets hotter after you take a sip is a good, good thing  even better, when there are freshly made vanilla bean marshmallows in it "
studies have shown that black denim jackets decrease the wearer's dork factor by at least 15%
"highlight of my day: wearing *rad* official promotional wristbands at work  low point of my day: discovering i'm allergic to whatever chemical said wristbands are treated with  hello, allergy rash "
"for halloween this year, should i be a 30's movie vamp (not vampire), or a 50's zombie housewife?"
anyone going out tonight? i'm feeling uncharacteristically social 
insomnia strikes back!
is the only person on fb right now because everyone else is out doing things that normal people do on a saturday night 
"am i going to get any sleep any time soon? \*shakes magic 8ball*\\probably not\"""""
why d0 pe0ple use zer0s instead of o's in their 0nline dial0gue? guess i'm n0t c00l en0ugh t0 understand 
"what is up with these hideous shoes that are being advertised to me? i will not buy them, <propfirst> i am!"
but what if i don't want to keep up with the kardashians?
"it is apparently my civic duty to spend a day sitting on a crappy plastic chair, next to some smelly guy that snores, doing crosswords "
my life with the thrill kill cult is playing tonight at the beauty bar!!! i'm going 
"i know those little credit gift cards that can go on your key chain are cute; 50 keys, 10 souvenir key chains, a bottle opener, a swiss army knife and a two-foot-long lanyard are not cute    especially when trying to slide said card through a magnetic scanner "
this is the weirdest laundromat i've ever been to  there's a massage chair you can pay to use  i'll probably have to use it after maneuvering through the <propfemale> spaces between all the machines 
nothing to end the night like a soft chocolate chip cookie and a glass of milk  smile 
"should i go to hooters with a friend from work and his friends? feel special, <propmale>, that i'm even thinking about it!"
"cheers to the friends who are there when things aren't easy, and to the ones who trust you in their time of need "
time to go spill coffee on myself and say nonsensical things to customers  yay for opening shift!
"it's pedi-cab season in downtown san <propmale>  yes, that splendid time of year when tourists pay desperate students immigrants fifty bucks to take them, by bike-carriage, three blocks at  00002 <propmale> per hour in the middle of traffic  serenity now!"
"when it's really hot and you're trying to find the coolest spot in the house, go to where the cats are "
"to love about working next to comic con: watching nerds taking over the gaslamp, making lots of tips because i'm a female nerd, meeting random famous people that nerds like (the guy from quantum leap, no kidding)  not to love: dealing with those nerds who are completely socially inept because they think they're smarter, and therefore better, than everyone else "
"prop 8 is on trial today  i can't e playful ress the hurt i felt, a few days after my wedding, at its passing  i want reach the hearts of its supporters and show them that marriage should about the joy someone brings into your life, the completion that sharing yourself with another brings  why would anyone want to <propmale> that joy of another? it's devastating  let's hope the right decision is made this time "
"sleep, you elude me for the second night in a row  what must i do to get you back in my life?"
driving along the coast + amazing sunset =  smile 
ant season has officially begun  time to bust out the deep cleaning arsenal 
"thanks, <propmale> mar racetrack, for paying for my weekend  wink "
time to get down to business and start working on a portfolio of my dessert madness! let me know if you're in need of some cake pie meringue cookie eclairs  just let me take a few pictures before you devour it 
"as if i wasn't already excited enough about tron: legacy, i just found out the original score was done by daft punk  i don't know if it gets any more rad than that "
"today i spilled: half a cup of scalding hot coffee on my hand, a hopper of decaf espresso beans into a hopper of regular espresso beans, and most of a bowl of cereal (with milk) on my kitchen floor  maybe i should go to bed before i do any more damage "
"currently suppressing my inner adolescent, who is telling me i should get all gothed out, put my \i voted\"" sticker on and strut about in la jolla  tee-hee """
"today, a parade is scheduled to go right past my store  this generally means a line out the door, down the stairs, ending who-knows-where  wish me luck  oh, did i mention the water heater's broken? weeee!"
an evening full of baking pumpkin pies    smells like fall in my apartment  laugh 
tonight a customer told me i was really nice    that was really nice 
the only thing better than thanksgiving dinner: thanksgiving leftovers sammich 
"as if it wasn't bad enough that the laundromat i frequent is always playing kyxy; now it's kyxy christmas! that's right, easy listening renditions of all your 'favorite' christmas music    nonstop  thank goodness for my hand-me-down ipod "
fluffy bathrobe - check  cup of hot decaf french roast - check  <propmale> season 3 disc 3 - check  it's going to be a good night 
<propfirst> sanders is my hero 
a coach <propfemale> pack is still a <propfemale> pack 
one husband-cooked french dinner + 2 glasses pinot noir + bed at 10 smile 0 (followed by 12 hours sleep) = perfect new year's 
up and ready for a company outing to mammoth today  here's hoping my first snowboarding attempt is kind to my vertebrae!
i'm having a psychic vision    i'm seeing a bottle of advil pm and a bathtub full of hot <propfemale> bubble-bath  what could it mean?
"watch out, i'm in one of those moods  y'know, when i give you my bluntly honest opinion whether you want to hear it or not  will not be surprised if my \friends\"" list is a little shorter at the end of the day """
had to crank up the sub woofer to a level appropriate for listening to daft punk's new tron soundtrack    sorry downstairs neighbor 
obscure reference 
what do you eat when you're super-hungry but can't eat anything because you have the stomach flu?
"rule of life number 74: if you are patronizing a business that is not a bordello, it is not acceptable to put your hand on the waist(s) of the employee(s) of said business  apparently there are people who are unaware of this rule "
coachella!!! going to have a good birthday for sure  wink 
my cat destroyed my face  at least she avoided my eyes 
i  hate  critical  mass 
"farmer's market time  heirloom tomatoes, here i come!"
"i seem to have missed the emergence of what i like to call the mountain-man hipster; guys that look like <propfirst> bunion's 110 lb, vegan cousin  flannel shirt, beanie, tight jeans and massive amounts of unruly facial hair  when did this happen?"
nights such as this are perfect for eclipse hot chocolate  wink 
how is it that quitting caffeine has given me more energy and motivation?
sinus infection  i think my eyeballs are going to e playful lode  sad 
"mardi gras and st  <propfemale>'s in san <propmale> = no parking terrible traffic, huge crowds, crappy bands, overpriced food and beverage, and people getting sloppy drunk as an excuse to be obnoxious in public  how is this fun?"
i finally feel ready to fall asleep    now that i'm supposed to be getting ready for work  of course 
