74f7bd13c33957ecd985dc5cd951dd14
"marched with jti in the pride parade yesterday, thankful for the political oasis in a sea of rainbow commerce  now i can take my sick self back to bed "
zzzzzz 
it's been raining so long there may well be mildew growing within my very soul 
"two weeks to departure  can't wait to get home, dry out, pet my beloveds, prep my courses, and finish up a phase of the unholy "
"a surprise picnic  gravity bringing mortality nearer  great triumph for dearest of dear friends  holy shit, what a week already  go, dr  <propmale> mccann!"
"leave the job: two days  leave boston: five days  a matriarchal visit, breakfast with dr  wright, a bukowski of a time with dr  mccann (!), a gathering of the old school, and into the arms of the brilliant and beautiful dr  cloud as of ten days from now  "
"packing is wack  i'd much rather be pestering <propfirst> on his birthday   happy birthday, <propfirst>!!"
"landed in indianapolis  dr  mccann - rock <propfemale> - is a delightful host  also, for those of you in ohio, i feel compelled to tell you that your state takes six million years to drive across "
"time with sweet <propfemale>, a perfect 24 hours with dr  mccann so far, and an anticipated brilliant stop on the love bus 2009 tour (dr  aguayo's words) tomorrow via the <propfirst> debs museum in terre haute  odd - i grew up thinking that the midwest was some <propfemale>"
fifteen hours' drive would've been much less but for arkansas monsoons 
"i find myself missing <propmale> today  maybe, just maybe, it might be because he isn't here  yet oh, so happy to be home, between <propfirst>'s sweet laugh, <propfirst>'s sno-cone coiff, and all sixteen paws of furry lovin' goodness "
balls to the pauli principle 
"home is nice, if on the hotter-than-hades side of things "
"baby's first syllabi: liberating and intimidating all at the same time  i kinda want my mommy  and a manhattan  gee, i hope the kids at school will like me!"
"<propfemale> the dog: by day, small, furry, and sweet  by night, quadruples in size and takes over the bed, driving humans out with her mighty wookie feet and death breath "
103 degrees? seriously?! reacclimation underway - i just hope my skin won't catch fire and burn off in the meantime 
"gods of motivation, why have you abandoned me?! i will totally place true blood season 1 on the altar if only you will return and smite me with your mighty dope-slap of discipline and inspiration "
blissed out @ home  it's sinking in  i dig it 
"toe is not broken bruised, though, swollen, and painful shoes are still a no "
baby bird has left the nest  where did the time go? i'm thinking it's a multiple-cocktail-and-old-country-music kind of night 
"oriented, but tired  but i have a feeling this is going to be an all-right semester "
"ah, i've got demons inside me  evil, evil morning demons that make me snarl, holler, and generally rain hell on those around me  (sorry, d )"
"exorcism by coffee and spousal <propfemale>  on to feeding my political jones at the tx socialist day school  (i can stop anytime i like  really  i just get the shakes for a while afterwards   okay, i admit it  hiatus hurts )"
bidding the oogedy-boogedys at the driskill a good night of haunting people  other people  those who aren't trying to sleep past their nerves on the <propfemale> of the first day of classes 
"i  love  my  job  delightful students, classes i dig teaching, kind colleagues who bring beginning-of-the-semester cookies   what *is* this little joy bubble? (no, it's not lack of sleep ) may the other shoe just stay up there wherever it is "
"now that the semester is underway, our heroine returns her attention to writing  (and not just as an excuse to <propfemale> with <propfemale>, though that would be reason enough )"
"ah, the lonely office hour  we'll see if that changes  meanwhile, it's course website set-up and the time-suck that is facebook "
the first-years have caught fire  i  love  them  who knew fifty minutes could go by so quickly?
"loooooong teaching day  i still love it  but damn, they wore me out today  i blame toulmin "
"writing today  oh, yes "
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
any teaching day that contains 'planet rock' is a good teaching day  i can't wait til we get to dead prez 
2am  baking cake  is that weird?
*wicked* cranky today  sending <propfirst> off to do social things so she can escape my directionless wrath 
writing slowly today  feels like each letter is being extracted from my body - proceeding with care so as to avoid pain 
"the students are rocking my world  they do the readings  (props to <propmale> selfa and <propfemale> wolf for their textual guest appearances - very well received ) they say interesting things  they laugh at my jokes  now, if only the first paycheck of the semester would hurry up and arrive   "
"some things suck  most things, however, do not  on balance, suck does not win "
"creeping up on a complete draft  busy weekend ahead  in yo ugly damn face, debilitating self doubt! (you heard me )"
writing  must write faster  allergies slowing me down 
"parents' weekend at hendrix college coming up  wasn't it just yesterday that i got to play soccer mom in motorcycle boots? a mere second ago that i whooped for the marching band? (deal with the dissonance, y'all ) while nostalgia isn't completely warranted, my favorite small animal is not so small anymore  and now that she's gotten her nose pierced, she can accomplish anything "
"run dmc, debates about white privilege, and a discussion of the dodge revolutionary union movement  plus a couple of selections from the little red songbook  damn, i love this gig  my students are geniuses "
"writing more  must write faster  it's time to get 'r done, fo sho  meanwhile, excited as hell to see <propfirst> this weekend, even if it is in arkansas  and here's sending a shout-out to a <propmale> among friends and colleagues for love and support "
parents' weekend was great  <propfirst> is doing brilliantly (yay!)  only downside is the sixteen writing hours lost to the drive to arkansas and back (boo!) 
made up some lost writing time today  almost there  someday i will learn to stop reading and just type 
i need some pedagogical benadryl to conquer a collective reading allergy overtaking my froshes  they just seem a little frayed at the edges  midterms? the weather? abuse of the socratic method? poor dears 
"draft 2 of prospectus 2 is off my damn desk  now i can grade some papers  (after a cocktail  maybe i'll just grade really, really fast tomorrow )"
"students recovered from their reading allergy and redeemed themselves today  of course, any day is a good one that includes <propmale> x, dr  <propmale>, radical flanking, public enemy, and 'eyes on the prize'  damn, i love this gig!"
"nationalequalitymarchnationalequalitymarchnationalequalitymarch! check the posts below: obama's record on lgbt rights, history of our struggle, next steps for our movement, why marching matters  out of the closet and into the streets, y'all!"
"it was a lovely day  then the peace prize goes to a pres who continues bush's policies in afghanistan and elsewhere  then <propmale> <propfirst> dumps on the national equality march  it's time to march, y'all, and to tell the dems that we're no longer willing to take \the tranquilizing drug of gradualism \"" no more accommodating the party responsible for the policies we're trying to end  nothing less than full equality!"""
"in dc, sharing a room with the lovely drs  cloud & <propmale>  following an incredible <propfemale> wolf cleve jones event, i'm just waiting for the march to begin  meanwhile, i can't say enough how brilliant it was to hear the words out of obama's mouth about <propfirst> shepard, dodt, and employment discrimination  one question, though: would he have given the same speech tonight if we weren't in his back yard right now?"
"down with <propmale> <propfirst>, up with lady gaga  at least 150,000 out today  way to go, jti! it's cocktail time, y'all "
"2 smile 0am, gotta go to the airport soon for a red-eye back to <propfirst>  holdin' it down with <propfemale> <propmale> in the hotel bar while my beloved gently sleeps  (can't sleep now - we just ordered pizza )"
chicken doesn't have doggy cancer (yay!)  <propfirst> tore a calf muscle (boo!)  i am worn out 
"<propmale> <propfirst> climbed the radical ladder put up by the mattachines, bilitis, stonewall, milk, and the rest of the movement all the way up to the house of reps  he's since kicked the ladder out from under him and convinced himself that the ladder never existed  he continues to live rent-free in uncle <propmale>'s cabin, over on the wrong side of history  in schoolyard terms: <propmale>, your a** is grass  the pressure is coming "
"questioning the wisdom of agreeing - two years ago - to write this book chapter, due this week  i barely remember what i was doing two years ago  (no dissertation jokes, please  be kind )"
"ok, it's about time to pimp the birthday  bust out the wallets, y'all, and give it up to cedp and cersc  (see my notes for info and links )"
"kerbey <propfirst> this morning, dead prez @ emo's tonight  and methodius finally came home to mother after a three-day bender of birds, bugs, and taking kibble from strangers  to top it all off, sweet birthday wishes and kind donations from wonderful people are warming my heart and helping change the world "
"too old to be staying out all night  why, oh why, did dp have to play at midnight before a long teaching day? falling behind and into a slight panic "
"kitties should not have holes in them other than the ones they were born with  old man methodius is in the hospital, and mama's pacing the floor "
"methodius is home  seems he's not a big fan of the e-collar  or the stitches  or the hole under the stitches  or the traitor who took him to the vet in the first place  tough love, kitteh  don't break mah heart "
"writing, grading, learning more about fiv, wondering about antiretrovirals (azt for kitties?) "
need sleep  want to be home with my little saint  love <propfirst> for packing lunch today 
<propmale> blanton scheduled to be executed in tx @ 6pm today  call <propfirst> @ 5124632000 & demand he stop the execution!
no more legal lynchings! please fight to stop executions! http annoyed  www nodeathpenalty org
"holy shit, y'all! ten years, countless court dates, demos, petitons, speak-outs, teach-ins, and we won! charges dropped against <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> springsteen! congratulations, <propfemale> and cedp!"
"household pets are a needy lot this week  methodius is all franken-kitty with his shave and stitches, <propmale> is molting *again,* since it seems he didn't get it right the last time, chicken went aggro last night, and <propfemale>'s treating the litter box like a family-style buffet  at least <propmale> is consistent - she's always been batshit crazy "
you know today's a midterm exam paper deadline day when you catch students nodding off during a discussion of 50 cent  poor little wankstas 
running behind  again  boo 
i  love  <propfirst> cloud 
"two things really astound me today: 1) iowa is actually cooler than maine; 2) the mainstream lgbt movement still spends its considerable resources chasing a state-by-state strategy that continues to fail instead of mobilizing at the federal level (say, along with the rest of the movement) for full equality under all matters under the law "
"whose stupid idea was this damn flu, anyhow? i don't wanna stay home tomorrow!"
not a fan of the flu  can i give it back already and get on with my life?
"to a burning, miserable hell with this flu! i'm drugging up to get my teach on tomorrow  keep your distance, y'all! (i'm packing hand sanitizer )"
"nca coming to a close  short nap before flying home  then grading and prep for what promises to be a long monday  seeing beloved friends and colleagues makes it worth while  still, another unconvention would be better "
"home again, home again  grading again  hope i didn't frighten off the prospectives who sat in on my hip-hop class yesterday "
"an afternoon of love, communication, and poo  then dinner afterwards  the students may well think that everyone at ut is either a potty-mouthed eccentric (i mean it lovingly), a fire-breathing revolutionary socialist, or - in my case - a potty-mouthed, eccentric, fire-breathing revolutionary socialist  i  love  this job "
methodius' health care costs are higher than mine  can kitties get single-payer coverage? can humans?
"this is getting ridiculous  methodius had a tooth out yesterday - e playful ensive  then his leg was taped too tightly, yielding a swollen, cartoon-looking paw - freakish  now he's back on <propfemale> morphine, chasing the dragon while mama hopes the vet will take a post-dated check - wicked unfair "
"hip-hop throwdown in class a week from now pro and contra eminem  would it be wrong for me to let them rap their final? meanwhile, back to writing  (focus!)"
<propfirst>'s home! now it's a holiday 
"fourth day sans cigs  feel like crap, but not homicidal  i hear it gets better "
"i'd like to pull my face off now, 'mkay?"
thank gawd for box wine (and thank <propmale>)  keeps me from wanting to pull my face off 
"um, i still want to pull my face off  novel addition: i want to pull your face off, too  kisses!"
"got face? me, too  and there's a lot of work in front of it "
"okay, enough with the face thing  now i'm just moderately weepy with the wanting to smoke  but i won't smoke  and i don't smoke  and i'm a non-smoking kind of person  oh, balls, i actually still do want to rip off your face! does that make me a bad person?"
"enough about my not smoking bits  wtf about the new surge in af-pak? seriously? seriously? yeah, he says troops will be withdrawn from iraq  he failed to mention that the same troops will be deployed to afghanistan  this is not a furlough home  this is not a real withdrawal  and this is not a mission of which we are on the right  us out of iraq and afghanistan  and pakistan "
"last day of 2 out of 3 classes  i'm going to miss my students, even if all semblance of structure has dissolved and nearly every one of them has either melted down or developed a fidgeting problem   sad "
"did anybody else know that there's such a thing as banana pudding ice cream with nilla wafers mixed in? oh, joy abundant!"
"nine days clean  i thank the lawd for banana pudding ice cream, even as i double in glorious non-smoking circumference  at least i can breathe at the gym now, almost  know any good chimneysweeps?"
"much travel ahead  looking forward to seeing good people in the midwest next week and watching darling brother <propfirst> graduate next weekend from wvu, grading all the while  arse on fire  keeps me warm "
"his e playful ensiveness, methodius, is back in the shop  all is well so far  still not smoking (neither he nor i)  more like hacking (both he and i) some direct objects not suitable for polite conversation  ick "
"a test of my abstemiousness: i spent an obscene amount of money learning that methodius is well  damn cat needs to get a job  he's got scratching and digging skills  he can kill things  and he makes his own brand of repellent noxious enough to keep any creature with a sense of smell far, far away  any takers?"
"if you even look like you might spray my suitcase, you're gonna be violin string "
"i was pulled over today by a po-po man with preternaturally white teeth  part of the new caps for cops program, i suppose "
<propfirst> cloud = rock <propfemale> 
(grading + cold rain + travel) x anxiety   (good people around + spouse who rocks) = a bad-day quotient < 1  that will do 
"one would think that rhythm and wordplay were above and beyond the call, but the students are really bringin' it   citation via shout-out to <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale> <propfirst> to beats coming from laptop speakers - it all makes me want to weep with pride  if only i could find a way to include a rapping option in every final exam in every class i teach from now on "
"friday fail  time for saturday now, okay?"
"detroit airport, pittsburgh next  the drive to morgantown will allow me to stop off and buy a f*ing coat, thus joining that part of the human race that is sane  and warm "
"no amount of ironic detachment or suspended disbelief can redeem that sub-kitsch song about ten thousand fireflies that keeps playing on the few stations my rental car receives  lightning bug hugs? seriously? the earth does turn slowly, owl city, entirely too slowly to keep your insipid song out of rotation  a crime against pop music "
"grading hip-hop finals - and it don't stop, y'all!"
"gratitude to <propmale> for the holiday haunch  (perhaps i should rethink arguing with an advisor who likes to shoot things ) a first-attempt, 36-hour <propfemale> barbecue-marinated haunchlet is in the works  so are revisions "
drinking is not a substitute for smoking  i understand that now 
"tonight, avatar 3d with my d  tomorrow, writing  meanwhile, cinnamon toothpicks are getting me through day 24 "
"avatar: 1) identity politics won't save you; 2) my heart will go on (wait  wrong soundtrack, right?); 3) i  love  <propfemale>, and so should you "
words of wisdom from the society for the prevention of cruelty to metatarsals and the ad council: don't break your toes 
"no gas=no heat, no hot water, 30 degrees outside now, colder last night  now i understand why there's a fireplace in our living room  can i come shower at your place? classes start tomorrow, and i don't want to smell off "
"all is warm on the home front, and i am clean enough for the classroom  thanks to all kind souls who offered aid "
"yes, my face *will* freeze like this "
"my social movements class decided spontaneously to, uh, start a movement  syllabus revision is underway  damn, i love this gig "
"rest in peace, <propmale> zinn  let us <propfemale> on the work he started by telling (and making!) the people's history "
tired  grumpy  not liking today so far 
"lgbt movement in one class (from stonewall through dems to nem), campaign attack ads in the other (<propmale> and <propfemale> 1, <propfirst> horton, swiftboat, anti-hillary 1984)  the day ended up more fun than it started "
"i  love  <propfemale>  she cheers me up  we drink wine  we talk politics  she reminds me how much i miss activism  *sigh* marxists cannot live by theory alone  (hear that, dissertation?)"
can't  lift  pen  ugh! can't  grade  papers  there's some kind of mojo whammy drawing me away from the papers towards a movie and popcorn  i'm powerless to fight it 
"we've been burgled  balls  (at least they left the tv, so <propfirst> can console herself with american idol ) and this would be the first time i've ever been on *this* end of a police report  balls to that, too "
"remember when i said i love my job? seems i get to love it for another year  take that, week of suck!"
"i  love  my students  i also  love  that common is coming to campus (2 26)! and i'm wicked honored to be approached to do say something about hip-hop history politics i don't yet know what before the concert  (seriously, where did they get my number?)"
the sun is waaaaaay over the yardarm 
"snow tomorrow? are you effing serious? we can not afford a snow day at this crucial point in the syllabus! i want my rhet crit drafts! (please, my students are so bloody brilliant!)"
scratch that last post  i want a snow day 
"what's worse, hauling one's cookies to class in the icky snow, or having classes canceled after already having made the commute? (saw one spin-out on the way up )"
waiting until 3pm to cancel classes is just cruel  seriously 
"too   much   grading  more time, please "
"dear coronavirus: if you're going to stick around, you might as well start grading, you bastard "
"just get through the week  teach, grade, write, hack, sniffle, repeat  spring break is coming "
"coverage of the recent shoot 'em up at the pentagon makes it sound like the dsm-iv should be amended to include \reefer madness\"" and \""bipolar disorder type iv: political \"""""
"they called me epic, but i'm just diseased  (i collected their papers and sent them away )"
"spring break, meet bronchitis, sinusitis, and ear infection  diseases, meet spring break  you'll be spending a few days together while i cuss my students for getting their germs on me  stupid germs!"
"diseases, prepare to meet your maker  it's chemical warfare time "
"prescription as written for nuva ring birth control: \use 1 per vagina as directed \"" makes one wonder about recorded misuses """
"students eased my post-break reentry shock  yet, the stacks of paper don't get smaller  how is that? paper mitosis? paper made of bunnies? essays that got a little tanked over spring break and ended up making new paragraphs?"
time for a eu-turn 
"chapter one is emerging, yearning to be adequate  how lucky i am to have you, my despot interlocutor  i see a future in mutual ass-kicking  (if you show me your chapter, i'll show you mine )"
??????? ?? ??????? ? ???????? ? ??????  ??????? ?? ???????? ???????????? ? ??????? ?? ???? ?????? ? ?????? ????? ?????? 
"the insomnia i could do without  other than that, i  love  <propfirst> for being <propfirst>, <propfemale> for being <propfemale>, and <propmale> for not barfing in the night (the last is a pre-emptive, optimistic love) "
"did anyone else hear obama say \the fierce urgency of now\"" to talk about afghanistan? quoting <propmale> in the service of war? seems the audacity of hope has been thrown over for the audacity of imperialism """
"cabin surrounded by blessedly non-pollenating juniper, hiking through unfortunately brambly juniper, chillaxing in porch swing and rocking chair, drinking wine, no e-mail access, just the two of us  excellent 2 days of 3-day weekend "
"goodbye, long weekend  hello, long week  at least my students for the most part have been rejuvenated enough to rock my world again "
"yes, that final paper has been at the end of the syllabus all along  so have the presentations  and the <propfemale> number requirements  it's all been there, my lambs  why do you look so surprised?"
"poor <propfirst>  apparently there *is* such a thing as blinding pain, where a migraine can send one to hospital before hopping on a plane to a conference  meanwhile, the \ut 10\"" meet again for an interesting foray into public memory  (maybe i can correct that damned dt quote )"""
"ut 10 panel best part: seeing former student activists who are still activists and emerging student activists who keep pushing further  worst part (other than feeling a bit bashful about the whole thing): um, i'm still a student activist  arrested development all the way around "
"she sleeps as if on a mission  i envy that  rest well, sweetie  i've stolen your parking pass so you can't go to work "
"don't think you're getting your car keys or your parking pass back tomorrow, either "
"idol tonight: the sexless <propmale> show, or how not to shake it, or what a waste of a perfectly good <propfirst> lambert consult "
"migraines are stupid  whose stupid idea were they, anyhow?"
thank the merciful heavens for presentation days  they're like a postponed seventh-inning stretch somewhere at the bottom of the eighth 
"it is around this time of the day that it occurs to me just how beastly i am in the morning  (sorry, d )"
"okay, writers: drop me some folk remedies for perfectionism-induced paralysis "
dear homunculus: ease up on the amygdala 
dear homunculus: you're fired 
"she's older than velveeta, fenway park, the (former) soviet union, and chevrolet  she's outlived her contemporaries <propfemale>, chernenko, and <propfemale> ball  yet, she still has a one-liner handy and a laugh that'll blow your little house down  raise a glass for my <propfemale> on her 99th birthday!"
wanted: alchemist  must have e playful erience turning lead into gold 
"the grading never stops  i'm beginning to re-think my assignments  at least i'm teaching hip-hop cultures again next semester, with the final exam rapping option  (how to incorporate that into all my classes?)"
<propfemale> battaglia is a rock <propfemale>  dr  rock <propfemale> to you 
"on the corkboard outside my office door yesterday, an anonymous gifter left me a dvd of \the obama deception\"" by <propfirst> jones  how thoughtful  i hope s he doesn't think the poster of <propfemale> on my wall indicates support for the president  (the \""deception\"" i have in mind probably isn't the one jones is talking about )"""
happy birthday to <propmale> mccann! he is without doubt among the best to walk the planet 
semester's end: a bucket of joy in a truckload of suck 
"happy international workers day, all!"
"i'd be a better daughter if i had posted this earlier, but happy birthday to my wonderful mother! i may have inherited your mother's nose and my father's mouth, but if i am at all good-hearted, that i got from you "
"oh, there's a lot to talk about today (see links below): arizona's new immigration law and protests against same, <propmale>'s gaza blockade, and the more mundane crime of never-ending grading "
"seniors' grades are posted  now to whack away at the rest of the pile  (oh, the humanity!)"
"no, you may not turn in a shorter paper and e playful ect the same grade as for a thorough one  (and yes, i can tell when you're bullcritting ) yes, you may turn in a longer paper, but not much longer  yes, you should cite sources  yes, not coming to class does (and did) lower your grade  yes, of course i understand the stress you're under  no, maintaining your stellar gpa is not in my job description, but yours   *sigh*"
i love it when my kvetching about grading is met with a batch of superior papers  makes the slog ever so much more worthwhile 
"oh, balls "
i  love  <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>  and the nfl 
"happy birthday to <propfirst> cloud, love of my life  no green icing melting (we'll always have the recipe)  no smoke in our eyes (they asked me how i knew)  you still close your eyes when i kiss your lips  darling, you send me (honest you do)  point is, birthday girl, you are my favorite person and i'm ever so glad you were born "
almost  there  almost  done  grading 
"grading is d-o-n-e! on to the writing - after all the grading, the diss seems less intimidating "
a full night's sleep? how deliciously novel  homunculus is happy not to be napping at the controls 
i so like it when i get what i want  it's a happy 
"time to drop some written wisdom  (yes, <propmale>, this includes proofs )"
<propfirst>'s home  it is good 
it writes 
"writing: it sucks not  (hey, mccann, this \word faith\"" thing comes in handy-like! i'm goin' all osteen on this sh*t!)"""
"it was at least two whole days of fabulous in just one teensy little yesterday package  huzzah, graduated friends, and long live the memory of <propmale> milk!"
on the road with <propmale> and <propfirst>  feels good to leave texas for a spell 
"in <propfemale> with fellow groomsfolk, getting slurrier by the minute "
survived the night  forging on into the hot daytime sun with a humbler head 
i heart <propfirst> <propfirst> 
morning numero dos  can do 
"back from <propfemale>, slightly worse for wear "
"a finished chapter, a little journal action - today has not sucked "
"not my best maneuver  so sorry, j "
"okay, let's see if this next day is an improvement "
shiny new syllabus 
just landed in <propmale>  is it cocktails yet?
"home again, just in time to leave for kansas city "
"it's a long way to kansas city, but a short trip to a manhattan "
fan culture is f***ing weird 
"love, puppies, and sourdough pancakes in wichita "
trying to bid the tumult cease and let me get some damn work done 
tomorrow! ca district court to decide on prop 8! rally at <propfirst> city hall at 5 smile 0pm!
"and prop 8 goes down! demo at <propfirst> city hall to celebrate the victory, 5 smile 0pm!!!"
"tallahassee is gross, but my sister's brilliant company is well worth the trip "
please tell <propfemale> not to head into the light just yet  we're not ready 
so proud of my graduate sister 
"another tallahassee flight delay  please, just get me home on time "
a quiet day following an extraordinary day that followed a brilliant day 
"<propfemale> has rebounded and is back to eating bugs in the yard  gross, but comforting "
"two chapters down, three to go "
another round of goodbyes as <propfirst> heads back off to college  yay to <propfirst> at college! boo to goodbyes   sad 
"first day of school, exhausting and energizing at the same time "
second class day: is it weird to be giddy?
"four classes per day = one tired <propfemale>  fortunately, the students are brilliant "
a good day made better by time with friends 
a good day made better by time with my lovely and a couple of e playful erimental sazeracs 
i love teaching about stonewall 
"who said it could be september already? and who put the freeze-whammy on my brain? most importantly, who wants to compose a quiz for my intro class?"
i cannot e playful lain my revulsion to quizzes  why must i hate the little labor-saving devices? what masochism draws me to the essay as an evaluation tool?
a crappy day made crappier by crap 
is it wrong for me to fb while my students are taking a quiz?
it's a beautiful day to hate morrissey 
it's a beautiful day to love <propfirst> cloud 
teaching  diss  job market  i can has cocktail?
"one half day canceled, one half no air conditioning  that's just mean "
dear homunculus: shut up and work 
"today: the end of old school hip-hop, the fate of the lgbtq movement, and tattoos "
dear hieronymus: don't make me come up there 
"poor d, with the poison <propfemale> "
"still so strange to me how different two back-to-back sections of the same class can be  not a bad thing, but a little puzzling "
"chapter, grading, job packets, class prep  rinse, repeat "
pondering the over-presentation of self in everyday life 
where did the day go?
"today: hip-hop commercialization, 1930s labor militancy, and freestyle interpretations of goffman  this day will make me tired "
whupped 
today got squeezed out by yesterday and tomorrow as i stuffed a range of past deeds and potential futures into a pile of job packet envelopes  the market: today's reason for cocktail hour 
whupped redux 
she confirms daily my love of humankind 
wishing i could have joined d  at hendrix this weekend  i miss <propfirst> 
"grading, grading, grading  and more grading "
"papers are graded, quizzes on the way, classes prepped, chapter three beckons  monday, you don't scare me "
stay away from ut campus  stay put and safe if you're there 
"campus settling down  no injuries besides the shooter, who was a student  tragic "
another day  who's to say what passes for ordinary?
all work and no play makes <propfemale> a dull grrl 
actually got some writing done today  who'da thunk it?
"mcluhan for kiddies was a job and a half  wait til they get a load of adorno  i believe in the kids, though  their noodles are pretty springy "
whupped redux redux 
returned from wedding weekend to a pile of grading and prep  a joyously happy brother and new sister and nephew make the price of time well worth paying  i'll try to keep the whining to a minimum 
thanks all for the birthday love 
ugh 
i smell fresh syllabi 
"day one of intro to comm studies (x2) and rhetorical traditions is done  the students are, for the most part, lovely  we'll see what wednesday has in store "
day two done  no fatalities 
i loves me some <propmale> gatchets 
off to warp young minds 
"not ready, but willing "
"rest in peace, sweet <propfemale> "
"intro students have a performance day, while rhetorical traditions tackles gorgias  (i hope they don't rip his toga )"
"they're taking a quiz  i'm on fb  no, i don't feel guilty "
caught talking in my sleep last night  apparently concerned about the mineral state of <propfemale>  some people snore - i chat about cremation  next show tba 
"from embodied communication to plato's phaedrus, a full day awaits  and still my mind turns to egypt and the prospect of a democratic middle east "
"we sprang a pooch from dog jail  welcome home, <propfirst>!"
"honored to have been invited by southwestern's bsa to speak for black history month  the theme: african american excellence in media  my examples of black media excellence: <propmale> <propmale>, the black panther newspaper, the dodge revolutionary union movement newsletter, and the drive website (featuring the words of <propfirst> <propmale>)  nobody said i had to talk about excellence in the mainstream media "
mubarak speech was pure excrement  there's furor in tahrir 
it's palace-storming time 
"while my <propfirst> sleeps, i'm getting cozy with aristotle  i'm jealous "
today it's enthymemes  any favorites?
"grading is not my favorite  next semester maybe i should do quizzes american idol style  one by one, they sing their knowledge of goffman, and one by one they get to move on to mcluhan   or not "
procrastinating on prep  i blame cicero 
"if they thought cicero was exciting, wait til they get a load of quintilian  this imperfect orator is in need of a nap "
"quintilian would show gaddafi his sandal  the libyan people are going to show him the boot  as disgusting as the execrable speechifying of delusional dictators is, i am particularly horrified by the us watching out more for the price of libyan oil than for the rights and safety of protesters "
"today: intros get a last quiet day before mcluhan and adorno, and in rhetorical traditions cicero passes the toga to quintilian  next week we get gospel hour, courtesy mcluhan and <propfirst>  spreading the word and the non-word "
grading  it's what's for dinner 
"saturday: 2,000 in <propfirst> to support wisconsin  sunday: more grading  today: let's see how the intros like mcluhan as rhet traditions moves from quintilian to <propfirst>  me, i'd rather be in <propfemale> "
"newt gingrich said to be e playful loring a presidential run  as a socialist in the us, i understand the need to stay and fight in the belly of the beast  but the thought of a gingrich presidency makes me want to flee the country "
"a shocking bit of brownshirtery in yorba <propfemale>, ca last month: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=gokd8ccdsxu&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
the world is aflame with democratic uprisings and i'm grading papers  fml
"missing the lovely <propfirst> <propmale> mccann's brilliant birthday bash because of a cold and a backlog of grading  oh, the suck of it all!"
trying to remember why i thought it was a good idea to have my intros read adorno 
"adorno: epic fail in one section, great conversation in the other  i'm noticing that folks don't like having their agency questioned  poor dears "
"<propfirst>, i love you  now please take your cold back  it's mean "
"more adorno today, then a spring break filled with grading "
"feel like hell  canceled tomorrow's classes  they get an extra bit of break, i get the <propmale> to recuperate "
"today: show and tell media criticism, and burke squares off with weaver "
"just got a little excited about teaching the persona series (null through fourth) in a couple of weeks  first, the rhetorical situation calls  (or we call it, then it calls  whatever )"
"dear wednesday: we seem to have gotten off on the wrong hoof  what say we make nice for what remains of you, since you're so very long?"
"fine, wednesday  you win, you merciless tangle of energy-sucking hours  thursday will show you up for the bastard of a day you are  or were  that's right, wednesday  you're goin out  like a punk "
too  much  to  do  paralyzed 
"tomorrow: it's a campbell-bornstein-campbell-biesecker-campbell kind of day, chronologically speaking "
"while i was tripping all over myself in front of the amazing <propfemale> bornstein (i has a crush!), my sweet wife, having tripped over herself, lost the use of one wing  i'd feel guilty if a) it were anyone other than <propfemale> bornstein i was being stupid over, and b) i hadn't sweat blood today e playful laining without snark post-structuralism and rhetoric to my very patient students  i earned my stupid today  and used it "
"uconn basketball: almost enough to stir some alumna spirit  'cept most of my memories of storrs involve coming out, booze, and wheatpaste "
"tomorrow: love, rhetoric, and pederasty in the morning, second persona in the afternoon "
"just got text from su police  two men in a car, pointing a gun at students  already arrested  i dearly hope no one was hurt "
"a timely piece by deepa kumar, and a marxist take on political islam: http annoyed  isreview org issues 76 feat-islam1 shtml"
"halfway up the tree, <propfirst> remembered that he is in fact a dog  i didn't see him go up, but noticed a wagging tail from behind the trunk about five feet up "
snehal shingavi just rocked my world 
grading: it's what's for dinner 
"reading through student responses to the campbell-biesecker row  must do better at keeping them from dismissing either out of hand  i'm no postie, but \hard to read\"" is not the same as \""without merit \"" nor is clarity the same as simplicity  nor did i succeed in moving them past the how of the debate to the what and why  is there a support group for rhetoricians who care too much?"""
"nature week chez nous: megatons of oak pollen trucked in on dog fur  dead squirrel in back bedroom  (gift from cat? gift from dog?) seriously, our creatures are bringing the outdoors in "
"today: finish with flirty phaedrus, greet personae 2 and 3  or, wandering in a black toga, rapping about man-boy love, the cancer of communism, and face control at club rhetoric "
"sorry, friends, for the fb hack  i did not tag you in any photo  i did, it seems, click a sneaky link "
"what's fun to do in durham, nc?"
"yes, <propmale> <propmale>, it does feel like monday  today: how to commit a rhetorical act; and the brilliant dr  cloud makes a guest appearance to discuss the null persona  hey, <propmale>, wanna come down monday to talk about the fourth persona?"
"my students are amazing  my wife is amazing  ideal rhetorical theory seminar today, and i'm still giddy and geeked out "
insomnia  do not like  going with red wine and melatonin as alternative to seeking zoo employee with elephant tranq to spare 
"diurnal rhythm disruption: that means trouble, right here in river city, with a capital t, that rhymes with g, that stands for \g*dineedsleeptonight \"""""
"sleep arrived at 4 am, departed at 5, returned at 8, screwed the day  nice job "
it's catch-up time 
