2f19efe094839a0af9a7636d906705ac
anybody got publishing contacts?
i miss my nat   tired of trying to forget 
comic relief - telling people about any of the seven times you got struck by lightning 
supposed to use a profile pic of a celeb you've been likened to this week   i prefer hetfield to dog 
i'm not a morning person   but that's when i get my best thinking done 
"ok, we're rockin' now "
just got a call from <propfemale> that i so needed!
serious block going on   i need to mow the lawn and kiss <propfemale> 
<propmale> has arrived!
i just saw a proof for why 1+1=2   i feel nauseus 
i miss my <propfemale> 
watching a movie - everlasting moments
"aha!!!  i was right about the proof in principia mathematica and i'm not even a mathematician!  a quote from two math professors discussing it - \the view of mathematics set forth in principia mathematica is irrelevant to the working mathematician \""  the philosophy of integrity wins again """
"einstein e playful lained that he believed scientific work best proceeds from an examination of physical reality and a search for underlying axioms, with consistent e playful lanations that apply in all instances and avoid contradicting each other  he also recommended theories with visualizable results "
what does it say about you when you don't care if your reasoning doesn't add up?
the facebook episode of south park was a blast   those guys have radar for stupid things we do 
if anyone has any copy of the first draft of sbj please delete or trash it   it's obsolete now and too late for commentary 
"the relationship at the origin of all culture, of every virtue, of every nobler aspect of existence is that between mother and child; it operates in a world of violence as the principle of love, of union, of peace   the woman learns   to extend her loving care beyond the limits of ego to another creature   the idea of motherhood produces a sense of universal fraternity among all men     -jj bachofen-das mutterecht"
cheeseburger doritos are amazing!
absolutely gorgeous june day here in phoenix 
"too cool, even if nobody gets it - the structure of reality shows us why ethics has been so slippery: it is a subcategory of ontology, and until what is is understood, what is good would not be known   ha  gonna take a long time to get this smile off "
"it is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be socrates\dissatisfied than a fool satisfied  and if the fool, or the pig, are of\a different opinion, it is because they only know their own side of the\question  - j s  mill"
"lay down for an afternoon nap, wake up the next day    "
"why do women find narcissism in men to be attractive, only to whine about them after they get them? (all women, not any one in particular )"
just placed the earth tilting crown  incredible to see it in print 
hanks  big  what a great movie 
life's too short to spend one more moment being angry or in a hurry   sorry i've been so slow learning that 
seen more accidents in the last two weeks than the rest of the year put together 
i'm a professional dancer   my partner has 18 feet and crushes things with the slightest misstep 
big news - new county attorney <propmale> romley reviewed <propfemale>'s case for an hour and dismissed the murder charge completely   a 3 part new times story is supposed to start this week 
"setting az legal history - first capital case to be granted bail, and as of yesterday, first capital case to be dismissed with prejudice (against the prosecution)   so ready for this ride to end "
today is friday   it's a workday isn't it?  why is everyone on here? (exceptions for the unemployed)
"nothing like standing barefoot on hot, wet concrete while the cool rain soaks you   except havasupai "
\i think older men really are where it's at,"\"" the hot young thing confided to him \"2f19efe094839a0af9a7636d906705ac,"we live wanting to believe that we would gives our lives for the truth if the occasion required it, but hoping that we never are in such a situation  what we should be doing is everything we can to find that situation "
"hope is a motivator, a carrot, a crutch   you don't need it to do what comes naturally, you need it for what seems impossible "
"ahhh, the beautiful clarity of mind and purpose that causes one to leap up in the morning    "
horror is the e playful erience of that which has no reason   having utter randomness come into your life is traumatic and the source of all fear 
"if the military has learned how to counter man's nature against killing - from 15% in wwii to 90% in viet <propfemale>, shouldn't we be able to help his nature to empathize by some small percent?  10% increase in turning the other cheek could shut the reactor down   can we do that just once today?"
"what then is the highest good?  the one that we subordinate all others to?  one that will not cause pathetically weakening internal conflict, but will allow us to stand iron strong?  \identification with others   the intent to understand another person, even if they appear to be a monster   it's hard to admit that our monsters are not all evil, maybe just weak   but it sure feels good to unload all that hatred "
the fact is that a man who wants to act virtuously in every way necessarily comes to grief among so many who are not virtuous  - niccolo machiavelli
i do so love being a non-conformist   even among non-conformists 
"seven pounds   new favorite movie   well, top 5 anyway "
it’s a sad paradigm in which one measures his accomplishments by his education rather than by his contributions   no one cares what you know until they know that you care 
humility does not mean thinking you are stupid!
"pro-evolution, anti-eugenics   bit of a contradiction?"
<propmale> hail storm twice in one day! hmm time to check the email   
"love is metaphysical gravity  \r  buckminster fuller"
"even the silliest woman can control an intelligent man, but not even the sharpest of women can keep a fool "
"it is extremely unfortunate how many, if given the choice between air and the truth, will pick air   worse yet is how many will settle for <propfemale> "
i am a badass   i went for an interview with the irs today 
"argue for your limitations and sure enough, they're yours  - bach\whether you think you can or that you can't, you're right  - ford"
"on the good side, i was told twice this weekend that the introduction was the best they'd ever read in any book "
"research question, maybe tough if you've always lived in a full house -  you live alone   how do you feel when people don't respond to you?  don't return phone calls or texts, no comments   is this insignificant?"
"research\ question continued, no insinuations intended -  you \live alone   how do you feel when people don't respond to you?  don't \return phone calls or texts, no comments   is this insignificant?"
feeling seriously anti-commerce this season   happy to say that no store got anything from me today 
life's a lot better once you've made up your mind 
wow! maxed out my memo recorder in one night   a little depression does wonders for my productivity!
"discipline is not in learning to restrain yourself from what you like, it’s in learning to like things that do not need restraint "
another perfect day in arizona 
"whether you think you can, or whether you think you can't, you're right!"
wow   sudden death syndrome   tell me your thoughts can't kill you 
"\now you can e playful erience real flight with proflightsimulator!\""  does anyone else have a problem with this sentence?"""
