63c444475e7c3ebb4a93d1eef21ff0b9
i refuse to make my status message be about <propfirst> <propmale>
at the beach!!!
sunburn  sad 
"11 beers, 2 swigs of bailys, 1 swig of whiskey, 2 <propfemale> car bombs    ugh"
goin bowling!
"just climbed a mountain (well, a small one, but it was still an adventure! woo!)"
found a car in a dumpster
interview at 8 smile 0am     i don't like waking up early  sad 
"interview's all done, now to put off writing the report for a bit"
i finished my report    15 f**king pages and did it a week early    hell yes!
almost outa this crappy apartment!
"class then moving, might not have internet till tomorrow"
"after 13 hours straight, im moved into my new house!!!!"
now fully understands the awesomeness of ceiling fans
waiting for a bus that doesnt come in the summer is a bad way to get to a test
no mas clases de verano!
white russian + cigar + sun + deck + end of classes = amazing
gi <propfirst> is exactly what you think it will be  time for sleep
"not to give anything away, but the ending of gi <propfirst> is physically impossible    by lots"
placed 1st in both my poker tournaments today!
dad and brother visiting for a bit
fwoosh!
one last semester   
bioshock is super creepy
"today was a bad day for tournaments, and a good day for cash games "
the poker gods favored me today
this semester is gonna be long   
"finished 37th in a 4,535 person poker tournament    but only top 30 got prizes  sad "
"got myself a copy of windows 7  i must say, its pretty good "
"no class till 5pm tues, ima celebrate by getting a sweet new phone!"
"new phone, number is (82 smile  406 4426 - also, unlimited texting! finally!"
good try app    came pretty close in the end there
i think the idea i came up with for my entrepreneurship class could actually work   
the new ticketing system is retarded  why do i need a shipping address to print my ticket myself?
"what a birthday  20ish hours of drinking, tailgating then a football game, no hangover  thanks to everyone that helped me celebrate!"
$375 and 24 hours of community service  siiiigh 
"8 hours down, 16 to go"
witricity looks amazing
"busy busy week, but our group's project is lookin awesome"
community service in the morning    ugh   
that was way more work than i was under the impression it would be
100% <propmale> of rain starting at tailgating time and ending around end of game    hmmm   
"99   6,000     not so bad"
"both classes cancelled today, one due to possible swine flu "
"community service is wearing me out  'only' 5 hours 45 minutes left  that's right, they round my time down to the nearest 15 mins "
i dont wanna be sick  sad 
2 months to go   
looks like i don't have class today
the pantser is back!
"now that everyone has finally gotten used to office 2007, the office 2010 open beta starts next month   "
boonedock saints 2 comes out this friday
i just had 4 tacos and 4 beers on my professor's tab  yes 
"got invited to a $10,000 poker tourny tomorrow, but it's during the game  sad  if we lose im gonna be really mad"
aaaaand boom goes the dynamite
"first presentation of the day is done, one more to go "
hungry hungry hippos are basically reverse pez dispensers
just placed 1st out of over 3k people in a 6 hour long poker tournament! now for sleeeeeep
anybody wanna give me a ride to <propmale> tomorrow so i dont have to fix my car?
in <propmale> for thanksgiving!
about to start my last full week of class   ever
"a presentation, 2 exams and an informal job interview immediately after  its gonna be a busy day "
anybody wanna do my is project for me? ugh  4 days left   
55 mph wind gusts can cause wind chills of 6 degrees    hello winter 
"11 hours of programing in the last 2 days, and in about 16 hours ill be done with college  totally worth it "
"no cell reception, fallen trees blocking the driveway and one took out part of the porch railing    ice storms suck"
the movie primer is goddamn confusing
wind chills overnight and saturday morning will range from 5 to 15 degrees below zero 
the first day of my new p90x workout routine just kicked my ass really hard
time for saturday shenanigans! hooray!
"more snow, just when my driveway was getting usable   "
assigned my first project for my new job! woo! time to jump into the world of linux
"got a job interview with ecrs on friday, wish me luck!"
blizzard!
just walked to and from the grocery store in a blizzard  adventure!
"the ancient norse believed armageddon would be preceded by 3 great winters  this is 1, 2 to go, and surprise, the third would be in 2012  hehe"
"i feel the interview went well, but since i was the first interviewed it's gonna be \a few weeks\"" until i know anything  sad """
"in the 10 day forecast, 2 days don't mention snow  enough already, we get it "
flogging <propfemale> tomorrow!!! woo!
and yet another blizzard   
just won $75 in an online poker tournament!
heading out to see p o s ! should be a fun show
i can ride my bike with no handlebars
$50 online poker win  smile 
beannachtaí na féile pádraig oraibh! an bhfuil tú ar meisce fós?
"oh good, its snowing"
"got my $50 check and ultimatebet hat in the mail today, hooray poker winnings  smile "
fixed my router  smile  yay internets!
keeps having dreams with <propmale> from the office    weird
"got a beer brewing <propfemale>, this should be fun"
"latest south park = amazing, cant wait for part 2"
meeting tomorrow to discuss it job at ecr software  smile 
got a job in it at ecrs  smile 
"it is far too early to be awake, let alone active, friendly and thinking  this will take some getting used to, and a lot of coffee "
"first week of the new job is done, weekends are meaningful again!"
is going skydiving june 5th  smile 
just suffered a very bad beat in a poker tournament  doing the math i found my odds of winning that hand were 95 5%    ugh  sad 
"crazy work day, helloooo weekend!"
"grill+fire+beer, come on over!"
"got internet on the phone now, trying out this mystream thing   "
"anyone with an env touch with internet access, update your firmware, the new browser is awesome"
"will be donating my 97 buick park avenue to <propfemale> unless someone wants to buy it  needs minor repairs to get it running, possibly <propmale> repairs to get it to pass emissions inspection  passed safety inspection no problem (when it ran)  needs 2 new (or repaired) tires  the gopher living under the hood is included "
"back from camping on the beach, congrats to <propfirst> s graves and <propfemale> tillett, it was a great wedding weekend!"
about to go skydiving!
"busy week, but the php project i made went live this morning  now time for sleep cause im old "
"<propfemale> people just picked up the old car, hope i get my new one soon"
"looking for someone to skydive with, any takers?"
just got my car! hooray!
saw toy story 3 (awesome) and got an a c unit for my bedroom (also awesome) 
the 'real world' spends a lot of time at work  8 7 hours today  i might get overtime next week though!
im on a boat! (for the next week) woo!
inception = amazing
has a hammock!  smile 
likes his status 
"appstate football game on tv, sports south, channel 33"
"amazing comeback, 28 points in 11 plays (3 mins of game time)  way to start the season apps!"
playin with my new droid 2!  smile 
"in west <propfemale>, rafting down some class 5 rapids tomorrow morning! woo"
"thanks for all the birthday happiness, had a great weekend!"
anyone in boone: the game will be on channel 18 at 330
"and yet again, no internet for the last 24 hours, charter is the worst isp ever"
internet issues fixed    finally   
headin out to go skydiving!
"is now working towards my class a solo skydiving license, so if anyone ever wants to go skydiving i'll be going about once a month, just let me know, would love some company!"
"skydiving monday the 11th around 3 surprise 0, anybody wanna come?"
"early voting today, get to it"
how alive? too alive
who wants to see pos with me nov 21st?
"headin out to skydiving ground school, then my first non-tandem jump in the am!"
appstate has now won the most in-conference games in a row in the history of all college football (any division)
"half my living room outlets stopped working, so i got to use my super electrical powers to fix it! shazam!"
got a free wolfies shirt for being a regular customer today  awesome 
"huge appstate game tomorrow: soco championship! watchin the game at my place, who wants to come?"
"off to skydive, then its football time! i love saturdays"
"got 2 jumps in today, 2 more until my solo jump!"
too <propfemale> to skydive today  sad 
weeked! friends from out of town and either my first solo skydive or the appstate playoff game (depending on weather)  woo!
"so much snow, time to do some php work from home  smile "
"finally get to skydive again tomorrow, my last 2 aff jumps folowed by my first 100% solo jump! woo!"
aaaappppppp
"its almost noon and the wind chill is negative 7, hooray for working from home"
just went sledding! woo! puppy loves the snow too
just switched from geico to travelers and saved $166 yr with additional coverage! woo!
and the snow starts    its not really forecasted to stop either   
gettin ready for some bad weather this week   
"super snowed in, working from home  smile "
"\stumbleupon has temporarily run out of sites relevant to you  please sign up for more topics \"" - i ran out of internet   """
"just filed my taxes and gettin a pretty nice return, hooray!"
just graduated from aff with his most perfect skydive yet! woo! first solo jump tomorrow afternoon! time to celebrate!!!  laugh 
"is going to las vegas for a week at the end of may, huzzah!"
"typing \recursion\"" and \""anagram\"" into google yields some fun \""did you mean\"" text  smile """
"i've found that when learning french, i tend to translate it into spanish in my head instead of english to understand it    weird "
"rest in peace <propfemale> dudek <propmale>  you will be missed, cousin "
"good day of skydiving, got my first two coached jumps done, 5 more coach and 8 solo jumps to go for my license"
just realized i'm older than microsoft windows   
"work time off approved, reservations made, plane tickets in hand, we're officially going to vegas  smile "
"talk at work about a possible full time position continuing to do it, and also getting our software to run on new hardware  could be interesting   "
why is it snowing?
