56b3a34a7a67f102f57a167571cbad98
"i just got my certificate to start teaching yoga, yippee!!!!"
"is heartbroken over <propfirst> <propmale>, may you rest in peace angel!"
we're going to disneyland   
life is good!  smile 
"hey everybody, we're putting together a pool league  it's strictly for fun, (all levels apply!!!) and we'd love to have anybody who may be interested, let me know!!! just send me a note and we'll be in touch    we'd really love to have you there!"
i got to see one of my best friends from my youth yesterday and it was awesome!
"dehavenif you believe your daughter is amongst god's greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug! i ? my daughter!!"
"amy: to take, hold, or steal your heart  a soulmate  a good lover  name given to the most beautiful girl in the world  someone who loves to live and lives to love  independent  loving and caring, loyal to everyone she cares about  very real  notorious for astonishing good looks and captivating, irresistible charm  unfounded sexiness paired with fiery, passionate personality   "
??¸ •*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸
"not sure if i posted anything, however    my father died on february 19, at approx  5 smile 0pm   i will miss you dad, i love you so much and i believe you are home and not suffering anymore! thanks for all of your many blessings and gifts you brought to this world father! the angels and god have you now, wrapped up tight in their love! i miss you daddy!  sad "
boy i can really pick 'em   
"i made a boo boo and posted the wrong thing, all is well!"
"i miss you daddy, i love you soooo much  you are very missed and are a guiding light now! you are our angel and protecter    i miss you father!"
"father in heaven, i miss you and love you!"
"so thanks to my father having recently gone back to heaven, he has guided me to go back to school  my field of study will be a doctorate in health sciences, starting as a na at children's hospital! i am so excited, i finally know what i want to be when i grow up! thanks father!!! i miss you soooooooooooooo much, and i know god's got you! i love you daddy!!!! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo"
"whatever the question, love is the answer!  smile "
"yeah, i just got signed up for my classes at red rocks today!!!!!! i am taking cna and holistic health    eventually going for my doctorine in health sciences! god what have you gotten me into, lol!"
"for years i have wanted to play league pool and finally put together a team, this is our first session and    we made it to city playoffs! whoop whoop    yowza, yahoo and yeah for us!!! tys"
god help me with the strength i need to get by   
with god all things are possible   
"tough girls come from new york, sweetgirls they're from alabama & <propfemale>, but us colorado girls, we have fire and ice in our blood   we can ride 4 wheelers and horses, be a lady, throw left hooks, go drinking and muddin with the boys, all the while making iced tea, darlin'  and if we have an opinion, you know you're g   onna hear it!!! (repost if you're a true co girl)"
love is the answer   
"i have to let everybody know, remember my pool team i mentioned awhile back  well we just played the cities finals for las vegas and won  we are going to vegas baby!!!!!! i couldn't be more proud of our team!! yahoooooooo!!!!! tys!"
thank you all for your words of encouragement  this is a 20 year bucket list item i can now cross off my list!!! very exciting    tys!
"hey everybody we are doing a fundraising pool tournament on august 1 at 11 smile 0am, $15 entry fee and $100 cash prize to winner at greenfields in <propmale>  (3355 s yarrow, lakewood, 80227) there will be a silent auction and dunk tank too  we will need silent auction items, so if anybody can donate items or services, please please let me know  thanks a bunch for your support!!!!!! this of course is to help us in vegas   "
"i saw <propfirst> benetar in concert last night, omg, fantastic!!!!!!! love her   "
"reminder: august 1, @ 11 surprise 0am, we are having a fundraising pool tournament silent auction dunk tank, we have some fantastic auction items  it's going to be a blast, please come down and show your support!!! i want to see you there!!!!"
"reminder: august 1, @ 11 surprise 0am, we are having a fundraising pool tournament silent auction dunk tank, we have some fantastic auction items  it's going to be a blast, please come down and show your support!!! i want to see you there!!!! greenfields, 3355 s yarrow st , lakewood, 80227!"
"reminder: august 1, @ 11 surprise 0am, we are having a fundraising pool tournament silent auction dunk tank, we have some fantastic auction items  it's going to be a blast, please come down and show your support!!! i want to see you there!!!! greenfields, 3355 s yarrow st , lakewood, 80227! p s omg i am pregnant!!!"
thanks everybody for their birthday wishes!!!
"thanks again to everybody for the birthday wishes, p s  just found out i am pregnant! yahoo!!!!!!"
i am a spiritual being having a human e playful erience! god bless   
"\rewire your brain\"" a 3-week workshop created and facilitated by <propmale> ludwig\",56b3a34a7a67f102f57a167571cbad98,inhale: god is  exhale: i am
"inhale: god is,  exhale: i am"
"well, it's finally here, my first day of school is tomorrow monday, august 30    yahoo!!!! i am so ready!"
~namaste~
god's got you! ~namaste~
"so we pray    and in the stillness, we know, god's got us!!! ~namaste~"
how did you and i meet? really i want to know   
"in the stillness i surrender to god's plan, and i know all is good (god)!!!"
and the lord shall guide thee continually   
"god saw you getting tired & a cure was not too be  so he put his arms around you & whispered come to me  with tearful eyes i watched you, & saw you pass away  although i loved you dearly, i couldn't make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest     god broke my heart to prove to me he only takes the best  miss you daddy!!!"
"i am a handful at times!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i am strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, at times i tell it like it is---i have made stupid mistakes in life, i am sometimes out of control  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best  if you're    a handful, repost!! i dare you!!"
   according to your faith be it unto you  <propfirst> 9:20
"love is patient, kind  it does not envy, boast and is not proud  it is not rude, self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not delight in evil, and rejoices in truth  it always protects, trusts, hopes, always perserveres "
"~the world is saturated with divinity, immersered in reality, and filled with possibility!~ som"
"well, we'll try again, after the mis-carriage in august we are pregnant again, yahoooooooo!!!!!!! prayers and blessings   "
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  re-post if you agree      happy 2011!!!!!"
yahoo! just got heart tones and am about to enter my second trimester    yeah!!!!
banana
i am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation i may find myself  for i have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition  - <propfemale> washington
"take a look at how you judge yourself - what you pick on and what you say to yourself  then take a look at how you interpret other people's remarks and looks towards you - what you think they're saying or imagine them thinking  if you're projecting, they'll be similar and they'll sting harder  if you are projecting then you're not seeing them clearly  your are seeing your own stuff  ?? unknown"
