f74359a27632a3a92543192bf022ad07
"it is what it is,    you cant change it,    so live with it, accept it!"
"forget about past mistakes, forget about failures, forget about everything,    except what you're going to do now!!"
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy!!!!!!!!!!"
"once in a while you get shown the light, in the strangest of places if you look at it right!"
happy thanksgiving!
there's nothing like family!!
listen it's a good song!
"first the money, then the smile, everything is for a while"
"where does it all begin now, where is it going to end "
nothings ever built to last!
"in a little district, in a neighborhood, people movin swift like they think they should"
"you may hold some vision of truth, if truth can be found in a lie  maybe some grain of inspiration for a song that's deep inside"
drinkin <propmale> light & eatin chicharrones
"oh yeah, and gotta have sublime in the background!!!!"
"should i turn myself in on monday  ????    im considerin it, get it the fuck over whats a month or two anyway right!"
"where does it all begin now, where is it goin to end?!?!?!?!?!?!?!! thats the fuckin question!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"can i sail through the ocean's changin tide, can i handle the seasons of my life???????                                                                                                                 landslide"
"she's always the head corner stone, the one that the builder refused to always be the head corner stone"
"this train, is bound for <propfemale>  this train won't <propfemale> noone holy  this train is bound for <propfemale>, this train "
"since when can you be told to come back tomorrow, when you're trying to turn yourself in?"
"well, peace out for a lil while everybody! it's off to the county in the morning! when i get out nothing hangin over my head! atleast not in cali that i know of!! lol"
"ffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk  yyyyyeeeeessssssss  no jail for me, not this time!!!!!!!! today's a good day!!"
sometimes shit just don't turn out the way u thought it would   or should  you can bring a horse to the water but you can't make him drink 
pretty pathetic i almost regret not going to jail
"you don't have to know what you're looking for, just make sure you start looking!"
the hangover is the shit!
"props to my big bro, i know you aint got a facebook but somehow if you see this i just want to say that i've got mad respect for you and who you are!! i love you man!!"
live and let die  but still love life  whats good
an idle mind is the devils playground!
black? whats this all about?
"holy shit, got scrappin this weekend and it boosted my confo  a lil bit cuz it's been a while and i got down just like i remember!! i don't know why but that just feels like true fuckin fun <propfemale> me!! good times, told ya i got yur back homie!!!"
"i was playin zynga poker, and i was killin it  and i had most my money in my pocket but i had a flush on the table with 2 grand in, and 8 grand more ready to play with, talkin a lil shit, but all of the sudden my computer froze and when it came back all the money i had at the table was gone?!sumone get mad at me winnin and talkin shit and somehow hack into my cash?! lol that shits crazy  im bamboozled"
holy shit!! i think i finally have a job!!
"love, from the way i've come to see it, is both an une playful lainable feeling and combination of feelings  it can give you a feeling or sense of passion, <propfemale>, hope, motivation, self-worth, compassion, humility, honesty, confidence, ambition, pride, and respect  love,  i believe is both the reason i'm alive today, and the reason to keep living tomorrow "
"you have to have faith in something, something bigger and more powerful than yourself  whatever it be in, that faith will give you meaning, that meaning will give you new perspective, and with the right perspective comes clarity  only with clarity can you see your true path "
r i p-bill gardner
r i p-bill gardner  you'll be forever remembered!
"cuz everything is such a bore!! tonight i had a dream, don't make me sick  saw you in your bedroom suckin someone else's <propmale>  my goodness  lol that songs the shit!"
"before i could love myself, i had to be comfortable with myself "
"starting today, i will worry about nothing that i can't change "
bout <propfemale> do sum mofuckin trailridin beeeeeitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"awwwwwwwwww fuuuuuuck i juss fucked <propfemale> shit up!!!  i went down one time and ate shit!!!!    wow tahts embarassing, and alil painful       sad        but gotta go back 2morrow im not gettin my ass kicked by a hill!!!!!!!!!! haha"
"it is what it is, that's a fact, but you can change what it is  only you have the power to do that  i am a heroin addict and i will always be one, but i have not used in seven monthsand in that seven months i've started to find myself  i have hope again, i have dreams again, i have a real future again  anything is possibleand i'm a true believer of that  love yourself & love life  good things will happen "
"wut the fucks up people??? just chiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiill, lifes koo"
haha fuckin killin it bitches
"if she's someone you enjoy, you can trust, and that you feel  then she's someone worth pursuing, what she gives you could be real                  and the beauty does'nt hurt "
fuckin nitro circus at the elsinore track
bout time <propfemale> go try out work with a broken back and shoulder!!! lol wish me luck
im in love with red vines
i had this smell today that reminded me of palm springs when i was a kid  its crazy how certain scents can bring back such a vivid memory
"fuckin-a i hate broken bones, lol they make me feel boarderline useless"
"i need another job, why can't i find another job"
"the biggest changes come with time, but making smaller changes too, help that "
"straight up, i gotta find another job and get the fuck outta here  hostal, depression central!!"
"im not a fighter but bitch, i take care a my own "
fuck it
it's great when i got a girl    no girl? it's all good i got ganja green
"your heart's on the loose, you roll them sevens with nothing to lose  this aint no place for the weary kind  you called all your shots, shootin 8-ball at the corner truck stop  somehow this do'nt feel like home anymore "
"i wanna hit the ortegas today, but it's just a matter of gettin off my lazy ass and doin it"
2 days 'til i have 8 months from bein an active junkie
hells yeah 8 months
finally back to work this mornin!
bricen conklin
"since i've been gone from work, i guess someone in the place found out what good music sounds like     so im <propfemale>kin a shower and headin on back! happy easter <propfemale> all!!"
haha fuck it  bitches
"believe in where you're going, but remember where you're from !"
"believe in where you're going, but remember where you're from !"
gettin off my lazy ass and makin sum eggs and potatoes
"lookin like a very warm, nice day! think i'm gonna try that ortega trail that kicked my ass last time, lol"
boredom is a biiiiitch
"alright, no more boredom! i'm fuckin done with boredom, it makes my mind go wild  brother in law says he has sum paintin jobs for me, well i'm hittin his ass up manyana! go finish paintin his bathroom and what ever else he needs painted and see whats up on that shit!"
"a lil bit a paintin today, followed by my favorite food in the entire world!!! hot & cold chicken tonight! stoked"
"got sum paintin done, gonna finish the house next week  fuckin i actually really enjoy goin to my sis's and doin sum paintin for her! she's the fam  so she knows i'll always help her out, any way i can!! plus i got a bonus, get <propfemale> kick it with the bro-in-law and just <propfemale>lk about real shit! get <propfemale> see <propfemale>ht he is a down ass mother fucker too! he knows whats up! when i live, i love it     i fuckin have fun with it!"
"gonna hit the neice up taday, chill by the pool and hopefully get sum kinda color on my pale ass lol"
"life continues <propfemale> just shake me up! there are things that are out of my control, but they're things that hit me on such a deep personal level that i can't just go on with my life! i feel an insane <propfemale> to everyting i can, til its no longer physically possible  maybe a self-destrucictive trait, but a trait of mine none the less"
chillin
what the fuck <propfemale> do today
bricen conklin
"take the good with the bad, you got<propfemale> play witchur devil  <propfirst>'s love helps <propfemale> ease all the pain i've felt, whoa-oh -k m k"
i wanna be forever young
420
paintin day
"take what you know, combined it with what you want  that is your goal  lmao, fuck the world  you do you!"
i wanna be completely free
damn i miss you <propfemale>
livin <propfemale> love life
quaker chewy peanut butter & chocolate chip granola bar=the shit
bomb ass omelette in my near future  smile 
i don't mind bein at work when there's shit <propfemale> do  but when i just sit around cuz there is absolutely nothing to do  that definately shitty shit
"i think i gonna try eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, jalapenos, onions, and ham dumped in a bowl of chili  see if that excites the tastebuds ha"
hmmmmmm       what to do now      
"around three hours ago, i said fuck chillin  this time i'm goin hikin, and good things happened!"
"it is really frickin hot today, like everywhere i go"
it's like i forgot how shitty bein sick is!
"s<propfemale>rtin <propfemale> feel a lil better, hope it lasts"
"if you got somethin to say, then say it  hope it makes you feel better"
pot roast!!!!!!! wut    wut     yeeeaah
"this aint no funky reggae party, $5 at the door!!!!!! sublime will never ever get old!"
can't wait til morning!! hikin it up
"walkin to the hills, gonna take a lil hike"
"made it to the highway, i'm happy with that"
"i'm goin hikin atleast 2 times a week  i don't know why but i have anxiety problems  but when i'm climbin that hill, i'm not worried about shit except not fallin!!ha love it"
i love <propfirst> in the box tacos
daaaanm!! my shoulders are burned
"people around you come and go, but you're stuck with yourself forever  so learn to enjoy it "
you're not the boss a me now you're not the boss a me now you're not the boss a me now and you're not so biiiiiiiiiiiiig
"coffee, cigarette, c m t , lol, morning ritual"
"wow, why can't i wake up    slow morning"
i'm craving omelette! 
now i'm craving nachos
's lovin the weather
cinco de mayo
back to sign up for this labor program again    hopefully i complete all my days before breakin anymore bones!
eggs and potatoes - i fuckin lovem
what's next
"aint no stoppin the youngsters, gettin it done"
"how old are you, and how old do you feel?"
"i want to go to bed, but i don't at the same time"
long day officially startin in an hour
happy mothers day to all the mothers
"maybe not the most beautiful of gorgeous smiles, but a genuine one none the less "
license possible?
peanut m&ms = the shit
you make me smile
"i'm so bored, i wish 3 would just get here so i could go to work  work   now that's boredom"
"finally bout 3  lmao  aint done shit, but it's been a long half-day"
community service in the morning at the pet shelter  
"there are times when more effort can be destructive, sometimes you just gotta let things roll"
when the wounds fade into scars
is insanely tired
i wanna do something  but i'm in lazy mode
live and let live
"pain fades  endure the darkness, the light will be that much nicer "
ready for another day with the dogs
how many changes can you make before you start compromising who you are
"drop what you're doing, head to the coast, and forget about the world"
777
nothin like drunk karaoke
r i p  - aunt <propfemale>  forever loved and remembered
quit building from a broken base
"fucked up visions in my head, i'm a fucked up kid is what they said  -mest"
honesty and acceptance are two essential tools used in building bridges to contentment
"90 degrees at 9am, fuuuuuuck"
"in the water 'til the sun sets, where it's at"
another fuckin burn cleanin the grill damnit
"punkrock reggae tone, throw in a lil rap- you got one catchy poem"
no risk of burns no more  menace sports bar and grill- no longer
thinkin bout takin a hike  
"so wipe the dirt off, or take your shirt off  and we should go hit the cantina we got word of  - d h "
free e playful ression with true intentions
"todays mission, help a dog get adopted "
what would we do without music?!
"blue, brindle pit bull mastiff  badass breed mix!"
happy fathers day to all the dads actually bein dads!
"menace sports bar and grill - <propmale> sale, last day open  half off clothes  food, dirt cheap  dollar drafts, 5$ pitchers"
made enough <propfemale> just say wheew!!
sometimes it's just not worth competing
"needs a haircut, but i dont wanna just buzz it all off again    maybe a non-curly fro, ha fuck it"
"take a step back, soak it in "
"times change, minds rearrange  feels new but not unknown "
"one good thing about music; when it hits, you feel no pain  -<propmale> marley"
there's nothin nicer than seein happy loved-ones
"he's not talkin shit, he's helpin you grow"
<propfemale>!
my focus will not stray
"one a the best days in a long time, and i don't even know why  just a great day"
"got <propfemale> see the homie charleeto while he's got his freedom, and it's 4th of july!!"
"be as good, at the least, as you promised yourself you would be"
be a dreamer
"i love dreams    even when you haven't seen someone in, what seems like forever    in a dream, it could be like they were never gone"
momma's taco's      happiness!
"woke up and felt frickin weird  not good, not bad, just weird"
keep ya head up
no more sheriff's labor program!!!!!!! **** the police
cravin tacos!
-one love-
chicken and biscuits
just got done with a writin mish   now gotta see wut up
even a smell can bring me back to a great time
inception  this movie i have to see 
"last day of volunteering at the shelter for a month, the guy they hired instead of me is already taking a month vacation and i'll be coverin for him  hopefully they'll see i'm even worth more when your payin me to do something  haha"
life aint the best but it's definately goin in that direction  thank you to everyone who gave me encouragement and stuck by me in my needing time!
feels like a storm's about <propfemale> hit
lost alotta homies over the years due to ignorance and ego  tryin to right as many wrongs as i can 
top ramen never gets old
just heard a song with <propfemale> rappin country grammar to sweet home alabama and i gotta admit it was pretty chill  haha
is jealous of all u michiganders goin to venetian!
off chillin with the dogs
"gotta start gettin more in shape, i'm feelin old"
sometimes it's even hard to go forward with something you really want
"this is me, like it or not, this is me "
slooooopppyyy joooooooooes
i'm tired and don't wanna ride a bike to work  sad 
bricen conklin
kinda cool that my wants and needs don't fight so much anymore
"if you can't have more fun with that person sober rather than not, then it's not meant to be "
"ate shit hard yesterday on the bike, now my elbow and side are hurtin  sad "
"no matter what you're doin, when you feel that cool breeze come through; stop and just be still"
"had <propfemale> shave the head again, i'm just too lazy for hair"
"no work tomorrow, got<propfemale> find somethin <propfemale> get into"
"confusion leads <propfemale> questions, but some questions don't deserve answers"
-one heart-
time flies sometimes
-chillin-
i do better when i don't try
live it up! shit's been fun
1 year   smile 
change is the only constant in life
happy loner
i'm thinkin casino next weekend   it's callin my name
thinkin bout gettin a tat this weekend
first time in vegas and old enough to gamble    and it was badass!
above money and all possessions gained are the people and love you've found along the way 
"fuck past mistakes, fuck all failures  fuck everything except what you're going to do now!"
the office is my new favorite show
"charges dropped, i knew that fucker wouldn't show!"
i wish i knew where <propfemale> get a chicago dog around here   huge craving
"i hate it when no matter how long i lay there, i just can't fall asleep  just pisses me off"
"two chicken pot pies with a broiled hamburger bun, drenched in tapatio   alot better than you might think!"
bricen conklin
"has anyone else noticed that when you recieve chips on zynga poker, the chips are never added to your chip count?"
beer can chicken=bomb
love sayin fuck it
"livin it up, never given s fuck  give me the keys i'm drunk and i've never driven the truck- but i smoked dope in the cab, stab you with the sharpest knife i can grab- come back the next week and reopen your scabs- killer instinct runs in the blood  i calmed down now, i was heavy once into drugs "
lovin the rhyme but reason comes first
"saw family i havn't seen in a very long time, and even tried some seafood that turned out delicious   twas a good day"
just livin
shit gets crazy   and i love it!!
"dont give a fuck where ya from or anything ya say ya done - see ima rise like the sun, u gonna cry like the young - afta em im the next white boy at numba one"
im thinkin l a  this weekend   fuck it
anyone ever had a dream about someone you don't know and never even seen before?!
"uhhhhhhhh, nah i got nothin"
a <propfemale> heads up is a days good luck and damn i love frosted flakes
enjoying doin nothin!
i forgot how much i love trix!
back when too much was just never enough
yes on prop 19
spicy chicken nuggets
ckicken <propmale> carbon tacos are the shit!
life is an ongoing lesson with constant reevaluation
- 13 - 23 - 11 - 87 -
when will michigan let me get my fucking license?!? s<propfemale>rtin <propfemale> piss me off
sooo many awesome songs lost over time
thinkin bout gettin back into meetings
shitty day! think ima go bowlin
"everyone have a happy thanksgiving, i'll be scoopin dog poop    pretty shitty"
off to my first meeting in a long long time
couldnt ask for a nicer day
crazy fuckin people
<propfirst>'s arrived and movin friday
"work, my name is <propmale>, bomb-ass home made tacos with some brisk sweet tea   i can say it was a good day! haa"
krs1
inception was pretty damn good but i think im'a have to watch it a couple more times to really get it  still a lil lost
there is no ache like a tooth ache! first time i've ever looked forward to seein the dentist
playin it safe is boring and a waste
"<propmale> almighty - 1\<propfirst> almighty - 0"
new mission-find another job! asap
movin 2day!
"the youth and elder agree    god is bullshit, but have faith if it helps you live! love conquers all "
makin an appointment at the dmv is a fuckin joke  3 calls later and still nothin 15 minutes of my life i'll never get back
thanx for all the birthday wishes!
"another day, another dime"
shit tends <propfemale> happen the minute i give up
the head-corner stone
beer is good
fuck michigan!
"theres no answer to anything  the patterns you recognize are self-made  the only reasons are those you created  life's short, have fun and dont trip "
does anyone know if anywhere still sells chaco tacos
drive slow homie
stater bros chili and a bag a fritos with a bottle a tapatio sittin on the side     my tastebuds are jumpin 
let me forget about today until tomorrow  -<propmale> <propmale>
just keep truckin on 
the question to everyones answer is usually asked from within  - s m b
cuz i'm as free as a bird now and this bird you cannot change  l s 
"establish your goal  with all your time, pursue it  feel yourself acting  stop doubting, just do it  krs one"
"livin on, livin strong  a new life is in sight  the wrong way brought change that can make this shit right "
haha fuckin crazy fools
"(1 2) part of the <propfemale> rights that needs to get re fuckin thought out; \ anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law \""  can",",2011-04-07 04 surprise 2 smile 4"""f74359a27632a3a92543192bf022ad07,"(2 2) definatly  will, not necessarily "
