f7d2f14bf9fd342e03376bb9674f6e15
hi!  smile 
just keep swimming just  keep swimming - <propfemale>
tiesto - knock you out [turn the bass up     waaaaaay up!] check out his new album kaleidoscope!
- four four five -
"sitting, waiting, wishing "
just made myself some ramyun  taking large strides to becoming a self sufficient man  oh ya!
there is a dancing gopher in my back yard  dance chingoo dance!
"this great man once told me to give, then forget that i have given, then continue to give some more without ceasing and that everything after that would be perfect "
2012  mad good!
i liked twilight and i'm looking forward to watch the second movie  yes i said it!
koco is gonna cut my hair off when he comes to visit! yay!
oh shoot    its snowing!
pay it forward! <-- right mitshi!?
"the moral question of whether you are lying or not is not settled by establishing the truth or falsity of what you say  in order to settle this question, we must know whether you intend your statement to mislead "
change your profile picture into your favorite pokemon!
<propmale> klein|euphoria - i smell mad good~
we cancelled go for this?! my saturday feels soooo long without it! oh poor me    :[
so i was chillin' in a reclined position waiting for my dentist as he finished prepping  his ass was by my head  he farted  i was so shocked that i pretended it didn't happen  he farted again  i was speechless  i walked out of the office and walked around the corner when melting snow dripped off the roof and hit my head  it was bird poop  good thing i was wearing a hat though    assholes   
does anyone have the game final fantasy 9? can i borrow it?
this is going to be a wonder filled year   smile  start the year 2010 off right by having a <propfemale> christmas everyone!!
the year is about to end and a new year will soon begin  good bye 2009 and hello 2010  aw i miss 2009  annoyed \
it's 2011 woo  i'm so happy that i got to eat rice today 
nilla wafers 
i found raisins in the house! oh happy day~
does anyone play monster <propmale> unite? will you be my friend and play with me?
ballroom dancing is so much fun! the samba is a bit weird but its actually pretty fun in an  intense way 
"oh shut up, i know you love sitting naked in your room after a nice shower too  ya you!"
"i don't have any running water :[ does anyone else have the same problem? hey, at least i have internet!"
yay i have water! oh how wonderful it felt to take a hot shower~
the fairytale that you don't know about 
do you have a dog that bites his own nails to keep them short? i do! sometimes he pulls so hard that he farts 
good luck everyone at the bcsf and don't try to lose so bad    to you know    jersey 
"so i've been called many things,but seriously the word that affected me the most was being called an ah juh shi  hello? do i look like one?! and the worst part was that the lady calling me an ah juh shi was probably twice my age "
"good, its back to being <propfemale>  oh, i can't wait until it gets a little warmer so i can take naps outside!"
"ya, we should communicate more on fb  well the longer the wait, the greater the satisfaction! sunday, here we come! weekdays i are no good for me  annoyed \ i work at night so doing things in the evening is not the best idea for me  sad  is there anything happening on friday?"
"oh boy, a response to a wall post through a fb notice  <propfirst> you are one special guy! i just announced it to the entire fb community!"
"when blowing your nose gets annoying, just stick a pair of tissues up your nose! all the cool kids are doin' it "
i just had bul go gi and i couldn't taste anything  i really don't like it when my face is all congested due to a cold 
thanks again everyone   smile 
after service one sunday i want to go karaoke! anyone wanna come? possibly next sunday?
i hope you guys know that it's 90 degrees out  why am i not at the beach?
so i had dirt inbetween my crack and when i blew my nose and checked out the harvest i found a lovely heart shaped boogie  wonderful   smile 
there have been way too many sundays lately without lovin' life live and it feels like my soul has been deprived of food for way too long and is now emaciated 
oh boy oh boy! yay!
high five to god! what a team player 
nyao~
you know the ear <propmale> headphones with the rubber tips that blocks out outside noise? i love them! i really don't like it when the rubber tip falls off and you can't find it because the <propmale>s become useless  i can't believe i lost both <propmale>s at the same time!
i watched a bird poop on my house 
everyone should fall in love with kaskade and late night alumni  youtube them!
"inside the dryer lives a ferocious fabric eating monster  in order to keep this monster from eating everything made of fabric that comes into it's way, a sock is chosen to become an offering  i'm going to start strapping e playful losives to my socks "
i really don't like it when my nipples get hard  why is it so cold today?
facebook you almost did a good job  just a little more and we will have a dislike button!
facebook you almost did a good job  just a little more and we will have a dislike button! edit: eh   nm    i dono where that button went  i swear it was there   
there is something rumbling in my tummy 
birds are capable of performing advanced aerial maneuvers that allow them to fling poo onto the side of your house  my house is a victim 
lol i just drooled
"in my opinion, i believe this weather is perfect for a high speed police <propmale>  i'm the one being <propmale>d  \tag! you're it!\"""""
the sun is still up and <propmale> is tired  <propmale> is going to sleep  <propmale> will jump out of bed when most people are jumping into bed  <propmale> can't wait until this friday when this terrible sleep cycle ends 
<propmale> spa sometime next week anyone?
"i just made scrambled eggs for the first time! oh boy did it taste good! and then i tried to fry several wieners  that didn't go too well  it started to burn  so i just threw it into the microwave  because i'm such a highspeed chef, i decided to make some salmon teriyaki! i got as far as getting the salmon on the fry pan  i realized that i didn't know how to make something teriyaki  oh well, soy sauce is good enough "
halitophobia 
if you haven't listened to armin's a state of trance 2010 go do it now  my ears are e playful eriencing a new level of ecstasy!
i love love love you! yay!
birthday suit 
<propmale> sparks has nothing on me 
tell me why i sweat after taking a cold shower  cold!
i like to fart in front of pretty girls  playful  i love to call people while i poop and my favorite past-time is farting  smile 
october 14  just a few more weeks 
i'm back~
"i'm on facebook via laptop, droid and itouch  yay! and the dork is proud of himself "
munching on a 5lb bar or hershey's chocolate! allllll by myself!
"so, lately i've been throwing an assortment of food in a tortilla wrap and calling it a burrito  yum "
"im bored so i opened up google maps on my handy dandy super phone to locate myself  to my surprise, the satellites have located me    in iceland  so much for only being off by a few hundred meters "
fantasy fest at the keys where the majority of the population is    gay 
men in thongs! my eyes!
 smile 
kid shows are better than adult shows  go disney and <propmale>!
so far the walking dead is good! catch it on amc!
i want a sea otter!
so there i was in a bathroom here in south <propfemale>  a man at a urinal turns around and his reaction to the sight of me was o o gasp!
yay i have successfully gotten fatter on my trip! hooray for love handles~
sometimes my stomach makes cute sounds when it is hungry 
i feel like i should be flying a kite outside right now 
so <propmale> i just started watching <propmale> and i like it 
strawberry ice cream is so yummy!
so i'm watching this movie called rampage and all i can say is wtf 
"no matter how many times you watch gundam, its so friggin good!"
chocolate is a boy's best friend  or at least mine 
does anyone play monster <propmale> unite on psp and want to play with me  sad 
take this day to not just think about what you are grateful for but also act on it  show the one you love by giving them a hug or sing them a song  do what makes them happy  happy thanksgiving world  smile 
does anyone have a wii that i can borrow for a bit?
i'm about to eat green tea pork cutlets  wish me luck 
communitychannel is one of the most entertaining person to watch on youtube 
newest band on the playlist: mayday parade
hanamizuki
just finished watching <propfemale> yori dango final the movie  it was     pleasantly cute   smile  almost 3 hours long but well worth it 
it's pokemon month  uhhuh  smile 
i  don't understand why the world doesn't love trance 
"i just learned that the phrase \rule of thumb\"" is derived from an old english law which prohibited husbands from beating their wives with anything wider than their thumb  o o"""
it seems that people are already bored of the number game 
it's 4 am and i'm listening to 4am by kaskade! good song check it out!
does anyone play lil pirates on their itouch iphone?
so many fun games are coming out! ahh i wanna be a geek again  <propfemale> vs capcom 3! tekken tag 2! tekken vs street fighter?!@#!@#!@#!%!% ace combat assault horizon!! how wonderful it feels to be a geek! i'm only a part time geek though 
noooooooooooooooooooooooo apoiehfoiajoigjaewoiawie rjoiaewf damn you <propfirst> zukerberg! i didn't want to comply with your new fb profile layout     super sad face  
sometimes i walk into a room that has the lights on and then turn it off with the intention of turning on the lights 
i just realized that there are 6 cars and owners in my house  i almost feel really <propmale>  or at least we present the image of being very wealthy to our neighbors  nice 
hebdomad  wtheck?!
what makes me feel like a badass? my little brother doesn't really like it too much when i use his xbox while he is in his room  so what do i do? when he leaves the house i sneak into his room and play   smile  they've trained me well at the school for u s  cavalry 
there is something very exciting about standing naked in your room     with the blinds open 
cars 2  smile 
cars 2 and pirates 4!
cars 2 pirates 4 transformers 3! 2011 is going to be great!
<propfemale> christmas world! tron was great! watch it 
soldiers are the shit  hooah 
i think it snowed last night 
in search of sunrise 8: south africa  go pirate it  too bad tiesto isn't mixing isos anymore  give it up for <propfirst> durand for doing a fantastic job representing isos!
"looking out my window, the serene view sparked my creative side and i decided to write a poem  i dedicate this to you world \\\snow fall from tree \""\",f7d2f14bf9fd342e03376bb9674f6e15,"<propfemale> is truly the land of the free  in no other country can i imagine a person eating a mexican burrito, japanese chickent cutlets and tuna marinated in some delicious sweet asian sauce "
my favorite kissing scene takes place in pirates of the caribbean 3 when cpt  barbosa weds will and <propfemale> 
