3e1c7a70ca84fcb8ad4c5a25d7f4fd7e
my parents are stalking me!
everyone should know that   comfy clothes are comfy   
making 10+ hats is difficult! especially making sure the ears are the right size!
"going to try to call <propfemale> tomorrow! yes, try 'cause there is never will call  her phone is always dead   annoyed "
"likes imaitating guy-sensi from naruto! \hmmm! hmmmgg! hmmg!\"""""
it's friday! yes! no homework!
guess what world! my mom is an author! she has a book published!
i'm about to go to three days of bliss! these days are known as naka-kon!
very upset about the lose of my camera and phone
"school is making me go crazy making me think i \need\"" to get everything done now! i only want to get it done"""
"head ringing very loudly, barely hear a thing in my left ear and it's echoing, dizzy from it"
i will bite <propfirst> for making my libbers cry!
excited about hanging with kisame and <propfemale> tomorrow!
i'm infuriated by all the band stuff this week!
"got home from a band contest awhile ago, we got a 2 which is great especially since we had some really tough judges!"
"just got back, so yeah   taco can you call later?"
sleepy and feeling kinda down for no reason
"going to bed, cause i'm tired and maybe some sewing i doubt it but maybe"
gonna take a shower! oh yeah!
sick of lying teenagers!
i got a phone! yays!
yay! my birthday's here! so far so great!
"so excited about tomorrow! and about saturday! anxious about school though, uggg!"
"banging my head on a dog but! she won't move, nice headrest though"
"home, exhausted, and misspelling words!"
at ubms first time on computer
happy now that i've taken a shower
my tooth started to move! i'm so upset!
did laundry today! yay! and took a shower this morning! i'll all about cleaning myself and it's coverings
"do people not realize what \i do not have my phone\"" means? quit texting me!"""
just got back to <propfemale> so happy that i saw my <propfemale> girl today! love you mom and dad!
happy daddy day everyone! love you daddy!
"dying my hair, well bleacing right now!"
i lost the game!
"broken headphones, and broken shoes! why me?"
broke my water bottle!  crying 
three weeks down three to go! can't wait to get home!
i just finished my essay! woot!
"being extremely mood swingish, ah the joys of being a woman"
"being moody all day, and go <propfirst> go! goal! yes, you did it <propfirst>!"
"kinda bored, can't wait for saturday!"
"just left the dance, and i am sad because it reminded me of the rave at natsucon that i will be missing!  crying "
i'm a burrito! a giggleing burrito!
"bed time! yay! and tomorrow i start designing a web <propfemale> about myself, what fun!"
"so yeah, very tirid (mispelling ugh!), and bored "
my leg is feeling much better! i can walk up stairs again with little pain!
"well, hello world! i'm doing laundry today!"
"losing my omph again, don't know why i just know i am  i took a stupid shower, against my will  losing my will again   why me?"
"goodnight everyone! our last sunday at ubms! this has been pretty fun but i am fricken tired of being away from home, i mistook my backpack for my dog tonight! wow!"
listening to music  and loving it!
"mad! very mad! my favorite shade of purple nail polish has gone missing! i loved it so very much! if i find out that someone has taken it, i will hunt them down and do something very very very mean!"
won't be back here till saturday! losing the comps tonight! love ya my families!
did you know there is pirate english in facebook's language select?
"they tell me to try to be normal, to try to fit in, and to be like the other kids, i say 'screw that where's originality and being me?'"
"ninja awesome! i'm an awsome ninja! so bow before my ninja skillz! and beware of small children, they bite!"
um   not sure what that last one was all about   so yeah still beware of small children   
i love flair! it's so funny!
"going to bed early, as usual, so now what   "
"been in one of my funks again, oh well it'll hopefully be over in a day or so  in other news i read a lot today, i'm so happy that nawat is back in the story and he finally got the girl! woot! lol"
"pokemon! i want to cosplay them all! except maybe grimer, so which pokemon should i be, i'm definitly doing <propfemale>!"
i'm gonna do an eevee evolution! please tell which is the best to do! i'm thinking espeon or glacion!
"having to force myself to eat, not good, really really not good  at least i'm finally eating for the first time today"
uh! random! that sounds so much better in a monster voice!
i am so freaking excited for thursday! i get to see domy! woot!
my foot is falling asleep! <propmale> respond! random!
soul eater is an amazing anime! go blackstar!
watching soul eater and loveing it! on ep  7 now!
oh my gosh! the nurse is the witch! squee! this is such a good series!( i am talking about soul eater)
got home about a few hours ago! yay
about to sweep and mop! yay!
just found a chipmunk    in my guarge
bored  and still in love with soul eater!
i've got awesome hair! it'll be even awesomer after tonight though! i bet no one can guess why!
"so school's starting tomorrow, i'm not looking foward to it  i don't even have my sechual yet, so first thing in the morning i get to go to the consulers office  what fun!"
can't wait for fair on sunday!
do da do da do da dooooooooooooooooooooooo! i'm hyper! woot! doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
happy halloween everyone! <propfemale> says trick-or-treat! grandma and grandpa shadow are here! yay!
omg! i was filmed in drama club today! and the superintendant is going to see it! in feb  i'm going to be rehersing for a small theater production!
squidward!
i got my learner's driver permit on thursday!
my hands smell like clean cotton!
"i have over a hundred game requests! and everytime i get a text from \someone\"" i get excited! i giggle when i get my good morning message! i think i'm out of my fog because of this person!"""
anyone know of any good techno rave music that's free? i'm mainly asking my con buddies!
anime rules the world!
"anyone want me to do a quick drawing? i'm not that good but i can upload quickly  i can most easily do naruto, soul eater, or death note drawings!"
i want to scream something dirty right now! but i won't it may wake up <propfemale>!
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict, while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention  honor them by re-posting this status"
yes! i just found the game catridge for my ar that dad couldn't find for a while! and i found it on accident!
i just need two more baby name books to finish part 3 of 4 of the mission
i'm proud of my school's good band!
"i just finished publishing the first chapter of my naruto fanfic! just need to type and publish the second chap now!    then write, type, and publish the rest of the story   this is getting difficult"
"i just typed up and published chapter two of my story, and now i added a twist so i actually have to do the whole story"
do adults have bed times? it's weird they go to bed late and complain of always being tired
i'm going to prom! now i need to figure out what to wear! *squeal*
"so i got my dress for prom, but i can't post pictures 'til after prom, because it needs to be a surprise to 'the boy'"
