c4623d54027271943ecba1bab8e68772
"last day of break~ isn't it lovely  i actually got my homework done! just some more researching and history is all good, too "
"leaving on wednesday the 24th! bye bye, <propfirst> kong  maybe i'll see everyone again, but i dunno "
in <propfemale>  gots the athlete of the year award! squee~  laugh 
i saw two wild rabbits in one place  i squeed  then i went back to my aunt and uncle's place and had steak   love  i love my life 
"going to seattle tomorrow with <propfemale>! mom is leaving friday, so i will be parent-less once again "
"oh, and i'm apparently not living in this place  called  spartaaaaaaaaaaaaugh[coughetc ]!!!11!!!eleven!!1!!"
"i gots a house  a townhome, actually  leaving cross-country on saturday, and i must practice volleyball for tryouts"
"in michigan! leaving tomorrow for niagra falls, if our passports can be found "
in new jersey! woo 
i start school on the ninth! of september! i'm happy   smile 
"31 people trying out for two volleyball teams    most of the freshman haven't been on a competitive team  awesome, but don't be arrogant, bellaaaaaaahh"
"i be tired and sore  wii fit, yeahright  volleyball hurts  and so do stairs "
everyone in <propfirst> kong is already in school    i don't start til the 8th     laugh  but i have volleyball! i hope i make the final cut! (game today!)
playing today at mtsomething  it's far away maybe? i don't know 
"we won our game! we actually finished on time, too  beat roxbury by maybe 10 points at the last game? (i miss <propfirst> kong, too  ;_ wink "
lol public school  why must it actually teach me something?
"game tomorrow  i wish that film study could be pass fail  geez, it's an actual class "
volleyball tournament  i'm not even playing and i have to go on the weekend  d: yaaaaaay 
"community picnic time? will it be fun? i dunno  i want to stay home, though "
we won! woo  now i can sleep 
"monday: to ihop or not to ihop? that is the question  i'm having waffles for dinner, anyways "
"<propmale> case of, erm, previous-homesickness  everyone's having so much fun    it makes me contemplate how it would have been if i didn't move "
"going to camp looks like so much fun~ i am, of course, referring to ais  d: we don't really go to camp in high school  >_>"
<propfemale> loves derby  love 
"there's a steady increase in my dislike for history class  i do want to go to boston, but i really want to get an a too "
fridaaaaaaay! swimming starts next week  d: i'm so scared 
"babysitting again  not getting paid for it, but it's my brother, after all  d: rinsing and repeating yesterday, with the exception that we don't have m&ms for our popcorn  and i have homework! ;_;"
" laugh  everyone having fun? good  i would hope so, considering all the photos taken during school "
my feelings of incompetence are rising a bit more than gradually 
the cultural fair at ais looked like so much fun  d: it doesn't make me feel any better  t__t
waaaaaai~ 11 days until my birthday  it's not that important though  because i'm not hispanic  d: no quinceañera for me 
birthday on wednesday! washington d c  was lots of fun  let's hope my swim meet on tuesday won't end up catastrophic 
"tired  wishing it was an hour earlier  or maybe just back in <propmale>  oh wait  i'll be there in five days, so i have something to look forward to "
i am 15   laugh  hoorah 
as stated on the twitty: ??????~~~! ??????  ????!!!  laugh  i hope teh wording of the second sentence is correct 
thanks to all who gave me a happy birthday! i feel teh luf  ?
thank you everyone! i hope you enjoyed school  i just went on a plane for 6 hours! better or worse?
leaving in a few days! bwahahaha  it's too bad i asked to make up homework  d;
um  it's snowing  a lot 
"snow  snow  snow  i suppose we'll be the only ones who won't have a white christmas, considering <propmale>'s temperature is about double what's here "
"um  what focus questions? interpreting the past has it labeled focus questions, but on the assignment sheet they're separate    d:"
<propfemale> christmas y'all   laugh 
happy new year from someone in the future to everyone else!
facebook in english (pirate) = greatest thing thus far 
"bahahahahaha i hate my life  right now, at least "
"to be honest, i feel blah  it should snow more, but it won't in forever  i won't check to see if i'm correct, because that would make me feel like a science teacher "
"f is for fire that burns down the whole town, u is for uranium!    bombs  n is for no survivors when you decide to wake up <propfemale> too early  thankfully, it didn't happen today "
"the red hot chili peppers are invading the e playful loded mass that is my brain that suicided  it's not that bad, actually  ohyeah, and we won! i don't know by how much, though, and i think that i did awesome on the 200fr and 50f   laugh "
"woot the woot  another weekend, another way to end up procrastinating on big assignments  but that won't happen, of course  d:"
"our basement is becoming less and less scary-looking  well, for a second, right before inglourious basterds "
"contemplation: track or no? there's only a few swim meets left and i really (read: really) don't want to have to run twice ten billion times as much as i did last year  i throw, not sprint  d: lax softball i have no idea how to play "
nothing right now can separate me from the power of the bear jew 
"rain rain, go away, but have cousin snow replace you today  i have sad, but i'll be cured, if white stuff falls down after this word  (as if that will happen  d smile "
"<propfemale> globes, yeah~ <propfirst> bacon just won an award  i am now singing \footloose\"" as loudly as i can without alerting my parents """
"hey hey, someone from ais message me  who died? i want to know what happened  d: i'm sorry for all who had to endure it!"
term paper yeah
"term paper? no  apparently, my cat is much higher on the priority list  he thinks so, anyways  btw if anyone notices, the thesis for the term paper is the first sentence? i think he gave us notes for the term paper format, but i seem to have lost them   laugh "
term paper yeah yeah yeah and i will get a c 
"(a little tl wink r) another cup of tea brewed  back to work  i'll hopefully probably finish on time  it took me four hours to do the introductory, after all  2 more topics that i have more research on, hoorah! i officially hate myself for this act of procrastination  now all i have to do is fail the quiz bahahaha but i've studied for that  so yeah "
finished yeeeeeeaaaaahhh
"weekend time  i've gotta say, i'm feeling a little relie- oh my gawd midterms nevermind "
"almost done with review day work! i hope the two ten year olds haven't killed each other yet  should probably go check on them, but they're fine  probably "
"so, instead of studying, i have to do stuff with the family? really? they're going to make me fail, honestly "
"at home, enjoying not taking midterms   laugh  mandarin was eeeaasy "
"parents are in brooklyn for a tbtl bonanza - i'm at home with my awesome (rawr) one-woman study party  oh, and pizza is involved "
"should be studying  i could type out a stream of e playful letives at my rage  self-rage, of course  and rage at my cat for sleeping on my bed when it hasn't been fully made yet "
"heya swim team: so when do we have to go to school for the meet? i heard 2, but maybe 1 smile 0? i don't know "
study time~ and i get to watch a movie! too bad it's for film study and i've seen it once already 
"rage time  at science, of course  my nerdy reputation must be upheld, i must not faaaaiiiillll  uh  yeah "
"championships tomorrow  i am ready to not swim at all, though i still have to go  then, babysitting  oh so much fun"
'sitting time 
swimming = awesome  spending 8 hours at the njac swimming championships but not swimming at all = get out of my way i want to maim something
"lawls, pai  i gotta say, i think i gave too much away there "
i have failed 
ahahahaha the lulz they are oh  we have school now?
i qualify for friday! yeeeeaaa-wait  that means i'm spending basically all of friday losing against 26 other schools? buhbuhbuhbut do i have to?
"sleepytime  yes, early, but my parents tend to be my parents sometimes "
"homework, yeah  amazing "
"team dinner = fun  but not enough people came  geez, guys, it was awesome, but it would be even more awesome if there was more than a third of the whole team there "
championships yeah  too bad we only had six people  also: magical ninja <propfemale> 
"attempting to make up a song for magical ninja <propfemale>  and sleeping, because approximately five minutes of swimming about 150 meters (excluding warmup break) over the course of six hours makes a tired <propfemale> "
got upset with text  bellamon is old  new look with old picture!
"i've just realized that my new profile pic, wherever it is, will stare at my name slightly above and to the right of it  my early-2009 self is kind of creeping me out "
lucky charms at noon? hell yes 
"oh, how fickle weathermen are  snow? of course! just not here  of course "
oh my god  the who is amazing  that superbowl performance gives me a new admiration for omga: old men guitaring awesomely 
"school is super-cool  well, let's let it think that way and maybe it won't decide to be mean to me today "
"when you find yourself a life, feel fortunate  because <propfemale> sure doesn't have one "
"snow? i don't know  doing homework, nonetheless  well, most of it "
snoooooow daaaay  my cynicism has dissolved in favor of sleeping in some more 
"   okay, i've been to vancouver before, but i never saw those freaky tap dancer-fiddlers there "
"<propfirst>'s day alone  lolz  we have four guests cooped up with us and i'm left alone with my brother  (he doesn't count as a person, though ) everyone else enjoy today!"
"okay, who here that is doing the chinese new year thing think that some child labor law has been breached?"
chinese new year at montville is finally over  i just woke up from a 4-hour nap  it was awesome 
"still can't believe that i missed that supposedly-epic food fight  but e playful ensive chinese shirt was, well, e playful ensive, and we couldn't leave the library after it started  suuuuucks"
"i have discovered that guy with the glasses  goodbye, what's left of my free time  hello, videos with a nostalgic snarker that are about movies that i watched and thought were amazing "
"beeed tiiime  staying awake is a little difficult when you spend all day working hard on doing absolutely nothing  i broke out the sciv, which is interesting, but i know why i don't play it often - omfg the apprentice stage 7 if i had someone to maim i would gaaaah (deadx5) sums my e playful erience with arcade nicely "
guh  tea is too sweet  that is all 
"three consecutive posts about chai tea - making another batch as commanded by father  i guess he wants to feel sort of like a hippie, too "
"so who's hoping for a second snow day? i am! more time to work on english essay  rather than edit it myself once, i shall turn it in perfected after having dad look over it 5+ times "
"snow day tomorrow  hello, more time for essay, goodbye, day for spring break!"
yarrr  tired already 
essay time! woo  i'm taking advantage of our four-day weekend 
"derp derp  working on english essay  i really hate formatting, especially mla "
"hurdurdur typing out the weird sounds i say is fun  derp derp  (makes me look like a freak, though, but what's new?)"
"went snow tubing over in the poconos in pennsylvania  fun, only it seemed like everyone living within a 2-mile radius was there  i was only able to go down twice, but enjoyable nonethless  hoping that it's day 3 tomorrow  it would really make me happy  (so it'll probably end up as a day 1 )"
oh my gawd  no english  squee 
"gold for canada? cool  it's too bad the olympics are already over  but i can still say i've been to both whistler and vancouver, and they were both awesome even before the olympics "
"oh hay guys quick capslock question  if anyone's willing and staying up late enough, would they be able to edit my essay  last minute, i know, but i finished it  if not, if sullivan gives us a revision opportunity i will take it "
sleep time  i'm going to try to wake up early tomorrow so i can print everything out and make final changes to my essay  lots of fun!  sarcasm
"feels like crap  i'll probably go to school tomorrow, but i really don't feel like it  and this is after my <propmale> assignments have been turned in, so it's not like i'm going to be missing anything "
tired  sick  don't want to go to school tomorrow  bleh 
"   track starts friday? i feel like crying, but i can't because i haven't taken meds and i might cough up a lung at the same time  what happened to meetings (or flyers because nobody hears the announcements) and informing potential athletes? (serious business in real life sad face)"
d: d: d: d: someone i know just failed out of <propmale> school  sad  d: d: d: d:
"no reply to e-mail yet  i'm getting really worried  i really want to do track, but    guh  maybe this is a sign that i'm not meant to do it? that i won't be able to keep up? (i hope not, that really doesn't help my self-esteem much )"
i don't know what to do anymore 
"trying very hard to not post sappy music lyrics that encompass my emotions right now  my parents are disappointed in my lack of action, even though it's not completely my fault  and i'm still sick  eck (i'm overreacting probably, bleh )"
"oh my eff gee i am saved  e-mail has coooooommeee  i can't practice friday, but monday i can   laugh  *cue choir singing hallelujah in mind*"
"okay, so i didn't go to first practice (i couldn't exactly work out because i didn't have all the papers turned in) and i regret it, buuuuuut i am much less stressed out now and i know who my coach is  so, awesome  monday i shall show everyone how not-fit i am and that i need to lift more weights "
"well, aren't i original and unique  if anyone even bothers, here  http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone"
sigh  it's hard to concentrate on things when my brother (age 10) and father (age 46) scream and argue about who died first and who deserves the needler heat-seeking bomb-thing turret  (and not letting me join in  d; )
"might do something today? i need homework time, but i want to go to the park or something  it's actually <propfemale> for once "
"i hate living in small towns  everyone knows everyone; new people have a tougher time assimilating into society  is it surprising to know that some school districts have six high schools, like <propmale> did, instead of just one? really? <propmale> wasn't as safe of a place in some parts, but at least you had a little bit of breathing room because it was such a big town  maybe because it's my hometown, i'm biased  (rant over )"
"went on a hike at turkey hill mountain, or whatever it's called  almost died a couple of times  my dad's a genius at planning where to go when there's still snow on the ground "
"guh  couldn't practice today  not cleared yet  d: hopefully i'll be ok tomorrow, and at least i don't have to make up a physical or anything "
urf  loading a video over im that's 5 minutes long and has taken nearly an hour to send over msn  before i go to bed ple - oh great henri thanks for logging me out so i have to load it again
"guh  video still loading  40% left! meanwhile, not that anyone cares ('cept for <propfirst> but that's because she's a stalker) i made one  http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone"
   this video  i forgot about this  perhaps i'll post it  maybe not 
"tired  finally cleared to practice, so i did  did javelin for the first time(!) and i found it relatively fun  hopefully tomorrow i get to practice discus again  (and no running yesssss)"
"mathththththth  polynomials, urk  then science; if no science tonight, tomorrow morning then  and    oh gawd history  and english  eff "
tired  review day tomorrow  d: sadface 
"grah  i should've joined a group for history a long time ago  (unloading dishwasher, so sort of a semi-break?)"
"i realized that i am going back to seattle in two-some weeks  ohmuhguh  i hope that \i have to go to my aunt's wedding and it's been planned way before you planned your crap\"" will work with track  (missing two school days and saturday before spring break )"""
"two things - did scheduling; am doublin' up on math (geo honors or enriched and algebra 2 enriched) with honors and ap all 'round  also got a letter today that confuses me: so did i varsity letter and go to the dinner thing, or wait for the \freshman\"" whatever mentioned at the bottom? even though swimming is just swimming?"""
i broke my internet  e playful letive 
"review day yeah  two tests tomorrow, as well  work work work"
"gah  unproductive practice today  for me, at least  i wish i stayed longer than i did  dog sitting tomorrow afternoon "
my attempts at getting anyone but <propfirst> to ask stalk me is failing  not that i'm e playful ecting much  http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone
grah  mr <propmale>'s gonna be mad at me come monday 
"no practice this morning    right   ? i heard there was no meeting-up stuff yesterday from the coach-guy, but i'm stressing out here "
"weather = crap  d: dogsitting miss <propfemale>, the shih tzu  not getting paid, but i'd obviously do anything for a weirdly adorable anklebiter trying to gnaw off my fingers and with the need to go outside when it's rainiest and windiest "
"eating cinnamon life cereal (for no particular reason other than a sugar craving), watching abdc (re-run? haven't seen it since its first season) and making fun of <propfirst> lopez's dimples "
"pleasenopoweroutpleasenopoweroutpleasenopowerout (thankfully, on laptop now, but abdc is actually being interesting and i don't want to take <propfemale> out )"
"going to play, if we make it on time, lol "
that play musical was awesome  the power went out six times before the first act was over  free admission for wednesday! going to watch district 9 with my parents and try to not act too many questions 
"sleeping in tomorrow  two hour delay, yes "
"going to sleep  sleep in an hour, maybe? i'll wake up at 6 smile 0 and feel awesome "
"wake up in the morning, feeling like i could sleep in  grab my glasses, i stumble down the stairs and eat my breakfast while it's rainin'  *icky techno beat* (i sux at lyric stuff, man  in any case, slept in three hours and i feel awesome )"
headache~ gonna study for the history test tomorrow  yay
"i nearly took a nap, but then i realized i want to actually get a good night's sleep tonight  not that it'll actually happen  >_>"
i want bioshock 2 now  d;
"well, that was an interesting ceremony  in any case, i have my varsity plaque and a pin and some other stuff  essay time, yeah"
"finished my essay!  laugh  now, to the <propmale> packet! (it's so late, d smile "
"going to play tonight  the first half looked good, let's see how it is a second time around "
back from play  will soon go to bed  (tired and headache  sadface )
"got a haircut and got to miss most of practice for it   laugh  maybe i'll go down and play some odst (and die lols), or i could do my homework  tough decision, but i think i'll go with the odst "
"lskadfjaweijssorgkoolriahymseksmtidnataewsemsekamtimygnisekibetahiakglkjweitawlkjdf  there's a hidden code in there, see if you can figure it out "
"haha i was right  no vbm for me  babysitting  :b stupid softball scrimmage shortened my practice today  d:< made me mad, as you can obv  see with my d:< face "
"http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone yeah, man  click it  ask me stupid and or insulting questions "
"left practice early  x3 i got pizza-ful and felt gross, and mom was around anyways, so i'm home rawking out to red hot chili peppers "
"pandora makes me happy  i have discovered that i am actually, deep inside, a fan of m i a  it's the tamil music, or something, that makes her awesome "
"going to the movies  diary of a wimpy kid, i think? my bro wanted to go, i wanted to get out  so yeah "
"saw shanze gilani and mansi patel at the movies today  played all the way through arcade of scii in the arcade area in five minutes, but nearly got ditched by my mom when i wanted to have another go  also: i heard barenaked ladies on the radio  omfg i love you dj for knowing this band "
"going to the park  picnic, yay  and volleyball, now that the weather is nice out and i have time "
"usb for henri's r4 has disappeared    has all hope been lost for hg ss? in all sarcasm, i can't wait for henri to freak out when i hears that i can't find it  (if anyone does have an r4, usb plzkthx?)"
"e playful letive  now apparently hen's ds is gone, too  it hasn't left our house, i don't know why we can't find it  asldkgjasdlkdklagjsdklfakjhegerktag"
"bed early, yaaaay  maybe i'll actually get good sleep for once, lol  http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone"
"dentist appointment, yarr  maybe i'm going to <propmale> station, but nobody i know will be there because it's not spring break here  x3 i was gonna show off and everything, but not anymore "
"dentist appointment over, yarr  my teeth feel smooth and shiny   smile  http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone"
"back at uncle and aunt's house after shopping a little bit down in <propmale> station  also, saw my old house  nothing has changed  d: they can't garden, those new people that live there!"
   i wish my english class was fun 
"wedding was cool, and surprisingly short  at the haus of brown's now  <propfemale> brown won't be here til 10, but <propfemale> <propfemale> will be coming!  laugh "
annoying jj over wow mic <propmale> brown is using is fun  x3
3 am? lots of fun! 12 am on the west coast? even better 
of course  it's raining in washington  (i also saw new <propfemale> for the first time  real <propfemale> ? twilight <propfemale> so much  d:< )
"yarp  the whole fam was over to see me and hen blunder in an early easter egg hunt  it has been proven true: i have no observance abilities  i got four bucks, though "
"back in new jersey now  the flight was delayed two or three hours, but we made good time  practice tomorrow, then meet!"
"practice at noon  awesome-sauce  maybe we'll practice in the field; in that case, bringing bug spray "
"back from meet  my scores were average  didn't place, but i didn't e playful ect to  (i was the only thrower in disc against six seven other girls  hahaha )"
"made sugar cookie dough for tomorrow  yay, almost-easter day!"
"practice today at 11  i have to take my bike, because mom's working  d; two <propmale> shouldn't be a big deal on a bike, though, so no biggie "
"home  the bike ride didn't take too long  it took 20 minutes, give or take  making pizza for myself and henri, then doing homework and chores "
"back from kearny meet  i sucked  then again, as a team we didn't do so well, sadly  today's my homework day, yay!"
"spose  he is awesome  (search \spose i'm awesome\"" on youtube and you will understand )"""
"eff  the dynastic cycle and confucian \moral rationalization\""? where is this in the textbook aksldfjasdlfkja"""
"easter is a happy day  (i think ) so be happy on it! [it's better than saying a generic \happy easter\""  >_> ]"""
"homework, yay! (history and english  science is not a big dealie thing )"
gah  my shoulder hurts  d: feeling sad that <propfirst> <propmale> kugelgen logged off suddenly last night  why time difference why
"bahahaha  extra credit in science for me  found a picture of mt st helens with me in it  yes  (granted, it's 2006, so i'm wearing my elementary school sweatshirt, but it still works  not posting, though  heh )"
"walked home today  if this keeps up soon i'll be as fit as the long-distance runners   laugh  yeah  sadly, i'm probably sunburned on my face  buh "
"listening to  the lyrics seem weird out of context, in case i wanted to post them, so the whole song shall be given  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=b5z3hdkkiia"
tired  the three hours of sleep that i got last night aren't much of a buffer for all the hours i've missed  hopefully tomorrow i'll feel ok when i get up early 
my room is mostly clean now! it's a miracle 
"has it finally happened? right now i don't want to know  i want it to go away, like the mess in my room  but that's fixed, and now, i don't know what's left "
lunch  x3 yaaaay 
"writing the first draft of my essay  i still have math to do, but i can do that in the morning   there isn't much  (the meet went on for a long time and i sucked, esp  at dis  d smile "
school! yay   ?
"sleepy  saw the informant! today  i was confused and embarrassed for this man who did all of this junk  but i saw patton and <propfirst> f , so i'm good on the comedian casting thing   not throwing anything tomorrow, so i'm sleeping in  have fun with waking up at 7 and staying out til 4, guys "
i was so productive today  lawls 
homework   laugh 
english essay done! time to vacuum  ( d; )
http annoyed  www formspring me isabellaleone yeah 
aaskwieutdasdljvaj uploading photos won't work  d:<
"uploading photos worked  they're boring, though "
"practice, then essay  yay, ability-to-turn-in-history-stuff-same-day-before-midnight-thing!"
history essay  yay   obv sarcasm
"<propfirst> <propmale> kugelgen: how did we ever socialize before fb?  me: with carrier pigeons   <propfirst>: what a simple time it was  (paraphrase) without phones, pigeon-caused-ear-injuries were such a problem back then   me: not to mention the mess  we have no sense of humor amirite?"
"beat my pr for shot put! 25, yeah~ still not the best ever (one girl at the meet was throwing over 30), but it's my best, so i feel good  however: history essay  heh "
e playful letive
"feeling like crap  allergies cold sucks man  i was sniffling all day  good luck for all the track people tomorrow! i'll be sleeping in, but i'll be with you in spirit  possibly "
my cat has found a new bed on my back  i won't be getting out of my bed for a while 
you know you've got a massive head cold when you can't smell anything 
eating indian food  i can smell again! it's awesome 
this has made my day awesome  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=-uwy3sjqyx0
if anyone knows how to get to the algebra 1 online textbook please tell me  i don't want to die from my teach's pregnant-hormonal temper 
"great way to help me stay healthy-ish, mom: make cinnamon rolls  geez "
wenxin zhu and gabby rojo : the video  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=w_cgo0q7krk
"grah  <propmale> tomorrow; no sleepy for me! tons of homework, too, and i can't find my copy of 1984! crap"
(random gibberish)     1984 still not found  tomorrow's a <propmale> work day! & i'm less pale now  nice day today 
homework; hopefully history won't kill my brain 
"omguh  pandora is being my best best friend right now  went from the fray to fine frenzy to <propfemale>, without having to dislike anything  and they're even their better songs  (i mean, what way to segue from \almost lover to \""crazy for you\""? lols )"""
"   and beck  if i had the mentality to post lyrics, i would post (in all-caps) \soy <propfemale> perdedor\""    because i'm a snobby music nerd """
"i feel like i made a big mistake  just what i wanted to avoid  if i do end up avoiding it, great  if not, i feel like a bitch for it "
"tomorrow is going to suck  3 incredibly difficult tests, two of them in the morning when i'm barely functioning  i'm probably going to drop the ball on at least one, but at least i have the rest of the marking period to make up for it "
"making rice krispie treats  yaaay, marshmallows "
"dizzy spell    okay, good? no "
yargh  so much to do tonight 
brownies are done! hurrah 
"fun day  cake, volleyball, cryfest, then cape may tomorrow! <propfemale> mickowski needs to fill me in on all the cool places to go~!"
"in wildwood, ready to walk the boardwalk  cape may was fun to walk around a bit, but we're leaving tomorrow afternoon  d;"
"back  i have two tan lines now, blah  english and some history, yay "
schoolwires doesn't like me  it makes me frustrasad  (frustrated and sad  d; )
"finished my short story  over 700 words, lol, but i'm not changing it  i have too many other things to do "
"okay, seriously, wtf  don't die on me, database  please, you know that brave new world is a novel that exists  i was just there  don't turn your back on me, young lady man thing  (random screaming transcripted into facebook )"
the database has been punished accordingly and is working as it should  hoorah  (aka blahihatethisiwantittogoawayenglishsucks)
"the english project is finally over  i am proceeding to fail at taking initiative with history, but i suppose i have to because of the quiz "
"made soft <propfemale> cookies  they're good, but i burned my arm  d; not too terribly, though "
life has found me sunburnt once again  being pale really is a hassle sometimes 
pulp fiction 43 ahhhh goodbye facebook 
i must say it  alsdkfjasldfk  <propfemale> outside and i have no ride to practice  yaay 
tgwtg makes me happy inside my heart and soul  [ nerd]
"happy mother's day, <propfemale> durand ? i hope that cake was good "
cake = good  pound cake with orange glaze = ???
i just realized i didn't do two history assignments  halp
srsly getting the urge to watch cowboy bebop right now  too bad i dunno when it comes on (if it ever does anymore) on adult swim  i shall find it somewhere 
"ohmygawd ohmygawd http annoyed  oxymoronassoc livejournal com 462027 html\\   ohmygawd "
"hasta mañana, gaiz  x3 watching show choir sure is tiring for the soul "
"medaled in shot put at today's frosh soph meet! it's 4th, so i barely squeezed in, but it's still awesome  (27 feet!)"
"there's a quiz called \what color is your mind?\""\",c4623d54027271943ecba1bab8e68772,"marathoning a show \\it is consuming my soul "
"marathoning almost o-\\wait what is this i don't even"
"woo found me a thesis to work with  of course, it's on science and technology  my nerdiness is inescapable "
made brownies   smile  going to support everyone at sectionals tomorrow morning with them!
"sectionals was fun  i guess  it was good to see montville do well, and i have leftover brownies (for once!) to tide me over for the next couple of days  oven food for dinner, yaaaaaay, then homework, def  not yaaaaaaaaay "
<propfirst> long my bacon has been properly devoured  hurhurhur 
"virus is gone! (hopefully)\\going to go and do some history  :b oh, and listen to a fine frenzy "
making flowers   smile  i'll bring some to school and show some peeps 
"i made nine big-ish ones (in terms of how many layers of petals) and now i'm almost out of my ball of yellow  oh well, there's more where that came from  >x3"
asian vampires  that is all 
this voki stuff is incredibly amusing  just text-to-speech  you must see it to believe it 
"k, mandarin's done  time to watch the crusades  > laugh  then study for the fill-in-the-blank test!"
duuuurrrrr  there's too many people in this chapter  all the popes and names    this is going to more difficult than i thought 
sick
i got invited to the national youth leadership forum? for national security? neat   ? how'd they find me?  surprise 
whatchu talkin' bout <propmale>?! <propfirst> <propmale> died  d:
going to go and beat jsrf again  who knew that graffiti gangs on rollerblades would be so fun to play as? or something 
"going to a block party, yaaaay"
"same computer virus again, yeahhhhh"
"life takes a backseat when reality decides to take the wheel: life ? surfing on the computer all day  reality = getting a high-risk virus again from surfing  on what website, i don't know, but please not tv tropes  d;"
apparently the virus i just saw 30 minutes ago does not exist anymore? d: it's taken over and eateded the hardware of the comp  or at least tried to convince us that it's gone 
"asldkfjadfsdkjfas teenage wangst moment nobody understands meeee ;_;\\okay, i feel better now  public domain now, yay!  snark"
"research paper, yeahh"
"4 pages, yesssss  i could stop now, but why when i have two more paragraphs i can fill in?"
"finished yeahh  got up to five pages   smile  life is good  now, if only someone could edit it at this time of night   "
"nerding out right now in greenwich village  the large hadron collider is (nearly) safe, yaaaay! go, atom-smashers, gooooo"
"i didn't know a person could overload on nerdishness, but i think i have  it's not as fun as i thought it'd be  (today was, though   laugh  fun, i mean )"
"gaaaaaawd that\song from juno (\anyone else but you\"") is awesome  the lyrics are   \",c4623d54027271943ecba1bab8e68772,"woo! science test tomorrow  i actually remembered, but not for the best of reasons  ???????????, ??    if that grammar is correct   surprise "
"yaaaargh, my focus is waning  not like i had much focus beforehand, though  >_> e playful letive "
"hey there, wenxin zhu, let's not and say we did  i can read whatever you tag me on instantly, you know "
feelin' like a socially inept mooch  i srsly have nothing else to input as a conversation ever  it makes me feel terrible  d;
history go go g-oh i see bnl new video? oooh 
hooray for supporting the track team! boo for losing time for homework 
"zeeero to heeeero in no time flat\\(hooray for youtube  ?)"
hercules down  time for tarzan  :b
"yurk  bro's birthday celebration time soon  i don't get a cupcake for tomorrow, though    d:"
"gratuitous chingrishu time?! oh, no  i'm just procrastinating "
"summer    all was <propfemale> in the sky, all was <propfemale> when the day met the night  (patd when they were all folksy and had all of their members  x3)"
got the orange box yesterday and i can't even enjoy it  sadface 
"well, i have some things done  tomorrow's going to be lovely, as will the next two weeks  and to think, i thought i was going to have a life like i normally do "
hurrrg  homework should be banned before finals  especially history homework 
   it's <propfemale> michaelson?! on the mott's commercial?! whaaat awesome-sauce 
powerpoint's done  time for 3-5 history assignments  yaytiful 
"schedule is okay  i don't know how history'll work out when there's only six people in the class, though "
"hiiiiistorryyyy    i really should be studying for finals that are tomorrow, not doing homework for a final in two days  d:"
"lawl, french revolution comic  robespierre, you dog  http annoyed  www harkavagrant com index php?id=52"
"listening to white noise and studying  is it helping? i don't know  i think history will be the one bad final and the rest will be ok, but that's scenario i hate the most "
oh my gawd the index card  i can use it 
"4 down, 4 to go  ugh "
laaaawl  http annoyed  notalwaysright com dont-count-on-intelligence 5849
playing as a pyro on tf2 is fun   smile 
tv tropes has ruined my life 
"good weekend  sucessful weekend? no way, unless you count leaving the house and driving around for an hour as sucessful  oh, and strawberry rhubarb pie   love "
"finals are over  my brain has already shut off, it's a new record! normally i'd have a coherent thought process for at least another half a day before regressing "
"discovered a school of rock soundtrack while uploading old cds to itunes  happy happy times  oh, and school is out"
"less than 1 gig left for my ipod  i only put, you know, another 400 songs on there, i wonder why there's so little room left   ?"
"i just heard a loud \yeaaaahhhhh\"" and a guitar riff on my downstairs television  and a scream of \""doofenschmirtz evil incorporateeeeed\"" shortly afterwards  phineas and ferb and their not-subtle hilarious references of other television shows ftw """
"leaving on monday  no carnival time this weekend, only packing    *sigh*"
"market morning, then mall, then packing some more~"
bebesittin'  gonna go walk up the hill and see the fireworks in a couple of hours!
i saw the seattle sounders fc at the airport today  ohmygodohmygodohmygod
"i have officially stayed up 24 hours without sleeping  i think i'm delirious, so my record won't get much longer "
"the cake is not a lie! oh, and pretty little liars has some semblance to the books it's based on: trashy and kind of idiotic, but entertaining nonetheless "
<propfirst> gormley and her brother did an awesome job at the allegro performance today! have fun in vegas!  laugh 
"on orcas island  too tired to add an exclamation point to connotate enthusiasm  no worries, i am; fireworks are going to happen now "
oh em gee? it's over 65 degrees? washington is finally warming up 
"sounders gaaaaaame  we're (probably) die against the galaxy, but i don't care  and    i'm going with <propfemale> <propfemale>! yesssssssss"
"españa, yaaaaay"
partyyyyyy
"at brown house  party number two tonight! oh, and at the sounders game on wednesday i got an awesome scarf and got it signed by twelve of the players~ going to show it off when i can when i get home "
watching hp iv with <propfemale>!
"<propmale> potter weekend is noice  it's too bad i saw numero tres at <propfemale>'s two days ago  (currently at \<propmale> potter\"" fanatic @<propfemale> <propfemale>'s house!)"""
"hurg  now i want to watch <propmale> potter 6 despite how disappointing it was (really, \i am the half-blood prince \""?) and hp weekend's over """
"leaving for nj tomorrow  i'm sorry to anyone i wasn't able to meet, i ended up being too busy  currently enjoying my time being nearly-mauled by two malamute puppies who are not puppy-sized "
"back in jersey  uggh, my house looks so unfamiliar, and i wish i could've stayed in seattle longer  the weather was so much nicer there "
"no, i'm not jetlagged, why would you say that zzzzzz\except that it's more like 1 pm back there  it does suck waking up in the middle of the night because you were ready to sleep back there  if that makes any sense "
ahhhhhh tornado watch
wenxin zhu and <propfemale> huang  have ambushed me at home  now making cookies 
"went to see \inception\"" today  nooo <propmale> watanabe don't die agh"""
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hjgrhbpfqco\\ho  <propfirst>  shite  this needs to exists now, fangirl hype besides  this is why i play engie most   love "
"i have not recovered since saturday  in fact, it's gotten worse: i've gotten strong urges to write really, really bad fanfiction  i believe i should seek medical help, but indulging myself might cure it    right?    right?\\*sob*"
arcade fire live?! <propfemale> gasp 
"made banana bread  yus  i always seem to be making fattening things around my house  first, cookies, then cake, then more cake, now this "
"mansi's sweet 16 was fun - i can now say as a non-nj girl that i have fist-pumped \\also, double rainbow all the way"
agh - nervous  volleyball is so close now 
"asdfasdffhrbdjcjrb computer's inactive, laptop us as slow as all get out  time for a project in unproductivity: fixin' the laptop, sort of  too little ram to do much, but i'll try "
"using opera as my internet browser, cleaned up the registry, and it's running marginally better  awesome, yeahhhh"
new game i want: mirror's edge  freerunning games are awesome 
"how will i survive tomorrow? i don't know, but it will suck "
"agh  i have more injuries than i'd like to deal with, albeit said injuries are extremely minor  tomorrow's gonna be awesome \ sarcasm"
"sprained my pinky finger  omg big deal! icing it now; thankfully i no longer have any blood blisters to deal with  anything else i say about that will verge into tmi territory, though "
homework is derp  life is derp 
"pizza and nacho party at my place, apparently  i passed on the pizza, preferring to ruin my diet and exercise for tomorrow by omnomnomming on nachos  then, brownies \\my parents are trying to ruin my athletic career nooooes"
"mariners game tomorrow! i'll feel so out of place  i'm bringing my soccer scarf with me and making a scene, and getting glares from the thousands of rabid yankees fans "
"rant: our desktop is still down, so i can't do any of my summer homework because a ) it is the only comp connected to our printer and b ) it has the language capabilities for typing mandarin stuff up  however, it still doesn't have a ) microsoft word, which i need  for my english and history, and b ) powerpoint, which is what i need for mandarin  i lose in all circumstances  hooray "
"demon hipster chicks  yes  i need that third movie out of you to complete the blood and ice cream trilogy, so i can get a bit of <propmale> frost and <propmale> pegg together again, but for now <propfirst> pilgrim will do "
i love <propmale> lehrer  committing mass homicide to pigeons has never sounded more appealing 
"sunburn, yaaaaay "
do you know how awesome i'm feeling?awesomely awesome 
<propmale>'s mind updated two weeks ago? is good day for <propfemale> 
"so i found the book i needed for the history paper  everything on colonial delaware \\it's too bad it's on the <propmale> county library system, back in washington state  seriously, new jersey, you need more books that might be helpful to your citizens  for writing history papers, at least "
"found some sources, found some books  i'll write my paper later  time for some <propmale> meany "
"i just had a karaoke duet with cleverbot on \still alive \"" this is amazing """
reality marches on 
"<propmale> meany\\this rage\\i rage on you so much"
tbtl~
finished mah homeworks  only took me two months 
"i was within 100 yards of <propmale> lane \\is good day  (saw the addam's family [snap snap] musical in nyc for mom's birthday )"
"i need five mentors for my nylf assignment, what  i've got two at school, at least, but i want to lay off family members  wat do  (i might do my 8th grade english teacher, but she's all the way in <propfirst> kong and asdf i have no mentors )"
"win \\except for history  akdsjfaldksf"
"fixed and set up the desktop! i feel accomplished  now all i need to do is set up openoffice and itunes, and i should be good "
"go die, nebraska  dawgs'll beat your ass "
"the derp, i have e playful erienced it  no story necessary "
"happy talk like a pirate day, me hearties! arrrrr, general pirate speech, etc "
"no sé tú qué dirás pero no hay <propfemale> mucho qué pensar la oscuridad no asecha incrédula nada que pueda perder nada que no pueda hacer algo que te alivie algo que me cure\\i like zoé "
"bioshock infinite: want  in the meantime, itunes money will suffice, once mom gets to buying it like i requested "
goingtofalloveri'msotired
"filipina pop stars, yay"
"so, maybe less fall-over-y, but lots of writing to be had  history, then english essay draft  fortunately, i've got bio done for the next week, hohoho~"
"thunderstorm woot woot (wait, no, i'm kidding, i really need to write that paper, don't go out on me power agh)"
"bsed my history homework, but there was no other way to do it, really  time to write my english draft! hooray  sarcasm should be detected here "
"så håll om mig släpp inte taget om mig är som förhäxad av dig och jag vill ha dig  kom och håll om mig nu\\i also like swedish singers "
"<propfemale> huang, wenxin zhu, <propfemale> and <propfirst> are sooooo amazing  love   baking cookies teeheee"
why must these cookies be delicious?
"finally got to play some games after three weeks  my aiming is terrible, and nobody is convinced that i am a girl playing a violent fps  but that isn't new, anyways "
"cool weekend, just need to finish my homework and study a bit  i have six or seven tests from monday to wednesday alone  fun times "
"first priority: get moneys so i can get new politics  search them up, they are good "
"shite  we killed, but (potential pun puhlurt o see wat i did thar) i will be the victim  of homework  and riotto's test  that too "
"ok, that was weird  study time  (i will do so badly i swear )"
if only we had school off for red rain  hmm 
geometric probability what is this i don't even
just watched time bandits  now i've watched more 80s movies than i really want to admit to have seeing 
"no, no  we have already succeeded  i mean, what are the three terrors of\ the fire swamp? one, the flame spurt - no problem  there's a popping \sound preceding each; we can avoid that  two, the lightning sand, which \you were clever enough to discover what that looks like, so in the \future we can avoid that too  rodents of unusual size? i don't think they exist "
dogsitting has never been so rewarding  yaaaaaay  the irl deadpan should be noted here 
"e playful letive  jet set radio future's soundtrack is import-only, and e playful ensive: http annoyed  www amazon com jet-radio-future-hideki-naganuma dp b000062vf4 ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&s=videogames&qid=1286066616&sr=8-1"
"portalsounds on itunes: best thing ever, yes or yes?"
got my fancy business clothes  e playful ect me to wear pinstripes to school in three weeks 
"on the bright side, i have this frickin' awesome drawing thing on my arm "
top gear polar special! yeaaahhh
"good job, montville, in keeping up with your website  now i  can't email me teacher and she never wrote down her first name  d: mrs bombard, sjdhshahagg (anyone know?)"
ahhhhh i'm so excited 
"the library of congress was really cool  i just wish i was 16 so i could go in to the reading room  2 months! (also, two days  ahhhh)"
"<propfemale> is nice  i'm going to mount <propfirst> tomorrow; based on the fact that riotts has a video on <propfemale> plantation, maybe he'll be excited if i say that i went  (also, possibly will go into the reading room of the library of congress  that, i am excited for )"
"tab closed?! wat  anyways, tomorrow! aahhhh so excited  general theme's going to be on north korea and disputes about their nuclear weaponry, which is pretty topical considering the festivities and speculation about where the heir apparent, <propfirst> jong-un, will be taking n k  when jong-il steps down  personally? don't think it's going to change much   annoyed "
it's <propfemale> in <propfemale>  the skies are lighting up and it's fun  except that i need the computer for my dbq 
"urgh  dbq time, yaay"
"nsam? no problem  good thing there's a computer lab at the hotel  it's too bad i'll never have time to use it except for right now  (not missing school at all, kthx)"
"exhausted, as always  still got my awesome navy sweatshirt from the academy in annapolis today! i am pleased  didn't get any pictures, though "
simulation day! yay 
"i can wait for school for another week  best week of my life  (if you're nominated for nylf in anything, spend the moneys for it )"
"ahhhh my god it's an emergency\\i'm back home now and i'm crying because it's over "
"ok so not much of an emergency because oh my god, i've found mr  <propmale>'s facebook  his music interests include the black eyed peas and linkin park  i'm not sure what to think of this "
"not excited  at all  i was contemplating feigning illness to stay home tomorrow, but then i'll miss even more  geez  i am so tired "
"   ok so\\i've got seven tests scheduled as of today, all for this week  i still need to make up one more for mandarin, another for driver's <propmale>, and i have probably three tests in other classes to do this week like everyone else  it was still worth it "
"glyc is about 3000 dollars, just to <propfemale> out in wa dc and nyc  the <propfemale> trip is about 4000, not including the plane tickets to get there  alskdjf "
i  ugh  almostfridayalmostfridayalmostfriday homecoming game!
"30 minutes until my photos will upload? geez  what am i going to do to wait, homework? that's too productive for me "
"kso facebook for ipod sucks; no groups and tagging photos is weird  so hallaren group, if you could tag photos for me, or if you just feel like it, that'd be awesome"
"four tests tomorrow? no big deal, pssshhh  two of them are history? no problem  of course  (i'm crying on the inside )"
top gear on 60 minutes on sunday! ohmygod  awesome 
at homecoming game  sparta will die  teaching @wenxin zhu how football basically works while she recites cheers 
"babysat, then the departed  too much pahking the cah at hahvahd yahd accents that actually exist in bahstin "
"alarm clock, o u and your breaking after pressing a button  hopefully resetting it will help, but really  not cool "
"no more ??s, please  i think we understand what it means now  same goes for ?? and all the stuff on dates, kthx  in other news, top gear at 7 pm on 60 minutes  best thing "
all we do is win win win no matter what
last game tomorrow d: technically speaking  going to all of the varsity tournament games and not do anything is going to be lots of fun
17-3 best season
"abba is playing nonstop on community  good bad? i think the former, but shhh, don't tell anyone "
"is it bad that i'm more excited for a holiday a few weeks from now than the one that's tomorrow? if i weren't so principled, it may be a bit different, but eh, henri's excited "
"messages, check them? yes no?"
halloween was fun with wenxin zhu and <propfemale> huang! time for some thriller on repeat 
tbtl
"tf2 or tbtl? difficult choice  rss feed, perhaps, will help me come to a compromise "
half days = awesome  three extra hours of derping and i still study as late as possible 
glee's a re-run? nooo 
"i need to see a movie  i have been deprived of one for quite some time  do not fail me, on demand  if you do, the cutting of you will occur and there will be no rejoicing  also, i'm on a caffeine high "
benson interruption at midnight  yeeeesss 
"the best days are the days where you do absolutely nothing  you regret it the next day, but that's a new day to do new things, or nothing at all once again "
"we have a meet at st  e's on my birthday  the sadness, i am feeling it "
driver's <propmale> test tomorrow  i'm so nervous agh
driver's <propmale> studying: done  now to outline more of my declaration  i don't know which is worse 
94  less than a month  muahaha 
"no glee for me tonight  declaration work time, sadface "
"finally done with typing, yes  going to make it look nice tomorrow morning  for now: agh headache"
"this reminds me  i should see if i can go back to leavenworth and see that lady from conan  i find it both nerdy and awesome that i've been to her museum, though "
i just realized that sirius black is one degree from commissioner <propmale>  proceed to mindblowification 
"everything smells like chlorine, yes"
"brb, laughing forever"
"look up parry gripp  brb laughing forever, but this time it's my low-attention-span-12-year-old-self  (do you like waffles? yeah we do )"
"halo: ce (number 1!) oh my god, the graphics, but oh my god the first halo  this love in my heart, it cannot be stopped "
"imax! 3d's for squares  plus, i don't think they converted hp to 3d, anyway, so yes pretty non-dim colors  and capslock "
oh my god <propmale> grint oh my god there is nothing to be said
why is there no possible thesis for this dbq? guh
it's snowing in washington  what  and it's <propfemale> in new jersey and i'm insanely jealous 
<propmale> has a snow day and i'm still here going to school and i'm sad 
a very potter musical  the best thing ever  yeah <propmale> of glee
"another snow day in <propmale>, and seeing all the videos of the terrible drivers is hilarious  they need to take all of new jersey's equipment so we get double the snow days and possibly die, but the snow days "
"happy thanksgiving to all those who celebrate it! plus, it's snowing "
thanksgiving: the best holiday  if only it lasted another week longer without consequences 
"the men who stare at goats: after seeing the usual suspects, i love <propfirst> spacey when he plays jerkassy characters  oh, spoiler  oh well "
"favorite way to say \red wines\"" in a <propmale> accent: red vines oh my god where have you been all my life? what can't red vines do?"""
"just ordered assassin's creed 2, which will be delivered on my birthday  yes"
furry walls
"our christmas tree is huge  oh my god, it is huge "
"three hours, then ac2  yes"
kbrb ac2
freerunning all over the place wait don't jump there agh
aliens exist and they love arsenic  on their dna and stuff 
"also don't know what to feel right now  rip, man "
"thank you to everyone who sent the birthday wishes! it wasn't the greatest day to be celebrating my birthday, but hopefully everybody is okay  rip"
bedtime  so exhausted 
"eight hours of sleep feels pretty good, man "
"homework, meet not-me  too exhausted from the meet  bio will be done at 5 in the morning, no time for mandarin  other news: yay montville won two meets that's one more than last year "
mandarin why are you so time-consuming  new textbook w  cd - dislike 
"six hour plane trips, hooray!"
so  tired  asdf
"it's raining, and adorable dogs are barking  it's fun not having to go to school "
"christmas <propfemale> = best day of the year  jetlag kills it a bit, but it's still awesome fun "
watching the wizard of oz with @<propfemale> brown  smile  awesome christmas night!
sick  sad  been chugging hot tea three days strong  not  fun 
"holiday bowl\\huskies, yeaaaaahhh"
jet lag
this is my timey-wimey detector  it goes ding when there's stuff 
seahawks all the way 67 yards man
seahawwwwwks nooooo
"the history supplementary is 27 pages and 8 questions long  skim powers, go"
"i'm super-pissed  no school? no review, then  oh, and a vocab quiz before our english midterm "
"zombieland, yeahhh"
"ok, so math studying is done  after five hours  wonder how long english is going to take?"
this is the perfect time to get a head cold  lovely  watching hen play some forza 3 while i shiver is super-fun 
"bio midterm tomorrow, yeahhhh and then history on thursday  all of my hard midterms are grouped together, and it's not fun "
"riotto kids, how was the history midterm? i have it last  and i hate dates "
"i can actually get eight hours of sleep this time! huzzah! midway through the american revolution unit, so i might spend another hour or two and be done with it, maybe formulate my essay "
let's go back in time (with our tardis) to that day where we had our last snow day and have school  then this wouldn't be such a big deal 
counties durhur we're gonna do so well
"after a couple of months of snow, i miss shivering in the cold when it was only 60 degrees during <propfirst> kong weather  and, you know, i miss <propfirst> kong in general "
win number five and ????
my ankle hurts  gdit i'm really dumb 
brownies and franz <propmale>  the perfect combination 
i am passionately hating mandarin right now 
"as <propfirst> mchale always says: \go seahawks\"""""
"betcha five bucks he's going to serenade himself  there's only one person as amazing as <propmale> criss, and that's <propmale> criss "
"<propfirst> mccartney! yes  indeed, <propmale> criss's true <propfirst> is himself "
"my brother's incentive for better hygiene is axe  mother, why u do dis he's going to become a bro now agh"
new york this weekend  it's gonna be totally awesome 
hosni mubarak has resigned 
in nyc with family and mr  <propfirst> brandt   smile 
"mumford and sons! the cave is great, but \timshel\"" is better """
"fondue, awesome"
"can't find a good website  also, playing nurse for my parents, who are both sick  sadface on both things "
i think <propfemale> <propfemale> actually is a clone of idina menzel 
"work cited done  i just hope that the format's okay, because the sample riotts gave us helped me very little "
"<propmale> jennings is from edmonds?! i respected him before, but it has reached new levels now "
"i want to sleep right now  will it happen?\\lolno haha"
"the <propmale>'s speech was so awesome  the acting, the directing, the writing, all of it: my belief was successfully suspended and i enjoyed every moment  <propfemale>'s party was pretty fun too  smile "
my brother got black ops the other day  guess who wasn't able to play their orange box or finish their reach campaign on heroic? thumbs to chest: this girl
"<propfemale>'s new album is amazing  i still like \19\"" better though """
"schoolwork? aww, lame  it was fun feeling out of place in jersey city today, though "
my brother is (trying to) play the keyboard cat song on his keyboard  all is right with the world 
"history manages to be the only homework i have this weekend, and i even procrastinate on that  workworkwork"
"it's spartacus and he's 94  you know, my mind is boggled "
"i wish procrastination was a class, because if there was i'd have an a+ "
five and a half pages  good enough for me 
"this guy on american idol is from <propmale>, my hometown?(!!) it's too bad i've never met him and or i don't like his singing "
homestuck  what a way to procrastinate 
"my proofreading partner has disappeared  <propfemale>, where are you  sad "
i think i broke my brain trying to imitate a boston accent  wicked queeah 
all the pixar animated shorts on abc family? !!! nerd disney-love levels are at an all time high 
"almost done with my research paper! just one more <propfemale>  i still have to find a way to put in my other two primary sources, though; they have almost nothing to do with my topic  yay, extrapolation!"
i can finally feel my face 
"woke up thinking that it was friday morning and i missed my bus big time  then, duh, came to the logical conclusion that it was saturday morning and went back to bed  i now realize that this is why i don't take naps "
"couldn't get past 26 today in shot, welp  frustrating, especially since i got 33 indoors two days ago and i can't blame my crap throwing on the wind "
the <propfemale> and the frog!  disneynerd
"doctor parnassus! it seems like <propfirst> <propmale> always gets the role where his character gets screwed over, or at least overshadowed "
doctor horrible  i love the air 
"d'awwww, baby spock "
"hogarth oh my god \i don't think i'm smarter i just do the stupid homework if everyone else just did the stupid homework they could move up a grade and get pounded too is there any more coffee?\"""""
"on some speculators of japan: no, this is not retribution for <propfemale> harbor, this is a genuine disaster when we are both economic and military allies with japan now  it shows the ignorance and lack of morals some have, and my idealistic little mind can't wrap around how someone could disregard the value of human lives over something that happened in our past   rant"
"varsity swimming mip, yeaaaaahhhhh"
"sick, bluh"
28 in shot  life's good  green team rules
"uw basketball leading <propfemale> 14-11, awww yeah"
bawwww ): dad's getting mad and so am i 
"trying to find songs good for wenxin zhu's candle-lighting thing for her party  the ones i like, are good, and would work well are all in french  based on my taste in music, i'm obviously pretentious "
"flight of the conchords, fffyeah"
i got a dress and oh my gosh it's fuschia and girly and lsdkfjdasdf
"english essay, bluh bluh"
two hour essay? yes 
"send it off with a stamp as the winter locks in the branches above you higher than where we've loved  it's never coming back, and the hardest thing about this love is that you're never coming back "
feeling crappy - again  if it's an infection i swear i will excommunicate my sinuses and breathe through a tube the rest of my life 
"99 9 fever, bluh bluh  oh, and dawson was in ke$ha's new music video  hate the song, love the <propfirst> der beek "
"still have a fever  i hope i can go to school tomorrow, gah"
nope  101 5 fever  i'm going to have to make up a ton of stuff     sad 
"new episodes of glee won't air until april 19th  time to translate my tv time over to community - oh wait, they're not airing new eps until the 14th? i'd say fml, but my hipster-y tendencies would make me think that that's too mainstream "
"augh, pal, less than eight absences? i've had seven, so hopefully i won't get sick again and ruin everything "
"my new favorite song: pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows  of course, who wouldn't like that song? only really sad people who don't understand pink, fluff, or unicorns on rainbows  nobody's that sad "
