5c12a81cfcc7c23c9f4df6de28bcefb5
"silence, i kill you"
????
"random post\what is your fav type of music?"
just letting ppl know i got a hair cut
im bored
i like this certain someone now i cant tell if this certain someone likes me back
im very bored
someone cure me of the boredom
school is so boring
schools is boring
im wearing a trench coat
burning up in the heat
home at last
i want <propfemale>
six days of school left
school is so boring
they sell soda at school  smile 
if anyone of my friends likes the group everyone draw <propmale> day you arent my friend any more
im happy
actually im semi happy
im going to some yogurt place
im at home bored to death
im lonely  sad 
schools out finally
im so tired just got finished swimming
im tired
is bored out of his mind
is very excited
is feelling as though a weight has been lifted off his shoulders
is in agony
just finished taking a 4 hour test
joy a road trip to chicago listening to indian music im lucky i got my mp3 with me
yay i got a french vanilla capachino
i mean im in st <propfirst> right now
im in chicago
im a ninja
i clean my room like a boss
i clean my room like a somebodee
e ppl's house yet
 all my cuzins on my mom side were at the beach and there was going to be fireworks btw its been about 3 hours since we left the beach and were not at th
right now im really pissed off because my dad forced me off the beach because of some dinner we have to go to that he didnt tell me about and like almost
im so happy now i got haleem
stayed up all night woo hooo    i feel sleepy now
is tired
im so sleepy i could pass out like a boss
the world is a topsy turvy wonderland filled with all kinds of stuff and ppl but most importantly ninjas    haha teehee
pokemon pokemon its time for adventure <propfemale> and <propfemale> we can blow up the world pokemon
pooottttaaaaattttoooo
is very nervous
im back from chicago  smile 
im bored
i need to do something
so bored
so tired
nothing to do
"like this status and i'll tell you what i \like, dislike, my first impression and confession about you "
im up for anything as long as its after 3 surprise 0 pm
i need something to do
im freakin bored
i has a <propfemale>  smile 
im at a shooting range
i can't hear anything in my right ear but thats only natural if you shoot about 100 shot gun bullets without ear plugs or sound canceling headphones
i can hear through my right ear now
yeah shooting is fun
i need something to do
tomorow is the last day of ocs and nco school and i dont have to march that day  smile 
ocs and nco school is finally over
"1 chemistry honors - grow\2 algebra 2 - zhong\3 principles of health science - hensel\4 english 2 - byers\5 rotc - ford\6 whap - bell\7 spanish 2 - barber"
"does anyone have the same classes as me\1 chemistry honors - grow\2 algebra 2 - zhong\3 principles of health science - hensel\4 english 2 - byers\5 rotc - ford\6 whap - bell\7 spanish 2 - barber"
im bored random ppl
i got a haircut
first day of school was boring
joy if i thought the first day was boring im probably going to die of boredom by friday
so much work
hey i know what ttly is now
so happy ididn't have to go to school today  smile 
im so tired
im going to six flags
man six flags was so tiring
"if you read this then write something that you would do anything to protect, for me it'd be anything i actually cared about  copy this and post it as your own too i want to know!"
im so bored
im depressed
i dont remember asking you about your imperfections you might win one battle
"cut my life into pieces\this is my last resort\suffication \no breathing\dont give **** if i cut my own bleeding"
fav music is hardcore
"back off\i'll take you on\headstrong\ill take on anyone\i know that you are wrong\and this is not where you belong"
"i'm in bad company\war is my answer to everything\and i live my life by the way of the fist"
yes i'm not depressed anymore cause i know i havent lost any close friends
i need help with the algebra 2 regs hw from mis zhong
thanx everyone for wishing me a happy birthday
schools pissing me off big time the only that gets me through the day are my friends
i so happy now i got my fone bac
now i got over my fone im back to normal neutral state
"time moves on for all, except for those who hold onto the past"
"life is a picture, some people love it, some people hate it, some people don't understand it, and some people dont care about it - amaad arif"
einstien couldn't even solve the formula for love
"a weak person stands with other, while a strong person stands for others"
west got pwned by <propmale> yesterday  sad 
im going to take a practice psat tomorow at kd
one man can make a difference only if he believes he can
life without love and compassion is meaningless
"weak men commit suicide, strong men smile during the toughest times"
"telling lies is easy, but telling the truth is hard that why it is easier to write fiction in stead of non-fiction "
"although the its the tough people that stand up in the face of danger, the people who back down from it are usually the smartest"
"hey im the platoon sergeant of bad company in jrotc, where war is the answer to everything, and we follow the way of the fist"
"im complicated\my emotions are comlicated\my wardrobe style is complicated\so basically my life is complicated\if theres anything complicated in your life post it here i wanna know"
me like spicy food
so freakin tired
i almost fell asleep in my sunday school class
in the end nothing matters because were all going to die
the ones power is not measured by ones physical strength but by ones mental strength
i'm already tired of school
"i have stopped caring about school, work, death, my surroundings, and the pain"
im pissed off
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=o4v9tfscahg&feature=player_embedded
im in state neutral
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=okc1-yow-uc&feature=channel
i like no school
im posting military cadences
trick or treat
wtf
im so bored
well good night ppl
im thinking about going to the mall today
who wants to go to the mall im bored
the mall was fun
im going to the west plano cinemark at 10 am whoever wants to come meet me there buy your own tickets
<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 best <propmale> potter yet
no one knows me completly     
"ra ra rasputin \lover of the russian <propfemale> \there was a cat\that really was gone"
today is really gonna suck      
<propfemale> ppl play way to much just dance
im at home finally
"ra\ra \rasputin\lover of the russian queen\there was a cat\that really was gone"
i have a mustache again :{o
im getting my guitar back tomorow
"school is just a way to waste time i already know wat i need to know so why do i need to learn history, english i already know, math is simple, and science is stupid"
i got my phone taken away  sad 
wearing scrubs to school tomorow
"message me a number, and i shall write what i honestly think about you on my wall!"
#11- you are awesome and though i missed your going away party you were one of my favorite jrotc people
"#6- you are pretty and im so sad that you r leaving, and dont forget about us in plano ok"
"#69- lol i know why you picked this number, though i didn't know you that well, we had some fun times in mrs combs 4th period class didn't we"
"#68+1 - i know why you wanted 69 so badly but someone claimed it first so too bad, anyways you were the first one to actually want to wear the trench coat and you are one of the strangest guy i know but you are still cool"
"#awesome - you are my best friend and longest friend in plano, also i know who you like and she thinks exactly the same as you its funny"
#502- you are my friend and you are an amazin swimmer also btw you are way smarter than me
its the weekend finally
welcome to the jungle
"im sad and happy at the same time  im happy cause im finally going snowboarding during the break, but sad cause i was going to ask this person out during the break"
parents are so stupid most of the time
can't wait till december 25th
"write your name: amaad arif\with your elbow: amaad artif\with your nose: amaad arif\eyes closed: amaad arlf\\   do this and make it your status "
still cant wait till december 25
snowboard
im so bored
god dammit i failed honors chemistry and whap
"omg, i got this really nice, e playful ensive, limited edition watch for free "
its so stupid i still cant stop when snowboarding
i hate whenit snows while i snowboard > sad 
"im so bored, theres nothing to do rite now"
please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found  ? will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ? do it for all of us!
my cat scratched me and made my hand bleed now it stings
going to the mall at 1
"im so screwed for the world history cd project, i mean i have no way in contacting my group , for heavens sake i dont even know there name and we r suppose to be able to preform a song on tuesday what in the world was the history teachers thinking"
world history teachers r insane they e playful ect you to be able to write and preform a song in less than 5 days and only 2 of them are school days
sunday school
no school
i like how everyone txts me saying there's no school and im like i know you already posted it on facebook and i watch the news smart one
my perdiction is that there wont be school on thursday either
seeing the news say plano isd is closed never gets old
power keeps going out  sad 
"three days of no school!!! wtf is this a dream!?!?!?!?\i guess this is a first for plano isd"
id just like to point out that i predicted that we would have no school on thursday yesterday
godammit forget all the past posts made <propfirst> razavi was on my account
love is stupid
hate is a strong word but i really really dont like you
i cant even see the road in front of my house
steelers might still have a <propmale>
man    i have nite school tomorow
yes f in school today
i go three jackpots in the same game in less than 5 minutes and less than 5 tries total
"today has been such a strange day , it went from normal to bad to awesome to boring"
"?7today has been such a strange day , it went from normal (going to kd) to bad (almost not being able to go to the mall) to awesome (going to the mall) to"
?7boring (sitting at a brown party with no one to talk to or txt while having a headache)
"valentines day is coming up  copy this on your status, and see what you get in your inbox \\gold\"" - be my valentine?\",5c12a81cfcc7c23c9f4df6de28bcefb5,"?;choose one color of the following and message it to me\\gold be my valentine\red i used to like you\orange will you be mine\yellow i think your cute\gree"
"?;n i want to know you better\purple i love you\pink i want a kiss\blue i want to kick you in the leg\black i wanna a hug\white we r best buds"
?alove is complicated  you may love but that doesnt mean you r loved back  it hurts to not be loved back when in love but is it truly better to not love in
?a the first place? one must go through all kinds of pain to gain happiness so in fact it is not better to love rather than not to have at all
drill meet tomorow just going to hangout
i'm like dead rite now     
"im so fed up with my little brothers they come into the game room\1st time: they come into room blow up balloons then let air out\2nd time: come back in and do it again\3rd time: say that they need to clean up  im pissed and dont let them\4th time: they come in and do that balloon thing again\5th time:and then they come back and say that they need to clean up\what do you think i should have done?"
ok this week i have decided to see if i can go until saturday without talking to a shepton kid  ps  shepton kids this has nothing to do with you personally 
drill meet then asian festival man my schedule is packed on saturday
im so bored
"ok this break went from good, to amazing, to horrible  sad "
i have a purpose in this world finally
"?kn i want to know you better\purple i love you\pink i want a kiss\blue i want to kick you in the leg\black i wanna a hug\white we r best buds"
omg i just start watching this friday song and by the time like 10 seconds have passed there is apparentaly 58 comments had been made since i started watching o o
holy shit idk if this is true or not but some places r saying that 13 yr old <propfemale> black commited suicide
"i hate this week, ended it with the most awesome way i possibly could, witht the week i have been having, by rebeling against the norm and wearing trench coat in the heat, and now everything just sucks, cause i got to get a date for mill ball, thats invite for girls only sry guys i just dont roll that way, and my parents keep bitching at me about life and shit and its just been the worse week ever"
omg like no one can spare like ten minutes
ticki ticki tembo no sa rembo chari <propfemale> ruchi pip peri pembo  smile 
"the only good thing about this past week and today is the new shoes i got, that says a lot"
"?jppl should just mind there own fucking business, dont go fucking spreading it around , thats how fucking rumors are made , so if you dont kno the whole s"
"i got home, started freaking out when soniya shah's lil bro called me and told me no one knew where soniya was, and with the help of <propfirst> <propmale> i found out that she had a friday night live"
mres today finally
most suprising day of my life
check out my hair tomorow
good morning
ahhhhhhh!!!! tornado!!!!!! we r all going to die
im like beat had an amzing time at mill ball i actually danced quite a bit suprisingly
