298b001ba8583f71629788fbd306ef6f
hello (facebook) world 
is in atlanta    on a solo gig    suffering from insomnia 
"the wait is killing me    my baby girl is supposed to be here in 5 days    i'm going to be a dad    scary, huh?"
percocet + cyclobenzaprine + heating pad = no more back pain    for now 
so tired    need more sleepy time 
spent 7 hours at the hospital only to be sent home for the night  still no baby    but its looking good for tomorrow  smile 
"well, baby <propfemale> has been poked, proded, and baked overnight  the jaundice is gone and all is well   smile "
no more umbilical cord for <propfemale>  time for her first real bath 
folks we have a w00t off!! www woot com
the wind is howling! its so loud it sounds like a firetruck driving by    constantly 
"crap    the loud talkers in the office have moved down to this end  whos bright idea was this? they're amazed that they can \totally hear you from all the way down here\""  you suck  where are my headphones?   """
who said you have to sing nursery rhymes to babies? <propfemale> seems to like <propfemale> drinking songs   smile 
so apparently my wife got onto my facebook and found some of her friends    kinda surprised she didn't change my profile pic too  is you're account not good enough for you anymore <propfemale>? jeez   
theres too many    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=9wl_uqoabxg
"so i'm off the back-stretcher torture device, had a beer to wash down the percocet and now my back is feeling better     and my head feels like its gonna roll right off my neck  but i can still type  so    i think thats a win, right?"
"if you're looking for vinyl decals or lettering, i am the guy  i've got lots of designs, or i can do some custom work for you  send me a msg, i'll hook you up "
"got the car done over the weekend  well, done enough    it now has blinkers, lights, dashboard and even a stereo  we even did a backyard alignment  it runs good and drives straight   smile "
we have a woot off people!!!  www woot com
gotta love woot shirts     http annoyed  shirt woot com 
woot off : day 2!! www woot com
"if you're tired of being told to copy and paste different messages to show your support, friendship, hatred, etc for any number of topics, copy this message and paste it on all your friends walls just to show how you really feel "
the best state of the union address i've seen since before 2000  it makes me hopeful to hear our president call for the different parties to work together in order to bring change and improvement 
"    pain killers have worn off, can't sleep, back hurts  no me gusta "
apparently the trick to overcoming this pain is all the regular pills and a glass of scotch  i am off to sleepy land now   smile 
the doctor said i need a backiotomy!
woooo    the pain killers have kicked in   '~'
went to the er this morning  the pain in my back when from a 6 to well over 11  they gave me valium and 3 injections of what was supposed to be bad ass pain killers  didn't help at all  so they sent me home    gotta love hospitals 
best part of my day? holding my 3 month old baby girl while she slept  it made me forget about all the horrible back pain i had today 
still up    wandering around the internetz   
    and i'm back on the radar  god forbid i offer an opinion on anything  i should have known better though    people always take any idea i voice in writing wrong  apparently i need to offer opinions only when i'm face to face with the people 
watching sin city    i had forgotten how awesome this movie is 
trainspotting     still a messed up movie  gotta love it though   smile 
"jeez   i really wish i had something positive to post    oh, wait    i have a beautiful daughter and a wonderful wife   smile "
800mg ibuprofin + 30mg percocet + 600mg gabapentin = pain relief   smile 
i've been watching a ton of overhaulin'    my car really sucks   smile 
is still laid up with a messed up back  i'm pretty sure these pain killers are the reason my sleep cycle is absolutely jacked  good thing i've got an appointment thursday for a cortisone injection    into my spine   indecision 
"just watched \requiem for a dream\"" for the first time in years  i watched \""trainspotting\"" the other day    i'm quiting the heroin movies cold-turkey    from now on its only marijuana movies  have you ever watched a movie about marijuana    on weed?  smile """
"its hard to convice myself that even though i'm cold, i need to keep laying on the ice packs for my back   brrrrr"
"i'm sorry doc, i could swear you just said that i'm going to need surgery on my back      oh    that is what you said  shit "
"you know what sounds good, and i mean really good? a nice glass of jameson  ooohhh    yeah  i gotta take care of this craving   "
"i just won a $400 caburetor on ebay for $45 +shipping  brand new, still in package   smile "
"i've decided that since i'm going to be broken and have to take it easy, i'm going to start up a game of ff7  that'll make it better, right?"
i really need to stop watching these crazy movies and go to sleep   
"well i'm officially in the hospital  tomorrow: surgery on my spine  for tonights entertainment i bring to you, will on morphine  (probably to be continued for most of the weekend) i've never heard of being dosed before surgery, but hey these people are professionals, right?  smile "
morphine drip    4 0ml and counting 
    8    9    10! 10 milliliters of morphine! ha ha ha! i love to count!
for those of you keeping score at home we are now up to 20ml    feelin' pretty good 
"i forgot to mention earlier that now it appears that i may not get into surgery tomorrow  however, if i don't make it in tomorrow, i've been assured that i'll be the first one in on saturday   sad  where is that morphine button?    "
so how shitty is this? i've got a fairly comfortable bed and plenty of great pain killers in my system and yet i am wide awake   sad 
oh goodie    6:45am and i'm still awake from yesterday    this ought to be a good day 
"no surgery for me yesterday, so i was first in line at 7am today  i have since been bumped to 10 smile 0 or 11am  not too bad  except i am now officially on \gremlin\"" rules """
it really is a freakin' crap shoot when shift change comes here for the nurses    i am not a fan 
it seems like the clock is playing games on me  the only game it is not playing is the one where it speeds up and time flies   sad 
i'm very glad that i have such a loving family and so many great and caring friends  thank you all for the well wishes over the last few days  i will be recovering at home in the coming few weeks  i'm being told that they will most likely be taking me down to pre-op around 9am with a 3-4 hour procedure to follow  so glad i'm starting down this road to recovery   smile 
"this is <propfemale> on for will - he's aching but doing well, surgery went as planned so he's resting and working on getting well enough to come home!"
"folk, we have a woot off!!  www woot com"
i am in desperate need of a massage  turns out when you mess up your back you end up using your arms to move around alot more  is anyone out there a masseuse or know of one?
anybody have an extra xbox live headset (for free)? mine grew legs while i was in the hospital   sad 
"i totally blame the medicine i'm on for my messed up sleep schedule  kind of annoying, but watching the colors change as the sun comes up each morning is actually pretty cool "
"still on bedrest after the surgery  feeling quite a bit \off\""    still blaiming the meds  i just had some pumpkin pie  now i'm on my way to recovery   smile """
"\international eat a tasty animal for peta day\"" is fast approaching! i'll make a bacon e playful losion at my house  who wants in?"""
i just had a small glass of <propmale> zacapa xo     almost made me forget about all this surgery stuff   smile 
whats this? another woot off? game on!! www woot com
"my in-laws need cat-5 ran in their house, and i'm still down  anyone wanna give me a hand in the near future? i can't pay much, but i'll provide the material, lunch and some brew "
1st day back at work since the surgery   
"i'm looking for a new movie  you know, one of those indie-type, unknown writer director, limited release, makes you think about something in a new way, true work of passion, thought-provoking entertaining weird funny as hell, \i've never heard of it before but i have a friend who told me about it and its awesome\"" kind of movies  a person can only watch boondock saints so many times in a day  any thoughts?"""
so apparently when a cast iron pipe sits in the ground under a house for 85+ years it becomes extremely brittle and eventually collapses  i'm gonna fix this bastard good   
"bam!! new diggs for me! i'm now at the other end of the office    sorry to see you leave <propfirst>, but thanks for the cube "
"holy crap  is there a <propfemale> convention in seattle? my plane is full of <propfemale>s  im actually kind of scared    i mean, they dont have souls  (just kidding all you red-heads out there  its your crazy asses that make me seem more normal and well balanced )"
how do you know you still have a job from day to day? for me its when i show up at the office and my badge still works to open the door  you just never know whats gonna happen    what an exciting job  always keeps me on my toes 
gotta love it when a plea for change and improvement is not only ignored by the higher-ups but they also go on to e playful lain how you're wrong and everything is just peachy 
we decided to take the fauntleroy ferry across the water    we chose wrong   sad 
soup of the day: rum!
sometimes i feel i've got to     duhn duhn    
wow    garlic overload  let me just appologize now to anyone that gets to close  (looks like i get some personal time today  smile  )
new paper towel dispensers at work    not a fan 
waiting for an email? apparently all you have to do is go into the bathroom  you're phone will start blowing up with messages 
so i had a random cd in the changer this morning and now this song is stuck in my head  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=x9uk9icoq0w
happiest part about my work days? its when i get to the office and find out that my badge still opens the door 
"yesterday was full of good news    but we haven't found out just how good the news is yet   smile  (and no, there aren't anymore babies on the way yet)"
"are you f-ing kidding me? i mean, i hear the words your saying, but they don't make any sense  you look like you're in pain    it must hurt to be so stupid "
"    that  did you see it? what just happend, did you see it? that was reality smacking me in the face and showing me that there is absolutely no reason for me to stay  reality looked me right in the eye and said \you need to devote all of your energy and time into finding a new career"," purple monkey dishwasher \"" \"298b001ba8583f71629788fbd306ef6f,"to answer your question, yes i do know of that rule  now answer my question    does it look like i give a shit?"
valium: check  noise cancelling headphones: check  window seat (so those bastards with small bladders or that gd drink cart isnt bothering me) sad heck  ok pilot lets get this party started 
technical support rule # 182: air gaps will kill you 
"sweet, the demo geared just showed up    and only 5 hours late  i love my job "
i'm on a roll  now who else needs me to do their job?
"so the demo is set, the videos are embedded, and silverfox is here  i guess all i really have to do this morning is start the timer  i hope i don't screw up   "
"it just never fails  my case is either a place to set drinks garbage, work on laptops or sit; even if its open  c'mon people   "
"today's show is brought to you by the word \cluster\"" and the letter \""f\"" """
i love it when someone is trying to talk down to me and then i prove that they are the one that screwed up  the next reply on mail is always a bit sheepish and only comes to me  i like to make sure that everyone else on the original email (the one that i was called out on) is included in my reply  does that make me a jerk?  smile 
    and i'm buying stock in goldbond powder   
"so we just started our show  the presenter is advancing notes, and     oh wait, there is nobody here to advance powerpoint  its funny how fast people scramble  good times all around   smile "
"excuse me, may i have your attention for a moment? i'm going to get a little sappy for a second, so please bear with me  i'd like to thank my wife for being so incredible  i think we would all agree that women are crazy, but my wife is the good kind of cr"
fucking insomnia   
work is going well    i've turned in more applications in the last two weeks than in all the time i've been part of the work force 
"thank you for calling the department of redundant backup failover solutions, all of our secondary systems are currently down  please call back later "
"bloody nose, huh? you'll have to do better than that show gods   "
over the past 10-12 years i've worked very hard to keep my stress and temper under control    to somehow make turn stress into laughs  it has helped me better myself and treat those around me fairly  i think this streak is about to an end   
http annoyed  www collegehumor com video:1938370
"don't worry about it  your job, my job    i'll do both  its cool   "
what does the beginning of a nervous breakdown feel like?
where are you going?
so i finally got to see my daughter after being on the road for like 3 weeks  she stared at me for 20 minutes like she was trying to remember my name  then i made her laugh and it all came back to her  i'm really glad to be home 
"my work email has been strangely quiet today    not sure if its broke or not, not sure if i care or not   "
the internetz is hard    
"i'm sorry    if i can't visually verify what this food is, there is no way in hell i'm gonna take your word for it  -- i sure am glad that i put money in the budget for meals   "
my time off is so close i can taste it    it tastes like qdoba   
"this man has a team of people supporting him, and somehow the knucklehead i'm working with thinks it falls to him to find a diet pepsi for the guy    then gets locked out of the backstage area "
"step 1: complete \step 2: commencing   "
yep    totally f'd again  just another day in paradise 
"working a show in long beach, ca  total amateur hour  but its the kind of gig where i just need to be a phone call away  so i'll be across the street at the auld dubliner for the rest of the day  this place can't be that \auld\""    its got wi-fi    and boddington's   smile """
"so    4 ninjas, 2 robots, a vampire and a super hero walk into a bar  its not the setup for a joke, it just happened   "
