c790782fc3c2d2951bb90eca882d623a
my last video  wink   http annoyed  rtprestaurantguide com pub1icc1ips 
happy new year everyone!
"i think that it should be   willow,hornswaggle,and the midget chick from total recall in a triple threat match "
my birthday tomorrow  lets everyone sing now    
thanks to all the bday wishes
guess we will <propfemale> around here and play some scene it   3 teams of 2
sundays are the lazy days
the frikin hot concrete at the pool is worth bitchin about!!!
i got beat by a girl at mini golf!!    thanks <propfemale>   wtf
chillin at home by myself tonight  everyone's gone for weekend  will see my daughter tomorrow 
"hit the magic house today for a couple of hours  new pics, but not me"
does anyone know why midgets laugh all the time?  because the grass tickles their balls 
watch out for aj when he sneezes  better back up the herells have some nostraals 
well   i'm up early again  as long as there is something on tv  good thing blade is on 
waiting for two more weeks then let the good times roll!!
"the good wheather has finally arrived! anyone that works outside, let's all get together and have a keggar "
ah!!  two more days!  enough said
"finally the time has come  get through today, then tomorrow the only thing to do is wait "
had to say goodbye to someone that i did not want to this morning  very depressing monday after a great weekend 
hoping to mend an emotional heartache 
got my closure last night but still very hard to accept  will still be keeping in touch with limited visitation  really sucks what your heart can do to you sometimes 
bbq at work  yummy
awesome wheather here in stl !
it's saturday morning  drinking coffee and watching ghostbusters 2  not a bad combo i suppose 
jampacked day at the putt putt in fenton mo  me and my girl  have not seen it this busy before  ( the hole with the shadow was my hole in one)
"wearing jeans today  the wheather is finally changing  feels great! all of you that work outside, hollar!"
getting the tux fitted tonight for sis's wedding 
"why is it when you try to ease someone or something off your mind, things come back at you to keep reminding you?"
my daughter gets to try on her flowergirl dress tonight  should turn out ok 
playing some mini golf on a nice day feels just fine  especially when you get at least one hole in one  could of had two dammit!!
"if you have not seen the movie united 93, it is a must see  very well done  i bought it for myself  it is about 9-11  i got it a while back  some of the people from that day are in the movie i believe "
are you ready for some football!!  let's go rams! make st louis happy
tomorrow i get a big chunk of debt off my ass  halla frikin leuya!!  been waiting forever  more money for me!
a big debt has been paid!!  now i can relax a little  whewww
went out and got the new disturbed cd  heard a few songs  so far so good!!  i already knew the- another way to die 
hangin out at <propmale> park for <propmale> days  free concert from <propfirst> dirt  sounding awesome!
preseason hockey starts tonight! lets go blues!!
gonna do some paintballin for the first time today  should be fun and interesting  lets see if i get trigger happy!!
rams get a win today!!  we should be 3-0  but all for not 
just got done watching ghost hunters on the sci fi channel  they did an investigation on the lemp mansion here in st  <propfirst>  it definately turned out positive! good results 
my computer got crashed tonight  just now got all the crap reinstalled and updated again 
it will be awesome if the rams get a win today  they can make it at 2-2  after the blues pulled off an overtime win!! it will be a great weekend for st  <propfirst> sports fans!
rams get the win!! all is good in st  <propfirst>!!
"here we go  getting the tux fitted on wed , rehersal dinner on thurs , playing cards on fri , wedding on sat , putt putt on sun  sounds productive i think "
dinner rehearsal went just fine  no more food!!
a blues overtime win!!!  now lets go rams!!
awesome win for the blues on sat  night!!   ot win 1-0
lets go blues!! remain undefeated at home?
"hey <propfirst>, is this new pic of yours your halloween costume? just asking"
"oh, how sweet it is! a shootout win for the blues  i'm bleeding the color tonight "
trick or treat  do you know why blind people dont skydive?   because it scares the crap out of their dogs 
the mother f'n blues are rollin!! i need a bandaid for this bleeding 
this just might be the year for the blues?? red hot wearing blue  bring on the playoffs!!
well  the blues are at home for 2  let's see what happens    dammit do something!
"happy turkey day everyone  lets eat some grub, drink some beer, and watch football  <propfemale> out with the family "
should be a good end to 2010  get to spend it with some sweetness  look towards 2011 
breaking in the new year wont be as great as it could have been  sad 
well  first weekend of the new year
"wow, how embarassing for the saints "
"toys r us with the kiddo, couple of hours with the grandparents, then try to cheer someone up with a smile  also some playoff football!"
