498def5636dae44b5471c122326d0c88
'where oh where could the sane people be? oh where oh where can they be?'
"here today, gone tomorrow "
"then i realized what it took to tell the difference between thieves and crooks  lesson learned, me and you  ~ green day, '<propfemale>'s day parade'"
got my braces tightened today     now in i'm pain    
"seeing greenday july 3rd, paramore july 19th! woot!"
oh life  don't you love it?  wink 
taking back sunday is awesome 
got back from tacoma ysa  awesome dance!
countdown to see green day this friday! woot!
"green day was awesome!!!!   (though i must say, <propfirst> <propfirst> needs to wash out his potty mouth  lol )"
"on this 4th of july we acknowledge our country's declaration of independance many years ago  we celebrate the brave men and women who fought for the freedoms we hold dear, declaring this nation free from an unjust force  we honor their sacrifice and hard "
i just won a meet and greet with paramore before the july 19th concert! woot! i'm so excited!
paramore concert tomorrow! woot!
paramore rocks!
church was awesome today!
"now i venture forth to work once again, knowing exactly what lays before me, and i am <propfemale> tired of the same old crap day in and day out  lol  can't we at least get new crap and work from there?"
"\to live is to make music \"" i love that quote """
"i need new pics  my hair's not that short anymore  i totally have it spiked now, yes! lol "
"paintballing was awesome! <propfirst>, you're so coming next time   wink "
"it's a good day for <propfemale> everyone, we're still here   wink "
yes! working is totally making me ripped! oh yeah   wink 
i'm sick      it stinks   sad 
"ugh  i'm tired of people thinking i can't see through their bullcrap and all their retarted games  newsflash, i can and i will not forget it easily  get a clue "
     someone just bury me in a hole please   
ignorance is your new best friend  ignorance is your new best friend  ~ paramore
going to birch bay this weekend for the waterpark! wooo! good thing my sicklyness was ealier this week 
birch bay is awesome! waterpark today woo! (yes i found the internet   wink  )
home sweet home   smile 
"oy, the world we live in   "
"standing on a bus stop feeling your head pop out, in the night on the kind where you want to be out on the street, crawling up the walls like a cat in heat  and the air is thin and it blows through your skin, and you feel like something is about to begin but you don't what and you don't know when, so you tear at your hair and you scratch at your skin  you want to run away, just get on the train and leave today~ a t e"
"pay attention world  i declare that <propfemale> <propmale> is the most amazing girl in the world! that's right, i said it  and i ain't taking it back   smile "
just wrote a poem in 30 minutes and it's good  woohoo! lol   smile 
i ain't taking it back   wink 
"taking back sunday and weezer are amazing! blink 182 not so much, too much loud distortion on a lot of their sound stuff, they had some good moments though  awesome concert!"
"conviction will get us through the night  ~ aiden, 'the sky is falling'"
i'm an elder!  smile 
i'm so happy   smile 
paramore is amazing!
"maybe if my heart stops beating it won't hurt this much    ~ paramore, 'never let this go'"
worst day ever  woohoo 
"*hits head against wall, again, again, and again *"
"*again, again, again, again, again, again, and again *"
so this is what it feels like to be a jerk    i hate it 
"wow, what a day "
feeling better now   smile  ilyb!
"\this one goes out to the one i love \"" ~ r e m  smile """
today has been amazing!  laugh 
crazy little thing called love   smile 
"is re-finding his footing, and preparing for the future   smile "
doesn't like it when <propfemale> is sad     sad 
"i've been a dancing with myself  i've been dancing with myself  and if i had the <propmale> i'd ask a woman to dance, i've been a dancing with myself  ah ah oh  ah ah ah oh  ~ <propfirst> idol"
just another day in paradise   smile 
people never cease to amaze  a day in the life of someone who works in retail  oy 
"she's gone away  fading through the crimson rain  letting me go eventhough she never came  ~ she's gone away, <propmale> hartsock  <--- that's right! booya   wink "
i guess my poker face is a little too good at times   annoyed  oops 
"i walk this empty street on the boulevard of broken dreams where the city sleeps, and its only me and i walk alone  ~ green day (you all know what song   wink  )"
so close and yet so far  ~ linkin park
do you know the enemy? do you know your enemy? well you gotta know the enemy rah-aye 
"\i just wanted you to know i think about you everynight when i fall asleep  you were in my dreams just like in a movie with a happy ending  \"" ~ hawthorne heights"""
"crazy, well that's how it goes  millions of people living as foes  maybe its not too late to learn how to love and forget how to hate  ~ crazy train, ozzy osborne"
life is awesome! even when it stinks   wink  haha gotta love living   smile 
"another day, another dollar "
shouting bloody scary roars at coyotes is always interesting  but it works everytime   wink 
paramore > lady gaga     a message from the foundation for a better life   wink  haha
"wake me up when september ends         i'm awake! i just, i ju     *snore*"
hysteria  mass hysteria 
"'ignorance is still your new best friend, ignorance is still your new best friend '  playful  lol  who is this about you ask? i don't know  but if you look in the mirror and ask yourself is it you this is directed towards i'm sure the answer is yes, cause you are obviously uneasy enough to look in the mirror and ask yourself about it  it's nothing personal really, i just like messing with you   wink "
"fear is only in our minds, taking over all the time  fear is only in our minds but it's taking over all the time  ~ evanesence"
 sad  i lost a friend today    
"this was over before, before it ever began  your lips, your lies, your crutch  like the devil has your hand  ~ anberlin "
"never learn, never grow  a philosophy you know  ~ <propmale> hartsock ' (anti) letter to the wise'"
is happy for real friends  i love all of you   smile 
to work once again i go   smile 
paramore's new album came out today! now the ups man just needs to bring me and <propmale> our limited edition version  muwhwhahahahaha! i'm stoked!
"this is your life, are you who you want to be? ~ switchfoot "
uploading brand new eyes on my itunes! woot!
paramore!  laugh  need i say more?  wink 
gah  the past month i've had this heavy metal song idea that's been dancing around in my head  i need to pull it together  it even has hardcore screams in it  no squealing  lol 
"all is lost again  but i'm not giving in  i will not bow, i will not break, i will shut the world away  i will not fall, i will not fade, i will take your breath away and i'll survive  i am not a proud cold blooded fake, and i will shut the world away  ~ breaking <propmale> "
'zombie' by the cranberries  one of the best songs ever written 
the world is indeed crazy  and that makes me just that much crazier   playful  lol 
off i go to work where i shall continue to be amazed by what stupid things people do at a grocery store  yay      *sob* lol 
shock and awe    shock and awe    what am i talking about you say? i don't know  it sounds awesome though   playful   haha 
"i'll stop the world and melt with you  i'll stop the world and yeah it's better all the time  there's nothing you and i won't do  i'll stop the world and melt with you  ~ (i don't know who does this song, but its stuck in my head   smile  lol  )"
"you know it's sad but true! sad but truuuaauuee! ~ metalica, sad but true (awesome song!)"
"today i offer up myself to this, i'm living for my dying wish  we give it all! no there's a reason, there's a reason to give it all  ~ rise against"
"sunrise sunset will you wash away the rain? sunrise sunset will you wash away the pain? this nightmare won't last long  are you scared to sing this song? i'm right there by your side, tonight we got a <propmale>  ~ aiden"
watch out world here i come! i'm kind of a big deal  yes that's how fat i am  look out!!! incoming!!! lol 
crazy crazy day at work  oy 
"for <propfemale> is calling me  open up my eager eyes, cause i'm mr brightside  ~ the killers "
don't kill the messenger    he might kill you first! muwhahahahaha!
do you know the enemy? do you know the enemy? well you got to know your enemy ra-eh  ~ green day   so my question is  do you know your enemy?
rantings of the desolate lost children part ii complete  it's quite a beautiful mess i must say  lol  both parts are an official poets nightmare! take that rules and official code of conduct! it doth vex thee so   wink 
"who wants to die in a burning house? ok, if you do stay exactly where you are and live exactly the same and rid yourself of all form of conscience, intuition and awareness     thatta boy  good job  ;o"
"i'm sorry, did i hurt you with my spine? i really need to get that looked at  it's quite contagious  ~ me!  laugh  lol "
missing a certain someone   wink 
"hang'em high     no, higher    higher    higher    perfect  what? not choking? bring'em down  we start over "
"the last of the rebels without a common ground, i got to light a fire into the underground  i can hear the silence of a beating heart that bleeds from a system that's falling apart  with money to burn on a minimum wage, and i don't give a *crap*    about the modern age  ~ green day, american eulogy "
you can't live in fear  ~ ghost rider
"there there troubled hearted, don't cry  just remember that under every pile of steaming molten crap is the seed of a beautiful flower readying to <propfemale>   wink "
"feeling a wee bit down today  but its the last day of the work week, and am going to a barn dance saturday so  should be a good weekend "
"i feel strange right now, not sure why   annoyed "
"just saw zombie land  not gonna lie, i was disapointed  had funny moments, but i actually got bored with it  i was hoping it would be more funny "
if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything 
the truth shall set you free  it may hurt for a moment but if you endure and remain strong the rewards are eternal   smile 
it's ok to try and shoot down my argument good sir  i'll just sneak around you with my knife   surprise  this is a metaphore of course  wink  lol 
"go grab your shovel and we'll dig a deep hole to bury the castle, bury the castle  ~ paramore"
lies kill the spirit of the human heart  ~ me!  laugh 
"so tell me now, if this ain't love then how do we get out? cause i don't know  that's when she said i don't hate you boy, i just want to save you while there's still something left to save  that's when i told her i love you girl, but i'm not the answer to the questions that you still have  ~ rise against, 'savior'"
can't wait for 30 secdonds to mars new album!
"if under any circumstance a boy scout eagle scout finds his spine beginning to tremble and on the verge of cracking he will exert all his keen senses and yield the power of one of the greatest tools known to man and use it with precision and skill to aid himself in the pending dire circumstance    yes, i'm referring to duct tape  *heavenly choir music*"
if any of you lack wisdom go and get some   wink  (lol)
if you're trying to turn me into someone else it's easy to see i'm not down with that  i'm not nobody's fool  if you want to bring me down go ahead and try  ~ <propfemale> lavigne
"wickedness never was happiness     however, that guitar solo was totally wicked! wooo! ( don't you love our language?  wink  )"
"when in doubt, slap yourself upside the head and quit being a doubter   wink "
all truth will and must prove itself  anyone who does not understand that has missed a great vital lesson indeed and can easily be swayed into the clutches of any lie 
any and every human being on this planet has the potential to be happy  however the descision to be happy is not predetermined nor an unescapeble fate set to fall upon everyone  it is a blessing given to all those who whole heartedly seek it 
"remember, it could always be worse  if you forget, you will be reminded    and that reminder will suck  lol "
hooray for days off work! woo!
"some people in life are just victims  no matter what happens, it happened to them  (they're not right in the head ) ;o"
"do unto others as you would have done unto that guy over there  no, over there    a little more left    that's the one "
"2 of the best songs ever written: <propfemale> ~ goo goo dolls, zombie ~ the cranberries  i need to find more to add to this list "
gah! need highspeed! chat never works   sad 
smart and dumb are merely different points of view in this world    hence we are in big trouble  the world is flat afterall   wink 
i love violin music!
"take caution when someone says you're very sharp, they just might use you to stab something       surprise "
if you do not challenge yourself you will never realize your own potential 
"sing us a song and we'll sing it back to you  ~ paramore, 'my heart'"
"headstrong, i'll take you on  headstrong to take on anyone  i know that you are wrong and this is not where you belong  ~ trapt, 'headstrong'"
"if you were to slit my throat, with my one last gasping breath i'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt  ~ taking back sunday, 'you're so last summer'"
have high speed! 100 mb a second! wooo!
"some people just don't have the guts to fight for their own happiness  its very unfortunate, but very real  a true shame "
"high speed, so happy, woot woot  lol  smile "
xbox live ready!  laugh 
xbox live gamer tag: too7much7love
"don't kill the messenger people!    oh, crap i'm too late     they killed him already  i got dibs on his message!  laugh  lol   wink "
"overcome, people, overcome  of course i speak of overcoming being stupid    so overcome   wink "
"waaaaooooh, christian's inferno, waaaaaoooooh, christian's inferno  ah hahahaha  ~ green day, 'christian's inferno'"
"if one cannot overcome their own self, anything and everything that they do overcome in this life mounts to very little if anything at all "
had a very nice evening with miss <propfemale> nielson  smile 
"wickedness never was happiness  happiness never was wickedness    shout out to the world  what have we done, what are we doing? and they still won't answer back, because we all know too well we're not heading in a good direction  so the question remains  who are our enemies?"
we won't stand for hazy eyes anymore  ~taking back sunday
"ever get tired of being tired? ever get sick of being sick? ever get angry about being angry or depressed about being depressed? if so, you need to brush up on your vocabulary skills a bit   wink  haha "
"*cracks knuckles* ok, time to school some nooobz  and i am not talking about xbox live   surprise   nooobz beware, you don't know who you are yet, but i do  and that's the important thing   wink "
"ahhhhhh!!!! <propfemale>, you really need our help now "
"revolt against the honor to obey  ~ green day, 'know your enemy'"
"i'll see your argument and raise you a philosophical point     and you fold  gosh, there's no one to play cards with anymore!  wink "
"some people are just stupid lad, they can't help it  their heads just ain't screwed on right is all "
fear is the mind killer  ~ dune
"when you set yourself up for failure there ain't much you can do about it except un-set yourself for failure  until then, brace for impact! ahhh! <propfemale> always comes through "
"next time you point your finger i'll point you to the mirror  ~ paramore, 'playing god'"
"i'll make you a deal, when you stop being an idiot i'll stop looking at you with a blank stare  ;o lol "
getting to bed! tonight was awesome  thank you lexi and <propfemale>   smile 
"and when your heart stops beating i'll be here wondering 'did you get what you deserve?' the ending of your life  and if you get to heaven, i'll be here waiting babe  you get what you deserve  ~ my chemical romance, 'dead'"
"i'm not perfect you know    i have a dirt smudge riiight *looks for smudge* there! wow, all i need is some soap and i'm good   laugh       oh wait    dang it, i'm full of crap! so close, so close "
and then the good girls die  ~ the killers
"desperate, but not hopeless  the clock strikes midnight in the murder city  ~ 'murder city, green day  (idk, its just stuck in my head  lol ) *starts dancing*"
"i am not afraid to keep on living, i am not afraid to walk this world alone  <propfemale> if you stay you'll be forgiven  nothing you can say will stop me from going home  *guitar solo* ~ my chemical romance, 'famous last words' <------ awesome song! i love living!  laugh "
break the silence          wooooo!  laugh 
you built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic  ~ paramore
the mentalist is awesome! (tv show)
3 cheers for saying what you don't mean  and 5 cheers for getting a clue and saying what you meant to begin with  hooray 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! there aren't enough smart people in the world!
don't give up what you want most for what you want at the moment  ~ anonymous
i never wanted to fall in love again and then pop goes my heart 'pop goes my heart' ~ music and lyrics   its fun and catchy! lol 
"'i'm an addict for dramatics, i confuse the two for love ' ~ taking back sunday, 'liar'"
"a hero of war, yeah that's what i'll be  when i come home they'll be damn proud of me  ~ rise against, 'hero of war' good song "
and worst part is they think i'm actually buying the bs  lol  don't forget who you're talking to noobz   playful 
there ain't no rest for the wicked 
i'm moving on and looking brightly into the future   smile 
internet is back!  laugh 
i beg to dream and differ from their hollow lies  this is the dawning of the rest of our lives  on holiday  ~ green day
overcome 
"so today at work a grandma brought her granddaughter to see me at the checkout  cause according to her this granddaughter from texas would not be able to say she did not see anything great in washington if she saw me    yes, this caught me off guard  lol "
"the other day me and <propfirst> tried to see ninja assassin  we walked out the first 10 minutes  apparently ninja's are like giant blenders that spew meat chunks from the shadows  oh and bytheway, ninja stars are bettter then bullets because they're bigger    i guess? all i know is what we saw sucked and i want my 10 minutes returned to my life  lol "
call of duty modern warfare 2 is awesome!
people are very easy to read  the challenging part comes into play when you don't want to see what is truly there 
'we create our own veil to reality   in not feeling we fail   fodder for a corrupt twisted society ' ~ death machine
it means very little to believe in something that you do not act on  people will see your belief as empty words  and to be quite <propfirst> they are exactly right  one's meaning and opinion has no quality if their behavior contridicts it 
hip hop sucks    a message from the foundation for a better life 
if you don't speak your mind you're speaking someone else's    cause you're a pushover  oh 
"95% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> cullen standing on a skyscraper ready to jump  if you're part of the other 5% that would be sitting in the crowd, eating popcorn and yelling, \do a flip!\"" copy and paste this into your status """
lad don't let the world weigh you down  it's too fat to hold on to 
if you're not a straight shooter you're going to die in a gun fight  period 
and so begins the snow   surprise 
feels good to be growing up   smile 
i am not the weak willed  i will not give into facist beliefs  ~ all that remains
how to hunt for a snake in the grass: burn the grass 
avatar is uh-ma-zing! just had to get that off my chest  lol  picture of the year by far 
"if you do not oppose evil when it's among you, you have opposed that which is good  there is no fence in the greater picture of actions  every choice aids good or evil  no one is exempt  therefore do not fool yourself, but decide "
<propfemale> christmas world!  laugh 
"it's more than a feeling, more than a feeling  ( you know the song  wink  )"
now have rambo 1 and 4 on my ipod  woot!
"on the city streets the people look the same  ~ silverstein, 'your sword vs my dagger'"
'demon(s)' by darkest hour is officially a favorite song from guitar hero 5!
people don't like it when you see through them  *whispers* they take it personally  kind of pops their 'i'm so stealthy and cool' bubble 
"and one of these days we'll no longer betray ourselves anymore  we're falling back, the same way down  ~ darkest hour, 'demon(s)'"
i found my weapons of destruction on call of duty modern warfare! righteous!
"aye lad, people are not as smart as they pretend to be  but don't grow too angry with the deception, maybe if they get really good at pretending to be smart they'll learn how to be smart  unfortunately the stupid comes naturally and is a wee bit hard for them to control  however, there is always hope laddy   wink "
"if any of you lack wisdom, which you do  go out and freaking get some!  wink  lol"
on countdown for vacation to california in april!  laugh 
"why do people lie to themselves? easy  the truth is scary, it makes too much sense  mythical, ideal and proffered detached nonsense is so much more easy to swallow compared to involved, attached and realistic perspective that does not cater to one's insecurities "
"look, i know you want to look like a victim here, but you're still the idiot holding a gun  being a sloppy predator does not qualify you as a victim  however your qualifications as a fool are top of the class  ((disclaimer: this is not directed to any person, you can breathe now  lol   wink   ))"
"people, you probably are aware of this but i thought i would say it anyway    you're all crazy   surprise "
need     halo    movie    ahh!
facebook  your own personal peanut gallery for all life's up and downs   wink 
"finally got my copy of 'this is war' by 30 seconds to mars, and it does not disapoint   smile  it cries awesomeness with every sound!"
30 seconds to mars is so awesome!
"'a warning to the people, the good and the evil  this is war '"
"i don't know what it is but i will always love <propfemale> lavivigne's first album \anything but ordinary\""  it's a great album  very down to earth"""
glee has gone too far  they did a version of <propfirst> idol's 'dancing with myself' and it's horrible  they should have left <propfirst> alone!
"so many people suck at arguing and debating  you don't even have to have a comeback anymore  they open their mouth and it's over, you win! what is becoming of the world? intellectually speaking, i am so bored!"
it's too late to apologize    so accept this as my not apology 
"'i really hate to say it but i told you so! so shut your mouth before i shoot you down ol' boy ' ~ green day, st  <propfirst>"
if this ride is going to down in flames     i call shotgun!  laugh 
happy saturday everyone! i don't have to go to work today! woot!  laugh 
i love life! deal with it  lol 
i fought the law and the law won     i will be having an awesome comeback however  ;o
"<propmale>'s pointless point of the day: don't beat yourself up, there's plenty of insecure bullies out there that will do that for you  this way you contribute to our wonderful society   wink "
"oh, got a hair cut yesterday  i know you guys are really going to miss my lightning spikes  lol "
"i am now officially addicted to the tv show 'monster' on chiller  downside is that its anime (well its nothing like typical anime, which is probably why i'm enduring it lol ) but the story is crazy interesting  insane plot! i'm so hooked! (falls under mystery crime category )"
"<propmale>'s pointless point of the day ii : if ever you find yourself in a situation you don't like, take comfort in the fact that the situation doesn't like you either   wink "
put in my two week notice of quiting grocery outlet! joy is on the horizon!  laugh 
"beat mass effect 2  rip: <propfirst>, legion, grunt "
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  copy and paste this to your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
just saw 'the book of <propmale>' with <propfirst>  extremely good movie  thank you <propfirst> for getting us to see it!  smile 
"interpret the following line: \amongst the confusion we turn to illusion \"""""
'that's what you get when you let your heart win  waaaoooaahhooo! that's what you get when you let your heart win  woaaaaahoooaaoah!' yes i love paramore! and i'm not afraid to say it! been a fan for 5 years and counting!  laugh 
'come on get rhythm when you get the blues ' ~ <propfirst> cash 
keep your feet on the ground when your head's in the clouds 
"dear becu, please delete my internet checking account  a random personage enjoyed a $14 ticket to a <propmale> jon billy <propfirst> concert at my e playful ense  i therefore would like to delete this account so that this personage will no longer amuse him or herself at the e playful ense of my wallet   thank you "
"hey, don't write yourself off yet  it's only in your head you feel left out and looked down on  just do your best  do everything you can  and don't you worry what the bitter hearts are gonna say  ~ 'the middle' <propfirst> eat world"
"'stop, take some time to think  figure out what's important to you ' ~ against me (i don't even listen to that band lol  but the song has a good point i think  wink  )"
"i shot the sheriff but i did not shoot the deputy       i pulled off some sweet ninja moves on him, he was such a noob   wink "
i feel sorry for those of you who cannot apreciate the awesome talent of silverstein  they are quite a band 
happy birthday <propmale>! and to me as well of course   wink 
"'this union  a battle fought and lost  this union was not about the cost ' ~ silverstein, 'a shipwreck in the sand'"
"there you were under the street lights  and you're too drunk to notice that everyone is staring at you  you don't care what you like, the world is falling around you  you just have to see her, you just have see her    smile "
thanks everyone! i did have a hapy birthday   laugh 
time to get healthy  green smoothies here i come!  laugh 
my grocery outlet career is ovah!  laugh 
"'break away from everybody, break away from everything  if you don't like the way this place is take yourself to higher places ' ~ three days grace, break"
lol  people think they're actually smart  haha  that's a good one 
"salute to the impaired desperation that is eating up the brain from the inside out   and just like anything else none of you have a clue of what i am talking about  rhyme it, rhyme it   wink "
there's more to living than being alive  ~ anberlin 
"desperate, but not hopeless  the clock strikes midnight in the murder city "
"just watched time traveler's wife, i love that movie  though now i feel like i need a man cry  lol "
anberlin is awesome 
i have just been reminded how awesome halo 3 is  boo and ya  booy and ya
"the truth never set me free, so i did it myself  you can't be too careful anymore when all that is waiting for you won't come any closer, you have to reach out a little more  ~ paramore"
"sometimes i give myself the creeps, sometimes my mind plays tricks on me  it all keeps adding up, i think i'm breaking up  am i just paranoid, or am i just dumb? ~ green day  laugh "
"you call it fate, i'll call it <propfemale>  ~ silverstein"
life is good!  laugh 
"if love is a labor i'll slave till the end  ~ rise against, 'swing life away'"
"break away from everybody, break away from everything  if you don't like the way this place is take yourself to higher places  ~ three days grace, 'break'"
"people of the world, you are insane     not that you need a reminder or anything  ;p haha "
misery loves company  why else would it throw so many pity parties? it's either lonely and wants a hug or overbearing and annoying  hmmm   
"<propfirst> hoerner, we're getting a band together  who else wants in?  wink "
"let's compare scars, i'll tell you who's is worse  let's unwrite these pages and replace them with our own words "
not having a good day 
question with boldness  stand by the truth  speak without fear  ~ anonymous <propfirst> beck quote 
hooray      (idk  lol )
"i have quite a talent for making simple solutions complex it would seem   annoyed  this growing up thing sure is interesting  my 16 year old self would see no error in fighting fire with fire  but my 20 year old self is starting to realize that the goal is to put out the house fire  not burn down the house faster to get it over with, but actually save what you can and put that fire out "
"you quote the good book when its conveniant, but you don't have the sense, no you don't have the sense  ~ taking back sunday"
ah yes  my world domination plans are coming along quite nicely   wink 
lol  that guy got hit in the head with a coconut!
"for far too long these voices muffled by distances  it's time to come to our senses, up from the top  we give it all  now there's a reason why i sing  so give it all  and its these reasons that belong to me "
wake up 
"can you hear me? are you near me? ~ <propfemale>, my chemical romance"
"she never lets it go to her heart  she never lets it go that far  when they start talking, she starts walking right back to my heart  she never lets it go to heart  ~ <propmale> mcgraw (  oh yes, one of the classics   wink   )"
"it's just the price i pay for <propfemale> is calling me  open up my eager eyes, cause i'm mr brightside  ~ the killers  (yes i am totally posting a bunch of song lyrics)"
live everyday as if it were your last   smile 
time to take a nap 
"headstrong, i'll take you on  headstrong to take on anyone  i know that you are wrong and this is not where you belong  ~ trapt, 'headstrong'"
"this is a call to arms, gather soldiers it's time to go to war  this is a battle song, brothers and sisters time to go to war  ~ 30 seconds to mars, 'vox populi'"
du hast    du hast  *electric guitar*
looks like our 12 year old cat is dying right now   sad  she's had a good run though 
"watched 'the fourth kind' last night  i now know without a shadow of a doubt that alien abductions consist of two things: men and satan  sorry, there are no little green men involved as this movie will show with real documented footage  i'm so thankful for the priesthood in my life "
"you and me we're the same  asking for more, more than the numbing existence offered us all  what did they say? what did they do to make you crawl back in? despite everything that you've been through you're still right here  where i left you  we can lift up our heads to the sky find all of those strings that they're pulling and keep from falling back into our old rhythmic poses  turning us into machines  ~darkest hour"
first official work day at taco <propfemale>  wish me luck!
hello california (in two weeks!) !  laugh 
"and one of these days we'll no longer betray ourselves in anyway  ~ darkest hour,  demons"
i am tiiired  and dizzy for some reason    awesome saturday  lol   wink 
"'under pressure  pushing down on me, pushing down on me ' <---- totally getting my  <propfirst> bowie on   wink "
the braces are off!  laugh 
"i will not bow, i will not break  i will shut the world away, and i'll survive "
"ok, time to stop failing  it's time to get the game face on  sorry guys, you are going to be schooled  class is in session  oh yes, you read it right  i did just say that   boo-ya   wink "
everyone watch <propfirst> beck!
california countdown! better prepare myself here *plays beach boy music*
off to the <propfemale> of tacos 
"he doesn't look a thing like jesus, but he talks like a gentlemen like you imagined when you were youuunngggg  when you were yaaaaooouunnnggg  ~ killers, 'when you were young'  (totally held the notes there  lol)"
they will not force us  we will be victorious  ~ muse
"i am not afraid to keep on living, i am not afraid to walk this world alone  <propfemale> if you stay you'll be forgiven  nothing you can say can stop me from going home  ~ mcr"
off to california tomorrow at 5 am  woohoo!
half way to our destination! woohoo! 12 hours of driving is intense 
enjoying the warm and oh so <propfemale> california   smile  sidenote: general conference is awesome! between them and <propfirst> beck i have hope that many people will become sane   laugh 
"ok it's official, the sand dunes are awesome!  laugh "
"disneyland yesterday with a side of sun burn  today, california adventure with a side of more sun burn  lol  bring it on! woo!"
"e playful erienced my first rip tide at redondo on friday  that was fun  woohoo! the water was crazy, probably from all the earthquakes "
home sweet home   smile 
"albums i listened to from first to last song while traveling: discovering the waterfront (silverstein), a shipwreck in the sand (silverstein), hook me up (the veronicas), be not nobody (<propfemale> <propmale>), liberation transmission (lost prophets), overcome (all that remains), never take friendship personal (anberlin), this addiction (alkaline trio), brand new eyes (paramore) "
watch <propfirst> beck! i mean it!
"no one likes a smarty pants  hence no one likes me because i love these pants  they're great! all purpose, and very comfy   wink "
into the wild! on a mission *air guitar* (yes it's a song  haha)
today has the makings of a great day! why? because i say so!  wink 
"good evening my fellow <propfemale>ns, <propfemale>nees, and americonners  i have no idea what i just said, but i said it with a <propfirst> bush impersonation so that makes it funny  so laugh with me <propfemale>, laugh     *silence*     crickets: 'ha ha  loser '      i may have to rethink my jokes <propfemale> "
i submit that the south park version of poker face is better than the real version of poker face  lol 
had a very good day   smile 
the man who does not understand himself understands very little  all answers and truths gained are void if a man does not know what is in his own heart 
i am at some <propmale> crossroads right now 
"it is becoming increasingly obvious to me that all these crazy people do not realize they are crazy  hence i have to face the facts, look into the mirror and watch it very closely     wait  does that make me crazy?   "
"apparently fate has a sense of humor, <propfemale>, and irony all in one  so watch your step if you're against it  it may just school you kido   wink "
just got back from the dentist and my teeth are extra shiney   wink 
just on the phone with verizon for an hour    i need a nap  lol
grr  where did my sunshine go?
it's official i work at a fast food place  got flipped off today at the drivethru  and right as he drove off i simply stuck my head out the window and shouted 'you're welcome '  wink 
"\lift up our heads to the sky  find all those strings that they're pulling and keep from falling back \"" ~ darkest hour"""
"breaking <propmale>! live! tomorrow! woo!\well it's techinically nickelback, shinedown, and sick puppies too  but it's breaking <propmale> that i'm stoked for!"
failure comes to those who fear it the most 
"if god's the game that you're playing we must get more aquainted  cause it must be so lonely to be the only one that's holy  it's just my humble opinion but it's one that i believe in; you don't deserve a point of view if the only one you see is you  ~ paramore, 'playing god'"
"30 seconds to mars tomorrow!  laugh  so excited! got my sibs tickets for their bdays, first concert for them! gonna be awesome!"
30 seconds to mars      oh my goodness!! <propmale> leto rocks!!! ahh! amazingggg!!!!
the lawn uprising has been cut into submission 
i love living  but i really need to go climb a mountain or something   wink 
"and tonight the concert to top things off  yea, the <propfemale> on top of this awesome concert weekend     paramore!!!  laugh "
totally found an amazing profile pic   wink 
"i've been looking, i've been looking for  i've been looking for something more  (yes i quoted a country song   wink   )"
"my eyebrows ain't plucked, there's a gun in my truck  oh thank god, i'm still a guy  (do i even need to say who i'm quoting?  wink  )"
"standing on the rooftops, waiting till the bomb drops  this is all we got now, scream until your heart stops  never gonna regret, watching every sunset  listen to your heart beat, holding on what we feel  scream your heart out, scream your heart out  ~ the lost prophets, 'rooftops' <--- awesome song "
off to taco <propfemale> i go    yeah i know  i'm the envy of the nation   wink 
had an awesome night last night  danced with a live band  sweetness! and now i'm sick today  woohoo!
"life is good! all you doubters in your emo corners of poor me and boohoo my tears make a good beverage, you're missing out! woo!"
rise and rise again until lambs become lions  ~ <propfirst> hood
if we do not know for a surety what we stand for we are very little men indeed  and we need fear every wind that blows our way  we know not the future for we know not ourselves  and if we cannot know ourselves we can know nothing with surety 
"i don't know why, but i am very excited for life right now  it is very likely the next time you see me with my face in the mudd i'll have a huge smile for no reason at all \i'm really not afraid anymore  i always had a shell to protect me from people  keep me safe  but you know what? there's about as much safety as happiness in there  and i want more  so farewell insecure comrads  i am one of you no longer "
"what did they say? what did they do to make you crawl back in? despite all the things that you've been through, you're still right here      ~ darkest hour, 'demons'\music is poetry, poetry is the ultimate form of seeking and attempting to share understanding and meaning  any who know not it's power know very little of learning or understanding "
we have nothing to fear  not even fear itself  fear is just a little cat hissing and puffing up it's fur trying to act tougher than it is  and what happens when the cat is called on it's bluff? it runs away  this is the same with fear 
a-ha is awesome  don't know who they are? look 'em up   wink 
i wonder if in concert bon jovi picks one person to blame each show for giving love a bad name   wink 
"ugh  too much taco <propfemale> in one sitting    <propfirst> brown knows  lol \not doing that again  but i liked it too much, it's dangerous i tell you! lol  carrot juice is going to be my best friend tomorrow "
"need,,,,, car     must      drive!    so     close!"
"i am not afraid to keep on living, i am not afraid to walk this world alone  <propfemale> if you stay you'll be forgiven, nothing you can say will stop me from going home  ~ famous last words <------------------amazing song, if you don't know it you're missing out, look it up  (band: my chemical romance)"
24 series finally tonight! woot!
"note to everyone that got the dumb question on their wall, not me! stupid thing did it on it's own"
"can you hear me? are you near me? ~ <propfemale>, mcr"
"this nightmare won't last long  are you scared to sing this song? i'm right there by your side, and tonight we've got a <propmale>  sunrise sunset can you wash away the rain? sunrise sunset can you wash away the pain? ~ 'the last sunrise', aiden"
"just a small town girl, living in a lonely world  she took the midnight going anywhere  (i love journey   wink  )"
i look like i have some master scheme going on in my profile pic  why? because i do   surprise  lol   wink 
"conspiracy theory will forever be one of my favorite movies  ' i love you baby, and if it's quite alright i need you baby through the lonely night ' <-- (you have to see the movie to know what i'm talking about   wink  )"
"but where's your heart? but where's your heart? but where's your  and i know there's nothing i can say to change that part  to change that part  to chaaaaaaannnnggge  *guitar* so many bright lights they cast a shadow, but can i speak? is it our understanding i'm incomplete? <--- awesome people know what this is from   wink "
dear mother can you hear me laughing?
dancing with myself uh uh uh oh 
green day rock band this summer    i'm so getting it! woo!
just saw <propmale> of persia and i must say it was pretty sweet   laugh 
the bright light beams from her eyes like broken glass  or a broken heart  ~ silverstein
    on my own here we go  *guitar*
kingdom of heaven bluray directors cut = amazing 
"do as i say not as i do because the *crap's so deep you can't away  i beg to differ on the contrary, agree with every word that you say  talk is cheap and lies are e playful ensive, my wallets fat and so is my head  hit and run, and then i'll hit you again  a smart ass but i'm playing dumb  ~ green day, 'walking contradiction'"
you can't handle the truth!      you're hands are too small   wink 
life is an adventure  don't live it in your shadow 
the truth will set you free  but first it will make you miserable  ~ (can't remember who said this)
"sorry, the ends don't justify the means  the means create the end and it will justify itself in the light of truth "
"this is a call to arms  gather soldiers, time to go to war  this is a battle song, brothers and sisters time to go to war "
"new hair cut  sorry people, my 'i touched the - and + ends of the car battery' is no more  lol   wink "
even through the most dark of times i will always be happy in the simple truth that i am alive  i could never what it feels like to regret life  i love it too much  even when it sucks   wink 
"guy 1: i'm sorry, but i can't apologize for being awesome \guy 2: but you just apologized for not apologizing  i'll take that as an apology \guy 1: i    you    er      now you owe me an apology \guy 2: why?\guy 1: for hurting my feelings \guy 2:       "
"sing me something soft sad and elegant, or loud and out of key  sing me anything  we're glad with what we've got, done with what we've lost  our whole lives laid out right in front of me  sing like you think no one's listening  you would kill for this, just a little bit  just little bit  you would  you would "
declaration to the insane     hi 
in a land of make believe that don't believe in me  ~ green day
can you hear the music?
feeling the righteous pain after a glorious paintball day   wink 
"near, far, where ever you are  i believe that the heart does go on "
"i smell like tacos     no really, i do  i'm not joking "
she's the last of the amercian girls 
saw toy story 3 and it was great  lol  brings back memories 
"here's a story it's sad but true about a girl that i once knew  she took my heart and ran around with every single guy in town     hey hey, umbadadada hey hey, umbadadada hey hey  <----- name this amazing song if you dare   wink "
life is a gift and we cannot offer a greater gift  but we can offer a gift that compliments the first beyond measure  so i'll share with you my gift  i'll share with you my life  and i am most grateful for everyone being apart of it  my heart is full  this is the greatest adventure and i cannot hide my joy   smile 
"dance away the night with me  don't look, don't think  just feel and see "
"this is a warning, live without warning "
"long work day over, i'm pumped! *falls over*     *snore*"
"it makes me want to shout! a little bit softer now, a little bit softer now  aye ooo ehh aye!"
canadian independance day is clearly a taco <propfemale> holiday as well   wink 
"i give it all  now there's a reason why i sing  so give it all, and it's these reasons that belong to me  today i offer up myself to this i'm living for my dying wish  i give it all  now there's a reason, there's a reason to give it all  ~ rise against 'give it all'"
it is a hard thing to teach a man he has a heart when he cannot feel it beat within his chest 
"dear cigarettes, why are you around every corner i turn and in the face of nearly everyone? dear cigarettes, i hate you! you make me choke  get away from my fresh air! and mr booze  you'll get your lecture later "
message to all the shallow hearts      i love you  now grow up   wink 
i got a dollar tip at work today in the drivethru for being entertaining  lol  i love my job 
i submit that being awesome is a choice  not a condition  <----- this message brought to you by the truth  (don't forget the caps  wink  )
profile pic curtousy of '<propfemale>' (aka <propfemale> my sister ) love you sis   wink 
"hello, i've waited here for you everlong  <---- good song   wink "
<propfemale> la living  (everyone panicing and running in 20 directions) <propfemale> la living   wink 
"we choose who we are, we choose who we will become  do not make your choices lightly or the outcome is out of your hands  there are those who act and those who are acted upon  don't let your life pass by without ever knowing who you are  if you look in the mirror and see a stranger, stretch forth a hand of integrity and know that person  for we are our choices "
oh my goodness     inception  10 out of 10  best movie i've ever seen  wow  it was brilliant  i'll be suprised if it doesn't win some awards or at least nominated 
"you've lost your minds  i was honest i never promised anything  just a brotherhood to stand for something  and even if they disagree, follow your dreams  if you don't try you fail  ~ silverstein, 'a shipwreck in the sand'"
"they're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books and make a citizen out of you  because they sleep with a gun, and keep an eye on you son so they can watch all the things you do "
"if we can't learn from what we've done we'll never know what we've done, and what we're doing  and surely we'll be trodden under by any enemy who knows exactly what he's doing  <------ sun su, you didn't write this, but think about putting it in your book ok?  wink "
we were the kings and queens of promise  we were the victims of ourselves  ~ 30 seconds to mars
"what did they say, what did they do? to make you crawl back in  despite everything that you've been through you're still right here    where i left you  we could lift up our heads to the sky  find all of those strings that they're pulling  to keep from falling back into our old rhythmic poses turning us into machines  ~ darkest hour, 'demons'"
"alone in a crowded room    *sigh* story of my life  i am a pioneer on the road less traveled it would seem  i know who i am and i am unashamed  not many people can say that these days and i didn't know that  but here i am and here i stand  and i declare in strength there is a god in heaven that loves his children  he has not forsaken us, nor will he ever  wake up and remember who you are "
i fell apart and got back up again 
and i'm not alone  with the touch of your hand i am whole again  ~ all that remains  (awesome song)
"little girl, little girl why are you crying? inside your restless soul your heart is dying "
if you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything  legs cannot work if they are never used 
"walking birch bay at 11 pm is pretty awesome, not gonna lie  so peaceful and quiet by the water "
"people are quite funny, not gonna lie  in not telling you something they tell you everything, and the last person to know that is that one person that 'didn't' tell you anything  lol \oh when will i find a worthy opponent to have an epic jedi mind trick dual with? ;p haha"
"i walk this empty street, on the boulevard of broken dreams  where the city sleeps, and i'm the only one and i walk alone  *guitar*"
"dear people, it is coming to my attention how much you are not aware of your insanity and it is quite disturbing  i may start making preparations to survive the zombie apocalypse in which you will take part and i have no intention of letting you eat my brains  sincerely, jonathan\p s if there are any humans out there you're welcome to join me in my anti \zombie castle (complete with fiery moat and chainsaw barricade)"
and i leave behind this hurricane of *(messed up) lies  ~ green day
countdown to road trip  me and <propfirst> are going to yellowstone  leaving saturday morning   smile 
"i will not be online the 11th through the 26th  yes a true vacation   smile \so facebook i bid farewell come saturday   smile "
"in the spirit of adventure and conquering that resides in the souls of all man, i and my elder brother set forth  farewell people! life is what you make it!\we shall return when we return "
"dear halo reach, you're beautiful    and i love you "
"\i want to break every clock  the hands that turned will never move again  we could stay in this moment for the rest of our lives  oh is it over now? hey  is it over now? i want to be your last first kiss that you'll ever have  i want to be your last first love  i want to be your last first kiss \"""""
"in the day everything's complex  there's nothing simple, when i'm not around you  but i miss you when you're gone  that is what i do  ~ the cranberries, 'when you're gone'"
"'it was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing  it was a lie when they smiled and said you won't feel a thing  beneath the obvious scene we'll show them what we all mean  and if i'm so wrong how can you listen all night long?' ~ my chemical romance, 'disenchanted'"
"the truth will set you free  but first it is going to make you miserable  ~ <propfirst> <propmale>  (either <propmale> or <propmale>, but i think it was <propmale> )"
i'd stop the world and melt with you  i'd stop the world and yeah it's getting better all the time  there's nothing you and i won't do  i'll stop the world and melt with you 
b y u        branded young people unite  wait      <propfirst> you're ugly      no wait     buy your union   surprise  ! lol  i think i'm on to something here  rexberg is a dating service after all  <propfemale> <propfemale> don't you deny it!  wink  lol
hearsay is the jedi mind trick of the century  be sober in your judgments  be smart 
"anyone who wants to join my awesome train feel free  but leave behind \your crazy! no crazy fool allowed on my awesome train! unless it's my \kind of crazy that is  then we may make an exception  this is not a \double standard because <propmale>'s kind of crazy = awesome  so it makes \perfect sense   wink "
oh ye that sleep in thy slumber shall never see the sword of thy slaughter 
if you haven't realized you're insane yet you most certainly are 
"as it will be in the future, it was at the birth of man  there are only four things certain since social progress began  \that the dog returns to his vomit and the sow returns to her mire  \and the burnt fool's bandaged finger goes wobbling back into the fire; and that after this is accomplished, and the brave new world begins \when all men are paid for existing and no man must pay for his sins "
<propfemale> hartsock and myself are in the new thirty seconds to mars video 'closer to the edge' for about 3 seconds  it's not long     but still  woooo! my face was on tv   laugh  haha
"good eye sniper  i shoot, you run "
it's official  my unofficial official fan club now has an avenue for their good tastes   wink  lol  booya!
"now i'm not saying i'm sorry  one day i hope we meet again  no! no! no! i will never regret  no! no! i will live my life  ~ 30 seconds to mars, closer to the edge"
by their fruits ye shall know them 
"ode to the joys of life and all that comes with it   smile  not always fun, but it's good for us "
life is good and awesome!  laugh  and i go back to work in 10 hours! woot!
i saw the social network last night  pretty good movie  very interesting to see some history behind this site of the facebook   wink 
"a good friend is going to comfort you and tell you what you want to hear in times of trouble  a true friend is going to be there with alert soberness and tell you what you need to hear and raise alarm or caution if in danger  so are we seeking good or true friends? which are we being? what affect do we have on our friends by the kind of friend we are, and what affect do they have on us?"
bright days lie ahead   smile 
"'he said son when you grow up will you be the savior of the broken? the beaten and the damned? he said, will you defeat them? your demons, and all the non believers? the plans that they have made ' <---- name the song"
"another day has been conquered by the great <propmale> of the hartsock clan  wannabees and haters, i love to disappoint you  booya!  wink "
"dearly beloved are you listening? i can't remember a word that you were saying  are we demented or am i disturbed? the space that's in between insane and insecure  nobody's perfect and i stand accused, for lack of a better word and that's my best excuse "
"tonight the sky above reminds me how to love  walking through winter time, and the stars all shine     the angel on the stairs will tell you i was there "
"captains log, diet day 19 \the taco <propfemale> smelled very good today, and was very determined to lure the monies from my wallet as well as the self control of my being  i am glad to report that the adversary to my soul and dear friend to my love handles did not prevail  day 20 is in sight, oh the sweet smell of freedom   smile "
"when the cambrian measures were forming, they promised perpetual peace \they swore, if we gave them our weapons, that the wars of the tribes would cease \but when we disarmed they sold us and delivered us bound to our foe,\and the gods of the copybook headings said: \stick to the devil you know \"""""
sometimes pretending to be happy is the highest level of bliss realized by humanity  it is unfortunate and tragic    no illusion or high in the human mind can make up for the absence of joy  joy is founded in truth  he who loves a lie can love nothing greater for all greater things are beyond his reach 
i hope you never fear those mountains in the distance  never settle for the path of least resistance  promise me that you'll give faith a fighting <propmale>  and when you get the choice to sit it out or dance    dance  i hope you dance 
power to the underground music! heck yes!
"gah!     don't ask, the person knows who they are  lol  yes i'm going gah at you! ;p  lol"
i curse you ancient pc and your inability to handle my awesome music maker! sadness 
"this is more than entertainment, in this world so sick with pain  ~ rise against"
all i wanted was you  all i wanted was you  ~ paramore
"we reap what we sow      so don't get mad at me for loving my reapings! take some notes if you like my garden, don't go hating   wink "
"happy thanks giving everyone! may we take this time to remember the goodness our god has given us, and the many blessings and mercies he has shown on this great nation  let us always be thankful for present and past as we build a bright future with humble hands   smile "
"'so say you'll share with me one love, one lifetime ' yes, i was totally singing this song from phantom of the opera today     sort of     i'd like to think i was singing it  lol"
"'crash crash burn, let it all burn  this hurricane's chasing us all underground '"
got the new my chemical romance cd! heck yes!
rise and rise again until lambs become lions 
what's with everyone's cartoon profile pics? did i miss something? lol
"this is my official act against childhood abuse on facebook (and it's more effective than a cartoon picture)  ok here it goes        don't punch babies  you wouldn't like being punched as a baby let alone an adult  so don't take things out on another person let alone an innocent child  it's wrong \there we go  i think that sums its up "
"we are aware and know the hearts of fellow man  so let us act as such and help our brothers to stand  and now we offer this small bit of wisdom  the heart it came from will set you on your way  ignorance will crush us,\ destroy all that we have  so let us rejoice that the power's in our \hands  to shape us and make us keepers of fellowman  so let us rejoice \that the power's in our hands  ~ all that remains"
it has been proven that 15 minutes of air guitar everyday increases your natural <propfirst> flow 
my new lap top is awesome   laugh 
and now the crossroads     vocals or no vocals? hmmm 
so dark the con of man   
phantom of the opera music     enough said  legit is legit   wink 
what did they say? what did they do? to make you crawl back in  despite everything that you've been through you're still right here 
crazy crazy crazy life  to the point where all i can say in response is    woo! again again! woo! oh yeah! woo! <propfemale> totally digs me  lol 
haha seahawks win  woot 
say beatles i say beethoven  haha  i win 
life is good despite the amount of monkeys flinging poop at you   wink 
"<propmale> and <propmale> farro left paramore last month and i somehow didn't know until now  this has been building up for a while, but now that the founders of the band have left tis very sad  it will be interesting to see what happens now  paramore will not be the same "
"dude, i'm spying on my house via google satellite imaging  it's sweet!     should i be worried?  surprise "
"gravity don't mean too much to me  i'm who i've got to be  these pigs are after me, after you  run away, like it was yesterday  when we could run away, run away from here  ~ mcr bullet proof heart"
"so i made a twitter <propfemale> and what do i with it? poke and prod random celebrities and see if any respond  also i challenged <propfirst> swift to play halo  lol  or the <propfirst> swift poser, either way i challenged a <propfirst> swift entity to play halo  lol"
facebook makes it too easy to mess with people sometimes  lol 
run away  from the river to the sea  and find out that your face is down inside the gutter  you're a stray from the salvation army  there ain't no place like home when you got no place to go  ~ green day
"<---- woah, look at my midget self! my ears are huge  see this is why i can hear high pitch rings   wink  lol"
running out of blood to bleed  sorry vampires 
"pop music is brain wash  i'm copying and pasting lyrics to prove it  tonight's conspirator <propfemale> spears  she's a big deal for reason  cultural tendencies are such fragile things, very easy to condition a mind set in young generations  <propfemale> and her club get 5 stars tonight in this regard due to how accepted her music's ideology is as human nature in today's young minds  brava "
wow it's <propfemale> out     party! lol
music is awesome!
thanks for all the happy birthdays guys  sorry i really didn't check my wall until just now  lol
new song up  zs10  1 word  zombies   surprise  lol
at some point in our history reason became madness and madness became reason  the main thing that sucks is that a lot people still don't care 
i hate to burst your bubble everyone but  what you do today decides who you are tomorrow  you can deny it and dismiss it but you will always prove it right in the end  so how about we start being honest with ourselves? excuses only buy us more time in denial which in effect places us in the chains of slavery forever serving our habits  let's be honest with ourselves everyone 
well it's official  i have been called to serve in the knoxville tennessee mission   smile 
some things in this world are just gross    i will refrain from saying what in order to not offend anyone    this time   wink  muwhahaa!
i think i just pieced together my first symphony on the piano today   smile 
"each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst of us good  ~benjamin <propmale>"
"principle is what speaks through time  opinion's will remain opinions, \and facts will remain facts as men's perception and awareness of them continue to vary  ~ me"
"ancestor quote of the day: \when you are winning a war almost everything that happens can be claimed to be right and wise \"" ~ <propmale> churchill"""
when everything's made to be broken  i just want you to know who i am   
"ancestor quotes of the day (i couldn't choose just one! lol) \\\clothes make the man  naked people have little or no influence on society \""\",49 laugh ef5636dae44b5471c122326d0c88,people will continue to be people    therefore i will continue to be a mad genius   wink 
countdown to three days grace     surprise 
"one day, i will meet my match  one day    lol "
"apparently <propfemale> has a spanish cousin, and her name is <propfemale> black  lol"
holy crapshakes! <propfemale> black is making money  turns out it does grow on trees!  laugh 
i'm mr bright side!
crazy train      crazy crazy crazy     train     it's a very crazy train  preach it ozzy 
"dallis is off his mission, holy pizzaroni!     yeah i don't get the pizzaroni thing either  lol"
hide your body when the sunlight dies  everybody hide your body from the scarecrow    everybody hide 
"ok i have no idea what it was i just deleted off my wall, but sorry people "
"march 27th, 2011  21st year of life \dear journal, it would appear the byu zombie horde is taking interest random objects  a cube cult has sprouted on the grid and is taking hold  this will buy me some time, but their hunger for brains will not be ignored forever  they've almost finished their own  evac to knoxville will commence in 2 months  i hope i can survive this outbreak, it's getting dicey "
my chemical romance is awesome 
"talents are earned  there is no cosmic or any form of coincidence in the fruit of sown seeds  if you believe you cannot achieve something or see yourself incapable, it will not be your abilities or inabilities that hold you back  only the faith you never had in your own hands    and that is why you fail  talents are earned  ~ <propmale> hartsock"
rock band 3 is sweeeet  however  circles are still cooler than lines  hence i submit rock band buys out guitar hero for copyright of it's circles     lol
i saw an angel    of that i'm sure   smile 
my sister is engaged         and i'm leaving in a little over a month     holy smoked crackers over chili batman  we're growing up  lol 
"i love phantom of the opera music     that's right, i'm listening to it right now  all i ask of you   laugh "
<propmale> zimmer was totally in a 80's band  the guy is legit  lol 
<propfemale> is the icon of binge drinking     that's about it  lol
"<propmale> tennessee is within my mission boundries! for those of you don't know why i think that's freaking cool, it's cool because <propmale> tennessee is the hometown of paramore   laugh "
2 more songs to finish    so close 
a million little pieces we've broken into    <--- name that song  and for those of you who know it already because of me you can't answer  lol 
can't learn if you don't listen 
"at this point of the game osama live or dead makes little, actually no difference  his employer puppeteer remains anonymous and not looked for in the public eye  still a bright sunshine filled day on their side of the fence  what? you don't think he did what he did on his own incentive and resources did you?"
"now everybody do the propaganda! and sing along to the age of paranoia  *electric guitar* welcome to a new kind of tension, all across the alien nation, everything isn't meant to be okay  television dreams of tomorrow, we're not the ones who are meant to follow  for surely that's enough to argue "
