dee1d77551de187707d2446b088f0012
so sad   he was only 49 
lost again at cards tonight   grrrr
today turned out to be a great day!  hope everyone had fun 
loves thunderstorms
love the chainsaw juggler on agt   lol
loves working 12 hour days
saw the tall ships today - so cool
spoiled 4 yr old lexi today  smile 
hates mondays
can't wait to see <propmale> <propfirst>!!!  4 more days!!!
just got back from an incredible concert!!!
has 29 trees
make that 30 trees - thanks <propfemale>!
is currently bored
is watching disco e playful losion on gbh
loves getting home from work at 10 surprise 0 at night
is already bored with fish world
think she posted the same video 5 times by mistake!
had the lousiest day today
wants 5 more cats
just discovered myxer   cool site 
is loving the snow
is listening to old fashioned records and attempting to play pool with old friends
word for the day: tomfoolery
needs a good deal on a round trip ticket to ca
hates mondays
is leaving for cali in 2 days
is home from ca  and missing it already    sad 
is not looking forward to going to work tomorrow
made it through the day without killing her boss   he was actually in a good mood surprisingly enough 
is way too hyper right now
is it 5 surprise 0 yet?
trying out the new mexican restaurant in town- agave   1st on the menu is a <propfemale> cuz i need one 
go habs!
"is going to kill her sister for leaving behind a bottle of wine, port wine cheese, pepperoni and reduced fat triscuits "
is not having a good day already and it's only 7 surprise 4am
loves the smell of the air after it rains
11 <propmale> and counting   
crossed the finish line!  20 <propmale> baby!
needs to get out of banking
is off to baltimore
feels like she's at fenway park in baltomore 
is quite fascinated by dark matter
had a great day with old friends despite the rain
"cant believe how many times her computer has said \congratulations! you've won!\""  still waiting to find out what i've won aside from spyware """
needs a change
happy friday!
thank you!   smile 
finally has some color   it may be fire engine red but it's better than white   (i say that now)
wants to know why alcohol makes you want to eat everything in sight!?
loves the sat night karaoke with all 2 people   lol
is off to the geek squad 
saw despicable me for the 2nd time   love it!
is about to watch pride & prejudice for the 100th time
is listening to the good old 80's music
loves camping in heavy rain   exciting
had the best time camping in the white mts   not looking forward to going back to work   boo
was robbed yesterday afternoon   thanks for stealing my rings and my husband's wedding ring   its time like this when i'm happy to not have much to steal 
would like to know how a place can serve french toast without powdered suger   that's like serving french fries without salt!
is lovin the piggy bank in disney on ice   lol
watching the original outer limits from the 60s   wow amazing what was state of the <propmale> back then   lol
was in the <propfirst> vuitton store for like the 1st time ever and it  got robbed   how does domeone steal a whole wall in the middle of the copley mall?
"had a great girly day with her 14 yr old niece   manicure¡, make-up, shopping & chocolate   what more can a girl want?"
finally had a taste of sentarpio's   excellent
cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends  repost this if you have any cousins that have made you smile ?
is looking to buy her 1st laptop if anyone is interested in selling one 
loves to dine out   no dishes
who else has problems fitting their calves into tall skinny boots?  so annoying 
is wondering why her pc keeps creating a new desktop every time she tries to log in   have had to restore 3 times already   uggh
"watching bride &  prejiduce, halarious"
is happy to be doing nothing today   relaxation!
is at kowloons thanks to <propfemale> & <propfemale>!
"my little nephew <propmale> proceeded to navigate to all his favorite chanels using the remote control   disney is 24, <propmale> is 25, cartoon  network is 60 and golf is 69!  golf??!!  lol"
would like to know how her cell phone <propmale> got to be $300 00
off to the animal hospital for my poor sarabi at 3:15 am   not gonna be a great day  
is looking forward to starting vacation tomorrow after this 14 hour work day 
"is on the west coast in monterey, ca on a perfectly <propfemale> day"
is attempting to fly home today from ca 
loves coming back to work after vacation   i think i'll be here til midnight   uggh
thank you everyone!  i feel as old as the hills   lol
needs a name for her new kitten  smile 
just ordered a double scotch with a twist of lemon   why does the wait staff always give a double take when i order that?  i need it after this week   lol
"accidentally deleted an entire work folder in outlook   no, not 1 e-mail, 1 folder   is it 5 surprise 0 yet?  lol  oh and if anyone knows how i can get my folder back please share!  off to google now  "
is pulling an all nighter of battlestar galactica starting with episode 1
just tried a dirty martini with gin   yuck   i'll stick to the vodka thank you
hates verizon mobil broadband!  finally cancelled the stupid service after getting booted off the internet like 10 times 
just found out that her kitten is actually a male!  guess the name <propfemale> will need to be changed   lol
just kicked her own butt at the gym   what a feeling!
ok   if you were charged for one item that you paid for with your debit card that later posted to your checking account twice; how many of you would e playful ect to bring your bank statement to the merchant to prove it?
had so much fun working out to lady gaga   what an energy pill
is just starting the night out with the girls
is listening to someone sing <propfirst> bocelli at karaoke and i'm in love   jk  but he's awesome!
is on her way to vermont   perfect day for it too 
"cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately     re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!!\you all know who you are?"
is ultra annoyed that she keeps pulling a lower ab muscle at the gym   trying not to get discouraged   any suggestions for good ab stretches?
never realized that going backwards on the elliptal machine is a totally different workout than going forward!  tough challenge 
loves fire drills on beautiful <propfemale> days
is not impressed by the blackberry phone   time to move on to something better 
???happy anniversary baby ???
<propfirst> is wondering why the shoe store doesn't have peds in the men's section   lol!!!!
is enjoying a nice day at settlers green in n conway   smile 
