1d7949404b8753d50041d1e52964a647
just got a facebook   somebody hit me up
just got home from school and i hav so much 2 do!
looks like we're finally going to school tommorrow    it was fun while it lasted
well now that the formal stuff is out of the way its time for amtc
tired   gotta finish this work than i'm crashin    yup
back from auditions   now its up to god 
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i made it! thank god!
oscars baby!   one day ill win one smile 
<propfemale> won an <propfirst>! you go girl
i love the oscars
so much work    tryin to finish this genetics project but its killin me
one more day    then its the weekend smile 
im so relieved i got all my makeup work done!!! another audition at the mall   text me
well that was fun! cant wait to ball tommorrow  if anyone wants to come were goin at around 1 surprise 0
tired   bed   night
gotta make money so i can go to florida   anyone got a job they need done?
work 11 surprise 0 to 5 surprise 0   uhh
man this time change got me spaced out   might hit the hay early     nah
rush hour 3 is a great movie!
"been out and about all day, got shoppin done, got my hair done, now im so fly fly as i can be!"
northern iowa beat kansas   wtf      go vols!
bout to eat then do some cleanin   txt
so tired    bout to take a nap  well deserved rest for a man who finished two essays in one night! im gonna make a conscious effort to increase my sleep time from 3 and a half hours night to at least 7  25 days till prom? ive been pretty much anti social today    yeah and good old mrs  aslinger just keeps on piling work on me like its my only class   even though it is smile  im going to sleep now       
"slept way too late today, it was worth it though! spring breaks been great so far  got lots of things planned to make it even better!"
finally off work  that was the most grueling task ive had to endure in quite some time    but my day is only going to get better from here smile 
"went to da movies with a great person           why did i get married too        it was fun  everyone should go see dat movie to cause if i say its good, then its good, so go see it   yup  txt night "
"got a lot on my mind but im happy right now   bout to go walk my dog <propmale>, the best dog ever, txt!"
yeah! go duke!!! i called it!!!!!
chillin wit my boy <propfirst>!!
"back from my trip to pigeon forge  i think thats how u spell it? lol   got swagged out and had tons of fun! kinda tired right now but it wont last long   txt, no ya want to smile "
i feel like my head is spinning sometimes   so busy i forget i'm only 18!     but that's just how i like it   lol
"bout to be ballin!!!!! tommorrow  wish me luck, wait i dont need it!"
teachers got us today but its straight   i was ballin do lol   go seniors!!!!!!
"tired   today was fun though, got to do what i love to do  work in the mornin     yeah"
one and a half hours left   i can make it!!!
im off!      time da grub   smile 
startin da countdown  exactly one week till prom!
"at work wishing somethin interestin would happen   on a more positive note though, six more days till prom  three and a half more hours till i get off  sad "
"today was a drag   the mock crash was intense though, great acting job on their part  i'll definitely stay safe on that night!"
just got thoroughly entertained by the hixson high school theater program  great job y'all  prom in 2 days!!!
one more day till prom!!!!!!! i'm so ready  me and my date are gon be so fly smile 
"i dont even  care about da rain, prom is only a few hours away! i'm so crunk i can't stand it    yeah  smile "
prom was great as e playful ected! class of 2010 we did it big!!!
finished my capstone   yes!   now off to bed!
"<propmale> brown, \imma luv u right\""     dang"""
"l to da o, v to da e, k to da i, n to da g, i dont know      but all im tryin da say is u should know me like that(dream) got to perform today, it was great! now im chillin  smile "
"your man said get my money up, get my money up, so i, went and got my money up, and now i got this money up! goin to da soccer game, go hixson"
"look to god when u need guidance, he will show the way "
"couldnt wait for my good friend da weekend to come and visit me, we gonna have a good time!(chillin wit <propfirst> later) i actually dont work tommorow so i gotta find somethin to get into! go seniors!!!"
back from hangin   tired  pizza time!!!
<propmale> vs  boston at 8 surprise 0    all da true cavs fans tune in  im so pumped and i aint even playin!!! <propmale> <propfirst> is in da buildin!!!! boston yall had a good run        but its ova  ova!!!
lebron won mvp  lebron will get his first ring  lebron is the best if you ask me  one more week of high school  can't believe it  new york im comin soon!
"didnt get to stay at school and im thinkin, thats one more day i couldve shared with my fellow seniors  oh well  in the test of life theres no time for makeups  smile "
okay game 2 is under way  lets get it in  go cavs!
"so at least five people have told me i look like omarion in the past three days, guess ill take that as a compliment smile "
im officially done wit high school! yeeeeeessssss! still gotta actually walk on the 15th but u know wat im sayin  im done!
"lupis pizza, mmmm, lebron is ballin, yea, lifes good right now!"
"work,work,work, no time for friends, relationships,fun,or family      thats all bout to change in a few days though just u wait  new york,concrete jungle where dreams are made of, theres nothing u cant do  new york here i come!!!!"
happy mothers day momma! i love you smile 
"hahah, its 11:55 and i just woke up, wish i could say the same for yall still in school but   lol"
"so i drove by hixson high school today and        idk     thought, wonder whats goin on in there?    im gonna kinda miss-nah! im more excited about whats goin on in the real world now! cant wait to walk!!!"
bout to watch my brother perform at the hixson middle school  i think performin is in our blood 
bout to watch my brother perform at the hixson middle school  i think performin is in our blood  except he ain't passionate bout actin like me  he a dancer!
just got back and my brutha deryk killed his solo! i'm so proud!!!
goin to work!
older women hittin on me? guess i'll take it as a compliment?    lol at least they was fine  haha
well work was fun   sorta  gonna ball tommorow just dont know when   wanna come just txt
"so excited my relatives are comin to town! i get so crazy when they come visit, cant wait!"
cavs lost             sad (((
"every mornin u go to starbucks to get coffee, i be at the bank like get this cash off me-\joker\""   aaayyyy smile      i wanna go see iron man tonight but im so tired! well see"""
im graduated!!!!!
goin to new york tommorow!!!!!!! finally i get a taste of what it means to be a new yorker and what real fashion really is! so excited! ill miss my pals here though too!     a little lol
i'm in new york! finally!  smile 
just woke up   that was a very late night smile  so i been here for a few days and   i love new york! ive already seen more models in one day then i have my whole life back home  the whole vibe of new york is just amazing  i kinda miss some people back at home but im havin too much fun to dwell on it right now  i still got love for chattown though and ill be back before yall even know it 
hmmmmmm      goin back to sleep now smile 
"so i think last night was the best night of my life smile  yo i'm so lucky to have such an awesome uncle  uncle, thank you for one of the best trips i've ever taken to new york!!!"
omg my picture is on their website?! yesss!!!!! e playful osure!  smile 
is back in tennessee!!!   but will be leaving for florida soon smile 
the rain held up  the cookout is awesome!!!
that was way to much freakin rain! umma pray for everyone out there on the roads  please be safe
hehe   girls are strange in so many ways  they get so flustered when they know u got their number
"omg, i just had the biggest case of road rage ever! traffic was pure heck  so glad to be home!"
"its confirmed   im a singer songwriter smile        oh yea, go lakers!!! kobe doin work, lets get it in!!"
today is my little sisters birthday! she eight years old today  imma take her out to the movies later on today  just not sure which movie yet lol  love u sis smile 
"\ teach me how to dougie\"" is officially my favorite song   for today at least  everyone needs to come over so we can do it together  i'll teach all of u how to do it!"""
"didnt get to go to church this mornin, but goin tonight for a graduation banquet  i love my church! i know theres gonna be good food too!"
"so summer has been great so far, minus the not spendin one day with any of my friends yet  oh well, headed to florida tommorrow! i can feel the sand between my toes already!"
"the \joker\"" is quite possibly one of the best young rappers alive  yup i said it!"""
is so tired and relieved to be comin back home! oh and haha to all potter fans cuz i got to ride the new ride at universal before you  smile  lakers gonna win it all!!!
back home! just relaxin now  hit me up smile 
"just got back from work and feels back to his old self  \\glad to finally be back at work gettin that money again! thank god i still had a job to go back to  wink \\excited about orientation! bout to be college bound! life is good  god is good "
"is really freakin upset that he cant get anyone from his college to assist him right now!\\ahhhhhhhh!!! i just wanna get registered for college, is that so hard? words cant even e playful lain the frustration im feelin right now "
important things goin down tommorrow  gotta get some rest tonight  tommorrow should be a great day god willin   wink 
is sayin why should i be sad bout some petty stuff when i got a million other reasons to be happy for! life is good   wink 
is sayin its official    my new team is officially the miami heat!!! lebronnnnnn!!!!!! i knew it! dang!!!
"is back from his advisory appointment and just remembered hes gotta work at 3\\go heat!!!"
"is goin to see a sneak peek of buffalos and get some wings! yea, my family loves bdub that much lol "
"is sayin dang, i gotta work again today, but its okay cuz im makin so much paper! \\cant work on an empty stomach though   to bk!!!"
"is glad orientation is over and supa hyped bout college! \still need mo $$$$ dough  if u wanna <propfemale> get at me   \                                                                            (god is good)"
"is watchin \the departed\"" on fx  this movie off da chain!"""
"my body is all cut up and bruised, i supa dupa tired  this is gonna be a fun day at work!"
"will be hoopin at 2, then shower and then work \lord knows how imma play with a screwed up hand, but its gonna be fun no matta what "
"just got done watchin the <propfemale> show   erica badu is an amazin woman  other women should try to emulate her style and not take life so seriously  alright, todays been another evenful day  tired as anythin  night"
"has work at five  yea! money money money money, money!"
"is sayin, im gonna be great and do somethin truly memorable and influential one day, so god thanks for all the blessings in advance!"
"is watchin grease, a classic! cant believe <propfirst> travolta used to look like this  oh to be an actor     "
is goin to vacation bible study tonight   love you momma  wink 
"is sayin dang    that was a powerful message i just recieved at church  preciate it pastor! now im bout to demonstrate how much my brother appreciated it  \me: deryk are you sleep?\deryk:zzzzzz\me: (whisper)deryk!\deryk: snore!!!   what, what, i been awake this whole time!\20 seconds later me: hey deryk i   \deryk: snore, yea, amen!\me: fine, get ya snooze on then    told you you was out cold\deryk: zzzzzzz\lol!!!"
"work   im sooooooooooo tierd    im not gona make ti  somebody pray for me   \oh, and inception after that    yeey"
"is sayin inception is one of the best movies ive seen    ever  think of shutter island(another one of my favorites) and the matrix mixed together  that what inception is like  no weak acting on anyones part really, except the foreign dude, yea it was great!!!!!!!!! when i see movies like this it just makes me want to be an actor even more!"
"feels like the butler off of fresh prince(one of my favorite shows ever) cuz he been cleanin all day! sunday is supposed to be the day of rest, so now imma just chillz for a min   bed lookin pretty good, <propmale> <propmale>'s on, maybe chill for an hour   lol"
"is probly gonna break out the old golf clubs today  yup, they call me da next tiger woods!(except without the insatiable need of hookers   lol) naw tiger's still my hommie  anyway, if ya wanna join me you know how to reach me "
"yea   might have to hold off on the golf today  kinda bumbed, oh well, movie time!"
"is bout to go hoopin at <propfemale> in a few   imma balla 4 life!\straight tierd from work though   "
"slightly dissapointed i was crampin the whole time i was hoopin, but hey, even kobe had a bad game  as long as im ballin im happy  \oh and shout out to dem all n***az from back in the day  i love yall \(no homo)"
"woke up this mornin and his legs were in enormous pain!\gotta work at five so hopefully ill be able to walk normally by then lol\anyone wanna give me a massage?"
is back from work   and exhausted! meeting with artistic director of the theater program tommorrow  life never stops!
is kinda tired right now but really excited about his monologue!
"deffinitely just started really lookin at this monologue thing  maybe its time to step down as the <propmale> of procrastination and let someone else take the throne  out of high school now so i cant be so childish   \\ps  eerrbody wish my brother a happy birthday tommorrow  he's 14!\pps  happy birthday obama!\ppps  shout out to my peeps still in high school: hahahahahaaaaaa!"
is supa amped right now!!! deffinitely just got accepted into the acting program! killed my monologue! thank god  laugh  really couldnt be any happier right now   
"is excited about what the day has in store for him! work at 12 then partay later  \cant wait for college now! sept 7th son, imma be in that thanggg  laugh "
spent some quality time with my lil sister at the movies today  saw the tooth-fairy  it was really good too! back home at the moment but i'm going back out to get my brother school supplies for his first day of high school! im such a great big brother  wink 
so it is just hitting me  tommorrow is the first day of school   for everyone still in highschool which excludes me  this is such a weird feeling  to all my hixson seniors: have an amazing senior year with no regrets  make every moment count  it will be go by soooo fast  imma miss a lot of yall    class of 2011 do it big!!!
man   i just cant wait to go to college! i'm finally gonna get to do what i've always wanted to do   laugh  hella bored right now though and still dont have my phone back yet 
"today was a good day for several reasons   thank god for letting me enjoy another one \oh and can't wait for college to start!"
i'm so happy i got my cell phone back after what has seemed like an eternity  time to call some people up now cuz i know some people are mad at me lol
why do today what you could put off till tommorrow? because tommorrow is not promised today  live everyday like it could be your last  be the best that you can be at all times and that way you will have a blessed and fulfilled life!  laugh 
really wants to be at the game tonight    but ill definitely be at the soddy game if i'm in town  go hixson!!!
"is amped and ready to see \takers\"" tonight!\",1d7949404b8753d50041d1e52964a647,"is glad that he is now dating more quality girls than before  \first day of college=awesome"
"well i guess i'm stuck in chatt since school started  can't wait for my real classes to start  i know that  god wants me here for now so i ain't complanin  \oh and found a cool shawty to <propfemale> with today so i'll just take it one day at a time   laugh "
"where, is, my, phone!!!!!  sad  cut off from society  had fun today ballin and saw someone today that brings back funny memories  first actin class tommorrow!!!  laugh "
"sittin in theater thinkin, this is what i was born to do   laugh "
"today has literally been one of the best days of my life  a new begginning, a new chapter in my life, a fresh start   thank god   laugh "
"loves acting school and hates history  still life is great and i'm thankful   laugh  \oh, and to a certain someone who won't be mentioned, just because i only wanna be friends doesn't mean i despise you lol    we can still talk, let's just be friends     laugh "
"school, is, amazzzinggg!!!  laugh  life is amazing\lots of work to do!"
"today was great! much like everyday  love school but i have sooo much to do  starting to learn pilates, which is ammmmazzzzing  anybody got an extra yoga mat? lol   seriously though  have to study a play, will smith participated in it though so its all good  party sometime in the near future  i so jazzed right now i just thank god  \\future movie star\"""""
"fiinnnnnaaaalllly off work   smile  saw <propmale> <propmale>'s skinny ass today lol  7 surprise 0 you already knowww  go vols!!!! oh and i still need a yoga mat if anybody's got one  thanks \\\da boss\"""""
"this will be one thing i miss about high school  homecoming week  and homecoming dance  i hope hixson's football team at least wins this one game  \can't wait for class tommorrow! but i still need to read through these scenes first    oh well  thank god for lettin me live another week  life is grand   laugh \\\da boss\"""""
"got our scenes assingned to us today and our partners   smile  super excited but there's sooooo much work to do  i have a little free time though so i'm deffinitely about to spend some more time on my song  thank god for another great day  deuces!!!\\\da boss\"""""
today was great! i love acting  also i found a long lost friend  facebook you aren't completely useless after all lol  goin to the high school game today  yall better keep it interesting tonight   smile  then probly buffalos after  thank god for another good week!
"gotta work today, blaarggghhsh!!! it's okay though  oh and just so yall know i don't have my phone  i'm not ignoring you, i simply do not have it right now  so don't text me  i'm still gonna make the best of this weekend though!  smile "
"today was another great day, minus me still not knowing where my phone is  i just wanna say i been blessed by god and life's good right now shawty  laugh "
mmmmmmm   tacos   laugh 
"got a new phone and doesn't have anyone's number  if you still wish to communicate with me in the future, inbox me your number  to the people who this doesn't apply to, stop being nosy readin my status!!! lol\\oh, and also i got to witness a full body tremor today in class  i guess the only way to describe it would be     \wow\"""""
"is sayin lol girls can be so silly sometimes, especially when you've got their number \ today was fun, but i got so much s**t to write for class its borderline hysterical  excited about friday for multiple reasons  wink  aight night "
"is sittin here waitin for improv to start  also just learned a new language in voice  \omnish!\"""""
"just came back from one of the best shows i've seen in forever  to my theater people, you guys are awesome!!!"
that was probbrably the dumbest and most sickening thing i've seen in a while     i just feel sick  ut fans you know what im talkin bout   sad 
"whelp, i gotta go to work this mornin so no church for me  still, i gotta say thank god for letting me ge this far  another week completed   laugh "
"is sayin you ever tell a friend your number, then see a couple girls listenin hard as hell and think ya shoulda just texted them? i feel like that now \also scene study=good times  smile "
apparently i discovered a new part of myself that i usually hide from myself and others in improv  today was a good day  smile 
"\the good news is its only you  the bad news is its only you \"" <propfemale> landrum\",1d7949404b8753d50041d1e52964a647,is goin to a show at 7 smile 0 then later on tonight gonna get the ish scared out of me at the <propmale> of fear  should be fuuuuun   smile 
"it's so hard to be the bigger person sometimes  but i know i'll be rewarded for it eventually  some women are just straight b****es sometimes though i swear  \oh well, tommorrow gonna be straight so let me get off my soap box and get this body wash   laugh  and shout out to dj poetic!!!"
"today was a great day  got lots of stuff done  i love college   smile  smile  smile \oh, and this is random but i was just watchin the bet awards and all i can say is waka flocka flame should not have the title of rapper, rather he should be known as the crazy hype man with dreads that he really is "
"dude, don't you hate it when someone knooooooowss they are wrong about somethin, and instead of ownin up to it like a real man or women, they just argue and try to blame you??? that's such bull! \\still can't complain though  thank god for another great day   laugh "
"got my scene work down, yeeeeeah!! now i can focus on all my other work  the difference between college and high school though is that i am perfectly willing to do this work and its actually fun   laugh  thank god for another great day \\oh and <propmale> is a beast!!!(inside joke)"
"nba basketbaaaaaaall!!! i love it! lebron, d <propmale>, black mamba, aaaahhhh!  laugh \i'm so happy  i wanna go out and hoop it up right now who's with me??? lol"
"is so freakin happy!  laugh  today i saw zombies infect a whole campus, an awesome thriller tribute, and a friend of mine propose during a live performance  one my my best months of the year by far   smile "
"just watched an epic new zombie horror series on amc with dom, <propmale>, and <propfirst> gilliland  baked chicken time now, then i'll crash \\peace "
is sittin here rollin cuz my brothers gettin his hair braided for the first time and he's pretty much cryin! lol  too funny! also had tons of fun performin on friday  this weeks been pretty baller 
"theres nothin that makes me happier than meetin a woman who is truly beautiful inside and out, (though it was just first impression ) sometimes i wonder if i should be exclusive but i'm honestly just not that kinda dude  you would have to be somthin  but dang shawty was fine!  smile  \oh, and i love workin production crew!"
"tired but feeling accomplished  for anyone out there who cares about theater or <propmale> in general, come to the drowsy chaperone tommorrow at chatt state! it's gonna be off da chain!"
"is feelin really good   smile \come see the \drowsy chaperone\"" tonight at 7 smile 0! at chatt state  youll be glad you did """
"is sayin damn, manny paquiaou went ham tonight "
"went to church today for the first time in about a month in a half and it was good   smile  \\also, everyone come to the \drowsy chaperone\"" today  it's the last show and youll be glad you did  lots of laughs """
"can't wait till wednsday! and go eagles, vick baby!"
mooooviesss!!!
"\unstoppable\"" with denzel washington= one good ass movie!  smile """
is being quite creative today   smile 
"got 10 hours of sleep    in the past three days! soohohooo tired \<propmale> potter was pretty good though"
hungry as a mug!
"auditioned for the musical \little women\"" a whole new e playful erience for me but it was fun  i hope i get it """
is excited as hell about tommorrow   smile 
so happy! first legit performance and it feels great! all the first years did amazing  im proud of everyone and i can't wait for what is to come   laugh 
so i just saw an awesome show at chatt!! second years y'all did great
"finds astrology, horoscopes and zodiac signs to be fascinating, entertaining, and very stimulating to read and e playful lore!"
"mwuahahahaha!!!!!! robot unicorn champ!!! (108,000) f**k wit me now! lmao!!! (<propfemale>)  wink "
the <propmale> of robot unicorn again! now i'm bout to watch a scary ass movie  yeeeahhh!
today's been awesome  tommorrow will be eually awesome  very excited!
"super happy to see one of my awesome teachers today at my job, and super excited to start up again on thursday!!!"
feels like he's slowly rotting away when he could be acting! i need a book to read or somethin   or yet another snowball fight 
is putting more music on his ipod  i love music! all kinds  except depressing country 
no one could possibly know just how excited i am to do this new scene! just feel like yellin  ahhhhhhhh!!! can't wait can't wait can't waaaaaait  along my awesome partner red 
"is it bad i want to be so good so soon? hmmmmm     i think about it all day, till i go to class  then i think about it afterwards, and have trouble going to sleep at night cuz i'm still thinking about it  so this must be what love is     or obsession   either way, i can't wait to go and do it again "
"had like the whole class crunk today on that good music! other than that though, i feel like i aint done shit today, yet im feelin kinda tired  oh well, tommorrow's gonna be a fun day too "
is so happy and wants to say i appreciate everyone who wished me a happy birthday today  it means a lot so thanks to everyone!
outta church now  so what to do with the rest of my sunday  hmmmmmmmmmm   
"type a status person, type b personality  guess that makes me ab all around  i'm good with that   smile "
happy valentines day!
"didn't do anything in school today  literally  feelin sad as hell today, but not 100% on why  guess i just need to man up and fake happiness till it come back  and to the people who saw me today, i'm sorry i was in such a negative mood  that's the bad side of me and i hope it doesn't happen again anytime soon "
goin to three <propfemale> tonight  laugh 
"thoroughly enjoyed \three <propfemale> opera\"" tonight  i have some extremely talented class mates and am blessed to know them  great job to the cast and crew!"""
musical improv is what's up!!!
"oscars\\knicks and heat\\quite possibly the best night of tv  i've looked forward too in quite some time  two of my loves  life is good tonight   smile "
"so my voice is pretty much shot right now and my whole body is a kinda sore    \this has been a great day!"
is excited for what the day has in store for me   smile 
"beat a legendary team on hall of fame difficulty on 2k11  i'm a beast  can't nobody be me at 2k, we can put money on it  cancled a date for this shit  lol it was worth it too  at the time anyway   i'm satisfied "
had a scary ass dream last night! or was it this morning    either way i kicked the cover over and woke up upside down with half my body hanging off my bed  craziness!
"i want zaxby's so bad right now, i can almost smell it right now!!!"
"haven't got any rest in a minute  make that 36 hours to be exact  lol oh well , had  lots of fun to make it all worth it  even though i'm really to tired to even function properly  hmmmm   movie time!!!"
"mannnn, thank god for caller id!!!!!!!!  smile "
i wonder if i'm the only one who always has music playing in my head  even when i don't really want it to!
hmmm   time to read a play! can't wait to perform again  its been too long!
important shit to do tommorrow  lookin forward to the challenge!
seriously hopin today will be as good as yesterday  lookin forward to it!!!
"my friends crack me up! lmao  bout to watch \ black swan\"" in a minute  i'm crunk right now!"""
"just finished watching \black swan\""      oh my gosh", i'm so inspired right now!!!\1d7949404b8753d50041d1e52964a647,excited about the day!
"is watching the wizard of oz and just realized three things annoyed 1  you can clearly see the set is just painted on half the time \2  the lion is so scared, he's  such a girl he can't even ask the oz for courage! \3  i'd love to be in the wiz at any theatre location "
is blessed by god and very happy at the moment  i'm so excited for my first musical!
"just randomly thought of this, but i'd love to be in the next rush hour movie! (if <propfirst> and <propfirst> aren't too old ) i'd be like <propfirst>'s young apprentice or somethin  that'd be so tight!"
it's time    i'm bout to go ham on some work!
tommorrow is very important to me  nuff said  i pray god be with me 
"so i been gettin some really nice feedback from people who saw me perform in my ten minute play  people that i didn't even no were there  anyway, it's very much appreciated and i'm just gonna keep workin hard to get even better!"
