09a7090108ac329d14f5d39f30582301
is starting another job hunt   
will miss the hrc 
is only capable of falling asleep during working hours   
is non-stop <propmale> hayes    and maybe some work as well 
thinks that manly men recycle (and <propfirst> too) 
is glad the day is over!
spending the 4th in <propfirst>  smile 
is all grown up
watching team <propfemale> = a good end to a bad day 
is suddenly in the middle of yet another terrible day 
is still thinking about <propfirst>   
is reprioritizing 
is trying to stay awake 
is wondering where summer went?
will be celebrating her birthday at brasserie des halles de l île at 8 tonight  love to see you all there  to my friends back in the states - happy free slurpee day!  smile 
is catching up!
isn't very good at taking pictures of actual people   
29 days 
loves <propmale> grahams 
is still trying to figure out class schedules - ugh 
wins again  smile 
is a proud member of team intern 
is peace 
my guilt is my only crime 
just found 2chf in her new desk!  laugh 
is thinking about the lion <propmale>   
is dedicating this next song to batman 
is busy making a mess   
15 days 
just arm-wrestled a <propfemale> and won    twice 
is 97% awesome  (3% margin of error)
packing 
"is a <propfemale> girl, in a <propfemale> wooorlld - drinking quadruple espressos (pictures to come   )"
had an amazing weekend in zurich 
hates you facebook!!!
you'll never take me alive
is  love 
"just impressed someone with her \amazing navigational skills \"" are you reading this <propfirst>??!"""
is wondering why she always seems to have a negative balance on her phone  two days in a row now!!
"omg it's cold! ok, i'm ready to go back to fl now!!"
is packing again  nashville tomorrow(ish) 
lied  still in fl!
walked to class at 7-something in the morning with a bright yellow child-sized umbrella with a duck for a handle           
so my second client actually showed up  does that mean that i'm a real lawyer now?  playful 
"i want to design a video game in which you have to take care of all the people who have been shot in the other games  'hey man, what are you playing?' 'super busy hospital  please leave me alone  i'm performing surgery on a man who was shot in the head 57 times ' - demetri"
omg lady gaga??!!
is officially signed up for the foreign service test 
is brewing espresso  smile 
tomorrow: the foreign service test  thank you law school for finally giving me a couple hours to study   
is bored with all of her profile pictures -- going back a few years with this one   
"doesn't think that obama deserves the peace prize    yet  i do agree that he has done a lot to \strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples\"" and has definitely \""created a new climate in international politics\"" -- but not enough to win the prize """
"is pretty sure she broke another blackberry  will see if someone at sprint can fix it tomorrow  if not, that's 3 in 2 years  go me!  sad  until it gets fixed, i can't read your full texts, just the preview "
overwhelmed
lubbs her baby sis! aqsa ullah is sunshine on a cloudy day   laugh 
just heard her phone-voice for the first time in a while  sounds like a 7-yr old    thought i had grown out of that 
"is still awake, doing random insomniac things  newest accomplishment: the creation of a new aim account: atsquish  (couldn't remember the password or security questions i used to create 'awayatsquish' back in high school ) does anybody even use aim anymore??"
hates the angels and the yankees  i just wanna watch house!!
chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavored water
has given in to her reckless impulsiveness once again and bought a plane ticket home  tomorrow: <propmale>!
is back in nashville d:
"just when i thought there was nothing fun to do in nashville i get this email: \tomorrow at 1:45 p m  the pop band hanson will perform a short concert in the vanderbilt bookstore  they will play a set of three acoustic songs and then sign books and cds for fans \"""""
hates today already 
likes to tape her thumbs to her hands to see what it would be like to be a dinosaur 
has 69 farmville gift requests   
lost her phone while recycling  lesson learned 
is annoyed  why can i never remember my own security questions? any guess as to who my favorite artist or author was 7 years ago??
is congratulating aqsa ullah on a job well done  you're a winner  duh  proud of you   smile 
spent today re-watching the first season of the office  smile 
is on her best behavior 
(literally) cleaning up a mess of a semester   
i love the fishes 'cause they're so delicious
12hr lotr marathon on tnt    i know what i'm doing today   laugh 
is super  thanks for asking 
is h-scream  http annoyed  www unlikelywords com 2009 12 08 jersey-shore-nickname-generator 
is watching captain planet! on youtube instead of studying for her pr final 
coffeecoffeeecoffeecoffeeee!!!!  laugh 
one final to go  saturday = florida! yay!  laugh 
"apparently, panera on west end is where business happens  been here for two hours and have already overheard at least 3 negotiations discussions with potential clients "
can still remember when she was talented at life   
eff you too t-mobile!
packing    again!
yummmm kheer  smile 
in need of a new ipod
should really start paying attention to low-battery warnings  confidential 
30 rock on demand ->  smile 
discussing fair trade while drinking irresponsibly grown coffee 
teaching street law tonight!
packing!  laugh 
"as it turns out, paying attention actually helps my comprehension  who would have guessed   "
follow your heart  mine leads to shoes 
got a facebook invite to her own house! it was a very special moment 
caffeine crash 
forgot that everyone else takes school seriously   
has a bad case of 3l-itis - 35 days till graduation!!
is actually being productive!
listening to her wills and trusts professor quote kanye   
loose lips sink ships   
is still amazed by the unnaturally high number of mentally challenged drivers in nashville 
last day of class!  laugh 
"on the last day of law school, i learned how to google   "
semi-annual hole punch e playful losion 
is going to watch an inconvenient truth and call it a day   confidential 
just submitted her bar exam application!
is done with her last law school exam!!  laugh 
<propfemale> ate my <propfemale> d:
graduation!
 smile 
is listening to coldplay and actually liking it   does this mean i'm officially old now??
is actually being productive
is amused by how happy everyone is with a tie!!
new fav team: switzerland!
just broke my favorite pair of sunglasses  sad 
craving a new adventure   
is claiming a table at fidos everyday until the bar 
plane tickets  smile 
practice mbe d:
this has to be the greyest summer ever   
d:
counting down to july 29th!!
is in panic mode
at the airport and ny bound  good luck to everyone taking the bar this week!
packing   
is working as hard as she can so that voldemort can't <propfemale> out his plans!
now has interns!  smile 
lovebugs!!! d:
just requested her absentee ballot!
coldplay  smile 
passed the ny bar!  laugh 
putting reality on hold- i'll be back thursday-ish?
watching my baby sis write scholarly emails  love  so proud (and feeling old!)
time for a tea party
