26da71c74aed126fbaa7fb14aa3bc0ac
"my last day in florida: i'm going to pack, see tangled with my family, barrel race my horse keeper (at a snail's pace  playful ), and maybe sleep some before i leave for the airport  smile "
wow what a terrible travel day o o glad to be back at mhc  smile 
yes! i have finally made a facebook  this is only the second time i've been on facebook 
and i just finished all of my college stuff! hurrah!  p s  i bought the most beautiful prom dress in the solar system 
i am currently doing american government homework  i have a essay about the state-of-the-union speech due soon    needless to say i'm procrasting 
i'm glad my facebook has made <propfemale> happy 
my sister rejected my friend-request  twice!
i just got accepted into uf!
i'm just getting off work and planning to do homework  yay    
"if any one saw my dad's ridiculus post, please wipe it from your memory "
i am now panicking over my financial aid applications  i hope to be sane again in about two weeks 
just got home from horse riding and now i am going to watch a new episode of bones  yay!
"i just got home from an awesome sleep over at <propfemale>'s house and now, i'm getting ready for arena  i hope everyone does well at lake butler tonight "
spring break is only one week away! i can't wait for midterms to be over 
"last night, radha and i saw a raccoon get hit by a car  we tried calling the local wildlife rehabilitation center, but no one answered  we even had a policeman out, but (no surprise) he got out of the car, said his piece, and drove off  my mum helped us catch him later  we ended up missing most of the oscars  this morning, i took him to the vet, but when they opened the box, he was already dead "
i am going bonkers from financial applications again  i thought i was finished but i keep getting irate emails from my colleges 
"i just got accepted into mount holyoke college  it's in massachusetts and has one of the best equestrian teams in the country  on the down side, it is an all girls school    "
"news flash: i am leaving florida (in august)  i know some of my friends are having trouble with this  however, i am resolute  also, i just got accpeted by wheaton college of norton middle-of-nowhere massachusettes "
i'm going to begin work on a very awesome wood burning soon  it's going to be one of best works  i haven't woodburned in a while  i'm uber excited 
"i'm feeling very melancholy  my horse keeper has to take a break from barrel racing for 6-8 weeks  i know that it's what is best for him, but i still feel a little    empty "
congrats to me! i got wait listed by harvard university!
i'm going to visit <propfirst> college monday through wednesday  i may get to spend two nights on campus (normally you can only spend one) and they provide me with alumni driver  plus they will re-imburse most if not all of my travel e playful enses  i feel very honored by their generous assistance  i'm really hoping i'll get enough financial aid to be able to enroll there 
"i have not recieved enough financial aid to attend <propfirst>  i'm now looking into other college options  on an even darker note, finals week is rapidly encroaching on my free time  sad "
"had a great time at the arena--despite the drama  my horse, the fro-tastic <propfemale>, did awesome "
"i have been ridiculusly sick  i don't want to gross you out too much but let's just say that i vomitted in radha's car  fortunately, i'm feeling much better and i hope be back to riding soon  haven't seen my horse for so long     about a week!"
"i'm excited for prom (mostly because i love my dress), but also very bored because i have nothing to do at home lol"
"obviously, i haven't been on facebook for a long time  but now i'm back! mostly because radha moved to <propfemale> today and we have to keep in touch "
"i just got back from the best trail ride in history! i went swimming on my horse  unfortunately, i am now sun-burnt and little sore  it was worth it, though!"
"once again, i am disgustingly ill  nevertheless, i am going to riding tomorrow and tubing down the river on thurs  i can't wait!"
"another long, tedious saturday morning at work    fortunately, i'm going barrel racing tonight!"
"i stayed up late last night to finish reading <propmale> potter 7! after i went to univerisal, i just had to re-read the series  next: i'll finish wading through my pile of medical narratives "
"i just had the greatest cream soda floot at <propfemale>'s party! in the words of will, it was mouthgasmic  lol "
"i may have added too many pictures of me and pony, but oh well! it was so hard to choose "
"somehow lost some skin under my knees at riding  is currently burning insanely  alas! \i'll probably live though  wink "
i've been talking to my financial aid office again  i can officially recognize the voice of my financial aid guy  he's called tj and he knows my name and voice as well  not sure what this says about me    
"i just ate bread today! first time in almost a week (in case you don't know, i'm allergic to wheat gluten) "
i cleaned my car! finally  but the vacuum broke so i couldn't get rid of all the dirt and stuff  woe is me lol 
randomly changed my profile picture to my anime self (according to <propfemale>)  don't worry people this is not indicative of a sex change    
arena tonight! i'm taking my keepiebaby  yay!
i had a fantastic time at st  <propfirst>! i admit i haven't e playful ected it to be that fun lol  only just woke up 
grrrr i can't seem to get my profile picture right  i've changed it three times today lol 
missing my best friend 
slowly loosing my mind    
i had a really interesting night last night lol  whenever i <propfemale> out with <propfirst> i remember how much i love him lol (he's practically my brother!) 
what the    ? will?!
beginning to regain my sanity   
uber excited to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> today  it's been way too long lol 
i had an astonishingly awesome time saturday!
i am about to enjoy gluten free bread for the first time in    forever 
have i ever been this bored before   
going to the beach  laugh !
i accidentally ate a couple molecules of wheat (which was disguised as cheese) and am now suffering considerable    discomfort
i had loads of fun with the lovely <propfemale> today  happy birthday to you sweetie  side note: i was devoured by mosquitoes 
spending yet another night at <propfirst> and big <propfemale>'s house lol
had to miss riding again!!! i'm going through withdrawal 
"lately, i feel like i have poetry trapped inside me "
i just spammed a bunch of people lol
i finally reached a 100 friends!!!
missing my best friend!
i love <propfemale> lawson  i'm so sad she has to go back to utah  es muy divertida 
uber bored    
drinking coffee 
"i love all my riding girls! i had an awesome going-away party with them at moe's and i got great gifts, such as cotton <propfemale> ice cream, a cute arts-and-crafts gift, a kindle, and loads of hugs and well wishes "
"just got back from a great night at neon liger and silver q with will sands , <propfemale> bean , and katey sands   i discovered that i suck at pool  laugh "
"i am one of the few, the proud, the out-of-state-students not in class today "
praise jebsus! i have finally gotten into the mhc chem course i wanted  the significance of this: i don't have to wake up at 5am to catch a bus to smith college to take the chem course over there  i am ecstatic  laugh  !!!!!!!
uber tired 
once again: i'm sick 
had loads of fun with <propfemale> bean tonight  i will miss her so much!
just woke up!
bugger! i can't sleep--so i just liked a bazillion different things  playful 
"very recently, a traumatic event occurred in my life: my mum butchered my fringe  it looks horrible now  sad  !"
i tripped over the same 35lb dumbbell twice at <propfirst> lake's house and now i have some new bruises lol 
janmastami today! i'm heading to the <propfemale> after work to indulge in the feast  playful 
"my roommate, the awesome jyoti siegell, just told me about our dorm and now i'm so excited for mhc!!! i can't wait to be in my new dorm!"
today i am a walking exclamation <propfirst>  laugh 
"i'm leavin' on a jet plane\don't know when i'll be back again"
"i've been up since 2am packing, traveling, and unpacking  now i am so tired i don't even feel like making my bed so i can take a nap  mhc is awesome though  laugh "
my classes start tomorrow!!! i'm insanely excited  laugh !!!
learning japanese is definitely most of the most intense of untaking thus far in my life  i will probably be up until 1am studying and it's only the second day of class!
"i didn't make it onto the dressage team  despite my melancholy, i'm going to plunge into a foam pit, climb a rock wall, and twirl elegantly in a bouncy castle tonight  oh, and drown myself in my homework "
"i spent this whole weekend studying with my friends  the episodes of procrastination inbetween studying were fun, the studying not so much "
drinking coffee  again  and again 
i'm convinced that wheat is sneaking into my food somehow   
had fun at amherst last night! now i'm procrastinating before doing my calc homework  playful 
i love my horse!
"my phone has been dead for about a week now  so today, i was just about to walk (an hour each way) to the verzion store and my phone spontaneously resurrected itself!  laugh dd!"
phone just committed suicide  again  grrrr!
i had an awesome ride today! the adrenaline rush carried me through my next four classes  now time for a nap 
"wahoo mountain day! instead of classes, i hiked up a mountain (using the loosest definition of the word hike), climbed a giant boulder, bought starbucks at amherst, and traversed a corn field at hampshire "
"my new phone just came in the mail! finally, liberation!"
\i could not tell i \,26da71c74aed126fbaa7fb14aa3bc0ac,midterms are crushing my soul  and the wilder printer has failed me once again 
so glad to have internet access again!
"\but i can't get a hug through a text \"" - anonymous awesome friend """
today was one of those days where tons of hard work finally came to fruition  woot!
listening to eminem and <propmale> cook while doing japanese homework 
feeling uber productive: i cleaned my room while singing obnoxiously! there's something liberating about being able to see your floor  playful 
\i gotta find my place, i wanna hear my sound \26da71c74aed126fbaa7fb14aa3bc0ac,i'm so tired i can't see straight 
had an awesome night with <propfemale> caban and <propfirst> rainbow  playful 
\i do not love you-- except because i love you; and from not loving you to loving you,"from waiting to not waiting for youmy heart moves from the cold into the fire \"" --what's his name\"26da71c74aed126fbaa7fb14aa3bc0ac,i lost my dang onecard again! how   
beyond excited to see radha zanzal again!!!
having the best thanksgiving ever!
"last night, i e playful erienced my first snow fall  laugh !!! to complete the moment: a group hug with radha zanzal and <propfirst> trost "
i love my friends 
a day of epic procrastination 
woot! nineteen years of breathing oxygen! thanks to everyone for wishing a happy birthday  laugh !!!
recently e playful erienced the greatest blue poster on the face of the earth!
chemistry: an epic fail in progress 
i have finally changed my profile picture 
i am being mocked incessantly about my singing  i feel inferior   
i just had my hair cut! it's about six to seven inches shorter with a fringe (aka bangs) 
all night long--studying for japanese 
epic fail on my chem final  i'm still in shock 
"grrrr  sooo much stuff to do today: last exam, pack, dinner shift    "
missed my flight  left my cellphone at moho  trapped at airport 
i rode my horse today! yay!!!
currently scrapbooking  i've done one <propfemale> so far   
christmas <propfemale> cleaning
christmas treasure hunt! <propfemale> christmas!!!
it's official: i miss my phone! i wanna text my friends!!!
ugh    not feeling well  supposed go riding then skating 
my hair is now red  laugh !!
j-term of intensive yoga  playful 
just booked my ticket to see radha zanzal  woot!
somehow    i'm already fantisizing about brunch
listening to <propfirst> gibson  made me smile  made me cry 
considering doing some laundry    
it's like the universe is mooning me 
best day ever!!! go snow  laugh !!
"in a cataslymic fail, i did not make it to va and am now currently homeless  props to <propfirst> trost for putting me up with me   \\p s  if you want to get somewhere, never use gottago taxi because who knows, they might just not show up and make you miss your train "
yay! finally made it to university of richmond!
nutella gelato  does life get better than that?
shout out to <propfemale> vasquez-crede: i've been vegan for two days! (a serious sacrifice considering there's free gelato at ur)
countdown to mohome: approximately 26 hours 
finally fixed my schedule  i'm sane again 
soooo much homework 
"\the dog days are over  the dog days are done  the horses are comin' so you better run \"" <propfemale> and the machine"""
"i am terrified for tomorrow: i have two quizzes, tryouts, and there might be more <propfirst> bieber in my room "
my knee hurts 
"if you want to be happy, be   ~leo tolstoy"
blanchard hummus tastes like turd 
science sucks  these lab reports are ruining my life 
"\tragedy is when i cut my finger  comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die  \"" - <propmale> <propmale>"""
i taught my computer to write in japanese  score!!
@<propfemale> wexler: you are the sexiest roommate ever 
chemistry has sucked out my soul  and crumpled its shriveled remains into a small ball and left it to rot beside the dust bunnies under my bed 
"i am a beautiful, broken shell "
just talked to <propfemale> bean for hours! best supposed-to-be-studying session ever 
how can one day have so much stress? i need a cupcake 
"somehow, i've managed to get even sicker "
"\there is a fine line between genius and insanity  i have erased this line \"""""
alpaca obsession has reached unhealthy levels 
"if <propfirst> donne wasn't dead, i'd kill him "
"freedom is so close, i can taste it!!!"
"sometimes, life is just beautiful "
"sort of did homework, but mostly, i watched juno   love "
insomnia bites 
i began the day with flipflops  mistake 
blueberry 
i'm thinking about cutting my hair  any suggestions?
just realized there is no lab today  hallelujah!
looking forward to sleep 
"i lent my luck to <propfemale> phelps, but i gloriously reclaimed it today "
recovering from the bio exam with <propfemale> and the machine 
epic housing win 
