f91ecac1072c8231f84f2f721544ef55
doing alright
woooowww my friend tok my laptop and messed with my profile
ugh idk i need a hug lol
"ugh this sucks so much, i dont know what to do"
"in a bad mood, text me ppl"
ask me stuff www formspring me tpaulson
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
"friends just threw me a suprise bday party! hella fun, thanks guys! love you"
my hair is now like an inch long
"got the escape from alcatraz triathlon tomorrow, looking forward to it, wish me luck  smile "
"just finished the race, best one ive had so far!  smile  hella tired, text me"
watched midnight premier of iron man 2! pretty damn good!
"gettin the house for the party, if you need my address text me or ask on here"
"pretty damn good party, would have been better if more people went but o well"
"tired, happy its the weekend"
eh good enough  smile 
cant wait for summer! i just want finals to be over!
schools finally out! thank god!  smile 
"goin to a party tonight, gunna be fun"
"im lovin summer, but i have to wake up early for football, sucks!"
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
summers been goin great  smile 
"so tired! drove up to tahoe last night to cheer on my mom that did a 100 mile marathon, she did great  smile  finally got home 24 hours later, just got 1 hour of sleep, looking forward to relaxing, wanting to be with her  smile  who wants to <propfemale>?"
tonights goin to be fun  smile 
"last night was amazing  smile  <propfirst> and i made a painting, she did most of it but i did the splatter! and im pretty sure we got more paint on us and the room than we did on the canvas, but it was worth it  smile "
lifes great  smile  summers amazing!
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
"i cant stop thinking about her  smile  hopefully have passing league later tonight, until then im relaxing"
"bored, last night was fun, relaxing, who wants to hang?\http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson"
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
"hopefully hanging with her tonight  smile \http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson"
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
"last night was so terrible, just all bad, but ended absolutely amazing  smile "
tomorrows going to be great!
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
i cant believe it   
yesterday was great!
had an absolutely amazing night  smile 
"i cant find my damn phone, someone must have picked it up"
got my phone back! everythings going great  smile  last night was hella fun
the past few days have been absolutely amazing  smile 
is loved  smile 
"gibbons, <propfemale>, sweeney, <propfirst>, gustafson, football, any classes together?"
http annoyed  www formspring me tpaulson
i finally got my license  smile 
got hacked  smile   and want meatballs ! i liek you  smile 
