a8149da7b82673eb7dd9d14f4dc43e10
i live in nc!!  right near <propfemale>!
"don't trust a ho, never trust a ho   won't trust a ho 'cause the ho won't trust me (cousin's new favorite song   i know all the words now)"
just got my replacement driver's license in the mail!!  i can go to bars again!!  and start my job with green peace!!
penis is on my mind  always 
ready for something exciting to happen   
what if we all farted glitter?
tigers love pepper   they hate cinnamon 
everybody else's status is either some heart-wrenching philosophy on themselves or actually what they're doing   i thought this box was for glitter farts 
thanks for all of the birthday love everybody!!
2 1 2 hours to get home on the southern state   there went my night  annoyed 
pretend you're happy and slip into oblivion   
 smile 
"laundry, dishes, then beach and bp!!  i love taking the day off when i'm not supposed to!!"
lalala   
at the end of our rope is a tire swing  smile 
"yea, my job pays me to go camping   and i'll probably makes some bonus   newpaltz tomorrow!!"
"so, camping was fun    but now my legs are literally covered in bug bites and my sleeping bag is ruined   still totally worth it though "
madlibs rock   and so does <propfirst> jaisle 
im an idiot     uh duhhh
and i smell like wet dog
<propfemale> sucks 
 annoyed 
i love <propfirst> jaisle he is the greatest ever omgfgjfudivhunljerfnlsdfnoci!!!!!!!
back in ny
flamingoes can only eat with their heads upside down 
i wish that mafia wars money was real money 
so i don't want to go to the store   but turkey's my cat so i have to go
the statue of <propfemale>'s finger is 8 feet long 
driving to <propfemale>!!  and i'm leaving now bc i'm supers smart   
the countdown begins   i just realized 3 effing weeks until nc   time flies 
"i'm supposed to be getting ready for work, but i'm facebook stalking instead   "
waiting for jaisle   super boring   
"there's so much snow!!  i played in it, and i shoveled it, and i drank hot cocoa!!  yay!!"
i'm moving to nc tomorrow!!  whoa!
moving to nc today!!  still whoa!
i have a job!
work work work   
debt means you had more fun than you were supposed to   obviously
skype just asked me if i wanted to have an affair with a married person   how do i get my name off of that list?
peanut butter   it fills the cracks in your heart 
chillaxin   
weighing my options   should i poop or wash dishes?  idk if i have time for both   
french toast is awesome!!  so is eating breakfast at 3 o'clock!!
off to find dinner   peanut butter apple perhaps?
"you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, and you can totally pick your friend's nose  trust me "
taxes are dumb 
p is for panda peeing and pooping
3 days is not enough   
jaisle's at work   now what do i do??
"super duper sleepy time   and i'm totally proud i made it to 10  smile   yup, im officially a dork   possibly even a dweeb "
weekend!!!
weekstart    
i just won e playful ert minesweeper!!!
"if how bored you were was measured by how many times you went on facebook a day, i would be considered very bored today "
thinking about office space   somebody has a case of the monday's!
boorrreeedddd    
one more week until i'm in ny!!  aaahhh!!!
"rain, rain go away   wait, i don't care   i'm stuck in an office "
my company needs to stop binging so i can stop purging it 
by this time tomorrow i will have been in ny for 11 hours!
i hate anybody that is sleeping right now   even if they're in <propfemale> 
the people sleeping in <propfemale> and i have reconciled our differences   they're not that bad after all 
"if i were to decapitate you right now, you would still be conscious for 20 seconds   whoa!"
the <propfemale> is moving away from the earth at a rate of 3 8 cm  per year!!  aaaahhhhh!!
"dan\jaisle is playing video games where he kills stuff  and now that we\have the internet he can play it with other people that are strangers \and apparently, if he stops, he'll let everybody down  but i guess it's\ok bc i can play bubble boom   "
now <propfirst> jaisle is looking 1508 movies on the playstation that we can rent and watch thanks to the internet   geez   robot holocaust 
today i had the first of many 14 hour days   but don't feel bad   i got paid $10 an hour to catch up on the office & 30 rock   that was my last 4 hours 
great friends make me pee in my pants 
"how many of us know all our friends in our friends list? task for you  i want all my friends to post how you met me  when you're done, post this as your status  you'll be amazed to see what people have to say!"
we spend 2 years of our lives talking about the weather 
"as bad as things get, they could always be worse   they could be <propmale>   he's the worst "
i'm literally falling asleep at my desk 
are 2 mountain dews in an hour too much?
are we human?  or are we dancers?
i'm at the pizza hut   i'm at the taco <propfemale>   i'm at th combination pizza hut & taco <propfemale>!!
"if vodka was water and i was a duck, i'd swim to the bottom & never come up"
bored bored bored bored bored bored
what's your name?  who's your daddy?  is he <propmale> like me   
"i want to be at the beach!!! stupid, air conditioned office "
cleaning is sooo boooorrrriiinnngggg
"thank god for my best friend <propfemale> <propfirst>, or else i might feel like a total loser   but instead i feel like a badass   woot!!"
july is named for <propmale> caesar because he came up with our calendar system   his name is also attributed to the cesarian section   but nobody really knows why 
z is for farts that smell like the zoooooo
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everybody!  i feel soooo special!!
what happened to the dog poop from the 70's that turned white and disappeared?
it's been one year of being facebook official!  whoa!
"you burn more calories sleeping than you do watching tv   also, for your legs to get as good of a workout as your eyes, you'd have to walk 50 <propmale> a day   thank you 107 5!!"
soo    i might be a weird cat lady    but turkey is the cutest cat in the world!!
addicted to bejeweled blitz or whatever it is    
it's 3 and i've only done nothing today   hmmm    good?
it's so hot in my apartment i have chronic headaches   although that might be my wisdom tooth coming in   either way my brain hurts & my knee caps are sweating 
i wish i was on the office instead of in the office    then i would be <propmale> sleeping at my desk or doing a crossword puzzle 
"not in the office anymore, but still bored    dan jaisle!!!"
"sometimes, i want someone else to copy my status word for word just to make me feel important "
"must    shower    so i      don't     stink     (yea, that's me dying of my own stench)"
just go ahead now 
there are only two more days in the week    phew    this is a moment when looking at the glass half empty is a good thing   because the glass is the week   get it?
i guess you're just what i needed   i needed someone to feed 
avoiding the plague like the plague 
<propfirst> jaisle said the most racist thing i heard today    
"upside: i got out of work early bc of flooding   downside: it's coming out of my vacation time and i have none   also, it's flooding "
my cousins are theeee cutest   they make me soooo happy    smile 
i am on fb on my phone   whoa!
nachel's wedding was super awesome   like ridiculous 
fairly oddparents is super awesome
i have a hunger in my belly!  but i'm going to write on fb about it instead of doing anything about it 
happy thanksgiving!!
christmas!!!
"i think of all the presents had, turkey is enjoying his the most - a freaking <propfemale> fountain!  he loves it   he literally smiled when he saw it   thanks, <propfemale>!"
friday!!!
"i want delicious food, but i don't know what!!!"
what's on my mind?  burritos!!!!
super busy holding a chair down    
i want to gym   but turkey's asleep on me & everyone knows you can't disturb a sleeping cat   i'll give him 2 more minutes & then my fat ass will move   
sooo sleepy    
ugh   gym    stupid promises to myself   
ugh    dishes     dan needs to stop working so much so i can watch tv with him more & do less chores    
