9545eead630d0d97795f71ac215136a4
pretty boy take off in 5     4      3    2    1
woke up quick at about noon  
michigan in the morning  sad 
teach me how to dougie  playful 
last weekend of summer  sad 
happy birthday to me
straight fucking edge?
"outside, i lay tongue-tied"
"g00d night, world"
i'm so hoodd
i go hard in the paint c:
"chillin with muh niggas smokin 2 blunts each, getting high as fuck 7 days of tha week c:"
"\what do yo do when <propfemale> life's a disaster and <propfemale> moving faster and it's getting harder to breathe\"""""
boredboredboredboredboredboredbored fuck
b00m
just completed another job application  hopefully i get somewhere with it  indecision 
stunna!
i fucking hate being short  indecision 
"\take one last breath\"""""
the most noticeable no one you'll never notice
sometimes i just feel so fucking hopeless  but its all good 
flocka!
"\i'll holla back at you at snack time  \"""""
i hate shaving  indecision 
teach me how <propfemale> dougie?
fucking sat tomorrow  ughhhh 
iiiii wanna rock yo bodyy
"\like motherfuck all yall\"""""
fuck you and everyone and everything
i wish i could be like errybody else sometimes  but then i realize how stupid everyone else is  lawl 
"\so how's it feel to be a senior?\""\",9545eead630d0d97795f71ac215136a4,let's leave no words unspoken
"rain rain go away, that's what all my haters say  "
"i used to be ballin, but now i'm <propmale> gating"
shitt  imma have to walk home tomorrow like a hobo  sad 
how can i make you ever imagine  ?
get out muh waffle house > sad 
i don't i don't i don't give a fuck nigga  fuck errybody 
to shave or not to shave  ?
gwaaaaaaaaaap
score some coc!
invictusssssss
fire flame spitterrr  playful 
i can't live without her  i fuck her everydaaaaaaaaaaay
and you know i got a coldd
swag juice drippingggg right now
"lay yo heaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad\on my pillow"
excuse my charisma
just sitting here sitting here
needs a cool cut
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck me
i'm so fuckedd  annoyed 
i give up
feeling super negative
colorado tomorrow woo wooooooooo
they need to make a flocka version of the gun app
these mothafuckas mad that i'm icy
well burr
bored with nothing to do  annoyed 
uh yeahhhhhhhh boiiiiiii
"aisd closed, fuck yesssss"
i wanna play in the snow
snow clouds brighten the night
i wish life didn't make me feel so freaking stupid
just woke uppp  lovin me some snow days lol 
iz you reaching? bitch i might be 
i think too much for my own good lol  feeling like hamlet or some shit 
"pointless nights, nothing new "
everyday i'm hustling 
the square root of 69's 8 something right? cuz i been trying to work out ohhhhhhh
i wish <propmale> mars really would take a bullet to the brain or catch a grenade
gots me a jobb bitches
starting work tomorrow morning  laugh 
just got off work  chillinnnn for the rest of the day  smile 
"and i know the truth you know\these things just let them go"
so what it gon be?
i'm tiiiiiiiiiireddddddddddd
i'm offa work i'm offa work i'm offa work  yessssssssss 
moar flagz moar fun
need to practice my fake smiles
my hands smell like work 
