99916c24bfb3c1ba136f0ec302aa3ef2
"i love my sweet heart, he is so awesome and cute and cuddly  lol"
"ive decided that i should take control of my own life, and that i should stop wasting my time with what other people think, even if they are my parents  its past time that i get a grasp  its time to please myself  i haven't yet told my parents that ive made the c team,  im proud of myself  i need to step it up even more  maybe now that they aren't on my backs anymore i can actually breath freely for a change "
"silly people: <propfemale>, <propfemale>, sora, <propmale>, <propmale>, drago, mom, sora, drago, <propfemale>, sora, drago   "
ive been having an excellent time with drago!  love 
just finished all my school work  ill be leaving tomorrow afternoon 
"babies, i don't want them!! they cry all the time and they smell     but they are cute when they are sleeping  lol"
"so bored, but so stressed  i have a job!! census crew leader! at $19 hr  when i get done with the training session, ill have enough money for a car!! omg yes"
"started my offical first day of work today! it sucked so bad, i was very unprepared   sad  i hope tomorrow is better "
waiting for my damn puppy and being stressed in the process  dads lost his mind and mom fled the state and im sweating my ass off   
"has puppy fever  so <propfemale>, why should i fix my dog?"
one year physical today  whoop whoop 
"the next time you open your mouth, ill shove my fist down your throat so deep you cannot swallow  ill make your body hollow  you will enjoy the abuse cuz you got nothing to lose  i swear ill fistfuck your brains til im smiling again "
"been a little busy, havent we guys? lol and it isnt even halfway thru the day "
"just a friendly reminder guys, if you are going to screw around with alot of people, get tested after each one  yes <propfirst>, thats directed towards you "
"im lying in bed, smelling the intoxicating smell of my bf  he smells so nice   "
im having to change my status because some people can't stand to read it  lmao
"ill try this too  if you like this status, ill put something i like about you, dislike about you, and a confession (if i have one!) "
bitsune
hey i got someone who is facebook lonely  can you befriend him? his name is <propmale> <propmale> and he's a sweetheart 
zoey is adorible! she's making noises already and she is being a playful puppy  she isnt peeing in the house and she's sneaking food from her dish  such a skiddish puppy   
"credulous at best, your <propfemale> to believe in angels in the hearts of men  pull your head on out your hippy haze and give a listen  shouldnt have to say it all again  the universe is hostile, so impossible  devour to survive  so it is, so its always been "
i got two job interviews tomorrow  one at subways and the other at walmart  wish me luck
watching sherlock holmes  its incredibly awesome!
break this bittersweet spell on me  lost in the arms of <propfemale> 
keeping my mind occupied with puppies  they are a handful   
"if im killed by the questions like a cancer, then ill be buried by the silence of the answer by myself "
why didnt my status post? damn it   
intolerance blows my mind  im surprised at just how close minded people nowadays are  its horrible! why cant people accept others how they are?
"i got the stupid song \im a <propfemale> girl\"" stuck in my damn head   """
do you mind if i gag your knob? lmao
unbelievibly tired    see its even in my spelling    -snooze-
"ive got gallons of blood  cant remember where its from  theres clipings on the wall  i guess its stuff ive done     im gonna paint this town red!! -combichrist \red\"""""
my poor little puppy was mauled by a waterbug today  shes ok but she was scared out of her little mind  the waterbug didnt fair that well  i had to save her  thats so damn sad 
im pulling my hair out in chunks again  i dont know what to do anymore   
the most effective lesson is learned the hard way  it takes willpower to pick yourself up after heartbreak  i have none  i have nothing anymore 
im going to work instead of sleeping  i slept like shit last night  feel like shit too 
im so tired and im so tense  i can feel all the stress in my back  this sucks
the world lies in the hands of evil  we pray it will last 
even the people who never frown eventually break down  no matter what you see you're still so blind to me 
"anyone who has a problem with witches or witchcraft, please post here "
"ok people! last <propmale>! if anyone has a problem with witches or witchcraft, comment here  i need to know!"
"im a witch! i proudly announce it  i have been for years now  i am not a \black\"" witch but im not a \""white\"" witch either  i profess that i believe that i should ask before i do anything to anyone and i follow the rede  i love my religion """
"\i know the truth \"" \""   where are you?\"" \""you can call it the end of the world \"""""
have a blessed lammas lughnasadh
why make so much turmoil for tomorrows that sound fake? why ask trivial questions? must we be so dumb   
today is a hard day to get up 
went from super depressed this morning to depressed at midday to very depressed now 
trying to teach zoey fetch  she seems more interested in catch  lol
holy bejuezus! jesus has taken over my facebook!!!
"if i won $120mil, i would take a trip around the world and go to places like germany and new zeland  then i would buy a house, a car and a truck  and then i would buy a ton of houses and land to rent out while i go to college for my doctorate in vet medicine "
so tired    yet im awake  oh gods why   
my phone has been shut off  i wont be able to text or call people  sorry 
if i dont drop weight soon i have the <propmale> of organ failure  i never knew i weighed so much    it breaks my heart   
im sitting here on edge and stressed out  the weight of my world is crushing me  i must let it go soon   
im so excited about rit tonight!! i cant wait  yay!!
finally home again  its hot   
yet another hard day to get up  this shit sucks 
today was easier to get up this morning  i had a healthy dinner last night and i feel better today  wow 
"no matter what people hear they will always find someone else that will tell them what they want to hear instead of the truth  shit, im tired of people who want quick answers and quick solutions  life is not like that!!!"
"dont let your victories go to your head, or your failures to your heart "
is frustrated 
omg my apartment is finally cold! three months of paying for almost nonexistant ac has pissed me off  so glad i got the window unit   
im hoping to get a membership today  i want to swim today 
i have a ton of things floating around my head but i dont know what to do about it    so blah 
"i had a wonderful time with mom tonight  we went to ymca and did water aerobics! it was so fun, i want to do it tomorrow! hehehe  who knew excercising was so much fun?"
you know your tired when    you see animals and objects in the road that arent really there  and when the highway suddenly ends when its not supposed to   
ive been so blessed by the goddess these past few days  i hope it continues 
in florida now  oh im wondering where this will lead me  
"is impatient in general  i dont want to deal with this bullshit, ever  i have put up with enough of it to last a lifetime "
oh about to go to bed ae  so tired im talking like a canadian ae   
what to do what to do  im tired of walking around to put in applications    florida is bloody hot but its nothing like texas 
"decided to lay low on the forums for a bit  third strike in the next three months and im gone  when all else fails, shut your mouth and watch "
"rain rain go away, and dont bring your hurricane buddies either "
today is a blah day 
i am in desperate need of blinker fluid  anyone know where i can get some?
i think i might have got a very good paying job  im going to set up an interview tomorrow  oh i so hope i get it!
job probably is a scam    mom remind me today to ask about money 
going back to walmart today  ill have proper internet tomorrow  yay 
gonna cook dinner tonight  <propmale> and cheese and peas   
im nice and dry here in florida  hows it feel texas? lol
"im surprised not very people has said anything about 9 11, 9 years ago "
i had a happy dream about a woman i am deathly afraid of    annoyed  i wonder if she'll ever know   
watching the new resident evil movie  then im gonna go to the castle  yay!
"finally got a job at walmart  part time, but better than nothing   "
<propmale> got a job!!! he starts monday  he's going to do security again  whoo hoo!
"no wealth, no ruin, no silver, no gold, nothing satisfies me but your soul  well i am death, and none can excel, i will open the doors to heaven or hell"
it feels good to work but my body hates me for it 
its semi offical  im dyslexic  now i need to get officially tested 
hi ho hi ho its off to work i go    my goodness when will my break come??
"i got a fortune cookie today  it said \use your instincts now \""  hmm i wonder """
watching ncis and dogs 101  puppies are so cute!
i am so tired    i want to go to sleep    zzzzz    
"two weeks in and i already hate walmart  i hope i get a car soon, so i can find a better job   "
"today is national smacka twilight fan day  im gonna smack you, you know who yall are  lmao!"
"fantasizing about the lottery  id totally buy a brand new car  then id go to college  and if there is any $ left, id buy a house or four "
all this hearing of suicide because of bullying has brought up some bad memories   annoyed 
"sagittarius, the <propfemale> to contemplate, to understand, to philosophize  the harvest is stored and hopefully in sufficient abundance to serve the community until spring  fires burn brightly in hearths, illuminating the darkness of night and casting pictures upon the wall  within imagination, visits are made to faraway places  the mind ponders on life's greater purpose  the meaning of existence and its purpose on earth"
"sitting here, dreading going back to work  i ache all over  wish i would get used to this crap already   "
"you and me, we used to be together, everyday together always  i really feel that i'm losing my best friend  i can't believe this could be the end  it looks as though you're letting go and if it's real, well i don't want to know  don't speak, i know just what you're saying so please stop e playful laining  don't tell me cause it hurts    "
"oh, oh god, kill me now!  sad "
"my mother, my boyfriend, and my best friend all got 65% on my quiz        am i really that bad???"
like the status & i'll tell you: 1 something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 the color you remind me of 3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname
"oh, oh why    sometimes i wonder why you people friend me  im beginning to think its to pad your friends list "
mea <propfemale> cupla
mmmm pizza   
saevio horrendeoa occasus nex
"i crept out <propfemale> stark tonight  i think i am awesome, esp since it involved mom  hehehehehehe"
been removing some spammers from my friends  i dont want to read gangsta and i dont read spanish  ahh my <propfemale> looks so much cleaner 
"kyrie eleison  quia peccavi nimis cogitatione verbo et opere  mea culpa, mea culpa  mea <propfemale> cupla  kyrie eleison "
<propfemale> samhain everyone  have a blessed and frightful day 
watching the haunted marathon on animal planet  ooo i love it 
had a very interesting samhain  did a small communication ritual to speak with a few dead  i think i crossed over a young child too  it is such a sobering moment   
"mmm thinking about going to get some taco <propfemale>  some volcano burritos would be a good choice    ah, im hungry "
"unless i grip the sword, i cannot protect you  while gripping the sword, i cannot embrace you "
"yes, we have no <propfemale>  only those swallowed up by ignorance and fear who take false steps, shall plunge us into the muddy waters called \<propfemale>\"" """
i feel freaking horrible! i have a bad case of the ughs  what is wrong with me? :[
"the beginning of my day was awesome  i spent the morning with my best friend sora, her sister <propfemale> and my brother <propmale>  we went to the farmer's market, then taco <propfemale>, then we fed and petted some horses, then went to prairie paws, then to the horse vet in lone <propfemale> park  it was awesome!! x)"
feels like shit again  its to be e playful ected tho  doesnt lessen the dull pain tho 
cant wait til tonight  im gonna have some spiritual fun  hehehe
"who are they? where are they? how can they possibly know all this? do you see what i see? why do we live like this? is it because its true that ignorance is bliss? im sorry, so sorry  im sorry we do this   "
then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel was just a freight train coming your way 
"congrats to those brave ones who wrote in \ctulhu\"" this past \",99916c24bfb3c1ba136f0ec302aa3ef2,playing pokefarm  hahahaha i never thought i would get back into it! thanks sora 
"writing a book  got some great ideas, and will start writing tomorrow  yay!  smile "
writing my book  what should the title be???
"i tell my lies and i despise every second im with you  so i run away and you still stay so what the f ck is wrong with you? your feelings, i cant help but rape them  im sorry, i dont feel the same  my heart inside is constantly hating  im sorry "
"noone plans to take the path that brings you know where, and here you \stand before us all and say its over  its over  it might seem an after \thought, but its my decision  its my decision "
going to see burlesque! after chili's of course! lol
"damn,\ dont you hate it when stupid people comment on sh** they dont even know\ about? and damn, dont you hate it when people who have no sense of \humor comment on a joke? geez, stfu or gtfo!"
im sitting up in the middle of the night cuz i cant go to sleep  thinking about my life and debating on taking some sleeping pills   
why do i always get the scams?? this sucks   
"ifhaoy!!!!! esooy, gthad "
getting ready for my two job interviews  woo hoo go me 
"first interview done, and i think it went like crap  it was quick and i was late  but now i'm in plano waiting on the second one  "
-victory sings- i got a jooob  i got a joooob oh yeah  training starts tomorrow  uh huh  in your face!
"hey guys, looking for a job? have reliable transportation? (it doesnt have you be your car, just reliable) i have a job for you! comment on this and ill shoot you a pm with the information  $8 an hour!"
"farmville guys!!! can i remove a plot? like, make it go away bc i messed up??"
"why does \ill only stay on for a little bit\"" always end up being hours?"""
thank you guys!!!! :') more people said happy birthday than i thought they would  you all have made my day!  love 
"and who do you think you are, running around leaving scars, collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart  your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul  so dont come back for me  dont come back at all  who do you think you are?"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoonfrom your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
hi ho hi ho its off to work i go -whistles- hi ho hi ho   
"a\ little game: you and i wake up in a jail together  using only 4 words, \what doyou say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this\ in yourstatus so i can comment on yours too! fair is fair   "
"lol an hour early for my dinner w friends, looking all neat and pretty and im sitting in my car listening to music  good times good times "
you make me come  you make me complete  you make me completely miserable 
"you could have have it all, my empire of dirt  i will let you down  i will make you hurt "
had an awesome time with my friends tonight  didnt know having dinner would be so much fun! and completely vegetarian too!!
"brb guys, im afk "
"ok, back, if anyone cares "
must  write  book     gah 
i wasted my entire day!! i am so sad  where did my time go??
"i wanted to beat sora at snake, but i cant seem to get any higher than 210 in my current sleep deprived state  until tomorrow, sora!!!!"
finally i beat sora!!! ha take that!
feels like beat crap  i shouldnt have read that book so late   
"<propfirst> <propfirst> swindell and <propfemale> <propmale>, this post is only visible to you two  i am happy that you acknowledge jesus as your lord or whatever it may be, but please refrain from asking me to join stuff like that  you two know i am not christian and am not looking to change  i appreciate your thoughtfulness, however, and thank you two for inviting me to jesus awareness month anyway "
cant seem to get in the mood for work  i wish people were nicer   
"i like work, i hate work  i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it i like it i hate it       i hate mornings   "
i forgot to eat before work and now im irritable  my stomach is gnawing at me and i have no money to fix it  damn you payroll cut of date 
its not fair  i miss him   
"why is everything so fuckin hard for me\keep me down to what you think i must be\must you tempt me and provoke the ministry\keep on trying i won't die so easily\so why wont you die?"
"being a witch never will be easy  even if everyone we know accepts us as we are, we will always walk between worlds and in the valley of death, not just the shadow  we are always on the edge of life and death, and no one can understand where we have been and where we are without being right there beside us  truly, it is a dangerous job "
ugh  just ugh 
"to my friends, am i crazy? do you think i am bat shit insane? do you think there is something wrong with me?"
"hey friends, who wants to go out to eat and or see a movie tonight?"
"i had a great time with <propmale>  we went to see tangled, which is a good movie  something nice for the whole family  i cant wait to see season of the witch  yay!"
you know the world is fucked when they sell pregnant items on a child's station 
"guys!! who all is coming to the party to see season of the witch tomorrow? come on, sound off!"
"had an amazing night with <propfemale> and joiey! season of the witch was pretty good, but i liked the bullshitting we did afterward at wingstop! god, i got to go out more!!!"
overall a great night  i had a couple tradegies happen but no biggie  goddess i have learned my lesson and i am sorry  i swear to straighten up 
"so, to tell everyone, last night i went to a costume dinner party and had my first victorian style four course meal! everything went great until i went to go home  i started to drive away when i felt something wrong with my tire  i pulled over to check, and my tire was flat "
what makes a friend? is it trust or love or forgiveness or laughter? what is it that keeps people friends for years?
damn you facebook! i hate you!
"im off to see the wizard, the glorious wizard of oz  d: the book wicked really gives you some twisted views of oz, and never again can i see the wizard of oz in the same light again!"
"yours is not to question why\yours is to do or die"
? is my nickname! take it or leave it  hahaha 
"my nerves are fried  people are getting under my skin quite easily today, and idk why  must be because of the nightmare last night "
so so so excited that my staff is on its way!!! oh i cant wait!! -girly squeel-
"the new fb privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" is now in effect  the new setting shares your data with non-fb sites & it is automatically set to \""enabled\""  go to account>privacy settings>apps & websites>instant personalization>edit settings & uncheck \""enable\""  make sure your friends do this or info will be shared about you through their pages as well  please copy and repost """
"i am ok in my delusions  i am happy and comfortable, and i refuse to change that  i refuse to believe anything else  i refuse   "
"please god, make it stop "
"don't waste words with me\here's not the chamber for it\evil has never loved you\nobody has ever loved you"
"there's no promise of safety with these secondhand wings\but i'm willing to find out what impossible means \i'll climb through the heavens on feathers and dreams\'cause the melting point of wax means nothing to me "
but how will i know limits from lies if i never try?
today i am ok  i am level for the first time in a while  im moving on  is this the peace and calm people talk about?
"the last few nights have been interesting to say the least  fuck, just go away!! whats wrong with you?"
"oh goddess, i am so nervous! what if this thing embarrasses me in from of the whole group?? i wouldnt be able to show my face again    ~ ~"
yay its gone!!! -does a dance-
"i can catch the floating stars they make the darkness brighter\even though they burn holes in my hand\i can dive into the waters so deep i cant breathe\cuz there i feel things you wont understand"
"<propfemale>'s funeral is thursday  visitation is wed from 6 to 8pm  i dont know the place yet, but im hoping to find out later this week "
"@<propfemale> stark, you wanted snow, you got snow  sorry its a bit late, but better late than never  lmao"
"ahhhhhhhhhhhh i feel happy!! idk why, but i feel great! i hope this lasts "
"no, now this is the best compliment!! \and i always enjoy complimenting something pretty   smile \"" oooo  love   love   love """
oh i still have snow in my hair    awesome!!
best quote ever: death is the new life 
"oh god of migraines, why? why did you curse me with your presence? please, go away     ugh "
i procrastinate and thats ok because im ten times less likely to become a serial killer!!  love   laugh 
"yay i had an interview today and i think i did great! i pray that i get this job, for i would be set  oh lord and lady, please bless me with this job!!!"
"can we just pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? cuz i need a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now "
"what do you mean, evil has never loved you as i do?"
going to the park with my brother  bbl 
got back from the park and dinner with <propmale>  i feel better being outside  i should do that much more often 
"ugh, i have the same hatred of <propfirst>'s day as every other single person on my facebook  i always hated that crawling feeling i got when i saw a couple, but this year is punctuated simply by the failed relationship i left behind  i wish i had someone to spend this commercialized holiday with    "
"already today i've been wished a happy v day  but from this one, i do not mind   love  *kitsune*"
"i got mom a <propfemale> for valentines day, and <propmale> got her a little bear  he is such a cute kid "
"my card from mom: where other people would fall, you rise to the occasion, and where other people would see a problem, you see a possibility  you understand hard times happen but you dont stand back you step in  you help, soothe, and inspire- and probably dont even realize how amazing you are "
"yay, job interview! thursday morning for home depot!  laugh   love "
"i despise not mornings themselves, but the feeling of having to wake up during them and my general grouchiness for everything  if only i was a morning person "
i am thoroughly disgusted with my country  i think the top ten percentile should die and actually give the other ninety percent a <propmale> at living like humans should 
taking <propmale> to bball practice 
"omg why are all the texas guys fucking crazy?!? dont use zoosk girls, all the psycho use it "
"watching the good witch's garden, on the hallmark channel  d:"
"<propfemale>'s a bitch, isnt it?"
"i just realized how absolutely addicted i was to travian all those years ago  truly, truly addicted  so addicted, in fact, that i spent every single moment of my life glued to the computer and would get violent if removed  when i was forced to stop, i suffered from withdrawals    just, wow "
omg apocalyptica is playing at the house of blues on mar 27th!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am totally going!!!!
"my horoscope: true love will careen into your life without warning next week, spin you around, take your breath away, dislocate your elbow, shatter your femur, and move on without having noticed you "
omg i am so jealous i didnt get to go to pantheacon!!! i will have to go next year!!!
"@midas right now  about to go out for lunch, then off to walmart  busy day "
ive got to stop beating myself up 
"so, a few days ago i was accused of identity theft by <propfemale> huerta  i know a few of you are her friends, but when someone makes accusations that they cant back up, they usually apologize  im still waiting for that apology   super super mad "
 watches the daily show             vomits with anger 
"<propfemale>, you are a bitch!!! dx"
this is what i get for knowing only one side  i should know better than this  i am ashamed of myself  >_>
und wir sind <propfemale> helden nur diesen tag 
at the biggest loser casting call  wish me luck! im gonna need it 
"there are levels of fat  i thought i was bad, but i saw a woman and went damn!! i'm glad she didn't hear me    "
omfg bubble wrap is addictive!!!!!1!!!11!!one
"japan update: a second volcano has erupted and another nuclear reactor has had a meltdown  i am afraid to ask what else may happen      sad  please send your thoughts and prayers for these people, and make a donation if you can "
"exhausted    my mental capacities have been strained this night, not that i am complaining  this night was very informative, and i have made friends from around the world  i just hope that i see them again  good night everyone "
blurg 
"i am thinking about becoming a politician, and actually doing something about the bullshit we call american politics  what do you think guys?"
"guys, i need ideas for a video submission to biggest loser  i need ideas please!!! like, how to show off my personality, and be awesome  anything guys, please "
"omg i need to make deviled eggs for tonight!!!!! d: oh oh, busy busy day "
there is no love in fear 
i am drinking silk's purealmond dark chocolate  its pretty good actually 
"via parie <propmale>, urgent!!! please join us! we are sending healing energy & light to a friend's 22 month old baby boy~ he just shot himself in the chest with a <propmale> nailer~ it entered & lodged in his heart  he is in critical condition    prayers are welcomed too!!"
"wtf was that, dreamworld?"
raspberry yall 
off to a job interview  wish me luck 
i ran over a monster in my car because the voices told me to 
i have 69 game requests  that's what she said!!!!!!!!
"mama, why? just why  no more of your bumblebees, misses "
\to these will i teach things that are yet unknown \,99916c24bfb3c1ba136f0ec302aa3ef2,going to bed now  i wonder what today will have in store for me  looking forward to my dreams 
"for you, <propmale> angel gill: on this day, 1915, a french aviator flew over a <propmale> camp and dropped what appeared to be a huge bomb  the <propmale> soldiers immediately scattered in all directions, but no e playful losion followed  after some time, the soldiers crept back and gingerly approached the bomb  they discovered it was actually a large football with a note tied to it that read, \april fool!\"""""
"oh, what to do, what to do! shall i take over the world today, pinky? indeed i shall   "
"the sun feels so good today, and the wind is making it wonderful  oh my lord, i hope you give me a beautiful tan   "
"i know what i am going to do while im waiting for fall!!! i am going to dive into my pagan stuff, like learning more about herbs and getting my bos in order  yes     laugh "
"sitting at a bar, listening to <propfemale> mcgibbins from the very first american idol  she's really good "
<propfemale> opportunity one: pay for a lady's 5 dollar food <propmale> cuz she couldnt - missed  sad   second opportunity: pick up newspaper pieces and litter a group threw all over the strip mall behind house - done  smile 
