aa5e3cac9070a4258a7a8ebb4cb26500
desperately needs a nap 
heading out for some greek cuisine  yum!
come see the concrete cowboys at the new copper <propfemale> tonight!
happy 4th loves!
hasn't been on facebook in forever 
my beautiful daughter <propfemale> turned 2 yesterday!
making another batch of kahlua! can't wait to taste test   smile 
i love my friends and family  just thinking of them makes my heart smile 
my son is eating the <propfemale> decorations off the gingerbread house as fast as we put them on 
"sending sweet condolences to one of the best people i know, one of my best friends  know that you are loved my dearest "
"loves being one of <propfemale>'s elves  shopping, wrapping, all of it "
"had to make a trip to the er this morning  talya's first er visit   sad  luckily, no stitches needed "
"\throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow \"" <propfirst> <propmale> peale"""
is watching the first snowflakes of winter '09 
"\the world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning \"" <propfemale> baker priest wishing everyone a safe and fun new years <propfemale> """
excited that a good friend that i haven't seen for a while might visit 
happy hump day!
"\the hangover\"" was outrageously hilarious!"""
enjoyed portland's beautiful weather today  today reminded me why i love the northwest 
still has a heavy heart after saying farewell to my copper <propfemale> co-workers  in a short time they became extended family and i hold them all in my heart  rope-a-dope   smile 
feeling productive 
"i could barely find my besties profile to wish her a happy birthday  every time i get used to fb, they change it  urg "
going to check out a house - fingers crossed 
just returned from a vision check and contact lens fitting  now i get to enjoy this beautiful portland day 
i vow to never let my inbox get so out of control 
good morning loves 
just came in from outside  the kiddos were running through the sprinkler 
"\laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live \"" unknown"""
happy friday everyone!
meeting an interior decorator and a good friend to talk shop  so excited 
what a great meeting  must thank my girl <propfemale> for setting it up  i am lucky to have such a good friend in my corner 
getting my paperwork together to start school in summer 
off to run some errands  hope i don't get poured on (because my hair looks super cute today) 
enjoying a latte to break up all the work i have gotten done this afternoon  how do you reward yourself for plowing through your to-do list?
it's a conspiracy  i just spent more money replacing my printer cartridges than i did on the printer itself  what's up with that?
"umpteenth  definition: very many, indefinitely numerous  example sentence: my son is sick for the umpteenth time this school year "
doing some last minute cleaning before i pick up my mother-in-law at the airport 
having beetza gain for dinner  i love when my mil visits 
happy easter  may you be surrounded by healthy family and unconditional love 
looking at rug ideas for a friend  decorating makes my heart happy 
happy monday darlings  how are you going to make this week exciting?
walking to pick up my son and boy is it cold 
wordpress users: who do you use for web hosting? what are the positives and negatives of your chosen company? any advice is appreciated 
nighty night  time to call it a night 
excited to get the day started  much to do 
just dropped my mil off at the airport  had a wonderful time with her  now back to my normal routine  atleast until tomorrow when my sis and her boyfriend stay with us for a couple of nights   
anyone planning to see <propfirst> bromstad speak at the seattle design center on april 24th?
"every time i tell my son i need to run some errands he asks \who is erin?\"" what a goof ball """
preparing for my next round of visitors- my sister and her boyfriend 
i am refusing to watch dwts until <propfemale> gosselin is voted off 
totally out of my groove  please come back groove 
"the house guests have left and things are looking more like normalcy  it was a nice visit, and i am happy to step back into my routine "
cheers to the weekend! i'm toasting with a drop top <propfemale> ale  what are you toasting with?
"watching \men who stare at goats\"""""
sometimes things just aren't that simple  such is life i suppose  happy sunday all  make the most out of this last day of the weekend!
come on blazers - beat la!
sweet victory for the blazers  we're the lakers worst nightmare!
<propfirst> just gave me two dandelions to keep me company while i work   smile 
"hello to a new week  \he who chooses the beginning of the road chooses the place that it leads to \"" <propmale> <propmale> fosdick"""
my five-year-old son just asked me to please not waste his time 
one day i will have a cleaning person that comes once a week 
still delighted by the blazers win last night against okc 
"listening to the twilight soundtrack  its still one of my faves, although i listen to it almost daily "
going to make the most of this beautiful morning by taking my daughter to the park to play 
"the meteorolbeen wrong, wrong, and wrong again lately  atleast today they were"
"just spent 70 bucks replacing our keyboard after my son spilled chocolate milk on the old one  he is banned from the computer for, like, ever "
"loved the feature of <propfemale> aniston's home in architectural digest, march 2010  especially the soaking tub in the master suite "
"\i work hard for the money   \"" that song is stuck in my head"""
never lose sight of what you want  persevere and it will come 
i can't find my planner anywhere  beyond frustrating!
"seriously, i have looked everywhere and still can not find my planner "
getting things together for a dump run  part of spring cleaning 2010 
gotta love craigslist for getting rid of unwanteds fast 
watching game 1 of the blazers vs suns series  let's go blazers!
and the blazers take game 1! woot woot!
still on top of the world after the blazers steal game one in az 
putting another coat of white paint on my mantel and watching divine design  life is good 
i just created my first web <propfemale>  all by myself  yay me!
watching the blazers play game 2 against the suns 
time to roll up my sleeves and get to work 
"this is the third time i've put soup on the stove, told myself not to forget about it, then left it until it boiled  i don't want to wait 15 minutes for it to cool  i'm hungry peeps   "
"get your \feeling hands\"" off my mantel """
"happy earth day  lets all do are part, not just today, but everyday "
question for techies: what text editing program do you use?  i have a <propmale> and need suggestions   
"just to clarify: \augmented reality\"" doesn't refer to breast implants and push-up bras """
on the agenda: the 82nd ave <propfemale> parade and my son's baseball game 
<propfirst> <propfirst> to start in today's game! go blazers!
i don't want to hear <propfirst> barkley doubting the blazer's decision to play <propfirst> tonight  they are a smart organization and obviously don't want to put <propfirst>'s health in jeopardy  barkley is just scarred that his former team is going to lose to us  **and this concludes my rant**
had a busy and exhausting day  but got a lot done 
wow  it's only 9:15am and already my heart is overflowing with all the birthday love  thank you all for thinking of me!
still pissed about blazers suns game 5  wondering if it's satisfying to win a game through bad officiating?
"the one place i didn't look for my planner until today? the pipe that connects my up stairs fireplace with my down stairs fireplace  luckily the pipe \l's\"" making my planner reachable  now i can return the new planner i just bought yesterday  what luck smile """
just got a call from <propfirst>'s school  someone in his class struck him in the back with a pair of scissors  thank god he is okay 
"attempting to write an \about me\"" essay and struggling """
sitting at the ford dealership while they work on a recall issue  hoping they are quick 
proud of my blazers and their '09-'10 season 
i've been quiet the past couple days  hope everyone is well 
i've been quiet the past couple days  hope everyone is well 
saw avatar last night and l o v e d  it!
"overheard my son and his friends say, \oops \"" that's never a good thing    """
what a beautiful evening! i love pdx on nights like this 
bummed that the class i need to take is no longer offered during summer term  i'll have to wait until fall   sad 
goodness - i deserve a medal for making the cutest babies  my son is taking baseball pics with his team and looks too cute!
"awesome day  <propfirst> won his game, and got two hits  got a ton of stuff done outside  and added $40 to my decorating fund  yay "
happy mother's day to all the moms out there  remember how important our job is today 
"a little perturbed with ikea  a rug advertised online for 19 99 was 39 99 in the store  when i asked, a clerk stated that individual stores can set their own prices  but double? really?"
i love the smell of sawdust  especially when it's from the installation of new windows 
it never fails that my drill needs to be charged right in the middle of a project 
"a part of me loves a person who seldom gives praise  because when they do, it means a lot  on the flip side, when they don't, they're just plain jerks  complicated, i know   wink "
had a lovely day celebrating my son's 6th birthday! i remember his birth as if it were yesterday   
"after a nice weekend free of social media and home improvement projects, i feel refreshed and ready to get back to it "
converting my basement into a den  so much of a space is how we think of it   
loves getting packages in the mail  thanks mare!
<propfirst> only has 8 more days of kindergarten!?!
now that the seams of the ceiling tiles are painted in i can start rolling the ceiling 
never do upper body strength training the day before rolling ceiling paint  my shoulders are cursing me!
"super duper, head in the clouds, over the <propfemale>, excited for sunday  crazy happy i am "
"after such a beautiful <propfemale> day yesterday, the rain has returned in portland "
i had something to say  too bad i can't remember what it was    
"about halfway through watching \it's complicated\"" the disc started skipping and could not be played  the first half was cute   """
i have a crush on <propmale> baldwin 
sometimes i forget that i can become that which i admire 
2 surprise 0pm - how'd you get here so fast?
frustrated 
"sick to my stomach after watching a (sad excuse for a) mother curse at, yank around, and literally pull her crying child out of school "
"the bad news: just found out i have glaucoma at age 29  the good news: my opthamologist is really easy on the eyes, if you know what i mean   smile "
"really irritated that someone just pounded on my door, causing my dog to freak out and bark like crazy, which in turn, woke my sleeping two year old, only to leave two  unwanted booklets on my step  two booklets that are headed straight for the recycle bin  there has got to be a better way for them to spread their word "
my little sister is finally on fb  i never thought i'd see the day 
ground turkey+rice+zucchini+green pepper+tomato+chili powder = yummy
<propfirst>'s last day of kindergarten???
"each time i type \kindergarten\"" i have to look up whether it is spelt with a \""d\"" or a \""t \"""""
"i love that <propfirst> <propfirst> and nate mcmillan comforted students at skyline elementary, where kyron horman is still missing  that is why it is so easy to be a blazer fan "
finally got to see my girls over coffee and delicious french breakfast foods 
"happy fathers day to all the papas, especially the papa to mine!"
the class i want to take is cancelled for the third time  urg  maybe the universe is telling me that it isn't the right course of action???
had a great 4th and am enjoying the extra day off with my <propfemale>! (love you babe)
just finished a long overdue email to a close friend  headed to bed now  nighty night 
i've been out of the fb loop for a minute  hope everyone is well 
"omg, \date night\"" was hilarious!"""
"feeling grateful to have such an awesome job, working with such great people "
heading back into work to organize  (one of my favorite things to do ) then painting at home and enjoying the gorgeous weather 
"today i'll remember that a humble hand reaches for growth, not perfection "
finally have a fully functional phone  how did i go so long?
brrr
note to self: wash curtains before hemming  i washed my daughters curtains and now they are high waters- not acceptable 
taking <propfirst> for a haircut  wednesday is picture day 
how can i trick my son into taking cold medicine? and how is it possible that he is sick again already?
i love starting my day with clear-cut goals  thanks d!
its not even 6am and i have already run errands and stopped by the office 
"open mouth, insert foot  that's how i roll "
my company left- time to do chores 
carving pumpkins with the fam  life is good 
so excited for opening night for my portland trailblazers! i l loved the opening song-great pick 
it's audit day at work  wish us luck 
onboarding my 2nd group of 12 for their new job  everyone is excited to start  fingers crossed everyone gets here on time 
tgif  that's all i have to say about that 
<propfirst> lost his first tooth!
"yesterday- a much needed day of rest  today- powering through my to-do list  first up, cleaning and laundry "
"after spending the last 3 5 hours making, cooling, cutting, and packaging brownies for my clients, i realized that i don't like baking! next time i'll pay someone else to do it "
the downside to having our new prius- deciding who gets to drive it  its my turn today  (finally)
"happy birthday <propfirst>  you are the best father, husband, and friend a girl could dream of  i love you forever "
my job is frustrating sometimes  some guy just got done ripping me a new one because i wouldn't tell him what client i was recruiting for  apparently telling him he was applying with my company wasn't the right answer for him  good luck with your job search you abusive loser!
"training is going great, though i am missing my girls "
go ducks!
coming up to tacoma this weekend  what fun is going down on saturday night? let me know so i can see if my mom will kiddo-sit   
happy as a clam
always a special spot in my heart for old friends  sweet that they love me as much as i love them 
really proud of the training packets i put together for my new hires  the theme - choose success  i do- do you?
wishing my bestie a fabulous 30th! i know she's celebrating well in cancun with great friends  wish i was there 
