afbacf1a58dd7ceed0e464c28154e3a3
"down to 102 friends   i'd like to delete more but i already eliminated the ones that don't talk, haven't known them, arent funny and aren't staying because they're hot  <propfemale> if you end up missing  you can re-add and prove we're friends"
anyone else have loooots of homework??
is sleepy  wow so much to do so little time  
wants to know whats poppin fo fo fo-fo folks
hello world   anyone care to chat with me tonight before i hit it
"so when i procrastinate that's one thing, but when parents do i guess you're just screwed huh?   ughh i can't get things done  it's so annoying"
wonders if there are any girls that think he's cute 
just got home  plans for tomorrow? lets do it
"my heart hurts, not because i'm sad, not because of love or a woman, but because change is painful sometimes    i dunno how to e playful lain how i feel  i'm just going to call it growing pains "
is sleepy
wonders if boobs look better in a 3 million dollar bra
lil <propmale>? no ceilings mixtape? i'm feelin it!!
hey could someone off my mom? im tired of waiting
just got my sat  it's an 1890 
shwayze's nw album is my soundtrack for a minute
is <propfemale> glad the clocks went back  ugh november is going to be tough  i really have to make sure everything is taken care of  no distractions 
today was productive  gonna work on a few things tonight to get on track for this week  how is everyone doing?  smile 
i wish i could freestyle life like i do everything else and have it tuurn out just as good
over hyped for some reason    probably cuz i was dead all today today
"well if <propmale> invented it, i must own the copyright   no one can do it like me  wink "
no more underage girls after tonight  anybody wanna get it in before it will get me locked up lmao jkjkjk
a little bird told me these girls aren't as innocent as i think
hmm i need some aviators
church on the move   
19 days before vegas baby
"is on top of the world for no reason at all  simply stated, slick is back   smile  idely"
"i'm going so umm   hey girl, hey girl, hey girl, hey girl, hey girl   which one a y'all?"
definitely 3 am
gee can anyone that has ap stats mail me one of the projects (csa or whats your best offer) they have saved so i can just change <propfirst> and info  i'd pay for em  hit me up
"hey girl you should lemme make yo bedrock cuz i know you'll be running back, somethin like a sex jock  wink "
"i'm up, spirits up, hit me up"
"at the mall shoppin, fresh is not an option"
big tyme!!! eff diddy   red jacket!
oh and hofstra acceptance came in
is prep'n the suitcase  smile 
my trip has been all e playful ense paid   thank you dice game i love vegas
"wonders if love is all you need   can you really keep it without everything else? i hope so, because i'm starting to doubt it's real agian  annoyed "
"just got home from campaign office, errands, jogging   etc  no rest mann"
souljaboy stole my favorite instrumental in the world and effed it the hell up with lame kill <propmale>
"\im feeling like a <propmale> standing around a bunch of pc's\"" ~nathan   perfect quote"""
anyone else think souljaboy found a ghostwriter?! like the new joints are all blazing outta nowhere
when i'm loving you   why would you wanna break up? kinda obvious though isn't it?
"due to an increasing volume of relationship offers, i have decided to publicly announce that i will not be considering any relationships or attempts at love before the date of june 12, 2010 "
i'm going to relax whether it affects my future or not!
"so i'm moving out on august 16th  no matter what happens i'm going  i'll most likely be headed to college on the west coast (pepperdine, unlv, u of pacific)  if not i'm gonna be looking for work"
i'm epic 
feels totally at peace with the world  gonna get a rock band session in  hit me up 
has been asked if he was gay four times now?! really where the hell does that come from? if someone can point it out i'd be very interested to know 
"dude i'm so sick of having to wear clothes  thanks alot <propfemale>, you just had to eat the apple!"
abdc is on season 5?! i really don't watch tv   last one i saw was supreme soul's season which was what 3?
heartache   ugh any medicine for that?
ok so kenwood seniors   school tomorrow orrr no?
when is spring break?
good morning everybody  smile  if you're sexy and you know it hit me up
first half   huge stop   1:10 to go    colts punt it and waste the stop    saints punt   game over   srsly rookie head coach
unlv i'm in there  smile  whaddup fam
i can never sleep late even when i'm allowed
bout to get a rock band session in
ahhhh trying to lock down this unlv situation  phone calls to make tomorrow
"mom threatened my life a bunch of times  including \i might kill you\"" \""i will kill you\"" \""don't go to sleep\"" \""if you eat any food i'll poison you\"" and \""i will bust your head with this glass\"" do i call the police?"""
i gotta get back to vegas and claim my life again man
is gonna try reaally hard not to blow my election judge check on these <propfirst> bans
pretty active facebook night
i wake up to find boondocks got pushed back to may 2nd ahhhh man i was so hype  this is the story of my life  sigh i see how this day is going
"\it's not  illegal   it's frowned upon\"" """
o: the psn modern warfare community is gonna be upset slickoutlaw just mastered quickscoping!!!!
pretty short but relaxing day   this week will be a bit hectic getting things done  i think i'm gonna buy the new pokemon silver tomorrow just for the nostalgia  pretty girls hit me up?
pretty good day spiritually  
vegas late may   hit me up if you wanna see me when i come out
if you're sexy and you know it hit me up   clap clap
ughh somebody just shoot me
back to the old grind   working this out a day at a time 
ladies look at your man    back to me   now back at your man   now back to me   sadly he isn't me 
is competive  doesn't like to lose  won't ever like to lose  refuses to continue losing  is a sore loser  doesn't like to <propfemale> around people who don't win also known as losers   ahhh i'm gonna e playful lode on someone!!!       deep breath    gonna go win and vent on a call of duty session 
can't even sleep  i keep thinking about today's game  gonna work hard in practice  not to mention my brothers over here on warcraft with hella keyboard clicking
so hot in    so hot in here! maan   psn - slickoutlaw
miniskirt rule - skirt must be long enough to cover the subject and short enough to hold interest  also applies to essays
"baller, shot caller, twenty inch blades on the impala!"
god is love  there is no love where god is not present  so simple and yet so often forgotten 
so i was thinking about getting these jabbawockeez tickets but i don't think i got anyone to go with
just something that came to mind when i hear about all of these kids getting shot    i've never lost anyone dear to me   i never had anyone dear to me   i think there are less than 11 that id mourn over and i dont think my mom is one    kinda depressing
its funny how some of my friends join groups at the same time even though theyre a 1000 <propmale> apart
i would say eff my life but it's screwed enough at this point  i feel awful
so tomorrow is 4 20   who's getting baked?
can never sleep after bad losses
short tempered   tonight   gonna try to sleep it off
lame day   good night facebook   leave me stuff ill get back tomorrow
"just when you think life's all figured out, everything goes wrong   i'm starting to think life's just trying to see if we'll stick by what we know before we scrap our ideals to adjust"
off to eat  gonna hop on call of duty  then hop on later tonite
are you the police? no ma'am we're musicians 
wants a cute friendly girl to talk and <propfemale> with to get my mind off some of this bs life is hitting me with
today i'm just budgeting and planning my upcoming purchases and e playful enses  then call of duty session for a little bit then i'll see what everyone's up to  bros and lovely ladies feel free to hit me up 
"if my name wasn't <propmale>, what do you think it would be?"
"ugggghhhhhh sick outta nowhere man i can't get any rest, breathe, or lose this headache"
"headache, cold, allergies ugh i feel dead  sad "
can't wait to make his triumphant return  1 week  3 days left
1 week and 1 5 days left
a week left  smile 
ughh i don't wanna do anything yet i have so much to do
so if you're lonely    you know i'm heeere waiting for you   i'm just a crosshair    i'm just a shot away from you  and if you leave here     
today is a very franz <propmale> day  
got me a macbook pro! i'm a <propmale>  wink 
4 days left
"feelin like \yezzir!\""     pharrell bumpin"""
illecism is the most underrated rapper in (or out) the game hands down  tenga <propfemale> refresca v 2
fell alseep listening to illecism   5 songs later the joint went so hard i had to wake up to listen
"3 days left    i'm gonna definitely sync my music so that when i step off the plane, i hit the drum solo from \in the air tonight\"" by <propmale> collins"""
2 days    
"so who wants to do something tomorrow night when \i get to vegas"
"haha \umm i need a big bag for my clothes\""    dad pulls out battle ravaged g i  bag  """
first night in vegas   maan i was missing out on some crazy stuff for this past year  chicago has really chilled me out
what's up   anybody doing anything tonight?
is officially a unlv biology <propmale> (pre-professional)
anybody wanna chill? i kinda wanna get a slush at sonic (happy hour) but yeah who's free
just woke up from the best mid-afternoon sleep ever  missed my happy hour slush but totally worth it  my dreams were so bizarre
"went to the park to hoop tonight, got a good workout, plan to see some familiar faces at senior breakfast tomorrow  good night everybody  god bless  if you wanna <propfemale> out tomorrow i'll be free at 12; i plan on getting a sonic slush during happy hour "
somebody read me a bedtime story or something  that nap earlier is keepin me up
i want do something with people tonight  all welcome   females preferred  karate kid tomorrow night  so what's poppin fo fo fo-fo folks?
"is in from an unintended hoop session, blew a ton of cash at fashion show mall on some things, and is thankful to be off tomorrow  smile "
karate kid tonight  
karate kid was awesome  gonna knock out a couple finals tomorrow  i cannot wait til next week  yo i miss you bro  you're in my prayers 
where's my phone! i hate waiting on shipping
"i vibe to this chill reggae music and wonder why i don't smoke weed    then i remember \that's right i need my brain functional!\"""""
"i was debating whether this is funny    \you know <propfirst> <propmale> died?\"" \""whatchu talkin' bout willis?\"""""
cleaned my body   cleaned my space   ready for another day   what's going on ppl?
red <propfirst> was good  had a nice nap  its saturday  lets kick it
townsquare   memorial day weekend   oh let's do it  
got my new hat finally  papa is a rollin' stone   
nigga moments+nigga synthesis (a perpetual bond formed in mutual appreciation of trivial or ignorant things) = complete disaster
interesting day   call of duty   bbq meet up   strolling through the mandalay   funny times at taco <propfemale>    million dollar moments in walmart   followed by night time tennis in the park
i love all the love surging through facebook today with these something i like about you posts
cap and gown tomorrow! hit me up with all the grad parties folks
new phone   like this status if you want the number
just waking up in the morning gotta thank god  
finally got this grad attire which has been about a year overdue lol   holla if you wanna chill; i'm feelin' good
seeing karate kid a second time tonight  what else is goin down
text me to sleep yo (like for the new number)
"going to study a little, connect with god, pray for friends and loved ones and make sure he understands where my heart is   then i'm going on a job hunt  lol"
yo friday night  wuz goin down?
any wanna do a late movie tonight?
reggae session on itunes radio  jah man
6 hours o' sleep   not bad  good morning all   bout to fill out this app  then laundry  then write a letter   then you can make my day better   hit me up
folks what's poppin tonight?
k so party in henderson and one on grand teton    which ones am i missing? anything actually in town?
"feeling clean and sharp  mentally, physically, and spiritually  let's tackle this last task and coast for the rest of the week "
man just woke up  gonna be up late
yeesss boston
"like this status if you like me as a friend, poke me if you think i'm cute, inbox me if you're crushing on me   put this as your status if your brave enough  wink "
105 degrees at 8pm!! really!? i guess sun doesn't matter anymore
so tonights episode of the boondocks teaches us    being nice to the weird kid doesn't always pay off sometimes it makes you an accomplice?
lol what if i named my son sirius? sirius <propfirst> lmao
got to be there   got to be there   in the mooorning  wink 
whaddup people? hit me up like ka-bow!
"why not it's justfb  see what people rate you \[1] crazy  [2] wish we went out  [3]talkative  [4] sarcastic  [5] lovable  [6] sexy  [7] strong [8] dumb [9] spoiled  [10] mouthy  [11] wild  [12] goofy  [13] funny [14]awesomly awesome  [15] amazing  [16] beautiful  [17] cute  [18] drama   queen  [19] best friend  [20] want to get to know you see more"
trying to gather a team for get him to greek tonight   oh let's do it?
time to wake up and go take whats mine  
early to bed   early to rise i suppose  good morning party ppls
don't lose ya soul  wisdom is bettah than silver and gold  jahman zion train  smile 
wants to go eat before the party  stranded til a ride comes through though
ohh not very warm out  might have to bring out rossi
goal!!! lol i'm for england but i'm just glad to see some scoring hahaha
had an interesting night  we saw some old buddies  mikayla at zumiez was helpful  partied in moderation w  new friends  went home safe & sound with some urging from the local law enforcement  sunday service was great today as well 
woah no way 10 surprise 7? today blew by
can't sleep    don't wanna wake anyone up   ughh lame
thank jah for the day  hello world  smile 
yes! fixed my macbook pro airport issues  i love the internet  such a wealth of knowledge
"just waking up again   crazy like beyond cinema type dreams lately   now that i'm back on earth, haha what's going on?"
este es la mejor musica <propmale> mundo!!! jajaja
whoaa thank youu!!!! gran turismo 5 coming november 2!!! i'm definitely pre-ordering the special edition
<propfirst>'s day was a movie for people with add  don't recommend
i could get with this or i could get with that   but of course the choice is yours lol
it's in the morning  
man there's so much to absorb in the word  started study in may yet i'm just getting to deuteronomy  then i go back through and read the other versions and get more out of it  then i go back to kjv and it's different than the first time i read it! definitely tougher than any other subject  at least it's a fun and rewarding challenge
"(2 months ago) mom: \ you living here is not going to work  you need to get your shit together so you can move out\""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,night facebook 
or maybe i wont sleep tonight   that's cool too  annoyed 
"unlv account before: you owe $9,508    unlv account after: you owe $ 2,883 25  yes!! in-state is the business"
if you have not seen the skyy <propfirst> show on youtube watch the vids prepared to laugh
boston let's go! this one is for <propfemale>
whoaa come on common  that was uncalled for
k cool  back to the bulls  lebron and <propmale> for 2010 let's get em
hmm what to do at 2am  i need to get some booty calls haha jk
"god gave me some sweet new battle equipment this morning  it fits perfectly and looks great on me  he said seize all that you need, just remember to do it in my name  let's go take over!"
ahhh reggae is the best    just gonna kick back til someone decides to be social with me  most likely gonna hit tonight's party 
nearly ruined my perfect record in this game with one shot
"since all my facebook friends are pretty much my peers, i'm going to have to conclude that saying happy father's day won't reach many dads  but it is sunday and the service was good so i'll definitely thank the father"
"good morning everybody  smile  today i've got school and finance business to take care of  all should be done by 2 leaving me open this afternoon  \thought for the morning: \do you ever feel like you're seeking something more real than the people around you are?\"""""
"honest for 24hours; you can ask me any question (only in my inbox) any question & you'll have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get "
"hello world! another good morning   i've got no formal obligations, so today i'll probably read or job hunt from home until i find out what everybody is doing "
ok sorta backwards but i picked clothes now to find out where to go   hit me up ppls   text it
today was awesome  didn't get to see exactly who i wanted but it worked out  scoped out some great apartments   i think it'll be moving time extremely soon  just need green lights from the bros
"qualifications: an applicant w  customer service e playful erience   i've been a customer all my life i know how these interactions go down   you smile, greet, be a pest about a new product, lather rinse repeat"
"man thunderstorms in chicago, i actually do miss you  i can't even wear valentino here  annoyed "
winding down faster than a exotic dancer on a greased vertical metal pipe   wanna talk hit me up   if not zzz zzzz 
"hahaa oh man i remember a point when simply calling out \ballin'!\"" could get an entire room to perform a shooting hand gesture  weird how new music turns classic  """
ughhh advising session at unlv at 3  i have no clue how i can get back  annoyed  help
"lol okay so i'm absolutely stranded at the forum shops  i think i'm gonna pick up some apps until i can find a rescue  the line at apple is madness  but hey anybody in the area? if not, i've got gas cash "
might have to bite the bullet   no one is available with a car in the next 3 hours?
yes free ipod touch! can touch this lol
is posted at unlv until the soar kidds are finished up  
i think it's gonna be nap time pretty soon  
i just need somebody to loooooooove!
i hoped you were the one  i guess   you were the prototype
"oh boy whaat a lonnggg day  i don't know what to do about some things that are going on  i just feel dizzy with all the bs  gotta get back to god  nothing else really matters anyway  so back to working out, reading the word, and finding work  priorities   re-engaged"
"\you wanna come home?\"" \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,movies were pretty cool today   too bad the middle school age group owns town square  hey any going ons tonight?
is blessed this day  all those who bless me will be blessed; all who curse me will be cursed 
wants to start an optometry club at unlv  i think it would be cool to do  i'll keep it in mind until i sort out the details and money
   i throw my hands up in the air sometimes  
"operation: cute to sexy by september 5, 2010 is in effect   gotta wake up early to beat this heat or get it in at night "
so my itouch that was supposed to be free after a rebate showed up at my door  i'm very happy and yet i'm hoping my dad didn't just buy it w o the rebate because i mentioned it   he's that kinda guy   
is feeling refreshed this morning  gonna do small workouts and read <propfirst> and deuteronomy throughout the day  looking forward to the last airbender tonight  hit me up wouldjah
heading out for the last airbender (aka the movie that should've been called avatar but whatever) in about an hour  txt it after that 
"attention everyone: if you are a fan of the real avatar (the airbender), or movies with good acting, or not being forced to wear 3-d glasses for no reason, do not go see the last airbender in theaters!!! it sucks"
well the car should be here this week   i wish it was a ninja   but that's okay at least the car will be a bit more comfortable for a special lady friend that wants to ride around   still the ninja is wayy sexier
how come the people i have the most mutuals w  are people i never <propmale> out with lol we need to fix that
chilling at unlv for a couple hours   got my workout in for the morning   it's day 2 but i'm wayy sore   a good sore though  what's going on today?
playing with reason and loving it   making music w  a click here a click there
soreness is starting to fade   time to workout  
just finished working out the body   still debating whether to rest tomorrow morning or run again   now time to work out the spirit   gonna go for the finish on deuteronomy tonight and watch the wednesday study i missed online  i'll be up awhile  keep me company?
is getting up from the nap; can't run tonight because the calves are wayy to sore to walk; will do some upper body sets in an hour or two; bumping some tunes   whats poppin folks
"rate me 1-10  if you want to specify a category you're rating, feel free  like the status and i'll rate you "
"i'm only gonna break break your, break break your heart    except you babe   i want you   i'll never leave you broken   you'll be my only  baby are you down down down down down?"
i think i wanna lace another track might have to pull out the pen and pad
"so i refuse to go see twilight without a female companion  regardless of how interesting it probably is, i'm just not doing it lol  holla if ya wanna go sometime"
man i got everything and i'm still so empty   only thing keeping me going is the reason god sent me   so i keep smiling   i keep being friendly   helping everyone with the love god lent me  
"realizes that living with god has enhanced my life greatly, but living for him will give me control over my life  "
the recommended pages are so funny  money - many who like women like this  eating - many who like sleeping like this  
i wanna start school already  annoyed \
"ate and is now going to sleep  work at 12  long day, long week, long month ugh back to working out to tomorrow though  i'm not sore anymore"
i wanna see the girl who does the vocals on owl city's saltwater room she sounds hot lol
"just got back from a job tonight  get my cut in the morning   drug dealing is wayy easier than they say, but pimpin' that stuff ain't easy ahahaha jk good night or morning or breaking <propfemale> or whatever it is"
"rest of the summer to do list: \see grandma \continue getting in shape\get my car (which my parents are taking care of)\find work  \find roommates  (holla if you're really serious)\find an nice apartment (though i kinda know where i'd like to go)  \buy books  \start school  \find a lady to warm up to for the upcoming cold winter "
oh man i feel like i'm in critical condition  it's good though i wanted to run extremely hard since it's been a couple days  wanna hit 3 more sets of 30 so i feel sore later 
"ayo    check it     uh     chea      let's go      uh huh     yo      yo    ok      let's get it    yeah    alright    hopped back in the bedd, turned my <propmale> ooon, and logged on facebook  i don't feel like getting up, yeahhhh its too <propfemale> awww"
sooo yeah i sit in dark rooms alone pretty often   i should be like a layer of glittery skin and 2 more abs away from having legions of women that want my kids right    or does it only work if i have millions of dollars?
good morning  smile  no plans today   just call or text if you wanna chill  i think i might do a predators and despicable me double feature this weekend   winnebago man is supposed to be good too   interested? gotta hit the dmv saturday morning 
finished deuteronomy  it took a lot outta me   gonna take a nap and get into <propfirst>
more fun with these! - like this status and i'll tell you what i honestly think of you  no matter how harsh or embarassing it may be  repost this if you have the guts to tell all!
so i just had the most intense talk about childhood and memories with <propfirst>  that conversation took a crazy turn and then we started talking about hypothetical if we had kids scenarios  man oh man ladies you can trust us as your baby's father   in 9 years though when we can afford em
oh no no no   no more talking about settling down before going to bed  what was scary wasn't the awful married life   it was scary that i liked it   sweet house though
driving a stick is a <propmale> trickier than i thought just because coming off the clutch right takes some attention that i like to give to the road   with practice it'll be simple though
"yes! bulls are gonna rock this season   <propfemale>, korver, deng, boozer, and <propmale>! lebron would have been nice but whatever he'll regret it now"
great night on the strip w  too many people to name  dmv tomorrow   gonna try something and hope it works   then movies i believe 
"ladies, does your man look like me?   no   can he smell like me?    yes! haha <propmale> is awesome"
predators then despicable me   sounds like a good evening
love & respect   the languages of the entire universe
"since everybody did theirs already   \\if you like this status i will tell you what i like, dislike, love, my first impression and my confession  "
facebook parties are dope lol hella chat window open with the 2 ppl sitting 2 feet away
6 smile 5 in the am   getting back from the gym   no sleep for me
inception       surprise 
i love getting the eye contact when you're with your guy and i love it when i catch you turn around and i grin and you smile and he has no clue
okay fine 3am workout   you made your point  yes my arms are sore  abs are cool though
hola mi gentes! que paso?
"tattoos aren't a deal breaker, but i do prefer your smooth, soft, clean, beautiful skin to something marked up    annoyed "
"it's 6:24am   just got home from (in reverse order) <propfirst>'s, pool hall, bowling, and darian's    now that i'm in bed i'm not really tired just don't wanna move"
totally bound to the confines of the home   because i have to be here when my car is delivered!!!! so if you wanna see me you'll just have to stop by  smile 
"hahaha how would you like to be serenaded on the <propfemale>, while surviving on the oxygen in my lungs via a passionate kiss   "
just getting home  been catching the sunrises all week  had a good workout this morning  i want the soreness to kick in soon
"\knock knock delivery for a <propmale> <propfirst>   2005 nissan sentra?\"" \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,gonna watch some anime   it's been a long time since i've done that  first up hajime
aww i think my $500 is about to vanish
"they got all the right friends in all the right places  so yeah, we're going down"
"i suppose becoming nocturnal is natural when daytime temperatures stay around 115  lmao if i find other women who stay up all night like myself and we breed, do our children have a predisposition to being nocturnal as well?  doesn't that count as natural selection? anyone wanna start evolving? hahaha"
good morning chicago   good night vegas
time to reorganize and refresh like an old webpage 
so who's partying? me and a <propmale> are sort of curious  moreso the <propmale>
"wherever i go i always say that i'm from out of town, just because i never quite fit in where i'm around"
so i've decided i don't want to take intro to politics in the fall  i'll save it for the spring  in the mean time i need to fill the spot with another gen <propmale> course  anybody got ideas? good ones at unlv?
"so i switched intro to political science (psc 101) to psychology (101)  i'm pretty satisfied right now  it may change, but at least i ditched my late tu thurs  so i'll be out by 12 on tuesday and 10 on thursday"
"when am i finally going to have it all?     man i don't know at this point  all i can do is estimate, but i'm sure of one thing  i'll give everything i do have to being the best person i can  if i can say i've changed your life for the better, my success is already achieved "
okay true i'm not laughing out loud but i am smiling reeally hard so i asure you i look just as goofy to everyone else
napp time   txt me and i'll get to it when i wake 
"why do you spell lovely with two e's instead of the y?\ because i'm calling you wifey by giving love and my last name simultaneously  wink "
had the most awful workout at lvac   just too tired too work out hard
"i was contemplating today whether it was good or bad that i've never had a big emotional break up  my relationships have always just sort of ended  like    \\ok were done now eh?\"" \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,ahhh cant find my ipod  i think it makes a noise when i get notifications though  so i think its around
got my permit for the third time  maybe this time i'll schedule a test before it e playful ires     especially since i had to pay to test this time  good morning facebook  wink 
"just waking up in the evening, gotta thank god  i dunno but today seems pretty shot  cuz i got a lotta rest, no stress, and vegas weather with no sun is always best"
is wondering who he can <propfemale> with tonight  
mmkay so maybe bowling at midnight with some people  anyone else down for it?
"i'm sooo exhausted  i can't even think at the moment  i'm wayy overwhelmed, and i'm not even the person getting married tomorrow! <propfirst> is the best all around guy i know, and <propfemale> is a very smart, talented, and wonderful woman  these two are blessed and i'm happy to be apart of their lives  smile "
"lots of parties but i am not driving   so who wants to roll with me   and do the rolling lol  so parties at palms, south vegas, and charisma"
thinking about taking a walk    around the park    after dark
"just glad tomorrow is sunday  god, i'll be wanting to hear from you "
"i gotta say \today was a good day   \"""""
"thought for the night: why are the amazingly attractive girls the insecure ones, and the awful ones the most confident? my guess is some dude screwed up w  the amazing one and left her hurting, over some lame easy one, whose confidence was built in the process  smh"
"i'm feeling poetic so i made a beat and wrote a couple bars; if you heard the track you might say it sounds a little dark, really i just wanted to get some things up off the heart; i must say all in all the lyricism goes hard; cuz i found it  surprisingly ill, kinda like sars  smile "
street fighter vs  tekken  im kinda hype even though i think theyre gonna mess it up
"god letting me know \mada mada dane\""  all love though """
time for another deleting spree  too many unknowns
"finally i have a car    too bad now it needs new shoes, sunglasses, id, and some gas  i mean it's my new baby but raising this kid is e playful ensive! gonna be broke till late august"
"lol i guess 1-3am  is when our age group goes to playgrounds to relive childhood  still gotta wait your turn for the swing haha do we still get to \hit\"" the girls we like and hope our friend doesn't say they have cooties?"""
"some balls are held for <propfemale> and some for fancy dress, but when they're held for pleasure they're the kind that i like best    lol"
"had a good night of bowling and bww w  friends  even though i got dragged outta bed at midnight  ran into lex too!\\there's this thing called sleep? you should try it\"" ~me\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"like this status and i'll rate you on a scale of 1 to 10\\and to be different from everyone else i'll give you a point breakdown"
"shower  clean  christ  eat  ps3 txt fb  sleep   that's my day  \tomorrow i'm gonna get a planner  work on my car issues  maybe open my bank account  tuesday through the week it's time to grind "
drifting into a quiet insanity    it feels like peaceful calamity     off in space staring down at the planet see   i just wanna conquer the world singlehandedly   
i reeally feel like watching <propmale> gump   buut of course i don't have it  so i'm gonna go run
gonna try sleepin now  text me it might help since i always fall asleep on people lol
step up was cool  lots of dancing; meets e playful ectations  i'm sick of 3d though  i hope that's not really the future 
"psa - facebook is a public domain for social networking  once you add friends they are networked to your friends too! stop crying because so&so added the attractive girl you wanted to flirt with  you didn't say you were going to seriously pursue a relationship, so you don't own the rights to them!"
"so much nonsense just pounding away at my life! \i just wanted to come, be with friends, sort out school, grab my car, get to a job, get to my girl, lastly the apartment  what do i get?\my car was tampered with before i got it, women who are fine on their own, friends that argue behind each others back, unemployment rate through the roof, and no willing roommates  \thanks for god, at least i know he's always true "
is having a good day  let's turn it into a good week
took my afternoon nap   so what's up world
i feel like a senior citizen! i just want to chill and get everything discounted  it takes to much energy to be runnin' with you young folk  can't wait to be runnin with the rebels though 
"\what do you mean no one is perfect? that's the whole point of jesus! everyone's perfect now    actually saying that    i can see why people would be skeptic\"""""
"vegas needs more beaches, so i can do the <propfirst> mcconaughey thing and run on the beach  california needs to hurry up and become marijuana island already! come on san <propmale> fault line do your stuff "
"outside they look alike, but do you wanna know the difference between a \player\"" and a winner? \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,off to sleep   running again at 5am tomorrow  much love and goodnight everybody
"about to run, rinse, read, and rest"
"mann all my nice clothes have been on hiatus  in chicago, i could dress up just to go downtown  somebody give me a reason to suit up again  i'm bored with vegas casual wear"
did my running tonight  stamina is definitely on the rise  had a nice shower and now it's time to wind down  feel free to text the cell  i'll be reading  much love facebook  good night 
"writing raps in my rhymebook, well more like macbook and once i finish verse one, it's on to the track hook"
kinda bored   anybody wanna go do something? it's about to get hot too so if you don't wanna be indoors lets make plans for tonight 
watching black dynamite   pure comedy
"my bro saying girls are scandalous  the girl saying dudes are jokes  shwayze was right back in the day when he said hollywood aint no place for lovers anymore, and it ain't <propmale> place for us  forget theater and drama leave it to the stage"
just getting in from the e playful endables red carpet premiere  it was great seeing my old friends <propmale> and <propfirst>  it's been awhile since we <propmale> out  the movie was amazing as well  nice work bros
just ran a lot of <propmale>  had to make up for the 2 days i missed  i feel a little better  gonna drop the last 7 lbs this week 
hey if you're at unlv this fall you should message me you're schedule so i can see who's doing what  i kinda have nice gaps between classes
"fresh out the shower  ran a nice few <propmale> tonight  time to throw on the robe, relax, and be electronically social  wink  hmu"
"only when you have come face to face with the light, will the darkness be placed behind you  turn not away from it  for as long as the back is turned to the source of light, darkness is ever before you "
"maybe it's me, but i think being hurt with the truth is the better alternative to being hurt by a liar  at least i'm honest about wanting to please you, even if i can't manage to find the words that do "
"\i just wanna win  \"" ~derrick <propfemale>"""
time to turn the swag back on  
one of the best feelings is when things you order finally come in the mail (bonus when your unsure if they're good and they're awesome)
"\oh you must not know where i'm from   the wishanigga woods!\"""""
"my mind was on the border of switching back to the old me   for the world that didn't know me then, that was a very cold ruthless person  i like my new found warm heart, i hope i don't lose it "
woke up sounding like <propmale> white   it'll pass i'm sure
is just chillin' to a reggae session  holler at your boy  smile 
5 more days til my life is accelerating again! unlv here i come lol
"mmkay so this show \finneus and ferb\"" is on disney channel  this is a quote \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,chillin' on unlv campus  watching iron man w  friends
"is it me or does facebook get further into peoples business everyday \i not only know when my friends write on each others wall   but it's also conveniently put together so i see everyone that talks to you  facebook why don't you give me my space"
"listening to - the slim shady lp  \classic eminem"
"had a cool night  looked real fancy, did some dancing, could've maybe used a little romancing lol i dunno it was fun  the frats are exactly like the ones portrayed in media"
woke up at noon  got some god  i'm taking another nap  lazy sunday  big day tomorrow 
gonna get some things into my planner  pick clothes  pack the bag  set the alarm and make an attempt at sleep
straight a's baby let's do it 
"2nd day of school done  gonna re-read a couple things for tomorrow  oh and if i added you it's because your in my hist 100 or <propmale> 101 webcampus roster  im a freshman trying to build a good circle of friends  \ english: 10-11 15\philosophy: 1-2 15"
i'm not gonna front  i'm a little overwhelmed for no reason at this point  so many things just flying by  i just need to take a deep breath and really focus  still loving unlv to the fullest  meeting more new people everyday  hello everybody  hmu  number is in the info
jersey shore protien vodka?! really now? matter of time before this hits frat houses
done for the day  time for the weekend! i might skip premiere and just do an after party not sure though  hmu if you wanna chill  i'm on campus for a minute
hi!   my school is   what?!   my school is   where?!   my school is chicka chicka unlv!
there are a lot of things to overcome   but i heard what i needed to hear tonight  i'm confident that everything is going to look up very soon  i'm just going to focus on the things i have control of and pretty soon i'll be where i want to be 
about time! bank took the hold off my money and millenium went through  time to get this car running and save for my apartment
hmm if i didn't take the time to contact people  i'd probably vanish off the planet  so i'm gonna play hide and go seek this week  let's see who my friends are 
hmm 1-2 <propfemale> writing assignment   official procrastination time as of 7:14   approximately 2 hrs  
"boy: \you're so dense!\""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,eng 101 clear  first assignment turned in  hopefully the grading on it is lenient
gonna take an afternoon nap  gonna relax this evening  hit me up if you wanna do anything this week though
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"not gonna finish everything tonight   annoyed  back on my grind tomorrow   too much reading to do  on a lighter note, i might take khalifa's \black and yellow\"" and put my own verse down on it """
"now you fear punishment and beg for your lives, so i will let you free, if not for any other reason so that you can see the difference between a <propmale> and a barbarian tyrant, so do not e playful ect to suffer any harm from me  a <propmale> does not kill messengers "
"feeling pretty relaxed, even my hair"
off to sleep
dipped off on campus  alone time is always healthy 
"i laugh when girls say they've got the greatest guy in the world, while i'm sitting right here   i'm very happy you're being fully satisfied with what you have though  wink "
waking up  sun's up  let's keep today on the up and up  volume in my headphones is up  you're up  so yeah what's up?
what a day  night morning! time to knock out
i need a vacation  not the type that means a few days off to go <propfemale> out  i mean like a solo trip to a secluded faraway mountain cabin or beach  preferably one with wifi though lol
it appears that i'm well on my way to failing  this is awful 
the humane have no worries; the wise have no doubts; the courageous have no fear  ~ the master
"had a pretty easy going day  \just saw easy a  \but its been quite a long day\because i woke up early to start and finish an essay "
best spot to sleep on campus?
had a nice meal at the dc  sorted out an admissions thing  gonna try to take a nice hour nap on the second floor of the rec center  then basketball to get all these calories burned
before you give a bum a dollar   give it to a college student   we need it more and have a <propmale> to put it to better use 
"i usually go through phases where i want a good relationship or i would rather just have fun and be open with a fun girl  right now i think i'm down for either, i think i just want a woman who knows what she wants  sooo hard to find nowadays "
thoughts as i wake: \i feel much better than last night  that was really good sleep  valentino (my biker jacket)  sure did get a lot of attention on the strip," if only i had a motorcycle  \""\"afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,drake has parkinson's when he raps lmao  just an observation
"don't live everyday like it's your last  that would be foolish  but don't live today like tomorrow is promised, for this too is naive "
why won't it get cold?! hurry up winter! i wanna wear my stuff!
exams tuesday  american revolution and psychology 101 
"my body is like \what are you doing?! i thought we stopped running a month ago!\"" lol good run though  i'll feel it tomorrow"""
it's always something   
had a great time at sword and shield  thank you to all the brothers of phi <propfemale>  thank you lex  smile  looking forward to memories to come
woke up   crammed the psychology study session in   knocked out the exam (projected a or high b)   got some laughs in history   had a nice debate  discussion in the library   time to relax
i can not wait to be relieved of these exam stresses  after thisi think i'm gonna lift my spirits and get crucifaded this weekend lol!
history in the morning  my essay is unprepared  multiple choice will be no biggie  hopefully i can pull this off nicely  annoyed  good night
deleted 40 or so people  wanted to do more but im satisfied for now i'm under 250
"might call it an early friday night  had fun at the golf club today with phi <propfemale>  wanna chat or do something tonight? text me to pull me outta bed, im down "
the noble-minded say little and achieve much 
training with apple tomorrow  i'm praying that i land this gig  god put in the good word for me 
"awww 87 5 on the psychology exam, 86 on the late english essay    not off to a good start    well time to reassess my work ethic  less talk more action in every aspect of my life"
da bears!!
"the misconception: kissing is only an e playful ression of love  \the truth: kissing transmits germs from the male to the female to bolster the female immune system before and during pregnancy "
phi <propfemale> theta   run unlv   nuff said
"so if i like escape the fate, who else do i probably like?"
<propfemale> vu always makes me feel like things are right where they should be when i feel stressed
"sleeping in my own bed for the first time this week   i want to post a status to let the world know about the life changing week i had, but i need to sleep and process it all  good night "
"i really need to do this essay, so i came to the library for a good study environment  and whaat do i get? a nice little couple hooking up at the table in front of me    kinda not conducive to learning"
"i really don't like it when people try to sound smart  to an intelligent and logical individual, it is always blatantly obvious when someone is spouting off, and yet, doesn't understand what they're talking about  save it for politics please "
mmkay i need a smarter phone   i'm getting lost in my stupid inbox
cold as ice   leave and don't think twice
"my nights of sleep at 4am up at 9am have become sleep at 9 pm, up at 4am"
"affion crockett is the 3rd best rapper alive behind <propfirst> and wale, and when he parodies them he'll be better than them too"
chased the good life my whole life long    look back on my life and my life gone 
10 10 10 and i still haven't found the 10 i'm looking for lol
i'm long over due for a kung fu movie marathon with my lil bro  annoyed  (bumpin wu-tang clan)
"a noble-minded person is different from others, but at peace with them  a small-minded person is the same as others, but never at peace with them  ~ confucius"
"3am to 8 smile 0 study session  sorry to the 5 missed calls and 17 missed texts, i went to sleep around 7:45 so i could wake up and study"
aced my psych exam thanks to my awesome cram skills  all that's left today is history 10-11am  hmu or text it; i'm on campus all day
just got home  time to get ready for school
well this isn't good  
post this as your status and see what people love like about you (this could be interesting)  i love like your   
105% on my psych exam?! swag 
"so if you're lonely    you know i'm heeeere waiting for you   i'm just a crosshair, i'm just a shot awaayy from you!"
"big bro batton? awesome  \lil bro <propmale>? fresh  \phantom family? got em' \phi delt run unlv? yes "
it's teeee shirt tiiiiime!
sun's up  i'm up  you're up  hit me up 
"good night world, back on the grind tomorrow "
"today became my \me\"" day  i've got to much to do """
24 hours until halloween hangover tomorrow at gameworks!!
"costume meltdown, phone lost, halloween hangover in two hours  sad  eff today "
vegas isn't a party city! if it was phi delts wouldn't make national news whenever we wanna have a good time  apologies to all the lovely women that came out 
"hey i woke up this morning, fully functional, no headache, and actually feeling pretty good, which means something went wrong lol  anyway i'll be chilling at mi casa until someone wants to do something  txt it "
"facebook asks \what's on your mind?\"" but there's no way i could fit the answer in a status"""
"i'm always going to love god, because to be ignored by the one you love is painful indeed   he has sustained me and waited in times i ignored him, likewise i will not falter in trust or kindness to those who ignore me "
"k so next semester consist of bio 197, chem 121, and math 128 for 13 credits  do i throw com 101, eng 102 or another bs class?"
call of duty sesh  then killer essay   then sleep  happy halloween kids
"feels like one of those days   wish i could have a nice nap in the sun with an ipod, a good book, and a gallon of lemonade without any cares"
just got home  time to get ready to leave again
"honestly: if you think i'm cute , like my status   if you love me , put a heart ?   if i am a good friend , put a  smile    if you miss me , put a  annoyed  , if you ever had a crush on me , give me a  playful    if you're brave , put this as your status"
my head is too big   
black ops is dope  no question about it
is that ice cube warning me about enemy air support?
just waking up in the morning gotta thank god   i dunno but today seems kinda odd
"feels like ditching facebook  it's getting more and more evident; technology doesn't enhance our lives; it cheapens it for efficiency \it won't be an immediate shift, but i'm going to work toward living a more fulfilling life "
"dec  13; chi-city!!! \do you think about me now and then? do you think about me noww and thennn? oh! cuz i'm coming home again  \"""""
"making personal webpages is fun, but time verry time consuming    anyway should be ready by the end of the week"
"my thought for the night is one i've had before  i'm not stupid  i ignore the things to save myself the drama, but don't, for even one second, think i don't know what's happening around me  i'm positive that i'm the most perceptive person you know  this goes to 6 people tonight "
"girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel   closer than my peeps you are to me   ~ shaggy"
"nice deleting spree   back to under 250 friends, 249 to be exact"
deathly hallows was pretty gosh darn awesome   part 2 will be great
unlv ladies get a nice holiday cheer surprise tomorrow  laugh 
"hey lover, hey lover   "
woke up at 4 smile 0   i couldn't really sleep  woke up thinking about the new antimatter findings  annoyed 
\if tyranny and oppression come to this land," it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy\"" \"afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,5 days away from 19   i can feel the e playful eriences of the passing year making fundamental changes  it's time to evolve again  this will be the third metamorphosis 
just so everyone knows   left the phone at fams house   haven't gotten back to get it yet   i'm not ignoring you  
i finally have my phone back  not too bad   only 23 missed txt and 2 calls  so you can surely hit me up again  702-764-1222
"bye because you left me and bye because you lied\bye because you're sexy and you know that you are flyy\call me up late cuz you know that i'd arrive\so bye because i'm tired of being you're good guy\bye bye bye, we are not n-sync, and i will not come back even after ten drinks!"
"twisted fiction   sick addiction   gather 'round children  zip it! listen!\   on repeat  can we get much higher?"
"you know what? i gotta thank yeezy, and when i see that nigger imma thank him! imma buy the album  imma download that mf'er  imma shoot a bootlegger! lol"
da bears! it's these times i'm glad my friends are eagle fans 
essay tiime   yay(sarcasm)
not gonna lie   there's a hole in my love for sunday nights where meeting used to be
<propmale> lafontaine   a hero to deep voices everywhere
so what do you use when you can't focus? trance music of course! let's go tiesto! studies are about to be conquered 
so i'm getting my haircut this week   fresh <propmale> needs 12 votes (or 7 female votes) to stay w  the high top fade otherwise its gone lol
it'll be another year tonight at midnight 19 to be exact    feels like 40
are there any decent math 181 teachers or do they really all suck?
i should rock a gherri curl and wear a diaper like cupid     or something else stupid and see if people do it  ~the cool kids
(message only) 2k10 is almost over  confess something you've been wanting to confess to me smile  post as your status&& see the messages you get 
"since i hate the <propfirst> game, let's play something else\like this status and i'll tell you what song describes you or our friendship"
"so i thought i had a psych exam but i beasted the unit exams, so i didn't have to take it"
just got back to the house  not looking to stick around though   wanna chill?? just hit me up
"packing up my things   text me today if you wanna catch me before i go  chi-city, i'm comin home again \\~rocketman"
lol @ the tsa at mccarran lotioning his hands for the busty lady behind me   
"guy: \whats the fear of going to the doctor?\""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,just woke up  most of you are going to sleep huh?
those of the loftiest wisdom and those of the basest ignorance: they alone never change
"sorry i've been mia  kinda preoccupied  i wanna fill you guys in, but i'm just gonna reflect and keep to myself for awhile  be back soon"
"well if there's something i'm not good at it's finding things wrong with myself  i want to make resolutions, but i don't know how to challenge myself  so instead of making my resolutions right now i want to hear challenges for 2011 from you guys  got suggestions for improvement or just plain something you think i can't do?"
congrats  you mattered enough not to get removed from my friends with the other 40 or so people 
good morning  i hope everyone out there has what they wanted  in your enjoyment keep baby jesus in mind  <propfemale> christmas  smile 
what's important to you in 2011 (or just overall)?
da bears! looks like will have a first round bye 
love is simultaneously something to live for and someone to die for  ~duane
so much wrong with the world today  
if there's something myspace did right that facebook can't capture   it's profile songs 
chicago is warm enough for a thunderstorm this morning  this is perfect weather for my new years <propfemale>  <propfemale>n the snow is washed away 
"so i just clicked \show older post\"" at the bottom of my wall until i got to 2009  lets look at what 2010 really was"""
"quote: \i'm done  you think you know it all\"" \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,i like this bio professor already  she has the lecture schedule up for the semester already 
<propmale>  you said you were going to be true to yourself and honest as ever in 2011  you said you'd be a good man to everyone around you  man   a lot of people are going to have sore toes when i'm done stepping on them  the world doesn't actually appreciate men of good character   yet 
"looking to make even more friends this semester, possibly reunite with old ones, and certainly bring out the best in my current and permanent friends "
"well i'm exhausted  gonna sleep well  tomorrow i'll begin preparations for my return to lv on wed  i'll probably have to hear the \lost wages\"" joke on the plane again  it's not as funny when you aren't a tourist """
what's going on vegas   nice weather we're having 
learned is <propfirst>; onward to <propfirst>
peace of mind and warmth of heart is really all that matters 
no reason to stay up late  i thank god for another day   living them one at a time  carpe diem  much love 
"many on their best day will say they feel like they are sitting on top of the world  how great it is to know everyday i wake up i am seated far higher than that  especially on my worst days, seated under the most high "
it's hard to stick to principles when dealing with people you care about   so make sure one of those principles is to care about people
"if you could have a secret hideout, where what would it be? any key features?"
"our father, who <propmale> in chicago, football be thy game  let forte run, another superbowl won, on e<propmale>h as it is in soldier field  give us sunday a playoff victory and forgive us our penalties, as we defeat the packers who play against us, and lead us not into the late season and deliver us to texas  for thine is the d-line, urlacher, briggs, tillman, <propfemale> and peppers forever   amen! pass it on bears nation!!!!!!!"
losing sleep on calculus after the 2nd class  uuggghhhh  it makes me want to throw up 
"\bachelor's degrees make pretty good placemats if you get 'em laminated \""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"oh, i hear her voice as the cold winds blow\in the sweet music on my radio\have you seen her?\tell me, have you seen her?"
i've got strength again! hopefully this is the last leg of this cold
"one thing i always wondered: if natural selection exist in nature, why don't humans seem to be evolving from a biological perspective \today the answer came to me  natural selection has been partially replaced with economic selection "
"hmm do i wanna watch the superbowl? no  no i don't, but i have nothing better to do than watch <propfirst> rodgers beat the steelers while i sit by hoping the steelers can pull of a miracle "
"\no human thing is of serious importance \""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,doctor of optometry is still what i'm pushing for  to let myself lose sight of the goal is to never help people see again 
perfect friday  now off to sleep
i'm gonna study for my biology exam outside today  just waiting for a few more degrees to come over and study with 
yes its beautiful! suns out  guns out  love <propfemale> when i can exercise my second amendment right!
"i don't love you because you're beautiful, you're beautiful because i love you   laugh "
"techno trance study sesh   \sorry bio exam, you will be belittled and subdued like dr  e d  macmaster during the great snowball rebellion \~rush phi delt"
so apparently i missed three calls from <propfirst> lerner at 3am  ? weird 
"i don't quite understand why i woke up at one and i'm still up, but i know i'm going to crash in the afternoon  anyway about to do my english essays and study for this japanese exam "
"up since 1 am  english essay  pizza breakfast  school  aced japanese exam  struggled briefly failed to stay awake in bio  finished essay in 2 hour break  saw my long lost <propfemale>  calculus, followed by eng  turned in my essay  best 102 professor ever  out early again  <propfemale> pong  phi delt bball game  home  great discussion  pizza dinner  email part of the essay  fb post  text one person  crash  much love  night"
"life goes so fast, then it goes too slow  how much life have i lived? i really don't know "
memories they soon delete    hmmm?
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this"
"with love and loyalty, i seek truth and tranquility "
"<propfemale> me and broski walk up to the entrance    two attractive girls on their way out attempt to catch our attention   in retrospect, they were trying really hard   thats like the 5th bad miss\\sidenote: hall pass was beyond words  enjoyable and irksome movie "
"feeling good, feeling great  feeling great, feeling good  how are youuu?"
"it's amazing to me that people still don't realize that the federal reserver isn't federal  don't be a sheep  if you don't know what the bilderberg group is, find out!"
"can you put the past away?\i wish you would step back from that ledge, my friend\i would understand "
just waking up this morning  taking the day off    on my off day! it's been such a busy past two weeks  today = study and chill all day  do laundry and go meet my new twin  much love broski 
"dear <propmale> o'reilly,\ i just want to thank you for teaching me that when life's teleprompter doesn't work   we'll do it live!!!"
"yeah, i miss my little  be strong brother "
haha the pokemon games never change
"there's gotta be an easier way to live  i just want a moderately sized, decently furnished home, with a library and wifi access and at least primitive plumbing, next to a waterfall that i can meditate under, in the middle of a very dense warm climate <propmale>, with a pre-carved path, within 15 <propmale> of a <propfirst>'s club and a beach in opposite directions, at least 20 <propmale> away from everything else   is that so much to ask?"
"okay so it's half time in this essay write <propmale>,  what sort of strategies should <propmale> employ to keep this comfortable lead and pull of this a+, which already looks like its in the bag?"
so i'm in the edit tab and i see now that the relationship options now include civil unions and domestic partnerships    seriously folks whats the point?
woke up and perfected the english essay  that class is a guaranteed a  now time to get out of bed and hit these other classes studies harder than dubstep out of two 15 inch subs 
i need a graphing calc wednesday at 230 anybody got one?
"you can't accept love?! love, the most beautiful, shiny warmy thing in the world, you can't accept it? you can't accept pure love? she's chosen to give you her life  she's picked you as her life partner! and you play fantasy baseball because you can't accept her love?"
last chapter of bio! hopefully i can knock it out by 9 then spend the last hour or so of the night on japanese
"haven't posted anything since the beginning of the week   i'll just say things aren't going like i want them to, but they're going like they were meant to  i'm enjoying every second i'm alive "
"wish i was a little bit taller, wish i was a baller   \ actually, i might have those checked off, but i could use that girl who looked good   i would call her  \great weather for bball"
"all these guys are out here making money all these ways, \and i'm spending mine to be smart \you know why?\because when i die, <propmale>, you know what going to keep me warm? that's right, those degrees"
so i need to turn 250 into 650   got any serious ideas? if they aren't legal you might wanna inbox them to me lol
why does today feel so weird?
friend count was getting kinda high    took it back down to 220 
"happy founders day! happy birthday <propfirst> morrison!\\men like us are hard to  ?nd\"""""
"c'mon guys, i understand you're probably going to shower when you get back from the bball courts, but that doesn't mean you pass on showering for a couple days before you go  \b o  does not stand for basketball offense!"
stupid daylight savings  i just get extra night time and wake up late  i'm not remotely tired 
#%^#$#$%^ stupid gran turismo <propfemale>    takes me out on lap 17 of 20 arrrggghh 
"question of the night asked by the roommate brice: \\ hey <propmale>"," do you ever just feel like you're smarter than everyone around you?\""\"afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"a couple days left in spring break this week \hit me up to <propfemale> out or go eat    \but you can't be any geek off the street,\gotta be handy with the steel if you know what i mean, earn your keep! (rip n d )"
"so my dream soundtrack last night went from <propmale> singing \kiss\"" to kanye and <propmale> singing \""see you in my nightmare\""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"crazy dreams   shootouts, shark attacks, e playful losions,  imaginary best friend dies, and lots more stuff  "
"it's friday! friday! gotta get my bowl, gotta eat cereal!"
ughhh homework    spring break sure was nice  my watch says it's about time for school to end already 
ehh i guess i'll stay in and watch pretty woman (my all time favorite chick flick for the record)
hmmm    i suppose i'll do some studying today  play a little ps3   feel free to text    chill tuesday!
hahahahahahaa @ <propfirst> brown and all his fans! hilarious!
i've got way too much energy and no way to blow off steam  gonna be up all night at this rate  head phones all the way turned up  i'm gonna party in my head  
i don't even have to watch the game; i get the fb pro commentary   second by second -_-
when doves cry   
"you and me we're goin' nowhere slowly\and we've gotta get away from the past\there's nothin' wrong with goin' nowhere, baby\but we should be goin' nowhere fast!\\~ i wish i had remembered these lyrics in that moment lol"
feeling like some metallica right now   lots of it   loud!
"i don't have to use e playful letives or \%@#& you\"" to e playful ress my discontent  i'll say \""i'm a <propmale> vexed that you did that \"" and go on happily with my day \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,something has me feeling cold blooded with a low boiling point   like my heart is pumping liquid nitrogen   
ii need a beat to put these rhymes on?
"told 'em i finished school, \and i started my own business \they say, 'oh you graduated?'\no, i decided i was finished "
"<propfemale> smith, 9  <propfemale> <propfemale>, 12  <propfemale> black 14  kaya, 15 <propfirst> bieber, 16  miley cyris, barely legal      it's official  i'm an old man  all the people making pop music are younger than me  the music i grew up with is considered classic now  i knew we started a decade but i wasn't prepared to be old yet "
you and i end up in a police car together  using only four words what would you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status
"oh the woes of being a biology major   \\wanna get married?\""      \""sure"," but do you mind getting your genome tested for genotype and biotic potential?\"" \"afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,i've been getting distracted for too long now  this semester is coming to a close  a new chapter of my life is opening  i can actually feel the intensity coming  it will be a tough one if i don't get into gear  calm before the storm is over 
finished running tonight  whew rough one  should only be about a week and a half til i got my swagger back  trying to chill? me too  lemme know what's goin' down tonight 
"yeah, uh huh, i doubt you know what it is!\ bach and mozart  bach and mozart, bach and mozart, bach and mozart\good night all "
\sticks and stones may break my bones," but words will neever hurt me!\""\"afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"<propfirst>! a love story the whole \manly\"" can enjoy  smile  one of my new favorites  <propfirst> brand is a genius """
"my brain has been running on overdrive the past few days   i think i'm back to my \old self\""  now i just need something to focus on """
true or false: i'm black 
"<propmale> <propmale>, i'm not big on social graces either; however, friends in low places  nf\friends in high places  tfm"
beautiful win bulls! <propfemale> is incredible 
i'm wondering about the rosicrosse literary society  anyone versed on what the teachings of the rosicrucian literature were about at the core?
today has been an insanely long saturday 
"this monday is coming to a close  i feel good about my japanese exam, but still a lot of unfinished work this week "
had a long talk with god 
"old spice man, \     fear not, for when you retire, i will be poised to take the throne   possessing full command of all that is old and spicy   have no doubt that i will embody charming and masculine   hello ladies   does your man smell like a legacy? no? then surely he doesn't smell like the man your man could smell like   my facebook profile is now diamonds "
20 hours to finish my japanese assignment  24 hours to finish my annotated bibliography with introduction for english  let's do it  cue the trance music  
while researching academic journals i found that university of alabama has a professor doohwang <propfirst>  it made me chuckle 
"taking an essay break for the bulls game \side question: p eople do realize jesus was a real person right? whether or not you're christian, he's not imaginary haha  i thought everybody knew that, but apparently not"
"\tonight is what it means to be young    pulling all nighters to get stuff done  \"""""
japanese was cake today  biology studies ensue this weekend  english conference was easy  calculus got canceled  got home and the latest manga chapter was out early  got my debit card in the mail  weather is nice  it's just one of those ice cube chill days 
it's a weeknight but it's kinda my weekend since i'm going to be studying through the weekend  anyone wanna chill tonight or tomorrow?
"\anybody that gets up in front of a crowd of people and has to read from a piece of paper has no business being there!\"" ~howard <propmale>"""
"so i was supposed to study biology for my exam on monday  instead i spent an entire day researching ufos, to inter-dimensional holes, to prophecies, to draconian human relations, to underground channel networks, to cia nsa cover-ups, to armageddon,  to the haarp earthquake theories   on the bright side, i'm probably on three new watch-lists   laugh "
"another friday   this has been the fastest week i had all semester  anyway, i feel great, so i'm going to go conquer this terminal disease i have (life) "
live in the now  never fear the future  never regret the past 
bulls!
god please don't let <propmale> <propfirst> get assassinated  he'll be the first candidate i vote for and the first i trust 
"do i feel prepared for tomorrows exam? noooope, but i'm done stressing, one last skim and im going to get rest  at the end of the day it's just another scantron, i'll live to fight another day "
i like having facebook friends in different parts of the country  it lets me see which direction trendy things come from lol
"it's time for my bulls support post  \*ahem* let's go bulls! win again tonight!"
so who's hiring about now?
arrgghh couldn't pull the a  stuck with a b for bio  unless theres a miracle curve lol
"chores, study, rest tonight \haircut, business calls, party tomorrow \church, homework, phi delt (greek organization of the year) on sunday \3 weeks left til schools out and i start making moves "
"yeeaah, i only keep good friends  i'm gonna delete a bunch of folks   so if we haven't talked or <propmale> out   and we aren't close in some way   but you want a pass on this round   hit the like button "
"i'm not a big holiday guy, but i'm glad jesus was the man he was  just a reminder that i should always strive to be a better man, to show that his sacrifice has meaning to me  much love jesus  may i rise from my life, and subsequently my death, as you did from the cross "
going places with smiling faces  
"if i went to the gym, on the regular i'd never be able to chill   too hyper afterward   probably won't get to sleep til 4am"
"ughhh!!! went into a coma   watched the bulls game   got online and ended up on yet another insane tangent of researching stuff regarding architecture, politics, human nature (ie  nothing that concerns school)  no homework got done and no communication has been made with my family in months    life is seriously trying my <propfemale>  tired of trying to achieve in these conditions "
"\the world = #prophets or #profit\"" ~mia"""
"people are always saying \you can sleep when you're dead\""   \",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,"i'm chill  i keep it real  glad that i know how you feel   won't look back, fade to black, love is still how i react   \#livinglikeimdying"
why am i awake    heading to dreamland   hope i see some pretty girls there
"you know what    i may or may not have just decided on entering into politics   we'll see how long the thought sticks  i wonder if i could pull the needed votes \in the meantime   i guess i'll start cleaning up my image, incase opponents try to go that route, not that they'd have much there anyway "
"\the only reason why they found osama bin laden is because the psn hackers stole his information \""\",afbacf1a5 laugh d7ceed0e464c28154e3a3,lied is not suitable for productive study  off to option 2
"darn stayed in bad past 12   well, i'll just call this day wasted  finishing my english essay and japanese studies today  after that, end of school 1 2 complete "
arggg   must    finis  h paper
what school's not out yet?
"\   and now all they do is look around for you  \"" ~plain white ts"""
"dear mother, \i'm glad your good alleles were dominant and your bad ones were recessive  \sincerely, your f1 generation offspring  smile "
"i usually don't blame referees, but i think they really costed the bulls on that one "
aced the japanese final  it was surprisingly easy    chillin in the geed library  
barely put myself out of the a range but i just need a 76% on this bio final to walk out with a b   and be done with this long year  on to planning bigger and better things 
thinkin about doin the cudi concert in june   anyone going?
12 smile 0am   bio exam in 22 hours  16 chapters  commence cramming now
