d7328f1583d33ea201afa183051ce37e
this break just flew by too fast  wish it could be a week or two longer
just got this facebook after a year of being pressured  it's okay but i'm way to lazy to go on this that much
just got my new macbook pro laptop  it is sweet!
"just played minigolf, beat the great <propfirst> snyder by 2 strokes  also in real golf, shot 78 today at town of hamburg golf course"
bills training camp has just started in rochester  to made his debut in practice in front of more than 5000 people  i couldn't go but i kept some tabs on it  i also got tickets to the august 4th night practice 
"didn't do so great in hamburg jr  club championship today  shot a 85 and a 83  put me in 5th out of 10  i think  hit the ball good but couldn't get in the zone  also, semi finals in west seneca town baseball tonight at 8:15  we sucked in the regular seaso"
"heart breaking loss in semi finals yesterday  we lost 13-12 to the first place team  i went 1-3 with 2 rbi's  just missed another 2 rbi's with a foul ball earlier       in game  game was back and forth, down 6, up 1 and so on  sucks that game ended on <propmale>"
"leaving for athens, ohio tommorow  have college orientation on thursday and friday there and its a 7 hour ride  kinda dreading the ride"
"just got home, pretty tired  7 hour drive completely sucks  ou rocks though  i really like it there "
just about to pickup new honda civic  great car 
"got car, it rocks  just the opposite of my golf game lately "
went bowling today        and sucked
i'm dying for more football  can't wait till season starts 
wtf with all these stupid vick rumors? chat sites suck 
getting ready for bills preseason game tonight  watching with family 
"just went swimming at cousins, got bocce pizza "
bummed at home today  busy all last week with family 
just came home from golf at <propfemale> hawk  not a good round 
shot 80 today at golf course in springville  missed last 3 par putts to end round
"just had family gathering yesterday, great food and awesome ping-pong action "
just got a 81 to bills jersey for my b-day  then went bowling and averaged 195  awesome day so far 
"leaving for ohio u tomorrow, move in on thursday"
"set up dorm and it looks nice, just waiting for roomie to show tomorrow"
goodnight to my new home
at ou game last night  it was packed  to bad they lost 23-16 
went to <propfemale> tonight to shoot some hoops  now just watching scrubs on cw network with <propfirst> and jered
"just found where all my classes are, start tomorrow "
done with first day of classes  shoulder kills cause of backpack 
nfl season starts tonight and i'm pumped!
don't know what to do right now; study or do something?
ub's defense sucks 
just watching sweeney <propmale> with ten people in dorm right now 
the bills season is almost here  the wait is almost over
it's almost here  the bills are going to play the patriots tonight and      
how did the bills lose? how? i'm fucking sick after that game 
have way to much reading to do  it sucks 
love the <propfirst> leno show @ 10pm  great show 
"2 classes done, 1 to go"
done til monday  thank god 
just got grab n' go  awesome chicken fingers and fries 
just got in dorm  nice night 
"yes, the bills won against tb 33-20"
i'm tired of getting up every morning at 7 surprise 0 for class  it sucks
just did great on speech  felt comfortable and not nervous 
"i have to study for my worst subject, precision language "
i don't feel like doing anything but i have a test that i have to take 
it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia is a great show and it's just about to start 
is trying to decide what to do tonight 
is getting pumped for the bills game
is confused about <propmale> edwards performance against the saints 
is very tired and doesn't want to go to class 
is done studying     finally
summer is leaving  i never appreciated it when it was here and now i want it back 
"studying for precision language test, then i have last 2 classes of the week "
done for the week  hello weekend
very good night
i am pumped for the start of sabres hockey tonight
ub lost but ohio won  so i'm in a weird mood 
just finished watching the exorcism of <propfemale> <propfemale>  not as scary as you'd think 
the bills will squish the fish today
thanks for not showing up today bills
am managing to procrastinate on my informative speech 
done with classes for the day  gonna bum in dorm and study 
my study partner in journalism has no clue what she's doing 
"i just got skype earlier today, it's pretty cool "
"seeing the hangover today, zombie land tomorrow, and then going to ohio game on saturday "
just saw zombieland  one of the greatest movies i've ever seen 
going to akron today for the ohio-akron game tonight 
the bills have to win against the browns today  they have to 
fire <propmale> jauron!!!!!! now
"have to prepare speech, study precision language, then watching heroes on nbc at 8pm "
did everything i planned for tonight but don't feel like i undertand my precision language 
the sabres beat the red wings 6-2  wow
"it's is cold, rainy, and <propfemale> in athens  i thought i was leaving that weather "
i'm sick and feel like crap 
"i like medication, it makes me feel better "
"god, does he exist? i sure hope so because i'm scared if he doesn't exist"
"bills, gonna watch & hope they don't waste my time "
we won!!!! we won!!!!!!!!! holy crap  i am super happy right now  how the hell did we win 
"i'm never hungry anymore  seriously, i look at food at the cafeteria and don't even feel like eating "
some nice weather finally here in ohio  all i can say is it's about time 
"eating, studying, then watching the sabres game "
i really miss bowling  it has been a long time 
watchin bills at 4pm vs  <propfemale>
"the bills make me wanna shout, put your hands up and shout, hey hey hey hey, hey hey hey hey, lets go buffalo, lets go buffalo, da da da da, the bills make me wanna shout   when the bills win, i'm very happy "
i don't get it  what's up with all the people in the world hating on religion  its just a belief  let people have their faith 
didn't want to pick them but i have the yanks winning it in 7 games
i hope halloween here in athens lives up to its reputation 
"great night, would've been even better if i didn't puke "
today felt like and was a waste of a day 
"cmon ub, beat bowling green tonight "
done for the week  1 week left & then finals
a sunday without the bills means its a sunday where i get work done 
"cmon people, become followers of my blog at buffaloblitz blogspot com you don't need to read the articles  i just want to get some followers to make my blog have more of a purpose "
ub vs  ohio tonight  should be a good game and don't know who to root for   remember:http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com 
"just finished watching fight club and about to go to sleep  remember my blog, http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com  become followers, please "
last day of precision language and j101  thank god 
http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com  go to the site and become followers  don't just join my facebook group  you have to go to the site and follow so i know how many followers i have 
<propfirst> snyder's first article on my blog http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com 
people in buffalo can finally be happy again  <propmale> jauron is gone and never coming back 
i want <propfirst> schottenheimer to be the next coach of the bills 
http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com  <propfirst> snyder's latest article is on the firing of <propmale> jauron and whether or not he was the main problem with the bills 
<propfirst> shanahan just got contacted by the bills! please make him our coach  please 
remember to check out my blog at http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com 
just won $100 by making a 20 yard field goal after the end of the 1st quarter of the ohio-northern illinois football game 
"bills and to gave it a good run today, unfortunately it wasn't enough "
i'm home  have break till january 3rd 
hope everybody had a good thanksgiving and great food 
"watching the sabres game now, going to bills game tomorrow  feels good to be home "
"yea bills, way to squish the fish "
bowling and <propmale>'s steak out  a great combination 
watching tonight show with conan o' brien right now  best late night show around 
almost bowled a 300 today  got the first 9 strikes before crumbling 
"c'mon bobcats, beat central michigan tonight "
ohio faces <propfirst> on december 26 in the little ceasar's bowl  thats cool but wtf is up with tcu playing boise st  that's dmb 
everybody remember to check out <propfirst> snyder's latest article at either http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com  or http annoyed  jonnyscourt blogspot com 
just found out i got a 3 2 gpa for the first semester of college 
the winter has officially started in buffalo 
went to sabres game tonight  good win vs  <propfirst> kane and the blackhawks
just got free tickets to the bills game on sunday vs  the patriots 
just came home from movies  saw invictus  good movie 
hope everyone had a good christmas
it's <propfirst> brohm time right now  go bills!
"i saw \beast mode\"" marshawn lynch today at <propmale> & busters """
am i the only one who thinks that new year's <propfemale> is way overrated?
i'm back in athens 
"is back in athens, ohio chilling in dorm"
"usa, usa, usa  way to win the world <propmale> championship vs canada  next year the tournament is in buffalo "
i went ice skating for the first time in many years tonight  it was fun but i am awful at skating 
chilling to <propfemale> fox 64 right now in dorm  brings back awesome memories 
"so, i guess i went a little overboard last night "
"wow, this was definitely an interesting night  that's about the only way to describe it  no need to go into details "
i'm an idiot  i have no clue how to actually change my name back to my real name 
"hi my name is <propfirst> bundt and i leave my facebook on while i'm away    and his friends do know how to change his name back, your welcome <propfirst>  now, who is writing this? hmm "
very bored at the moment  actually considering studying for once 
get a win today usa hockey!
guess what i gave up for lent this year
way to go usa!!!!
"wow, ou b-ball game was awesome! win on buzzer beater as time e playful ires and then storm the court  ou students rock!"
just counting down till the quarter is over
it is a beautiful day outside!
"when you can play football till 11 smile 0 at night outside, you know spring can't be that far away "
people from <propmale> should stop hating kobe <propmale> just because he has 4 championship rings and lebron has none 
way to win ohio  now onto the <propmale> championship
can't wait for ohio-georgetown game on thursday!
we beat georgetown! i can't believe we just beat georgetown  go ou!!!!!!
i'm enjoying being home for the first time in 75 days
<propfirst> <propmale> is my favorite college basketball player since <propmale> <propfirst>  he will lead us to the championship!
"c'mon bills, please get mcnabb!"
is it a sin to get a boner in church?
happy easter everyone!
only 15 more to go sabres!
i can't believe i wasted my time watching that game
sabres gonna win tonight  gut feeling
wow             sabres            wow
cj siller!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
at the horseshoe for the ohio state spring game!
"i'll admit, <propfirst> burke is probably a little obsessed with me  sad (((((((((((((("
"obama is coming to buffalo next week, that's awesome!"
seeing midnight showing of iron man 2 
in a state of over-thinking everything and constantly getting lost in my head 
palmerfest fucking rocks!!!!!!!!!
<propmale> cavs_____________________! hahahaha
"now that i think about it, my views, opinions, thoughts, and feelings may have been wrong the whole time  it just took me up till now to consider that "
"lebron, it was fun watching you play for the cavs for the last 7 years  it will be even funner watching you play the rest of your career with the new york knicks!"
why does ou have to go so much longer than every other college?
under 2 weeks till home
7 days till home!
i feel so bad for <propmale> galarraga for that umpire blowing his perfect game on a missed call 
home!!!!!!
3 5 gpa for spring quarter!
"awesome night! i mean, any night that includes beer and getting wasted is awesome  smile "
finally got a job!
all i want for christmas is a #6 lebron <propfirst> miami heat jersey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to <propmale> for the weekend!
"bored of working everyday, just wanna go back to ou and have fun all the time"
it sucks being the designated driver      
i have finally fulfilled my summer goal of dunking on 9 5 feet!
"going to dayton, ohio tomorrow morning till sunday"
got an eagle for the first time in my golf career today on 580 yard par 5 at brierwood country club!
"he's the \thriller\"" cj spiller!"""
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes yesterday
great time at the ub football game tonight  bulls played great!
i'm back in athens!
what i just drank was the most awful drink ever created!
i need to clear my mind  i have too much shit rambling on inside my head  i think i am going crazy!
go bills! squish the fish!
stuck in basement of my dorm cuz of this supposed tornado that's going on 
wow! i'm in west <propfemale> right now  never thought i'd say that 
working with gridiron <propfemale> right now              chilling in the woub news room
bills getting first win on way to 15-1 season today!
tough loss by the bills vs  the patriots but they played tough  nice effort at least 
no more <propmale> edwards! yipee!!!
i'm just going through the motions
"in class right now, bored outta my mind        don't have what i need for editing  just enjoying my fb procrastination "
i hate myself for being a fan of the buffalo bills 
doc halladay      no-no!
sabres!!!!
ou dominating bowling green!
os-who????
i finally got approved for radio!
cuse!!!!!! just beat wvu!
thank you refs for screwing the bills over yet again with that awful forward progress no call 
"not in a happy mood right now, my cell phone and ipod just got stolen!"
ou is got 4 votes in top 25 in basketball  we #43 in the country baby!
tonight was a great night!
bills shoulda just kneed the ball three times with 1 5 minutes left in ot and no kc to's left  we should've tied  (a tie is not a loss bills)
"dear buffalo bills, please claim shawne merriman off waivers"
shawne merriman is coming to the bills!
"capital-parkersburg recap\http annoyed  www woub org tv index php?section=5&page=912"
ready for some bobcat football tonight  they gonna crush ub 
"wow, the bills really do find new ways to lose every week "
i can't believe that i've been asleep for the past 7 hours         
filming ou-delaware b-ball game at 2pm
bills win!!!! the bills win!!!!!
ou bball game sucked today  refs blew and the team didn't play well  guess they'll just have to return to form sunday vs  texas a&m cc
nice win ou!
check out the new design of http annoyed  buffaloblitz blogspot com 
bills win!!!! 21 point comeback  holy crap!
home!!! til january 2nd
"any whores in buffalo, hit me up"
happy thanksgiving everybody! hope everyone has a nice thanksgiving dinner and watches football all day!
way to not show up today bobcats
pittsburgh did not deserve to win!
out searching for christmas ideas  feeling the holiday spirit 
i love stereotypical shows about college such as <propfemale> daze
"man, i hate this snow  a little bit of snow is okay but a foot plus of snow sucks!"
i  love  lebron <propfirst>
way to go st  bonaventure! great win over st  <propfirst>'s!!!
i officially suck at bowling!
"michigan state-michigan hockey game had 113,411 in attendance  who says people don't like hockey?"
"good win by bills  to all me <propmale> homies, better luck next time "
who would've ever guessed that a player on the buffalo bills would end <propfirst> favre's streak 
"rumor around is that <propm<propmale>e> <propfirst> is going to philadelphia  if that's the case, boston is going to win the <propmale> east next year!"
lebron triple-double!!!
representin ou at ohio  saint bonaventure b-ball game
go ohio!!!
go bills!!!!! bring on new england next week!!!!
going to the sabres game today  go sabres!!!
"about to do what all cool college kids do on thursday nights, go bowling!"
i'm on a bowling revelation!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
all i want for christmas is a bills win over the patriots!
collins cup champion!!!!
outback steakhouse with the family 
wazzz up everybody
awesome night!!!
auburn gonna win 38-27!
i love the    i wanna thank god speeches     
is anybody watching this cavs game? i actually feel bad for their fans 
so bored        don't know what to do tonight????
"just wanna thank anybody who has ever viewed my blog  2,000 views in 2 months!"
the steelers better kick the jets asses next week or i'm not gonna watch the super bowl!
these winters kill me! i just want it to be golf season again!
all this french homework is effing killing me!
former ub running back <propfirst> starks on sportscenter baby!!! way to represent dude  always knew you had it in you
it is -6 degrees outside  holy shit!!!!
very good night!  smile 
word can't truly describe how pumped i am for the nfc championship game  go packers and go <propfirst> starks!!!
<propfirst> starks!!!!
i will physically harm anybody rooting for the jets!
"like what i've said all year, <propfirst> sanchez sucks!"
its over!!!!!! packers vs  steelers super bowl
"i hope that someday, the bills will provide me with the same feeling that the steelers provided to their fans today "
so bored right now       need something to do      
tonight's the night when ohio stops playing like crap and starts winning  ou gonna beat eastern michigan by at least 15 points! #bet on it
"go figure, i guarantee that ohio will win by at least 15 and they end up winning by only 14 "
lbj is going to tear up the cavs tonight! go heat!
"funny thing about this big storm, it's going to hit 2 dozen states and 100 million people, yet, it misses us here in athens, ohio "
"i didn't think it was possible, but i love <propmale> tebow more now than ever before after watching part of his documentary on espn2 "
athens is literally just frozen ice  i've slipped on my ass 3 times in the last 10 minutes
sweet baby pike is dominating intramural hockey  3-0 and 32 goals in 3 games!
its such a good day outside today!
just ate at sonic for the 1st time! one of my life goals has been accomplished 
"calling it right here: steelers 24-21\\#blackandyellow"
ohio sports fans are pathetic  u guys didn't even make the playoffs  stop celebrating pittsburgh defeat like u won the super bowl! your teams suck!!!!!
drewwwww stafford  3rd hat trick of the season!!!!
o my god! the cavs just won a game
"what a crazy pens-islanders game today  so many fights, cheap shots, and goals (for the islanders)  there's gonna be some suspensions coming "
great night!
its 53 degrees outside!
"wow, i can't believe its been two years since you passed away  we all miss you grandpa and think about you all the time \\5 2 26-2 13 09"
another <propfirst> stafford hat-trick  that makes 4 hat-tricks on the year for stafford and 23 goals in 36 games  he is playing out of his mind 
"just discovered that buffalo's abc affiliate wkbw (channel 7), weekend sports anchor <propfirst> stepner is a ohio university graduate and was a broadcast journalism <propmale> at scripps  i'm looking to get an internship there in the summer  can you say, ohio university connection!"
just finished creating my first official resume 
the rock returned to wwe tonight and i missed it  dammit!!
i am a huge idiot!
nice win for ohio tonight over ub 
"another overtime game for the sabres, c'mon boys, come out with the win!"
sabres win!!!! in shootout!!!
buffalo sabres are the first team in nhl history to win a game after trailing 2-0 in both the game & shootout 
just on the longest jog of my life  i'm dead right now 
there's more paperwork than i ever thought there would be for these internship applications 
its such a good day outside  i want to go golfing so bad!
why did i leave my golf clubs at home? its perfect golf weather right now  65 degrees and <propfemale> 
wgr550's droid app is the sweetest app i've ever seen
"wow, another great win for st  johns "
awesome weekend so far!!!!
"nbc is a joke  instead of giving me the sabres game, they give me the detroit-minnesota game  if you weren't gonna give me the sabres game, u could've at least given me the flyers-rangers game "
finally getting some food today  thank god for chipotle
these snl specials on nbc are amazing
<propmale> sanders is going to meet with the bills tomorrow      another signing of a former big time player??????
cuse baby!
great day to be a basketball fan as melo gets traded to the knicks and the cuse win!
happy pegula day!!!
on to the intramural hockey championship!
"ou wins, sabres win, intramural hockey team wins, great night!"
"if the bills new jerseys are anything like some of the leaks i've been seeing online, i'm pumped! better jerseys equal better team "
"um way too dunk\\""\""\""\"""""
"so i guess i lost my keys, school id and bills hat last night       i'm an efffing idiot"
i am sooo out of it today
finally at <propmale> state
what a game tonight at <propmale> state! nice win for ou 
gotta love the nba
<propmale> boyes is now a buffalo sabres!
does tornado warning mean no class?
"the real thing that stuck out to me from this morning wasn't the tornado warning but instead, the severe thunder storm taking place  that shit was intense!"
it smells like the warm rainy golf course smell outside and i'm loving it
nhl trade deadline day has been boring so far
wwe raw is in buffalo tonight!
big game for ohio tonight  go bobcats!
great win tonight bobcats!
crazy game going on right now in miami  <propmale> 24 point comeback  up 5 with 7 minutes left 
fox and turner interested in picking up nhl television rights for next year  espn also in the mix  hockey is about to become relevant again 
muck fiami
stupid people don't deserve to be allowed to e playful ress their opinions 
can't believe i have to stay in on a saturday night for this stupid communication law research paper  this sucks!
i might be writing the worst paper of my life right now
i finally finished my paper!!!!!
"greatest tweet i've ever seen  comes from <propfirst> white of wgr550\\i love the #sabres commenters who are sky high up 2-0 and then label them \""pathetic losers\"" when it's 2-2  #yourethejoke\"""""
dreeeewwwwwwww stafford!!!!
"yea, you know what time it is  monday night raw time!"
hell yea stone cold <propmale> <propfirst>!
go bobcats!
guess what i'm giving up for lent this year?
r u ready for lent!!!!!! it's lent time  gonna make it 40 days this year!
is anybody driving to the <propmale> tournament on friday?
"cmon ou, stop playing like shit"
ou basketball comes through with the choke job
"when times get rough, root for syracuse!"
i hate french homework thats due on a friday night at 11:59pm
penn state just beat wisconsin 36-33  how do you win a game scoring only 36 points?
<propmale> <propmale> is the best announcer in sports!
rip <propmale> <propfirst>  famed member of the sabres french connection  you are a legend in buffalo and you will not be forgotten 
so excited for the ncaa tournament!
syracuse is gonna kick indiana state's ass!
"this pains me to say, i have ohio state winning the national championship"
ohio university basketball season isn't over yet  they're going to the cit 
the 30 for 30 fab5 documentary on espn tonight was absolutely amazing to watch  just a great documentary 
"i might be going to the ncaa tournament on friday in <propmale>!!!!! so excited!!!!! not for sure       yet but have a friend buying tickets  also, who is playing friday night in <propmale>? that'd be mah-quette and the cuse!!!!"
the first cit championship game 2 years ago was butler vs  old dominion  both won games in the ncaa last year and have made it back to ncaa this year  could ohio university follow in their footsteps?
going to <propfirst> tomorrow to cover ohio university in the cit 
snooki is going to wrestlemania!!!!
i know it's just the cit but ohio's win over <propfirst> was an awesome game tonight  game was tight throughout with ou's defense winning it for them in the end  now on to the second round 
<propmale> <propmale> is announcing the vcu-usc game  i am now officially pumped for the game!
"forget studying for final exams, the ncaa tournament is here"
got my first loss of the day  no big deal  had old dominion losing in the next round anyways 
first upset of the tourney! morehead state over louisville!!!!!
"wow, what a sad ending for penn state  fernandez wins game for <propfemale> with  4 seconds remaining "
morehead state to take on richmond in second round which means that at least on 12 or 13 is going to reach the sweet 16
"i love the ncaa and all but its sad to think that last year at this time, ou pulled the biggest upset of the tournament by beating georgetown as a 14 seed while this year we are only competing in the cit "
the tourney was going great today until st  <propfirst>'s decided not to show up
i'm going to the ncaa tournament tonight in <propmale>!!!!! gonna see my cuse play for first time!
finally home!
going to ncaa tournament was so sick yesterday  sat 6 rows up near mid-court for syracuse game
scoop jardine is an idiot! cuse deserved to lose  they played like shit
"100,000 people attended buffalo's st  <propfirst>'s day parade today  that's a lot of people "
"2nd time bowling in 3 months, averaged 223  yea, i still have game "
home on spring break and it snows    
"big day tomorrow: internship interview, fish fry, sabres game, hanging out  most of important of them all, the fish fry!"
hahaha ohio state
had the best spring break ever  i love buffalo and had an awesome time being back home 
i just found out that i got an internship in the sports department of channel 7 wkbw-tv in buffalo!!!!
let's-go-buffalo! beat those damn leafs!
"after hearing <propmale> dilfer talk about cam <propmale>, i'm back to wanting the bills to draft either <propmale> or fairley"
i don't think the sabres are going to win tonight
what a win for the sabres!!!!!!!!
"since i have no favorite teams in baseball, i'm going to adopt the reds as the team i'm going to watch this year "
reds win!!! 3-run walk-off home run by <propmale> hernandez!!!
just found a very cool website on buffalo sports  i'm gonna try to contact the owner of the site and try to become a writer for them  hope my plan works out 
the buffalo chicken finger wraps at <propmale> garb n' go are great!
"buffalo winsssssss in overtime! 3 point lead with 3 games remaining  playoffs, here we come!"
i'm watching the women's final four  it doesn't get anymore exciting than this 
