75ef1d6fb82b2cf05781464be7fdce90
happy easter facebook
going2sleepafteralongdayatwork
didnotwant2wakeupthismorning
formspring me meika69miranda
dont feel like getting up but i guess i have to  good morning world
inagoodassmood4somereason
ihatewakingupthisdamnearly
imsolonely
anotherdayofbullshit
i feel like ima die  i just got off work 
anotherdayofbullshitatwork
justgothomefromwork wishihadsomeonetoholdme
wish i had a someone
if he only knew how he made me feel he would understand how much i need him now
its hard watchin a friend you really care about get done wrong by a person they love
no senior skip day or marley fest for me on friday
no senior skip day or marley fest for me on friday
i hate seeing homeless ppl it breaks my heart
dont comment on my stuff if ur just gonna be rude
not going 2 school 2morrow
2day sucks
good workout now off 2 work
so lost about love
so confused about love    does he like me the way i like him
i dont even know why i asked i was better off not knowing now your gone 
time 2 work-out
done working out now time 4 work
happy b-day hitler
so lost at home bored
damn im so damn hungry
getting ready to work-out cuz im fat
movie night was kinda gay but would be better wit more ppl  next time should be a bond fire at weiners house
good morning everyone wats there to do 2day
im lost in a maze therefor ima amazing
i just cant take it anymore i loved you once but you fucked me over and it wont happen twice  its true only fools fall in love  i guess some ppl will never be happy 
"sing you a song, put me in your arms, keep my hair fixed, & you love the way i am  if it was only that way in reality"
i just cant take it anymore i loved you once but you fucked me over and it wont happen twice  its true only fools fall in love  i guess some ppl will never be happy 
wish i had all the drugs in the world so i could numb myself from all the pain that every1 has caused
i just cant take it anymore i loved you once but you fucked me over and it wont happen twice  its true only fools fall in love  i guess some ppl will never be happy 
as much fun as that was every1 can count me out next time for the rest of the year
i hate when <propmale> lips makes her fuck comments like shes funny or something when really shes nothin 2 no1 but a bag of walkin cum 
going 2 <propfemale> wit da cuz and his boys
i belive cryin is when tear form in ur eyes and come down  since that time that happened out was when my grandmother died 
had fun wit the few i like but its watever no1 had 2 lie 2 get me there and ur welcome 4 the pizza guys
"let me say this \ashley has the ride away \"" but under my breath """
shes out wit the cuzo and his darkness friends the nights only startin
whos my babe lol j k too live for it to be 2am  cant believe hes mad at me 
just got home about to go to sleep
cant sleep damn
watchin the lie unfold themselfs  2day is the day 
i guess 2nights the night i will be up at 2am waiting for your phone call
so won the fight!! since im at work wit my mom 
amazing day wit the besties <propfemale> & <propfemale> 
who thanx brownie & flea will be freakin amazing parents 
cock push-ups: you lay on the ground flat and try to lift yourself up wit your boner  lol omg 
so they say im fake and two faced but whos doing all the talkin behind closed doors  think before you speak 
woot woot   2day was a blast  missed out suckers 
"sick, i feel like i jumped off the statue of <propfemale> "
"jamin(lame) to \i wish i never met you\"""""
"todays going to suck, make up work for school, graduation stuff, and sitting here all day"
plans are changing for the party  trying to get everything straight
i feel like dying im fuckin sick
i guess im off to bed now my best friend isnt online!!!!!
being fucked over by someone you really trust and like sucks balls
ughh    my knee still hurts
fake bitchies these days thats i have to say right now
"i better find your lovin, i better find your heart   -drake(find your love)"
"im down for watever, as long as your down for watever"
"i know you say you love me girl, i know you say you love girl, the problem is you probaly say that shit to everybody so we hear you talkin boo we just dont believe you -drake"
i feel like im gonna pass out but its all good
"i know you say you love me girl, i know you say you love girl, the problem is you probaly say that shit to everybody so we hear you talkin boo we just dont believe you -drake"
for some reason i got the feeling to               
"ya me, i won favorite senior girl     woot! woot!"
amity is the coolest black person i know   smile 
<propfirst> is a fag jk
movie night was slamming
i hate when people get mad when you dont invite them 2 do things but when you do invite them they never go what the point if their not going to go
so much fun wit the besties!!!! hopfuly tubing tomorrow       ??
so i droped my phone in water and its not working
party was amazing!! everyone that didnt show up missed out!!
graduation day!!!!!!!!!!
planning a road trip
i dont understand why you do me the way you do me when others are around we will never work & its sad cuz i want us to work so bad even my besties know cuz i talk about you all the time
with one of the besties    having fun
it hit me today im done wit high school & i probaly wont see alot of the ppl i grew so close to my senior year  i wish everyone the best of lucky 
whatabuger at 5am always is amazing every time 
2nd night i cant sleep!!!!!!!!
hanging out with the besties!!
im <propfemale> and im super gay
mmmbop!
sooo     bored 
guess i will find me something else to do today     guess im going to <propfirst> 
going to <propfirst> wit <propfirst> & <propmale>     lol i have so much wit these losers  
i love how ppl say im having an aditude  when i dont really fuckin care to get one cuz i already found my own shit to do 
and you can all go get together and start talkin shit 
its fuckin hotter than the devils <propmale> outside and a headace from being in the sun 
i love how ppl lie to make themself look good 
glad i found out who my true friends are before i started my life outside of high school
stupid fuckin dumbass playin on my fuckin phone if ur so brave dont call blocked and actually talk when i fuckin answer!!!!! we're not in high school anymore 
"i have a big fuckin ego and its hard to chip  i know every last person would love to see me fall, but the truths is u cant stop someone thats unstoppable  from getting what they want  "
whataburger at 3am always just the way i like it     
its cold on ur side of the bed      
"i miss cat, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, & <propfirst> "
i love the way u lie 
"i meet this man            he is everything i want in a man                      a man that who makes me smile, when he smiles                         a man that speaks what he feels               he makes my heart skip a beat                        u know who u are"
"they say love is blind, you must be blind, so you dont see when your being fucked over, by the person that is suppost to love you back "
nigga u really though i was stuck on u like dat  naw u stay to far  just because i said i like dont mean we was a couple 
waitin for him to get off work     the longest wait ever 
it hot as the hell outside  looks like im stayin in today 
"did you hear about <propfirst> bieber? \he fell off a ladder trying to reach puberty!!!!!"
im bored     
if you're shooting for the stars then just shoot me -lil <propmale>
"<propfemale> is so stupid for trying to make things right wit me before she moves  the reason things are the way they are is because of you and your so called best friends made it this way  i have no regrets not being friends wit <propfemale>, amity, or <propfemale>  its time for you 3 to grow up we're not in high school anymore "
2year  5months  thats how long we been having this thing we got every moment hasnt been perfect but still  when its perfect it feels like were the only two ppl who have something real 
lookin for new friends to <propfemale> out wit  so hit me up inbox  lol
lookin for new friends to <propfemale> out wit  so hit me up inbox  lol
need something to do today     hit up the inbox 
goiing to the moviies   
friends become enemies
lookin for more new friends to chill wit    hit up the inbox   txt me
lookin for more new friends to chill wit    hit up the inbox   txt me
lookin for more new friends to <propfemale> wit    hit up the inbox   txt me
hoe  bitch  slut  whore  all females get call the same shit  i think its time to grow up from lettin the names get to us females 
hanging out wit some friends i never really <propmale> out wit before 
ima live life 2 da foulest!! so fuck wit it!!!
miissiing <propmale> bryd 
miissiing <propmale> bryd 
im so glad i finished high school a year early 
miissiing <propmale> bryd  why he gotta work untiil 3am?
2months strong  im pretty sure its gonna work this time 
ii love when ppl stiill run theiir mouths about me  iits been siince june so grow up dumb biitch 
happy 49th birthday sexy obama!!
wit my baby for the day 
my phone is off    it really sucks    i miss my baby!!!
so no phone yet cuz my stupid brother    i need a phone so bad 
school start in todays  sucks for the little kids  seniors make your last year count  good luck 
so im pissed  my ipod touch for some reason just stoped workin last night  so now i have no phone and no music     fml!!!
watchiin purple raiin   
"different day, same bullshit "
my babys been sick all day      so today sucked alil    
"everytime he lights up, time slows down "
"everytime he lights up, time slows down "
anyone have the photoshop software & wants to sell it let me know 
if i fall if i die know i lived it to the fulliest if i fall if i die know i lived it missing bullets
damn i need a j-o-b 
"you dirty little hamster, you"
all is fair in the game of love and basketball 
fuck love and all the ppl in love
needs <propfirst>      19th bdays coming up    
i need to get some gtl time in big time  watchin movies with the babe  hhhhiiiitttt mmmmeeee uuuupppp!!!!
      
fried pickles    omg   i want some so bad  
i will hide in a bush  i will pee in a bush  i will poop in a bush  what the fuck is wrong with me     snooki lol
jesus on my mind   
new number    inbox me
new number    inbox me
new number    inbox me to get it   
im so hungry
so bored
bored hit me    inbox
just got done playing just dance 2
cant wait until tomorrow     
happy valentines day everyone    
new number inbox me for it 
we took the moms to the outback     then to the juicy store
jersey shore   
like    i will rate you    1-10 
i finally got the black ops    me and the babe playin    hmu
i wanna get my tats   done need someone to do them
i wanna get my tats   done need someone to do them
i want ihop so bad     
i hate mfs that trying use their baby  like everyone agree to half the bills but they never got they part  they know its gonna get paid no matter wat cuz theres a baby in the house  no1 wants to see him live wit out anything just because his parents are stupid  smfh
bet no1 can answer all of this right:: do i smoke? do i drink? do i have kids? am i in a relationship? how old am i? did i graduate? when is my birthday? do i have a brother? do i have a sister? what race am i? what is my favorite food? what is my favorite color? what is my favorite place to eat? who are my top 3 favorite music artist? what is my favorite movie? :: lego
single or not  put this as your status and see your replies (inbox only)  1= i want a relationship     2= im falling for you      3= i want to hook up     4= i miss you
i need my tattoos done     help me
so wat up wit this party??
i wanna get my tattoos done  help me 
close your mouth and let your eyes listen    lil <propmale>
so my phone is being stupid  when i answer my phone it ignors my call  on top of that when i dial it will only call my voicemall no matter what number i call 
money is money #drizzyvoice
miss me #drizzyvoice im out
<propfemale>
does anyone know how to sew hair in or know someone that does  hmu
<propfemale>
today <propfemale> turns 3years old  what a handful 
everyones posting rip <propfemale> and shes still here fighting   
i didnt know <propfemale> that well but what i did know of her was that she was a nice girl and she will besed by all her friends and family  rip <propfemale>
"i hate not knowing things, its makes me feel like im not in control   "
omg    ppl these days   
"moving around the 22nd to small town markham, tx "
