f72c2e14358e1375c8099ea6d1f8efbe
great team just a bad night  we'll get em friday  love ya guys
its better to be told a hurtful truth than to be told a comforting lie 
"i've learned that maturity has more to do with what types of e playful eriences you've had and what you've learned from them, rather than how many birthdays you've celebrated "
someone here is lying  
whata cutie  ''d
what a great day smile 
surgery tomorrow indecision 
"okay, im tired of this couch  come on dumb foot, work already "
i can walk smile 
omg get a freakin life 
i can not go to sleep 
why am i so freakin out of it today 
i had a good night smile 
what a great night smile  had a lot of fun with <propfirst> and his family 
"what a bad day sad \why do people break into houses? find something better to do with your time "
tonight will be fun smile 
"fun night laugh \i didn't understand that freakin movie tho   "
 laugh 
had a great night laugh 
fun day laugh 
tonight will be fun!! laugh 
great night wink 
"omg, stupid phone!"
today will be fun laugh 
i wish i wasnt so freakin sensative sometimes!
one month!  laugh 
what a great night!
"ya made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter, you are the best thing that's ever been mine!!-taylor swift"
i wonder who you'd be today?
nostradamus effect is freakin scary  the world can't end m graduating year!!
going camping laugh 
first day of school and my car gets hit playful   just my luck lol
good day smile 
aye <propfemale> <propfemale>!!
"oh man, four more days smile "
tonight was fun smile 
lil fitch
what the heck? i have no idea what that last post i wrote was  my bad lol
i'm already tired of school annoyed 
pretty good night not gonna lie 
gonna sleep in!
it's all about tonight
two months
ugh i'm sick sad 
"no school today, i feel like crap "
"hope my granny can handle another surgery annoyed  she's been through <propfemale> much, i hope i'm as tough as her one day!"
fall just started and i'm already freezin my butt off  whatthe heck
time for bed
good day smile 
is it really freakin monday 
best night in a long time! smile 
man i'm tired
"omg, when are they just gonna stop this arguing in front of me sad "
"dont you hate when somebody says something to you and it hurts, even tho they probably weren't meaning it the way you took it "
holy cow im exhausted 
good night smile  100% on all three tests tonight!
what the heck is the purpose of a gourd?
time for more school sad 
going to freakin grocery shop
im so happy im out of the desert  i love the rain smile !  reno on saturday baby!
baby lets roll with it  smile 
trust would be nice 
"alright <propfemale>, im in bed  lol  goodnight "
and im off to the joker and batman's wedding smile 
in reno smile 
very fun weekend smile 
its an aggravated assult in louisiana to bite someone with false teeth  lol
grandma now knows the news  indecision   lol
first year in my life that there's gonna be school on my birthday  wat the heck
i miss my best friend  its still so weird not seeing that girl everyday sad 
miss my mom
fun game smile  bedtime
"i am tired  oh man, and have a gigantic headache "
whatever 
long day  one hour till more class 
i cant sleep at all
this is gonna be a very very long day 
is that a poverty ring? hahaha come on girl 
i hydroplaned tonight and almost freakin wrecked earlier  dang rain 
this is way to early to be up doing clinicals
i dont feel good at all sad 
"and who cares if you disagree, you are not me, who made you <propmale> of anything smile "
"raise your glass if you are wrong, in all the right ways!"
im sick of being sick 
i dont understand the difficulty in just being respectful 
thank you fortune cookie smile 
"even on my weakest days, i get a little bit stronger smile "
i had fun today! smile  love my aunt <propfirst> 
"school, then more clinicals tonight  sad "
"like my status & i'll tell you: \1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  \2  the color you remind me of  \3  my first memory of you  \4  the animal you remind me of \   5  ask something i've always wondered about you  \6  my favorite thing about you  \7  give you a weird nickname \8  challenge you to post this "
watching grey's anatomy  love 
this is crap  its really time to grow up and think before you say things 
my mom and grandma just got here! suprise smile !
no school tomorrow smile 
thank you everyone for the happy birthdays!!! you all rock smile 
last night was pretty awesome smile  i love my family!
stupidity isn't a virus    but it sure is spreadin' like one!
you're stuck with me sucka!! lol
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow "
if i could write a letter to me   
"a lot of things fall apart and break, but promises shouldn't be one of those things  especially the ones to yourself     sad "
got my cna smile 
"for every promise, there is price to pay   ~jim rohn"
where's <propmale> when i need him?
on my way to salt lake for turkey day smile 
the stupid thing does have a power button 
watching nostradomus smile  lol
"hey you, <propfemale> <propmale>, i love you  you make me smile "
im sorry camren sad 
lol so <propmale> just complimented on my brown and orange hat  hideous! but apparently it looks good on me  lol how dumb 
woohoo!!! go olathe!!
truck or help?
one of the worst days i've had 
man i have a huge headache
nosey freakin people really piss me off 
"baby you're a firework, come on show em what you're worth smile "
this sucks sad 
five months smile 
"you drive me crazy half the time, the other half im only trying to let you know that what i feel is true, and im only me when im with you "
not a day goes by 
"`try, try and try again, until you cant try any longer  and if that doesnt work you just spent a long time on something you just couldnt do        -stinky"
`(hey <propmale>)
goodnight smile 
what a sweet boyfriend  he's painting my toenails
does anyone have skype?
six months  love 
amazing day! happy half a year lol   smile 
some people just never learn   sad 
"uhh, long day  and im still trying to write a report for child growth and development!!  sad "
oh man i am so sore 
im not feeling to good  sad 
im pretty sure i sold my car laugh 
going snowmobiling today  smile 
so my hair got chopped off yesterday and i curled it today  oh man  way short 
dont you hate when somebody lies to you and you know for a fact they're doing it 
i blew up my snowmobile today playful   oh well   happy 8 months yoseph 
i sold my car!
i sold my car!
got my car  smile 
i had a nightmare   sad  so now instead of sleeping i report to facebook  what the heck
on my way to vegas smile 
