aab8a080791997dc75820bf52b5cd0cd
i feel        tired and slighty hungry    i think i'll eat some food!!!
i love food     
oh my god      watchmen is the greatest movie of all time      amazing movie!!!!
won't be in school today        go to go to g - forks     moms in the hospital       
i still feel like crap       but i'm not to sick anymore just really tired and really sore     will try to be at school tomorrrow   
still horrible     doctor says its a virus so not antibiotics for me         it just has to run its course      i hate being sick!!!!
can anyone telll me what we did in geometry today? thanks
i'm feeling better     still runny nose and sore throat though       darn you flu or strep whatever you are!!!
feeling way better!!!! got all my homework done!! 3 days no school was soooo boring though    now a 3 day weekend? ugh when will i see my friends???!?!?!?!
just rocking some beatles and relaxing  smile 
are eyebrows considered facial hair?
get back jojo!!!!!
hanging with <propfirst>
how is everyone? this is a mass wall post!!!! everyone please reply and tell me how you are right when you read this!!!! i wanna see how many people will answer!!
omg good thing chool was delayed i thought i slept in          
nothing is on my mind facebook i just don't feel like talking        nah imma just tired
      i had to get my first 2 fillings ever today at the dentist        sad 
i hate when it's only like 6 or 7 o'clock but you feel so tired that it seems like 11 or 12!
there's no one you can save that can't be saved      it's easy        all you need is love
"well i wait around the train station     waiting for my train    to take me, from this lonely place    "
"i went to the store today and there was one magazine out of 23 about anyhting interesting     the rest were tabloid magazines about how to stay thin    and how <propmale> and <propfemale> were having a 'divorce'     i almoast cried     not over the divorce, only because there was only one cool magazing     \guitar world\"""""
avatar rulez!!!!!!!
i've got soul but i'm not a soldier   
anyone have ideas for the new n r a  band name?
"let it snow, let it snow, let it          shut up!!!!!"
don't worry 'bout the future    sooner or later its the past
i hate being sick!!!!!
can't wait for track!!! basketball is getting old now   
"t g i f  \that's all i have to say about that\"""""
who loves winkle?
i'm walkin' on sunshine     waooooh!!!
stop! while i do up my laces     ! word to your mother!
die sonne steht still
losing sucks    
last game tomorrow! i am sick of basketball and i'm soooo happy to be rid of this god forsaken sport! track and spring i miss you!!!!
i knew we had it in us guys 21 points      we can beat anyone if we just go for it! play all summer and lets domo next year     class of 2013 basket ball rules!!!
speech rulez
"i will bite my thumb at him, and if he stands it it be insult to him!"
"on choir tour and miss all my real friends     lol jk, its all good  smile !"
look out! flying monkies!!!!
i'm tired     but alas sleep will not come!
yes the laziest sport starts tomorrow!!! track & field!
ever have one of those days where you want to be productive but just can't seem to do anything?
if you're happy and you know it clap your hands!
boom! that was the sound of awesomeness hitting you in the face!
nap time!
shouldn't have taken a nap      went to bed at 7 smile 0 woke up now       i'm screwed   
doing homework at 1:42 for the first time this year      i'm so far behind      yay prokrastination (not)    
"3:52 a m  (only 1 more report to go, yay!!!!) i really should've done my homework in school  sad "
i love this weather    take that snow mwuhahahahaha!!!
yay its friday tomorrow! this week went fast    
yay the weekend!
o' hark my dearest angel where <propmale> thou the world be withou thee to keep it alive      we all love our caffine  wink 
i'm at a crossroads to an important decision     ugh! i hate tough choices!!!
i'm seriously considering quitting basketball next year      it's just not fun anymore   
senior game was entertaining tonight     bout 50 50 now so i might be in b ball     srry for the drama lol
chocolate
being noisy and comedic is good 80% of the time    but why can't i just be left alone when that 20% rolls around and i want to be left alone?
mmmm rice krispie bars and chocolate frosting    together we can fight communism!!
"california here we come, right back where we started from     "
ever have one of those days? you know when everything suck and you just want to go home and sleep    today wasn't one of those  smile 
depressed is not the new cool people       why can't we all just be happy     let's obliviate teenage drama!
when in doubt go plaid!
the weather is rockin' lately! spring i love you!!!  smile  never leave!
"don't worry about a thing, ‘cause ev-ry little thing gonna be all right                         -<propmale> marley"
lifting weights everyday now tryin' to bulk up     conner i need you to push me man!!!!
<propmale> marley   why did you die man?
"here is a little song i wrote, you might want to sing it note for note, don't worry be happy,  in every life we have some trouble, when you worry you make it double  don't worry, be happy      "
i don't think my guitar is comin' with this saturday   
   
twenty-twenty-twenty four hours to go i wanna be sedated
sections     here i come
"life ain't easy     thats why god invented caffine, so you can stay up all night figuring out how to fix your life!  smile   wink  ><                                -"
all i can say is that my life is pretty plain    i like watchin puddles gather rain  wink 
"omg i love augustana!!!!! listen to the song \boston\"" everyone!!!!"""
hello darkness my old friend     i've come to talk with you again
wow i havent updated my profile in awhile  sad          i guess that's the end of that then   
sugar!!!!
why would you fight someone that can fly???? you'd get killed      stupid henchmen    
thor hammer smash!!!!!
those bleachers were scorching! but all the choirs fought through and did great anyways!!! choir 4 life!!!!
wisdom teeth pulled today     no fun      thank god for painkillers though    
hey guys!!!! wanna do some stuuuuuuuufffff?!?!?
boom!! you just gott zapped by lightning!!!
yay sunburn!     (not)
the red <propmale> of diamonds!!!!
"\oh i'm braden and i have pecks!!!\"" o_0"""
"despite the cost of living, it remains a largely popular choice among people today     smile \saw that in a pamphlet today    had a good chuckle over it    "
"why don't you ever see the headline \psychic wins lottery\""?"""
"if you're driving a hearse for a funeral, carrying the body    do you get to drive in the carpool <propfirst>?"
it's hard to talk to someone when you never see them    
feeling alot better about alot of different things     either that or it's head trauma      not quite sure    
lovin' screaming music    i guess i was hasty  smile     check out the new band and <propfemale> if you haven't      last flight south    we have a new guitarist    kord maurer from our escape     smile 
is definately angry right now    
      
pizza flavored ice cream     any thoughts?
aaaaawwwwwhhhhuuuuuggggaaaa!!!!!
"<<<<<<<<< (look at my profile picture)             i used to be a dragon-slayer, but it became boring     "
kord i love you google chrome rulez!
is pooped      recording isn't easy work    
kord is in the process of putting our songs on myspace     
1 song up check it out!
we have songs on myspace!!!!
"can't decide if he is tired, or just plain bored   "
s'mores or rice krispies?
can't sleep    -_-
sky rockets in flight     whoooop!
"i don't believe that anybody feels the way i do, about you now    "
"not a good day today    rain and sleepiness, not a good combo   "
will it be better day today at the fair?    let's hope so    
the fair wasn't too fun 'till the very end     kord rulez!
just spent 4 hours watching spongebob!!!!!
flying sharks! now there is no hope for the human race   
"due to my new pet peeve, i will now commence to be a grammar nazi!"
"is going to start a new project musically    will figure things out soon    hoping to start practicing next week! (sorry braden, i have to clean house this week )"
greatest show ever!!!! burn notice!!!!
skwisgaar!
"just made breakfast: bacon, eggs, hash browns, and pink lemonade"
dynamite with a laser-beam!
"what's the worst you take? from every heart you break?\and like a blade you stain     well i've been holding on tonight \what's the worst that i could say? things are better if i stay!"
to infinity! and beyond!!!
thank you all! i'm having a decent birthday! and it's all thanks to     wait none of you gave me anything!!!  > sad        lol jk  thank you all again!
time to mow the lawn!
who lives in a pineapple under the sea?!?!?
marathon running!
old nickelodeon or old cartoonnetwork?
why is everyone up so late?!?!?!?!
workin' today!
it's hot 
go to bed!!! and while you're at it    get off my laaaaaawwwn!
yup 
"and one of these days we'll no longer betray, ourselves in any way  we won't all look the same way down "
party on friday    yay    -_-
   
"taking a break from the band for awhile  the show on saturday put a lot of things into perspective for me  don't know when i'll be back    not for awhile  i'm not mad at anyone in the band     sincerely, javan z  baker"
work    ugh
'cause  i'm t n t !
"can't stop addicted to shin-dig    cop top he says i'm gonna win big   \choose not a life of imitation    distant cousin to the reservation   "
"check out the \what's gonna happen?\"" videos  they will make your day    guaranteed!"""
just downright tired    and when i'm tired i'm cranky     sad 
"i'm absolutely loving \insecticide\"" many thank-you's to you <propmale>!"""
"if i get 10 likes on this post, i'll put up a new \what's gonna happen next \"" 20 likes and i'll put up 2! show me you like them peeps!"""
"just got done watching, \who framed <propmale> rabbit?\"" i hadn't seen it in years    i love loony toons!"""
anyone in the roseau warroad  or within' 40 <propmale> of there  interested in making a hard rock alternative band? if you post a reply please do so seriously   
tired    
"just got off        off work that is  (you are a very sick person, get your mind out of the gutter!)"
tired    again   
playin' pokemon    heck yeah 
"wait a minute i'm passing out, win or lose    just like you    far more shocking than anything i ever knew     how 'bout you?\ten more reasons why i should find somebody new     just like you    "
new guitar peeps!
aaaahhhhooooooooggggaaaa!
is thinking    
'cause i'm back in plaid!!!
through early morning fog i see  visions of the things to be  i realize now and i can see 
had fun today at work  smile 
"listening to \don't stop believing\"" on vinyl!"""
was being stalked at work 
school was epic today!
not sure what to put   
isn't tired     just thinking
"dearly beloved are you listening? i can't remember a word that you were saying  are we demented or am i disturbed? the space that's in between insane and insecure  oh therapy, can you please fill the void? am i retarded or am i just overjoyed? nobody's perfect and i stand accused  for lack of a better word, and that's my best excuse!"
"was really po'd (was about to punch something, just had an extremely crappy evening earlier)      so i cleaned my room and now i feel better!"
"space may be the final frontier, but it's made it a hollywood basement    buy me a <propfemale> on the boulevard, it's californication "
is feelin' high      high on life!
psychic spies from <propfemale> try to steal your mind's elation; and little girls from sweden dream of silver-screened quotations  but if you want these kind of dreams it's californication 
digimon!
everybody panic! there is a bear loose in the stadium!!!
high ho! high ho! it's off to work i go! da da dadada da da dadada da da da daaaaaa
actually did my algebra! man i am tired!!!
is everyone angry today? no one is answering their phone    or else they just <propfemale> up     this sucks     i think i just need to get some sleep    
"is tired, real tired "
isn't very happy     just sad-ish     but tomorrow will be better!
the cookies needed more water    
ram's fan section rulez!
who dare disturb me? who seeks to destroy what i've worked my life to forge? treason!
greetings! my name is nikolai belinski!
tired   
"is \it\"""""
ya'll text me your name and number    i be needing them in my new phone!
is feeling angerfied! jk life is good!
greenhoe for health!
algebra test tomorrow    yay   
<propmale> is slow   
"so here's the situation i have a dentist appointment at 9 surprise 0a m  in grand forks    \here is the conversation  time: 11:52p m \mom: hey why don't we just drive down tonight?\me: ummmmm     where will we stay?\mom: idk we'll find somewhere   \me: ummm     okay \so     yeah road trip with mumsy at 12 smile 0 in the morning    this should be fun  smile "
"i'm so happy, 'cause today i found my friends    they're in my head   "
i'm so ugly; but that's okay 'cause so are you   
i just thought that i should call    but i go for the phone and fall    because i know it's true    that i'm over you 
we've broke our mirrors 
it's a long road back   but it was fun!
home at last   
ugh    <propmale> lack of motavation right now   
angerfied!
"i have seen the others; i have discovered, that this fight is not worth fighting!"
having logic arguments with <propfemale>!
she lost  wink 
darn you facebook! i need to write my paper!!! (stop being so interesting!! how dare you connect me to people beyond the realm that of which my cell phone cannot handle!!!)
ugh nothing was happening today    it was sooooooooooooooo boring in roseau!
hallelujah! the research is done! (tomorrow i will start writing the god-forsaken paper!) p s  i owe you one yet again!  wink 
argh!
"work all weekend! making money, boo-yah!"
is pooped   
feels awesome!
is tired of work for awhile   
is feeling pretty awesome!
playing wii with <propfemale>    she isn't very good 
what do you want for christmans?
boo!
is super grumpy  
is really feeling horrible    this weekend turned out crummy   fml 
it's over    i'm done 
just friggen lovely 
thanks for listening   you made my mood better    smile 
pumped fer saturday!
i love your face!!!
hey mister where ya heading? are you in a hurry?
feelin' purty good!
don't worry! be happy!
is never ever going to be sad ever again   ever!
"i just thought you should know, that you are kinda sorta   well    how do i put it?    oh yeah!   awesome!  wink "
just read a 427 <propfemale> book in 4 hours    sleep? ha! nope time to start the next book  smile     p s  i can honestly say i'm sorry  sad 
hates bus rides     specificly cold ones when you can't sleep
yup    i'm stupid 
"fine, just ignore me    thanks <propmale>  sad "
i never lied to you    you repaid me by leaving me blind when i needed you most    everything is wrong 
really?    i gave you your space   waited for you    treated you nicely    all that is undone    for good   
"mister blue sky, please tell us why, you've had to hide away for so long!"
"anyone in the roseau, warroad, greenbush or bager area interested in starting some kind of band? i am open to just about any kind of music   looking for a bassist and or drummer  "
oh what a beautiful morning! everything is going my way!
"round 1, done    round 2, done    round 3, bring it  "
making new friends is <propfemale> much fun! speech has cool people  smile 
"boy, i'll tell yeah    the universe had this super awesome way of correcting all it's wrongs if you do good deeds    things are looking pretty good now!"
"haha, i need new profile pictures    i've been shifting between the same 3 for the past 4 months   "
hey guess what?
hanging out with @elle gillespie  thee coolest chick ever smile 
pumped for saturday!
"dearly belove'd are you listening? nobody's perfect and i stand accused  for lack of a better word, well that's my best excuse "
thank you very sincerely for the wonderful conversation   you made my whole week better    you were always my favorite  wink 
"recorded 2 songs with rosco today and went to a \par-tay\"" (<propfirst> haman's birthday thinger) success!"""
today was a good day    1st in discussion and hanging with cool peeps     speech is da bomb!
"dear weather, please stay warm forever and ummm could you bring spring quick and make it stay for awhile?"
"happy <propfirst>'s day? haha, not even   "
was stressed   until he fried some e playful erimental chicken with <propfemale>! (at midnight)
"supernatural, nuff said  smile "
today is a <propfemale>'s day parade   the night of the living dead is on its way 
death metal at 11 smile 0p m  (life's good)
was an extreme fashion disaster today!  smile 
lovely weather outside    i didn't know roseau had become the ninth circle of hell   
"be prepared to be shock'ed tomorrow    mr  fugelberg, you shall be out prided!"
"driving back roads, watching supernatural, punk jamming and degrassi    life is good and today is awesome  smile "
ate a whole box of girlscout cookies    i feel super healthy  
"ugh    all i can say to e playful ress my current sit-chee-ay-tion is: \ugh \"""""
make that 2 boxes of girl scout cookies   i feel so dirty  sad 
really in a bad mood     going to clean my room to let some anger out  
"cooking breakfast tortillas, but wait! it's 2 in the afternoon! can anyone say rebellious?  "
"2nd in disco, not a bad day!  smile  p s  speech kids rule!"
just woke up   whatta night!
"are we? we are, the waiting!"
"has been revisiting the \american idiot\"" album by a little band called green day    it has been quite a success  smile """
sorry to all those who received random <propfemale> messages     i hit a wrong button on my phone and it <propfemale>d my recent contacts   
"hi, i'm javan    i like you  smile "
"and my head told my heart\\let love grow \""\",aab8a080791997dc75820bf52b5cd0cd,"haha, oh you know  wink "
awesome day  smile 
2nd place at <propmale>  'tis a good day  smile 
<propfirst> friggen tosh  
choir tour countdown (approx  9 hrs 45 minutes)  smile 
choir tour    commence!
"borderlands, movies, rockstars, pop-tarts and nerdy glasses    last night = win"
hates when he messes things up and ends up thinking about what he did wrong until 5 smile 5 in the morning 
early morning workout  hopefully it'll help me tie together what is going on 
hey good lookin'  wink 
"it's alright \to tell me \what you think \about me\i won't try \to argue \or hold it \against you\i know that \you're leaving \you must have \your reasons\the season \is calling \your pictures \are falling down\\and it's happened once again\i'll turn to a friend\someone that understands\sticks to the master plan\but everybody's gone\i've been here for too long\to face this on my own\well i guess this is growing up"
"is it okay \if i speak to you today? \you've been p***ed off for a week now,\with nothing i could say \could make you look up \or crack up \is there anything that i can do \anything to show you   "
"to all whom it may concern    i have a very important announcement   read this!!!! due to popular demand, it has been decided that there shall be more \what's going to happen next?\"" videos coming very soon to a facebook near you!!"""
"pick out a tux, go bowling and pretty much just live it up  fridays kick butt!"
2nd in speech today    speech kids are the coolest!! (except for disco kids  wink 
"in the process of recording more \what's going to happen next?\"" videos!!!"""
bantor!!!! raaaaawwwwrrrrr?
cenex chattin'
archery time!
mongo best friends  smile 
