0787ad82310b44c2d22515d4ce6bc651
"time to start anew, motherfuckers "
"<propmale> just wrote to me in a message \son of the bitch \"" lol!"""
i'm vile!!! i'm a vile rat!
this fucking neighborhood drives me insane 
mania  maaaannnniaaaa  i love you decaying deer
"there's this <propfemale> redfield who despises <propmale> burnside on here and i find it fuckinnnn hilarious man  she's like on social interview \would <propmale> burnside make you cry?\"" and she put \""no but i'll make him cry \"" then he puts like  love   love  and shes like \""stfu i hate you\"" and he goes \"" laugh   laugh \"""""
> > i hate people 
"you know, i am honestly contemplating getting off of facebook altogether  what a waste of time "
time to grow the fuck up ho 
sorry  but i've been through alot of emotional shit in my life and people have made me realize how much of a selfish prick i was and how much i needed fucking mental help  so i willl push that same tough love on others 
who adds their own mom on a rp'ing account? the fuck  
deleted my <propmale> ashford account  you can all suck me dry now 
"gangsta rap song: \whooo haha!! i respect women when i'm on a date! i take em to a park or maybe a musuem and i only try to kiss them if they're ready! whoohoo! a-wha-wha? what? i say what what? help out your mom and dad by getting a job so you can help pay for school supplies! woohoo! sayhooo! wipe your shoes on the mat when you come in the house! someone just cleaned that floor! woohoo! say what what? ahaaaaa!!\"""""
this guy is such a cock gobbler  hes riding my <propmale> harder than any girl has ever ridden it before 
long island is beautiful  i want to move there  at least at first 
back to college tommorrow  wish me luck  i know i'm gonnabe late already since they gave me some weird ass address and the trains are being asshole and no one at home is willing to help me  fuck shuttle buses  i just want to get to fucking 34'th street between 8th and 9th avenues in peace 
"man i remember one time when my dorky 9th grade math teacher got really upset with my class and yelled\ you guys are bothering me!  to the max!\"" then everyone started to laugh their asses off at him  i couldnt stop laughing after everyone was done though  oh those were the days   leadershit """
fuckin bitch 
i hate motherfucking kids 
"this is how my family is  you can be the most evil bitch in this family and you can abandon your kids  you can ruin your mothers credit for no good reason just because you are a fucking immature brat and there will always be others supporting those fucked up people in my family  and no, the person i am currently living with is not evil  aka my mother  shes been through real evil and my family knows this "
i ran 3 <propmale> today for cross country team  and i am beat 
geeez how am i still getting fucking mosquito bites? there must be one in my room  but where ?
i'm gonna get out of my horny mood now  great 
i love you <propmale> burnside
"1 of every 10\people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly\putdown, given bad labels, left alone, put in minority, and so much\more  all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are\committing suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them that\      life will get better and that you respect them for who they are, copy\and paste this  most of you wont  lets see the 5% that will "
i need some weed 
"right now, i'm mad at everyone  one is being internet bullied, the other is trying to talk to some dude whos still obsessed with her and is obviously sick in the head  listen man, people, don't talk to me anymore if you're all gonna be this way or support that shit "
the only thing i have energy for is to copyt snd padte <propfirst> chimeta stoies
shiiiit i can't taste or smell anything  -_-
i really fucking hate and dislike passive aggressive people 
"dude  and this is why i dont show vimes respect  he unblocks me so he can send me this  this  omg, i wanna meet him so bad so i can fuck him up till he can see his fucking dead family members "
"ya see, people don't believe me about a person at first  you might think hes all sweet and good but once he gets all shitty at you, youre gonna see the beasts true colors "
andate tutti a 'fanculo! chistu picciotto è spacchiusu  succhiatore 
"before i spazz out in real life, i need my celexa "
"going to a real haunted mansion in long island for halloween  not one of the fake ones with people in costumes but an actual spirit filled one, supposedly  well actually, there has been nohing but proof that weird shit has happened here  in this one, a teenage girl died there in 1906, giving birth to a baby and apparently she is extremely violent and creepy  the baby died as well "
bitches wanna lie but these bitches dont know about my jihad 
"if she thinks that this is some anger phase i'm going through, shes dead wrong  its permanent and i dont want her in my life at all "
dont you wanna wanna sanka?
no  i really do 
no i am not a part of the fucking mob so shut the fuck up  being italian does not make you automatially affiliated with any of that 
stop coming and going! get on your ps3!
weirdo 
"all anybody does in this pathetic ass world is whine so dont be a hypocrite, people "
"people suck people suck people suck people suck  hey <propmale>, are you just gonna sit there and whine about it? how about you get up and do something about it? like kill all the people who annoy you? letting it out is not good  the teenage mentality is: you must not whine or ur like lame "
fb is a piece of shit right now 
i probably know like 3 people out of everyone i have ever known on facebook to not be messed up 
dude  i'm gonna fail this computer test that i have tommorrow cause i never pay attention in that boring ass two hour class and i don't understand what this damn guy is saying! damn teachers with fuckin accents!
burritos are good 
passive aggressive cuntballs 
fuccck i ate a tv dinner and i'm still hungry  i'm not a little kid with the small stomach anymore it seems  philosophy is interesting 
i see some old fashioned pictures of my family on here and i'm gonna upload some 
"-dog barks and barks and barks and barks and barks some more then squeals and stops barking  kid notices from a distance, goes to check on dog, can't find him  later on, finds the dog dead in the back of his mothers suv -"
thanks for trying to ruin what we just got back  asshole 
cant believe this faggot is back in my house 
goddamnit i want my sims 3 game to start working again on this shitty ass laptop that cant take the game and turns off after 30 fucking minutes playing it  i dont wanna be online anymore  aint shit to do around here on not busy days 
"everytime people don't want me to do something or don't like something i'm doing, i end up doing more of it "
angry video game nerd is hilarious 
i'm gonna take you back to the past to play these shitty games that suck ass  i'd rather have a buffalo take a diarrhea dump in my ear  i'd rather eat the rotten asshole of a roadkill skunk then down it with beer 
my amygdala is always on point  that's annoying 
i'm returning as <propmale> now only because i now have my <propfemale> 
there's no food  how do you go shopping and theres still no fukin food? thats bad 
"<propmale> is gay  i mean, i have so much proof  who thinks i should make a <propfemale> about <propmale>, using all of his gay statuses? i'm not kidding, i really will report him to <propmale> qaeda! ((i hope that's how you spell it )"
i am so  horny  tonight would be my sex night again  <propfemale>  -cough cough  looks around- um what?
mmm bacon  i love you i love bacon lbacon bacob canco
is fapping as we speak 
???~????????~?????~~????????~?i'm so chinese and so awesone
mood swings are due to my bipolar which acts up horribly during the winter 
"und nur unser verjudeten demokratien, die nur denken kann anhand des kapitalismus, pflegen können, wenn man state liefert maschinen an einen anderen staat it dominiert dadurch dieses staates ist    in wahrheit solche vorherrschaft, wenn sie auftritt,  nur ein gegenseitigkeitsabkommen!"
all he needed was help  i can see that in my future if my amygdala doesn't get patched up too 
"deutschland forderte nichts <propmale> england und frankreich  alle im reich der kündigungen, die abrüstung und frieden vorschläge, waren vergebens  internationalen finanz- und plutokratie wollen dieser krieg zum ziel zu bekämpfen  so am ende dieses krieges werden und muss ihre vernichtung  vorsehung kann <propfemale> einen weg, ihre leute, zu führen, aus denen die ketten werden, in eine bessere ordnung geschlagen werden finden!"
i wanna see mohammeds <propfemale> about me man!!
?_? <<fucking face
omg  my internet browser is so not hxc  not fit for a scene kid like me 
so this muslim hates scene people like me and he wrote this to me in a message  <propfemale> friedrich is mentioned here too so read hunny  <propmale> strikes again!
"the secret habit = masturbation, people "
so damn tired i think i might pass out early 
shit! i got five terrorists going southeast on bakalakadaka street! one of them is <propmale>!
<propmale> now be speakin' the tongue called english (pirate) while aboard ye olde facebook 
everything is going wrong  i can't take this 
"fuckers better let me register tommorrow  this is first come first serve classes, goddamnit "
these motherfuckers  i can't fuckin believe that they're honestly not letting me go through with this  i give up 
fuckin slut 
twat
has killed three of his friends mercilessly 
i wanna suck the milk out of her left tit  why her left? i don't know!
"this is a warning i wanted to put out to all girls women in the new york area: there is a new thing going around  if you see a girl, boy, grown adult or whoever, crying on the side of a road, asking you to go to a certain address, then call the police and do not go to that address with them  this is a new way for gang members to rape females  this is according to cnn and some other news thing in brooklyn "
i saw a veteran without his legs today  both of them  a young guy too  it was heartbreaking 
"i hate it when my little brother talks like the rest of the \wannabe gangsta\"" kiddos in his little school  this world is so fuckin stupid """
woe is me!!!! oh yahj1!!
my thalamus sucks ass 
goodbye for a long time  piece of shit laptop 
"why should she feel miserable?! she has everything she fucking needs! she has eveything she fucking wants and can get more than enough! she's not cramped up and in a fucking prison is she? i bet she would get insanely depressed if she were in the situation i'm in right now and i've been through real emotional hell over real shit, not over nothing! and fuck it "
will be on only when my laptop lets me 
fuckin piece of shit  i hope that this breaks  for good  fuckin waste of shit time 
"sure i may be a <propmale> in your eyes <propmale> coter or whatever, but you only hear <propfemale>'s bitching, no one else's  anyway no more arguments, no more headaches  i did the right thing it seems  and i like my life  i really do  i appreciate what i have and i can be grateful unlike some other losers who need to grow up cause they have more than me  i just decided i don't give a fuck what people say or think about me "
my phone is mentally retarded 
being a citizen of this earth feels like my brain is on a frying pan and its slowly peeling away the layers of my brain off as it fries  lol reminds me of this cannibal that killed his victims and ate em like that  cold blooded 
<propfemale> blanco is a crazy bitch 
fits of rage have to go  apostle <propfirst> went through ten times worse and i have the nerve to get mad over nothing? pfffft!
i like umbrella chronicles  i loved playing with <propfirst>  i don't know why people complain about it  it's cool  the only thing i don't like is that shitty random ass wiimote  
i can't shoot <propfemale>'s motherfucking tentacles  bitch stay still! i got a borrowed copy of darkside but i still wanna buy it  
i'm gonna get locked up again  thanks to this fucking bitch 
"stab, rip, fucking kill the bitch and bastard "
"what <propmale> wrote to me in message: \yeah i'm mother fucker and you just a bitch who i want to fuck him   wink  \"" <<< that's super gay """
i hate how i get bored with everything so quickly   i lose interest in people and basically tell them to fuck off  same thing with everything else i do 
"pattycat, pattycat is the shitfuck video "
<propfirst> the snowcatt 
i skipped all classes today  why? what's wrong with me?
omg  everyone is beating the holy shit out of my <propmale>! > sad 
"if you guys have never met dayne sorvisto, then you have never e playful erienced real internet bullying, lol  i find it funny how some people think i'm a bully (i could be, when someone starts with me first), but they don't know the real extent of that bullying "
"holy shit  i never thought this would be happening but goodbye, new york forever  we're moving to detroit, michigan  from one ghetto to another  but at least i'm out of here  right? sigh "
"once i find a computer in this ghetto shithole of detroit, (if i don't get shot in the process), i have to update my location and all of that shit "
"my blackberry is gone forever  i just fucking got the shit and these ghetto fucking bastards stole the shit  oh yeah, dont work for your shit  just steal it "
i better not let you me catch me you 
