1f88e780472ded8a1e105d40bf076696
sherlock holmes is the bomb-diggity yo!!
is enjoying the colorado weather before it rains    again  lol 
is trying to remember how it was back in the day before she got her new phone    how did i go on without it? lol
"ew, rain   "
is learning to appreciate her freaky medusa hair   
is a wee bit bummed with the <propmale> potter movie    cliff-hanger anyone?
"thought warped was amazing on saturday (if you don't count the stupid rain)!! loved madina lake, 3oh!3, forever the sickest kids, all time low, and the gallows!"
can't believe that there is only another week before going back to <propfemale>   
thought inglorious basterds was an awesomely good movie in a messed up kind of way   
"is road tripping it back to <propfemale> tomorrow  i'm going to miss all my peeps!! alas, summer has come to an end   "
<propfemale>!
is bracing herself for school to start next week    bring it on!
"thought the hypnotist was amazing!! \are you an athlete?\"" \""no i go to scad   \"" lol  the best comeback ever """
is not really appreciating the mosquitoes attacking her   
aced the graphic design quiz! yesssssss 
thinks that a river may be forming in front of her house from all the rain    lol
has to go to the computer lab  nnooooooo!
totally finished her design project early    i don't know what to do with myself  this never happens   
it's so pretty outside! there's an actual breeze  holy crap!!!! lol 
decided that dying in a watery spinning vortex filled with evil aliens would be a pretty badass way to go  that's what i get for watching war of the worlds   
it's totally raining outside    not cool when you have to walk to your car  lol 
totally got her graphics class cancelled for tomorrow morning! who's sleeping in? i am!!!
totally just watched a squirrel slingshot video in business management class  what this has to do with business?     stay tuned   
"went on a <propfirst> redford and <propfirst> mcavoy hunt today since they're filming the conspirator in <propfemale>  epically failed, but i refuse to give up!!"
got to see the parentals this weekend and had a lot of fun  happy birthday daddio!!
bored  ughhhh   
just realized that the world series was last night and had no idea    good god what's wrong with me?
thought halloween was an epic fail this year and can't wait for thanksgiving and christmas!!!
bring it on intro to business    bring it on    
is getting anxious for the weekend already   
had a great time this weekend!!
thinks its entertaining to watch <propfemale> try and get the last word in all the time  i had no idea until now    lol
finals!!!!! oh god!!!
is done with her finals!!!!! at lasssttttttt!!!!!!!
finally got home at 5 smile 0 this morning and just spent the whole day sleeping  it was a good thanksgiving and i had a blast!!
is totally getting her christmas tree today!! wooo hooo!!
"it's a blizzard, it's a blizzard!! white christmas anyone? lol"
thinks that cheater's is the best show ever!! <propfirst> grecco is da bomb!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!! i really appreciate it and it definitely has been a great birthday 
had an awesome christmas and hopes everyone else did too!!
back in <propfemale> again!
the bird is the word!
"flapjack, chowder, and adventure time marathon with mj    happy new year to is!"
heard <propfirst>y <propfirst> on the radio this afternoon and suddenly realized it was <propfirst> wahlberg just by sound  <propfirst>y <propfirst> = <propfirst> wahlberg? what? totally missed that memo   
ewww math class  i don't wanna go! lol 
lazy saturday   
did nothing today    it was amazing!!
an entire class about fonts    good god   
it's the weekend  wooooooo!!!  smile 
is totally doing laundry and homework at the same time! go me  lol 
had a good laugh this evening after class  it was awesome!! lol 
loves that everyone is freaking out over the possible two inches of snow tonight  it's so entertaining!
crisis averted: scad id found!!!
"too many feathers in figure skating, just too many  the highlight of the night was probably the black and pink corset outfit  i mean really?"
<propfirst> white rocks my world 
is excited for usa but thinks plushenko deserved the gold  but weir was amazing!! loved the outfit!!
had an exciting friday  fell off a horse and got to trail ride after (without falling off this time)  woo-hoo!! lol 
my math class totally got cancelled! yay for sleeping in!!
on <propfemale> four of eight for my paper    fml! lol 
"is done with her eight pages just in time to hand it in at five  wooo!! ok enough with this paper crap, i go to <propmale> school  come on   "
it's finals week!! can't you just smell the sleep deprivation???
is done! oh god    *falls over*
alas my time back home is caput  time to head back to <propfemale>   
survived the eight hours of o'hare airport hell   
eww monday    lol 
it's beutiful outside! why must i have projects? why?! lol
happy easter!
it was 87 today  hellllooooo spring time   
it's so nice out! i love this weather 
mariocart!!
wants ihop!!! lol
"bowled a 97 tonight  for me, i'm pretty sure that's a record!"
whisper *she really wasn't pregnant!* whisper
save the fire!!!
"got a manicure with <propfemale> kidman, <propmale> urban, and sunday <propfemale>  it was pretty awesome   "
class got canceled! my day has been made 
so much to do  so little time!!!
the woman on the plane next to me was reading enquirer magazine and then gave it to me afterwards    it was a good plane ride 
had a great lunch in san fracisco!
dinner with the whole family  party!!
back in chi-town for a night  got to see my bestie! and her bedazzled ass   
watched the kentucky derby and had a blast!!
running around forsyth at 8 in the morning? what?
poor cinco de mayo is being ignored this year   
old school mighty morphing power rangers just made my day 
happy mother's day mommy!! love ya!!!
wizards of ass!!!
weekend! now sleepy time   
the secret is not to go for the pretty ones  stand next to the homely one on the left!
yay weekend!! just in time to do more work   
"screw actually working on my finals, i'm watching you've got mail at one in the morning     smile "
is having freshmen year flashbacks from being in dyson lab  it's not a good thing 
hey!! there was a stow away on the plane with my mom      my aunt!!!
is done with marketing bitches!!! only one more class to go   
it's summer vacay bitches!! now for three months on nothingness   
nothing like american psycho to top off the night   
feed me a stray cat
"hello rain, where'd you come from?"
mtv movie awards were awesome! loved <propmale> cruise!! but could <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> pattinson get anymore awkward? jeez!
a-team was awesome!!!
got her warped 2010 compilation cd today!
"<propfemale> defined by the urban dictionary annoyed unapproachable  powerful  extremely successful  assertive  sassy  a bad \ass mother fucker  sweet "
"stop running, puppies  i don't want a puppy tornado! whizzing 'round , with all these legs flapping  mess "
love toy story 3 and thought it was super cute!!
finally got her car cleaned!! it smells like strawberries   
recently got around to watching remember me and found it highly depressing  definitely wasn't prepared for it   
gets to pick up her bestie at the jacksonville airport tomorrow night!!! so excited!!!!!
hey ya everyone!!!!
happy fourth of julyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
is back home in illinois!!!
"shhhh, ya hear that? that's the sound of forgiveness    no that's what forgiveness sounds like  screaming and then silence "
inception was amazing!! unfortunately i'm going to have to see it about four more times to completely understand the plot 
it's fuzzy!!!!!
warped tour on saturday!!!!!!
you better check yourself before you wreck yourself 
"had an amazing warped tour!! we the kings, am taxi, the cab, and reel big fish were amazing!!!"
kicking it old school and playing my old <propmale> potter games  why was this so much harder as a kid?
"three tomatoes are walking down the street; a mama tomato, daddy tomato, and a baby tomato  baby tomato starts to lag behind and daddy tomato gets angry  he squishes him and says \come on ketchup \"""""
it's official  seven pounds with will smith is the most depressing movie ever 
"\why can't i have birthday pie instead of birthday cake? i want birthday pie  much nicer  a big fuck-off pie \"" -sleep talkin' man is right!!"""
"as <propfirst> <propmale> would say \a woman throws a harpoon in ya and ya go where she pulls \"""""
bowled a 126 last night    no joke    a 126   
is lame because she can't think of anything to update her status with   
is back in <propfemale>!
went job huntin' today  now classes start tomorrow    helllloooooo fall quarter!
"it's only been one day for each class, but all of my professors seem pretty awesome   "
took a personality test in psych yesterday that was eerily on target    i guess that's why it's a personality test   
had an awesome time playing rock band last night!
almost had a heart attack when she bought a new computer charger and thought it didn't work  its all good now  my computer    it lives!!!
crack is wack
it's so nice outside today!! i love it!!!
made herself breakfast at 6 this morning  apocalypse? i'll keep you posted   
family guy spoofed the clue movie! my night has been made 
my world has been thoroughly rocked  and not in a good way 
"you know, it really isn't a movie unless there's a magic indian man involved "
screw you stairs  screw  you 
"my history test isn't until next thursday!! since i thought it was tomorrow, this is good news "
it's so nice outside today! i love fall!
jackass 3d = hilarious insanity
"\i'm so confused right now \"" \""i know!\"""""
<propmale> history reached a whole new level this evening  thank you surrealism   
always hates her fricking registration time 
count chocula 
i've come to the conclusion that the syfy channel is like lifetime on steroids 
got a freaking a on her history midterm bitches!!!!!!
is contemplating just moving in to the library for the next two weeks  they have couches there right?    
abercorn why are you closed?? gah!!
<propmale> potter marathon!!
it looks like <propfemale> vomited all over michaels and we haven't even hit thanksgiving yet 
best  night  ever 
what is absinthe made out of? unicorn tears 
epic battle to get home!!!!! but i made it!!  smile 
happy turkey day!!
learned a lot from watching the clinic today  the highlights: <propfirst> <propmale> calling me rude and almost getting trampled 
cod with steph was fun!!!
christmas tree time!!!
the mizer brothers are on! christmas can officially begin 
"oh miley <propmale>    you can't see me, but i'm shaking my head  lol "
bowled a 79  suck it!!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!!! it has been an awesome 21st birthday!!
dancing to the spice girls  i'm officially 21 now 
a great birthday ended with an amazing lunar eclipse  smile 
"\fra-jil-lay  it must be italian or something \""\",1f88e780472ded8a1e105d40bf076696,<propfemale> christmas!!!
the black swan and true grit were amazing!!!! go and see them!!
tron was amazing!!!!!!!!!!
back in <propfemale>!!
bring it on scad    bring  it  on 
