7db6cc4379deef436bbce5ca95e91385
has to go to the doctor in richmond at 8 smile 0 tomorrow morning     
*urk!*
doesnt know if hes coming or going
"is leaving for new york friday evening or saturday morning, one of the two "
will see everybody in three weeks 
"is back from new york, but sorta wishes he wasnt"
is filled with a myriad of feelings
yarrr
is stoked for freakersball tomorrow
"let's fuck the world and all it's trend, they say it's all about to end"
is feelig very confused   but hows that any diferent than usual?
is trying to adjust to his new glasses
"the body is present, but the mind is here and unpleasant about it"
"life, <propfemale>, and the pursuit of wierdness!!"
"i play russian-roullette everyday, a man's sport, with a bullet called \life\"" """
-violently e playful lodes-
"just finished eating at strouds, and it was awesome!"
got ambushed by his family yesterday
"got a new toy the other day, and he enjoys it very much"
"went to see avatar last night, an it kicked ass!"
shoveled a helluva lot of snow the past couple days
fears that more shoveling lies in his immediate future 
early happy new-year!
is really bored   
"is bored, bored, bored!"
"is on for a change, not that he really has much to say "
"in the end , we're all just chalk lines on the sidewalk, drawn only to be washed away "
just found out that the guy <propfemale> banning waswith shot her and her parents tonight 
wishes he could get over this damn head cold   
"got to see brit and <propfirst> today, which was pretty cool, i missed those guys "
i love it when it rains  everything smells so much better afterwards 
needs more sparklers and electrical tape   
i'm going to see rush in concert tonight!
"just got back from the concert, and it was the best rock concert i've ever been to "
had an awesome weekend
may be buying a threewheeler sometime soon
"went to see predators last night  it didn't disapoint me, but it didn't wow me either   "
fuck snakehead fish 
"i promise it'll get easier  soon, you'll be able to lie and feel nothing at all "
"i've been told, by more than one person, that perhaps i should start drinking "
why does it always have to be such a pain in the ass to fix a car?
"i must have made quite the impression on my friends back in okie, cuz they all seem to remember me quite well after 6 years "
my car is nearly complete!!!
got a shit-ton of tomatoes from <propfemale> today 
i need a drink 
"sometimes, i want to slap the shit out of the customers "
in a shitty mood for no discernible reason 
i really hate how ignorant so many americans are 
3 year old gasoline + raw skin = severe pain   sad 
really drunk people are hilarious 
"i am sick and tired of seeing girls post shit like this as a status - \there's always truth behind \""just kidding\"""," knowledge behind \""i dont \"7db6cc4379deef436bbce5ca95e91385,to despise ones own motivations is a vulgar thing 
i think the guy running the drive-thru at bk last night was drunk   
<yawn>
the marketing people for xbox need a fucking brick to the head
had an awesome time at the gunshow  did get a bit of a scare when some dumbass accidentally set a round off 
"went to my friends wedding the other day, had a great time "
extreme boredom is kicking my ass 
"\i've got balls of steel!\"""""
i hate working with high school kids 
"you're too serious, gonna make me delirious, you're too serious for me "
"been watching boardwalk empire on hbo lately, and, i gotta say, it's pretty fucking awesome "
i feel old 
"adventure time and regular show are officially the least child-appropriate shows on cn before adult swim starts, and that's just awesome "
sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name!
finally got my c&r license! woot!
agnry finland for the win!
"no, drink the bleach!"
when is enough really enough?
my little brother kicked some douchebag's ass today  i'm so proud 
wants shoot his fucking xbox 360 
<propfirst> baysplosions!!!!!
sick as a dog the last two days    it sucked balls
my dachshund does not like that motorized pet nail trimmer thing at all 
whatever asshole is in charge of the xbox website needs to get kicked in the fucking throat 
"where there's a will, there's a way   and a motive "
saw a couple of jack-asses who managed to get their car stuck on a concrete median today  hilarious   laugh 
for great justice!!!
"i am so sick of skinny bitches whining about needing to lose weight  you're five foot three, and you're only 113 pounds, you don't need to lose anymore goddamn weight "
gregori rasputin is my fucking hero 
why is it that the man who is supposed to make my road smoother always seems to fuck it up worse?
"and when the alcohol happened, i felt whole "
finally got the jeep up and running 
another day in this carnival of souls   
"holy shit, just found out system of a down is going on tour this year!"
"<propmale> k  <propmale> was an amazing, insane man "
goddammit 
got to see most of a whiskey tango throw-down at the gas station today  that shit is priceless 
