191294f03d4eee7ad156635d518e13a6
huskies rule again!!!
"getting ready 4 the gig 2nite    first one in a few months, should be kool   "
back home and getting ready for some football    go pats!!!!
feel like going to the pub n watch the game   wonder if i should drive or walk    hmmm
"well, i'm off to <propfemale> for christmas   i will b luvin life in a dead zone     "
happy new year!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrgggghhhhh!
im gonna have a good smoke and a glass of wine and forget about the #%$#%$ pats!!!
"just home from a gig, damn i'm beat    "
just watching the presidential addressss    
"waiting for 2 of the\four horsemen\"" to arrive   """
"just getting ready hibernate for a couple of days   i'm ready, bring the snow   "
"watching the super bowl, drinking and smoking a cigar; can't get much better   "
wow!  it's over   
mardi gras is gonna be insane!
more snow coming   i wonder if i will ever go back to work   
i have been cooped in my little apartment for 6 days now because of the g$%&^%mn snow!   i will need some respite soon if i don't want to end up pulling a will ferrell down the street 
back and re-energized   
back from dallas   cool place   
"two words \deadliest catch\"""""
hello tennessee
hello tennessee
enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon after a turbulent saturday    
happy mummy's day to all u muthers!
left the city   currently broadcasting from undisclosed location   happy memorial everyone!
"about to start serious multi-tasking; watching the us open and napping, may even add a beer in there somewhere to really push the envelope    "
last gig night of the year   need a new hobby!
off for the holiday!    hhmmm    don't even know how to enjoy time off   my luck i will probably over-do it   
enjoying vaca on the boat in ocean city   life's getting better   
having a beer at the navy pier   chicago   life is good!
megadeth is kicking my ass!  rust in peace everyone   ruuusst!
slayer is pounding my head in    what a nite    
shows were fun but it's over    back to the grind!
"watching pre-season, playing sum tunes   lg"
on my way to atlanta   
"tough day of golf, gonna have to take it easy tonite   "
finally home   long trip   
finally home from texas    long flight    my arms are tired    
after 12 days of work and a 12 hour friday    thanks be to god for the weekend!  can i get an amen?
it's fantasy football time    who should i play?
nice relaxed day   glass of wine      pipe?
ready for more hell's kitchen   
what a great day of football    
footbaaall!!!!
i'm not even a line cook but these have got to be the dumbest chef's i've seen   
last night at ocean city on the boat this season   
fish tailing 4 the last time this year   
well   enough football for tonight    
back from a weekend of golf   now for some football!
fringe is freaky    
watching grindhouse   awesum stuff   
watching house   cooking steak   waiting for the game   
this is the lowest cadre of line cooks ever in hell's kitchen   
happy v-day!
go uconn!!
woohoo! uconn wins!!!!
gooooo pats!!!
the beagle has landed   
ho ho ho!  happy thanksgiving to all    
go uconn!
bcs baby!
goooo pats!!
"train kept-a-rollin all nite long   pats train, that is    "
just had a surprise holiday message and call from my hs friends in pr   wow!  how i miss my peeps!   cheers everyone!
"football, bones and fringe on tv   decisions, decisions    "
gone for the holiday   merry christmas y'all!
hope everyone is having a <propfemale> christmas!
back to the grind!
hope everyone had a happy three <propmale>'s day!
another day of mindful dribble    
goooooo huskies!
wow! black n blue conference championship     congrats pack n bears   
goooooo pats!
all uconn   all the time!
its official      go pack!
first gig since june   still kicking ass!
happy groundhog to all!  feels like i've been here before     feels like i've been here before     
snafu!
big east champs!  woohoo!
uconn!
final 4  baby!
i win another ncaa bracket      thanks for the dough!
back from <propmale>    
uconn!
