39c7acb3e37079eb7e434898fc5ae2f8
tomorrows gotta be a better day  smile 
listening to one of <propfirst> straits best - easy come easy go   anybody know the song?
i'm gonna try and be better  i just happened to be on here because i heard about that great video <propfemale> was telling me about   did you watch it?
"it is listed for $160,000 3bd 2ba 1662 sq ft built in 2004 "
just finished a great class at keller <propmale> on profit share 
it's getting ready to storm and my dogs are freakin out because they hate thunder  not sure what to do for them they have always been this way  it just makes for a rough night 
is this weekend the tax free shopping weekend for back to school clothes? i haven't heard anything about yet 
well i guess i'm helping with the keller <propmale> golf tournament   if anyone is interested in playing let me know and i will get you the details 
hey all you agents out there that are learning facebook we are having a facebook training class here at the midwest city office tomorrow starting at 11 if any of you are interested just let me know 
ok i'm wiped out now  it has been a long day    
ok i need to get some work done 
finally getting ready to leave the office  tomorrow is going to be a long day of showing houses  i wish it was going to be cooler 
what a long day  had lunch with mom and she gave me some really bad news  not sure why she would tell me in a public place because i was very upset about it  i will just have to pray about the whole thing 
yeah i'm going to get an offer signed on my property with 10 acres this afternoon 
i capped yesterday! yeah!!! in case some of you don't know what that means at keller <propmale> when you reach 2 million in sales your on 100% commission!!!  it's the bomb!!!!
why don't realtors look at the showing instructions? i look at them to be sure i am calling the office or whomever i just don't get it!
enjoyed spnding time with the family today   we went to the water park and had a picnic 
woo hoo i got a counter offer accepted! now i can start packing for mega camp 
i'm very frustrated with people stealing my real estate signs  why?  why? why?
anyone interested in making a change or maybe you would like to get into real estate take a look at this http annoyed  www youdrivethesuccess com  
finally able to play catch up today  i'm so relieved now to start again tomorrow 
"has anyone heard about the change to the first time home buyers credit? i heard that it was going to be reduced $2,000 every quarter until the end of the year? is this true?"
help realtors! i am looking for a buyers specialist - i am in the midwest city area so if you know anyone that might be interested please send me an email  they need to have an ok real estate license but i will train  my email address is lcrouch@hughes net 
"<propfirst>, tx (december 21, 2009) — keller <propmale> realty joined the ranks of the top franchises in the world last week, when the company was ranked as the no  1 real estate franchise on the 31st annual franchise 500 list by entrepreneur magazine  during the same week, the company was also voted the most recognizable brand of real estate franchises for 2009 in an industry-wide survey for the swanepoel trends report "
help realtors! i am looking for a buyers specialist - i am in the midwest city area so if you know anyone that might be interested please send me an email  they need to have an ok real estate license but i will train  my email address is lcrouch@hughes net 
ok went to show a home this morning and my buyer stood me up  grrrr
boy i need to just go home   i just went to my listing appt and the seller forgot he had another appt and left a note on the door to call him to re schedule 
finally something good an accepted contract  yeah!
no school for the kiddos tomorrow  yeah
looking for a buyer specialist if anyone knows someone with a ok real estate license?
i need a girls night out!  i feel like all i do is work 
i am looking to hire someone with an oklahoma real estate license   if you know anyone let me know 
boy i really dread getting my daughters clothes ready for the consignment sale  it sure is a lot of work but i do make some money on it  just not too motivated smile  i'm gonna try the jbf sale this year anyone else tried it?
man i'm ready for this consignment sale to be over all ready and it hasn't even started yet   i'm so tired of pricing stuff   i hope it's worth it 
i am looking for a part time real estate assistant 25-30 hrs a week   if you know of anyone email or give me a call   thanks
i'm ready for this day to end it's been horrible!!! i just want to go to bed and wake up to a new brighter day!
today is a much better day   it's amazing how different a day can be 
thanks i'm gonna try   lots to do! hope you get to feeling better!
i need a fence guy  anyone know of someone that has reasonable prices for a wood privacy fence?
just ordered tickets online to see shrek in 3d with my little baby this weekend 
is getting ready to go show houses 
is anyone in need of a piano? if you come get it and load it  it is yours!
does anyone have any advice on putting together a trampoline? should i just pay sometome to do it for me?  if so who?
does anyone know of someone for hire to put together a trampoline?
someone please tell me why marriage is great????
good bye haters
getting ready for a listing appointment tomorrow   i hope all goes well 
workin on the 4th   just finished writing an offer 
whitewater 4 hrs - 3rd degree burns on scalp 2 days and counting 
had a great lunch with all the realtors at keller <propmale> realty - midwest city
new lesson learned today - builders don't care if you have been working with buyers or not (even if your clients tell them about you) they will write the offer and not think twice about cutting you out  what goes around comes around!
the keller <propmale> office in midwest city is getting a new roof and the pounding is giving me a headache!
if anyone knows of someone needing a job i have a client in construction that needs some help  send me a message 
ready to start the day showing houses!  it's going to be a great one 
my baby's first day of school - sooo sad! i feel for all the mothers out there 
what a great night to see jupiter  <propfemale> loved it-you won't be able to see it this good again until 2022 
been down a week and a half and i am really ready to get back to work 
just had lunch with my bff <propfemale> she's the greatest!
we had a great cookout at the keller <propmale> in midwest city   pictures will be coming tomorrow  my camera was left at the office 
hoping today is a great day!!
hangin out with the kiddos at the roller skating rink  the limbo is cracking me up!
just had a great lunch with my midwest city crew for my birthday!  thanks guys!! your great!
remington park for my birthday was great! i pretty much broke even so that's always good
"midwest city - keller <propmale> is having their thanksgiving dinner tomorrow- yum, yum!  everyone is invited - just bring a side dish or dessert!!  we would love to have you  smile   11 to ??"
keller <propmale> midwest city just had an awesome thanksgiving dinner   it was so nice to see everyone!
went to see megamind with my daughter <propfemale> last night and we had a blast! the music to the movie was really good it made you want to dance when you came out! everyone should take their kids!
everyone watchout for deer! i just had one cross in front of me after i dropped my daughter off at school 
does anyone have any ideas for a closing gift for a guy? this one always stumps me 
congratulations to <propfirst> marsh on purchasing his new home today!
does anyone know where to get a cool advent calendar for kids?
keller <propmale> green meadow is having their annual door decorating contest-stay tuned for great pics 
can't believe it is actually snowing!
just posted a pic of my new hair color   what do you think?
had a great time playing dirty <propfemale> at the mwc christmas party!
congratulations to justus bosquez! he just closed on his new house-merry christmas!!
congratulations <propfemale> radke on your new home! have a great christmas!
ok facebook friends please let me know if you know of anyone that would make a great real estate assistant   i am looking for someone fulltime in the midwest city area 
"wow, i just found out that i have been named one of oklahoma's five <propfemale> real estate agents for 2011! thanks to all my wonderful clients!"
just finished posting my ad for a real estate assistant   let me know if anyone knows of someone looking   i will also be looking for a buyers agent in the next few months 
my baby is sick  getting ready to take her to the doctor  i hope she doesn't have the flu  there were 9 other kids in her class out today 
well i thought i was gonna be able to get some stuff done while i was home with a sick child but she was not having it  i think i heard momma every 5 minutes 
my little girl is sick again   taking her to the doctor this morning   i hope she doesn't have strep again 
why do some people on fb feel the need to share their negative feelings?  it only makes them look bad in the end and brings to light their true personality 
do any realtors out there have a copy or an example of a confidentality agreement and a non compete clause they could send me? if so please send to me at lindacrouch@kw com
me and <propfemale> just made a batch of brownies! yum  smile 
off to start showing houses! it's going to be a great day!
went to see <propmale> ramsey live today and it was awesome!!!!
ready to call it a day!
headed to keller <propmale> realty awards ceremony!!
congratulations to all the keller <propmale> realty award winners!!
is there a fire in choctaw?
my daughters daycare has been evacuated
keller williams ideal homes 2nd annual education summit was great!
i am swamped today how is everyone else?
waiting on a pre approval with a contract in my hand- ready to go!
"happy mothers day! to all the wonderful \mothers out there!"
thanks to oca for a great lunch yesterday!
"woo hoo, guess who just capped at keller wiliams mwc"
not a great day to take pictures of any houses!
getting ready to go to the thunder game! woo hoo!
congratulations to the carpenters on their new home purchase! we had a great closing at oca in midwest city with davonna from first united bank 
hey does anyone know someone that has a real estate license that would be interested in becoming a buyer specialist in midwest city okc area?
worn out! i just need to give it up for the night and go to bed 
busy real estate team needs an assistant  if anyone knows someone let me know 
"brokers open today at 4801 old school house rd, choctaw from 11 smile 0 till 1 surprise 0   great food, prizes and company! (quail <propfirst> addition - 44th & choctaw rd)"
"wow, just heard about some controversy about planking  what the heck?"
just found out that i won one of the drawings at the rivendell brokers open today   thanks to <propfemale> from first mortgage co 
just heard that our okc mls is getting rid of the early payment discount and nar dues are going up!
so many things to do!  trying to tell myself to focus!
"boy, family is crazy is all i can say- well maybe dysfunctional is a better word!"
looking for a really good painter for the choctaw area  if u know of anyone please send me their info 
bond money still available  get into a house for as little as $500 down  give me a call at 405-694-5811 
headed to the new outlet mall 
hey does anyone know of a keller <propmale> agent that has some sign for sale?  i need some!  help
"ok everyone needs to \like\"" our new keller <propmale> midwest city <propfemale> """
anyone looking for a house and 5 acres in choctaw?  it also has a shop 
does anyone have any keller <propmale> signs for sale?  i need to buy some 
"don't forget to come by my open house tomorrow    9 10 11 from 2-4 pm, 1799 moran road in choctaw "
"price reduction on 4313 <propfemale> ridge drive in moore   mls # 466286   $162,500"
headed to kw mega agent camp in <propfirst>!
