e22cd3cd9a4e2f788f9699f85d750570
just got a facebook lol   whats up guys?  smile 
damn  i like just made this thing an hour ago or some shit like that and ive already got a shit load of friends   they werent joking when they said everyone has facebook lmao   well guess i can be one of those people now   well nite facebook world  smile 
look my celebrity look a like  smile 
im soooo tired   but leadership fieldtrip!! to highline   so far  lol
&& today i have 60 days!!!  smile  yayyyyy  smile 
im soooo tired   just woke up from a nap after the jostens leadership conference   now on my way to go out to dinner with the famm to celebrate my 60 days  then a meeting  smile 
i hate being sick  sad  gettin ready to go tanning tho  smile ) i straight love that!
hey people on facebook  you should comment my celeb pics   its crazy but i frekkin look like <propfemale> <propmale>!! is that a good thing or a bad thing lol ?? i dont know   lol
just got home from the doctors   im sicky sick with the common cold! couldn't have guessed myself!
what the hell are people wearing to tolo!!?? somebody bless me with some ideas please!
stayed home sick today from skool  sad  butt im goin to a meetin later and goin shopping for tolo lol   man fuck school 
i need to get senior pictures done!
well bout to hop my ass into the shower  got a meeting to go to and then shoppin for tolo with the boy toy  smile   smile 
people   you need to treat every person you meet with respect and dignity because everyone deserves that  if they didnt they wouldnt be on this planet   you have no idea some of the things people have gone through in their life and its not your job to point those out and make them feel bad   so for today  meet someone new and love people for who they are not what they are     smile 
what is upp   tgif  ive got noon meeting  then 6th period pe  then workk at showare  smile  then midnight meeting!
work today @ my photography  smile  8 smile 0-6 smile 0 thennn sweethearts dance  smile  bout to crack!! only $5 to get in  thenns it <propfirst>s day!! && ive got a <propfirst>  smile 
im <propfemale> sick of work right now  sad  ughhh  i want to leave
just got home from a meeting  && shopping at <propfemale> secret  always gotta stay fitted  smile  you already know  wink 
wells about time for me to leave and go to continuing care  smile  yay to sobriety  smile 
ill take you to the candyshop  ill let you spend all you got  thats right boy dont you stop  your just jealous cause <propfemale>'s hot  smile 
hi  smile 
at work work work   workin both jobs today dont get off till eleven  smile 
hey  hi  hello whats good yo  smile 
im the girl your ex will hate  the girl your mom will love  and the girl youll want to be with forever   lovin life with my boo  smile 
good morning world!  smile 
just got to work  from a looooong nite   lol partied it up forr sure  smile  clean tho!! you dont need alcohol to have fun!!
why can someone make you feel so good  but at the same time make you feel so bad  i hate being locked up by my thoughts   im going so crazy over this situation i cant even think straight   am i worth it ? or not? i dont know if ill ever know
another day in the life of <propfemale>  smile  go ahead  be jealoussss
last nite was fun  smile  people make me so happy  && im beyond grateful for being 91 days clean  smile  and if you don't know what that means then your not cool 
its easy to get high  its hard to stay clean   93  days  smile for with god nothing is impossible
theres an ish load of ocean shores pics  its just this dang facebok picture uploader is not working  sad  so i will continue laters
"at work  9-6p, then babysitting overnight with my main squeeze"
at work  cant wait to get off  smile  its frekin <propfemale> outside! and i wanna see my buttface  smile 
i just quit my job of 2 & 1 2 years! my photography job    i believe in my higher power to guide me where i need to go     annoyed 
did pe makeup finally lol
camp thunderbird here i come! cabin b-2 councelor  smile 
just got back from camp!! super drained   but it was a blast! lost my voice and all  smile 
nite yall!
126 days clean 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed  butt i can start my day over whenever i want  so as of right now  i just woke up smile  its too <propfemale> to be mad  so im lovin life 
time for a new car bra!!!  smile  its ammmmmazzzing  im a ridda  smile  all black 18'chrome rims 99 acrua   fitted 
131 days cleannnn!!! midnight meeting 1yr birthday! bring your favorite midnight snack! be there or be square!  smile 
gettin ready for skool  yeahhhhhh  141 days clean manggg 
i am so glad god gave me a family thats arms reach around the world!  i love all in my family smile  na is the only way for me today 
ill have 5 months on cinco de mayo!! what a celebration!! smile 
i love doodle bug a k a morganito a k a deranged and underage smile  shes straight all them things right there  im so proud of your 18 months!! and 16 yrs old clean! amazing!
i love my little <propfemale>  for those of you that dont know  its my carrrr smile 
na is my life!
i luvvvv my sponsa mama! and all my big sistahs! smile 
gonna finish tagging pictures later  got family dinner at red <propfirst>  then senior award night! mann cant believe im getting an award lmao! anywaysss  yupp 
sometimes i wish i still had blonde hair  sad  <propfemale> needs to do my hair!!
"what should my female rapper name be?? lol i need guidance here  \\i like <propfemale> "
for those of you wondering what my little <propfemale> was  now you can see  shes a beauty  (my car lol)
helllo world!! supp smile 
mi amor es mi papi smile  didi
ughhhh 
"its hard to watch things change when all you want is for them to stay the same  its crazy when you want to let go, but you keep holding on, you want to move on, but your stuck  when you have things to say, but you don't know where to start  when you want them in your life so bad, but you can only push them away  its so hard to think back how things used to be and look at it now and realize that things are different "
getting ready to head to seattle for a storm game!! its been forever since i seen one of those  && thanks to the people in my life yesterday was amazinggg!! yay to 6 months clean!! smile  & pie of course!
you can call me <propfemale> skittles 
its fucking graduation time!!!!!!!!!!!! no more high school!! smile 
sometimes facebook irritates the hell out of me  uploaded some pictures from graduation  there are still a few more but facebook doesnt want to work with me right now  so they will have to wait!!
whos lookin for a full time job?? working for verizon??? talk to me!! you just have to be able to type at least 25wpm and pass a drug test!!  hit me up people!! lets make some money! smile 
i gottt a tatttoooo smile  serenity braaa!
i start my job tuesday!!  smile  yay for future hahaha!
hey facebook  im still alive  smile 
"living drug free is my ambition its getting dirty so im cleaning out the kitchen no ones getting in my way, they cant stomp my mission this disease of addiction aint nothin but a condition ive got the intuition so im stickin the key in the ignition drugs arent a way of life there just an addition so stand up with me no longer are we wishin smile "
just took the car to the shop  bout to be brand new ish! smile  && the jobs kooo  smile  i love the working life 
"you may not think that the world needs you, but it does  for you are unique, like no one that has ever been before or will come after  no one can speak with your smile or shine with your light  no one can take your place, for it is yours alone to fill  if you are not there to shine your light who knows how many travelors will lose their way as they try to pass by your empty place in the darkness "
i love you vernalisa 
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there!! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  paste this as your status  i'll be watching to see who really is  i cheri   sh family &friendships  thank you for being a part of my life!"
im doing professtional pictures  so anoyone who needs some seriously good photography at a decent price  you come to me! smile 
it time to sit back and really do me  its time to work fulltime  go to school and keep up on my shitt  and nothings gonna get in my way  someday i wanna be somebody and that someday starts today 
sometimes i sit back  and find myself asking why i have so many friends on facebook 
hold your head up gorgeous   cause there are people that would kill to see you fall 
i love my hubby smile  d s 
sometimes i just sit back and wish i was 5 again where all that mattered was playing outside and playing with toys  i wishhh    
the names queendinosaur  come see me on that cod  got to round 11 just me with zombies  me&jickjohnson are trying to get to round 15 
haha  cod 
i dont want snoowwww  sad  lol but i guess its time to whip out the annihalator <propfirst>! its the <propfirst> i just bought for $300 to drive in the winter   i need help giving it a name   my car is little <propfemale>   but this <propfirst>   this <propfirst> is hunky   its mysterious   and its blue   give me some ideas people of facebook  i need ideas
got the <propfirst> all hooked up  you can call it iceberg | burr |
lils bros birthday is around the corner  yay 
aaahhh  hahaha  the only birthday that really matters is you know whoss  which is right around the corner  20 days till im 19! hope everyone leaves love on the page!! smile 
today is the day   thank you everyone who has given me birthday love on my <propfemale>!! we all have been friends at a one point in this life were livin and look were all still connected through facebook! thanks everyone i appreciate it smile  loveee yall! 19!!! yay smile 
off to the troll in seattle smile  its time for adventure!
just got the druid two global  i think i just burnt a hole in my own pocket  surprise 
i love the way you make me feel smile 
i think im getting sick  sad  ohh well  at least i have a boy to keep me warm 
"time to go to sleep and wake up tomorrow yet again and do the same thing all over again  \whose ready for a vacation? i am "
i love him 
i think im bi-polar  why did i wake up on time  get to work on time for once in my life  & be in a great fucking mood  and now im depressed  for no reason  wtf
sometimes life sucks  i wish nobody had to take anti-depressants    
my bestie is coming from newyork!!! i can't fucking wait! i miss you ashhh! smile 
we have reason to believe that man first walked up right to free his hands from masturbation 
just sleeping in with my man smile 
facebook website officially shuts down march 15th  guess people have to finally make real friends   damn 
fuck this recession!
catch a falling <propfemale> and put it in your pocket      smile 
my bestfriend comes tomorrow!!!!!  smile  yayyyy! got the day off && got an interview at bigfoot java smile 
just had my interview  smile  i get the call back tomorrow!
i got the job! smile  big foot java here i come 
i loveeeee himmmm smile  la  la la smile  gotta love saturday nights
happy ground hog day everyone!!!  smile  hope we get an early summer!
i love my new job smile  im addicted to coffee  damn seattle
"watchin friday before work smile  cause hey, its friday! and what way to start the day lol "
just got home from leavenworth  talk about a drive! <propfemale> k god i had my man to keep me awake smile  off to work in an hour  come by bigfoot want some coffffeee smile 
i keep having these crazy dreams that seem so real  and they always have the same people   does this mean something??  i miss my sponser so much  but at the same time i feel like something is holding me back  i feel stupid for the decisions i have made and i kinda feel like theres no way to go back   
going back to sleep until work tonight  graveyard shift  10-4am  gotta love it 
is it 4am yet  im ready to get off
im bored    someone come and get coffee from me  bigfoot java  200th and military smile  next to shell right off the freeway
back at work  who's ready for some coffee! smile  big foot java style? come get some!lol
somebody bring me cigarettes!! ill pay you  i need a  newport  sad 
washington weather is solo bipolar! really snow right now! and for like 5 <propfemale> wtf
god i love tips!
i get to go see her again smile  thankyou god
over at vls playing dj hero smile  havin another great night
is it 4am yet? im ready to get off work   
video games ruined my life  luckily i have two more lives! lol
tell me why im still hiding and my dad left the house like ten <propfemale> ago  is this ever gonna stop
im so bored at work   someone come get coffee! big foot java smile  ill make you a milk shake  yummmm  lol
the law of attraction is the secret  focus on what you want and you will attract positive people and things you want 
i love my family  i am so thankful for everything and everyone i have in my life  if you never think negative how can you have a bad day?  smile 
todays my one year anniversary with the boy that stole my heart the minute i met him smile  its gonna be a good day
i wish everyday was our one year smile  i had such a great night 
on my way to see me hubby smile 
saw two dogs loose on the street  one almost got hit by a car going like 50mph! so i got out of my car and ran the dogs and walked them back to the owners  smile  i didnt even think twice  good deed for the day smile  i hope if that happened to my dogs someone would do the same 
what a great night smile  with everything going on in the world  it makes me that much more thankful for all i have
i love when girls with little boobs wear the e playful ensive pushup bras or stuff there shit to look bigger  mann that shit cracks me up!
if a boy doesn't like the way you look naturally then fuck him!
getting ready to watch the uw game at ravis smile  let's go huskies  smile 
getting ready for work  kinda tired sad  guess ill have to drink some coffee! smile 
money on the mind  hustling all the time  all about the paper cause a youngin on her grind! smile  ayyyyee
woke up feeling like shitt  fattest migrane i've had in a while  sad  and i have work at 4  and probably nobody's gonna text me back to work for me  fml
i love how people can call and text you when they need something  but the minute you finally need something nobody answers the phone! this is making my headhurt
don't worry  when the aliens come were all gonna die anyways
work work work  who's ready for coffee smile  ??
bored bored and more bored  when does life get exciting? 21?
i hate the dmv  especially on a <propfemale> day 
sleeping in with my hubby smile  good morning so far 
kicking it at vics  smile  bday bbq  then off to work smile 
i love my bestir <propfemale> morrow smile  the only girl up at this time  where its 2 hours ahead in her state  and will stay up to talk to me at work smile ))))
"people, life& love mean way more to me then some green paper shitt "
oh my godd! my stomach hurts soooo bad! sad  why can't i sleep sad (
im just going through my friends list and for most of them just thinking   who are these people
goddamn crackheads  they never sleep!
at work  ready to be off  is it 4am yet? then i have to be back at noon  who's ready for sunday to be over? i am
just woke up  time for work till 10pm  let's get this day goinnnn
my feet hurt sad  im ready to be off lol
goodmorning smile  time to get new tabs  hit the mechanic& &fill herrrr up smile 
i love my boyfriend smile  why would there <propmale> be any other boy on my mind  no one else is worth the time! smile 
at workk  who needs coffee smile ) bigfoot java  yummmm smile 
"just woke up im too tired for work,"
