db9eaf27a21f588120e23d682a7f358a
hello everyone i'mrequestingprayersfor my granddaughter she'shaving a kidney removed this coming tues   thanks!
"man, i mssed up on spacing in last message   i'll try again   i'm asking for prayers for my 14yr  old grd daughter  she's having a kidney removed tues   thank you all in advance   god bless "
everything went well with my granddaughters surgery  bless her heart   she'll be 15yrs  old next month   i want to thank everyone for your thoughts and prayers 
what the heck is farmville?
"hey everybody,  i'm having some serious gut surgery the 23rd (tomorrow)   i would appreciate your prayers   thanks!!!"
i madeithome today   still very sore   morelater 
"well friends, i'm back home from the hosp  again    i had to go back   i fell and split my head open   went back to hosp  and incision was abscessed and bloodwork a mess   so i had to go back to icu for a few days   i'm reaaly weak   i sure am tired of 'the knife e playful erience'  i want to thank everyone for ur thoughts and prayers "
"well, i just got word from my nursing service   they contacted my surgeon's office and i have to go to the er(again)   i'll be suprised if they send me home  so if u don't hear from me later today, i'm at osu medical center   any prayers will be appreciated"
"they sent me home from er the other day w  antibiotics  missed my appt  w  the surg  today due to mixup w  lift prog(ggrrr) have to wait til next thurs  temp  is better  nrsg  serv  to be here tody  so, i'll jus' keep stuffin' da holes in my belly  the er said the ct was fine  so i don't know what's up "
does anyone know whatever became of <propfemale> coop?  she married <propmale> kight after high school  i sure would like to find her 
i don't knw why this who has looked thing is on my <propfemale> from 3 hrs  ago   i was asleep  i did the other one and it wouldn't work right all i got was add for playing poker 
how do one get rid of this 'who has looked' app ?  i've only clicked on it twice   each time it doesn't ever go to the app  help?!
here's the latest   didn't have to have a screw put in my foot for the broken bone  just gotta wear a weird shoe for 8 wks  to see if it will heal that way   i'm having abdominal surgery (again) oct  29th  the surg  i had 6 23 never has healed properly  i would appreciate prayers and positive thoughts  thanks!
fyi for anyone that gives a rats ass   had my gut surg  10 29  they put on a wound vac  don't know how long i'll have to wear it then they'll close-up the incision  for anyone that had me in their thoughts and prayers  thank-you  i appreciate it 
hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving!  god bless to all 
"n't even like football  but, what a game!! take that< nebraska!!!!!!!!!"
happy <propfirst>'s day to all!
happy <propfirst>'s day to all !
"a former classmate of mine (<propfemale> <propmale> wooten) reminded us that this coming week is grandchildren's week  they hold your hand for a little while-but hold your heart forever  so well said  god has blessed me w  7 grandchildren-gabrielle, <propfemale>, shelbey, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, brogan and <propfirst>  all born in that order "
