8a7895c65a6a287a070c03bed47d7522
chrisa is a crazyyy girl!!!!!!! @chrisa
and to everybody who asks me       yes i just want to be friends rite now but i did rly love chrisa  but it was just too much fighting and it had to stop  and i just wanna take a break and be single rite now  id rly like to try it again wit her some time       but idk if she would let me  so im sry 
you may not be able to tell but i rebroke my tooth in ohio eating pizza and i had to miss skool today to have it fixed
broke up with chrisa  no questions plz  im not gonna answer them anyways 
boreddd
who told everybody to write on my wall?
should i go to vpac or lake <propfirst>?
woohoo!!! i got mvp again!!! 2 years in a row!!!
guess who just saved a baby rabbit! jesus!!!
"phones busted, cant txt, life couldnt be better haha  smile "
"got my phone workin finally, couldnt get an upgrade tho  annoyed  oh well haha life isnt perfect"
"phones dead, don't txt me plzzz i forgot to take my charger with me again"
"bakk from the beach got tryouts tomorrow, cant wait to run haha"
"just got bak from ohio, yea thats rite, i was there delorge  i win! now go kiss lil shermak!"
who knows me best?   my full name? age? birthday? worst fear? eyecolor? bestfriend? and nickname? copy this as your status and see who knows you best
"ok, braden, liam, <propmale>, <propfemale>, em, you can all come over  thats all i have to say hahah you ppl make me wanna go kick a baby"
"the one time where i go to a football game to just have funn, every girl i talk to has some kind of drama thing goin on"
"i just killed a fly, in mid-air, with my thumb  i'm 100% ninja"
bored like crazy  movies less and less fun  but goin to drag races today in <propfemale>  smile 
anyone wanna e playful lain to me why i havent been shot yet?
"if you could give me an award for anything, what would the award be? haha"
"i need to make alot of space on my status update for my english project so                                                                                                  \\yea"
"ladies and gentlemen, it is 12 surprise 0 midnight right now  it is also the time that i finished my facebook project!!! take that mrs  proctor!!! that is all "
"well obviously facebook is rigged, i did the same quizzes the exact same way like 4 times and got different results"
"i once had a guinea pig  i named him <propfirst>  then, <propfirst> died  so i got a sunflower \the end "
today was a good day  smile  everyone who matters or think they should matter know why it was so good
haha!!! great stuff always happens on my birthday!!!  smile 
i have successfully gone 453 mph in 1st gear in need for speed    i can drive
guess what!!! too late    now you'll never know
"so apparently im going to ohio tomorrow, parents decided that 10 miuntes ago"
should i go to ib next semester?
i hate     need for speed      so much       just never again       ever
so i've been really stressed out lately     got alot on my mind    gettin annoyed easily     somethin's just not rite  sad 
"so am i the only one who didnt know it was a 2-hour delay today? yepp, thought so    greatt       "
"i have hope now for many different reasons, and everybody knows at least 1 reason, whether i know it or not"
i get work done
so i love how only 2 ppl noticed that i got a haircut
today is truly a sad day for all men
so yea      apparently i start my driving test tuesday      new life here i come
very sick and not wanting to do anything       but of course i actually get sick on one of the busiest weeks i have
"liam's asleep at a party, gonna mess with him               laugh "
<propmale> is my hero  <propfirst> is my idol  <propfirst> is my legend 
"so somebody needs to have a party, like soon  im dying of boredom"
is questioning the effects of the plan
wishes ppl could read between the lines sometimes to see what im actually trying to say to them
"so yea this is officially the worst week ever, for everybody"
so my dad got in a fight at my bros soccer game against all of the other team's parents  and won  man i love bein a stokey
"just now woke up  fell asleep when i got home from the \track practice from hell\"""""
"\i'm not here because it's cool  it's cool because i'm here \"""""
shut up liam armstrong 
