f13596798d165ebcbf2bdefcd65c3d32
spending new years with my babe  smile   love  ily
so glad to be done with all my legal issuses  smile  no more court forever! lol
driving without privlidges lol
who wants to babysit for me? hmmm    lol
311 concert today! yay!  smile 
i am so fucking smart i make smart people feel retarded!
acceptance does not necessarily mean approval 
i miss and love you rayann erickson !!!!  smile 
phone off  yay me  message me if needed
been havin a great last few days  smile 
is a sad <propfemale>
fuck the weather sux ass  summer needs to come already
the weather is gay       lol
south park and auqa teen always get me laughing and in a good mood again  smile  lol
is a very sad and hurt <propfemale> right now            sad 
never make someone your everything when all you are to them is an option      couldnt have said it better myself      fml
doin better now     hangin out with muh daddy
grr   really!? my awesome day just died
had an awesome day at the lake and park today  smile  so nice outside   cant wait to do it some more tomorrow  smile 
yay i got sun burnt! lol
you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=8egr4lmx8k78ykqazk20  _frsthgl
wow dont even know what to say   guys really suck   
i need to get out and do something! guys suck 
gettin a kitten tomorrow    birthday present for myself    and it`ll make me feel better  smile 
2 days till my birffday  smile  lol and have an interview on thursday  smile 
cut my lil bros hair   he looks sooo handsome lol   birthday tomorrow  smile 
welll    i have nothin to do tomorrow for my birthday    my best friend is at boot camp and my bestie cant make it here and my sissy is far away     shitty deal    o well        birthday all by myself
happy birthday to meeee
had a pretty good birthday  smile  i was just happy i got to see my rayann  smile  cant wait for summer!
oh wow sooo tired    woke up at 6am    i think its nappy time   smile  lol
you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=pelr4emhh85ktyfhl7fq  _frsthgl
i neeeed to see the new <propmale> movie  smile 
you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=wexr4nmyhuhkv8mhhugu  _frsthgl
"\she saw every ending as a new beginning \""  smile """
so i tried a new fruit call a kiwano    very weird not so sure i like it lol 
rain! go away right now!      or else 
listenin to kid cudi makes me miss <propfemale> lol   
is no longer a blonde! lol  i love it thank you stina  smile 
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=6ecr40mnk78zauxllhwa\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=vehr4umyk78naal807ax\\ _frsthgl"
"cleaned house, did all laundry, went and got her glasses, made crab and steak dinner, dishes, happy mothers day  lol i tired now "
"woke up at 5 smile 0 am, i need to start waking up this early every day     smile  i like morning now lol"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=8eor4 playful u258ohlrh7as8\\ _frsthgl"
i am all smiles tonight : )  you make me smile  smile 
omg went tanning too long    lol   owie  hurts to move lol   
happy 6th birthday <propfemale> <propfemale>  smile  i love you baby girl  smile 
filling up water balloons for my lil sis and her friends for her party   my freakin fingers hurt lol 
had a good day    hailey is such a big girl cant believe shes 6 today  smile      so tired now   had such a long day   
had a good night   and woke up in a good mood   smile  listenin to some gym class heroes  smile  forgot how much i liked them lol
"try this     scroll to the bottom of your\facebook <propfemale> and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters,\click \english\"" when the language selection appears", click\f1359679 laugh 165ebcbf2bdefcd65c3d32,had a fun hike this morning with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  smile 
"you only have one life to do whatever you want with  in 100 years nobody will remember the supid mistakes you made, so make a fool of yourself while your still have the <propmale> because if you spend all your life trying to be the coolest kid around your will never be happy with yourself!"
watchin dear <propfirst>! omg in in love with this movie  smile 
time for a nice hot bath  smile       my whole body hurts for some reason  
"you only have one life to do whatever you want with  in 100 years nobody will remember the supid mistakes you made, so make a fool of yourself while your still have the <propmale> because if you spend all your life trying to be the coolest kid around your will never be happy with yourself!"
\kiss me, k-k-kiss me\f1359679 laugh 165ebcbf2bdefcd65c3d32,i want my best friend back    flordia give her back to me please   lol
glad it was actually nice for once! i miss you poopie hahaha
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=bebr4mpppk7nxawzo8wu\\ _frsthgl"
oh wow   some people just need to shut the f*** up! thank you  smile 
had a really good night with a good guy  smile     
"had another great night  smile  \        smile "
watching the sandlot!!! love this movie!  smile  gosh he makes me smile  smile 
"you cant fix stupid\  haha i love <propmale> white"
hmmm     smile 
can`t wait till the 19th!!!!!! my sissys comin to visit  we are gonna have sooo much fun  smile      and after todays its supposed to be like 80 degrees for like a week and a half    fuckin awesome  smile 
camping on 24th - 27th  smile   smile  and my sissy will be here on the 19th for ten days yay!  smile 
"its freakin gorgeous outside!  smile  i love it\ time to go tanning and go play downtown at the lake  smile "
had a great day being outside and at the lake  smile      mmm i think ill do it again tomorrow    smile 
night fishing with one of my favorite people!!  smile   love 
another day at the lake for me!!  smile  buh bye
"had an awesome day down at the lake  went swimming, freakin cold lol   now just relaxin till later tonight  smile "
car d <propfemale> this friday  smile  yay  then my sissy will be here saturday!!  smile 
allergies are killing me right now! want them to just go away  sad 
really wish this whole being sick thing would go away! grrr  sister in 4 days  smile 
sick  can't sleep  watchin' the notebook wishin' i was snuggled up next to him  smile     i'll see him tomorrow tho  smile 
"ok florida you have had enough time with my best friend   you think you could send her back 3 months early?   pwweeezzz  smile  love, <propfemale>  i miss and love you <propfemale> <propfirst> dickson!!!"
"tough\girls comefrom new york, sweet girls come from alabama, but we \idaho girls havefire and ice in our blood  we can ride four \wheelers, be a princess,throw left hooks, and drink with the \boys and if we have an opinion, you know you're gonna hear it  repost if you're a true idaho girl!  love "
i rly wosh it would be nice outside! i just want to go to the beach!  smile 
\so bring me two pina coladas \,f1359679 laugh 165ebcbf2bdefcd65c3d32,"car d <propfemale>!!!  smile  lol \and sister tomorrow!"
whos going to car d <propfemale> today?  smile 
gettin ready to head to cda  smile  gonna go have me some fun   wish someone could go but noooo they have to go to jail for the weekend! lame  lol 
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=wesr43phyuylrknzua18\\ _frsthgl"
"thunder and lightning\  love "
my butthead gets back tomorrow   smile  cant wait to snuggle  smile   love 
im goin to <propfemale> out with my daddy and my sister is here visiting from boise  i missed her sooooo much  smile  glad she finally here  smile   love 
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail msg  click below to view (stnd rates apply) http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite laugh ekr4apjzm8sryilhax0\\ _frsthgl"
had a good night with my mister  smile  and he made me breakfast this morning  smile   smile 
"pretty bored tonight feeling kinda lonely      \but i do have <propfemale> (the cat) to keep me company lol   \miss you  love   smile "
camping this weekend at bumblebee  so i will not be answering my phone at all till sunday evening! buh bye   smile 
home showering lol    then need to get more sandals   mine floated away when i almost drowned floating the river lol    then back to bumblebee till tomorrow afternoon!  smile 
well i had a fun adventure camping lol   i went floating almost drowned haha   uhh i left my phone on top of a car and it is now shattered on the freeway    so everyone email me ur number or text me it  lol im a retard i know 
grr   i dont think my texting is working effin phone  ppl get mine but i dont get theirs   but i need everyones number im a retard and broke my phone 
sooooo i still need everyones phone <propfirst>!! you guys are slackin! lol    so im a retard and broke my phone on the freeway lol
i wanna go floating again! 2 times last weekend wasnt enough! lol  loveing summer! oh how i missed it! lol phone <propfirst> ppl  phone broke 
goin to see eclipse at 11:15 lol then hangin out with <propfirst> when he gets off work  smile       happy
hangin out at a bbq just enjoyin summer  smile  im a beach bum  smile 
i love you <propfemale>!  smile  hurry up and come home   smile 
dude im goin swimming! buh bye
why must i always set myself up for disappointment?  crying 
is there something wrong with me? do i have idiot stamped on my forehead! i'm really just crushed right now      crying  what am i doing wrong?   
whatever over it  his loss  i'm the shit   smile 
be nicer outside!  i wanna go to the beach! grrr
getting nervous for classes to start   back to regular school     eeek  camping on the 20th tho!!!  smile 
going to silverwood  smile 
i think one of my new favorite movies is    p s i love you  smile  its just ones of those movies that make you feel all good inside  smile  lol
trying to fit as much fun as possible in as i can before school starts  smile  lol
ahhh just got back from the beach    need to get more tan it was starting to fade away sad  lol  school in one week  smile 
"grrrreeeeaaaaatttttt!!! i have a tan line from my sunglasses  i hate that!! grr \ lol"
"\we could do sooo many activities!\"""""
gettin my books for school today   smile  then i think i need to go work on my tan lil bit  smile  lol  i miss my best friend   sad  grrrr  damn navy
"i think i'll go with the screen door, cuz its open, but not for mesquietos!\  smile  lol"
a burrito is a sleepinbag for ground beef!
i'm sick of followin my dreams man   i'm just gonna ask where they are goin and hook up with them later 
camping tomorrow!!!! yay  smile then start school right when i get back lol
ahhhhh  way too early to be awake  gotta go get rdy  goin campin in couple hrs  yay!
ahhh back home finally  yay  startin school tomorrow     smile 
"at school   first day today  smile  \   sad my best friend isnt coming home as soon as we thought      sad "
first day went great  i love my teachers so far  smile  and i think im gonna love my popular music class  smile 
first day went great  i love my teachers so far  smile  and i think im gonna love my popular music class  smile    p s the new <propfemale> <propfirst> album is pretty awesome lol
dude  im bored  ugh  i miss my zoey 
day 2 of school but my first class isnt till 1  smile  lol im likein that 
lol ok sooo     2 day of classes wasnt that great   these ones are boring good thing they are in the morning or id prolly fall asleep lol   
school   im not likeing this who gettin up super early lol   
almost done with week one of school yay! lol   only one more class tomorrow    then its catch up time with homework lol   lots of reading to do   smile 
haha my cat is hilarious    shes no t used to seein herself in the mirror so    she hisses at herself   funny stuff  last class of the week at 11 then the weekend! yay  smile 
soty is comin to nic  smile  yay 
"i`m soooo bored with my hair  must do something new to it!\   hmmmm  smile "
i just put bleach in my hair just in my bangs   no turnin back now lol    smile  now lets hope it doesnt break off haha
wow     all i gotta say  smile  lol   wasnt e playful ecting that lol
nature is a whore 
cant wait till labor day weekend! get to see my best friend meka! only for couple days then shes back to florida but sooo worth it!!  smile 
<propfemale> get off my facebook butthead  lol
back to school tomorrow  homework done finally 
i am not a morning person next semester im making all my class at like noon! ugh 
good nap   now do homework lol 
ugh   wishin someone was home in cda already   listenin to maroon 5 forgot that i liked them lol  playful 
coffee + loud music = good morning  smile 
grr    i want summer back    i need to move somewhere hot  hmmm im thinking northern florida   lol
obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal  - <propfirst> ford
omg sooo bored   really 
i love tuesdays and thursdays   no class till 1    smile      tomorrow is friday and that means <propfemale> will be here tomorrow night!!!! yayayayayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    very excited  mmmm coffee  smile 
eff you whitman county for ruining my day    eff my life   soooo laaame
ok everything is working out now  all better  im a very happy <propfemale> now   smile  lol     not stressed anymore   smile 
ahhh   fun night    didnt sleep well tho lol    <propfemale> tired  i think im gonns go to class then nap  lol
who wants to go to rock hard at the park with me?    lol   i dont wanna go all by my lonesome 
mmmm red <propfirst>  smile 
gotta get ready for tonight!!!! yeah! tamekas almost home      smile 
omg   bit mistake on not takin a nap today   i only slept maybe  like 3 hrs and im super tired and im supposed to up all night again    ugh   lol oh well 
omg ur slow <propfemale> haha   wink 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
is in search of finding a cheap new car who wants to sell me one ? lol im sorta picky tho  just warning u
"never thought id get sick of hearing   \your eyes are really pretty\"" im just gonna start saying \""yea i know huh\"" and turn away lol   """
just got the sweetest purse ever! lol   
needs a new tattoo im having withdrawls  time to pick a new one out
"i'm a positive person that does not like to surround myself with negativity  so if thats you fuckin cheer the fuck up, or beat it  life is not that bad  bad shit happens and you fuckin deal with it and move on    "
just went and saw the other guys its hilarious!! lol
just bought my tickets for uproar festival! yeah!  smile  me and stina are gonna have soooooo much fun!!!!!!!  smile   smile   love   love   love 
just got my nose pierced! owie!
oh my eff im bored right now 
omg!!!!!!!! atreyu is comin back to spokane!! fuck yeah! i cant freakin wait
ugh  too early 
took my lil bro to school today   he started middle school! he <propfemale> nervous hope he does ok    i went around and showed him all his classes and stuff   then i had to go at 750 lol cuz he had to start class   
a7x and atreyu   what could be any better!    nothing  smile !!!!!
omg getting effin pissed off  all i wanan do is pay my tickets off stop making it difficult freakin alliance one!!! grr  ok i vented
got story of the year tickets for friday   smile  then uproar thennnnn atreyu! yay  smile !
when i woke up my nose peircing had fallen out  and its closed now   how sad   oh well   
soty concert tomorrow! yay!
dinner and concert tonight with <propfirst>  smile 
what the f  i get ready and go to class just to find out its cancelled today   lame
omg soooo bored! guess i'll clean
yeahhhh at the concert     smile 
that was fucking awesome!  smile  cant wait for uproar now! yay for a7x
story of the year was a blast had <propfemale> much fun  minus the stupid canadians
ahhh   good night concert was blast and good morning so far  smile 
my mom just invited me over for a crab dinner wonder what she wants   hmmm   lol
well i figured out what she wanted   she wanted me to babysit   lol shes never nice for no reason 
who wants to <propfemale> out!? bored 
im going to blast new <propfemale> <propfirst> cd and clean   smile  lol
cant it be september 24th yet? i wanna go to a kick ass concert
makin tacos! for just me   i dont like being by myself lol   
misses someone    wants to snuggle      movie then book for engish class then bed    yay    annoyed 
yea i was pretty much the cutest kid ever lol  smile 
everyone please remind me not to go to my mothers house ever again for any reason   she has not changed one bit    glad i have one good parent   i love you daddy  smile 
listenin to the 2006 wrped tour compliation cd (which is very good btw) and cleaning    lol
grill steak for dinner tonight? i think so!  smile  nummy
had a great night  wink 
had a much needed great night  smile 
watchin varsity blues  smile  lol
i need a new tattoo    like really bad   having withdrawls   
ok sooo im bored so im gonna color my hair    and i dont wanna hear anything from anyone lol   (stina)  smile   least im not bleachin it  smile 
ok here goes nothing! lol level 3 here i come  smile  lol
babysitting the cutest lil girl ever  smile 
got my cute new glasses today     smile 
eff my life    i miss my babes
got a new sweeeeet ass computer   smile 
got my new room all set up now im effin tired  gnight
rain = big mud puddles to drive through  smile  lol
just heard from an old friend so happy now      smile 
heard from my old friend <propmale> yay happy  smile 
had an amazing time yesterday  smile  big concert on friday!  smile 
yay uproar festival tomorrow with stina gonna be <propfemale> fun cant wait    smile  then i get to turn around and use it for an assignment for my music class    gotta write a review about it haha    things are perfect right now in life  happier then i have been in a looong time  smile   love 
yea so effing excited for tomorrow!!!! yay!!! rockstar uproar festival! gonna be a blast  smile  8 bands in one day what could be better?  smile 
i effing hate math now! grrr   ive been doin it for like 3 hours and not much progress!  sad  whatever im gonna take a break and have a blast tomorrow then get back to homework saturday  lol 
woooo hoooo it friday! got class at 11 then it concert time! !!!
"im pretty much in love with avenged sevenfold now   they kick ass live  smile \ put on a great show"
had a pretty awesome weekend  smile 
"lohan,24,all over the news bc she's a celebrity drug addict while <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29 <propfirst> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21 <propfirst> <propmale> 26 <propfirst> <propmale> 21 <propmale> fisher 24 <propfirst> <propmale> 23 <propfirst> goeke 23,sheldon tate 27    are all marines that gave their lives this week, no media mention  let's honor them & give them social media attention by reposting"
its a rocking out to a7x and doing homework kinda day
i just love it when people think im stupid   smile 
got a letter from nick    aww made me happy   smile  glad to be in touch with him again    hope he learned his lesson to not let dumb bitches get inbetween our friendship! lol
having younger siblings reminds me why i dont want kids for a long while 
irritated 
excitd for monday!!  get to see my babes ?     now its time to get ready for class uhgg
yay got an 84 on my math test retake yay sooo much better the the 46% on the last one! lol i dunno what i was thinkin   now apm homework   grr
"had a great weekend!!  smile \  love "
mmmm makin cookies  smile 
a belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone ore quite capable of every wickedness        <propfirst> <propmale> - 1911
ok im a happy girl now    computer is getting fixed still under warrenty thank god! thats a big stress lifted off my shoulders  i miss my boyfriend tho   
chopped my hair off to my neck!! again   lol i fried all my hair so it needed it  now its gonna be all healthy again so i can make it blonde again yay!   haha
"\the condom is the glass slipper of our generation\"" haha love it"""
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister  ?"
"computer is now fixed after 5 restore disks lol   yay me   did all by myself lol  oh and \ math should die "
at scarywood with stina  smile 
"omg! scarywood was soooooooooooooooooo much fun!!! thank you for bringing me stina!  smile \ my throat is gonna hurt in the morning!"
"likemy status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by \looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  \my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something\i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  a \   nickname  8  what's on my shirt now     9  challenge you to post this as \your status "
do what makes you happy  be with who makes you smile  laugh as much as you breathe  and love as long as you live  love 
a <propmale> of rain or snow!!?? eff my life 
"ahhhh-choo!!!        ?(-???•?)?    if you are allergic to bullshit, back stabbers, drama queens, head games, liars, two faced fake people, shit stirrers & down right nastypieces of work,keep this sneeze going      i can't wait to see who re-posts"
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world, who isn't\perfect, but perfect for you    who works hard and would do anything for you    who makes you laugh    and for whom you are thankful for every single day, then post this as your status!"
omg its getting soooo cold  sad  i dont like it at all    i like being warm  grr  effin winter! and i miss my boyfriend damnit  this once a week crap sucks  sad  oh well it'll get better sometime soon hopefully  smile 
tomorrow is frrriiiidddaaayyy  smile   love 
watchin the movie ' the <propmale> <propfemale> story  smile 
next holiday up   thanxgivin   mmmm cant wait   gimmi some turkey
damn plumber guy is takin foreverrrrr i just wanna take a shower and listen to my loud music!! lol
pretty sure i have an amazing boyfriend  smile   love 
i need to think of my next tattoo   i know what i want in it just dunno how to put it all together   help lol   
dad get off my facebook! lol
had an amazing extra long weekend with the boyfriend  smile  gosh i  love  him  smile 
at hospital visiting my aunt in icu  i'm not good with these things  at all    i want my boyfriend i needs hugs   
rawr  i need to do something fun!
listenin to some social d! i love this band 
signed up for a karate class at school lol
cant wait for thanxgiving in oregon    i love road trips!  smile 
well     my <propmale> charming isnt so charming after all     whats new   
yay have some blonde back in my hair! lol thanx stina for making me feel better   if it werent for you id be crying all day lol  love 
hmm cant sleep    so nightmare before christmas it is    
nooooooooo        its snowing      grrr     
i shot  gun for the first time and saw a bear in person for the first time yesterday  smile  now ive decided i need to own a gun   they r fun!  smile 
mmmmm hot chocolate  smile    all thats missing is snuggles from my boyfriend  smile 
stil in denial   its not winter yet   nope  it cant be  i wont let it happen 
blizzard warning?! yup i'm staying home for couple days    lol    so if you wanna see me or <propfemale> out you gotta come to me!  smile 
ok since going outside to shovel the driveway i've decided i'm liking the snow! lol   its not so bad after all   wink 
"dear mr  president,i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? meanwhile, lets cut down congressma n's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in    pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree "
guess i should pack for tomorrow  smile  oregon bound   see me sissy and grandma  smile 
hmmmm        ni ni time? yea i think so  only if i could fall asleep      annoyed 
awake    grr   watchin superbad though    lol
awake    took a shower and still not fully awake   so ima sit here and drink a cup of coffee    
had a great weekend with the family    good time staying with grandma and saw 2 of my cousin i havent seen in like 10 years! it was really good to see them  smile  and today we all went out shopping had fun     smile  but rdy to go home tomorrow   lol goodnight everyone!  smile 
had a great weekend with the family    good time staying with grandma and saw 2 of my cousin i havent seen in like 10 years! it was really good to see them  smile  and today we all went out shopping had fun     smile  but rdy to go home tomorrow   lol
mmmm peppermint mocha    just left tri cities   gettin closer to home!
hello idaho   i've missed you   smile 
gonna go <propfemale> with stina!!  smile  lol yay
hmmm      interesting night hahaha     smile 
scccrrreeeeeaaaaammmm!!!!
owie i burned my tounge   damn coffee   
"take a walk down memory <propfirst>  if you're reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you & me  when you're \finished, post this as your own status; you'll be surprised what people \remember about you   "
just made the most amazing chicken and dumplings    omg im awesome lol   smile 
eh   i miss my boyfriend this is the longest ive gone without seeing him      sad  makes me sad 
yay the boyfriend is on his way back lol     smile 
redbull
i love <propfirst> leen  love 
yay last class for the semester   but still have the final to do but no more classes!! lol
send me a random number to represent urself to my inbox then i will tell u exactly what i think about u using this number on my status  then repost and play the game with ur friends
"14: we go back a ways lol    kinda been through alot  but in the end i think things worked out how they should of  hope things are going well for you ,  smile "
462: you are a really good guy u were fun to be around  good taste in music lol and we have the same birthday!! lol
13!!! well you are one of my oldest friends we got into sooo much trouble together we were in seperatable we did everything together! up untill you left me and moved to <propfemale>  now you have a beautiful daughter    hope you come back soon miss you   love you
1313: i dont know you very well we went to school together for many years tho you seem like an mazing woman your beautiful   i think its kick ass you do tattoos ur a great artist   maybe we should get to know each other more and better wli think we kinda have alot in common lol
27!!! you are my best friend we have been through anything and everything together  nothing can ever seperate us  you are not just my best friend you are my family  i love you! you deserve only the best nothing less   we will always be friend untill the end  i couldnt imagine life without you!
i am sooo excited about everything   lol things couldnt be goin better then right now!  smile  i'm one happy girl  smile 
i am goin to have one awesome 21st vacation  smile  i love you meka  smile 
i am sooooo freaking bored!!!!
yay! going to see the boyfriend tomorrow!!! miss him sooooo much!  smile 
just went fishing and made a lil fire with my babes and he made me wear camo haha    it was actually fun  smile  i love you baby!!  smile   love 
totally just plucked my babys eyebrows lol   it was fun  smile  i love him!!  playful 
i had a great 5 days with my babes   i miss him already! xoxo  love 
who went off and left their facebook logged in   ? hmmm what fun shall we have with this  hi <propfemale>!
<propmale> out with daddy all day   watched him replace fan in 4runner   then i went and finally cleaned all the mud off of it lol   merry christmas everyone!!
went shopping with daddy and his friend  smile  got a vertigo sweat pant outfit for $45 when it was originally $290! hell yeah! lol   and finally bras that fit right! yay! lol   
i f#*@ing hate being a girl    hurts sooooo bad!!!! omg! non stop for over an hour now
missing the boyfriend    ily <propfirst>!  smile   love 
step brothers!!!     i dont care what anyone says it is the best movie ever made  lol
i've seriously lost quite a few friends after being in a relationship   why    my guy friends seem to no longer want to be friends after i get a boyfriend  i hate it  but whatever what can i do about it   nothing   it sux      but i am truly and completely happy with <propfirst>    love   love  ily baby 
i made shrimp steak and asparagus for din din   yea im awesome  it was sooooooo goooood!!  smile 
who left theri facebook open for dad to mess with  huh?  huh <propfemale>  ?
"snow, snow, snow       go away  pretty please? the end "
today is an off day  not in good mood 
yay got kroc center membership  smile 
watchin beauty and the beast  smile 
i miss my baby 
i cannot fall asleep   this sucks     
missin my babycakes   love  love ya babe
yay school starts back up on the 10th   i wont be soooo bored now lol
yay! another day of dad being an a-hole  awesome    
i just made chicken and dumplings and omg tasted just like how my grandma used to make it  smile  mmmmm nummy  smile 
ah monday we meet agian   and i still hate you  rawr  i wanna go back to bed
first two classes went good   homework already tho   gr 
hahaha car wouldnt start   and right when dad come to save me  it starts right up! lol kinda funny
omg are you serious with all this snow!     i was covered in white just from walkin to my class from car    
gonna go tone my hair and have a long hot shower   hopefully that will help with not thinking about things
"my phone is shut off      because i am switching phone services in a week and no point in paying my $50 phone <propmale> just to use it for a week  so if you want me message me on here or text 208-704-7962 thats my computers number lol, i can text you on there "
is in love    with a car that will be mine in a week if its not sold  smile  lol
damn you craigslist  the car that i wanted posted on there was just a scam  sad day   glad i figured it out now    so lame 
is single 
men: officially the scum of the earth  dont care about other peoples feelings just their own 
my theory about all men being assholes is yet to be disproved!
i feel so stupid   im balling like a freakin baby   grrr   
"who wants to go to an avenged sevenfold and hollywood \undead show with me?"
i just wanna go on a never ending roadtrip!  smile  that would be amazing   i cant wait till feb 4th gonna go visit my sissy in boise
"<propfemale> <propfemale> clapper message me face book is being gay  love, your sister"
grr was in the middle of taking a test for a job and freezes up    grr   have to start it over
omg i give up gettin ready and leaving now lol stupid computer
so excited for the weekend!
ok found the car gettin it tomorrow  smile  yay  smile 
"\you and me goin fishin in the dark just lying on our back counting the stars\""  playful   smile """
i hate waiting 
<propfirst> swift kinda day lol  smile 
is now a proud owner of a new bmw  smile  i love you car   i dont need a man
tanning then gym! got to <propfemale> out with my lil sister today  smile  i miss that lil girl
oh and my new number is 2086201561 text me with <propfirst>
yay  this girls now employed
crazy bitches
pretty damn happy right now  smile 
definately need to go to gym today    i cheated this weekend  bad <propfemale>! lol
grr  amazing weekend  shitty day!
is gonna go somewhere secret  smile  lol
in boise visiting my sister!
oo  what a night
having the time of my life   smile  its funny how things work out  end up being best friend with my exs sister and finding out sooo much info  i'm glad i'm not w him
approx 1 hr from home   smile 
who wants to buy my car satellite radio lol
watching finding nemo!  smile 
family road trip tomorrow!! lol
moving to caldwell idaho tomorrow everyone
allll packed up just gotta load car and truck up tomorrow then i'm gone! ahhh   scary    
dude i'm effin just stayin home! not moving 
goin fishin  smile 
got everything unpacked    smile  my rooms back to normal    smile   getting back into my routine tomorrow   smile 
watching american history x  and doin my toes lol
i love my hair why the hell do i always color my hair brown i look <propfemale> much better blonde lol thank u ashley: )
i love <propfirst>   
ni night and cuddle time: )
wow so that's what i've been missin this whole time! haha   wink 
i love you <propfirst> leen
tanning and gym i feel better now
wtf my 6 year old sister wears a bra? lol
taking a nap at 4 and leaking up at 8 was a bad idea lol cuz now i can't sleep grr
iiiimmmmm boooorrreeeeddd   i already went tanning went to gym showered cleaned   now i have nothing to do lol  who wants to fix that
well i think we all have learned i never listen to a word anyone tells me  yes i make mistakes giant ones but i'm young and stubborn and think i'm invinciable  
well things are going ok i'm still alive and not in jail lol   smile 
have a full day planned for tomorrow   smile  bring it on   smile 
watching eat pray love  i love this movie
"\you sooo naked\"" haha love this movie"""
grrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!
why do ppl like glee its sucks!!
yay going to colfax today grr    oh joy
hmmmm what to do today     i wanna go fishing: )
going to nampa tomorrow  annoyed \ grr  i don't wanna
lots to do tomorrow  annoyed \ grrr   
soooo done with being stuck in a car!!! loping trip glad to be back   smile  thanx for coming with me babe!
exactly one month till i can legally get drunk haha  playful   love 
is now a valid licensed driver after 2 1 2 years lol  smile 
