cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a
hmmmm      
sitting here eating jalapeno chips
first game sept 4th
eating an apple!! smile 
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
game tomorrow      :u
has been farming
nothing like dried cranberries
homework!!
parade on saturday!!!
parade on wednesday!
parade tonight:u
football game tonight      i really hope we wont stink   today was not the greatest 
can somebody send me more baby elephants??
is eating pretzles
nervous about tomorrow
goodjob band!!!! we did awesome
set crew today
is chillin at home with her dog
trick or treating tonight!!
last night was so cool!!!!
happy birthday <propfemale>!!
excited about tonight   this is going to our best preformence
i need about 60 chickens if you could send me some that would be great!!
thanks guys!!
oreos
nothing like a great game of checkers to brighten your day
yay!! no school!!!!
i am <propfemale> excited to get our new weiner dog today!!!!
<propfemale> and mia are adorable together   they are in the other room playing tug-of-war
people are stupid
"so, i kinda, sorta, really love you a whole ton  love "
tomorrow is a new day     
leapord print
school or no school?
made supper and is very proud!!!
dilly bars rock
hurts
hard boiled eggs    you gotta love um
my bedroom door handle
half time sucked
looking up random words on youtube then seeing if there is a song that coralates
finished my papter for english and its going to be the best out of the classs
i said id never let you go and i never did    i said id never let you fall and i always ment it  if you didnt have a <propmale> the i never did  you will always find me right there again 
thats right      jump me   i bet you wont    it was worth sending you to the office for stinking up the halls
people seem to turn out what you least e playful ect them to be    story of my life
is eating oreos and drinking milk  smile 
why do people have to be so hard to trust?
i guess talking to the ones that hurt you doesnt help if they dont care
kinda pissed about the snow
really mad at farmville
is so excited that i might get to wear new spring clothes this week!
uhh has anyone else finished the book for english   and started their project??
did anyone find a timeline for the thing in english?
 smile 
why are people so judgmental?
"\   the only thing thats going to bother me is that you all call yourselfs my friends    why cant you look me in the eye one last time?\"""""
ru pauls drag race is so funny    
so glad its friday!!!
does anyone have a squeegy?
is mad that our english paper is due tomorrow    when we could have done it over the weekend   all because our teacher was sick
: my paper really sucks sad 
"\   im cornier then ethonol  \"""""
does anyone besides me watch rupauls drag race?
is flossing
that assembly was very degrading to my instament    what a waste of money
pain without love  pain cant get enough    i like it rough becuase id rather feel pain then nothing at all  
concert went well
is going to grannies
kyler
hahahaha      it will all catch up to you in the end   
feeling sneeky and sly    will she ever find out?
eating one of my many loves    cheesecake smile 
i stil have to write my poem
is getting nervous about tomorrow
"you cannot change anyone, no matter how hard you try to influence them"
    pain i can't get enough    
going to be leaving for contest soon    i really hope ill do well    wish me luck
started my off the sno wizard season with tuty fruity
i am really only excited for the bus ride to topeka     well contest here i come
has an interview on monday
mucho hambre
goodnight <propfemale>   
"ok, so i want to get as many opinions on this as i can: do you think i should cut my hair or keep it long?"
three weeks till drumline tryouts     i better have it perfected
"\    i'm on a boat    i'm on a boat    everybody look at me cause i'm sailing on a boat    \"""""
today's ceremony was very touching    i didnt think i was going to cry
dads birthday is tomorrow 
  ;its really sad when only your best friends comment on your status 
wants to see you  
getting ready for <propfemale> night smile 
does anyone really know what we are supposed to be writing about for our english paper????
does not feel good      sad 
finally home    i do not like being at school for that long
so so so so so so hungry    
; starving is not fun
is actually pretty happy today   
; 100 things that gareentes men wont be dating or having sex is a really good show!
is slurping jello through a straw    its harder than it looks 
i hate hipocrates
the luv guru really sucks    dont watch it
only has to go to second block    then i am free
done with school
  usless  
; it was a little to hot to run today    i guess i now know not to run midday   
im an only child for a week!
well my day is now ruined
just got back from helping out at vbs   it was the last day and they had a super fun bouncy house    i tested it    and it was soooo fun
"some people, really need to grow up, not naming names     "
"some people, really need to grow up, not naming names     "
just got back from helping out at vbs   it was the last day and they had a super fun bouncy house    i tested it    and it was soooo fun
had an amazing day with kyler    thanks     i really enjoyed myself    i am really going to miss you too  sad 
what should i do next?
is it natural to have such a loathing toward a person?
in goodland veery tired
in estes park 
sitting our cottage this place is so peacful
watching a movie on <propmale>
going horse back riding!
riding was lots of fun there was such a nice view of the mountains
miss you     
wearing my slipper socks     giggling to myself about why they are so great    and thinking of you
hey   …i'll be back on saturday
oh my gosh     im freezing my butt off      
gets to go to the <propmale> hotel tomorrow    i really hope it lives up to what everyone has said about it   
why can't this just pass by? like a soft storm on a warm summers night 
i wish that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars… i could really use a wish right now…
"\and then there were none\"""""
"stanely, you let me down but you did have a good historical back ground"
they say a picture is worth a thousand words… i'm no picture… what am i worth?
"they say a picture is worth a thousand words    i'm not a picture, so what am i worth?"
heading back to <propfemale> today      home sweet home 
i am so fed up with your crap!!!!!
"ended up killing the only fish i caught  sad  sorry fish, but you where dumb enough to eat it "
"you know   people say they have a dry sence of humor,but can someone have wet humor?"
"\ you are about as usless as a poopie flavored lollie pop \""\",cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a,going to schoool the off to the river festival    illl be in the dunk tank from 10-12 come dunk me!
time to take the act again  
that really sucked
is soooo burnt
got a new phone!!!!!
ok so the new shorts i just bought came with built in undies   weird or not  you tell me
off to babysit   
goodnight <propfemale>
is digging the jogging scene
stroms a comin'
  to church i go
"attention: this just in \mini fridge $50 00 and a microwave $25 00\anyone need one    we're selling!"
"   \just let me down slow ly      please\"""""
is love the only thing we have that makes us whole?
ohhh this is not going to fly with me    time to stop it again
going fishing with kyler!!yay!!
babysitting tonight  then kylees house!
going to watch balls of fury
going to the pool     
"\tell me on a sunday please    \"""""
     a whirlwin of confussion
so much on my mind   i dont even know where to begin 
whered you go    ?
why does this always happen to me?
is anyone interested in a guine pig?  we are trying to get rid of one 
is going to tanganyika zoo with the family   yay
wishes she could be shooting off fireworks too  sad 
aaaaah nothing like new shoes
heading to st  <propfirst> quite soon   be back on friday!
is excited that i get to take a look at the city tomorrow! smile 
happy two years kyler!
im back!
facebook   why do you have to be so stupid?
why do i bother talking when my opinion never matters?
ignored   again
"wow people  the like, dislike,first impression, confession thang   has got out of hand"
aaahhh    nothing like painting trim to calm you down 
all i do is ask a question and you get mad at me   sorry i didnt know   
"so harsh to say i never care, so go find that person who will never compare"
  id rather feel pain then nothing at all   
testing testing 123
why do i always go looking for things that i know are going to hurt me?
mmmmmmmmmm   this caramel frappe is delicious   you really should try one   or get one either way its great
gone   again
if you're brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you  (1) crazy  (2) wish we went out  (3) talkative (4)sarcastic (5) lovable  (6 )sexy  (7) strong  ( smile  dumb  (9) spoiled  (10) mouthy (11) wild  (12) goofy  (13) funny  (14) awsome  (15) amazing  (16)beautiful  (17) cute  (1 smile  best friend
at the zoo with my family
mudding sheet rock with my <propfemale>  smile 
you cant keep running from things forever   eventually they catch up to and you cant escape them
not much more of this i can take
you cut me open and i keep bleeding love
well i guess i wont go running at sunset park    there was another shooting there just last night
attention everyone: are you lonely? well i have just the thing for you    how about a guinie pig? we have we and we want to get rid of it    please take her off our hands
this must be the summer of single
heading to my grandmas (in <propmale> center   whoo!) until friday   
ugh   i got badly burned yet again   
drumline is the dodgball champs!
"off to band camp   to sweat, to burn, and to play hard"
school tomorrow     
is anyone else going to be taking ap world?
am i really that hard to talk to?
yay finally done with ap world homework!
"so what if you can see the darkest side of me\no one will ever change this animal i have become\help me believe it's not the real me\somebody help me tame this animal i have become"
dont you hate it when your biology teacher talks for an 1 and 20 minutes about your book    almost <propfemale> by <propfemale>?
i feel like i just got punched in the lungs
aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh
"gummie bears, gummie bears   sprinkles, sprinkles"
i guess ill start on some ap world    sad 
so stressed
my confessions mean nothing
hows that funny?
"some things in life are bad\they can really make you mad\other things just make you swear and curse \when you're chewing on life's gristle\don't grumble, give a whistle\and this'll help things turn out for the best   \\and   always look on the bright side of life   "
"not looking foward to writting another narrative essay, but this time from an e playful erience before ten? and it has to be written like i was that age again   this sucks"
"ohh goodie, a 7am practice tomorrow  smile "
yay break from school until 9
game toniiiiiiiight!
wow are you brain washed?
the voice never matters
of course my plans are ruined    why would things go my way?
: loves kyler
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
this is the end
nothing ever seems to go right
finally a day without stress!
colds are not fun
"toga day,i think yes"
way too much homework     way too little free time to do it 
parade marching    meh  only because i have to 
its not funny if i have to e playful lain it 
dont you hate it when a significant other always corrects you?
what is this world coming to?
beaten to a pulp by ap world
cant keep these tears back any longer    your words slowly eat me alive
welcome back to being single   i guess this time its for the better   time to e playful eriense new people and always remember what ill miss the most  you
some people are just dumb 
or you can ignor me   
i like it on my doornob
ill stand by your side always
  interviewed by ksn today  
stupid people really annoy me
and now two hours of band   
im already there
i have faith and i have confidence   nobodys gonna shut us down
softball game!
we did awesome tonight    great light show!!!!!!
you're the one thing i will never give up on 
"time for tots, hopfully our group will win!"
you drive me crazy! why do you always try to rip any happiness away from me?
not feeling good  
so confused   mixed feelings  about this
\shadows fall on yesterday, \cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a,\i tried to be someone else\,cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a,\i tear my heart open, i sew myself shut\cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a,thanks to everyohe who wished me a happy birthday  laugh 
i really hate it when music videos have nothing to do with the song
males 
what do i do now?
"you always no how to make my days better (not), by showing me things that will change my judgement of people,well you know what? what you think doesnt matter, i have my own voice and my own judgement"
why do you have to turn everything into a fight?
going to go rake some leaves with <propfemale>  smile 
what was i thining? like i had a <propmale>? its time to get over this 
great       
off to school   yay  
mama mia here i go again my my how can i resist ya  
i hope today wont be so boring
aah time to build and decorate the tree
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to\not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight\against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your\friends to do the same "
i cant get you out of my head  
"baby dont talk to me i'm trying to let go, not loving you is harder than you know "
i hate one word answers
just dont talk to me anymore   what i have to say is clearly unimportant
hey
so hungry
im in such a good mood today! whats wrong with me?!
can i make myself sound any more stupid?
"we were clean like rain, calm and with purpose, \but our days would evaporate like rain \you left me for others, i’m in blindness  \what has happened to that sound? now it’s pain  \the day you left killed me, i almost drown \in the rain and sound we shared, i breakdown "
"that sound \the rain patters on the clear glass window \when i listen to your heartbeat singing, \with a steady pulse, it tells me hello  \its presence around me is glowing  \the patter reminds me of better times, \when you were always there, your heartbeat was too  \all the days we spent in rain were pastimes  \and everyday was spent wise and see-through "
off to get my wishdom teeth out    
so thankful for great friends  laugh 
i still got chimpmunk cheeks
i need to get over the fear of your judgment
gets to <propfemale> out with my girl <propfemale> tonight!
"at kstate <propfemale> doing science olympiad, lets hope we all do well"
"you know, deoderant is a good thing, more people should use it"
why are people so obsessed with themselves?
yay no school!
man    we really need to have rehearsal
phantom is doing very well   cant wait till tonight
letsa do this steelers!
i think it sucks that we now have to make up a day at the end of the year
you make my world a better place
what a crappy day
self esteam shattered
"times have change, but have our minds?"
uberly stressed out
\with fists flying up in the air\,cd90561638124d9373df390dfd86af7a,what a fun weekend   spent reading instead of being with you 
this bites
blueberry!
time for set  smile 
our times ticking away
i am idea-less
ugh i cant stop watching that live footage of the eagle
not all that excited about getting up at like 5 tomorrow and then sitting around for 12 hours
ahhh   nothing like some canada dry
job and car all in the same week! i'm so happy  laugh 
its the small things that you do that makke me smile  like waiting by my car til i got off work with a boquet of flowers
