7b655a11014ee6e585508927a3ef60e5
som3tim3s th!nkin c@n hurts
som3tim3s th!nkin c@n hurt
what we do is innocent just for fun and nothin' meant if you don't like the company let's just do it you and me you and me or three or four
<propmale> got a gun yall!!!!!
happy new yeaars!!! everyone
waitn 4  cupids arrows
"dont wait to the last minute to back out,you know how frustrated that can get"
i don't beleive a word he said  he was obviously out for blood
3 minutes between l!fe and d3ath and i'm ch00!in death
"driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole!!"
had the worst dream you could ever imagine
tired of these folks who alway talkin and never walking
about to deleted my facebook account       just too much
the teacher left the room for about 5 seconds and fight almost broke out again
get my hair cut and i don't too good about neither ill miss you mini afro
get my hair cut and i don't feel too good about neither ill miss you mini afro
feeling a little sick    shouldn't never eaten them cookies
handing bussiness hope it goes my way
got my first pay check and i'm very happy with the results
"if you like me, you can ? kiss my a-ashton!"
just visit my the school i'll be going too( i'm scared)
i through i was scared but i guess i'm not
school tomorrow omg i don't want to go
what the word impossible sayswhat the word impossible says i m possible  so every thing which seems impossible is itself says that is possible 
i am who i choose to be  i always have been what i chosethough not always what i pleased 
school tomorrow don't like it but if i don't go i won't finish what i started
"wow! i can't believe i'm been classified as a pretty boy, i mean i look good but pretty boy really!!!"
got a new one
i'm being tortured by the future of things that yet to be i'm being haunted by a visionit's like the morning never comes      
if you meet the perfect <propfemale> she in for your money and that all im gonna say
what do ppl call me whiteboy i dont understand
all the girlies say i'm pretty fly for a white guy     
have to stay after school today what a pain in the ass
waitn why do some people play <propfemale> much   they do know when to play and not play dum ass
man im <propfemale> sleeply     
sometimes i feel im standin in rain whiles everyone else sits on porch
i feel kinda sick shouldn't have eaten that burger       
why do some people try to act hard when they arround their folks      this confuses me)
wonk uoy naht noitceffa erom deen i --read it backward---
i'm so tired ugh!!! damn the world     
"couldn't? sleep so i went out walking\thinking about you and hearing us talking\and all the things i should have said\<propfemale> now, inside my head      "
just hear gunshots!! i'm scared  sad 
what happen to adult swim it's not on my tv anymore--- stoopid comcast
hey  dont mess with hungry people and food  it can get serious
"just put my cat outside \poor thing\"""""
"why do people keep dangerous animals as pets? i don't get it  why do some people have lions, tigers, or jaguars as pets?!! is it to show off to their friends and neighbors?? i saw fatal attractions on animal planet where these people keep tigers as pets, with often disastrous results!!"
finally told <propmale> off and boy do i feel fucking good!!
we kicked the dogshit out of them
have fun last night    
not liking facbook   
facebook is getting wayyy too strict -- off to twitter by3   
getting a -tattoo for christmas
"i'll like to give to a <propfemale> christmas for my mom, my brother( angel) and my friends-----you can't go forward when you're looking backwards!---- p s i hope my dad give me his old car(chevrolet malibu)"
you can't go forward when you're looking backwards    
if looks could kill you? would be an uzi you're a shot gun bang!
i hate when i got to  cut a friend off but life goes on     i had fun but we're friends no more piece
i'm so hungry     i wished i had some mcdonald's
"if you dont get a txt by me within 5 mins    we\re not friends any more   sorry but i only need real friends"""
school tomorrow ugh!!!
new episode of the game comes on tonight 9 smile 0 i know i'm watchin it
tired of games
i should be sleep right about now
man! school making my head hurt and i'm not  even there yet 
i wonder why ppl got to lie tell the true the first time dum ass
sleeply and tied and just got to school
don't feel like going to school ugh!!!!
i'm crazy and high; who's with me ?
