2403238a481fbfe93ec4d226b754c884
has a bunch of neanderthals in her house who are hogging the bonus room > sad 
yyyyaaaawwwnnnn  good morning 2011 
"school satrts this week :,("
    well    i made a facebook account     again    yeeeaaaaahhhhh     
is still trying to get a decent profile pic      fun   playful 
school        tomorrow       ugh 
 laugh      do i have anything to say? no  no i do not 
its friday!! well its about friggin time   
yyyaaaaawwwwwnnnn good morning! oh   its already 11 smile 5     
"hows everybody doing on this wonderful spring day? if u dont have power    sucks for u    i still do, so ive been playing video games and (unwillingly) doing my science      laugh "
i wonder if volleyball practice is still on    
guess whos playing video games till my eyes fall out??
happy almost mothers day  laugh 
"happy mothers' day!!  laugh  i hope u got ur mom something, people of the world    *guilt trip*    my mom wanted a bush                yeah "
my brain is dead! it died!! my math hw killed it slowly and painfully!!!
okay today is wednesday so i have to do squat hops! yay!!!!      that was sarcasm for all u stupid people out there    
today is no longer wednesday     just thought i'd let yall know
you should all go to the choir performance (is that how u spell it?) on wednesday   its only $1 for super awesome singing skills   and some amazing curtian opening and closing *cough* yeeeaaah   
    im   so    worn out    and i still have to do squat hops (it's wednesday ya know)  wink 
i need to update my status more often
    isnt the end of the school year supposed to be upbeat and stuff? cos i am so    tired    am i the only one?
no more school fo meh!!
okay    i have officially taken on the chalenge of making a 3 layer chocolate peanut butter mousse cake     from scratch  i fear for the lives of many 
"okay   does anybody know what dutch process cocoa is???? you know, as opposed to unsweetened cocoa   i need help!!"
guess what  its gonna rain today  guess what else  today is that pool party  excited? you know it 
wow  i completely forgot about my status   oops   playful 
help\\n
okay so i just learned that we have to read dr  jekell and mr  hyde over the summer    thats gonna be fun\\n
gar fb mobile confuzzles me\\n
   
so i just finished vball   the gym is so friggin hot!! it had been off all day    gah
guess whos goin to stuff her face at baskin robins??? yum
"i can't believe korea actually scored a goal on brazil  seriously??? i watched the game so i could laugh at korea when they got their butts kicked  the score? 2-1  yes, brazil won  but still!!!"
switzerland   won  over spain  is there no end to this madness???
    
i hate soccer refs  i really do  the us totally scored that goal! but someone had to foul so it didn't count!!! frustrated? me? nah 
   im taking care of a bunch of big hyper dogs in a small room   for 5 hours   fun
going to murfreesboro today  laugh 
   
i pretty sure soccer refs <propfemale> our team  off sides? really? no 
theres a new longest tennis match ever! over 7 hours long  yeah 
86 games  in just the fifth set  completely insane 
    
   
"so my orthodontist decided that i need braces again because one tooth-i repeat, one tooth- was a little bit crooked  i am not joking  this sucks "
at a sounds game  we're winning    so far  2-1
sounds lost  but the fireworks were great  smile 
so       bored        
im gonna let u guess whose dog went completely insane last night
im feelin kinda dead right now x x
just ordered a really nice laptop  laugh   laugh   laugh  excited? me? nah 
im about to see despicable me (i think thats how u spell it   )
spain wins the world cup!!!!!!!
"its hard to find the time to read 3 books at once  besides, i have my priorities  summer reading is not one of them "
braces  again  > sad 
oooohh-kay                              im bored 
my brother is getting his wisdom teeth taken out today  do i feel sorry for him? definitely  am i going to take pictures and laugh? you betcha 
keeps seeing familiar faces at work     its kinda weird
looooves her new laptop  laugh 
"is going to adams, tennessee  smile "
"you mean, not only do i have to read dr  jekyll and mr  hyde, i have to do work too??? what kind of crap is this??? me? grumpy? nah "
im goin white water rafting on the ocoee!!!! ahaha my mom is super nervous
haha just finished having a blast in the ocoee river!! omg i had sooooo much fun
sigh     am i the only person who didn't grow a friggin foot over the summer????
dominated in vball!!!! varsity 7-25
so    much   anatomy     x x
get to see my bro for the first time in     3 days! ahaha yeah we're just bringin him his laptop  smile 
at wku now    they have killer pizza x x
soooo     evidently we're playing nashville christian on thursday    d: we're doomed
sooo im assuming nashville christian school (good) is different that nashville christian academy (bad)  praise jesus!
guess who beat east robertson? we did!!!
fun  so much fun   playful 
beat <propfemale> byrns  surprise 
had fun i english today  found out that true friends always betray u  caughiancaugh
i can't even begin to tell you how completely relieved i am that its the weekend 
"i guess i have to do homework tomorrow    nooo!!! d,:"
i really want pizza right now
yaawn   why am i on facebook this early   ? i don't know 
"we lost against white house heritage :,( ah well we played well anyways"
to all those who died in 9-11
"today was hectic in sunday school   a shepard's head came off, an angel broke in half, ashes were spilled on the floor, and a kid dropped a porcelain bowl full of little beans  fun "
guess who gets to memorize 15 lines of shakespearean goodness by thursday?
flattened <propmale> county high
just heard 99 bottles of coke on the wall <propfirst> in its entirety by <propfemale> and <propfemale>  super fun to the <propmale>
am i ever going to have free time? no  never  ever 
is at lipscom for a choir thing    go midstate!
greek week!!!!!!!!!!!!
so i found out my brother took a trip to the emergency room after having a horrible reaction to the medicine he was taking for his strep  fun stuff 
so i went to wendys and ordered a veggie burger    and they gave me a regular hambuger-just without the meat  no <propfemale> or anything  fail 
and so greek week comes to an exciting end   go artemis! and good job all you apollo people
soooo i was gonna work on my <propmale> caesar paper    but i looked in my backpack    and i'd forgotten my copy   crap   
everybody will come to senior night for vball tommorow  we will win  so come 
is excited about midstte auditions on satuday!!!
i   i have nothing to do    this is so strange
just auditioned for midstate     i hope i didnt fail too epicly
"guess who made mid-state and all-state? i did!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  i cannot convey my happiness\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  smiley cm ?p=2"
\do you bite your thumb at us," sir?\"" \"2403238a481fbfe93ec4d226b754c884,"wants to change her profile pic, but doesn't have any good, current, out of school pictures"
i have to find important quotes for frankenstein        meh 
at an epic party  playing epic sausage  near an epic fire 
is going shopping      yay? i guess i need clothes    but i really want to stay home and do nothing    im so lazy
is on facebook too much  way  way  too much 
oktoberfest!
epic volleyball win!!!  laugh 
guess who put up a good fight in districts? we did!
well      yeah 
is at a chihuli exhibit   hes an amazing glass artist
has homework       crap      
just watched <propmale> twist  smile  which is almost as good as newsies lol
weeeeekeeeeeennnnnnnd!!!!!!!!!
found out that her computer has voice command software   hehehehehe     
i just went to the dentist  they offered me donuts and sprite  i  took them up on their offer  it was delicious 
"\janet!\"" \""dr  scott!\"" \""janet!\"" \""brad!\"" \""rocky!\"""""
i made the most epic gnocchi recipe for dinner  heavy cream makes everything better  fact 
halloweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had an awesome halloween  awesome 
i  love  election  day  somuch  sososososomuch 
wishes it was friday   why isnt it friday???
friday! about  freakin  time 
      *sigh*       monday 
x x
watched glee     very    interesting 
is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo looking forward to the weekend    as always
hey does antbody know what that site was for music that broche gave us to use in our videos????
off to mid-state!!!
"was watching ch 4 news   they had a story on how more and more <propfemale>ns are saying that marriage is obsolete  and they wonder why <propfemale> is going down the drain     how sad  how very, very sad "
finally mostly caught up on a majority of my homework! woooo progress  annoyed 
happy almost thanksgivingish  annoyed 
is watching <propmale> gump  smile 
is watching <propmale> potter!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving    afternoon!  annoyed 
black friday
 annoyed  meh
off to travecca  smile 
just used a really cool word in an english essay  smile  perspicacity  suck it 
is in a limo  laugh 
styrofoam is falling from the sky!!!! d:
is working on a paper    ugh  playful 
is going to pack for biltmore      eventually  annoyed 
is goin to gatlinburg!!!
gatlinburg!!!
found how how completely helpless i am on ice skates  i also somehow managed to get a blister on the arch of my left foot  how???
it is very very very cold in north <propfemale>  okay   i havent been outside yet   but its snowing and bodies of water are frozen over  ish  its cold 
me: <propfirst> do u watch cake boss? <propfirst>: no  why would i do that? its a stupid show  me: <propfirst> do u watch cake boss? <propfirst>:           yes
just watched inception     o o
is cleaning   and cleaning   and cleaning   x x
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good   rest of the day   ?
sigh   i guess i have to do something productive over christmas break   
discovered the power--firsthand--of subliminal messaging  it was fun 
yawn 
    i have to write three 4-page papers         *sigh*
"hello, 2011!!!"
"as much as i really don't like  getting up early in the morning, at least school with give me something worthwhile to do"
"   school?          what is this \school\""of which you speak?"""
sigh   
just saw a guy in beige shoes beige pants and a beige shirt (im sure he was wearing beige socks too) and guess what color hair he had  beige 
i guess i have to do my econ stuff    and my all-state stuff    and my gov school stuff    and my bard stuff    and my latin stuff       gah
no school!    again!
we have gone to school exactly 2 days this semester      woooow
learned how not to drive on icy roads
i miss having my status at the top of my fb <propfemale>      crying 
do u know how annoying it is to have a gospel song stuck in ur head for a week? a week  gah 
if we miss pajama day    i might just have to scream 
my computer positvely refuses to connect to the internet  facebook mobile is my new best friend  smile 
is at the homecoming game  smile  go hawks!!!
is sooo tired      x x
my itunes refuses to load my entire library  i am now stuck with all american rejects thru muse  curse you itunes!!!
to all you mhms people who happen to be on fb this early in the morning     jeans day!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
is it just me or does 7pm seem like midnight?
"molotiu didnt give any homework  he actually said \no homework \""    wow  just    wow """
soooo    evidently theres a <propmale> we wont have school tomorrow?
weeeeeekeeeeeeeeend!!!!  laugh 
taught 3 year olds today  can something be totlly insane and super awesome at the same time? oh yes 
"   where did the weekend go? according to my extremely reliable internal clock, it should still be saturday afternoon "
i really enjoyed my day off  smile 
hope everyone ordered a singing <propfirst>  laugh  *coughihopewelearnthemontimecough*
curses! all you sick people coming to school made me sick!!!
likes tape  a lot 
i love birthday parties
had half of a giant cookie and a fourth of the biggest piece of cake i have ever seen  smile 
so    many   songs   stuck in head    at once     x x
 sad 
festival is coming!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
is is the weekend? you betcha  am i happy? very  do i get to be anchored in the lord for 4 hours tomorrow? oh yes!
<propfemale> gave me a spoooork!!! yeessssssss  smile 
the community-wide seminar was actually kinda fun      annoyed 
just got 2 fruit roll-ups in one package  laugh 
commercials suck  especially when you're the one who has to make them 
festival!!!
we got a freakin superior at festival!!!!!!! me? excited? nah 
the nle is on monday!  smile 
"quote of the day: \do you ever get tired of doing homework?\"" -my dear mother\\n"""
there's no possible way that it's still monday  it has to be thursday afternoon by now 
"birthday birthday birthday!!! watch out world, <propfemale> can drive!!!"
my wall has been taken over by <propfemale>'s birthday wishes      
i just spent 3 1 2 hours baking a cake  and you know what? it better be the best gosh dang cake my family has ever had  ever  or else 
all this free time          what do i do???
\we're the pirates who don’t do anything\,2403238a481fbfe93ec4d226b754c884,i just got freakin accepted into bard!!!!! aaaaahhhhhh!!!!!
"just got an epic sign for my bedroom wall: \national sarcasm society  like we <propmale> your support\"""""
its horrifying what people will do--in public!--to get their children to stop crying
school       school? what is this   school?
nyargh i keep getting spam on fb    who knew canned meat could be so annoying?
i got a new ipod!!! and this one has a screen!!!!!!
just got an epic new haircut  smile 
mahwige  mahwige is what bwings us      togedah  -the priest from <propfemale> bride
<propfemale> april fools' day!!!
science olympiad!!! and let me just say that utk is a maze
1st place in the staaaaaate!!!! guess who's awesome??? <propfemale> and i!!!
