748886a6b91bfb7485cbb29c1507628b
always hates this part   
just wants to sleep!
wishes it would rain and just be done with   the cold kinda sucks
mmmm   tacos
is gathering more music 
was really scared!!
has a mango-flavored freeze! yum!
holy ow!
has burns on her burns 
is watching a <propfirst> bond movie!
"just because you close your eyes, it doesn't mean it's not still light out   "
's scalp got burnt!!! d:  not having good luck with the sun!!!
just watched my sister's keeper   stupid girls sitting in front of me ruined it!
wants to sleeeeep!
is gonna go to a movie!
didn't get to go to the movie tt-tt
had a vereh good day!
is nerd ^-^
is still nerd    >>
"has an extra ticket to the hp release on the 14th in lacrosse, anybody want it?!?!?!"
got soaked in the rain  love 
"had a good time today   didn't get much stuff, but twas still fun!!"
has awesome body was that smells like incense! yummmm!
has mondo cuts and bruises from the river! x x
is excited for hp!!!
thought the movie was decent 
is super pumped for her pay raise!!!!
doesn't really want to work tomorrow   stupid mother and her being my boss!
is kinda meh
is fanfriggintastic!
has ice-cube toes!
is sick of her father   
o o
was flippin' out!
can't wait    to be <propmale>? >>''''
is really cold!!
has new guages  back to 0g wewt!
"is being taken away, ha ha!"
"is lovin the rain, though her hair isnt!!!  laugh "
needs to escape from her computer and is looking forward to having school do that for her 
hopes no one comes to the pool so she doesn't have to work   
is looking forward to having a few days of break before school starts    >>
is done!
random random     >>
bleeeergh   
is totally pumped! we creamed 'em! yay blackhawks!!!
is loosing her voice  help me find it?
is having the worst day ever and wants to cry    tt-tt
isn't sick anymore!!  love 
wishes her mother would tell her things  x x
is finally getting around to grommeting her skinny jeans  they gonna be epic!
finished her jeans   too bad the dumbass chick only gave me four yards instead of ribbon instead of five   looks like i won't be wearing them tomorrow   sad 
finished her jeans! too bad the dumbass chick only gave me four yards of ribbon instead of five!!! d:
got ribbon now and will be wearing her pants tomorrow   lol   not that i wouldn't be wearing any if i hadn't gotten ribbon 
is wondering what she is going to do about her zune crisis    tt-tt
is going to be fixing her zune problem with a zen!
is flipping tired    
is actually looking forward to rehersal tonight!
wishes her voice would get better  x x
is excited for tomorrow!
is 17!!!!!!1!!!!!!!111
thinks this was her favorite birthday  ^^
just got her zen!  love   love   love 
needs to start her report    >>
got a new phone and needs people to call her (my old phone is broken so i haz no contacts!!!) 608-412-3230
made a difference today by donating blood!!!  smile 
is loving her life~~  love 
gets so sleepy when it's cold 
might be preforming at carnegie hall! let's hope i get choseeeen!
"is deciding to go to carnegie next year, the band trip is this year   playful "
doesn't feel well
is home sick   
is still sick and is debating about school tomorrow x x
is sick at home yet again    ><
will indeed be going to school tomorrow 
thinks she phailed her test today     x x
doesn't really know
is excited to haunt again!
likes imesh   smile 
want's to sleeeeep
is going to decorah with her sister tomorrow   smile 
is nervous and excited at the same time 
is sorry she didn't make it to the haunted house   slept for four straight hours when i got home  x x
is pumped for redefined!!!
"has a feeling that this will be a very good weekend! redefined friday, furst full run ghrough on saturday morning then i gets to see <propfirst> that night!! woo~~~"
is completey and utterly exhausted   
can't shake this feeling that something bad is going to happen   
gets one whole night off   kinda  woo?
just woke up! phew   needed that extra sleep!
"just ordered my new cameraa!!!!as;ldkfja;sldkfja;slkdfj!!1  love 333 thoooough, my mother says i don't get to have it til christmas   i shall try to weasle my way into getting it atleast chrismas <propfemale>! ^^"
is all bleeergh!
"is in a great mood now! love you, rain!  love "
getting ready to go to work   bleh 
"is watching a ridiculous \scary\"" movie  hah   scary   """
has almost figured out her christmas list!
well   uhm    yeah
thinks she had too much sushi!
"just bought the most epic christmas present ever! if the person doesn't like it, i'm keeping it for myself!!!"
ugh   
"no no, woot now!"
whistles a tune to herself softly    
gonna go finish christmas shoppin tomorrow!
has finished shopping! wooo!
was finally able to afford to get a free poster off of swag bucks! mmmm   shmexy lost boys poster will look gooood on <propfemale> wall   love 
has just gotten the best present ever! good luck topping it!
is glad school is done with!
is actually enjoying the snow this year!
has fallen in love   
thinks the best thing about her camera is that photos need not be edited anymore! yay!
doesn't want to work tomorrow    d:
is deffinately going to sleep in!
"let the earth crumble, i don't care   you're my world now  love "
wonders if there's a single one out there that is different   probably not   
really hope it works out tomorrow  o x
found out it will work!  smile 
is turning into a clairecicle! brrr~~
screwed up her hair majorly    x x
will be fixing her hairt tomorrow!
creme white
hot pink!
has fixed her hair!! woooooooooo!
doesn't like standing in one spot for hours   my poor hips  d:
"is all like, \wooo! two years!\"""""
hopes her eye will be better by tomorrow
is going to try and fix her eye    maybe?
feels like an ugly blob    tt-tt
doesn't want to be her own knight anymore   
is sick of tests   thank god finals are next week and i can be done with this semester!
is very good at procrastinating!
has chapped lips from playing in pep  twas a great match tho and plans to go to more next year!
had a super time tonight!
doesn't wanna study    tt-tt
only has one final tomorrow   at noon too! woot!
is much too giddy and hyper right now    >>
needs sleeeeeep   or braaaaaains   either one works~!
"happy happy, hyper hyper!"
is excited! woo
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons 
woo! woo! woo!
had predicted something bad was going to happen    d:
wants to escaaaaape   and will be doing so soon-ish   ? n n
is somewhat happy to be home   and mostly missed her bed 
had a bad dream last night and hope it doesn't return   
wants a <propfirst>!
is sick and hopes she won't still be tomorrow   sad 
has finally overcome sickness! huzzah!
dropped her phone in the pool and is so pissed  d:<
has had a 'fantastic' ending to a wonder-fucking-ful week     crying 
doesn't want to live like this anymore   
is sleeeeeeepy now   
"is looking forward to tomorrow! pizza, wii fun, and friends that make me laugh till i cry  n n"
"just got the corner of her laptop jabbed into her ribcage! \ow!\"""""
can't believe there are only two more weeks until solo and ensemble!!!
doesn't like people that don't have things done that should have been done weeks ago! d:<
"thinks, \is it raining   ?!? woah! no way! yesss rain how i missed you!!!! agh! spring here i come!\""  love """
doesn't really like it when girls only wear really thick dark eyeliner on their lower eyelids   it's just dumb!
is a rock lobsta!
"loves link! ahaha, such a geek    n n'"
can't believe there's only 9 weeks left of school!!!
"belives in a thing called love  just listen to the rythem of her heart! there's a <propmale> they could make it now, they'll be rocking til' the sun goes down  she believes in a thing called loooooooove~"
has a very angry tummy! d:
"says, \happy zombie jesus day!\"""""
loves the rain and photography of <propfemale> water droplets on plants   love 
wishes she had more free time for spring break  :<
thinks it's getting much too cold again!
is working on her french report! woo! 500 pts of extra credit here i come    lol   
"is excited nervous stressed for this weekend, have mixed feelings about it, i want it to come but i also can't wait until it's over  hmmm     annoyed \"
is less stressed but will have another stressful weekend in like   two more weeks  wooo    >>'
is really tempted to go up to someone she doesn't know and act like she does just to see if they'd go along with it 
now knows why people are in such odd moods lately   damn you full moon   daaaaamn you    *shakes fist at*
has a food baby   one word   culver's
is loving the lilacs outside of her house   love 
is sleepy and having a bad day   just about ready to have this day end
is glad her day of bad luck is over with!
doesn't know if anyone else has noticed this but this seems to be the longest week ever   just my observation at least 
"has decided to stop caring about people that don't offer the same feelings in return, it's just too damn exhausting "
"is quite thankful to have someone, especially now "
always has mixed feelings after these sorts of weekends 
is thinking of wandering aimlessly after school tomorrow  anyone want to join me? haha! i have such an exciting life!
mayhaps be getting a new piano within the next week! hopefully it will work out!
"thinks, \holy fuck it was hot today!!!\"" t'was the perfect day to go out on the river!"""
doesn't know if she's worrying too much or if her paranoia is well placed   
saved a turtle today! woo!
sushi     love  need i say more?
is just about ready to leave! ack! d:<   anyone want a roommate?
"dislikes humidity, it makes everyone crabby!"
loves the full <propfemale>!
just returned from a wedding  they make me feel so lonely u u
"thinks it's silly when parents think that zooming in will make a picture look better, or fit the camera screen better when in all actuality you can just turn the camera! zomg! hahaha, oh technology-dumb parents    tsk tsk"
"wonders what people think sometimes, or do they think at all? mindless, blind zombies, 33%   that is a fact! 33% of the world is blind to reality!"
is super pumped for the school year to be done with! la~lalala~lalalala~~  love 
"asks, \is it sad that i painted on hand of fingernails but am now too lazy to do the other hand? hah   \"""""
sees a red jeep and wants to paint it black      laugh 
is done with school now! woooooo!
is overflowing with creativity for once! woo~ let's put it to good use! hah
is a zoooooombie! graaaawr!
thinks it's ridiculous how some people can be so just   downright cruel to others  it really saddens me   
"is goin' to the rendezvous with kelten todaaaay! woo! exciting, and it's even better that it's such a nice day! finally, summer has started!"
totally doesn't want to be at home right now   
has her first swim meet as a coach and already has hideous lifeguard tan-lines  lol
is crispy fried   wooo
thinks that sometimes those little moments make life completely awesome 
has some kick-ass tan lines now! hah   gross
is still tired    two weeks of not much sleep is no fun i can tell you that 
sometimes hates those people who are so beautiful that they don't even have to try!
"just watched the butterfly effect   so good, wish i hadn't watched it alone though, some movies are better if you have someone with you to discuss things with "
"is finally doing her summer reading    oh the pain   not! sometimes i forget how much i like reading until i do it, again "
"is making an announcement to all ye people who only use song lyrics as your status: stop it! use some friggin creativity once in a while! i mean seriously   it's getting ridiculous, especially when it's practically the whole song, i understand a few words or maybe a phrase but    sheesh "
"is sleepy and sick of self-righteous adults who think they know everything just because they're old, well the world works differently now than it did in the 30's, cookie, so just relax now before you break a hip "
really loathes farm ville so stop friggin sending me invites!
"thinks it's amusing how people say they can never be changed by another person but as soon as they get into a relationship they bend to every whim of that other person    interesting, eh?"
sometimes wishes game characters were real   mostly just link but whatevs   laugh 
is planning on doing something super crazy to her hair sometime soon   any suggestions? i have a few ideas but   there are so many! hmmm   
is the pinball wizard   
wants a pair of <propfemale> auris     u u
just got done looking at antiduckface com     oh i love it  down with the duckface!!!! d:<
"wishes her boss wasn't also her mother, it's a pain in the ass trying to get off work since she bitches at me about it every time! d:<"
is having a <propmale> creativity block 
"believes that tall people are better than short people, no offence but we have more space to store awesomeness!"
will have fun fun fun til her daddy takes the t-bird awaaaaay~
"is, for the most part, happy to be home   mostly her bed   but still!  laugh "
"thinks it would be fun if people had \like\"" buttons  i know the first person i'd like too!  wink """
likes this friday the 13th so far! rrrrrrrrrrrrrrain!  love 
"wonders if jet skis have a weight limit, if so it'd be quite amusing to see someone sink one  hahahaha"
"really want to go to see muse but on the other hand, really wants a car    d:"
scored 20 33 on a mensa test!!! *is genius* hahahahaha   suuure
finally put her retainers in after like three years and is severely regretting it  d:
"thinks it's sad when really cute girls make themselves look ugly by choosing bad jewelry for their facial piercings, making them look skankalicious      annoyed \"
is a dragon   
loves it when babies smile!
- awkward does not exist in claireworld   laugh 
just bought her first car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"doesn't know why people are making such a fuss over the last day of summer before school   if you wanted to do stuff this summer you should have done it instead of waiting until the last minute, durr   "
"had a great day! super easy school schedule, hair cut and new guages from one of my swim team kids just because i \was an awesome coach\""! life = pwnage atm"""
hates allergies  hate themmmmm d:<
is holier than thou! (and has got the spirit now   ) lol  musical has barely started and i already have the songs stuck in my head! oh dear    musical season   
dislikes that facebook tells her she has a group invitation when she really doesn't    it has been going on for a few weeks now and it's quite annoying  d:<
just found out that her favorite game of all time will have a sequel coming out soon!
"knows that being up this late will really screw up her school sleep schedule, but she doesn't really care    ha ha!"
has a very strong urge to dress up as lilu from the 5th element at some point in her life    not now of course   very unattractive!
is in the process of taking her old zune apart just to see if she can give it a 'hard reset' and hopefully fix it     laugh 
"really, -really-, really wishes people could understand simple things that are quite obvious    ugh, guess i can't count on that happening any time soon    d:<  *face+wall*"
"- wow, way to go and be a hypocrite! you say you're different but really you're not    respect for you = just about zero    way to go!  laugh "
"just showed her mother a photo of herself    mom: \pretty! who is that?\"" me:       me        mom: \""oh!\"""""
"- 1  have not been feeling well the past few days, so sorry to the people that i was rude annoying mean to 2  forgot what else i was going to say d: uh    oh yeah! appointment for tattoo is made, woot woot, friggin e playful ensive stuff though   "
"isn't ready for it to be sunday yet    u u don't want to put up with idiots at school (note: only the idiots, you non-idiots, i like you   laugh )"
is totally gonna be sick in about 5 <propfemale>    or so    x x
"- ugh, so many decisions to make! d:"
"doesn't like those kinds of people that yell complain about something just to hear themselves speak, it's really really frustrating    especially when they know no one is listening to them    but since it's the same thing over and over you know what they're saying  ugh     x x"
is extraordinarily stressed out and has already snapped twice today    how wonderful    great start to my brithday! car-broken zen-broken money-none wooo    
is rather excited for today and just hopes her father doesn't screw things up    >>
- why didn't you guys say to set the time later?!?! lol been sitting here for about two hours now    :<
is in the process of watching the <propmale> horror picture show     love   yay  luff weird movies!
"- hahaha, melodramatic people are over melodramatic "
"is sorry about ranting about relationships but   seriously?!? it's so frustrating! iloveyou doesn't mean any less than i love you, same with luv yew   etc etc  still means the same thing    grr! just because you spell it different, it doesn't mean that the meaning is any less significant or powerful   but since you who do that stupid poo sort of ruined the word anyways      thanks    "
has nothing to do tonight! d:
doesn't say that kind of crap to you so why do you say it to me? definitely don't appreciate that   
- meh    u u
is really tempted to go to sleep right now    at 8:14    hah    how sad
- aaagh! my back itches so bad! it needs to hurry up and heal!
wishes she had somewhere to escape to    seriously am going to have a meltdown soon   
is sooooo tired   
- pie <propfirst> zoo    anyone? anyone know what i mean?! yeah!?
"really really likes those kinds of people that have a really skewed sense of right and wrong, not like murderers and stuff but just like    well    i think you know what kind of people i'm talking about *cough*idiotgirls*cough*"
- ahahahahaha! hahahahah! no way! i knew it!!!! i knew it!
is holier than though and has got the spirit now  lol    jeez
is getting more senior pictures tomorrow    woo!
is worried     annoyed \
"- \and if you've got no other choice you know you can follow my voice through the dark turns and noise of this wicked little town\""  love """
is a tappin' fool!
's aunt isn't doing so well    it's not looking good     sad 
is excited for next week!
needs a break 
is so cold! d:
"has a brand-new pair of roller skates, you've got a brand new key! oh noez! d:"
really does not want to go to rehearsal tonight   
hopes she can remember all of the moves for each song tonight!
is not feeling well    d:
is currently in the process of designing her next tattoo
is interested to see how things shall turn out tomorrow night!
had something witty to put here but forgot it shortly after thinking it up    so goes life 
has many a thing to do tonight! first night off in like two weeks   hah 
"- yep, deffinately haven't done any of the stuff i needed to for school   get to do it tomorrow, yaaaay   "
"- really likes the fact that she got her toes smashed today  hope it won't ruin my performances, thurs, fri and sat   "
is sorting her first batch of senior pictures!
is thankful for the innumerable hours she has will be spending playing video games  oh how i've missed you 
is online christmas shopping!
loves snow but thinks it's a bit chilly and doesn't like being chilly   
excited for tomorrow!
i love my friends   love 3
at work   yuck   
don't really want to go to work    i just wanna be a bum today    oh wait    i don't do anything at my job anyways!  laugh 
i have a new phone! woo!  laugh 
tablet! i haz it! it's so purrrday! <propmale> time here i come!!!!
trying to figure out what i want! two $75 gift cards to forever21 and sephora    best christmas presents ever but soooo hard to decide upon something!
you ever get one of those moods where you wanna hug someone? i have that mood   but there's no one around to hug d:
"cold   why? no idea  two sweatshirts, t-shirt, sweatpants, fuzzy socks and two fleece blankets: what's wrong with me?"
please rain   stay away   or dry up right away!
i've got a busy five months ahead of me!
has been officially accepted to uw whitewater! woo!
having really stupid moods lately    sorry to anyone i've offended  :<
high point of my day? drawing a triforce on the back of my phone with a gold sharpi  paint pen    oh nerdlyness    
"i love it when people text you and forget words so all you get is something like, \i and there you?\""  laugh """
hmmm   burgundy hair   interesting color though not what i was looking for! oh well  laugh 
doncha' just love it when creep-os comment on things?
"cool, gonna stay home and play video games aaaaall day!"
"dear stomach,\if you start hurting again, i'm afraid we'll have to get a divorce  sorry   but i can't deal with the abuse any longer \~claire"
"having your parent as your boss sucks majorly, lemme' tell ya    d:<"
nerding out    how? sorting old pokemon cards  oh yes  if anyone wants to get rid of theirs i'll gladly take 'em!
"busy week this week    blah, i just want to sleep through it all   "
"i was just about to put a nice status up    but my father barged in and commanded  me to go to bed (yes commanded, not asked nicely, or asked at all    just \go to bed \"")    happy mood ruined  d:<"""
i want to kill nataly <propfemale> and steal her voice   yes    
"love of mine some day you will die, but i'll be close behind  i'll follow you into the dark    (because 1  i love that song 2  it's stuck in my head 3  i never post song lyrics and 4  it's true )"
applying for fafsa atm    so fun     >>
"you know what's annoying?  when you're on your laptop and your mother looks over your shoulder and starts asking questions about what you're doing    \oh who is that? what are those pictures from?\"" uuuuuurlge"""
blaaaah! getting sick! thanks sack!
searchin' for stuff to buy for a certain someone's birthday   
anyone know where i could find a large wooden crate? preferably under $20   but free would be best  laugh 
why am i so damn tired all the time d:
holy crap   there is a hawk in my back yard   eating a bird    lol oh wisconsin!
"ugh    stupid people are stupid  aye, 'tis what i say     "
zombies   more and more people are falling in love with them everyday  don't deny the truth!
i really dislike uninformed people who think they know everything    x x
so someone came looking for me at my house while i was gone    no idea who it was    weeeeeird   
"how pathetic can one person be? i mean, i already miss him and he only left like 10 minutes ago   annoyed "
just ordered my prooom dress   laugh 
"ooooh man, revelation! the world does not revolve around you and, yes, it's okay for you to have a different opinion than other people, it's not a criminal offense, dear "
"    cool, thanks migraine for making my day complete    "
"sick, sick   and still, sick  why couldn't i have been sick like    two weeks ago or something    not this week  d:"
mmmm cheeze    
there's nothing like coming home from school and changing into a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt 
"i wish i could live a make believe life with my pretend friends and pretend boyfriends, but i'm sooo unlucky   i only have real friends and a real boyfriend  sad   lol!"
