9dde86a6dd0084399446abe345c6be62
is attempting to watch a movie   attempting
cant wait to get out of this place
has an interview tomorrow and will be back in michigan by next wednesday   probably  yay!
had an interview   who knows  me on a phone interview sounds very similar to a retarded hyena
"last day of work today, definitely looking forward to 7"
is finally back in michigan  feels good!
hates having to clean up the messes i make in the kitchen
is getting the hookup at mangiamos hopefully its going to go somewhere
"finished my first day of \work\"" not too bad"""
i wish i didnt have to work i really want to see the end of michigan state totally beating michigan!   sad
"has a cold that seems to be getting progressively worse   seriously, i am working at mangiamo's for one week and i'm already sick and feeling like a slacker   fml"
"is totally going to win the pumpkin carving contest at work   until now, i probably just jinxed it"
just got back from the hospital where i had to get stitches in my hand   possibly the worst day ever  i need some strong pain killers right about now
cant decide which feels worse; the stiches or the tetanus shot  sad 
"saw the nutcracker and it was really good, totally going again next year"
has stitches in her thumb yet again
took the stitches out and my thumb looks like crap now   just what i wanted
good luck usa and canada
"i don't think its possible for me to be more frustrated, annoyed or angry   and i still have to work tonight so yay"
just need 4 more clicks on the coop if you know what i mean  wink 
can't believe crosby was the one to win it for them   sad
the sickness is slowly starting to go away   about time
hates when you start to fell better only to become more sick than when you started
is not eating ice cream for at least a month  hudsonville was fun but i think i'll be full for a month 
hoping michigan state takes out tennessee
2 days until wicked   so excited
that stupid poker game   im   just so pissed off
theres just so much hope *tear*
stupid hershey is still screwing me over! how can you not fax me my w-2? id say thats more secure then just popping it in the mail 
oh glee   you're already pissing me off  it's going to be a long season 
world pastry cup tryouts at cc this weekend! excited!
mrs  potato head   a carrot baby?! not cool   not cool!
"well the parents are officially divorced apparently judging by my moms \single status\""   weird"""
gvsu graduations + mangiamos means fml
no more darts for a while my arm is killing me!
have you not heard? it's my understanding that everyone's heard    
oh that woomba snatchcleaner
"sleep   what a wonderful, wonderful prospect"
<propfemale> white's on snl in ten minutes   so excited
nobody likes a dry muffin
"no more work for at least 36 hours   thats nice, real nice"
"i'm just ap, thats how i roll bia"
my gnomes got his street cred now
i just ate a grape
they call me mellow yellow   
"rent is starting in less than half an hour, the set looks amazing and i'm so excited "
rent was capital a amazing!
just finished the book you dirty birdy   
well even though my arm is killing me my wii addiction is getting the best of me   i don't know how to control myself!
fejnch quarter amells like weed in her    hmmm
it's weird that you can sleep in a waterbed for years but still forget the best way to get in and out of one
no work til next week   what a wonderful thing
just got back from the steampunk convention   definitely had a good time
of course my day had to finish with a nice policewoman writing me a ticket   awesome
paying close to $1500 to fix my car so i'm officially not going to have a life for a few months
<propfemale> won game one woot woot
someday my sunburned legs will stop hurting without the help of five pounds of aloe
"that was a close call  i dont like tornadoes touching down only a mile away from me, no i dont"
going golfing and hopefully shaking off some stress   yea that'll be the day
once you go black you go deaf
"\cool whip!\""\",9dde86a6dd0084399446abe345c6be62,why must they always have some humane society commercial on when i watch tv? im already broke and i cant afford to keep getting roped into saving all these animals and yet i still do   oh those clever clever tv commercial maker people
"why are spiders so sneaky? they wait until youre helpless and in bed and then they make their move and take you by surprise and then if you arent already freaked out they disappear and then you are left wondering where they are lurking waiting to strike again and then you cant really just lay back down because they are prepared for that   tricky, tricky spiders!"
free slurpies for everyone!!
more important than slurpies however   my dutch are totally winning the world cup!
alright im officially beyond my breaking point with these spiders! they are attacking me in the shower now! see!! they wait until youre at your weakest and make their move  evil douchey spiders
apparently <propfemale> powell and i were at the same party   toatallly weird
really cant handle it sometimes   
><  p  emo smiley   figure it out
supreme diggity
and then there was work   again
never realized how boring relaxing is
childrens hospital is on tonight   awesomeness!
"to stop watching diners, drive-ins and dives at night its like a sick form of torture"
yo soy a trabajar   yay
pickle making commences in t minus 20 minutes
finally done pickling for the night! but i still have to make my spicy pickles tomorrow night   totally looking forward to it
"dress shopping was a success, awesomeness"
should not have taken that nap earlier  now im wide awake and due at work in less than 8 hours   boo
hope you like prison food and penis
is closing all of her bank accounts and going off the grid   this is just getting ridiculous 
has a dog taking up 3 4 of my bed and a cat paw on my face   lovely
loves her some tree babies
i guess its off to mulligans and then farahs
what a good time i had sleeping through my entire day
   that is all
"jc: i'm mexican, i got the swine"
just got back from a very   interesting night out and is totally ready for some sleep
<propfemale> says: and maybe i have a thing for j    
well i guess with that last play by msu means i officially get to brag   heh heh heh
8 guess 230 os a good time for tacos!
"and <propfemale> <propfirst> will one day control the masses using the power of their gaggle of monkey bats   that's right, they will be a gaggle"
"when life gives you lemons, you put them in a pillowcase and beat the crap out of all of the stupid people giving you those lemons"
i love my patriots
"nicole: i have 4g up here that's crazy  do you know what the g means?\me: no\nicole: me either   "
helping where you can makes you feel much better than a little extra money in your pocket ever will
"this is love my sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! post if you have an amazing sister!"
"$5 75 drink at bdubs\$9 50 ticket for midnight screening of paranormal activity 2\sitting in the very front row with scared stacy   priceless"
birthday drinking at farahs woot woot
i met lgdhgaaga
where's the morning after drinking dislike button?
waking up today i decided <propfemale> is my favorite person ever   no work makes <propfemale> a happy girl
cant wait until i can quit my job  it's overly ridiculous now
is about to spend the next hour and a half pumping blood out of my body   yay
why can i never like greys anatomy for more than one episode?! i mean really   wtf
"it's snowing! only a <propfemale> bit but you can see it, yay!"
annonymous: \because i asked her to hook me up with someone," is that a bad thing?\""\"9dde86a6dd0084399446abe345c6be62,this new 'see friendship' thing on facebook creeps me out just a <propmale> bit
"omg, has anybody ever noticed that kid rock and snoop dogg look completely alike   only different races obviously  but still   weird"
first day at bluewater woot
and so i became a multi-job person   im not sure how i feel about this anymore haha
"and i blame video, for killing the radio <propfemale>"
look! it's gojira!!!
get to work and there's no power   got to love the waiting game
"painting bathroom #1   forgot how hard painting actually was between the taping, and unscrewing and painting above your head    curse trading spaces for making me believe it happened so fast"
"pre-thanksgiving cooking, check, enough time to actually have a little bit of energy for actual thanksgiving cooking   not a <propmale>"
good turkey always ends with a patchy recollection of the days events thanks to on and off sleeping   but its always worth it
"look at your status, now back to mine, now back to yours, now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine  but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down, back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like  i'm on a computer "
on my way to the msu basketball game woot
"hat a sad sad day it is, rip <propfirst> nielson, i'll be watching some mr  magoo in your honor"
may the force be with you <propmale> kershner
yay snow on the ground its officially okay for me to leave for florida now
florida bound in t-minus   2 hours and 48 minutes
"is at somewhere near 30,000 feet in the air right now   weird"
well this is just getting boring   
just got back from universal  the wizzarding world of <propmale> potter was actually pretty cool and ill just admit it   i got a wand   
"hitting up tampa today, going to be a fun one"
well its alright rained a little bit today but i'm on my way to magic kingdom so i'm not going to let it bring me down
pluto 23
in line for splash mountain   what was i thinking  sad 
"who's going to see captain eo today? that's right, bout to get my old school mj on"
i'm really hating mgm like with a passion
riding home first class   not a bad ending to a good vacation
i can see the snow on the ground   maybe we could just not land and head back to florida   
"\so then i had to figure out how to move a bunch of wet tampon boxes   \"" love quality time with my sister"""
the vobs line a giant orgy   eierd
rum and vodka with a splash of sprite
"my dad just used the term \double-bagger\""   too weird"""
"oh little kidney stone, why must you come and pick the perfect time to ruin my life?"
well i lost 4 lbs overnight   not as happy about that as you would think
"best conversation starter ever! annoyed \\elves live forever!\""   awesome"""
woot woot green and yellow
   why did somebody decide to make a new hobbit movie? now im learning about the differences in elf clans or whatever   im not even involved in this conversation and i feel like a complete nerd
stacy: throwing bows? i just thought it meant throwing rainbows   like everythings okay   
"four days of work down, probably eleven more to go before my next day off   hopefully"
how is it possible to work eight days a week and still have no money
"i lied, eight days down, at least twelve to go   bleh"
found an awesome new apartment i could be moving into in april  crossing my fingers monday goes good
longest five minutes of my life right now   
i officially have my own apartment now
"t minus 11 hours and 36 minutes until i see battle: los angeles   oh yea, so excited"
"fyi, battle: los <propfemale> was amazing"
"why msu, why are you determined to lose?"
how in the world did i manage to get thursday night off without even asking?!
"szamb and coley, taking the lanes by storm   or light mist   "
"stacy: nobody actually likes kashi \me: i like kashi   \stacy: thats because youre a a hippie!\me:   "
"about to go see sucker punch, so excited!"
totally in love with greys right now
work work work   yay   
