340f2e70c8a936d480a2ff53554be9b0
so tired   ready for a nap
whew it's about that time people! sleepy time  smile  i hope everyone had a great weekend!
goodnight fb!
"why is it that everytime you think   it too good to be true   it usually is! in the words of late mr  <propmale> \ it makes me wanna scream!\"""""
it is so true that - god makes your enemies your foot stool!  smile  i told you to stop messing with god's child!
i love mondays! feeling refreshed
not feeling well today    getting sick at the wrong time! go away cold!
"ok, so today we suppose to get snow right? i dont think so! nooo, i'm not ready  lol  not ready for  snow boots, unshoveled sidewalks, unsalted side streets, and getting up extra early to warm up and scrap ice off the car! lol"
"whew what a day! fb fam   why is it that kids take kindness for weakness, then when you show out   they look at you crazy  lol"
cant sleep   lol   too much thinking! time to let go and let god! goodnight  morning fb!
"<propfemale> christmas fb fam! wishing you and your families a very <propfemale> christmas! remember what really important on this day    jesus, healthy family and great friends! all of which i have   i love you all and see you soon!  smile "
happy new year fb! be safe out there and take some time to give god the <propfemale> tonight! be grateful!  smile  love you all and see you in the new year!
its amazing   the things you discover about yourself when you are really tested   
up since 6 and already need a nap!  smile   6 more hours to go!
what a day! i need to get out tonight fb fam! any suggestions!  smile 
yeaaaa! my saints are going to the super bowl! new orleans and bourbon street here i come!  smile 
soooo happy its spring break!!! no kids for a whole week! i just dont know how you parents do it   kudos to the parents!  smile 
happy birthday to my bff   its been a long time coming but you've made it thus far   now its time to crack open this big bottle of hen and get it in!    
vegas here i come  one more day left!
hello fbfs   question   b-day is coming up (aug 25)  dont know what to do for the big day   any suggestions?
to my fbf   thanks for the b-day wishes   i really did have a wonderful 30th  i would love for you all to come out and celebrate with me on sat @ union park 228 south racine avenue   its nothing huge   very laid back   just meet me up there around 7
wishing all my fb fam   merry christmas and a happy new year!   yes i'm getting it in early!  smile 
joke for today-------> what do you get when you cross a fedex driver and a ups driver? -----> fed up!     ha ha ha    lol   kids say the darnest things!
