10dc0d451e0c9b8904f28349da999fc7
kinda be glad when this xmas is over   
getting ready for a nap   merry christmas!
disapointed about working the whole week   but it is more money   
exhauseted  s glad that tomrrow is friday and i get t rest  maybe
eye is still nasty looking and my knee is sprained  on crutches for the fifth time   ugh!
this weekend will be a long one   hoping to get everything done i need to!
working today without getting paid for it    fml!
"tired of apologizing   im done  you want to talk, figure out a way to get ahold of me "
going to fayetteville for the weekend  yay   ?
went sledding today  how i miss being a kid!
tgif   tomorrow! any plans for superbowl sunday anyone?
excited about this weekend   hope i dont get my hopes up for nothing
so tonight wasn't at all what i wanted it to be   seems i can't have a life wherever i go   o well
excited about fri   then frustrated about sat  hope i find one!
one down   9 more to go!
soccer game   kicked ass! beat the best team in the league! so happy   couple of bruised ribs later tho  o well   smile 
today is gonna be tough    but i'm a champ so i'm gonna make it through!
wishing he would just call me or email me again   
hoping i find a good house this tomorrow   
"love how ignorant \joes\"" get ahold of your phone and post stupid things and think they're funny    """
hoping friday goes well   wish me luck!
here i go    wish me luck!
fuck the people at meps!!!!
"amazed at by all the guys that were out tonight, none were really worth giving a second look    sad!"
"i'm not a negative person but honestly, the only way my life could get any worse would b if i got struck by lightning! fml!!!"
"pray that when i walk out of this building in 3 hrs, i'll have a giant smile on my face and relief off my back!!"
"after all that shit, i'm almost there  it's almot over!!!"
this drastic weather change has got me feeling ill      sad 
20 innings and then lost to the mets?! seriously please wake me up !!
so glad i'm only working 3 days this week!!
o and i need to find 3 muscular guys to help my friend load stuff into a moving truck saturday   anyone? please?
got my job reserved and finally know my ship out date    yay!!!
$300 later    
so i leave sept 08    
had a great night  one word     wow!
just changed my flight so i could stay and watch my lil sis's softball practice  i think it made her day  i can't wait to see her!
in zombie mode    need to recooperate from this weekend and it's only sat!
chili is gonna be good today! with some pie for dessert   yummuy
"pissed off, went for a run, guys are stupid and worthless   but the chili is good!"
tired of stupid things that keep happening in my life   maybe it's a sign
"don't feel so well   lying down, can't really move"
excited about this weekend!
so much fun! in such a great mood!
last night was fun   but really can't remember a time when i have ever been to waffle house at 4 smile 0 am and not drunk     sad  lol
cant wait til thursday!!! really kinda hoping he doesn't leave cuz he's so much fun to <propfemale> out with 
so the cuts on my leg are infected   guess regular soap isnt that great of a disinfectant afterall   another trip to the doc  lol
sushi was so amazing tonight   been too long! 2 more days!
dood  go fucking shit in your hand! haha priceless
can't sleep  made myself look like a crazy girl  not acting myself  one more day to get through and then be around friends and family  he's a 10 and i'm a 5  fuck it  i'm just gonna be myself now 
laying on the sidewalk in front myy apt    drink can't move
wow last night was something else   can't wait to get home in a couple hrs and have dinner with my fav person in the world!
i've really only been back an hr and it's already frickin raining    grrr!
my going away party at tylers sat night! gonna be amazing!
almost kinda wishing i would have stayed in nc    this is bs!!
last night was fun  had a dance off and definately got my workout in  now know i  truly am an alcoholic when i can drink half a bottle of crown and still not be drunk! haha
cardinals game tonight!! so excited!!
on my way back to nc    back to warm weather and <propfemale> days!!
stuck on the plane in stl    some light came on but apparently it's no big deal   no way no way!!
back in fville getting ready to take a nap in my bed   wish i could fold it up and take it with me everywhere!
my poor daddy   he deserves so much more in life!    sad 
sign up for classes tomorrow   hope i get what i need!
screw stupid assholes!! i'm done   i miss you <propfirst>!
kinda excited about later tonight      smile 
hmmm    wink 
looking for something fun to do tomorrow night   anyone?
mmm    red oak so good! 1 down 11 to go!
10   now 9   getting there
8   7  should probably stop
i need someone to snuggle with     sad 
just dropped $300 at rei for next weekend    damn but it's gonna be awesome!
getting drunk tonight cuz tired of people using my shit and breaking it and doing stupid things   get some effing common sense and respect for someone elses thigns!
still needing a snuggle partner    
jaeger bombs   lemon drops   buttery nipples   jello shots!! haha
yajoo   its a new web browser   haha
just woke up with a crazy fever   this is not good  have to be able to work this week!
"lying down   started feeling bad again  one day down, 3 more to go!"
excited about this weekend then june 3 when the new season of burn notice starts!!
need to get my priorities straight    head is becoming a little cloudy
tired of liking someone and the feeling isn't mutual     it's total bs!
one more day   then get stuff ready for this weekend!
need to find someone to watch my loving dog fr 2 days while i'm gone  i'll pay! can anyone help me?
got tickets to the country throwdown for fri   person that was supposed to go with me isnt so i have extra  anyone wanna go?
barracks bed    yea not so comfortable  no sleep for me   sad  o well
i'll never let a mother fucker bring me down   
i love k-9 handlers  they are so cool 
beach today yay!!
just found out i don't get to see him in july    kinda no really upset about it    sad 
grilling out at my apt anyone is welcome to stop by   plenty of food
wishing it was thursday already   bought me some new sunglasses today!
"now that i have a certain person out of my life, i seem to livig a happier life   feels great!"
$400 gone for 2 tires     sad 
got my dream sunglasses now am taking the others back   screw oakley native is so much better!!
another long work week   had a blast at the beach!
are you sure i'm a tiger?i feel like one viscous  koaola bear?! ahahha
really wanting to go to <propmale>'s dominion this weekend   anyone else wanna go too?
ranch tonight and no work til monday!!!
"loves how all people are two-faced   if you wanna talk shit, grow a pair and say it to my face!"
missing 2 things right now; my bed and a certain someone  wink 
i can't believe how much the ranch sucks tonight!! no cute guys at all! wtf?!
done with work for the week   almost back to fville   
less than 12 hrs til my security interview for te army!!  a little nervous! <propmale> i find out for sure!
"so depending on how 4pm goes today, might be going out to celebrate or drink my sorrows away  thinking paddy's either way "
not feeling myself lately   
tired of the same old games people play   grow up!
getting that email made my entire week!!
3 <propmale> in 100 degree weather   not the brightest idea but have to get in shape!! now wanting to throw up  ugh!
can't sleep   what happened earlier has got me worried now    annoyed 
fuck it i'm gonna drink and dance even tho the dr said to take it easy
i could really use a wish right now   
why is everyone being gay tonight?
it's 6 am and just got home   and i didn't drink a drop! i'm proud of myself  i'm improving 
no one really knows   
going to the beach today  gonna get tan!
soccer is a dangerous sport to play barefoot on the beach   back on crutches  took a perc an feeling good but hungry  met some hot guys from england though   mmm!
broken foot+ crown+ undefeated champ of beer pong = good night but bad morning   foot is kinda sucking! but it was fun!
family bailed on me  have a house in fl for a week july 19-24   have room for 4 people to go  anyone?
sad my dad leaves early <propmale>    still needing people for fl   
22 yrs old and saw a shooting <propfemale> for the 1st time in my life last night    pretty cool 
"forget girls being scandalous, guys are way worse and even better; they think they're being smooth about it! ha!!!!"
fl is great  house is huge! learned how to surf today  got some sun   some are missing out when they could be here  o well i'm gonna live it up!
got home at 4am   6 5 hrs from fl   great timing especially for all the cops that were out   bed for a couple hrs then up to pack!
stuck and my girl is leaving me today for a concert  what am i gonna do?
gonna have my lil bonfire in a lil bit   hehe
"just deleted everyone from my phone so if i haven't talked to you within the past month, u r deleted  "
tonight was a good night    nice to have him back home     smile 
really wished that work wasn't so slow this week   need money to pay bills!
feel like crap! and i didn't even drink that much  wish i could <propfemale> out with a certain someone  
everyone in fville   go to logans tonight and tomorrow night and sit in <propfemale>'s section an give her a big fat tip!!
going 150 on the back of a bike was crazy fun last night!! love going that fast
"bored today   another long work week ahead   i'm done with certain people, just leave me alone!"
i'm done playing games with little boys    can i find a man please?
so glad i talked to him tonight     laugh  all smiles!!
pissed!! nothing can't seem to ever go right in my life    grr thinking about getting drunk tonight now!
"just booked my flight home   can't wait to see my daddy, dog and all my friends!!"
trying to figure out what to do today    so many options   
"don't understand if someone has a problem with you, why can't they just man up and say the shit to your face  instead they act like a bitch and spread shit around to other people   wtf?!"
tired of feeling like i can't do anything right anymore  fuck it!! i don't care anymore 
"fuck it! i'm done  done with all guys! they're all assholes that screw you over one way or another, except for one that's halfway across the world right now  i just wish he would come back already!"
made a big decision this morning   
hate that my dads work takes advantage of him and makes him come into work on a frickin sunday   that's just bs!
pt test this morning   didn't <propmale> out but did pretty well   glad it's over and ready to go home now!
excited! headed to the airport to go visit everyone home for the last time before i get shipped out   i'll miss you while i'm gone roomie and lil mini me!
chillin tonight    big day tomorrow!
champagne night in bville with <propfirst>    maybe shoot off some fireworks   good times!
going effing crazy cuz these damn dogs won't stfu so i can take an effing hour nap!! i'm going to hurt them soon   
wild country tonight with my besties! gonna go to a real country bar  maybe fireworks at tylers after   running on 3 hrs of sleep    but il make it!
cards game tonight!! so excited!
cards won 5-1    yay fun times!! still hvent been to a game when they lost   back home to drink some more! bbq <propmale> with everyone!
on my way back to nc    roomie is picking me up   bck to work <propmale>
no work today  just working <propmale> and thurs this week  new stuff delivered on fri!
"people dont know the whole story   and when they don't give me a <propmale> to e playful lain, its frustrating and i'm done  just leave me alone then!"
debating on whether i want to waste the money to drive to work tomorrow    wish things could be easier 
no work today   last night= overall pretty good  had fun  excited about this weekend
deciding what to do tonight   maybe movie with some popcorn later? hmm  
who am i trying to kid?! it doesn't even matter anymore   
wed and thurs nights were great   now these past couple nights have been awkwrd   wtf?! i give up!
chillin at home   long day tomorrow  got a lot done today   feeling accomplished  : ) although wishing someone was here right now   
eating sushi one last time before i go   one week exactly and counting! nervous but excited!
short day today   then back to fville   ranch tonight for very last time!! i'm gonna miss it!
didnt get much sleep last night  dragging   not sure if i'll go out if i still feel this way     : (
this is bs!! why do they wait til right before i'm supposed to ship out to start shit?!
"thanks to my sisters bf, i got fucked out of everything i had going with the army   lost everything! not in a good mood at all   "
could really use a friend to get my mind off what i'm thinking about doing    
thinking about going to the pool  work on my tan for a little bit 
"pool, driving range, cooking some dinner   good day   hope i get to see someone later   : )"
wanted to <propfemale> out with someone   tried but no success   guess he's too busy for me today 
craving a good taco salad    anyone know a good place in fayetteville that i can get one?
