64bc87e1c324fbbe8c569c1f4261a171
my new years resolution     gt better grades cuz that d in bio is killing me lol 
(i just watched the racist family on the <propfemale> show)i have friends of many different backgrounds   who are they to be gudging people by how they look really bad racial profiling it's just not right i'm a african american 14 year old and to hear this makes me wonder where has the world gone these days what would trigger someone - all this stuff really upsets me and i am greatly offended 
lovin <propfemale> minaj on youtube 
going to the movies today with my bf cieara 
i'm getting really mad bcuz the pic uploader is rebeling on me uggggghhhhh!
ft myers high school!
goin to the movies>(princess and the frog)w cieara peace
im about to go to sleep i start my first job tomorow and i have to get up at wat? around 6 or 7 ish 
"i started band camp(aka band practice) today att ft  myers high  it was kool , really hot, bt ok um a greenie now, and a freshmen lmao"
getting ready for the game vs  bishop verot 
"im wonderful glad todays friday i have soooo much to do tomorw including shoppin(heeeeeey, hollla)oh and i just saw new lil <propmale> pic(w out hair), im in shock !"
just came frm visiting my aunt in the hospital
"i am soooo bored i can't wait for tomorrow tho instead of the usual tradition of turkey and stuffing etc>my family is having a chinese buffet at our house(alot of chinese food , not an actual buffet)  it's guna b soooooo awesome!"
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got done trying out french fries and fried hot dogs it was pretty gud but a lil salty !
"loves ft myers high  go greenwave!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!********(don't hate, participate)"
can't wait for 2morrow white days are the best oh i also can't wait for the all_ <propfemale> game this thursday the band has to perform without practice(tottaly frm memory) i think we'll all catch on tho(hopefully) i'm scared!!!!!!!!!! smile 
"my bad, the all_star game is this wednesday oh and don't 4get to check out our carwash at the ft myers ale house this saturday to support the greenwave marching band!!!!yay!"
happy holidays eveyone!(be safe)
glad my band class is over today because i almost caught a case!
drake- uptown
forget me not
just watched forget me not and it's awesome (9 5 10)
"does anyone know how to get to the \tagged\"" games? """
blackout is awesome!
blackout-4 2 5
just watched x-men and it's still as awesome as it was in 2000
about to go get my lil brother tj i get to keep him until next saturday he'ss soooo k-ute 
"\call me mr  cinemax  i'll shoot yahh like a movie roll\"" -ace hood """
i'm goin to c 'the <propfemale> and the frog' saturday with one of my bf's cieara 
rihanna- rockstar 101 got up in the club posted in the back feelin' so good lookin' so bad rockin' this skirt rockin' this glove got my middle finger up i don't really give a fuck rockin' these diamonds im rockin this chain make sure you get a picture ima rockin' my fame to be what you is you gotta be what you are only thing i'm missing is a black guitar
"happy new year to everyone stay safe and make this new fresh start a big one   do your best and be the best you can be!!!!    ( to my selected few & family)---\ i love you thank you for everything, you have made me who i am and helped me along the way  never have you given up on me- thank you!!!!\ haaaaaaaappy neeeeeeew yeeeeeeeeeeeear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
ballin on a budget      lol!!!!!!!!
titanic just came on      maybe <propfirst> will live this time!!!
the titanic     again  it never gets old!!!
"looking up sum sites for free piano sheet music, any help?"
"loving school right now can't wait till next year i hate next semester tho, they're tryna put me in rotc(thats not happening) tryna stay in piano class instead "
chillin tryna watch sum madear n eat sum dinter curz it's derliciours lol 
just ate mashed potatoes with sausage links nd syrup ummmmm!
"can't wait till it warms up on another subject im tottaly in love with bow wow, tyga,and channing <propfemale> rite now idk y?!"
i am a divine original fashioned by god to be radiantly beautiful      (things i learned):1)money is the root of evil 2)money talks 3)when money goes love goes
low towdow watch out now it's the little one and it's not bow wow                                                                        -madea lol 
loving life and(trying to) living it to the fullest !
chillin with the family later today 
"yesterday i had a dream that <propfirst> lautner died and i wouldn't eat , sleep or anything and then i died 3 days after scary!"
feelin sick !
at che's ready to celebrate her sweet 16    but where is everyone?not here yet ugggh  sum ppl cnt ever be on time lol!!!!
omg gpt my perm in my head nd it's already burnin it dosen't matter if i scratch it or not i still always get burned 
"this new fb <propfemale> is killin me i mean yall knw um slow lolz lukin up how to write an ode for creative writing, and again i'm slow ugh "
go greenwave-district champs in your face wwwwwwhhhhhhoooooooooo!!!!!party in the wave cave!!!!!!
jr  parade today was kinda boring   but im looking forward to the actual <propmale> parade it'll be longer and hoepfully much funner but something that's still making me smile     ft myers high school boys basketball- the district champs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"this is one of those \idk\"" days hugggh>"""
o my favoroite vid?guess  ?  ?         ?    ?     ?   ?  chris brown ft  swizz beatz nd lil wayne(i can transform ya)- duuuuhhhhh!!!!!!!
"i saw old freinds nelisa and <propfemale> yesterday,makes me really miss middle school in ms nauss' bad class i also saw my buddies lovejoy, <propfemale>, and jabrina repn them dunbar tigers, i aint guna lie i was a certified hater last night cuz' dunbar killed it, lolz but bump that cuz' um repn that greenwave yeeeeaaaahhhh "
i love lil' wayne >>!!!!!!!!!!
"lil' <propmale> ft  <propfemale> minaj- knockout   so 1000 , soooo sick, soooo hym "
"who has more money, lil <propmale> or p diddy?    vote!!!!!!!"
"ft  myers high school boys' basketball wins ,again !!!!!!!!!!!!!yea  dats that greeeeeeeeeenwaaaaaaaaaveeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
pllease add me on youtube com fashiongirl31395
chillin' like a villain making a killin'  ya digg!
"what it do? it's friday! hallelujah ,cuz i was gettin tired of seein some of the people @ ft myers high !lolz "
rep yo city!( be proud and tell everybody where you reppin') inquiring minds wanna know !
i just saw usher ft nick minaj- little freak vid wow 
random question of the day:---------- what who are you: a goon or a gobler  hustler or a g plies status or <propmale> bush status  what who are you:nicki minaj or beyonce  pretty girl or a classy girl  snake or a <propfemale> 
still trippin off last night  block party by the stars was so crunk and live  i had the time of my life  thank god for that and letting me see another day(easter) 
life-no words can describe it it just is what it is 
can u blieve sum chick approached me today and started yelling saying dati was mean rude and stuck up  r u serious  evn though a few words came to my mind to tell her i was speechless  for everyone who knws me  be honest  am i rude mean or suck up?
the chick didnt evn knw me  i sure dnt knw her  she betta be lucky i wasnt evn n the mood for fighting cuz she wouldve gt it lolz no seriously  i wouldve went in <propfemale> shannana n <propfemale> mode shoot she must nt knw 
in the skul auditorium listenin to drop the world
no offense bt get real  a bih called me like 14 times  nd said well if they knew i didnt wnt to talk they wuldve stoppd callin  i didnt pick up duh dat shouldve been ur hint definitly foolin it 
wishing a good night to all the girls attending the father daughter dance have a great night  special shout out to cache and rokia my sisters frm another mother  i love yall like a fat kid loves cake  4 <propfemale> 
bout to feed my face just gt done watchn my mama get her micros done  wanna give a shout out to all my fb friends 
almost forgot  um still buggin off the prism concert at skul       any comments             
"i get up at 4:15 my brother came home at 4:25 they heard the door open bt they didnt know who it was he wanted to suprise them n when they came out their rm he hid in the livin room whre i was but he 4got that we have 2mirrors in there so they could see him they kept askin me bt i was stuck so my mom said \i know you aint got no boy in here\"" nd my dad came out n saw it was my brother  i almost got killed>lolz """
the bigger they are the harder they fall  if you got the nerve to hit me then i got the nerve to knock yo as* out 
fear is greater than love and silence is louder than words 
um mad  my mama just woke me up out of a peacfull sleep to get a shoe box out of the car r u serious !
family is a mess  if you cn say i hve one  i still love you bt now you are gettin whats been comin to you for two years  now you feel her pian  now you understand  im not saying that whats happenin is right  all i know is that its in gods hands and i have nothing more to say but may god bless you 
i love b o b
it's funny how fear is stronger than love  but when you love someone you put away the fear of being hurt 
life is a mess  it could always be worse even though it may not seem that way  build a bridge and get over it  cuz it is true that wat doesn't kill you makes you stronger  things may be bad but son't sit in your sorrow too long or you won't make it out  take it from someone who knows  i put the best on the outside cuz i dnt wnt anyone to ask me wats wrong  then i won't have to answer 
i am so thankfull for    life!
"here are 10 facts about? you \1 you're reading my post\2 now your thinking that's a stupid fact \4 you didn't notice that i skipped 3 \5 you're checking it now \6 you're smiling \7 you're still reading my post\8 you know all you have read is true \10 you didn't notice i skipped 9 \11 you're checking now \12 you didn't notice there only supposed to be 10 facts"
if i died tomorrow what one thing would you want me to know?
i'm soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
youtube com fashiongirl31395 check me out !
at cache's house playing wii and on the comp as you can tell !
i am an official and proud supporter of the free weezy act  free weezy  freezy weezy  free weezy 
bou to go back to bed  ugh  todays one of those good old white days uggh nice 
today uma walk in ft myers with booty shorts and a t shirt with spaghetti straps and c how long i last  uma start counting as soon as i walk in the skul doors  i wanna c what ms cort <propfemale> does lol  um just playin i do not wanna die at an early age 
free weezy
im thinkin of startin a free weezy fan <propfemale>  anyone guna join?
bout o eat sum rice crispies with a bunch of sugar        and yes         cereal are good in the afternoon! free weezy
craz rajs are about to blow up in the music business  look for great stuff in the future            -craz rajs managment(ashante and cache)
free weezy !
free weezy!
free weezy  bout to go in the mall to get sum chinese 
i love my sister keana <propfirst>  my tater tot 
"hoy es muy importante hacer ejercicio  no debes mantenerte en forma  simplemente para estar guapo  para estudiar y trabajar mejor, debes entrenarte y relajarte  las personas necesitan hacer ejercicio y levantar pesas para entrenarse bien  es importante estirarse antes de hacer ejercicio  las personas que levantan pesas normalmente viven anos  (cuz um gud like dat, ya digg)"
"don't you hate it when people only come to church on easter and christmas new year  omg you aint came to church all year, all of a sudden you want to start praising the lord   mannn    buscar <propfemale> pasatiempo   lames lol "
when is the time to stop runnin and let go?
<propfemale> jacquet es no mi amiga  <propfemale> es a rude person 
"my bff's: <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> amundsen, cache <propfirst>, <propfemale> jacquet, keana <propfirst>, and ja'tierani jiles  i love mu sisters "
i also love my bff and sister shakura <propmale>  sorry boo 
playin dominos n cards wit the fam while the food cook  havin fun winning 
haha omg lol kyt smiley faces xo lmfao 
f*** you  get a life                                  free weezy
"life  it's a journey, it's a mess, it doesn't always go your way  sometimes you have a nice ride, sometimes it's a bumpy ride  it takes you places you never could imagine and  it get's on your nerves   but no matter what     you make it through because you have friends that care about you that will guide you and join your journey"
"i hate <propfemale> yes i do, i hate <propfemale> how bout' you!!!!!!!wooooooooo!!!!!31395 "
i hate cache yes i do    i hate cache how bout you     yeeeeeeeaaahhhhh   wooooo!!!
"happy birthday or happy late birthday? to jasil hall, my sistaa !"
are you a five <propfemale> chick?
why i gotta be a b*tch?     why i can't be a bad b*tch?
facebook is getting waaaaaaaayyyyyyy to slow!!!!!! might just be my comp but i think otherwise!lol 
free weezy                         keana i hope you have a gud day     its ur last day on house arrest   c u tomorw     
in school
turances b day   hes such a gooked up lame   lol    happy b day turance  
in class bored as a mutha   nothing to do       no exam       ugh i never thought my last days would be this boring         o well      free weezy    cheeaaa    ya digg    
me lexi n tierani in the audi being bored      
i cant stand creep chicks  smile in yo face and talk behind yo back  they say you said this and that           i dont do fake and creep chicks or dudes for that matter     consider this ur ultimatum     cuz um thru witcha    hit the bricks chick u cnt be no friend of mine    deuces!
keep my name out yo mouth       
kean aka tater tot and i hope you know that i would never do that to you    remember keep in check   luv ya
you can do your best to do right but that dosent mean that the people around you wil take the great example  do what you cn  no matter what life will take its course  make sure you know who your real friends are   bcuz your best friend can turn ino your greates enemy  
just straightened my hair with oil sheen yall um lukin like beyonce and <propfemale> b all in one lol 
so annoyed  ready to go crazy  ready to spaz  ready to pull my hair out and scream until i fall over and croak  that's how bad it is 
im goin ham how bout you?
2 hardest exams today-biology and spanich i think i did gud on spanish i got a 66 on bio hey dats passing  idk if ipassed the class tho  tomorw is algebra1 and band  my two easiest classes  thank you jesus the year is almost over  now lets hope my mama dont kill me for that grade      trying to go ham   i think i failed     
hoping i dont have to take online biology over the summer   i tried hard   bt maybe it wasnt enough      imma pray   yall just pray for me   
happy birthday rojers  imma miss all my besties i love yall and stay in touch  
chuckin up the deuces  imma miss yall   but the ones i love the most i will see over the summer   duhh  i love you guys     <propfirst> <propmale> cache <propfirst> keana <propfirst> and many more  muaaaahhhhh!
good night fb!
"i love my che che, tater tot, tierani, and lexii muuuuuaaaahhhh "
just got out from taking a 2 hour shower bath  i feel refreshed  what a good night      not bored yet  yaaaayyy  i think i will be in bout a month   im guna miss skul  dats bad  lol 
happy birthday annie   muuuaaahhhh 
this morning i woke up crying  i hd a dream that i got kidnapped and i was taken all the way to cali  they never found me until i ws 23 and by that time my parents had passed away i found old friends <propfirst> cache <propfemale> tierani n keana and they didn't like me anymore i was alone  i was later killd by the person who had kidnapped me that person turned out to be <propfirst> woody  im scared   
"can you say boring, rain 3x's without getting tired of being bored and tired of the rain   nope,me either"
am i the only one who's bored?
"ok so cache <propfirst> <propfirst> f  <propmale> and i just had the dumbest conversation about hamburger helper that was watery greezy and about salad that had no cheese  (inside jk) the dumbest part is that we were chatting on fb while talking on the phone so we could be secretive  ( ex: i would chat with lex about che, che would chat with lex about me, che and i, and vise versa)lol dumb right  but that's why we're sooooo close "
ok so i told my mom about my <propfirst> woody dreamm   she told me to pray   i think thats something i need to do more often   cuz god will never lead you the wrong way  
lakers b*tch  celtics you can go to the left< to the left    
i need tp pray   i don't know why or what for  i just have that feelin that somethin about to happen and it ain't good  so i need to pray   god will help me through whatever it may be  
"can you say \prayer is the way\""  god is good  all the time!"""
have you ever had that feelin  you don't know what it's about   you can't e playful lain it   it's just their  and you can't get rid of it  well i've been havin that feelin all day  i need to pray  pray  pray 
"prima <propfemale>, dat's my name!"
"bored and tired  not sleepy  up doing college work     no, really i am   "
i love drizzy i love weexy i love boweezy i love <propfirst> breezy i love <propfemale> i love <propfemale> i love <propfemale> bey and i love me me     lol 
everyone always says another day another dollar bt if you broke that dont mean nothin    lol   well anyways bout to go to <propmale> selmons and chomp down   then back to the crib for some family bonding thru tv    wow   oh and um planning my wet and wild one week trip  cheeaaa   ya digg   
chilin at <propmale> selmons   so full   i had a hall of fame burger wit sum baked beans    uuuuumm good  i could pop right now    for real   it was good    
describe me or describe how u feel about me       
"i want to wish my dady's a happy father's day: <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>s sr ,shawn <propmale> and <propmale> collins sr   you guys are the best   and believe me you are all blessed   i mean really who could ask for a better daughter than me   cheeaa   ya digg "
"omg  just got done watching the secret life of bees  that movie made me cry  for real   it also made me realize what's important in life  it's a really good movie   not new but   check it out  m,uaaaaaahh "
i love life        
"please read!! ok i posted this earlier: i want to wish my dady's a happy father's day: <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>s sr ,shawn <propmale> and <propmale> collins sr you guys are the best   and believe me you are all blessed i mean really who could ask for a better daughter than me  this guy posted this: <propfirst> <propmale> \do you not know which one is your real dad ive heard this is common among your kind:"
someone give me a good reason why i shoudn't cuss himslap out   besides the fact that im a christian and i should let god deal with it  ?
ok im down off my whup azz horse     i found out it was a joke  well i found out my reasonfor not goin off  gud me    cheeaaa   ya diggg 
watching fuse and bad boys   gud night   cheeaaa   ya digg
another day that god has saved me and let me live   man am i lucky  
the industry has officialy changed rihanna     
about to watch the secret life of bees      again
im your commander!
sooooo happy   it's a wonderfull day   cheeaaa   ya digg
i have the best friends in the world   i love my life  
bored   cant wait till 2morwo bout to hit up miami   they aint ready  lol 
chocolate thunder   bannnnggg!lol 
tryna get down to my $exy size -0   just playin yall 
my life is complicated    bt im lovin it
"my life is complicated, i don't know what to do ,i guess ill just pray about it, and let god do what he do   -(ashant'e)"
cant go to sleep even though i have to get up early to go to miami tomorw   
males say its torture to shop with females just think how we feel    yall act like its the hardest thing in the world to pick out 1 outfit like yall got the best swagga ni99a plz get yo azz out the sto   u aint that fresh and clean anyways   
god and life    your only friends
boy  you font know   how sprung you got me    im scared for what this relationship might bring    were good  bt we as one are not worth me losing my best friend   i love her too much   we can always be friends    bt im caught in a hard spot right now   we need to talk
boy  you dont know   how open you got me    im scared for what this relationship might bring    were good  bt we as one are not worth me losing my best friend   i love her too much   we can always be friends    bt im caught in a hard spot right now   we need to talk
i cry at the thought   why must things be <propfemale> bad   just the thought of it and we all cry   we must face the truth   its guna be hard  bt we as a family must stick together   he tries to break us   bt we cant let him   we need to rebuild our family as it once was    minus the one who built us in the beginning    i cry but i must get over this bridge
i wish i could find someone that i could just pour all my feelings out to   vry on their shoulder   just walk and tell all my fears    cry and cry and cry about all the things holding me back and holding me down   i need that one person to just listen and make me feel better   the one to break me out of my fears   i need that one person   could u be that one?
foolish pride     a thing to avoid!
one question       is boosie dead?
chillin in minami with the fam   just chillin like a villian makin a killin        cheaaaa   ya digggggg
i love my family     i also love my boos   you know who u ar!
watchin the <propmale> 5    isnt it <propfirst> <propmale> week?      bet   and fuse   my fav channels
heard lil boosie got shot in a supermarket   not dead tho? i wonder what is true    
lovin miami          sokin up the sun   really hot tho   
whood
whood    cuaracenta   take it as u will!
i love my guy friends   do u know who u r  let me know lol 
i cant believe some of the people i associate with     in a good way and in a bad way : ( )
you can be the only one
just got done eating good   cut sausage black beans white rice and biscuits   probly just gained ten pounds lol still in miami
having fun with the fam tripin and actin crazy   watching this is it
i love mj      r i p   you are my idol    always and forever    
aint been to sleep yet   mad as i dont know what    : (
im thirsty but i dont feel like getting up   i havent been to sleep yet   ugh   wat a life  without sleep   
happy birthday bridleys
"just got home from the 305(miami, if you didnt know)    miss my fam already   food was great   house was great   hospitality was great   what a great family i have    we're all kinda slow  lol "
watchin the secret life of bees again   watched this is it & <propmale> potter and the half-blood prince  last night with the fam   good stuff    : )     laugh 
so bored   i could cry    doin hmwk   not mine of course  college stuff   ughuh    o smart bored me  hugh  
feelin fresh   just got out the showe from washing ou t my perm   it came out good   then had to grease and straighten it  now it's wrapped   allot of work   now watching   the secret life of bees    again  im obsessed    beyonce watch yo back  lol 
my perm came out so good    i look better than beyonce's weave right now   loz  cheeaaa   ya digg 
lovin the life im livin    through the trial i still rise and stand tall  no <propfemale> can tear me down    cuz god got my back  always
"i hate people who ask you \are you sleep\"" or \""are you sleeping\""   umm im not replying back to you    then wake you up so you have to listen     bih get out my face   cant you see um tryna catch sum zzzzz's  dang   """
im in tag mode!
the people that you call your best friends are always the first to snake you out!
i'm maried    to whom you may ask?
love is blind     
faith   something u must have to get through tough times  
bored as always    somebody find something for me to do! pronto   
"do what you wanna do, don't let nobody tell you what you supposed to    you gotta make mistakes in order to learn from them   "
watchin avatar:the last airbender
y everybody saying they lights out       
it feels wrong  but it feels right   what shall you do?
im up   i got like two hours of sleep   been up all night  couldnt sleep   
just waiting to exhale  
lonely watchin the watch   dish network   109
i just had two huge weights lifted off my chest   boy do i feel refreshed  
"all males say they love you,theyll never hurt you   until they do then its a whole different story   "
idk   bt there is a popup intitled pregnancy that keeps poppin up on my comp  nd its drivin me crazy
anyone else want to go to the movies   everybody and they mama goin   nd i gotta be stuck home  ugh  
"'cause the heart can't erase once it finds a place to be warm and welcome, \to be held in shelter - <propmale> degraw"
"you have to make mistakes in order to learn from them    \troubles and trials are only a test of faith"
people talk   talk is cheap   but what you think  what you feel  about your business  is all that matters                        -ashant'e
up   as usual   wachin avatar:the last airbender    cnt sleep    again
if i had one wish       
"can you say one \week wet and wild trip plus universal and everything else\""    dang   i cant wait    everybody keep in touch  """
"i anybody else as excited to see twilight saga: eclipse a i am  i can't wait  def guna chill with the girls on this one   kendreama, che che, lexii get ready  cheeaaa"
"text a girl good morning beautiful, make her whole day  smile : o like this>lol  : )"
im bored   someone talk to me!
"they say if you love something\you've got to let it go \and if it comes back \then it means so much more \but if it never does\at least you will know \that it was something you had to go through to grow\(<heather headley:in my mind>can you relate to this?)"
so my mamas taking me off lockdown   not now  bt shes gune let me go see twilight saga: eclipse   who wants to tag along?
"you must like whatchu see, cause you lookin at me     shoot   i know i gotta bangin body lolz "
omg   college work is so disturing   small groups   two classes at one time   bih   i need some time off    it's a shame im in school during the summer   it aint even my work   lol  
finto get off if you need to talk to me   u betta talk to me now   or just txt me   !
life is a bumpy journey  good thang i got my ride or dies who will be with me every step of the way   
haha omg lol kyt  : ) xo lmfao          
"tell me have yoy ever loved someone so much it made you wanna cry\tell me have you ever loved someone\and no matter what you did you needed them by your side\                                                            -<propfemale> perez"
talking to my two best guys right nw   im lovin it   
"you meeting another girl like me is like your <propmale> of winning the lottery 1:13,432,543,654,479,567,847,807,481,780,758,108,546,398,705,473,593 (slim to none, don't look forward to it cuz it aint gon happen)"
am i the only one that cant seem to go to sleep?
still cnt go to sleep
gn fb!
why do you make me feel like this?
"if i had one wish, we would be best friends \lovin' never end, \it would just begin  \if i had one wish, you would be my boo, \promise to love you, \trust me i'll trust you "
if i had one wish     
dudes these days aint nuthin but paper gangsters!
man it is colder than christmas <propfemale> in the north pole up in my room      i got blankets sheets cover   it aint <propfemale>n winter time   
really?
watchin the bet awards  you knowww
bet awards
yall betta be watchin the bet awards   
there goes my baby
go <propfemale>   girl go   she deserved that   she do good   go <propfemale>
look at lorenz and <propfemale>   
drizzy drake    dats my boo!
ooohhhh   look at lil chuckee  
<propfemale> look like she bout to pop  
go <propfirst>! is he crying   im guna cry!
im mad he(man in the audience) tryna act like he know the song all he doin is movin his lips
bye fb
i love you too <propmale>!
<propfirst> legend          woooohoooo      
today has been a long day
i thought i new u   bt i guess i dont     cn u make up ur mind   cuz im bout to cut it off if u wont   you messin wit my mind    and that i dont like   bt  two up two down bout to <propmale> up them deuces    
im done with you   you cant trick me no more   my eye are fully open   no more tricks no more games    your talk cant fool me anymore  
when you can't get to her you get to me    bt that won't work anymore   i can see clearly now  and bets believe you aint in my view     
im feeling soooooooooooooooo much better          thanx for the talk babe!
man i love my ni99as
i feel sooooooo good right now     
*te amo*
watchin 106 & park
reppin' that 239 305 and 404   cheeaaaa    ya diggg  
watchin the first episode of avatar:the last airbender      sippin my kool-aid      just chillin
"d*mn, you make me smile"
just started poring down raining   well good time to take a nap   yessuurr!
you alwas put a smile on my face   it might be with ur smile ur type of style or the way you talk to me     there are many things you do    some you may not know    bt you always make me happy    and thats what its all about     
gettin my hairdone for the movies tomorw    goin to see twilight with the besties     fun fun fun fun fun
seeing twilight eclipse    tomorw     with che turance and maybe akeem    fun fun fun     with all my besties
twilight         
ready for twilight then orlando     maybe miami or atl     cheaaa    ya diggg
just got done eatin sum gud chicken n salad    cheaa    my summer diet      
just heard a birth story    make me not even want to think of havin kids     ughh    
still up helping moms wit her college work   a 10th grade pre-ib doin college work  if idt make it in ib umma be mad a h3ll 
gn fb
good chocolate oreo cake       made me sick tho    im startin to think im allergic to chocolate     cuz i cnt drink chocolate milk or have oreos with milk   somethins wrong    
supposed to go see twilight unfortunately my ride is flaggin   not pickin up they phone   trippin all the way    um really mad   i cnt wait til i start drivin    
im heated       38 hot    dang   
cant believe im still up   watching movies and watchin videos on youtube   just cant go to sleep    
i dnt trust many     cuz u cn tell them somethin    o yea theyll keep it a secret   between them they mama   they bro   they sis   they cousins <propfemale> and pookie   u know pookie cnt keep no secret    then everybody in the hood gon know    it aint worth it     
hopefully see twilight today     
jugar dominoes con mi madre
going to see twilight    im dressed   not sure exactly sure what time bt im lukin cute  me n the bestie cache are finally goin   yeaaa
just saw twilight    it was good  cnt wait for the next one   poor jacob   poor <propfirst>    i love twilight     
finally saw twilight with cache at the last minute     bout to lay down n watch tv    im not sleepy so ill just stay up   
just got up   i feel     sleepy     lol  
havin a gud day    goin to fams house for a get together     bout to get down throught der   you know   cheaa    ya diggg   im out   
spain or paraguay       i really dont care   lol  
missin my best guys ones in <propmale> n ones in tampa    
wit the family grubbin on sum gud soul food   
at the fam   we got homemeade everything   mac n cheese   ribs   baked beans   collard greens   potato salad   barbecue chicken   hot dogs   n rolls       i didnt even eat much n im already full just lookin at the food    lol  
walmart is packed     had to get up out of der       it was humid from the rain too    o noooo
u still make me smile
happy 4th of july everybody    i wanna get some fireworks tonight   anybody wanna join me    lol 
just got done watchin waist deep on bet     
haha  omg  lol  kyt  : )  xo  lmfao       
<propmale> and busters is like <propmale> e  cheese on steroids for grown ups   
idk what it is   bt i feel like somethin is wrong   
watching lmn not espn
*sigh*    i miss my friends    
i think somebody is mad at me   
yes means yes anything else means no   
russy ate dog treats   ugh  
not feelin gud at all     nt feelin gud bout my attitude   nt feelin gud physically   im bein really mean   nd im sorry
only thingi hate about dish network   when it rain u get not tv   dang   nd i was watchin <propfemale> montana  lol 
i love talkin to u         
"let me be the one who can take you from all the things you've seen \and if you trust in me i can be there for anything you need\give it all to me, baby\don't you run from me, baby \i'll give you every little piece of me \no, i won't leave out a thing \                                  -kc"
"i thought i took one step, i took two back \i'm not even close this time and that's a fact \all i know is that we'd be the perfect match \so where you at love? \i just gotta find you here "
dnt tell me wat i want to hear   tell me wat u feel nd wats real    
my attitude always gets in the way    surprise 
rate me!!! (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) ? able (6) crazy (7) i want you ( smile  spoiled (9) great parent (10) wild (11) funny (12) beautiful (13) mature (14) wish we had sex (15) i'd take u home to mom (16) wish i had ur number (17) wierd (1 smile  honest (19) freak (20) sexy (21)god-fearing
"i wanna be the one who you believe in your heart is sent from  heaven\there's a piece of me who leaves when you gone because you're sent from heaven\i wanna be the one who you believe in your heart is sent from heaven\there's a piece of me who leaves when you gone because you're sent from  heaven\                                            -kc"
just on youtube watchin pretty <propmale>   man i love me some pretty <propmale>  
cnt sleep   lots on my mind   really had to give myself an atttitude check becuz someone ws mad at me   im sorry    i dnt like when this person is mad at me   makes me feel horrible    like i do right now   
gn fb
went to bed at 6 smile 0   couldnt go to slep      then got up at 9:10   couldnt go back to sleep   missin my besties a & t
went to bed at 6 smile 0   couldnt go to sleep      then got up at 9:10   couldnt go back to sleep   missin my besties a & t
mmmmmmmmmm       
i want to go to the haw-a-ii    
missin my number #1      t
missin my #1      t
bout to eat somegud salad   hope i dnt get sick like i have been lately     
is today confession day or something         too bad no confession from me today    
idk   wat itis bt the sight of food is makin me sick   dats bad becuz im hungry   
my #1 is back      : )
im so excited rite now   omg  im guna cry   
when i dnt wnt to go to sleep i get sleepy n fall asleep    bt when i want to go to sleep   i cnt for the life of me     sleepy me icnt go to sleep   ima try one more time     
"i see a dream in the air, and i believe \i can ride the clouds, its not outta reach \i see a dream in the air and i believe \that i can win, it´s when the sky came down to me \dream in the air \                  - pleasure p"
"dont hurt me   becuz if u do u cn hve the car, the keys, the house, anything u bought me nd the dog   cuz bets believe i got a backup plan   "
do i trust you?    sometimes i wonder
only a king(tha presidential type) is fit for a <propfemale> like me!
still thinkin bout trust
wide awake    guna be up all nite    lil lonely    bt dats ok    
watchin re-runs of real <propmale> of love
man u aint never lied      
i just had the sweetest thing done for me    im bout to cry
anything is possible in bikini bottom   spongebob is baby daddy!
only a <propmale> is fit for this <propfemale>
"ugh like, dislike, confession   who wants one?"
just had 2 block this creeper playin the race game   i dnt play bout that  he just dnt know i ws bout to turn into ms  ghetto top whup a**    
ooo wat a night     gotta do all this work     
smilin <propfemale> much lately    i wonder what it could be   ?
"theres so many-a girls\i hear you been running\from the beautiful queen\that you could be becoming\just because the length of your hair ain't long\and they often criticize you for your skin tone\wanna hold your head high\cause you're a pretty woman\get your runway stride home\and keep going\girl live ya life\                                  - mjb"
"alredy taken\                   - <propmale>"
you can get with this : )or u cn get with that : ( bt u need to get with this cuz this is wer its at : )     your final!
: (       someone cheer me up
feelin a lil better :  
haven't heard from any friends dis summer    they forgot about me    i need sum new friends   anyone volunteer    
bored!      had a really gud pep talk frm one person nd a gud laugh frm another    went from : ( to : )
interesting convo on spanish   
i got told to get off facebok n go to bed    not by my parents    someone my age    lol  gn fb
"friends    how many of us have them    friends    ones we can depend on    friends\-----------------------------------------------next friday------------------------------------------"
bout to go get on the tread to get that beach body stomach   then cardio  then ?
on that treadmill fr about 20 more minutes    on my 1 minute break now   
just got out the shower bout to eat a lil dinner    feelin gud n fresh    yep   
new friend?
wish it ws my birthday   dang march 13 need to come back round quick fast nd in a hurry  lol  bt everyday is my birthday cuz um a blessed chick    god is love
having a great conversation right about now    : )    : )>    ; )    ; )>
i need a 2nd txtn <propmale> anybody wanna volunteer   
bout to get off   u cn stll hit me up    go to info section of my profile  u kno   deuces  
a milli     : )>
sweet talk     the only way dudes these days cn get to a female    bt us females need to remember that actions are louder than words   
just gettin up i stayed up til 7 smile 0     i gotta stop dis cuz i was supposed to get my lil bro today    
"we, wee, wii, oui       "
"havin some sum gud old homemade red beans n rice, wit salsbury steak, n biscuits   yuum!"
lately i been stayin up late    chattin it up wit the new friend n <propfemale>    we b havn sum gud convos   lol 
im so tipsy  so tipsy  yea i said it  im so tipsy   yea i said it  lol 
no 100 comment chat tonight(insider)> <propfemale> nd <propmale>! : )
: (      sad sad me : (   smh
i guess we all just goin thru it    : (
(1)   im goin thru it (2) im watchin <propmale> gump  i didnt know that movie ws so sad    gt me all sensitive bout to cry n junk   : (
gn fb  )>
just layin dwn txtn a vip    
bout to go get my lil brother tj      
if dats how u feel    den stay out my game room     
they gon lay yo a*s  rock to sleep like a baby      ;yea o lets do it   
feedin my baby n watchin scooby doo   aftertha its bath time    then time to go to sleep   he talkin bout o its a dog woot woot woot woot   tj    my tyran
got the baby to sleep   just chillin'
talkin to the friend   x d
lovin my 100 comment friends jojo n <propfemale>     like i said  two way tonite   i got baby  on board     ily guys   lol  nighty   : )
<propfemale> and jojo   my groupies  
just now gettin the report card   yo i couldve sworn that i failed     not  i got all a's b's n c's o yea n (1) d+    cheaa  bt gotta take biology on florida virtual skuls   lol  dats better than summer skul    thank you jesus   god is good   !
bout to go to the park wit the little bro tj    he has blueberry waffles dis morning n he is jumpin off the walls  
you foolin it    who who does that?
"you know how it goes    like dislike 1st impression confession   who wants one?    just \like\""   dnt e playful ect me to sugar coat  um tellin the dead truth  """
homemade pizza is the best    
: (        smh
just fed the baby   now watchn <propfemale> montana n he playin wit his action figures   woohoo
:        still just thinkin   
dang   n i thought i could forgive u   
&& cache' <propfirst> is about to get her feelins hurt   lol  ily sis  && <propfirst> f  <propmale> dnt know what she talkin bout (ummm)&& cieara white is doin it big in the atl && im tickled pretty   lol ( insider)
im gud : )
i trust you   : )
eatin sum homemade dirt rice   it is soooooooooooooooo gud   
i got yo back   : )
: (
i miss my che smiley n lexi : (
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalal : )
we fit together like we was two lego's    : )
eatin waffles    sorry jojo no dinner tonight   lol  : (
100% happy!
talkin to the sister cieara white!   i miss her so much   ily cc!
watchin one on one    dats my show   
just got done eatin waffles   watchin degrassi   go drizzy drake   
"\welcome to dereon how may i help you\""   \""umm yea can i get the beyonce stomach without the abs\""   \""oh im sorry we dont sell those anymore  that sale was only for the weekend\""   \""d*mn!\""       lmao"""
your everything i thought you neverwere and nothin like i thought you couldve been  love 
if not now   when?     if not soon     will it ever?
watchin degrassi still    no more drizzy drake : (
flippin between degrassi lmn &spike   gotta get up at 9 for platos closets grab bag sale   uma see wat they got   
im killin it       
just got back from platos closet   got a lil suntin suntin    not  much got me some booties   lol  yep <propfirst> wit studs  chea
watchin one on one in my lucky charm pajamas   eatin a gud peach     yea dis the life   lol 
dog 4 sale    price changed from $500 to $350   look at my mobile uploads for pics of dog   hit me up in my inbox  if your interested or have any question   thanx   
im so glad no one ever pokes me   lol  
thanx for the pokes guys   lol  
watchin <propfirst> rock's good hair  so funny  so real   so true
how you gon have a layaway plan on wave?    wat pay $20 a week until you pay enough to get yo weave put n  naw buddy  how bout i just got to pooky cousin <propfemale> across the street nd get my junk done   lol 
bout to fall asleepwatchin a movie    didnt get to finish watchin good hair   lol  gn fb!
makin sum cheesy ass nachos for dinner    jojo its ur time to make ur order fo dinner    
eatin gud homemade nachos wit sour cream       
watchin degrassi   oooohh now sav kno he ws wrong for dat   lol 
who wants a like dislike confession 1st impression thing?
watchin degrassi    eatin sum cherries   
watchn degrassi     bout to go to bed
i just can't let go ?!!!!!!
i can already tell ima be up late doin college work  as usuall  ugh  !
black roses? bt i love dat song!
see this is why i dont get up till 3  why be bored the whole day when you can sleep  get rest and only be bored for half a day  
i miss pretty <propmale>   !
you gon pay for it? n9gga plz   i make mo money den you do  how bout i pay for it  ! lmao 
ughh  omg   ok im done wit psychology now im doin personal finance   i swear im not goin to college for medical biling nd coding bt the momster is  nd i have to help  psshh   i need help right now  plz   save me  
#if you really knew me you would know that i put on a smile to please others   becuz what goes on in my head nd in my heart is une playful lainable   and no one will never know    so i guess that means you dont know me!
"so im finally doin personal finance thank god for google, yahoo, and the school online library  wht would i do without it  ugh   fail   !"
?: what is the purpose of poke on facebook?
watchin if you really knew me   im bout to cry  im finto pray  lord know i feel they pain    *t*
watchin if you really knew me  sittin her cryin thinkin bout my life   i done been through sum ish  ughh   im just gon pray  askin for any prayers to go out for me   thanx!
#if you really knew me you would know that i feel alone almost 24 7   get to kno me!
i dont want no scrub   i need a hood boy   
o really?   im done waiting  sit nd wait by yourself cuz im done  ugh   i tried  i thought i could wait bt <propmale>   i guess not  you tried me   got me down bad  im really playin myself right now
dog for sale    hit my inbox up   check my mobile uploads  price dropped from 500 to 350   
happy : )
why is life so complicated  i wanted to say yes  bt i said no for safety precautions  lol 
just got done cooking and am now eating sum dirty rice with (red green and yellow)peppers and sausage with biscuits  also sippin on dat hawaiin punch  lol  yyuuumm  
so now everybody predicting the future  smh!
like my status and i'll rate you 1-10  smile >
"im not guna be somebody im not just to please you  you cn hit the curb  cuz if you dnt like me obviously i dnt need you in my life  peace   bt then again haters are my motivation  bt god motivates my mind and soul,,god first"
"welcome to my world   the world of \ashant'e\""  invitations only   """
just watched dear john  *tears*  lol   im such a cry baby  
wat do u think of me ? 1 random 2 a sexy beast 3 ill marry u 4 sweet 5 beautiful 6 talkiative 7 hot 8 fit 9 funny 10 moody 11 perfect type 12 love you 13 missinq you 14 qorqeous 15 stronq 16 da best 17 awesome 18 dumb 19 crazy 20 sporty 21 retarded 22 cute 23 i love textenq u 24 my bestey set dis as ur status & see wat u get
i want some jamaican cinnamon leaf tea so bad     
listenin to r kelly- forever  dats my jam  yall dnt kno nuthin bout dat  lol  next up is uncle <propfirst>- i dont ever want to see you again  lol 
just got up    ugh   now time for dat college work dat i ws suposed to get up at 12 and do  lol  my alarm clock aint doin its job   
what should i cook and eat? lasagna   pizza   salad and chickin   macaroni salad and chicken  or fried okra with sumthin else?  help now im starving   
i got mad  love  4 ya!
maaannn i need to get up out of lil pakistan  
on dat college work rite bout now   finance then psychology    finally i get an easy assignment   
need a textin <propmale>     
having a very weird convo  bt it is needed  we all need to understand each other  lol 
wants birthday cake flavored ice cream followed by sleep    
for some odd reason i just got an interest in psychology      
just got up  i stayed up till 6 and woke up at 5:42  hugh  smh!
i want to go to the beach  bt anyways just checked out my summber band camp   aug  16-19 8 smile 0am- 4 surprise 0pm  then all football season tuesdays and thurdays for 3 hours each day  its worth it cuz a bih got all superiors      !!!!!!!!!!!!
just saw that this indian guy wants to make the cheapest laptp ever  he wants it to be anywhere from $10- $35   and its guna be touchscreen  everybody and they mama gon have one of dem thangs   lol  i aint gon lie ima snatch me one up quick fast and in a hurry  lolz 
just thinkin bout band camp n band practices   i just hope nobody dnt pass out this time round
how did we meet? post this on ur status and see how many stories u get   !
trying to find sumthin to do   sleep sound gud rite bout now  bt i kno dat aint gon happen   tryna find a movie to watch    what should i watch?
feelin like i dont got no friends : (   ugh  
i hate liars   man just be 100 wit yo stuff  i dnt care if it hurt me  just be real  ugh  
not waitin anymore  i kno ive said it before but this is the last time  wait by yourself  if u cnt make time for me then ill find someone who cn  
i need a txtn <propmale>!
listenin to dat gud pleasure p    yaaahhh!
nosleep com over here   ugh  gosh i <propmale> watched movies watched tv went into the other room n tried to sleep   tried sleepin on the floor and evn dat aint work  gosh wat is really goin on     
bout to go to sleep for real now        
wants sum gud salad and publix chicken   ugh  
i been up all night and i am now bouncin off the walls    
so sore   i couldnt sleep so i stayed up till 8 in the mornin doin <propfirst> blanks tae <propmale> and cardio   my stomach hurt like a bih  but um seein results   yaaaaaayyyy!lolz 
<propfirst> blank's tae <propmale> n cardio got ya girl layin down hurtin   ugh  so  sore    cant  move   ugh  
was it worth it?
bout to get back on that <propfirst> blank's tae <propmale> n cardio tonight  im already sore  bt dats gud   ! : )
does anybody want to text me right bout now?  yea you do   go ahead   go in ur phne n txt me    yeaaa   lol 
fresh out the shower     
cannot believe i just got up      watchin bet     after 106 goes off im goin back to sleep one day of rest   ugh   yayyyy!
its so strange how i cant tell if im guna like a song by its (beat) instrumentals   hugh  
with the momster bout to go get the big bro   hes a sickling   
i was watchin catdog and one on one      
i  love  me sum steph jones   lol homeboy is fiiinnnneee    lolz 
bout 2 eat some lasagna n okra
"let's see who knows me ; name ,fav color, besties, grade & height : )"
"let's see who knows me ; name ,fav color, besties, grade & height : )"
bout to make a good blueberry waffle n peanut butter n jelly sandwich    woot woot  !
can't believe my brother called me a gold digger cuz i ws playin n i said <propmale> songz ws my husband   lol  really??!
i am on overload!!! i need a helpin hand  anyone??????!!!!
watchin underworld (06)     then underworld (09)
still up &&tired as a mutha    lol 
practicing the flute n carinet tryna get some reeds for the saxophone     asap    def need to hit up cadence    
watching its hard to find a good man      
drop 5 stacks on dat makeup bag   yeaaaaa
watchin doom   after that is   idk
you can drop 5 stacks on dat lv    cuz dat still aint gon do nuthin bt give me a gud shoppin spree    dnt forget the extra g for my pocket which also includes toes nails n hair   get it rite   or else deuces see ya when i see ya !!!!
i was doin my moms work  i was almost done  nd wat do you know t   he power goes out  now i got to start all over  ugh   
keep it laydylike!
why cant decisions be easy   always gt to think allextra hard just to make one   nd then you feel bad afterwards n start questionin ur choice   ugh   
waching ghost rider bout to watch afterlife         
nosleep com over here     got the worst gum tooth ache   currently watching case 39!
ooo my darlinn oo my darlinn    lol  bored as a mutha!
cant believe that ive been sleep all day   im now about to go back to sleep   
i hate when somebody call you and then dont talk   why you called me in the first place?  you couldve just text me or  left me alone   ugh   bt anyways life goes on   still crazy bout ya tho!!!!!!  love 
just had chicken n <propmale> slaw   n now imsick  i feel perfect when i dnt eat at all   bt then again im nt tryna get too skinny  
boo hoo cryin right now    the pain is killin me      
shopping!!!!
at the mall bout to hit up finish line and traffic      
no disrespect: leavin the mall i saw a girl about size 17 wearin shorts dat wer about size 5    wtf has the world cum 2   cn u say hot mess   a hot ghetto mess     lookin like she dnt kno no better      maybe she dnt   bt dats still a gd shame    smdh     
cant sleep  might as well do sum tae <propmale> and cardio    
deep blue sea!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shopping again tommorow   
me &' ____ would make a cute couple   post this as ur status and see how many names you qet  wink 
bout to go to sleep   i kno i gotta get up at 8 smile 0   to take a shower n shop   so gud nite fb!
up and running!
tired as a mutha   cn believe i ws in winn <propfemale> for 2 hours grocery shopping   now i gotta take the groceries home and then go shopping    ugh   
i  love  my uncle b u g!!!
fresh out the shower!!!!
with the parents   dad has to bid on a bus      then i finish my shopping    
with the parents   dad has to bid on a bus   then i finish my shopping  
at dunbar high skul in the cafe    dis junk gon take 4ever   ugh    
just got done shoopping    now mami and papi r in the mall gettin the disgusting chinese food     ugh  i get my own special stop at  well wherever i wnt   lol 
half sleep right now   just woke up frm a nap that started at 3    
im feeling like weve grown apart  what did i do wrong     we dont talk anymore      we need to get that feeling back    can we make it like it was!!!
omg this girl is ironing her pants with a hair straightener   wtf!!  how ghetto is dat?  dats not even ghetto dats a hot mess    lol !!!
home alone   !!!!!woohoo    me time!!!!!!
wat is goin on   our wall that was once strong is falling apart  but at this point in time i might just let it crumble   to a million pieces   !!!!!
why i gotta be a b*tch  why i cant be a bad b*tch  ?lol 
ya tu sabes!!!!!!
up and running
up an running! fresh out the shower watchin angel    woohoo!
why would i be your typical every-day girl when i can be the crazy chick that i am and still be respected   ordinary!    naw imma be me   short crazy stupid n loved     ; )
up    txt me
on my way to my sisters house so i cn go to band camp today from 8 smile 0- 5 surprise 0   long time  i gt lots of sunscreen and water   cuz im gon need it  wish me luck nd pray dat i dnt pass out    ; )
up and running!
"sisters mad cuz mommy told me to wake her up  instead i just poked her       n said \yo mama said get up\""   now she mad  bt she still got up   so my job is done    ; )"""
so happy right now   1 down 1 to go     (u kno who u r)
up and running      someone txt me
watchin drumline   this stuff is so ill   
im the one    yall aint got nuthin on me   stop lukin for her  cuz im the one!!!!!!! (yea im ha)
mad right now   everybody and they mama gon be at the lock in   but wea uma be at  home all alone   ugh   if cache <propfirst> wouldve told me earlier i couldve came   !!!!! at least my lexi  che n keana will be there to rep        
"\welcome to good burger home of the good burger may i take ur order\""    lol    watchin good burger  kenan and kell r sooo funny   """
ready for a nap right bout now   
was talkin to my secret werewolf keana   shes at the lock-in  apparently midnight basketball is wats goin nd its borin      it feels so gud to be in my nice warm bed   
up and running    text meeeeee!
2 walmart to get these t shirts for band camp    then mama gotta get her toes done   then lata out to dinner with mom n pops   idk why    just quality family time    wish the brother could come with us    
sooooo   how was the lock-in last night     ?
wanna cry right now   ugh   i thought we were closer than that   but you made your choice now all i cn do is sit back and watch our relationship break   and i might just let it fall to 1 million pieces   
dinner with mom and dad    got allot on my mind right about now!!!!
how could i be so naive?
havent eaten in a day nd a half   get to <propfemale> <propfemale> n eat a small salad n got sick  i tried to eat a roll n sum shrimp after that   n gt <propfemale> sick to my stomach  i cnt even look at food without gagging   its too bad im in a frickin buffet    i feel like layin on the floor n ging to sleep  wat is wrong with me?!
finally out of <propfemale> coral   i ws bout to have a frickin smell attack   still sick to my stomach nd i didnt even eat that much  
"i miss my keana darlinn , <propfirst> <propmale> , shakura <propmale>, frandeline dieujuste  and my cache' <propfirst>   i  love  these chicks   "
chatting it up with the bestie akeem battle !!!! i miss you bestie!! : )
i love my cuzzo <propfirst> collins !!!!!
gn fb    band camp 8 smile 0am- 5 surprise 0pm    all this week   gotta get up at 6:45 to get ready   lol  gn
up and running     for band camp   gotta go get cache   then to school i go    : )   todays guna be agud day  im not guna let anyone change that   
leavin the skul    from band camp     had a very good day     gotta get up 2morow nd repea it all      all : )s on this end   
tc & tk (insider)@ cache' <propfirst>    lol 
bored  finto take a nap  text me!
on my way to skul for band camp    
had an almost perfect day     missin one thing!
1-belger  2-santiago  3-himes  4-savage  5-pence  6-eichbauer    7-autry   laugh ahlberg     any classes together?
i gotta gut feeling that something bad is gonna happen and im guna be the one hurt   left standing alone crying     its such a bad feeling that i just feel like crying now so i cn get it ova with    !!!!!   ugh   wat could it be!!!!!!!
up and running   last day of band camp    
"so happy gotta get my perm then get my hair <propmale>e sunday morn   gotta take che to get her hair <propmale> today   i had fun with the sisters cache' <propfirst> , <propfirst> <propmale> , frandeline dieujuste , and shakura <propmale>   also had fun with that #1(you know who you are)      all : )'s over here     x d"
"you meeting another girl like me is like your <propmale> of winning the lottery 1:13,432,543,654,479,567,847,807,481,780,758,108,546,398,705,473,593 (slim to none, don't look forward to it cuz it aint gon happen)"
its yellow outside     
im glad im not the only one who thinks something serious is goin on with the yellow sky and the weather     i am now curled in my bed scared to look out the window   
i need some cheering up bt i dnt wnt to talk to anyone   fml  wth is goin on!!!!!
gud nite fb!!!!!
u still make me smile!!!!! : )
perming it up right now    get my hair done 2morw morning   ya digg!!!!!!
chillin at the house    felt allot better last night after that phone call    mmmm(who could it be  this person who always makes my day)???? u still make me smile : )
: (      
"wants to make a day(or weekend) for me n the girls to get pampered, go bowling, out to eat ,shopping, and the movies   ( cache' <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propmale>, shakura <propmale>, keana darlinn)   a weekend for sisterly love  love   wattaya think?"
up so i cn ge my hair done   omg  im nt ready to be gettin up early   
even though i got what i wanted it still feels like our relationship is coming to an ending when it should only be beginning    now that we're free  our feelings no longer exist?
good burger(kenan n kel) or <propmale> burger(bon qui qui)??????
cant wait for 2morow   ugh  so happy   gt my camera on deck all ready   cnt wait to see my girls @cache <propfirst>  <propfirst> <propmale>  shakura <propmale>  keana darlinn 
up &running to grannies hse then up and running again for skul    ugh  cnt believe i actually got some good sleep    
wtf?    rain   today  now   this mornin   wwwwhhhyyy?!?!?
got home    took pics wit che   my #1 looked gud today nd so did i of course   pics will surface soon    
i need an escape   if u think u cn be that for me then maybe you should call me!
just when i need you the most   you bail   is there anybody i cn talk to   
up and running to grannies    then up & running again for skul   ugh  i hope it doesnt rain today     
feel so e playful osed   lol  at the bus stop   hopefully this lady will get here on time today!!!
fresh out of band practice    on my way home to take a shower   n take it in  i need my rest   txt me! (239 rules the world)
omg   last night ws horrible   i cnt say i feel better cuz i dont   just a little   someone manages to put a smile on my face for a few seconds   some make me smile inside forever  bt this one idk   is amazing    anyways i gota think positive nd put evrything else aside cuz its guna do nun bt bring me down even more     : (
: )       love 
up & running!
"not a good day   i hd to sit in \the freezer\""      all day long!!!!"""
just got out of practice   now im thirsty n broke   hot nd sweaty   nd gotta wait 30 minutes for a ride   dis is not wats goin   bout to pass out rite now   ugh   
black roses are scattered across the place that used to be a happy heart     love lost!  heart-broken ?
had an episode today     had an overload of drama and emotions  hd to set them free  i learned to take it one step at a time     nd to speak my mind nd talk becuz he will listen     love    thanx to my sister cache <propfirst> for helpin me thru this   ily sister!!!!
so <propfemale>d i couldnt go to the game tonight bt    cn i get a woot woot fo that fmhs greenwave boys football team   yesssiirr!!!!!  they def will be shreddin   i need somebody to keep me updated on the score  i <propfemale> find somebody! : )
really?  : (
listenin to that gud lyfe jennings- statistics      dis is my song  ladies yall need to listen to dis song!!!!!!?
playing bingo wih the kids n my mama    currently with taco  xhavier  <propmale>      fightin over a radio nsome sour patches
i cnt stand when ppl try to talk n txt in slang    no dang well you dnt kno wat half the words mean ; )>
up & running!!!!!
you are not a goonette stop actin like one      get in where you fit in!!!!!?
still up & running     fresh out the shower  just washed dishes    now layn down   miss dat #1   txt me!
up & running !
had a gud day   somebody ws ws not mad at me cuz of my skirt  i aint worried bout it doe   lol  lookin forward to the rest of the week : )     wanna talk to dat #1!!!
y i gotta be a b*tch   y i cnt be a bad b*tch?
anyone hve belger for pre ib math  1st period   wat ws the homework??
"feel like i havent talked to you in forever   i see you everyday bt i still feel distant   what could this be?     i still feel distant    talk to you everyday maybe just a \hey\"" bt i still feel distant    i need to talk to you bt i feel too distant    """
": (   cheering up    ummmm yea, i could use that!!!!!!?"
i dont deserve you?   naw you dont deserve me!!!
feelin sooooo much better      all : )'s over here   (yea you do that to me!!!)
had such a great day   this day can only get better   i got guy friend i got my girls i gt my fam nd i got my #1 nd i got my life     (you still make me smile)
i told u dat grenwave gon shred   definitely did   14 to 13   now what  all yal do is rap    bt we brought it to the field   our actions speak louder than our words    run and tell that    greeennnwavvee!!!!!!!
we won   i should be happy and i was    until i thought back to something that caught my eyes the whole game   nd what happens i get this face > sad  and this face : (   idk wat ima do   ugh   not happy bt so proud of my boys they got off   ima put that happy face on just for them cuz they deserve it    
up & running   chillin cuz um sore frm dat game tonite    
thanx allot    lie to me    yea sure    dats exactly wat i want you to do   w e   im done wit the games and lies    new chapter  i flipped the <propfemale>   i hope ur apart of it    
i feel really bad like i upset ***   seems like things cn never go right   always sumthin in he way holdin one of us back   ugh  
aggghhh    dang i messed up   maybe i shoulve kept my feelings locked away in my closet    now that ive spoken i cn feel that im pushin him away    he might just give up on me   i cnt give up i wont give up   im in too deep    i need him   wat will i do   dang me nd my feelings    *tears*
wat is goin on   is this family emergency weekend  yesterday my brother passed out  nd today my uncle faints in church   man the devil got it out for this family   man i need prayers   
ok thank god    my uncle fainted in church and hes fine now  idk what the devil got up his sleeve bt i dnt like it   first my brother then my uncle   who's gon be next  i cnt take this  i cnt afford to loose anyone that is apart of my life    i need you!!!!  annoyed 
?????confused????
im mad this dude was tryna chat wit me in french  umm wat?   then he started speakin spanish  im like  um yea buh bye!!! lol 
no more fb for the night(maybe)    missin dat #1    : )
cant stop missin you   nd i still cant go to sleep    ugh  
agh   ?????confused?????
you got me confused  ur confused   im confused   we're confused    : (    we need to talk it through    ?
everything about you yea it makes me smile  your smile your style or the way you hug me  we've had our ups and downs  we made it throught the rain  bt can we come back from this?  the ball is in your court  just remember that i want you to be happy   even if that means your not with me : )   im not you first not guna be your last just save a place for me in your heart cuz youll forever and always be in mine  love 
dang so its like that   so we gt beef that fast   i ws tryna be ladii like nd civilized   i tell u wat    u wnt him u cn hve him  as strong as my feelings are i kno aint no dude worth fightin over   if he cnt pick n choose then why should i be fightin?
so hype   happy   got evrything and everyone i need   even a few haters   im happy   if u kno me like that then best believe u play a big part in my life    : ) this is for you    ily!!!!
"how many times do i have to say \excuse me\"" before \""get the f*** out of my way\"" becomes acceptable?"""
truth is     
i need a really really really really scary movie to watch   any ideas?
"you see me in 10 years*somebody put a ring on it*   but who  where do we live? kids? wat does our house look like? do we work,where,how?"
missin dat #1   dats wat one day apart will do to you   lol  bou to hit the sheets   so ready for the pep rally and <propfirst> sirianni night   we gota make coach <propfirst> proud yall   come out and show your support and respect   cuz we gon shred!!!! : )
up & not running    fresh out the shower   a bih is tired   now to grannys house to hit the sheets again just to be up & runnin later in bout an hour   : ) so excited for today   mostly for the game   i cnt wait until i get to see my #1 play  (whenever he has a game)  lol  im outtie --->
im sorry for what i did   i kno it hurts you and makes you mad  i wont do it anymore   you can believe that   i need you too much to lose you   love 
just woke up from a good nap  so cranky   off to the school for the game   so excited   but stay out my way   
so all jokes aside   i think i broke my nose    last night i ws gettin dat good good sleep nd i flipped(yes   flipped) off my bed and landed face first   i think i fractured my nose or sumthin cuz i cnt even touch it without screamin!!! but anyways we lost but i will forever be proud of my greenwave boys   yall work hard  win or lose yall got my respect and my love!!!!!
off to bed with this broken fractured nose i go   had fun with my girls and my #1    nite nite fb
up & runnin had soooo much fun last night  tryna sneak ppl into the band room   sooo much fun  a bih ws hungry cuz they wouldnt let us out    bt it ws fun : )
can i be your one and only?
needs comfort and care!
so happy   got mi little hermano tj   not so happy somebody is upset with me  nd somebody is hidin sumthin from me(insider)
got allot on my mind   why is this so hard  rethinking it all   bt he has to put forth the effort to make it work   otherwise im outtie   n i aint cumin back   imma fly out to my own world nd imma leave you behind   
why do things have to be so hard and difficult    ???
"if you dont wanna tell me,thats fine   just dnt lie to me!!!!!"
i did what i did   gotta except what happens next   now i have to rebuild our bridge   this time we need to meet in the middle    
up & running   these few weeks are guna be so different   i dnt like this feeling?
how am i supposed to build a bridge when i cnt find the pieces    you cant look at me  bt i try  you dnt talk to me bt i try   like i said we hve to meet in the middle   if ur nt willin then our bridges will never join together and become one  this is the last stand!
just got out of practice    had a horrible   (wait)  horrible!! day  it wil <propfemale> be the same   the pain is takin me over   this is the last stand!
i feel soooo much better   dang a txt message cn do allot   i think my week wnt be so horible after all   hmmmm?!?!?
i kno dat ft myers high school boys jv football team gon get off!!!
you just cant be nice to some ppl   you just cnt trust them and give second chances cuz it always backfires    this is the last stand!!! no more of me feeling bad thinkin im the bad guy   im done~!!!!   best believe that!!!!
que sera   i cnt control what you do so im just gonna remove myself out of the situation   im only in the place to get hurt(again)   que sera!!!
"so tired of playas   wer all the real dudes at? (that dont cheat, n all dat crap)    they must be exstinct cuz i dont see nun around   "
im so relieved   time to live my life and let go   que sera   everything is in the past between us  lets make sure nt to let this happen again  cuz we r 2 strong and smart for this ish!!!   : )
new attitude this week   im in beast mode   i flipped a new chapter nd ur nt in i   so if u see me nd i dnt speak u kno im talkin bout u   yea i thought i could stay nd stick it out   bt their is somethin better out their for me   u cnt do right anyways   youll miss the times we spent together  im movin on   que sera sera baby!!!!
sick!   ugh  this is what happens after a thursday night football game   it ws fun and i lost my voice bt i didnt hve time to recuperate   ugh  well curently watching spongebob      : (
"troy  done   terminator judgement day  done   the matrix revolutions  done    next (shooter,jumper,beauty shop,fred:the movie, or speak)?      beauty shop it is    woot woot!!!"
eatin sum good old hot fries  nd omg they cleared up my nose   i feel awesome   watchin house   then im outtie!!!
"no more hot fries for me   my throat, nose, eyes, and ears are itchin nd they wnt stop   ugh   hot fries get no more of my love!!!"
"so could you be my bestfrien ,before you call yourself my man  why cant i love you in slow motion take my time  take away the presure on my mind  really get to kno you   but rewind i wanna love you in slow motion   why cant i?"
so i wanna get my hair cut i found sum pics of sum cuts that i would like   only problem is idk which one to pick  please check em out under my pics titled :battle of the hairstyles:   tell me which ones you think would be good or not for me !!! thanx?
real and <propmale> are so stupid   omg   they gt me rollinon my bed laughin n coughin(im a sicky)   bt this ish is funny as heck!!!
had the house to myself today   i cleaned the whole house   washed dishes  washed clothes   afterwards i took a shower took some medicine and i am now eatin watchin superman returns about to go to sleep   
"you and i, we have no comparison  a guy might choose you over me, only because your willing to give up something im not  i'm not guna downgrade myself and get put out there just 4 someone to like me   if a guy likes me its because he respects me, thats more than i can say for you  guys only like you because you dnt respect yourself and they dnt respect you-you do anything   (time 4 a lifestyle change on ur end) "
"name the top 5 people you talk to 1  cache' <propfirst> 2  <propfirst> <propmale> 3  shakura <propmale> 4  <propfemale> <propfemale> jacquet 5  keana darlinn  \                repost this n name your top 5"
just had the weirdest food  bt it ws awesome   corn with (chopped) hotdogs n bacon bits   mmmm    : )
keep my head in them books im sharp!!!   raise my head to he sky  got too much respect for myself to stop now im a independent woman got my girls and my fam  got that education on lock and im ladii lyke 2  you tryna catch me  ugh  no thank you boo  you cant do nuthin for me that i cant do for myself  you need to get on my level  right now your behind me get in front of me and maybe ill let you in
tell me why i just cant let you go  you got the key to my heart( nd you wont let it go)   ugh   fml  
jelly bean popsicles    my  love      high school musical 2?   hmmm
just washed dishes  made steakem's  just made sum god tea  now eatin steakem's nd drinkin tea  no feeln 2 gud bt i guess ill drag myself to school tomorw  missin my girls  : (
never thought i would miss school   i dont  nt school itself bt seein everybody  my besties cache alexis shakura berta keana    nd dat #1   i think he needs a new name (asap)   bt anyways nt goin to school for the rest of the week  i hve to make a full recovery    back to 70% today   ugh    : (
is in love with strawberry yogurt   my other loves (caramel  chocolate  peanut butter ) betta step aside   sorry    hahahaha lol 
"i miss my ppl    i miss yellin at them  laughin with them  laughin at them   mesin around with them and most of all makin them mad and then makin up <propfirst> <propmale>, cache' <propfirst>, shakura <propmale>, keana darlinn,and <propfemale> <propfemale> jacquet   also one more person and he she knows who they are hahahahaha  and i miss my kaylah dimples'pretty <propmale>- mi prima!!!!!!"
lottery ticket      funny!!!!!!
lottery ticket & death at a funeral      hahahaha   lmao   i cant stop laughin   lol : )
missing all my sisters  love  : (
missin lots of ppl rite now   ive decided to have a brand new start(with evrybody)   there is a certain person that i hve went back and forth with    im starting over   forget the past and aim for the future   this is ur <propmale> for you to prove urself to me and for me to prove myself to you(becuz i kno i messed up & so hve you)   make it or break it!!!
just got attacked by a crow in the <propmale> mall parking lot        bt i do wanna sign the pink firetruck    its so cute : d
mad i didnt get to sign the pink firetruck!!!! : (?
bout to do some cardio and workout while watchin resident evil:afterlife     get me bodied!!!!!! heeeyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!?
bout to go to sleep on this <propmale> potter: half blood prince   my bed and pillows r callin me   its rainin 2   wat!!!!! the best time to take a nap   a 2 hour nap will turn into a 5 hour nap then ima be up all night   ugh uh?
headache out of this world    
tired of these fb stalkers  foofers      cn i hve yo number?   where you live ?   n9gga you is 20 sumthin years old    i kno u dnt wnt to go to jail   cuz i aint dmb uma report you    hahaha    i aint dat friendly
happy birthday lil <propmale>    free weezy!!!  love 
i just noticed that im such a good friend   most of my friends associates dnt deserve me  they put me through h*ll and back  bt we went together nd came out alright   they're worth my time and suffering  i have a selected few and they kno who they are    if ive cried over you or with you or for you   your a selected few      i love my besties  love 
bout to take it in     watch a movie or sum(bored) sn: who do we play this week for boys football??
lesson #1:everybody dat keke in yo face or smile in yo face aint yo friend   they be the main ones to snake you in a minute     friends like dat   hugh i rather have enemies anyday at least they real bout they dealings    
a while ago i told you that we would never be   now there is nothin holdin u back bt you     so i ws rite   we will never be    i truly thought i became invisible   until today  bein distant   truth is ive felt that way for a while    now you kno how i feel  i thought you couldve been dat one bt   i just dt knw anymore   distant huh???
i feel like fading away in the crowd     just wanna be heard    feeling like i cnt talk to anybody    nobody wants to listen no1 cares   uma go crawl in my corner n keep to myself  sn: a shocking mystery awaits
well it seems i just got booted out the picture    you told me allot   we shared allot   i wil never forget it   bt it seems youve found someone else    if you hve be a man about it   becuz i dn wnt to stop u frm bein happy   itlltake me a while to be happy without you    bt ill get over it   i guess!!!
mmmmm        sn: mmmm    im like ripley i dont kno if i should believe it or not   twisted & confused      cuz i aint nobodys fool      still mad (i aint gon chyll yet)!!!
omg!!!     strawberry shortcake flavored gum   agh!!!
hopin the boys won   either way they make me proud!! = ) (kool-aid smile 4 mi boys)   
"mi primos y hermanos y amigos son los mejores -\somos los mejores\""     sn: we the best- you aint kno?         osn: happy         guna hve a gud day    : [    still kinda mad   seriously dnt play me!!!!!"""
sad scared nervous anxious mad  confused  angry  hurt       why cant i have a moment of peace?     dnt kno wat to do   need somebody to talk to nd calm my nerves!!!
had so much goin on    had a horrible evenin at skul    ok ending   bt sill gt allot on my mind   need someone to talk to!!
"i can do bad all by myself, but that don't mean i want to!"
on& on   over & over again  u say its nt real bt the way u talk makes it seem real    be a man about it   if u dnt wnt me say so   speak the truth   be yourself    be a man!!!
     nevamind     sn:trying nt to hve another friday afternoon episode   tryna keep it all in  together : (
up & running     ugh   hopefully today will be a good day   gt him on my mind(idk what i should do)   on the other hand i dnt wnt a replay of friday afternoon    i just cnt take it          sn: needs cheering up : (
tears laughs tears fights hugs  & more laughs &hugs  icn sick it out becuz in the end i kno he got my back and i got his too  we might go hroughit bt at the end of the day its sall smiles  he makes me smile in a way no one else can    yeeeaaa   you still make me smile!! = )  : ]
if i had one wish     
jus had the best nap from like 2:15 to 6 surprise 0   so mad man   urnever supposed to interrupt my sleep   ugh  
if i had one wish      : (   sn: only ms shakura <propmale> knows wat i would wish for i  love  my sister!!
"tired of lies and games> ready to snap on a bih(quick, fast, and in a hurry)!!!!! : (sn: i hate this feeling   i feel like someone is hiding something   mmmm  investigation detective codename: itty bit is on the prowl     ?"
ready to snap on a bih dis early      its gon take a miracle for me to be happy dis mornin ugh!!!
ugh    the whole band dance team had to run 2 laps   a bih ws dehydrated n bout to pass out    ugh    man btim sippin my gatorade feelin refreshed 
ughhhhhhh!!!
vibin 2 dat gud <propfirst> linium    we didnt win bt that greenwave still go hard in beast mode   they always my #1    4get wat u heard   we da best!!!
go go gon head go go gon head go    go <propfemale> go go go  go go <propfemale>      go!!
just saw 'devil' wit mi mommy n bro   had a gud time we smashed that popcorn before the movie even started  hahaha    aghhhh  good times!!! : )
keep it 100: are you wit me or against me?
"im sooooo done wit some ppl   from now on im nt talkn to nobody  nobody!!!!>  im blockn evrybody out   i cnt trust nobody    my words get all twisted and a bih be ready to snap on me   u snap on me u gets snapped back on  : dont start nun, wont be nun    you wanna start sum  ok umma finish it  im done wit bein the nice 1   im goin in block mode    haters    gossipers    lames   fakes  blocked!!!?"
up & running     still in block mode!!!
10-10-10      !!! block!!
idk what the problem is bt all this drama aint worthme losing one of my best friends   it takes 2 to build back a relationship   im willing bt is she?   it is wat it is   block mode!!!
this is exacly why i stay in block mode   to avoid crap like this   i dnt even kno what the drama is about   smh  fml    sn:????
today is a horrible day      evrything has gone wrong  ugh   man wat else can go wrong  10-10-10 has become such a dissapointment!!!!!?
got my simple pjs    black n rainbow leopard print   mhmmm   man i love shopping
bout to watch soul food   bout to cry through the whole movie   this movie e playful lains my family 2 the t   ugh  nd the memories start flashing back!! *tears
all by myself     no shoulder to cry on  no hand to wipe the tears     all by myself
you complete me    
"sometimes i look(stare) at myself in the mirror and think  why me?  why did he choose me, why do i have to get hurt, why am i the one who cares about you sooo much, why cant i get over you, why cant i let go, why would you choose me? shes prettier, better    why me?"
so ive had an absolutely horrible week    now im on he side of the road with a flat tire   yea   great   just another thing to f up my already f'd up week    im a my breaking point wit dis ish !!! im done!!!
you dont see through me   i see right through you   bt now i see clearly   
"and i can do bad all by myselfbut, that dont mean i want toso, i think its time, that i go solocuz you really takin' me so low, so lowi dont wanna goi been in this and i need to get outand now is the time to tell youthat im bout to go solo, solocuz you really takin' me so low, so low"
bout to smash some oreos   definitely is!!!!! so happy all this is done and over with    a fresh start hallelujah!!!!
"i love the way people lie to you and all you can do is smile && laugh cuz you kno they lying  ugh  bout time i do me and put me first  a new beginning to a horrible ending   time to cut some ppl and make sum new (real) friends   tell the truth shame the devil, you lying you must worship the devil   ugh  im a child of god  poof!!!be gone trick!!!"
"somebody gon get <propmale> dirty 2morow   nd ooo wee   ima be laughin inside   i gt some fake associates  bout time they knew  better yet its bout time i let them kno nd be like\well at least im bein real nd nt lyin rite in ur face\""     i dnt do fakes so u dnt gotta speak to me u dnt even need to look at me  cuz regardless uma do me____simple!!! get yo mind right!!!!"""
today is gonna be a weird day  b hey wat cn i say im nt gon apologize for wat i feel cuz um nuthn less than real    you dnt like it   move around   dats too bad   cuz um livin life to please me & god   4get wat the next bih gotta say  dnt feel bad cuz the focus is on me nd ur no longer in my view   cuz im lookin past you   girl get yo mind right!!
today is gonna be an interesting day   hop nun dnt pop off   sosme feelings gonget hurt cuz uma say all i gotta say  out of love of course bt ima be real   if u dnt like it dats ur problem  cuz ur no longer rmy concern my choice my friend or my problem    it is wat it is   girl get yo mind right!!!
gettn my toes && nails done!!!
"wants to cry,bout to cry*tears"
walk in my shoes look from my point of view   *get on my level*    get yo mind right!!!
when you look up and see that shooting start that shines so bright   it's me  i'll be in the sky!!!!*
"who laugh last, always laugh the best!!!!"
everyone have fun at homecoming!!! party hard for me  : )         ( post pics)
i hope everyone had a good time at homecoming!!! (cnt wait to see all the pics)
i need 2 kno who my real friends are    let me take a check on that   are you my real friend???
"i wanted to change who i was  create a life as someone new, someone without the past    *without the pain, someone alive   *but it's not that easy  the bad things stay with you  they follow you    you can't escape them   all u cn do is be ready for the good  so when it comes, you invite it in, cuz u need it  i need it   (this e playful lains exactly how ive been feeling    so i stole it  lol)"
"we're moving on but i will never forget the times we shared, the laughs that wer unstopable, the hugs that made my day, and the ki**** that wer so deep  ill never forget you becuz we made each other happy for the time being   too bad it couldnt last forever!!!! ill always  love  you nd ill 4eva hve ur back   ?"
its a shame things had to happen this way   bt i learned a lesson and found out who my real friends are   im doin me   do you   wat happened let me kno allot bout ur character  deuces!!
switching to florida virtual schools- no more ft myers high : (   : )
im doin me this time round   im doin me im finally found   id rather be by myself i wont let ur problems hold me down sn: doin me & lovin it   get off my trail cuz best believe i wont be no wer near yours    
its a shame how two faced some ppl is    even the ppl u dun known for the longest time have a way of showing they true colors   well at least i kno now    deuces sn: im doin me & lovin it   i suggest u do u!!!
the more i try to be the good person the more i feel like the dumb person   bt hey it is wat it is    im tired of fightin in dis war    u win some u lose some   i chose neither   instead i just gave up  sn: im doin me & lovin it   i suggest u get on my level and do the same-do you!!!
"its funny how ppl think they the center of my attention    when really only they stupidity is  nd just so u kno    i aint finto break my neck to speak to u   u cnt speak, i cnt speak either     u aint nun to me so i could care less      sn: im doin me    && i suggest u do u!!!"
has had an awesome week    : )   hopefully this friday just sets off my week and crunkness for the game today    cuz u kno dat greenwave gon get off!!! ill always  love  that greenwave!!!~     sn: go greenies!!! : )>
i cant stand when females cn swear up and down that they the realist      when evrybody know she the fakest thing since <propfemale>     !!! sn: do it look like i care what you think   naw!!! you do u nd ima do me-simple
"gettin so tired of people claimin to be my best friend bt turn out to be faker than barbie    its all good    all im sayin is on to the next one!!!!! i dont gt time for your moods or your attitude  you dont gotta talk to me cuz best believe you aint gon make me or break me   im betta of without u anyways   your friend card has been decline, ripped up, nd thrown away   good day ma'am!!!! ( and yes, im talkin bout you)"
maaannn    whoever created all the 'saw' movies is a freackin psycho!!!!  i mean   who thinks of ish like this?-------a psycho!!!!!!?
omg  missed the <propmale> <propmale> hernandez    now hes back on fb   man i missed my jojo     lol jajaja ?
"yea    uuumm i dnt need fake friends    get with the program and get ya mind right   i dnt need nobody bt me myself nd i   bt i gt me lexi pooh berta boo  nd che smiley    deuces trick cuz i dnt run witcha    sn: im so happy, free, and doin me!! get wit it or get gone!!!"
(my turn) i can't even lie      ?
"those memories made in the coldest winter   gone, over, left behind   just kno that you dnt matter  the only thing that matter r me, my family, my music ,my <propmale> ,and my education      yea evrything and evryone- if u cnt get wit it then youll get left behind    -<propfemale>"
"sometimes i just sit back  relax  nd think to myself \wtf was i thinking\""!?!?!?"""
bout to quite school and get a job  im dead serious  i aint gon drop out just do virtual school   cuz i need sum funds &&& i ant finto ask <propfemale> n9gga for 'em   simple       independent   !!!!!!!
wait   is it true???? mrs lovejoy is gone 4evr?????
"call me whatevr you want bt 3 things you cant call me is fake, creep, and flaw!!!?"
up&& runnin   to grannys house i go   hopefuly i hve a gud day  nt feelin too good bt at the same time im good as cn be(happiness will do that to you) sn: im doin me  get off my trail& do you!!!!!
toot it & bootin' it    slippin' & slidin' it   prettygirl swaggin' it   all the way to mariner!!! let's get it in!!!!!!
bout to slip n' slide it  & pretty girl swagg it back to the fmhs dome   cuz mariner got toot'd && boot'd!!!!! we gets it in!!!!!!!!!!
fruit punch    blue gatorade     lemonade    and some sprite to top it off!!!- yep cuz im slip`n n slid`n it & prettygirl swagg`n it   no toot`n and boot`n
"if you worry bout how you dress, then you won`t have to worry bout how i dress      get off my trail n` hop back on yours!!!!!"
man i am so not slippin n slidin or anything cuz i feel like crap  i am so sore for no reason  this is nt whats up  bout to cry from this chest pain : (
"free weezy!!! weezy gets out today, thank god  cant wait for him to drop some new ish weezy is being freed!!!"
chillin like a villian makin a killin`~ cant wait till thanksgiving  the whole family is gon be 2gether      so ready cuz they throws down in the kitchen dat gud gud ~ on other hand im so glad weezy is free!!!!!  sn:im doin me    get off my trail and hop back on yours    hugh*
looking forward to finishing this week off greatly  yesterday was so fun     someone(troy) gt whooped wit a pink flip flop while someone (cache) walkd around wit a pink flip flop and a blck dinkle    lol ugh the times of my life!!! love my friends(kk frandey lex che triice)  laugh 
straight superiors      ft myers high band is the ish all up & thru florida && we got that beast football team that greenwave!!! -yes   so hym- ft myers -simple- enough said*
at the house with cache' <propfirst>  i told her she gotta cook me pancakes and eggs and just like i said she on her job makin me breakfast  such a great sister love   sn: straight superior   dat greenwave!!!!!!!!!!! me n che is sore from all that runnin round jumpin nd yellin in the cold last night  bt it ws worth it  ( love  kk  che  lexi  frandey  triice)
eatin some good fish!!!                sn: got straight superiors!!! yes im a certified band geek lol !!!
how ghetto could you be   gettin married at a corner store    really!!!!
1 go to google  2  type in 50 most popular women on the web  3  go to link #7  4 laugh and like
q & a time  ask me a question       
"some people just dont know how to forgive and forget   its a part of growing up that ive started already cuz i have other things to do and other things to worry about  i dont have time for all the childish stuff   when you get on my level come see me and let me know    im on a higher level!!!!!     sn: on my grown woman,doing what has to be done & what needs to be done "
auditions for all county today    symphonic band concert tommorow    allen park reading parade friday    weelend may be spent with my sister cache idk yet!!!
family && god is all you got  but god is the one you can trust beyond a doubt-!!! sn: so happy i could see my other family today  that just made my month!!!
this week is all about my music: which isnt different from any other week band concert today   parade tomorw     then saturday im back at the the school to volunteer!!! looks like im goin to be seein allot of ft myers high school!!!   sn: thanking god for waking me up this morning!!!- lovin my music>> music is love
"this is just a shame  you are grown and want to play these games that even i have grown out of  you are grown and your acting like you was born in 2000  like, seriously ???      grow up !!!"
really??? do it look like i care???     sn: you dont care i dnt care  it is wat it is 
looking forward to having a good day and it aint gon happen that way  im so tired of this  i got better things to do beside sit & talk & worry bout the next person  get off my trail before you get pushed off  dang aint nobody worrying bout you cuz you do wat you want to do and hear what you want to hear  i aint on that  -be gone!!!!!
mom: dis yo uncle new benz | me: a benz? dis look like a <propfemale> to me!!! | mom laugh uh <propfemale> benz | me: rmaonf hahahahahaha sn: i felt soooo dumb - so hilarious!!!
"the wo-world is my punchin’ bag and\if i’m garbage, you’re a bunch of maggots\make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me\\show me the target so i can lunge and attack it!!!!!!"
h a t e r s = having anger towards everyone reaching success?
at subway  me shakura and cache bout to smash the subs lol      sn: thanks shakura!!!
ashante is        (finish the sentence)
ashante is        (finish the sentence)
"i have a headache so bad my head has gone numb  my nose is running  my eye hurts  my stomach is bubbling  and i cnt walk without getting sleepy, tired, or light headed  i feel like crap!!!    sn:i need prayer   seriously!!!    : ((("
believe me im not hatin on you    i just really dont like you  simple!!!     sn: im doin me!!!
happy thanksgiving fb!!!!! give thanks and be happy  i am thankful for evrything especially god and my family          sn: i am happy for my sisters <4eva>  sad ache  lex  kura  triice  <propfemale>  keana  jasil  frandey - looking forward to making our bonds stronger girlies  i  love  you all 
happy thanksgiving fb!!!!! give thanks and be happy  i am thankful for evrything especially god and my family sn: i am happy for my sisters <4eva>  sad ache  lex  kura  triice  <propfemale>  keana  jasil  frandey - looking forward to making our bonds stronger girlies  i ? you all         ssn: just had a sample of the <propmale> and cheese- and it is off the chain!!!!!!!!?
shopping con mi madre!!!
been at this salon for 3 hours and im not even the one getting my hair done  ugh  this is foof 
just smashed a cold cut tria sub from subway  it was dee-lii-shis!!!
dont you hate when people take their anger out on you      just because they already mad at someone or something  gosh just forget it 
i keep on fallin in and out of love with you  sometimes i love ya sometimes i feel used  lovin you darlin makes me so confused  i keep on fallin in and out of love with you  i never loved someone the way that im lovin you i keep on fallin in and out of love with you 
bout to smash this cold cut tria sub from subway       again!!!!!
"cuz it's my life   no stress no fights, i'm leavin it all behind    no tears   no time to cry just making the most of life!!!!!!?"
im thinkin i missed the bus so i hurry nd slap on a skirt nd run outside  just to my suprise evrybody is standing outside waiting for the bus  i tried to go back in the house nd change       and the door was locked!!! fml!!!
"when i let go of what i am, i become what i might be- lao tzu"
"it's these times that i break down thinking about starting another year without my grandma's  without it will never be the same  i still have come to terms with it  every new year, birthday, or holiday it like she dies again   like im just finding out the bad news  no grandma no nothing  r i p to grandma's <propfemale> and <propfemale> ?"
"so i was thinkin i was bad last night, i was whippin my hair you know  whippin my neck back and forth, now i feel like i have a broken neck  now i see why they that whippin your hair is dangerous    because if you do it enough you won't have a neck to whip !!!!!!!!?"
"don`t hate me for bein me, hate urself cuz u aint me- now <propmale> that!!!!!"
"*watching a scary movie* (chick is screamin and running in slow motion)   \ run b*tch ruuuunnn\""!!!! ( chick gets killed) \"" i told yo a9s to run  if you would've listened you wouldn't have got killed  ugh stupid b*tch\""!! lolz """
"i'm a hard pill to swallow baby, but i can make you feel better!!!!!?"
: ) happy!!!!!!!
"i'm a hard pill to swallow baby, but i can make you feel better!!!!!? snl: happy because i'm happy!!!!! ; )"
why did you do this to me   ugh  im so confused!!!!!! sn: you can't have yo cake and eat it 2  either you have it and it's staring you in the face---you tempted but you don't take a bite   0r     you take a bite and suffer the consequences!!!!- your choice
bored   someone text me( i need a textn buddy)   sn: love you sister : ) gun nite- i  love  my sister cache' <propfirst>!!!!!!!
praying for my <propmale> <propmale>    may god be with him 
mad   my parents left me at home   they said i ws taking too long and i ws making them late  now i hd to spend the day at home  ugh!!!
"you saying i'm short is just like saying \the sky is blue\""   you're stating the obvious and the understood  and what's obvious and understood should not have to be e playful lained nor repeated!!!!!!"""
"got a problem with me- solve it\think im trippen- tie my shoes\cant stand me- sit back down\cant face me- turn around"
thanking god for blessing me to see another day     also still praying for my dawg <propmale> (thank god for blessing him and his family) ily <propmale>!!!!!!!  sn: have sooo much on my mind its a shame  just gotta stick through it ugh  i need a getaway  : 3
where are all the real dudes    who dont lie or cheat  im starting to believe they dont exist anymore- someone please prove me wrong!!!!!
"single is what i am and how i want to stay  being in a relationship is difficult and i have better things to do than worry bout a dude plus other chicks  simple, we cn be friends bt nothing more  cuz i dnt hve time  even if i did hve time i wouldnt waste it on that  i hve better things to do like     homework!!! yea    i hve goals in life and havin a dude aint one of `em#getwiththeprogram"
"ive decided that i cried my last tear, yesterday!!! nobody ( not even you) seems to care anyways   might as well wipe the tears away and do what i do best (hold my head high)  i put my trust in you once and you failed me      i just       (tears) : ("
"ummmm, dont you see me havin a conversation? don`t interrupt, rude!!!!! sn: ready to have a good day : ) "
all <propfemale> game on swole     played the half time show and felt like my fingers were being cut into pieces  tomorrow we have a concert outside in the cold  sn: finto eat   take a shower   take some nyquil   and hit the bunk!!!
sick from that dang all <propfemale> game!!!    i  an sueing and somebody gon pay for me to get some cough drops and some medicine and medical attention if i need it  <propfirst> county school board get ready!!!!!
just got a new      !!!(you guess)
had like 3 bus crashes today    sn: i want some white macadamia nut cookies
so we was at church and      cache tripped over a can of (stationary) peanuts!!! and then        i tripped up the stairs and          i fell off a table and      she almost fell off a chair and     i ran into the wall and      we had a good time and then got mad and frustrated and it was awesome!!!
finto smash a sub from subway     !!!!!
shopping con mi madre!!!!
bout to put my clothes up     wrap up in a blanket and      watch a movie!!! sn: guna get cozy   i  love  rainy days #thatswassup
watching <propmale> & <propfirst> and eating my homemade nachos- that i made!!!!!!
i need headphones for christmas!!!!!
some people are so funny    stop making a joke out of everything and look what's right in front of your face!!!!!!!!!!!
me myself and i thats all i got   in the end thats (cant trust nobody)what i found out   and it aint no need to cry   i took a vow that from now on imma be my own best friend!!!!!!!
needs- headphones  mp3  ipod  or something else 4 christmas!!!!
missing the sisters     allot!!!!! cache' <propfirst>  and <propfirst> <propmale>   love 
soooooo frustrated   im only one person   give me breathing room      #leave me alone
taking my 4 hour class      wish me luck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy  confused  dissapointed- idk how i could do this to someone after i had it done to me!!!
just passed my 4 hour drug and alcohol class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"soooo im talkin to my friend on the phone   and i start screaming and looking for my phone  i put her on hold  look for my phone and come back  i tell her \ i can't find my phone\"" she says \"" you talkin on yo phone right now you crack head\""   ugh gud times- remember that cache' <propfirst>"""
"you supposed to be a thug,a goon, gangsta or whatever-since when do gangstas and thugs ride bikes????"
<propfemale> christmas 2 everyone!!!         sn:up & running!!!
smashed the food and now im headin home!!!! sn: bumpin dat new plies mixtape- 239 yessur
it doesn't take allot to put a smile on my face - i'm not high maintenance
if i lost you i wouldn't cry- i would die!!!!
bored out of my mind       ughhhhhhhh!!!!! sn: heated- >: [
# game   inbox me!!!!!
#53- my lil cutie     i kinda had a lil crush on ya lol 
#674-  love your pretty girl swagg lol  your really pretty and nice  and unlike most girls at our skul you dont have a bad name for yourself  #dats wassup
#8- one of my besties  i used to hve a small crush on you- cute  i know you had a lil crush on me 2 
"#18- my ex-brother in law  i guess  bt anyways your a real cool dude(always 100)\really clicked witcha and i miss those 100 comment midnight chats those used to be the ish lol  : )"
# game   inboe me!!!!!
# 5   i dont think i know you bt you look like a lil thug- but sweet  mhhm : ) cute i must say!!!!!
"#26- where do i start  you hve been there from the beginin and youll be there at the end  i knw i cn count on you  your literally the sister i never had that i always wanted  i can be myself, you keep me in check  it like you know me inside and out  i would be nothing without you you have surely mad a positive influence and you have forever left you stamp on my heart   \ love  you sister!!!!!! ( muuuahhh)"
"see me, myslef- i like to think that i was created    for a special purpose- and uh; what`s more special than you?- you feel me!!!"
"\bein a certain color attract the police\""- plies"""
so lonely              
gray!!!!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> jacquet - i am in tears    thanx
"boy pleaaaassee, if you don't get out my face!!!!!"
"{poke} me if you had a crush on me or still have one\{like} this if you think i'm a good friend\{message} me if you ever wanted to date me or still do\{comment} if we have any good memories"
bout to make brownies and cake!!!!
"baby, i don't want your hand if it only wants to grab one thing!!!!"
ugh   its just amazing how im always the one to mess everything up!!?? sn: idk
"just finished smashin the brownies     yuuum!!! : ) sn: makin this website for the bestie  sister, cache' <propfirst> , and myself!!!! ssn: lots on my mind : ?"
inbox me a color & a question and i will answer it on my status
pink: people who lie & cheat  also when people accuse me of something i didnt do   i will literally argue until they get tired- i aint goin out like that  i cant say there is a certain person that bothers me bt- bouje and fake people i just cant stand!!!
"black: i did like you for a while, bt then you went out with my sister  you a real good honest, christian dude  you kept me rollin and thats what i liked bout you  i always felt like i could speak my mind around you!!!!!!"
inbox me a color & a question and i will answer it on my status
this girl got me up at 12:51 playing guitar hero      hacked by the big sis: ca'che <propfirst>
up playing monopoly nd guitar hero with the big sister    love her    she made me breakfast for dinner ( i always make her cook when i visit) sn: my mama gon kick my buttowski cuz i ws supposed to go home!!!!!
"like i said before   things will never be the way they were before  that's just how it is      the faster you except it the better off we both will be cuz im tired of goin back and forth  it stops here, so the next time i pop in your head just remember the times we had    cuz new memories can not be made!!!!"
tell me who do you know that is so bad he gets 79 likes on his status in 10 seconds and almost 3000 likes in 1 minute???: lil <propmale>!!!!!!!
just smashed a chicken bacon ranch sun from subway!!!!!
sittin in the car with my mom eatin jello!!!
"im not the flavor of the week ,so no you cant't try me!!!!!"
wants new york style cheese cake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"money can`t buy me    shawty is a dimepiece      i`m not the flavor of the week so no! you can`t try me     you trippin,got me twisted   i might be young but i`m all about my business!!!!! - miss swagga"
"haterade\comes in many flavors\pick one!\can’t nobody knock you off\long as you on your ten hut\said i couldn’t it done\i did it now so then what\then what?\swag in tact\i got it done and then some\\what-you act like you never seen no soldier girl\where you from they don’t be up on them soldier girls\come rain or sunshine\i be on the front line\i ride for my soldier girls"
cant sleep!!! hmu -if anybody is up & running like i am!!!
sleepover with my mom  lol  playin dominoes and cards!!!!!  love 
"sh  t, you know deep down, i will always love ya"
ugh finally done cleaning  i am tired!!!!!
"sleepover with the ladies tonite   gt my mom and my aunt  yep its goin down !!!\sn: cooking gizzards and rice w  vegetables  might make some biscuits : )"
"missin the sisters (cache' che' <propfirst>  , <propfirst> <propmale>  , keana <propfirst>, <propfemale> <propfemale> jacquet  ) right about now  cant wait till monday so i can see my girls "
okk  lets just say you was married and had 2 kids  then you found out that your husband  wife was your blood brother sister  what would you do??????
sleepover with the ladies  bout to take it in for the night!!!  sn: happy     : )
got up watchin bet        now headed 2 the store with the ladies to get our taco stuff for dinner       then back to the house for some fun!!! sn: cant wait to go to school tomorro   : )
"dont you hate when people on fb spell yo name wrong  i mean come on      my name is spelled correctly and its right in front of yo face!!!!! what ,you blind 2?!? my name is not <propfemale> or ashantae it is ashant`e     come on say it with me now      a-sha-n-t-e !!!!! ugh"
had some good tacos tonight    guna make the rice crispy treats when i wake up      sn: i need to stay after skul for softball but need a ride home- anyone want to volunteer!??!??!
no rice crispies for the sisters today they have to wait till tomorro cuz i want them to be perfect!!! i love my sisters just that much- they deserve only the best : )  sn: very excited for the day ahead of me- god please bless it so it will be drama devil free!!! amen*
the first thing you do when you get up?      check your fb- duhhh!!! (besides brushing your teeth and all that good stuff)
cant wait to watch `the game` tonight on bet!!!!!
<propmale> kodjoe- ` nuf said!!!!!!   : )
had an amazing day thanks to someone  sn: love all my sisters they the only ones that i roc wit- lexi  <propfemale>  kura  keana  jasil  triice  frandey  che  asn: ladies we need to get ready for this trip to atl!!!
bored    hmu!!!!!!! ( dont hve the #? inbox and maybe youll get it)
i just cant find the words- : )
mad!¡ like really? ugh
not in a good mood : (       sn: somehow i feel like i was wrong       but im not
im so tired of trying to help people see the truth when all they do is ignore you      ive told you time and time again  fron now on ima tell you once and after that you can either figure it out on you own or continue to do what you do- look dumbfounded  ima worry bout myself cuz people these days dont appreciate it when you try to help them- everybody can fix they own problems 
im tired of you and your ego    so you and your ego can get to steppin'!!!!!!
"1  real or fake: real\2  love or hate: love\3  have i ever liked you: nope\4  hug or kiss: hug\5  ugly or cute: you martian ! jk pretty\6  chill or diss: chill\7  stranger or friend: i fux witcha\8  date or pass: pass\(like it)"
up && running!!!!! hmu-
up & running      hoping ill have a  good day    sn: wants to text someone    bt then again i dont!?!?!    (confused)
havent talked to you in 2 days  im goin crazy       ugh  sn: cache needs to pick up her phone!!!
eatin dat good ol` chocolate cake with white icing        yuuuuummmm!!!!!
like* and ill post what celebrity would play you in a movie!!!!!
looooooong day     allot on my mind!!!!!!  sn: got a hard decision to make : (
"titanic!!!    i just dont understand, <propfirst> gets to relive his life every time this movie comes on     yet he always makes the same dumb mistakes and dies ugh stupid <propfirst>!!!! lmfao jk"
still up     hmu (bored as usual)
mad im not going to the park because of someone   : (       sn: missin someone : )          { at this time im at : \\ }
smashing this cake    omg!!!!!
does anybody know what exams we have tomorro???
wow     lol  bored hmu!!!!!!
i really wanted to talk to you     and then when i did      you acted like you didnt want to talk to me     hmmmm ok
hungrier than a hostage     hahaha
missin my baby tj-*
watchin `the game`!!!!!
not in a good mood at all!!!!     : (
"im livin in the future, so the present is my past---- #ondat"
needs cheering up      : (
"often imitated ,never duplicated!!!!!"
i can tell im not in a good mood cuz the ` titanic ` is on       and i dont even want to watch it    : (
lets just hope i have a great day today cuz yesterday couldve been 10 times better      sn: he might be heaven sent
just woke up from a heavenly nap       that was much needed!!!    sn: now just waitin                : )
ready for work at the germain arena tomorro from 5: 30 pm- 10 surprise 0 pm   yea guna put some $$$$$ in my account    taaaahhhh!!!!!!!!
"if his status ain't hood\i ain't checkin' for him\betta be street if he lookin' at me \i need a soldier\that ain't scared to stand up for me\known to <propfemale> big things\if you know what i mean \gotta know to get dough\and he betta be street\{(239) taaaaaahhhh}"
on my way to get my permit     hmu!!!
pop off       !!!
"pretty good morning        now ready to go to work and <propfemale> with the sister, cache <propfirst>  loooooove the sister!!!"
"it's not that i hate you   it's just, put it this way  if you were on fire and i had water, i'd drink it "
just left germain arena with the sister cache    now headed home!!! hmu-
just gt home- hmu-   : )
up & running       hmu!!!
coming close to my breaking point    show me what it is or some changes will be made-    sn: needs someone to talk to  : \\
cookin gizzards & rice w  mized vegatables & corn bread!!!!!
love & basketball-   love 
ladies: if you got married to a pro athlete would you sign a prenup?             fellas: if you were  a pro athete would you want your girl to sign a prenup?
"not liking the vibe between us at all, whatsoever  : (           [fixit #asap]"
up & running       hmu!!!   sn annoyed orry its too late sister  : (
goin to the sisters concert at church later      if she picks up her phone!!!
just got done cleaning the bathroom now about to wash dishes  clean the livingroom and clean the kitchen  dining room      later im gonna eat and do *my medical procedures work     then im gonna finish washing drying  folding and hanging clothes    then im gonna do nothing - hallelujah!!!    sn: my parents should be sooo glad they have  good daughter!!!
helpin the moms cook dinner- barbecue chicken   mixed vegetables   dirty rice    & corn bread!!!
sooooo cold!!! sn: stayin up a lil longer then goin to bed+
gm fb!!! -up & running        lookin forward to an interesting morning day!!!  sn: its not as cold as i thought     but its cold enough*
god mom is having her baby boy!!!!!
oficially has a little brother       thank god    hope hes healthy and hope my mom is doin ok!!!!!
cant wait to oficially meet my little brother       hes such a cutie!!!     sn: happy      not lucky * just blessed- love the fam  : )
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
great day        sn: a lil strange feeling inside me tellin me sumthin    i just cant figure it out-??? hmmmmmmm
"o snaaaap, the sky is fallin ;the sky is fallin!!!!!!!"
gm fb! up & running    ( thank god for another wonderful morning ) lookin forward to a great day!!!    sn:my days have been excellent-   ; )
left school early     not feelin well at allllllll!!!
denzel washington or        wait      o wait he has no competition i forgot!!!!!
smashin     these <propfemale> crocker chocolate chip cookies   taaahhh!!!    : )   sn: still not feelin too well
dont touch my weave      if you get it wet- you payin for it    thats all i got to say!!! dont touch it unless you plan on payin for it !!!!!  sn: watchin good hair
home     still not feelin well!!!!!!!   crying    sad 
bet nobody can answer all the questions correctly  first name____ middle name_____ last name_____ age_____ birthday_____ eyecolor_____ hair color_____nickname_____ favorite color_____ bestfriend_____favorite thing to do____ the one person that i want to be with right now?______
"i got a future so bright ,it'll blind ya!!!!!!"
titanic- its a classic!!!
subway!!!-bout to eat fresh  :- d    laugh 
loves her che' buttercup <propfirst>!!!!!!!
up & runnin but not for too long    watchin `what chilli wants`    thinkin bout what exactly it is that i want!!!  hmmmmmmmm  (the things females go through in life) *sigh
back to sleep i go     got allot on my mind for some reason     *sigh
"well at least now i know who really cares and who doesnt   but no worries,  i`m not broken hearted   but you will be     sn: & to think i was ready- no more"
i love my buttercup!!!    love 
step brothers!!!!!!!
"if i say \i have a headache\""-that means i want you to shut up  if i say \""excuse me\""     thats means i would like for you to move  how many times do i have to say \""excuse me\""before i say  \""get the fuck out my way\""!!!?"""
hittin the books and doin this chemistry work!!!!
hopes to have a great      shoutout to thee sister cache kelly    its her big 1 7 today     make sure to say happy birthday    cant wait to celebrate with her!*
had the beeeessst time with the sister cache @ applebees  thee sister is growin to be a young lady    so proud to say that she is my sister   i love you butter cup!!! happy 17th- muuuuahh!!!
[no comment: blank page]
pickin up the cake   then off to the party   happy birthday 2 my brother <propfirst> murph aka rappa boi  love that guy    with all my heart  idk what i would do without his big head!!! muuuahhh!!! the big 2 0!!!
leavin the brothers party      had a great time  love the brother happy 20th birthday <propfirst>- rappa boi       sn: headin home to take it in hmu quickly be4 i tap out!!!   :  )
packers? steelers?        packers #leggo!!!!!!!
packers      'nuff said!!!                                         -packers? #leggo
green and yellow:: 14 - 0!!!! taaahhh!!!!!![<l playful ]
greeeeen and yeloooow    what did i say   taaahh   told yall we was gon take off    them packers all day every day !!!!!!!!!                               sn: forget them steelers   i bet you wiz lost allot of cash   includin them 10 g's he put up     be smart wiz go wit the packers     simple!!!  [<l playful ]
green & yellow    simple!!!!  #diditonem
cant sleep     goin thru it  : (   hopefully this mornin today will bring  a smile to my face!!! lord knows i need it-
literally smashin the pizza & wings!!! next is the cake*
"<propfirst>s day? ugh    no <propfirst> but hey   i got me, myself, my girls, and i!!!"
no more bein friendly cuz i really aint in the mood   grrrrrrrrr!!!!!   sn: aint got no friends      and no one i can truly trust  no one!!!!!! #blockmode
once again     because of my love for you i end up gettin hurt  how do i always let you drag me to this point  to deep to get out now    but i have to find a way  things will never go the way i planned    or the way that you say they will  its better for me to get out now   than to risk getting hurt- any further  its hard to do- but im done 
had fun with the sisters today at the parade   we had 4 busses( insider)         sn: its bittersweet!!!
omg     i just drove my car for the first time in my entire life      thank baby jesus i survived  i messed up one time- it wasnt fatal  its actually pretty easy if you focus  im so extra proud of myself right bout now    yep yep i did it  mhmmmm went down queens in lehigh & everything       so proud & excited!!!!! : )
happy valentines day everybody!!!
don't be the average guy    go above & beyond     be real!!!   sn: i would hope you aren't below average*
missin the sisters  sn: school tomorro!!!
"w e you surely, absolutely, most positively cannot have your cake & eat it too <propmale>!!! #getwithit"
for valentines day     you get a car- now thats true love  lmao!!! taaaaaaaah*
march 12th& march 13th- the greatest days god has ever mad (insider) sn: i love my boo keana <propfirst>!!!!!  love  muuaaahhhhss
needs a textn <propmale> asap!! in santiagos kinda bored but playin a game where everyone catches balls      so nice!!!
i swear they play 'titanic' & 'love & basketball' like there is no tomorro        and i love it!!!!!!!!!
"so excited cant wait to get together with all the sisters   this will be a weekend to remember & so will the big atl!!!!!!! loves the sisters che' \buttercup <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propmale>, shakura <propmale>, <propfemale> jones!!!!!!  kiss  kiss  laugh "
interesting movie!!!!!  mmmmhhhmmm
@starbucks with the girls    love the sisters shakura & cache   sn: ready for this parade!!!
feelin sooooo invisible!!!    @ the mall  ready to go & get this parade over wit!
just thought about how much much my feet are gonna be hurting during & after this parade!!!!!
"bath & body works in the <propmale> mall- buy 3, get three free!!!!!"
sore beyond belief   marched 2 <propmale>  but you know dat greeeeenwaaave!!!  does it the best  had fun with the other bands etc  back to ca'ches house with the girls     more fun ahead of us!!!!!!
mmmmmm this is toooooo funny!!!!!!
prayin that today is better than these past days   cuz i aint wit it        sn: still at ca'che's
wow   havin fun with the momster!!!!!!!!!! taaaaahhh  sn: had fun this weekend   i learned allot    best believe you are terminated till further notice!!! thanx
woooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    [y39 smile ]
"aint thinkin bout nothing but me, myself, & i  i am not the one to be treated any way       becuz i am a devine original designed by god to be radiantly beautifully         and best believe i will not let anyone get i the way of my shine & happiness   #deuces [y39 smile ]"
"ice cream, honeycomb, <propfemale> sundae \sugar baby, cinnamon, <propfirst> sorbet \tastin like cake cut on ya birthday \but it's not for everybody (nope) it's not a buffet \said it's not for everybody (nope) it's not a buffet"
just got my cartilage pierced!!!!!!     sn: it actually didnt hurt as bad as i though it would*  : p
chick-fil-a        cookies & cream            milkshake !!!!!!!!!!! mmmmmmm!!!!
"had an awesome day     not worried bout nuthin or no one   sn: silly rabbit, tricks are for kids if the \terminator\"" is what you call me    the terminator i shall be!!! taaaahhh"""
sometimes you just have to smile to show people you dont care ?   laugh 
up & running for school      back @ it sn confidential doinme & aint worried bout the next bih 
a little prayer & support goes a long way                
lost my mind     in a great mood  smashin        the cookies n cream milkshake 4rm chick-fil-a!!!!!!!!  sn: good googly moogly!!!
blueberry!!!!!!!         how bout you???
"in class eatin, drinkin, listenin to music  & walkin round, talkin, text- havin a great time  sn:i love the sister keana!!! muaaaahhhs- i miss ya boo   asn: prayin for cache & <propfemale>!!! hope you chicks get better!!!"
our huge atl trip is in exactly 2 weeks   yeeahhh!!  sn: you got 2 wheels?   naw betta yet- you got 4 flats! taaaaahhh*
up & running    idk what ima do today  ugh  how bout i go back to sleep-yep dats a good idea!!! taaaahhhhh*
fair tonight!!!!! [\\m  smile ]   laugh  laugh 
"fair     w  the mom, brother, sister, & the rugrats   cant help but  love  'em!!!"
smellin like a dark kiss   agghhh bath & body works does me very well!!!! :  )
just left the fair      eatin a foot long corn dog   a <propfemale> apple     a funnel cake    chicken tenders    && cotton <propfemale>!!! feeln fat as ever  jk  just had a corn dog      &&        dats it!!!   sn: saw the cuzin 2nite        love my katara!!! : )
agh   what a morning  made me think about allot  sn: confused    but i still love ya boo!!!
dinner with the parents!!! #fam(ily)
dont you just hate to be the 3rd or 4th girl to comment on a dude pic               especially if he fine  cuz then you gon feel like a groupie  if you feel like you a groupie   thats yo sign to back up & let the dude have some elbow room!!! #yadigg
(guess its my turn) #confession      like it!!!
confession #1: i like dark skinned boys more than red boys   red boys be actin like they above you & like they be the shxt when half the time   they dont be  #getoveryourself
confession #2: i think its easier to <propfemale> round a bunch of guys- girls keep up 2 much drama  boys just fight & get it ova with or just dont talk @ all!!! #getitoverwith
"confession #3: i cant stand fake, flaw, or bouje people!!! go and raise yo nose at somebody else* #disgust me"
confession #4: i hate people who smile in yo face & talk behind yo back!!! #sayittomyface
confession #5: it is so ugly for a female to act like a hxe    especially if she think its cute #keepitladylike
"confession #6: i think its better to be single    cuz dudes in the 239 just aint no good-they aint nuthin but cheaters, ballers & mistreaters  #getittogether"
confession #7: i cant stand crabs #getyoown
confession #7: i cant stand crabs #getyoownshxt
confession #8: it is not   may i repeat not- cute to sleep with any & everything that can function      #clinicappointmentasap
confession #9: i cant stand when somebody know they dead wrong   but they wanna act like you the problem #ohxllnaw
confession #10: i cant stand fenales who always startin ish     cuz they think everybody hatin on them when really people just dont like them cuz the way the act    aka bouje   #likereally?
confession #11: i cant stand females who get with a certain guy & then think they the ish    little do they know that every other chick in florida done had him  #yourthedummy
confession #12: i would love to date a guy who isnt the same nationality as i am  #somethingnew
"confession #13: some fort myers high boys are just    une playful lainable  chasing a girl for her body little do you know when you kiss her you might as well be kissin you brothers, cousins, home- boys& maybe even your sister #letdown"
confession #14: i love <propfirst> beiber cuz he has haters out of this world!!!
confession #15: im afraid of heights but i love roller coasters & i really want to go sky diving &bunjy jumping #crazyme
confession #16: i love scary movies    forget the romance    i want somethin thatll have me trippin off the suspense      #iaintnevascared
confession #17: i cant stand baybay kids who think they the baddest thang poppin since popcorn   but knw they still scared of the dark   #smh!!!
confession #19: seeing girls where 4 inch heels to school makes my stomach hurt   wedges are ok   but if you cant walk in em best believe ima laugh in yo face when you fall  #shoeicide
confession #20: i want a tattoo sooooooooooo bad!!!!!!!
confession #21: im a nice person      but i don't be on dat friendly business!!!!
confession #22: i think its funny how people know me but i dont know them & then they wanna get mad!!!!! jajaja* #toofunny
doin me & feelin #worryfree as can be!!!!!
wowwwwwwwww what a day!!! sn: <propfemale> <propfemale> on deck    doin me & as care free as can be!!! :  )
wants lots of taco bell   mcdonalds     & chick- fil- a daaaannnnngggg!!!!! o yea and some debbiie snacks   ooo yeaa wit pickled sausage & some hoooot peanuts mhmmmmmmmmmm o gosh!!!!!!
"you gotta keep these nx99as out your face, out yo buisness, and out yo life  ppl these days will snake you & turn geek squad in a quick lil minute!!!!! do what you gotta do     start yo own hustle & do you  #beyourownboss"
my b-day in 12 days       & the sister shajuanna lytle-thompson's b-day in 2 days        yep march is officially the best!!!!!! 3 & 13- the best days evaaaaaa!!!! love you sister & miss you bunches    muuuuuuahhhhh*
im so hot       i set fire to the rain!!!!!!
"\niar eht ot erif tes i\"" dna \""peed eht ni gnillor\"" seleda sevol"""
the big 1 6 in nine days !!!!!  #simple
"if you can snake me once, you can snake me twice!!!!!"
blueberry!!!!
"little things like a back rub, a hug, or even a hand 2 hold- make a big difference!!!!! sn: doin me & as worry free as can be*"
spending the weekend with the wifey keana    missin the other wifey <propfemale> boo      !!!!!!!
t g i fridays @ belltower with the wifey keana    then to the movies!!!!!
keana was here       love 
smashin dis oreo blizzard!!! sn: wanted a chick-fil-a oreo milkshake      but they wer closed* #perfect
te amo- *<propfirst> giraldo!!!!!
-sometimes we outgrow the ones we love                                                                             -sometimes its just not enough                     -sometimes its hard to love                           +sometimes its all of the above!!!               +sometimes its none of the above!!!
what is love??? love told me i was everything & treated me like i was nothing  love made me feel like i was on cloud 9 but took me to my lowest point  love tricked me into giving my all & lowering my standards  love????          its nothing to me!!! because i come first*   #f'loveimtiredoftrying
love & basketball!!!!! sn: now all i need is the titanic & no interruptions & ima be good to go!!!!!!! hahaha [:-bd]
looks can be deceiving      just ask some of the fake girls @ ft  myers high- they know all about it!!!  sn: some pple can seem like a friend & turn out to be the worst you ever had-#yourlessonlearned
r i p happy birthday grandma     i love & miss you soooo very much  just come back please    we cant do it without you  <propfemale> j  collins r i p   sn: i know you tearin up the kitchen in heaven!!!!!
the concert?*            [blank stare]
the funniest thing happened to me this morning         sn: better luck next time!
facebook is not the way to pick up a chick         you a ballatition on a mission!          a mission for what?         epic failure???   #nogame
you had a 2nd chance     you dont get a 3rd       sn: && no im not sorry
awesome day   (1) i get 5 free sodas out the vending machine!!!- i bought 1 & it spit out 5 extra ones* (2) i get free pizza (3) <propfirst> tells me i look like  a nun from <propfemale>        awesome         headed to palmetto ridge high for fba with the band!!!  sn: tomorro's agenda: atl with the band*  #roadtrip
awesome day   (1) i get 5 free sodas out the vending machine!!!- i bought 1 & it spit out 5 extra ones* (2) i get free pizza (3) <propfirst> tells me i look like  a nun from <propfemale>        awesome         headed to palmetto ridge high for fba with the band!!!  sn: tomorro's agenda: atl with the band*  #roadtrip
just got done with my hair    sleep for 25 minutes!!!!! then atl      up & running
"cant believe ive been up for 24 hours straight!!!!!  omg band is gonna be the death of me*  sn: atl      w the girls? prayin for a safe, fun, happy trip!!!"
atl we on the way      with the girl foolin it on the bus!!! love all these chicks to death*
"me & these crazy classy chicks just caught a lil babe on the bus    taaahhh  we goin in  \atl\"" aint ready for all of us  sn: gotta love 'em _bandprincess_"""
at hawthorn suites      dis hotel look like a bunch of apartments!!!!!!! _bandprincess_
headed to hardrock cafe with the girls      ready to smash!!!     sn: laser light show after dinner     this will be a weekend to remember-  : ) _bandprincess_
this hardrockcafe is on swole     im talkin bout ft myers high+south high swole!!! awesome time with the girls & abdias!!! _bandprincess_
hotlanta     or should i say coldlanta cuz it is cold- as- heck!!! we on the bus & we can still see our breath* sn: kickin it with these crazy classy chicks   love 'em to death     i dont have any other choice*
had fun at the parade    but i swear it is so hot you can melt a fresh popsicle in 10 seconds!!!!!!   sn: kickin it with the chicks    hotlanta _bandprincess_
so proud of myself      i walked up stone mountain & it was awesome    sn: ghost walk with the girls? hmmm _bandprincess_
"climed 1,686 feet of mountain    &&    i didnt die! _bandprincess_"
the big 1 6!!! _bandprincess_
thanx to everyone for the lovely b- day wishes!!! love yall sn: phone dying
"remembering in middle school    someone told me \burn & die in hell\"" she was gon get the business but i was too scared that she would sit on me!!!!"""
as you grow up- your best friend becomes your worst enemy  #thatslife
blind fury be killin it!!!!!!!
"friendship is a struggle, accept it  friendship is an advanture, dare it  friendship is life, fight for it  friendship is too precious, do not destroy it!!!"
"i never had sex, smoked weed, been drunk, snuck out, or skipped class\\whoever *likes* thinks you're lying"
gettin hooked up with that super perm    yea i got that rough stuff ( && i aint ashamed) agh!
today is going to be a great day!!!!! #noworries
how old do i look?                     sn: i need honest opinions not jokes!!!
ready for my day to start so i can get it over with!
some of these lil girls @ fmhs gettin besides they self      uugghhh-uugh
mmmmmmmmmmmm??????[:-?]
if i had a wish     i seriously dont know what i would wish for! sn confidential thatsjustsad
some of these ft  myers high boys have me everything but gone     more like dissapointed & disgusted    ugh!!!    sn: our generation is just pitifull+
serious question:male & female: i want somebody to e playful lain to me why boys would rather go out with a ugly red girl than to go out with a beautiful dark skinned girl  it bugs me when a chick think she can size me cuz she red  little do she know that i will slap the black off her- the little bit of black she got  i need honest opinions!
thanx to my beautiful aunt <propfemale> filardi she always knows what to say to make everything 10x's better  love ya mwaaaazzz!!!!!!
my hair is black dark brown  burgandy  light brown& dirty blonde      ftw!!?!!
just smashed a subway sweet onion & chicken teryaki sub     after  i smashed the barbecus ribs   they was bangin!!!!!
money can buy you happiness!!!
"if you wanna be a leader\check your ego at the door \yeah, be a trend setter, be a go-getter,"
"im not gonna be the one you call-cuz you missed out on a good one-why you all on me-im not gonna be the one you call-cuz i forgot all about you why you all on me- you should really go back to her-cuz rite now you reckin my nerves-cuz im not gonna , not gonna be the one you call!"
yea i see you watchin me yea & i been watchin you too  the only thing im waitin for is for you to make the move!! #imready
