845224679ecd5907d71ee8c9a176bee7
omg watching paint dry is more entertaing than the super bowl    the half-time show was pretty cool though    ya gotta love the who
haha i love it when i get my way  playful 
i'm stalking laura-kins        she'll never know    shhhhhhh
i miss how things used to be  sad 
ughhhh some people should just be eaten when there born!
uggh i have to write a 3 <propfemale> paper by tomorrow! i probably should've started sooner       lol
am i stupid to even consider this? ughhh thinking this much hurts  sad 
i keep telling myself it's only three more years but i don't think i can make it   
wow that's some talent! no matter how good of a mood i'm in you can always ruin it with just a few words  good for you!
uggh my cousin is an idiot!!!!
dentist in the morning    i actually have to get up before noon   ugh the horror!!
haha i've reached a new level of procrastination     putting off doing a paper that's already over do  
anybody know when the tkm paper for english is due?
god facebook is distracting      at this rate i'll never have my paper done  troubled 
is thinking that somedays it's not even worth chewing through the restraints   
whenever i'm sad i just imagine if babies were born with mustaches   
"makeing a cd for my bro, his birthday is tomorrow so be sure to annoy him!"
ughhh after a day like today i think it's time to break out the voodoo dolls   
wow people are so fake   
"for a second i wish the tide would swallow every inch of this city, as you gasp for air tonight "
ughh i feel horrible    i'm going to kill <propfirst> tomorrow!
just got done talking to him and i miss him already!  sad 
i've decided i'm going to give you one more <propmale>    of course you don't know that you screwed up in the first place there for you do not need the second <propmale> but i'm giving you one so don't do it again  please  lol i need to lay off the med's   
your such a liar i hope you catch diseases from that dirty whore! i can't belive i was so stupid   
i'm over it  i was too good for you anyway  laugh 
tonight's the night the world begins again   
"well i'm not dumb but i can't understand why she walks like a woman an talks like a man  oh <propfemale>, l o l a <propfemale>"
it's getting closer    i'm kind of scared of how she will react    i just hope it's easier this time  annoyed 
i hate him! summer won't be over fast enough!
noooooooooo! i don't wanna wait for chapter 81!!! i wanna know now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
here comes the sun doo doo doo : d
took a walk in the rain    my head feels so much clearer
"can i get your hand to write on,\just a piece of led to bite on,\what a night to fly my kite on, do you want to flash a light on\take a look it's on display for you  smile "
yay! i thought i broke my thingy then i googled how to fix it and it's all better! i love the internet!
haha giant jesus burned down! lol how's that for irony?
    you ever feel like your the only sane one left?
"you try to keep me in this box, seperating me from the world and anything that makes me happy  just when i start to see a little light shine through the cracks you go and black it out  congraulations, you win  i quit  i'm done trying to be happy "
i have to go to the thyroid doctor tomorrow  sad  i hate that idiot  i have no idea how he ever became a doctor  hopefully i'll finally get taken off the meds 
well the doctor said that if my blood test comes back normal then i can stop taking them! he doesn't think they will but what does he know? it's my body!  smile 
"i'd like to see our roles reversed, to see you <propfemale> on every word, i'd like to see you have your way "
haha you know what's fun? going on urban dictionary and searching peoples names  i did mine and some of them sounded exactly like me others said i was a slut! lol i love that site  smile 
"it's hard to respect someone who gets drunk, gets sick, and then e playful ects sympathy  i hate it when people drink in general  it's disgusting and you know it's going to make you sick so why even do it? i will never understand how people think  or rather don't "
i love the old spice commericals! that guy is sooooo hot!
spending the night at drea's tonight  her party is gonna be funnnn  smile 
"ok so apparently my boyfirend is fucking crazy  he texted me at 1 this morning saying he wanted to break up and that he was going to kill himself  about 5 minutes ago <propfemale> and <propfirst> called and said he jumped off his roof, broke a few ribs and almost punchered his heart  why do i always get the crazy ones?"
somedays all i do is watch the sky   
"hmm can't decide which to watch, the ring, or the grudge  they're both kinda dumb maybe i'll just watch nightmare on elm street    again"
i'm ine playful licably happy today   
"went to the pool with <propfirst> and retards 1,2,&3  had a blast but now i look like a lobster  the sun is not nice to the albino kid  sad "
went shopping today  got a couple pairs of earrings and a dress 
"the whole world is watching, we haven't come this far to fall off the earth "
went to the mall today  got some school clothes and my cartilage pierced  lol
ugghh  i gots a splitting headache  i think i'll try to get some sleep  nighty~night  smile 
why don't i ever take my own advice    or advice period?
"i really hate to say this but, i can't wait untill school starts! there, i said it  mock me if you wish v v"
"got my schedule annoyed 1 algebra ii- hutch\2 healthy living-frank-getting it changed because i didn't sign up for it  sad  1st sem \gym-adams 2nd sem \3 french ii- curtin\4 media- mcghee\5 wuss 10- karns\6 english- hough\7 chemistry- <propfirst>"
"morning! you know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and \like a boss\"" is playing  laugh   see you soon!"""
did not have a good day at all  sad  i feel like i'm going to lose it!
"you and i in a little toy shop\buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got\set them free at the break of dawn\'til one by one, they were gone"
ahh every things better with less than <propmale>  smile 
my uncle passed away earlier this evening   
"well it's finally over, but i don't think our family will ever be the same  r b j you're loved and missed dearly "
my momma just poked me in the eye  annoyed  owwwwie
"welp my foot hurts like a bitch, got x-rays last night and they think it might be broken but they won't know until the results come back  i'm syuck at home for 2 days minnimum  ughhh  sad "
foot's still swollen and it's starting to bruise all over  i might not make it back to school tomorrow  sad 
i am seriously lacking in social interaction lately  annoyed 
anybody know what the algebra 2 homework is?  smile 
i'm so freaking happy it's friday  laugh 
"one day, i'll tell you how truley amazing you are but for now, i'll just let you try and figure it out yourself "
gahhh  troubled  french you will be the death of me!
had so much fun last night! i love my girls <propfemale> much!  love 
going to wal-mart with my dad soon 
i'm soooo cold it's not funny  sad 
"you know you're loved when everytime you look at your horoscope it says \secret enemies are eager to spread rumors about you\""  smile """
"well i can't help but be scared a little sometimes, but the rain's gonna wash away, i believe it "
i'm so sick of stupid people running their mouths  deffinatly not looking forward to tomorrow  sad 
somethimes perfection can be perfect hell 
happy halloween!  love 
nooooo balls  smile 
i feel sick  i hope stupidity isn't contagious!
"it's funny how someone who used to be so important, turns into a distant memory   "
ain't i a stinker  laugh 
"ehh screw it lol, like my status and i'll give you a like and,     wait for it     a dislike! so orignal i know  playful "
"i try to stay on one path, the path i think is right, then i get turned around and hit a brick wall  fml"
love  the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket  wink 
just took a nap with my <propfemale> cat  smile 
i absolutly love <propfirst>'s mannequin!
someone should most deffinatly take me to the hawthorne heights show on the 26th  pweety pweeaaase *bats eyelashes*  laugh 
"i drank your poison, because you told me it was wine   "
nighty-night  smile 
"think how snug it'll be underneath our flannel, when it's just you and me and the english channel  i  love  sweeny <propmale>!"
ahhhh it's freazing balls in here!
ahhh some  people just need to take a loooooong walk down a short pier 
it all amounts to nothing in the end 
you think i'd know better by now   
"alright, i'll be a conformist    send me a number?  smile "
"187- my little mexican! even though you're a man whore, i love you  smile "
1340- i freakin' miss you! i remember last time you came over we freaked my parents out with that ask <propfirst> thing  lol it was priceless   we really need to <propfemale> out soon! love you cousin  smile 
"if you fall i will catch you, i'll always be waiting  time after time   "
ahhhh thinking hurts!  annoyed 
"must study    must study    ohhhh look, i got a notification!  love "
ughhh is break over yet?
i gots a new phone so message me your number if you want 
gotta go to the doctor soon ; 
went to the movies and got subway with my brother    i think hell has frozen over 
"close your eyes and make believe, this is where you wanna be   "
"going to <propfirst> hopper's house soon, nothing like ringing in the new year with the people you love  laugh "
"it's funny, when you meet someone, you have no idea how important they'll become to you "
"there's so many things that i want to say to you, but i don't know how   "
hey you dang woodchucks! quit chuckin' my wood!!!!!!
i'm amazed at how fake people can get  has anyone heard of originality?
thank you school for waiting to call until i'm already up and in the shower  you suck  playful 
they say if you love someone you should set them free  if that's true then should we just keep the ones we hate chained up in our basements?
"damn it i love you, but you're unkind "
i'm thinking we really need a snow day  playful 
i'm going to be really mad if we have school tomorrow 
ferris bueller is the man 
"it probably would've been better to keep it to myself, but i don't regret it "
"i love pandas, they're so chill \they're like \dude", racism is stupid \845224679ecd5907d71ee8c9a176bee7,craaaaaaaap 
gahhh this poem is killing me!
"power, please don't die  i quite enjoy heat "
i love the cranberries  love 
"hey     i see you, why are you hiding? come out and play  i have <propfemale>   "
it's gonna be a long night 
just let me hold you while you're falling apart  love 
i'm only this way because of what you have made me 
i really want a cookie  laugh 
