c0a2de2870282300254d7da3aabdbd4b
now what?
"an angry person opens their mouth, but closes their eyes  maybe that's why i couldn't see through all your lies     "
ugh   meow     meow    meow   
bored outta my fuckin mind
is just counting the days     
is thinking abt little green leaves and 1000 shots of vodka
this way a good soul never passes
"so bitter it is, death is little more"
is high high high as the <propfemale>
let us descend now into the blind world
let us descend now unto greater woe
is blitzed
is having a fierce battle against boredom
"through me, the way to eternal woe  through me, the way to everlasting pain  abandon all hope, ye who enter here   "
me tired
gotta go  ttyl
is severely fucking pissed!!!    
rly needs someone to talk to   
is feeling a lil better now  thank u <propfirst>!  smile 
"is thinkin \why?   whyyy?   \"""""
mmmmmm    french vanilla ice cream  smile 
"too late, too late   "
"fight for honor, fight for your life  pray to god that our side is right   "
wants a black wolf for a pet  smile 
yummy! <propfemale> vanilla soda!!  smile 
there is no greater sorrow than to be mindful of the happy times in misery
"if you really knew me, you could accept who, or what i really am  you would accept that my world is a twisted fantasy  you would walk with me through this mystery, so that i would not be afraid to show who i really am   if you really know me, then you see the hidden words in here  if you don't know me and would like to, it's not too late  think you really know me? show me  message or comment to me and let me know "
"oohhh, yeah!!! im feelin wild as hell!!"
"i'm marked for death, i've got nothing to lose   "
someone's cruisin for a bruisin   
"ever been so furious, that you feel cold on the inside and cant stop shaking because you feel like you're gonna e playful lode? yeah, that's how i feel   "
be right back  bout to go try and cool off before i end up destroying somebody   
"is like \ahhh    i feel soooo much betterrr    \""  smile """
"doesnt know why, but im still so cold on the inside     "
"my <propfemale> is burning like a cold flame    i love it, i love this so much   "
"ahh    im exhausted  dont know if its from rage, or what     feels like i'm splitting    or abt to swtich    "
feels really sick    but not like you're thinking     
wow   i just never knew    
still feels cold    rly shakey     just absent    far away    haha
feels like he's just off in the background   
is slipping slowly into the tragedy   
"feels like \whoooooaaaaaaaa   hahaaaa\"""""
is alone
is really ffff*cked up  smile 
"and on this day, for 7 straight months without quittin, i have recieved my official ph name: r-age (pronounced rage)   smile "
this way there never passes a good soul
wondering how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here is a test for you  i would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met or know me! after you comment copy this to your status  you will be amazed at the responses you get 
"love, that on gentle heart doth swiftly seize "
"'through me you go to the grief wracked city; through me you go to everlasting pain; through me you go a pass among lost souls  justice inspired my exalted creator: i am a creature of the holiest power, of wisdom in the highest and of primal love  nothing till i was made was made, only eternal beings  and i endure eternally  surrender as you enter, every hope you have '"
"'through me you go to the grief wracked city; through me you go to everlasting pain; through me you go a pass among lost souls  justice inspired my exalted creator: i am a creature of the holiest power, of wisdom in the highest and of primal love  nothing till i was made was made, only eternal beings  and i endure eternally  surrender as you enter, every hope you have '"
why dost thou rend me? hast thou no spirit of pity whatsoever?
"and as is he who unwills what he willed, and because of new thoughts changes his design, so that he quite withdraws from beginning, such i became on that dark hillside: wherefore in my thought i abandoned the enterprise which had been so hasty in the beginning "
"this miserable mode\maintain the melancholy souls of those\who lived withouten infamy or praise"
"soon there will upward come\what i await; and what thy thought is dreaming\must soon reveal itself unto thy sight"
"if the misery of this soft place\bring in disdain ourselves and our entreaties, and our aspect black and blistered"
thou shalt hear the desperate lamentations
you know how they say it never hurts to dream? ever stop to think about how true that statement really is? how true is that? hmmm     
do the damned comdemn their own?
\nothin' to lose vengeance to gain (you know i'll never be the same)\,c0a2de2870282300254d7da3aabdbd4b,"and so this night revives the pain (the darkness attacks yet again),\so deep within ignites the flame (soaked tears burn on your final sins)"
ha   no wonder i've been feeling this way    so it has begun   
horrayy!!!!!!! finnalllyyyyy got my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"haha! yeah, juss lovin my phone  feels sooooooooooo good to be able to text my peeps again  smile  lol  if u aint got my new # and u want it, juss lemme kno  but all i can do is text tho   for now  lol"
gotta go fb  laterz
"fucking hates that these fucking stupid phones these days gives u the option to send a blank fucking text!!! i mean, of all the fuckin useless things! why?! why why why why whyyyyyy???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
hmph  did you think that would startle me? get serious 
your best intentions will send you straight to hell
"you think you've seen the last of me? you think you have won just because you managed to escape me? get serious  you have not seen the last of me  i will hunt you for the rest of eternity, if that is what it takes    you will have ample time in hell to regret what you have done       "
it's like having my heart cut with cold steel       
tick   tock    tick   tock    tick    tock     
suffer the dying breath
death comes on silent wings
"clench your throat, bleed and strain  feel your death, you cant escape  see all things destroyed by fire, attract the murders of vampires  its not over, we're not done  you cant run  i take your life, you die in mud, wash my face in blackened blood  try to run, try to hide from the torment deep inside  you thought you finished me before, now we bleed on the floor"
