0682ef1ecdc48dac712d6ae1cd42ca70
rawr!
"nighttime is my time     mom was trying to sleep, but i felt like playing so i pawed at her face and ears until she woke up     "
is there a cure for hairballs yet?
just found out i am adopted  it was an open adoption  my birth mother wanted me to have a better life 
it's caturday!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's party time!!!!!!!!!! gonna go find that cricket that got lost in the house earlier       then curl up on the back of the couch with mama & co       
lazy dayz         the best kind of dayz! i love it when mama stays home with me all day!
mama's leaving and she says i have to quit looking at the lolcats!
"i have been outside chasing bugs! i just came in, ate, and next i am going to give myself a bath "
is tired after a long day of e playful loring    
is so glad to have so many new friends on here!!! i love you all!
yay!!! i haz 100 friends now! i feel so loved!!!
time for a quick catnap before i go <propmale> some bugz 
yowza! i came inside and found i have 30 more friends!!! i feel very loved!!!
"mama is going to town later and she is buying me a postcard to send to aragon allie    if anyone else would like one, let me know "
"mah mama gotz meh sum postcards to sendz to mah friends    i have sevrelz, so any <propfemale> that wantz one, shall getz one!"
just feels like purring     purrrrrrrrssssssssssssss!
"rawr!!!! i iz not fat, i iz fluffy!!!!!!"
"mama went to bed early last night     she said she didn't feel good    just woke her up by meowing and pawing at her face      gave her extra cuddles last night, hope she feels better today!!!"
happy purrsday!!!! purrs and cuddles to all my wonderful friends!
hello to all my wonderful new friends!!! i love you all!
mama is upset tonight     i not know why     my kitteh cuddles and purrs aren't working     i not like dis 
"mailed out postcards to aragon <propfemale> and maree this morning    i have a few more, if anyone else would like a postcard, inbox me your address!!!"
is having a purrfectly wonderful friday evening!
"it's caturday!!!!! gonna have a great day    its raining, so that means lots of naps     hope everyone has a lovely day!!!!"
lazy day today!!!
"gonna eat breakfast, let mama pet me for awhile, then take a nap! happy hump day everyone!!!! -_-"
good morning to all my wonderful friends!!!! hope everyone has a great purrsday!!!! i love you all!
wonders why i keep getting friend requests from hoomans wearing only their underroos? me not like      hiss!!!!
"going to curl up beside mama and watch t v  tomorrow, i shall try again to capture one of those birds that constantly tease me!"
good morning to all mah lovely friends!!! hope everyone has a purrful day!
"i has question: what do u think about the catbook app in fb? i heards bout it, wondered if i should joins it?"
ish tired from running away from the little hooman!!! gonna hide under the bed and takes a long nap!!!
gots mah postcard from mah new fwend in new zealand!!!! am liking having fwends from diffrent places!
"i is not snobby, i is selective!!!"
*purrs* i loves my hoomans!!! they take very good care of me and give me lots of love!!! i hopes that every kitteh has hoomans as good as mine!!!
someday      i shall capture the birdies that torture me      someday 
"if anyone wants to trade postie cards with me, inbox me your address     i picked up several new ones yesterday and will mail some out tommorrow! this is so fun!"
what is love? love is    when i wake up mama in the middle of the night to cuddle and purr with her      and she stays awake to keep me company      even though she knows she has to get up early 
grrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is hungry now
"just mailed 5 more postie cards     this is really fun! if anyone would like to trade postie cards with me, inbox me your addy       still have several left!"
happy furrday!!!! is a great day to be a kitteh 
hope all kittehs have a purrfect caturday!!!
"oh noez!!! i iz in troublez now      mama sayz i iz bad kitteh     waz gone all day and da nightz too      heard her call me, but i waz busy e playful loringz     i iz grounded nowz "
iz hedded outsidez fur a nappy      and den mebbe <propmale> sum birdiez!
"mah mama likes it on the table, the bar, the floor, a chair      wherever is convenient "
wantz to knowz what is this 'catbook'? i iz wonderin if dis iz sumthing i should do?
what is love?
eat  sleep  play  go outside  eat  sleep  <propmale> birdies  cuddle mama  eat  play  sleep  go outside  eat  e playful lore  sleep  sleep  eat  wake mama up in the middle of the night so she can play with me ~~~~a day in the life of hrh izzy!~~~~
wishes she had a kitteh furrend to pway with
"see how forthcoming my facebrook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me, using the third letter of your first name  it can be only be one word  then copy and paste this post on your own wall, so that i can leave a word about you!  smile "
i iz sendin mama to get more postie cards furr mah fwends     who wants a postie card? inbox meh your addy     
is feeling sad about the loss of my friend <propmale> kittycat but i know he is in a place where there is always sunshine and he is forever young  i'm glad he isn't hurting anymore 
is going to go watch t v  with mama and have some cuddle time       
is fascinated by the laser lights     where do they come from? and where do they go?
i iz catwoman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!rawrrrrrr
"is thankful to have such a wonderful family, and so many good friends  i love you all!"
hiding from the little people     
"really luvs the postie cards i have gotten, but wish mama woodn't be so lazy and and go ahead and upload the pics she took "
i am thankful for my wonderful mama and my family!!!! i know i am very much loved!
i iz bak!!!!!!!!!!!! i haz been being a good kitteh!!! haz da tuna fishies and da milk reddy for <propfemale> paws!
