932e7f8d73643d8c474a4e6693cfdd23
it's my sister's wedding day      smile 
just had an amazing weekend      <propfemale>'s wedding was the high light of the year      now i just have to recoup from massive oral surgery (pictures of both to come later)
"<propfemale> tovah u'metukah   may this year bring joy, health, and happiness"
and here comes 2011 may it be all that it's cracked up to be
happy passover to all!!!
52 hours till italy!!!
12 hours and counting     italy!!!
6 hours      work just drags on    
back in nyc     italy was amazing
"well the time has come     4 weeks from today i will return to the correct coast     california, here i come "
well my 2 years are almost up     1 week left in nyc   i'm glad i got to spend a sunday with my loud noises   cali here i come    
last day of work in nyc     then pack     and head west!!!
well my last day at rap-pos could have gone smoother     but the people there were are great   thanks for the memories 
"back on the west coast     feels right    \\nyc     and the ny crowd     thank you for two amazing years"
"to the members of the tribe     <propfemale> <propfemale>     my this year be joyful, blessed and sweet "
"sorry to steal <propfemale>'s status (minor changes)     but it's perfect\\in the spirit of yom kippur (the jewish day of atonement for the new year) and looking forward to a re-begining in los <propfemale> - to all those in my life that i have wronged in the past year, whether intentionally or accidentally i am truly sorry  and for all of those that have wronged me in the past year, you are forgiven  have a quick and easy fast!"
"check out my bruins!!! u-c-l-a     fight, fight, fight"
"wow! what a fabulous birthday!  thank you everyone who made today what it was, in person, on the phone, txt message, or via facebook     it all meant so much to me!"
go giants!!!
almost in fontana     i'm on my way to nascar for work     
nlcs     woot!!! go giants!!!
and the giants go up 3-1    
giants go up 3 - 1!!!
56 years in the making      giants world champs!!! hell yeah!!!
"i am thankful for many things in my life, my amazing family, from immediate to extended, my fabulous friends, being home for turkey day for the first time in 3 years, and of course being able to return to the correct coast   happy thanksgiving everyone!!!"
happy hanukkah to all and to all eight crazy nights!!!
apartment approved     i will be in my new home on january 7th     yay!!!
who's got the madness???
march madness should be recognized as a holiday     all sports loving people should get the days off     and go to vegas
<propfemale> representing the pac-10 with <propmale> pride and skill     watch out!!!
