49b24a98d091986c4312d8608b1b5e01
"the new year is finally around the corner!  thank goodness!  i am so ready for a new year, a new decade!  i don't think i will miss 2009, but it will never be forgotten   2010 will be much, much better!  for those that have the day off    enjoy!  for those that have to work (like me) be thankful you are starting the new year off on the right foot    with a job!!!"
"today was my last day working days    rotating to nights   i like working nights and i was excited about it until jered mentioned how he was sad about it because he would hardly get to see me *sniffle sniffle*   well, at least we still have the weekends "
"i'm excited for <propfirst>, he just bought his first new car!!!  yeah him!"
"just trying to get motivated   i am working on dad's memorial book   so many good memories, but such a hard thing to have to do "
"happy 4th of july to everyone out there!  if you get to see fireworks, enjoy them extra for me!"
"life doesn't seem to get any easier when you take it \one day at a time\"" """
it is freakin' hot!
when will things get better?
"long week done, weekend here i come!"
"chopper's filter got clogged   sad  his new filter arrives this week   poor thing, he looks like a \mud gator\""   gonna go rinse him off """
massive potatoes delivered by <propfemale> and robb!  sweetness!
i'm irritated   my stepson lost the tv remote and gave up looking for it   it is now my job to find it   i don't even use the darn tv!
"it's friday!  and this week, it is actually my friday!  one more 12 hr shift and it's 4 days off!  get 'er done!"
it's the weekend!
i really miss my dad 
i'm a great aunt    again!!!  my nephew <propfirst> jr 's son arrived yesterday at 1 smile 3am   baby jaxon mcphaul!  congrats to <propfirst> and his family!
feels derailed from the track called life 
"i now have bangs thanks to <propfemale> weaver!  hopefully now, my hairline will stay in tact!  lol!"
"i'm pretty excited, mom is coming to boise to visit!  i guess this means i'll have to clean the house though "
tomorrow is jered's birthday!!!  tomorrow my mom will be here!!!
today is jered's birthday!!! happy birthday jered!!!
tonight is jered's birthday dinner!  yummy    chinese food!  it's the simple things in life that make it worthwhile   smile 
miracles do happen!!!  my mom showed up on our doorstep right before we were gonna leave for jered's birthday dinner!!!
mama and i are making chinese food for lunch dinner   then on to dessert 
"after a short visit, mom has headed back to oregon   it was nice seeing her "
"got a nice red pillow to match the nice red interior of the camaro so i can drive it!  laugh all you want, but it's true "
accidently overbaked the cookies    must eat before they turn into bricks!
not sure what to do with today    any suggestions?
please help find <propfemale> bear!
"still haven't found our precious <propfemale> bear   please pray she will return home safe, sound and soon!"
"<propfemale> is home!!! she was missing for almost a week, but we put a trap outside with food in it and this morning    surprise!  it was a scared little <propfemale> bear!  welcome home bear cat!"
let's get dirty!  project for today    replace the water pump in daddy's camaro!  wish me luck!  smile 
jered and <propfirst> are replacing the intake manifold gasket on the camaro for me today   smile 
"yeah, friday!!!! tgif!"
"i think i might wash the cars today    not sure yet   however, they really do need it "
so 2 of 3 cars got washed today     not bad   there is always tomorrow 
"<propfemale> isn't feeling well, i have to take her to the vet this afternoon  i hope she is okay "
pizza and movies    sweet!  now if only my neck would stop hurting!
my car needs to go to the shop but i don't have a ride home    guess it'll have to wait    again 
have an new appointment to take the car in on monday   hopefully we'll be able to make it this time 
"ugh!  okay, now 2 3 cars have appointments at the shop this morning!  let's get 'er done!  wish my pocket book luck!"
"okay, 2 3 cars have appointments at the shop this morning, but guess what peeps    now one has to be towed!!!!  good night almighty!  so much for the well wishes on the pocket book!"
"the z has a new clutch and a new battery, yeah!!!  hopefully no more issues for a long, long time   how about a drive?"
"i'll find out what the mri says friday morning when i get off work   the doctor gave me some muscle relaxers and pain pills for my neck that so far seem to be doing an okay job, so we will just keep on keeping on   "
"today is aunt shar's 50th birthday!!! age is just a number, and shar is definately 50 years young!  time to party!"
"i love how when you really don't feel like going to church but muster up enough energy to go anyway, is when it seems to be the most rewarding!"
"\just another manic monday    wish it were sunday    'cuz that's my fun day    my i don't have to run day    just another manic monday   \"""""
"my mri came back normal, however the pain tells me otherwise   the doctor wants me to see a spine specialist to rule out anything that may need surgery   he went on to say that it could very well possibly be fibromyalgia, which is treatable, but a permanent condition "
"my stomach is upset  i have a headache from not eating but can't take any pain killers b c my stomach is upset! the headache would go away also if i could eat something that had some nutrients, but again    my stomach is upset & i can't keep anything down!!! am i sick? no, not really, this all started because of my neck pain & the enormous amount of pain killers i had to take to function, literally give me an ulcer "
"i am feeling quite a bit better than before, but still not sure about eating a normal meal   that could make things go down hill real quick "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
"i miss food!  still not able to eat whatever i want so i am on a bread and water diet   so far, lost 5 pounds this week   no, i am not trying to lose weight, but it is kinda unavoidable   spicy mexican food sounds amazing right now!"
it's friday!
"everyone be aware of a message going around asking you to look at a website called \fbstarter\"" this is a password grabber and logs your info for someone else to use  please copy and paste this in your status to make as many people aware as possible"""
"it irritates me that in these hard times people can get food stamps to buy their groceries & then load them into their newer <propmale> suv   i work by rear off, spend what little money i have on groceries & load them into my 1988 nissan! yet, i make too much for food stamps    i just don't get it "
jered got a job!!!!  yeah!
making home affordable actually came through for us!!!  looks like we get to keep our house!  so excited!  it's been a great week!
"so now that we get to keep our house, i am super excited about making it our home!  i actually want to decorate!  lived here for almost 3 years and still haven't decorated   have one wall of pictures and that is about it   anyone have any ideas?  i am going with fall colors!  smile "
we made our first house payment in 8 months today!  such an awesome feeling to know you actually can afford it!
i am greatful for the power of prayer!
"getting up at 4am for work really sucks, especially in the cold winter months, but i am greatful to have defrost on my car!  thanks mom and dad (and <propfirst>) for letting me use the camaro    winter would really suck not having defrost!  family rocks, a great blessing!"
"this has been a very trying year   once again, i have to rely whole heartedly on the love of our lord to get me and my family through another difficult time   love you so much <propfirst>   i wish i had more time to spend with you   you will be missed!  love   please keep the ouellette family in your prayers, they need them now "
"it still hasn't really hit me yet  not sure what to say or do  after a hard but brave battle w  leukemia, my cousin <propfirst> passed away friday  he was 20  i wish i could be w  the family right now instead of all alone in this house  i wish i could have visited more often, he & his family are amazing! this year really bites the dust  <propmale>, we love you & miss you! daddy will take care of you!  love "
"i'm grateful for forever families   i am grateful to know i will be with my dad and <propfirst>, along with so many others again   i miss them all so much   in the words of dad, \till the next time\""   smile """
"back from <propmale>   who knew bowling was so evil?  i am so sore, feels like i have loc-tight in my hip joints    getting \old\"" before my time """
thinking about hitting the treadmill    we'll see if that actually happens 
"i hit the treadmill today, but it fought back   actually, it kicked my butt!"
"okay, we are going for day number 2 with the treadmill    oh, my body hates me already!"
"so, <propmale> broke his heat lamp   i am not tall enough to fix it, so uncle <propmale> is gonna come over and help me out yet again   what would i do without him?!  it's the 3rd time in the week jered's been gone "
"it was a nice turkey day   my boss let me off work early so i could have dinner with my hubby's family!  got there, had amazing ham, turkey and potatoes   and for dessert, aunt shar made homemade lemon meringue pie!!!!  it was so good, i had two pieces and she sent me home with one more    so much for the running i've been doing!"
"day after thanksgiving    shopping?  not a <propmale>   break out the christmas decorations and blast the christmas carols!  warm fuzzies, here i come!!!!"
"it's the weekend!!!  nothing really going on, but i think it's better that way!  smile "
my wood snowmen are up on the cabinet tops    so awesome!  i downloaded a bunch of really good christmas music    sweetness!  i just took a batch of cookies out of the oven    better yet!  warm fuzzies have begun!  smile 
"jered and i saw ninja assassin and new <propfemale> today!  all i have to say is: ninja assassin was good, but really, seriously,  june 30th    that's when eclipse comes out!"
"wednesday is over    on to thursday   one work day down, three more to go   "
"ha ha    thursday is now over    on to friday    payday!  we are officially half-way through the work week, over the hump, on the down hill slope    need i continue?"
"and the countdown continues    friday is now history   one more day   at least i really enjoy my job, i just hate 4am wake ups   ugh    one more "
"the weekend is finally here!  jered and i had chinese food and watched the new terminator salvation on blu-ray    very nice   i think we are gonna have to watch all the terminator movies from 1 to 4 just so we can remember all the little pieces on how they fit together   the whole series is just a huge paradox, time to exercise the \old\"" brain cells   """
"the weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful, and since we have no place to go, let it snow, let it snow, let it snow    but it must be gone by thursday morning "
the power went out in the middle of the night and just came back on not too long ago   55 degrees inside my house is not very comfortable   sitting with both fireplaces going and the heat on   come on 71 degrees!
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior! we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status, i did  god bless  i say <propfemale> christmas too!"
got my christmas decorations up!  snowmen everywhere! starting to feel a little more like the holidays!
"my commute to and from work seemed to take forever   i love the snow, but i don't like driving in it on an unplowed, unsalted, dark road early in the morning or late at night   especially without 4wd   i've been so spoiled    one day again, i will have 4wd   smile "
does anyone have a snow shovel we can borrow?  our driveway is a death trap   planning to go out and buy one    one day soon 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? all i want for christmas is a cure! ?
"i love spending time with my hubby, just the two of us   love "
"off to work, lets see how bad the roads are today!"
"ugh    i was feeling totally fine and now    not so much   my stomach, my head    what the heck!  i have to be up at 4am for work and there is no way i will be able to sleep feeling like this "
"came home early from work, still not feeling well   fell asleep on the couch for most of the evening    and now on with life "
it's the weekend!
"no more denying it    jered and i are both sick   thanks my lucky stars for nasal rinses, cough drops and tylenol pm!"
i'm sicker today than before   hopefully i will get better before i have to go back to work on thursday   i'll probably end up sleeping most of the next two days    what a waste 
think i'm gonna call it a day   gonna rest for work tomorrow   have a great christmas everyone!
"<propfemale> belated christmas to everyone!  i just got home from work, so i am a little behind   hope everyone had a wonderful day with family and friends   on to the new year!!!"
"oh yeah, the weekend    how do i plan on spending it?  hmmm    totally going to go see avatar (maybe in 3-d imax) with my hubby   after that     who knows?  who cares?  it's the weekend!!!"
"i really hope 2010 will be better than 2009   <propfemale>, we love you and will miss you!  have fun with dad, <propmale> and all the others who have gone ahead   will see you again soon!  love "
"i am making curried potatoes   i love curried potatoes!  i love curried pasta!  i love curry, so yummy!   smile "
white
"i feel like potatoes   baked?  fries?  onion?  cheesy?  so many ideas, i have to choose one and make it happen   any suggestions?"
"thank you <propfirst>, fries it is    they smell so yummy in my oven, too bad i have no chili sauce to go on them    oh well   now, on to the music search   to download or not to download, that is the question   "
"so much for getting up early to get things done   i love working nights but they really ruin my days   well, better late than never, right?  jered and i are off to the chiropractor "
ugh    why is school so e playful ensive?  i feel sick at the thought of how much money i just spent for one class!  i better do good dang it!
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree "
"we can all help with the haiti disaster relief!  you can donate $5 to his yele haiti earthquake fund by texting \yele\"" to 501501 (the $5 will be charged to your cell phone <propmale>) or visit www yele org and click \""donate \""  the link is on my wall """
i am going to make this a good year 
i'm excited to be able to go to church   hopefully i can stay awake    i just got home from working a 12 hr shift and church is in 1 1 2 hours 
i start back to school tomorrow    wish me luck!
"first day of school went super well!  feeling really good about it   i am actually excited to do homework    i may be sick   however, jered said he always liked school and homework, so maybe not as sick as i thought "
"i really want a sandwich   a nice hot roast beef sandwich with onions, prepared horseradish on a hoagie roll and au jus to dip it in   it sounds so amazing   dream on     and since i am off to bed, that is what i'll do    dream about my \dream\"" sandwich   how lovably lame am i?"""
"put this on your status if you know someone who has ms  i wish for a cure in 2010! dear god, i pray for the cure of ms  93% won't copy and past this, will you 4 just one hour   (i love you mom!)"
"despite what has been thrown my way already this year    it is going to be a good year!  oh, and p s    does anyone know how much a new windshield will cost for a '88 nissan 300zx? ugh "
"i am so grateful for my family   my biological family, my married family, my work family, my friend family   i have been blessed   when i think there is nothing else and i don't know what to do, someone will swoop in and save me   i love you all   if you know me, think about me, call me, or just remember my name    i love you!  love "
<propfirst> is home!  mom said she opened the door and there he was!  yeah!
"so this government and tax thing has really got me confused    so, when we make money, we get a crap load of money back but when we don't make money and still pay the same in taxes, they want more?"
"*wedding week** replace your way-back profile picture with a wedding photo this week! (yours or one you were in) paste this into your status and pass it on  our wedding- july 8, 2006 (daddy's 67th birthday!)"
"so i made a roast and mashed potatoes for dinner, not bad   but, note to self, pay attention when applying condiments   horseradish sauce, not prepared horseradish!  oh my, oh my    it was hot!"
"today i made a sandwich out of the leftover roast from last night    this time with horseradish sauce    much better!  add some onion, and there you go    it really hit the spot, especially after just now realizing i've gone through the whole day with my shirt on backwards  *sigh*"
"it's my long week at work    4 - 12 hr nights at work   i hope they go fast, i am in need of another weekend already, and i just got up!  what's up with that?"
"oh the week is over!  i am so tired i think i could cry   four long, slow days at work   the weekend is finally here   i think i am going to stay in bed all day monday "
i can't stay in bed all day today    darn it!  i did get to stay in bed until noon   not bad 
<propfemale> chameleon by culture club!  that is too funny!
tonight's menu    bbq chicken and brownies     now to get started!
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  put this as your status and then what is says about your name as the first comment 
"my mom said she is gonna come visit!!!  i am so excited   she always spoils us when she comes   it's nice to have family visit, i miss them so much "
"oh thank goodness it's friday   in the middle of my shift last night, i developed a cold   i feel so yucky   my throat, my nose, ugh!  one more night   "
"it's the weekend!  nothing planned   i really want to see the movie \the tooth fairy\"" with <propmale> <propmale> (formally known as \""the rock\"")    his movies are always so funny  i could totally use a good laugh """
not sure what to do with my day   chiropractor appointment is all i have planned 
"made homemade <propfemale> cobbler   so yummy   however, jered ate too much and now has a stomach ache   i guess that means more leftovers for me!"
"one more work day (maybe 1 5 days) this week   taking at least part of saturday off as a birthday present to myself, even though that isn't technically until sunday   nothing planned, just don't have to work    yes!"
"to go to work tonight, or to not go to work tonight    that is the question "
up next    hot bubble bath    ahhh   
"fyi, <propfirst> was a priest who served during the 3rd century in rome when emperor claudius ii decided that single men made better soldiers than those w  wives & families, he outlawed marriage for young men <propfirst>, realizing the injustice of the decree, defied claudius & continued to perform marriages for young lovers in secret when <propfirst>'s actions were discovered, claudius ordered that he be put to death "
"thanks to all for the b-day wishes! it has been a good & interesting b-day, w  several missionary opportunities, probably the best birthday gift one could receive  so, just to let anyone & everyone know, i am a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints & if you have ?'s about the gospel, or about your purpose on earth, don't hesitate to ask  i would  love  to share my knowledge!  smile "
i need a nap   
5 days and counting till mama comes to visit!
important!!! please watch the link on my wall! it is very informative to today's government and the world we live in    please pass it on when done!
"i've been spoiled  surprise belated birthday dinner party by my mom and hubby ?   gifts, movies, breakfast, dinner    it's been super sweet!  smile "
"i really miss my dad!  there isn't a day that goes by that i just wish this was a bad dream   daddy, i  love  you and miss you so much!  together, forever, always you and me     love "
 love  i love my hubby!  just thought i would say that   smile   love 
"i'm still not feeling quite right, having dizzy spells and anxiety attacks   jered has been so sweet, he has taken care of me, driving me around to and letting me sleep a lot   he also made pad thai for dinner tonight, very yummy   he even was a good sport and let me take a picture of us!"
bleached my teeth!  got my <propfemale> whites back!  smile 
"please pray for my father in-law, <propfirst> l  adams   he really needs the lord with him   love "
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
my neck hurts and i am super dizzy   think i'm gonna boot a <propfemale> out of my spot in bed and take a nap 
"ugh, still feel crappy   my neck is killing me!  i have the worst headache ever because of it   i have no <propfemale> to do anything!"
having a slow start today   my neck is still not right and i have class today   just make it through     ugh   
"i feel like a part of me is missing   his name is \daddy\"" """
5ft and 89 pounds is not healthy   i hope i feel better soon 
"i am still not all together   i am so tired and fatigued   no energy at all   however, i did accomplish the task of laundry!  it took me two days for two loads, but i did it!  grateful for the little things   i really want to feel better though, this is getting old "
"this morning jered was in the shower & i was on the couch resting waiting for general conference to start when i heard a ruckus from the other room  chopper had fallen out of his pen & into the litter box! jered not being available, i had to wrestle chopper & calm him down  chopper was nice & calm so i picked him up, then he proceeded to pee on me    needless to say, i was next for the shower "
"not to be forward, but i am desperate    please pray that i'll feel better soon!  i need all the help i can get  i really need to get back to my work & school schedule  i am still very weak, & always want to sleep; everything takes so much energy, especially wrestling an alligator  good news, i have gained some weight  up to 94 pounds! jered has been shoving food down my throat, thank goodness someone has   smile "
seriously in need of a miracle!  need to feel better!  need to have things go in a positive direction!
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh,that you can say is your best friend,who you want to grow old with, who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down, who is your world, and a man that you can thank god every night for, copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date   7 8 06"
"after a lot of hard work, i am finally all caught up in school from being sick and missing several weeks of class!  feels really good to not be behind anymore!  couldn't have done it without the support and help of some really awesome people!  thanks!"
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms, i have you in my heart! repost if you have someone in heaven "
"went hiking and free climbing at jump creek canyon with jered, <propfirst> and the in-laws!  it was so awesome!  the weather was perfect   such a beautiful place   i had so much fun!  but now, i'm warn out   who knows how many <propmale> we climbed and hiked   "
my calculus test is being graded as we speak!  i am dying to know what i got!  this test literally haunted my dreams!!!  i won't know what i got until thursday    i don't know if i can wait that long!
i got an 89% on my calculus test! rock on!
"ewww, the boys are being boys!  i have to leave the room before i get sick!  food, scary movies and two immature boys don't make a good combo!"
"i think i am going to work on my dad's memory book   if anyone wants to add a thought and or memory about him, you can message me with it on facebook and i will be sure to add it   i know that all of his family and friends would love to hear what you have to say and share!  love "
" love  still looking for contributions to my dad's memory book   if any of you have a memory thought you would like to add of my dad, i know his family and friends would love to see it!  love "
today seems to be a happy day!
"out of the blue, my mom said she wanted to be here when i do my dad's <propfemale> work  she not being a member, i informed her she could not go inside the <propfemale>  then she asked if she could go inside a regular church building, and could i figure out what time they meet on sundays because she is feeling like she needs some guidance! i never saw that coming, so excited!"
finals tomorrow!
date night tonight!  dinner at the outback then off to see iron man 2!  excited!
"nothing knew going on, but i am excited for church tomorrow   i've been looking forward to it   i don't know why, maybe because i haven't been since i've been sick and on nights   i hope i can get up, i am so not a morning person "
"how sad, another great music legend gone   <propfirst> <propfirst> dio passed away today   i think i am going to have a dio black sabbeth (heaven and hell) music-a-thon "
"jered and i are going to work on our yard today    together!  may sound silly, but we are excited, something new and refreshingly different to do together   plus, since now, we know for sure we get to keep the house, time to make it ours!  off to zamzows to get some yard stuff   mama gave us some flowers, they are gonna get planted today too    hopefully!   smile "
"final grades are in    i got an \a\"" in my math class!  i am so happy!  hard work and prayers really pay off!"""
"a year ago, my world stopped turning  we had our last conversation  i held your hand, i kissed your cheek, i squeezed you so tight, i told you how much i loved you  one last time, we parted ways    \till the next time \"" i  love  you daddy!  i miss you so much!"""
"i think \mother nature\"" has lost her cotton-pickin' mind    it's snowing at the end of may?  it was actually warmer when i went to work at 5am than it is right now!  my car was covered in snow after work    i put the ice scrapper away for the season    i better not have to dig it out!"""
i've been working on my family history and have been introduced to so many family members i've never met   it's really interesting to see how we all fit together 
sooo ready for bed   
i can't believe <propfirst> <propmale> died! another <propfemale> from childhood has passed on    so sad  sad 
"poor chopper    last night he had a mishap with his pond heater   we found him drowning at the bottom of his pond being electrocuted by it!  we didn't hear him thrash or anything!  jered saved him & put him up on the land where he spit out water from his nose   we feel so bad, like we let him down   he's alive, but only time will tell if he'll be okay   please pray for our alligator baby's health to return "
"disaster cleanup is coming out to assess the damage this afternoon   last night, jered & i had to pull out gross, nasty carpet from that room   we decided, since it has to go, we are gonna replace it with hard wood, so next time (hopefully there will be no next time) it can just be mopped up & disinfected   for now, chopper is residing in my master bath soaker tub   ugh!!!!  thank goodness for homeowners insurance!"
"if your kids recently got shrek glasses from mcdonald's don't let them handle or drink out of them! they are being recalled due to high cadmiumcontent cadmiun can cause cancer, bone softening and kidney disease  please repost and pass the word to find out more go to mcdonalds recalls"
i am making pulled pork for dinner with a co-worker's recipe    so excited   i had never had it until recently and it was so good!
"so, an interesting turn of events has occurred out of the blue    last night, my stepson moved in with us because of a situation with his mom    will this be for the summer?  for a month?  who knows    this could get interesting "
"i got my hair cut!  yeah, thanks <propfemale> for coming over and doing it   you're the only one i can trust to cut it right   hopefully, it will grow now!"
french fries for dinner    yummy!
i'm feeling pretty good right now   just got back from my meeting with the stake presidency to renew my <propfemale> recommend   i can't wait to do dad's <propfemale> work!  my physical pain has disappeared and has been replaced with excitement!
drove with the tops off today (on the car gentlemen!)!  z baby got washed and is all pretty and clean   turning heads going down the street!  such a beauty!
"sometime yesterday, i started feeling sick    it's been down hill from there   i haven't been able to keep anything down and i have a headache that just won't quit   i am sick and tired of being tired and sick    what gives?"
why does my itouch always lose it's mind when i am getting ready for work?! this is the second time that erased all my music off itself before work? i spent an hour creating a new playlist so my 12hr shift wouldn't be silent  ugh!
i am so tired!
"i need sleep   i am sick from not sleeping and stress   came home early from work to sleep and can i sleep?    nope, jered and <propfirst> are playing guitar    i guess i'll just have to wait until i pass out "
"my poor <propfemale>    she keeps sneezing!  it is adorable, and funny because she sounds like a person when she sneezes! the poor thing can't stop sneezing though, i feel bad   is there <propfemale> benedryl?"
happy father's day jered!  happy father's day to all the dads out there   enjoy your day!
"got up as if i were going to work but instead took jer<propmale> to the airport, then had to take <propfirst> to school  i got home w  enough time to change chopper's water, then it was time for me to pick <propfirst> up from school  return<propmale> home once more; then left to go pick up a friend's daughter from driver's <propmale>  i still have to pick jer<propmale> up from the airport at 9 smile 0 tonight    it's nice to actually be ne<propmale><propmale>    i am tir<propmale> though "
"i've been having way too much fun pricing out accessories and what not for \z baby\""   gotta have a wish list    mine includes new embroidered floor mats     wink """
it's the weekend!  what to do???
life is stressful    this better be worth it in the long run!
"the heat is killing me!  not even kidding   it's so hot out that i can feel my energy being sucked out of me   instant headache, dizzy    on my way to having a heat stroke    oh yeah!  not at all cool, literally!"
"going to the <propfemale> today!!!! very excited, i really need this right now!!!"
when life throws you lemons    throw them back!!!
"i just want a normal day!  a day where things go well, a day that nothing bad happens  i thought i was having that day, to find out that my pet, <propfemale> died! we rushed her to the vet, not knowing she was gone then got charged double! they charged me for an exam and a necropsy! what exam?! we were there for all of 5 minutes when they told us she was dead!!! i think i'm gonna cry myself to sleep now   "
"jered made dinner and it was ready when i came home, so sweet!  i miss my <propfemale> baby so bad    can't believe she is just gone   jered has been helping me with lots of hugs   i miss my dad a lot too right now, a week away from his birthday, our wedding anniversary   off to bed for another tear-filled night    i need to get it together "
blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted   - <propfirst> 5:4
"i am murphy!!! went to my friend's daughter's baptism, feeling good    then chopper creates a title wave in his pond creating a lake underneath on our new hard wood floors, taking forever to mop up   then found cat pee, again, on our new hard wood floors, had to mop that up  followed by finding a finger nail in a <propfemale> cuisine    i lost it  yes, on the hard wood floors, and had to mop that up  i'm going to bed!"
"went for a hike and free climbing today with jered's family to <propfirst>'s gulch in oregon   it was awesome!  hot, but awesome   i am so tire, ready for bed "
\then i said," i am cast out of thy sight; yet i will look again toward thy holy temple \"" - jonah 2:4 \"49b24a9 laugh 091986c4312d8608b1b5e01,"today is the 6 anniversary of me joining the church, so i got up early and went to the <propfemale> with <propfemale>! it was awesome! i was able to hear my dad and spend time with him  then, i came home to hear the news that jered got the job at imft    unofficially, but i'll take it! just enjoying a great day!"
"cleaning the spare room, aka the junk room   yeah, not so much fun "
"happy anniversary to jered and i!!!  four years ago today we were married for time and all eternity!  today is also my dad's birthday, he would have been 71   daddy, i love you, i miss you and i can't wait to be with you again!"
so excited that jered got a job!  such a stress relief 
"just finished washing and detailing my mom's car by hand    i'm too poor to have it done professionally   looks good, hope my mom thinks so too "
"today is my sister and brother in-law's 30th wedding anniversary!!!  congrats <propfirst> and <propfirst>!  love you both, enjoy your day!!!"
ummm   food   
"chowing down on some home made <propmale> 'n' cheese   used daddy's recipe   nothing like comfort food   ummm, so good!"
i am so tired! can barely keep my eyes open! 4 more hrs of work then another 40 minute drive home    must stay awake!
"let me tell you    driving 32 <propmale> (not including a detour into boise), in rush hour traffic, in 108 degree heat (yes, thats right    108 people    the temp gauge doesn't lie), with no ac    not fun!  just in case any of you thought about trying it    don't!"
"woke up, went to church, came home, made chili from scratch for the first time, washed marro    so far a pretty productive day   now    do i nap before i take on washing the beast or not?"
"ha ha    so, i did not take a nap before taking on beast!  that right there is an accomplishment   so, to add to my last status   woke up, went to church, came home, made chili from scratch for the first time, washed marro and beast!  oh, i rock!"
gonna make the 6 smile 0am session at the <propfemale> with <propfemale> this morning! looking forward to starting my day off right   oh how odd to be up before the sun   
"yourphone number is now on facebook!! no joke    go tothe top right of yourscreen,click account then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone#'s are now being published please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can    remove!!!!"
"cleaned the whole kitchen this morning, including the inside of the fridge   did more laundry, took <propmale> to the vet    ugh, i am so hungry!"
"jered leaves for ut today  sad   i am going to miss him so much   i am grateful that he has a job though   last night, when i got home from work, he surprised me and took me out to see eclipse and to dinner   so sweet   i love him so much   praying for safe travels for him!"
"ummm, okay, take 2    so jered left for ut, and then about 40 mins after he left, he calls    his car broke down! had to call aaa to get a tow to his uncle <propmale>'s shop in boise  i had to meet them there, took way longer than e playful ected    3 hrs longer! now, jered is on the road again, in my dad's camaro  back to no ac for me  please lord, let him arrive safe this time!!!"
"okay, 3rd time is a charm    right? jered left for ut this morning, the jeep broke down 40 minutes into the trip  had to call aaa, & go get him  dropped myself off @ home, then he took marro  he broke down again right outside twin falls! again, aaa was called & i was on the road to get him  now he has z    please lord, let him make it to ut! please!!!"
"yeah!!! jered made it to lehi, ut!!!  he got there just before midnight!  poor guy!  officially started the trip at 10am    14 hours, and three cars later, he arrives safe, sound, but oh so tired and frustrated   now    how do i get to work?"
being stranded sucks    in case anyone was wondering   
"just when things start to look up, they take a nose dive  back to being stranded   \\dear lord, enough is enough    can we move on now? please    thank you "
"the pain is so great that i can't believe that this is my life   i haven't hurt this bad since my accident   the pain meds that the doctor prescribed say \do not dispense to persons under 21 years of age\""    that's just awesome   """
"had aunt shar & uncle <propmale> over for dinner tonight!  nice to have company since jered is away   they helped me <propfemale> some doors on the office   then tomorrow i get to have dinner with <propfemale> and kaden followed by family home evening!  looking forward to it, something positive    yeah!"
"it's early and i'm up    gotta get movin' if i want to make my appointment on time   beast is having his brakes done this morning   i swear, i am starting to think that i should just move into <propmale>'s shop    i guess it would be closer to work    ugh!"
don't ask about today    it's too depressing 
had a fun time with <propfirst>   i wish we could have <propmale> out longer than just one night   sad 
"what is it with people    if you say you are going to be somewhere at a certain time    be there at that time!  if you are not going to be there, let them know you are not going to be there!  is it really that hard?"
had a priesthood blessing today    it really changed my mood   my day is so much better   i love the gospel!
"jered is on his way home from lehi, ut for the weekend!  i am so excited!  i haven't seen him in 3 weeks!"
jered left for ut again    another two weeks all by myself   sad 
"at work, outside with a coke and some oreos    happy saturday!"
"school starts tomorrow   ready or not, here i go again   let's see, what time does class start again?"
first day of class down    back to the homework grind    ugh    i can do this!
"ugh    woke up this morning & got ready for work  go to the garage & neither of my cars will run! what is up with this? hitched a ride to work, then to school, then back to work & finally home    i work with some really awesome guys! you really know who your friends are when you are in need  thanks guys, you know who you are!  smile "
"getting ready for my crazy schedule    modifying part of my night work schedule to accommodate my day classes   yes, that's right    working nights and doing class during the day    not what i had really planned on, but it'll all work out "
"decided on a whim to drive to lehi, ut to visit the hubby    i miss him  got in the jeep and hit the road after work  and of course, the jeep died in the middle of nowhere  then my knight in shinning red armour (jered in my z) came to my rescue!"
"ugh    came home from work to find that chopper's pond sprung a leak! water everywhere, completely ruining the hardwood floors we just put in after <propfirst>'s mishap in june  relocated chopper to the bathtub once again, mopped it up & now, i think i can finally go to bed  4 hrs of this! jered is suppose to come home this weekend, thank goodness  work tonight might seem like a vacation compared to this "
grades posted for the first chemistry exam    i got a 'b'!  not bad   
"my hip & back are finally starting to recover from my slip & fall while holding chopper friday night  his pond sprung a leak & i had to get him upstairs to the bath tub  with no one to pass him off to, i had to jump while holding him over the side  i haven't been able to put weight on my right leg & have been taking pain pills & babying it since  really sucks!"
bears baby!  3-0!!!
"dinner with grandma, always nice!"
enjoying a nice ice cold coca-cola    i'm telling you they should pay me to love their product so much!  enjoy!  wink 
"i miss jered so much!  it is so hard to have him away   i know that it is a good thing, because he has a job, but i hate not having him here   this  love  is for you love!"
i like it on the end table   
super excited    gonna hit the road to ut to see my <propfemale>!  haven't seen him in a month!!!  gotta get ready to go!!!  smile 
my <propfemale> is home for the weekend!!! feels like home again!
got 100% on three chemistry quizzes in a row!  feeling pretty good about that   hopefully i can recreate that on the exam friday   feeling pretty motivated 
"??? i want to wish my parents a happy anniversary!!! 28 years today, and even though daddy's no longer on earth to celebrate, i know he is with mama this day! love you both!!! ???1"
"*sigh* our black throat monitor took a crap on our carpet while trying to fix his cage  if you don't know, they have the worst smelling \stuff\"" on the face of the earth and regular cleaning doesn't get the smell out  and jered says reptiles are easier than children   ? i think not! bring on the children    *sigh*"""
somehow got a virus on my computer and haven't been able to use the internet for a while   hopefully i got it fixed    thank you norton for helping me out in my time of need   smile 
"went to the doctor today for the sharp pains i have been having in my head, left eye and ear  they feel like electric shocks to the brain, really painful  anyway, he said it sounds like trigeminal neuralgia and i am now on a treatment plan for it  hopefully he is right and the pain will go away soon "
"every person has 1000 wishes; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer    love  u & miss u <propmale>!"
"this pain has to stop!!!  oh my goodness gracious, i really hope the meds the doc gave start working soon   i feel like my brain is being electrocuted!"
"my mri came back and there are no signs of a tumor    thank goodness! restarting the meds for the tn, hopefully they'll start working soon "
"jered decided that i should have a better vehicle for winter   i'm not hard to please, my criteria was that it had to have 4 doors, automatic, awd or 4wd    not only did i get all that    i got cup holders too!!!  oh how i have missed cup holders!!!"
"share if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly!"
"my \headaches\"" have been slowly returning    ugh!!!  good news is i have a doctor's follow up today   maybe we can nip this in the <propmale> quick   hopefully """
"life's journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting, \   holy cow   what a ride!\"""""
"i feel like my head is just going to e playful lode when the pain hits  why is it getting worse? why can't i just be normal? i am living in a cave, all my blinds are closed  i only go out in the dark  i feel like some sort of night crawler  i get sick when the pain hits, sometimes instantly  i barely made it home from work, couldn't even go upstairs  i lived on the couch for two days  please make it go away   "
"i feel like i am going to pass out, but my boys are hungry   i am trying to fight this so i can make my boys some food   i can do this!"
"*sigh* the meds are seeming to work, i've been in quite a bit less pain with my head    thank goodness!  i just want them to go away, i want my life back!"
christmas came early for a certain adams gentleman   he is now the proud owner of a vehicle that is reliable! maybe not having to worry about cars breaking down all the time will help relieve some stress and i'll start to feel better   now to get ready for my doctor appointment  *sigh*
"\part of every misery is     the misery's shadow or reflection: the fact that you don't merely suffer but have to keep on thinking about the fact that you suffer \"" - c s  <propfirst>"""
"i'm so out of it   the meds i was given to help get the old ones out of my system make it so i can't see straight   hence why i've been staying home   i thought i was going crazy and hallucinating because i thought i saw jered when i woke up   ha!  no, i was not hallucinating, he took the day off and hurried home to take care of me after finding out what the doctor said   so sweet, i started to cry!"
"not sure what to say    jered went a head a got <propfirst> an entertainment setup for his bedroom   i understand he's really wanted to do this for him for a long time, but does a 15 year old really need a 50\ plasma 3d tv w  7 1 surround?  apparently i was mistaken when i thought not """
"i really hope <propfirst> like's his christmas gift   if not, i'm putting it in my room!  can anyone help me with a big bow to put on his door?"
"yummy, roast with horseradish sauce!  so good   <propfirst> can't stand the smell of horseradish, but for some reason, knowing that makes it taste that much better!  i'm such a pill!"
my head!
you would think my brain would be scrambled by now with the pain it's been dealing with 
"i feel like <propfemale> <propfirst> in an episode of \home improvement\""   where's <propmale> when you need him?"""
"<propmale>'s new pen is done and he is in it   jered has left for ut in this snow   i got the garage cleared enough to put the cars back in there   thinking about putting up my christmas decorations   i only have a few, but might as well    right?"
enjoying some peppermint hot chocolate watching better off <propmale> on netflix   oh yeah!
classes have been canceled because of the snow    yes!  back to bed i go!
"change your profile picture to a cartoon from yourchildhood  no human faces should be on facebook until monday, december 6th in support of the campaign against child abuse "
i have a follow-up appointment tomorrow about my tn  is it weird that i'm excited about it?
going to the <propfemale> today with <propfemale>!  super excited!  it's gonna be a good day!  smile 
downloading more christmas music    i love christmas music!
"to all my facebook friends !!! will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
my stupid fb got messed up somehow  it says my current city is in oh even though i've changed it & no one can post on my wall  does anyone know how to fix this?
working on christmas cards listening to christmas music and drinking peppermint candycane hot chocolate    i love this time of year!
"i made it to church and it was wonderful! i've been so tired and sick, it's been a long time since i've been  grateful to have been there today, i needed it!"
"going to the <propfemale> with <propfemale> today! i can't sleep, feeling so good!"
"i need someone to shovel my driveway    i don't have a shovel, plus, it's cold "
<propfemale> christmas to everyone out there in facebook land!
jered just finished installing one of my christmas presents    speakers in our bathroom so i can rock out while i soak in tub!  oh yeah!
"having <propfemale> southfield take pictures of me and jered at the capital building today!  so excited, i can hardly wait!"
"had our pictures taken this afternoon and i had such a great time!  thanks <propmale> for being so awesome!  i can't wait to see them all, more sneak peeks please!  smile "
some last minute errands to run with my <propfemale> before he heads back to utah   do you think i can make them last all day?  i'm sure gonna try   smile 
jered is headed back to utah    again   every time he leaves gets harder and harder   looking forward to seeing <propmale>'s finished photos and my mom coming to visit this weekend  i can do this!
"worried about jered's travel back to ut  he's pulled over already to nap b c he's tired  now, back on the road, still tired w  bad weather  prayers please!"
jered made it to ut safe and sound just after midnight   he called me and went straight to bed!  thanks for all your positive thoughts and prayers!
ringing in the new year at work    do you think it would be too much to ask to have a confetti filled foup drop from the ceiling at midnight?  probably    might be a contamination issue   
my mom is visiting!  i woke up to the smell of homemade cookies    such a sweet smell!
"gonna go to the <propfemale> with <propfemale> today!  i decided to work on some of my family  history!  i found some new information which is really exciting, but now i have to figure out how it all fits together!  where is a family history consultant when you need one???"
one more work day then it's the weekend 
woke up so sick   starting to gain some energy back   hoping to feel normal again soon 
"go back to the doctor tomorrow for a follow-up on my tn headaches   i've been feeling a whole lot better (except for being sick this weekend)   i hope he says i can go back to a normal work schedule, that would awesome   but we'll see   wish me luck!  smile "
"in utah visiting jered!  arrived saturday night and get four whole days!  so much to do, or not do "
"having a great time in utah w  jered! he surprised me with a new camera this afternoon! a nikon! i am so excited to try it out! we've gone to the utah auto show where i saw the 2011 dodge durango r t    so awesome! they finally got rid of that ugly design & are bringing back the original one like mine! today went around to all the temples nearby with <propfemale>! so much fun, haven't seen her in forever! pics to come!"
"i am still feeling pretty bad   however, i am feeling better, i have two window shades open instead of them all closed   i figure that is progress   jered has left for pakistan and is currently in dubai   he will be there until the 7th and then head on to pakistan   i will post pictures of dubai as he sends them to me   he says it's really neat there "
"i am back on vicodin for the pain in my head   this is not how i imagined life to be   please pray that i will be able to return to work this week   i need some sort of income   i need to get better!  my doctor's appointment isn't until the 7th, and the er can't seem to do anything more for me than vicodin  prayers please, for me and for jered and <propfirst> who are on there way to pakistan "
doctor's appointment monday    hopefully everything can get sorted out   or at least get started on getting sorted out   i am miserable 
"went to the doctor today    after revealing some strange bruises and odd joint pains, doc requested some blood work to make sure my cell counts, thyroids and blood sugars are all good  basically, even though i am emotionally okay, my depression has caused my body to stop operating and working the way it should   and then there is also the tn!  what a joy, heavenly father will get me through, of this i am sure!"
ugh   new meds make it so i can't sleep even though i am tired!  first i sleep too much now i can't sleep at all   doc is giving me yet another med to help me sleep   this is so frustrating 
"if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ?????"
"i hate traveling when i'm sick, i really don't have energy to navigate an airport  but mom bought my ticket to pdx for my bday a month ago, can't disappoint "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   had a nice day with my mom looking at old family pictures that have been packed away for almost 10 years    since we left chicago!  been fun learning about my family history   probably one of my greatest birthday gifts   i have a lot of <propfemale> work to do when i'm feeling better!  smile 
irritated    and i don't feel well    adds to the irritation 
blood tests show my potassium level is low again among other things  doc started me on potassium pills & a different drug for my tn  hopefully this will do it!
"ummm    so apparently it's daylight savings time    i woke up and my computer, phone, and ipod all said one time, and all my clocks in my house said some else    it's too early for this type of confusion!"
feeling pretty good today compared to most days   woke up to a phone call from my <propfemale> wanting to know how i was doing   i miss him so much   little things like that make life so much better 
wishing things were different 
so nice to be with my <propfemale>    it's been way too long   over a month!
"i am now the proud user of windows 7    holy cow    it is way better than vista!  thank you jered, i love you so much!  you are always making sure i am in the \here and now\"" as far as technology goes!"""
jered spent the day installing a new media only stereo and infinity speakers in my durango!  now i don't need the old school tape deck adapter to listen to my ipod in the car!   he said he wants to do more but it will have to wait   i think he's done more than enough   i love him so much!
"jered, <propfirst> & i came home this afternoon to find that <propmale> had escaped his pen again & had hid under the head board in the master bedroom  i walked into our room & i saw a grey & white scaly thing under the drawers of the headboard   i stopped & bust out laughing, what a funny lizard  in case anyone is wondering, to get a 5ft, 33lb lizard out from under a 500 lb, solid oak headboard, bribery works quite well   "
"woke up this morning and opened the door to find <propmale> right outside of it   he has become quite the escape artist, and apparently, he really wants in our room!"
"it's such a beautiful day   if my eye was okay, i would take marro out for a ride   i feel bad for marro, all cooped up in the cold, dark garage     sad "
i love general conference  it helps me feel strong when i've been feeling weak  there is so much i forget about my savior in my day to day that now i remember 
a new <propfemale> announced in meridian idaho!!!  sweet!  so exciting!
i was going through some old boxes of stuff that never found a home in the house after we moved in   i found a $25 gift card to red <propfirst> and my dad's chicago cubs baseball cap!  sweet day!  love 
