ab4e6b8fb25a7492c65ae3dae9bae6df
bananas are on my mind   
hows all the new friends doin????
<propfirst> crack corn?
omg man so many pillow fights and drinks sent to me on this!!! i cant take it!!! its to much for me to handle!!! im going insane!!! fucking getting hit by a soft pillow and then a tootie roll pillow!! wtf is that about!!! why not just one comfy pillow so it doesnt hurt?!!
roses are red    violets are blue    achoo achoo????
omg the west side gets more boring everyday!!! cant wait till im 21    goin down my street of west 3rd and hitting up every bar i can find!!! then going downtown to finish the job!!!!
"man     i think i need to cut my hair     not for sure tho, wat do u guys think?"
"stressful times     stressful times     but its alllllll good!!!!  laugh  got my \organic medicine\"" to cope"""
man    fuck da poooooolice!!!!
"man why isn't anyone down for a game of dodge ball outside of school??? i havn't played that shit in about 2 years, it needs to go down!!!"
<propfirst>    <propfirst>    <propfirst>    <propfirst>!!!! lmao <propfirst> springer is hilarous!!!!
"falling to a spell way deeper then hell, sentation was given to me from my home girl shell, told me since i was in pain and loved to rebell this motorolla will suit you real well, 10 mins, 20 mins, 30 mins    feelin funny, but if i, my eyes dialated anotha size, walked up to a stranga baby can i suck yo tounge?"
"falling to a spell way deeper then hell, sentation was given to me from my home girl shell, told me since i was in pain and loved to rebell this motorolla will suit you real well, 10 mins, 20 mins, 30 mins    feelin funny, but if i, my eyes dialated anotha size, walked up to a stranga baby can i suck yo tounge?"
"falling to a spell way deeper then hell, sentation was given to me from my home girl shell, told me since i was in pain and loved to rebell this motorolla will suit you real well, 10 mins, 20 mins, 30 mins    feelin funny, but if i, my eyes dialated anotha size, walked up to a stranga baby can i suck yo tounge???"
what up everyone?
i like hello <propfemale>
hello <propfemale> is amazing!!!!
whoses gonna be my murder     my killer??? sign up sheets at the front office
"im staring down the barrell of a magnum, who is on the other side of the gun? i ask myself, omg its you    i see theres no more love for dr  chronic anymore so just pull the trigger    "
whats up my ppl???? (hello <propfemale> is amazing!!!)
"live life to the fullest, dont let ppl bring you down, kick them in the nuts and keep climbing, you'll make it to the top someday, you'll be living in a mansion peeing in a gold toilet, someday      someday    "
"live life to the fullest, dont let ppl bring you down, kick them in the nuts and keep climbing, you'll make it to the top someday, you'll be living in a mansion peeing in a gold toilet, someday      someday    "
what up everyone? and who stole my taco? if you have any information let me know!
what ladies wanna drink tonight?
"needs to get out of this town, starting to go insane     "
"omg im argueing with some chick about if white is the best, im not trying to be racist, but i do think white is the best, and shes argueing even tho shes white!"
"omg these twin bings are awesome, whats everyone up 2?"
"women      women are incredible but insane creatures, they think all men are jerks, but all men are jerks, because a real man wont hurt a woman, cheat on a woman or lie to her unless it to keep her from getting hurt     men are jerks, children are     "
"i would love to look at life in someone elses eyes, see if they had an intense life like me    "
omg i heard the most hiliarous thing today!!!! this mexican kid asked me how do you spell taco and burrito!!!! that made my day!
"gonna try and make some money tonight, if i do anyone wanna party?"
"man     my lovely neice nadeca is the happiest baby ive ever met, i haven't heard her cry once and ive been watchin her for awhile, all she does is smile!  smile "
"still no problem with the baby, the beautiful spider monkey is fast asleep     smile "
whats up my gangsta gangstas?  wink 
"omg today was a pretty cool day at the job site at school, the construction teachers were busting sexual jokes along with us, it was hilarious! they normal dont but i think they did becuz the main honco <propfirst> wasn't there, hes in vegas!!!"
<propfirst> has his way with his guitars!!!! sexually!!!
"im a walking drug, im addictive  smile "
"thinking about turning my old tv into a tv bomb, by filling it full of gun powder, and whatever i can find thats flammable, who thinks i should?"
"lmao, my 5 year old nephew said boys have looloos and girls peach-peaches     omg when i heard that i laughed at him"
"love is a marvelous feeling  but when one of the components for love goes missing thats the worst feeling ever  but thats what makes life worth living, always remember to love them for all they are  if you dont have a partner to share your love with, dont give up on life, theres always someone out there who wants your love and with imbrace it with warm open arms if they dont have arms then with a warm chest and numbs"
omg i finally tried the peanut butter oreos!!! i say there better then normal oreos hands down  smile 
"bored as hell watchin my nephew, someone entertain me  smile "
ahhhh     some harsh times are upon me      harsh times    
its my b-day on wensday! woo!
cotton <propfemale> is the best! better then any other snack! even peanut butter oreos!!!
"so many ppl are dying young, gots me thinkin, what kept me alive? ive had atleast 3 near death e playful eriences, what makes me so special? my big bro got stabbed acouple of times, came home with blood all over him, but hes still alive, what makes him special? i guess we both have somethin important to contribute to the world    "
"as i glare into the reflection of the lake, i see a young man who is scarred from the life he has lead, the facial complexion of his face resembles his father, a man who works for lucifer, this young man is a stranger to me, i ponder in my head who this young man is, and it hits me, its me, wishing i was still a child skipping rocks across the lake instead of resenting the lake for showing me this stranger   "
"been going to school everyday!!!! pretty proud of my self, never could do that before  smile "
wow     some of life paths might be intertwinging soon    
ahhhh      stressful times     stressful times    
"everybody say you owe me everything in the world, all i wanted is you to be there    "
"they say you should have been there to take me fishing, to take me hunting, to teach me how to ride a bike, to tell me how to be a man, but all i wanted is you to be there    "
"life is to short to care what others think of you, dedicate your time to making yourself happy, not others, sooner or later the others will love you too"
everything falls into place sooner or later    
"drawing is the shit man!!!! its sooooooo relaxing!!!! almost as relaxing as <propmale>, and shows creativity!!!!!!!!!  smile "
kid cudi is the shit! been listening to him alot  smile 
"im alil' dysfuctional, dont you know?"
"just saw a picture of him, he looks so happy with his younger son, it pisses me the fuck off real bad     he can rot in hell, he says he has tried, he has never tried, what a waste of skin    "
ahhhh     what a hooker face
"ahhh    the internet is boring, the only thing there is anymore is porn,games, more porn, facebook and myspace, and then more porn    "
"they say family is everthing, the ones you can trust, its odd though, i dont feel i can trust my family except my momma, everyone else i feel would sell me out for enough money, but ive always felt that i can trust my friends, never had to worry about them ratting me out to someone, even if i was on the run from the lil piggies"
"shit cracka, damn!"
whats everyone up to?
"money, money, money, moneyy     moneeyyy!!!!"
whats up everyone?
"lmao, everyone has daddy issues now a days, its a trend, but the way to cope with it is to call him mudd butt, and tell him to go fuck his couch  and wash your hands of him and his drama"
why is it that i love everything that i can't have? is it curiosity or stupidity?
just gimmie one good time! ahhh      such a good song
"man, money is great, i understand why money causes blood shed  because greed is a powerful element that mankind cannot and will not ever be able to control   "
"hahahaha, i <propfirst> a crack baby today giving a thumbs up, while the other hand was down his diaper, its fucking hiliariously awesome"
"man, fuck yo couch and the next couch you get!"
whose got a 11 gauge guitar string or needle they wanna give <propmale>?
live life to the fullest     so true to live by    
a person only floats when hes dead
"they say depression is part of life, but if that is what life is holding for me then fuck that! hahahaha"
hahaha <propfirst> springer was pretty awesome today
whats up my wonderful crackers?
"man i can't wait till i start my job! cuz theres nothin to do but drugs, but thats fun too"
im so glad im done with school! now getta work on a fulltime job! woo!
whats up knee grows?
"ive always been told not to talk to strangers, but i've never listened, like last night, i almost got a ride from complete strangers at midnight or 1, cuz they offered a ride, but then they drove off while girls yelled out the window whats your name, so that was alil confusing    "
"ehhh    facebook is borin' if anyone wants to keep talkin' hit me up on my phone, just turn it back on and if you ain't got the number you do now its 577-7516"
ahhh    drawin' is one of the few things that relaxes me   
omg last night was one of the best nights ever!! hands down one of thee best   
"shit! missplaced my phone when i was drinkin' with <propfirst>, now im phoneless!"
"god damn! tech n9ne is gonna be in rapid city and in <propmale> nebraska, sounds like ima have to steal someones car to get out there!"
damn tech n9ne just showed me an amazing artist called prozak and hes the shit!
"omg who would have known that under our city lies a colony of smurfs who are addicted to meth! thats why were considered the meth capitol, it all makes sense now!"
ahhh    today is boring    need to hurry up and get a car
ahhhhhh!!!! i cant sleep!!!!
"took me forever to get to sleep, makes me feel like i do meth!"
"wow    well i guess im my moms personal chef now    just got done makin' a shit load of jalopeno poppers, but its all good cuz im gettin' paid for it!"
"ahhhh    life is rough     but i guess thats what makes life worth livin', cuz if there wasn't obstacles to overcome then whats the point? then your just sittin' there watchin' yourself rot    but i hope life gets atleast alil easier, or ima just go insane!"
i need to hurry up and get some money together for a new phone
"fuck! its hot out, i walked a block away to a friends house and he wasn't there so i walked back and im already fuckin' sweating"
"hahahaha, im so glad im graduated, dont gotta skip school anymore!"
ahhhh! i need crack so i can stay up till its night time so i can get back on a regular scedule!!! been up for the passed day and a half!
"sweet, hopefully i get a phone today!"
"wishin' i wouldn't have aten so much, stomach feels like its gonna e playful lode!"
"so hows everyones day goin? pretty good over here, gettin' paid to cook food!"
"shit, tonight i guess im makin' some <propmale> and cheese from some chef named <propmale> that invovles garlic and onions and alot of other ingredinents, alot of work! but i guess it worth it since im gettin' paid, sucks cuttin' onions tho, burns!"
"well im finally done cookin' but were gonna have to wait till tomorrow to know if its good, cuz i am not tryin it, it smells good, but the recipe calls for you to put greek yogurt in the cheese sauce, who the fuck puts yogurt in macaroni and cheese? ill tell you who! a imbred famous chef named <propmale>!"
"i just saw a phone that cost 900 bucks! god damn, who ever buys that phone is spoiled! that money could be used for somethin' better, like feeding straving children or atleast just giving it to me!"
sweet finally gettin' a ride to go get some money! took for evs!!!
yes! i finally got my phone back!
ahhh    i can never sleep anymore    ever!
needs somethin' to do today
"girls are like the lottery, can't win if you dont play  wink "
"well 24 hrs of bein' sober down, a ton of more hours to go!"
"hahaha i just saw one of the most hiliarous episodes of ugly americans ever, my new favorite show"
three days down! woo!
"4 days down! woo! and actually had a test, had to say no to <propmale> when they passed it my way  smile "
5 days down of not smokin' that magical green <propmale> woo!  smile 
"got my hair cut again, for some odd reason can't stand it long anymore"
"damn, been clean for along ass time now, well not that long but the longest i've ever been since i started, pretty proud of myself  smile "
"omg, i had a dream about the best sandwhich ever! so when i woke up i had to make it! cuz who the hell has a dream about that? first time i ever did and it was by far the best sandwhich ever!"
whats crackin'?
paranormal activety 2 is lookin' pretty bad ass!
whats up kool kats?
"omg i've got some crack head children livin' with me now, wit extremely sucks!!!"
"man, i am super cold! its not even winter yet and its cold, sucks     "
its sucks bein' sick! needa get some medicine!
whats up my knee grows?
"i think i've got somethin' f-ed up with me cuz im always cold, doesn't even gotta be cold out!"
"theres a demon inside of me, can i kill it?"
"shit, wish i could sleep     but i guess it all gravy!"
"man    i played monopoly for the first time in like 8 years! i forgot how awesome that game is, long tho   "
finally gettin' some money tomorrow! woo hoo?
whats up my cracka yacks?
"man, im startin' to think i needa goto college or somethin', just cuz im bored as hell in sioux city!"
"man, i got two messed up ankles, now i know how it feels to be crippled, and i do not like it at all!"
"damn, <propmale> <propmale> got busted with <propmale>! why they always hating on the stoners?!"
sick of this messed up foot!
whats up?
"leben in vollen zügen,  ????? ? ?????? ??????,  ????? ??? ???? ???,  ???????????,  ži? život naplno  thats how you say live life to the fullest in 5 different language but what languages are these???"
well my older bro has screwed me over for the last time! now i want nothin' to do with that faggul
snow sucks
anybody wanna come keep good old <propmale> warm?  smile 
ugh! can't sleep
whats everyone up to?
"'bout to go watch a movie called splice, its pretty goofy, seen it already! so gimmie a text cuz im bored 577-7516"
"lol wow    lots of people are playin' that number game now, ever time i come on here theres a new one on here"
confession time  [ inbox only]   2010 is almost over confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask <propfemale>  [100% private]   put this as your status  you might be surprised  
sweet might got myself a job! been needin' one of those for awhile now!
i am giving birth to our lord and savoir this christmas!!!! so everyone better give baby jesus a fist pound!
"lol i never knew how frustrating minesweep can be, alot of people think your just supposed to click randomly on it, but nah, its a pretty tricky game!"
"man, i needa buy more kool-aid shirts! cuz i've drawn some sick stuff on this purple one i own!"
"damn, i think the vikings got there asses whoop! well last i saw of them they where gettin' owned!"
"man, i got jury duty!"
if anybody is good friends with a professional tattooer you should hit me up!
"if i had a million dollars and this was my last year alive, man that would be the greatest million anybody spent!! party till i have my last breathe"
so hows everyones christmas? dont forget to fist pound baby jesus!
"when i was younger i always thought the reason for christmas was for gifts  this is the first year i haven't gotten anythin'  but its all gravy, cuz i grew up and relized no holiday is about material objects  its 'bout bringin' the family together, and if you get a gift while that is taking place, so be it"
\one bright day in the middle of the night \,ab4e6b8fb25a7492c65ae3dae9bae6df,just added some of thee <propmale> so take a look!
so whose gonna have some fun on new years?
my parents put budweiser bbq sauce on some nuggets    never gonna try that again! if i want my mouth to taste like beer i'll go find a beer!
"damn, todays a great day to be alive"
"if you leave your heart open, love will always find its way in! one of the coolest qoute i've heard"
"lifes rough, but keep your head up!"
sippin' on that gin and juice  smile 
its all about the dinero!
"damn, 12 more days till my b-day! whose buyin' <propmale> a professional tat gun?!?!!!"
"hahaha, got my lilttle niece dancin' to my music!!! lol she probably shouldn't be listenin to this kind of music yet, but oh well  smile "
te amo to all!  smile  or if your french <propfemale> tem!
one fly ass knee-grow! whose tryin' to kick it today?
"damn, barely ever get to listen to music now, what am i gonna do?!?!?!"
"my bottom wisdom teeth are coming in, sucks tho, one side is f-ing up my gums trying to get out!"
"lmao, robot unicorn music is intense! i always i want to be with you! and make believe with you!"
"hahaha, i hope the steelers lose!"
whats goin' on everybody??
