44608244e88eeb6296a85007147f66d4
   another day another year   
"i have three new years resolutions: 1  be more patient with my family    read that how you will  2  read more of my books- especially the ones on my bottom shelf  3  exercise about 3 times a week, whether through wii fit or just running a lap or two  bonus resolution: love my fiance more   or est    sorry <propfemale>    bonus resolution 2: no more tardiness     playful  happy 2010!"
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go   
is hoping his brother made it on the train to <propmale> ok   i just hope he isn't late to get to ft  <propmale>   good luck <propmale>!
actaully it was my ipod    but whatever   
"\yup\"""""
i am just tired   
i need to go to bed now    will make a quiz tomorrow   
created my own quiz but something buggered it up    so i have to re do it    later
off to work now     wow- is this repetitive or what   
i love the weather lately
"i just finished reading rabbit doubt, and it is hella good   look it up, and read it- very short though   "
"japanese is hard    for someone who hasn't really practiced for like 5 years    getting back into it with <propfemale> stone, you guys should give it a try   "
"i love the virtualbox, it is an excellent and free program to run mulitiple os's at the same time, like right now running windows 7:build 7201, and  playful  pro black edition- sweetness!"
"yay    i is drunk    i need sleep    night, and happy 5th of july!!"
yay    my placebo box showed up    finally!  also torchwood season 3 started today    today was a good day!   laugh 
"wants to be done moving, and situating stuff already!!-- i hate being a pack rat   "
is tired of stupid quizzes on facebook!
"i have a bad feeling about my show    sorry torchies- they killed ianto    fuckin rat bastards!!!  might as well put a death nail in my show- i can see the quote from bbc now, \we feel the show reached it's natural conclusion with <propfirst> and <propfemale> being the """
is tired   
for what it's worth is a really good song    thank you placebo!
is tired    again   
   
"after a <propmale> start to the evening, tonight was a good date    love you <propfemale>!"
does anything ever go as planned??  seriously   
i stand corrected    there will be a torchwood season 4    yay!    now just when is it?! next year probably but still    i can't wait!!!
4chan    ftw!!
after work tonight starts a 4 day weekend    happy birthday to <propmale>!!!
"is just worried about the upcoming semester, and his conflicting job   "
"right now beyond screaming my head off- i want to speak with my father face to face    need his point of view on somethings    and i miss him, a lot right now   why is it that when the one person whom you can talk to about nearly everything with no fears "
"yay going to the zoo sunday, woot woot!!! and according to <propfemale> get to see some of my relatives too    so awesome sauce!!"
i am sick and tired of being sick and tired    just leave me alone already!!
"i have noticed that people always want that which they can not have and sometimes that which is most familiar to them    you want me to be like someone that fits into your puzzle of a life- well, my entire life i have spent making sure that i do not fit t"
"it's a new day, and already i feel as though it's going to be a long one   "
i need more prozzak    the band not the pills ass    it's kinda a pity that they don't make more music   
i'm gonna sing the doom song now   
even fake people are people too    we call them mannequins   
"i don't hate dinosaurs, i was first in line for the jurassic park movies    but it's stupid to remove comments just because they don't agree with you    that's draconian censorship    which i hate even more that i don't care for \cute dinosaurs\""    remove this lk!"""
what is on your mind?
wow    sometimes it's weird how everything just fits just right sometimes   
never fails    you plan and something comes along and fucks it all up   
i has to goes to works now    see my puter at like 11pm   
i finally gots the books put aways    kinda | i can't wait for school to start   
"for some reason, i cried when godric died   "
"it's amusing how a simple mistake can and will fug up your whole day    sorry, i made a mistake   what else can i do to fix it?"
"it's down right frightening when something read is so true and dead on about yourself that it gives one the goosebumps, which in turn is fucking brilliant in it's simplicity and scope that it's just scary "
"so, online orientation broke- now i am bored    time to go home, and reschedule for next tuesday- hopefully no assignments are due by then   "
i am going to go to bed    hopefully tomorrow will be a better day overall    one can only hope 
"now that i am fully rested    i look forward to good day, i hope   "
can't wait for tomorrow    sunday is a day off   
tomorrow night    raw or schoolwork    easy choice huh?
life isn't just drifting down the stream    sometimes you have to steer the boat down the right forks    and hope for the best   
my son is having surgery tomorrow in the am    i am kinda worried but to tired to freak out about it    night all
surgery was a success and everything is all good    boucin off the walls like nothin ever happened this morning   
well i know what i want to do the night before halloween   
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment or send a message with a memory of you and me  it can be anything  when you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
wow- only two responses    i would have at least counted five    oh well *gopher dance* i'm alright    don't no one have to worry bout me   
someone ninjard my fucking sweatshirt from the zoo    i hope that person dies a slow and horrible death- unless they returned it to lost and found like i did for the two other people    then thank you    but otherwise death most extreme!
"to the people i removed from my friends list recently- i'm sorry   it's nothing personal, but if i see you we are still friends as far as business goes    other wise- see you on psn or xbox live"
"for my next car, i want a focus rs    not the peice of crap cars that ford sells now- but the ones from euro, that will be here in like 3 years    svt ftw    not that many know what i am talkin about- i miss my pumpkin   "
kinda dreading today's chemistry test    wish me luck!
all i have to say    about friggin time nebraska!!! about friggin time!!
i hate paydays   
"i was alone    falling free    trying my best not to forget    what happened to us    what happened to me    what happened as i let it slip    i was confused by the powers that be    forgetting names and faces    passers by, were looking at me    as if they could erase us    ~ placebo \meds\"" live from ankor wat"""
"do you ever wonder sometimes about what you are going to do when all you have around is your son, and your significant other    but no friends to <propfemale> out with    i can't wait til the 30th    i am definatly going to have my \devil's night\""    ain't that right <propmale>?    gordy? we are so getting arrested    lol!"""
wow    all one needs to do is say please    but sometimes thats too hard for people to remember   
have you ever been so tired- that you can't sleep?  there's an app for that   
i am finally caught up on all my latest television episodes    only took 5 hours    oi    oyasumi    night all
"i am sorry to the ppl who thought i was in any real danger or was annoyed by the spamming by those cyber nutjobs    i hope they all die horrible, horrible deaths   "
ever so tired that everything thing said to you is misunderstood    i am not that tired yet- ppl seriously can piss me off   
i grow tired of this fight   
oww    my head feels like iss gonna essplode    migraines suck ass   
yay    my head don't hurt anymore    and i didn't essplode!
i am officially a unk student    again!
all i got to say: story of the fucking season!!!!
zomg is it sooo friggin' cold out    i am thinkin i can grow a snot stache   
i really hope that the snow really doesn't shut down gi    what about my test?  i still need to take the damned thing and i really hope that my professor is reachable    cause obviously he needs to be reached so i can take my damn test!!    either that and say screw it- do the final with teh book and just pass the class anyways    top four tests are whats graded    i will find out wednesday    i guess   
"they better not cancel school next week, or i will be screwed completly   "
"test taken, final in hand, crisis averted   "
i hate being sick- found out yesterday that i have a stomach virus    how did i even catch that?
must have been a minor bug- cause whatever virus i did have i was able to work the rest of saturday and all of my sunday shift no problems    like a boss!
"so i passed my chemistry class with an a    next stop    unk, and taking my 3 25 gpa with me which instantly drops after i register for classes: d'oh!  i can't wait to retake those classes i have f's in at unk, once i complete those my gpa will actually sky rocket to about 3 5 or 3 75ish    can't wait!"
"here is news to me: i am suicidal    which to me, makes no fucking sense whatsoever     i hate people, their stupid drama, and their insignificunt little lives in which they get amusement by through deception and backstabbery    now here is news to them: <propfemale>, charming gal, is a bitch    enjoy that which you reap, in full    motherfuckers   "
"today would be a perfect day for a snowball fight- the snow was melted just enough to make it packable, to play in the snow toady would've been awesome    where is the time when you really need it   "
"wishin this week was already over    snowstorms and work, not a good combo- but add to that christmas insanity and it's an allaround bad mix   "
"i am upset at the prospect that i have only seen peyton once this entire visit- <propmale> three times, and that makes me a sad panda     sad "
happy chrismahanakwansika to you this yule   
"the end of time 2 can't come soon enough    i can not wait until next week, new years day    the end of the tenth doctor, ahh yes!"
one last christmas and several errands to run today- i think i am gonna go to coney island for lunch   
do i look like a <propmale> and cheese delivery service to you?!
the night is still young    but my bed summons me   
"is very grateful for the family he has    thank you <propfemale>, for your support and our amazing son, thank you <propmale>- i love you to death, thank you mom for the love of <propmale>, thank you dad for the love of music, thank you gidge for the guidance, thank you grandma and grandpa for the help when i am in need    because of all of you i have been able to acheive my goals and succeed in my steps towards my dreams   love you "
happy 2011 everybody!!
"tangled was pretty cool, <propmale> didn't care much for it, but his mom and dad liked it  laugh "
why can't fuckin mothernature take a rest for like a week- i need to make to kearney to sign up for classes tomorrow    and they're calling for more snow and wind and shit    i really do hate this land of schizophrenic mothernature    
heading out into the cold    heading to k-town to sign up for classes    wish me a safe journey    i am going to drive slow   er than usual    i should make it there by noon   
"i am signed up now, music and sociology    now heading home   "
is home now   
iss coooooollllllldddddddddddddd
i can't wait for next week     matter of fact: it can't come soon enough   
"fml: my first day of school is on tuesday, and my car that's supposed to take me there, doesn't start    fuck my life   "
"'well, you know what, i blame whoever is in charge of keeping everything up to date and efficiently ordered   now   who would that be?'"
"one day down, the easy one where all they do is introduce themselves and talk about the syllabus and alittle about what we covered in class    yay    i am doomed  laugh "
"wow- two things    music class was cancelled today due to technical difficulties, and an old classmate of mine from here is teaching and living in uganda in africa    reading abit on his life it's stupid crazy how much he's accomplished in his life so far    something to try and aspire to   "
so the car still doesn't start- even though its warm out- i need to wait for the snow to melt (whenever that is) to try and replace the fuel filter    hope that works other wise i am spendin 250 on a fuel pump    <propfemale> <propfemale>   
"i love thinking about the future in general, but don't like pigeon holing myself into one concrete future cause i never know what is going to happen   "
"i go to mail a package today and i forgot today is mlk day    so yeah, stupid me    laugh it up!"
"so    what to do    i have homework, laundry, a desk to clean off, and ncis la to watch    also need to clean our bedroom    like i said, what to do, what to do    <propfemale> <propfemale>   "
"you know for how flawwed vampire diaries is compared to the books, i honestly can't wait for the new episodes to start tomorrow   "
arrg    brains   
yesterday should forever live in infamy    i will miss you waldenbooks    fuck you borders!!!
ever do anything right?  remind me how that feels   
alexander: the true gentleman; emery: the coolest kid ever   
so i finally get my ipod to connect to unks wifi service    and facebook keeps erroring out    fml
"why is it that when you order something on friday and select overnight- you get it monday?  anyways, i can't wait for monday- i get my new cell phone!"
"my new phone likes the weather in washington, nebraska    i live in grand island "
"don't drink don't drive fast don't smoke, they say    i say kiss my ass!~ the saints"
"yeah because i sped thru the test, two questions i knew, i answered completely wrong    i could have had a 105    sad face   "
"bought a bad ass camcorder today    thank you <propfemale> & and anyone else who happens to give me birthday money, cause that is what it went to "
i get to go back to work tomorrow    awesome   
"this is me, signing off    i am rebuilding, then waiting for the final two components of my computer    a processor and a pair of video cards    i will be signing back on with my phone, but don't e playful ect quick replies or anything until i at least have my processor, which should arrive on st  <propfirst>'s day   "
finally!!!
is hoping that some dreams really don't come true    oh and btw <propfemale> vus suck   
got a 90 on my second sociology test    woot - woot!
lol @ <propfemale>    sorry sis i agree
"why is the fab so fucking hot, yet the library is freezing cold??!"
totally random fact: i have a box of <propfemale> grahams
totally random fact    i need to move our internet and my desk sometime soon^tm
"is it ok to want a $2,600 program?"
"so was going to drive tonight, then decided that i should stay home tonight and sleep    five hours til i need to wake up and drive my happy ass to class   "
so they finally came out with the new <propmale> book pros    about freaking time   
"amazon fails to impress me, my pre-order will not ship until june    are you fucking kidding me??"
"so, i have a weird fan in my case that will work    sometimes   , if i tap my case it works    for about two minutes then shuts off again    at least now i know why it was so loud!    stupid fan    what a waste of $8 dollars plus ship   "
"kick-ass with <propmale>, definitely lived up to its name   "
damn!!!!! evga notified me about restocking their cards--- a couple minutes later already sold out
3d world of warcraft= fucking amazing!!!!!
so viaero just told me that the interwebs won't connect on the snap plan anymore    boo- so now i need a contract to just use my web enabled phone- something is definitely wrong with this picture   
wow    9 years is a long time- here's to many many more love you <propfemale>!
"1 paper, 1 5 reviews, and two finals- on two different days    then spring semester is complete    oh and tomorrow is my only day off til tuesday   "
ok    sense for my phone is amazing    now if only i could keep the facebook off my contacts    ps sorry <propfirst> mullen
maybe a 1000 deposit isn't such a bad thing for reliable service
"holy crap- i got a 100 on a quiz i thought i bombed last week in sociology    that's awesome!!  now all i have to do is score a 92 or higher and i will have an a in sociology, i think i did at least a b if not higher in intro to music "
"i got a 4 0 gpa this semester!  a's in both intro to sociology, and intro to music- my roflcopter goes woot woot!! hell yeah!!"
i has a headache   
"i have to go see the doctor, i wish it was the mad one with a blue box, but i can't sleep, and my apt is at 9   "
why should i?
go is so good   
new <propfirst> hood movie was meh- but racin go karts- was awesome   
i really hate phone tag
i need more atmosphere in my life- cause when life gives you lemons    you paint that shit gold!!
"why does the kingdom hearts series always have to end so-- depressing    if this is how the series will be, makes me wonder how crushing they can really make xiii versus, as the squeenix crew have already said it will be the saddest game anyone has played, evar!!    i really hope not   "
"i really harbor a deep and terrible hatred of liars    you know the type, the ones that tell you one thing never e playful ecting to hear from you again, and then when you are checking back with them about stuff- the lies they told you come to the surface    yeah- those type of people, and at first it's one thing as an easy way of letting one go, but it's another if those lies are what is keeping one from a job   "
"about fuggin time!!!!:  torchwood series 4 confirmed for next summer    next summer can't come soon enough!!! welcome back, captain <propfirst>!!!"
"is there a way to delete my facebook account?  i don't want to be on here anymore    hell, i don't want to be anywhere anymore, and the more i keep thinking about it    maybe i am not really needed at all on here or anywhere    if i start walking, i may never look back, and if i start running- i will never know how i got there, so there'd be no way for me to return   "
"it's gonna be alright    it'll be ok    one day i will do this, and make things right one way or another    but for now    everything's gravy   "
it's hot and i'm tired of thinking on this    i want to sleep   
"nothing i do seems to help in this at all    even sleep doesn't help me    what to do, what to do   "
"i want to talk to you, but you don't even understand what i'm trying to tell you   "
"i am trying not to see or hear or feel what it is that i see or hear or feel    i hope that sooner or later, this goes away as i hate thinking like this    one day and soon i will keep that promise i made but for now, i just want to rest and overcome this and be content too   "
"so, was it good for you?"
"now then, back to bed    alarms are set for eleven   "
"at taco <propfemale>, with g"
"well, today may have not been a good day to do this anyways    maybe next week   "
boredom is picking at my brain   
today is going to be the suck    
"needs to eat, yet isn't feeling well enough the do so    i     might force me out of bed to get some noms"
"peanut butter toast    yum, but i wish i had some apple barn apple butter   "
"this sucks, the titans lost     sad  preseason doesn't matter anyways right    off to work"
my nexus is about to go the way of one of my best friend's phones    out the car window down the highway!!
what does everybody want???!!
"can i possibly not think about stuff for like a day or two, i am really willing to give anything    please just stop already    "
9 9 can i go magic poof?
"why is this happening again, can't (place which ever higher powers you believe in here) give it a rest    it's annoying, cryptic, and i do not want to repeat it really    it was bad enough the first time, second time, and i know third time is the charm, but seriously: no more"
"is getting sick and tired of being sick and tired    i can't wait for saturday, monday or next month already   "
is it wrong to want to see someone i haven't seen in over a decade?
i love the rain    i just wish that the mist would wash away this pain   
yes cause screaming always worked
"i can't fight with you anymore, because i don't want to   i can't stand by idly and listen to your interpretations of my thoughts and dreams either "
"it's not pain, it doesn't have that spoon dull sting, it's something else i am going through so before you harp on me about what i say or how i feel,"
"maybe you should ask, but be prepared for the answers when you don't like what you hear, do not take what i am going through and spin into to something it's not"
"i may love someone regardless of this, that doesn't mean anything   i am in love with you, no one else, but i will not fight you anymore   next time, i am done "
"the last four statuses go together    that is my thoughts as of right now, i am usually a very forgiving person or maybe i really am that dumb to stay "
"i really wish that it was easy to take back everything, but it's not, if it was i would have a long time ago- salvaging what little pieces i could   everything is ending and that is how i feel   you push me, ghode me, and all around have no faith in me about how i feel    to which all i have to say is this:    "
"whatever has been said, \whatever has been done, \tears have been bled, \blood has been spilt, \and our relationship is really starting to wilt "
"there is nothing to fear, but fear itself   and spiders "
"i look forward to the places i will go, the people i will meet, and looking forward to seeing people i haven't seen in a whiles    i am honestly excited   "
officially on verizon   
seven minutes   
poetic justice is another way of saying <propfemale>'s a bitch   
"after a short detour, on our way to kearney, got to get some supplies   "
"so <propmale>, do you wanna try?"
road trippin' with my sister to the massacre   
"i guess the quote is true    where i walk, i walk alone   "
shit you hear or see while waiting in line   
"the outcasts of society, fucking rock socks   "
"things you shouldn't see waiting in line at a gothy rock concert: an old lady with a cane    and yes she's here for the show, with her husband   "
"don't text me, i'm at the massacre   "
skynet is real ya'know ~ chibi
"i have come to realize that people are like webs, with them in the middle    they all have something that makes it very hard to 'stop talking' to them    and yes to the one that will for certain read this, this is directed at you   "
"ok, i don't know how, and i definitely don't understand why, but for the last five or six days, you have a knack for waking me up with your facebook posts   i am not subscribed and a lot of times i don't care what you have to say, so how do i feel this way?"
ok- i think i am going to bomb japanese    my teacher- is french    go figure   
"english was ok, now off to <propfirst>   "
old school gir: taaaaaaaaqqqqqqqqqqqqqqquuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttooooooooooooooooooooooooooossssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"wow, that was ghetto    i made an agreement with the old director, and the new director isn't honoring it    so much for the <propfirst> house   "
are mondays always like this   
"i think today is like, my terrible no good very bad day    i should draw an invisible castle in a pitch white blizzard, and see if my teacher will appreciate it, that should round out today on a perfectly crap monday   i am wondering if this is really a blessing in disguise   "
"ugh- i can't sleep, i want to call you, but i don't want to bicker either, and i know i need to sleep as i have to be up in like 5 hours, but i just want to tell you everything on my mind- and i love you <propfemale> hendrickson"
"now that that is out of my system, i hope i rest easier     good night, <propmale> and <propfemale>- i love you both this much -arms stretched out-"
"just close the door, it's all coming back to me,\be still my heart, cause it's all coming back   \\class today was good, and i just want to sleep- something on the wall screamed for my attention earlier and i went back and read the item, and i think i am going to apply for the sigma tau <propfemale>    as i have a's in every english and literature class i have ever taken, it seems like a good idea to me "
<place witty status update here>
beginning to wonder if moving to kearney would be easier to study after all   
"feels like he's gonna e playful lode    my body is twitchy, and i'm very warm    warmer than usual    maybe i'm sick    i don't know   "
i think i need to go lie down   
"yeah- i wanted to get up and leave two hours ago, maybe i do fail at this whole leaving thing    that should be obvious by now, i guess   "
"there are steps that no one ever wants to take    \there are paths that no one ever wants to walk    \there are thoughts that no one ever wants to think    \the people that do take these steps down these paths through their thoughts, \are brave beyond reason   "
@ @ hello @ @
i am so hyper    i make rebel <propfemale> <propmale> ? look lethargic    lol!
"    *yawn* it's been a long day, my son has a viral infection which is hampering his movement of his hip, i am crashing hard from whatever made me hyper as hell last night, and i want to write    but am so exhausted i am literally blinking out the screen    zzz   "
it's going to be a long day   
"night has been made    \my head aches fade   \hope for a good night    \and less of sleeps plight   "
"the bed calls me like cthulhu   \and thus the dreams begin   \they tell me that i missed you   \i can't wait to see you again   \but as the dreams turn blue   \i curse this life that i'm in   \soon i will awake like you   \and wonder how you're doin'   \i'll repeat the day without you   \until the bed calls back again   "
whoa    what was that?  i've never had a dream like that before   
"this night is almost over,\a new <propfemale> draws ever near,\the darkness is passing,\and light will wash away the fear,\goddess, <propmale> me serenity,\to leave all that want to lear,\i can't do this any more, fate,\please take me away from here "
is tired   
"eh, it's for the best   "
"so sad, to see, \you fade, from me   \so sad, to see, \you fade, from me   "
"i have a very sore throat today    ugh \looking forward to my son's school tonight   yay for gavin!\not looking forward to the other parts of tonight   \i really need to get back into the swing of going to class, assignments, and so on \today is probably going to be one of the hardest days in my life   "
moving away tomorrow   
"i'm going to miss you most of all, <propmale>    i will always, always, always love you    crying "
"i    don't even know what to say    i thought it would be hard, but leaving <propmale>    that shattered my heart     i'm surprised i didn't wreck, as i couldn't see"
they're fuckin' in my car   ~ <propfemale>?
i just want this weekend over already   
"even on labor day, fucking monday blows   "
"i wish things weren't the way they are     i wish that i could stop dreaming, because the emotions in dreams are way way way, worse then in real life   "
"25 megs and 3 hours of video chat    today, was a good day    tomorrow my son starts preschool    tomorrow, will be an even better day    congrats <propmale>, i am so proud of you!"
"it's been a veird day, ya?"
"thanks mc <propfirst>, now i want to listen to the suicide sonata   "
"140 to 116, i win!!"
it's utterly amazing how many people can be mad at you for doing what you need to do to make yourself a better person and happier with those around you 
"this weekend, just \does not compute\"" at all   """
i just had the worse nightmare i've had in years   
"how can one love someone, and be happy with them, only to turn around in less than twenty four hours, and tell them they don't love you like you love them? then why think out the options of our lives together? why be happy in love with me and consider everything you want to consider- then turn around in less than a day, and say- the way you love me, i love him? and yet you were happy with me   "
hello october    i have missed you 
"i am happy again, cause i is    thank you everyone who let me vent, and was kind  i am in a good mood again    and did i mention i love octobers!!  special thanks to <propfirst> <propmale>, our discussion earlier allowed me to use the advice dispensed to me by <propfemale> <propfirst> moore, thank you both!!!  my two best friends and best council i could ask for!!"
yeah- but then this happened     sad 
"as much as i would like, i would like to take a step back, and just listen with my eyes, and watch with my ears    and yes i did say that right   i just wish    i just wish that i could talk to you again   like we used to before all this bull shit   baby steps and a delicate touch with a slight finesse, and maybe    a fresh start   just need to stop and smell the music   "
tired
laundry    yay me   
good night
fffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
"i like you, but seriously, what  the  fuck?!"
"writing a letter    starts: dear <propfemale>,  hey   how are you? -- that's all i got    i can't even write a frakking letter    i used to crack out 20 <propfemale> letters like nothing, now i can't even write one    ugh!?"
"hey, you, the one who watches- i am going to start calling you the watcher \anyways, watcher- i know you watch this <propfemale>, and i know you watch my blog   are you trying to see when i finally decide to stop caring?  good luck   you'll be waiting a while, <propfemale> chérie    a really long while "
oklahoma can't come soon enough <propmale>    seriously    ugh!
on my way to work    i have a very upset stomach    ugh   
"<propfemale> <propfirst> moore, i wish i could be there   but i wanted to say again, congratulations to you and your new husband, <propmale>   may your marriage be filled with blessings and happiness   i love you, boo   have fun in jamaica "
if you only knew what i would do   
so    everything was a lie    the disbelief is slowly dawning    wow- do i feel like a real idiot   
   
"the advice given to me is invaluable, however, its going to be very very hard to not talk to people i like talking to    ugh  "
i agree with rebel <propfemale> <propmale> ?? - i'm effin' done
"dood- seriously, wtf???"
"in two days    i will leave ne    in eight days    i will leave again    when i get back from ohio, i really hope this shit is over    otherwise, i am going to have to use alternative measures   "
"annoyed, sleeping at <propmale>'s because your new dryer takes forever    and thanks to someone for making my night, you really rock!"
"so, what did i win?  an awesome new friend, a visit with <propmale>'s mum, a visit with <propmale>, an extra hour of work?  all the above?  i am thinking hells yeah!  today is awesome, so far!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"oh i should not have said anything    my car diedid, ugh    now what the fuck am i gonna do, ugh!"
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu    
"in oklahoma, you don't take the road, the road takes you!!"
"with a <propfemale> coke in hand, waiting for pizza    tonight was great, and then a stupid song came on at mazzios    fucking song   "
i want to go to bed        i are tired as hell   
"i just want to go to bed tonight    it's evident that happiness is going to be illusive for me, so why bother with it     annoyed "
"half way to nebraska, about to take over the wheel   k-town eta midnight     i will be demon-speedin"
"correction    were already here in k-town, and its only 1130p    that's what i call demon speedin!!"
"shower, pack, gordy, gi, charter, w union, bank, regis, omaha, dinner, alexs', zzzz, taxi ride, omaha, check in, flight, o'hare, <propmale>, picked up, ride through cuyahoga falls, to akron    all by 8pm est tomorrow     i've got a lot of stuff to do    a lot of stuff   "
"am really looking forward to getting on the plane    special thanks to <propfirst> lutz & <propfirst> mullen, for putting me up for the night    and also to <propmale> mülayim clinard for driving my ass to omaha   hopefully all goes well, in ohio   "
"i'm leaving, on a jet plane    don't know when i'll be back again   "
"my stomach is doing jumping jacks   ugh, now boarding   "
made it safe and sound to chicago o'hare- i havent been here for almost 20 years!!
"i need nosh    hungry, and i heard there is a mcds    now where the hell   ?"
"ok, made it to ohio just fine   "
"i love anon questions on tumblr    even if i do know who its from, my answer will be posted shortly "
"what to do, what to do   "
i am sorry   annoyed 
i am really really sorry   
can i rip <propfirst> winkle the next few years?
my head feels like it's gonna esplode    owwww    
bring it on    i can't fucking wait 
"oh joy, i love coming back to a blast furnace for an apartment!"
"i am so fucking glad to be back from ohio   not that the time spent with my sister's family wasn't nice   no i am glad all of this shit from two months ago came to it's inevitable conclusion   now, as i said- if it continues    i will wage jihad on a couple of people from cuyahoga falls    you know who you are, and you have been warned "
i am looking forward to tomorrow     laugh 
"shower, shave, laundry, walk    ugh, this is going to be a fun afternoon   "
why is it so hard to find a car    ugh!!
"reason #7251 why i hate people: you list your car with no price @ less than 500    then ask 1500   no wonder you still have it, asshole   "
"i think i am going to fail friday's health inspection    why?  because i still haven't unpacked since i've moved here    like by doing so, hits home that i moved out   "
yayayayayayaaaa!
"wow, is my life turning for the better     laugh "
"i really have missed you, i didn't think that was possible    wow, just wow    funny i still know how you think, what you imply, well about 99%- but that other 1%, we can work on    good night     laugh "
it's been a good halloween!
"remember that part in braveheart where they are getting charged by the brits on horse back    'hold' ever closer    'hoooolllldddd' still closer    'hhooooooollllllldddddd' so close now    \\yeah- i hate holds   just thought i might point that out    i can't register til tomorrow- i have to work   ugh!!  fucking holds   "
sleep    needs it    ugh
"nubs you sick fucker, now i have what you do    goddammit"
"so all classes are registered, but the one i really want to take- but i can sign up for that today or tomorrow   i got all holds lifted and met with the instructor to get in the class i want   yay?  i can't wait for spring    one month, one week    let's do this shit right this time!"
all signed up for spring 
nothing like spilling hot chocolate all over your self to wake the fuck up!! lol  laugh 
"i'm going through withdraws, after class tomorrow i'm rehooking up computer    can't come soon enough   "
classes have gone well today so far   
"even though i shouldn't give a shit, why does this still eat at me?  i'm supposed to not give a fuck, yet it's eating me alive   "
work    here we go   
my phone dieded     sad 
can i go home yet?
i'm wondering why the fuck i'm even in this class tonight   
is so going to hell   lol   
is sitting in church service for the first time since 1998   my son will be singing soon  laugh 
wow- today's pisces horoscope is dead on
"i love it, when <propfemale> finally runs people down that hurt me    it reminds me that the universe is as it should be, and the universe is balanced, fair, and just   time is the only factor i should worry about   "
"all that left is to hook up the systems, and organize my books, games, and movies    this could be a while    oh, and a couple of little tasks too: laundry to put away, dishes to wash, trash out, boxes destroyed- and ill finally have an apartment   lol  laugh "
"do you ever wonder if the person writing the horoscopes, is creepin on your life    good god they've been spot on this week   "
amazing how many people from my distant past have came strolling back through my life    make me curious who is next   
"now here is a question, how the hell am i in love with someone that i obviously hate?  how the fuck does that make any sense?  does it to any of you?"
death is just a normal part of life    people need to die   let me help you 
*smack* for being a dumb ass   
owww
finally!!!
thank you <propmale> <propmale>
and thus the hunt begins   
"surprised i topped <propfemale>, by one on the book list   "
"if i'm self destructive, does that make you self destroyed?"
i'm confuzzled    i'm tired    and i'm hot   
-jitter jitter-
"it's after 4 am, and i am still awake    alright then, back to misfits "
"just found out the best news, i still have my financial aid for the spring!  laugh "
"thank you <propfemale> & <propmale>, they were very thoughtful gifts"
"happy christmas to all, and to all good night"
seriously sick of stupid shit 
"it's so nice our starter is an herbivore, at least cgreen can throw the fucking ball         just dismayed by the last few games of the huskers     sad "
"<propmale> has strep & influenza a    ugh, this sucks arse!  get well soon little one, i love you "
"first time home since saturday, and all i want is to shower   "
i don't believe this crap    how is it i still have not received my financial aid yet?
fuck you financial aid office   
"let the spring semester, commence "
i gots my shinies!! yeay!!!
i have four loko    i can't wait to try it  smile 
"wow, am i sleepy    i am going to bed   "
so much for bed   
roaming sams club with <propmale>     laugh 
"yay, more snow    again   sad "
night night
there is no spoon   
"class, present   attend, task completed   homework, not completed    work in progess?  one hopes   "
at least i am hete
"at least i am here, even     playful "
"lucky, is i"
yay!  concert in february- something else to look forward to in february!  laugh 
"i got hypnotized, lol @ @"
"taco <propfemale> with <propmale>, then off to preschool  smile "
phone tag with the older sister    sounds like fun  playful 
"four loko and incepton, let's find out how awesome a mind fuck film can be, if your mind is already fucked    :$"
school visit in about an hour    bring it on 
"haircut is done, but now i need to find an eye doctor tomorrow in grand island   yeh?"
"off to get new glasses and spend the day with <propfemale> and <propmale>,  laugh "
not as far behind as i thought   
"saw an 11\ macbook air today    wow   just    wow   i'm wanting one """
found what i want for my birthday     laugh 
"new glasses, new shoes, and a great weekend with my family   sans grandma man's service    all in all a great weekend  laugh "
what kind of creep steals a bible?? o o
it's so freakin' cold out    ugh   it's so cold the computer lab and the rest of the union feels like an ice box     it's so cold my eyes felt that they would freeze shut walking from the fab     it's so cold it feels 30 below    the high today?  3   when i woke up this morning at 10am it was a balmy -3   woot    tomorrow is supposed to be worse 
"spent almost $120 on food at walmart today- should last me the rest of the semester  playful   for my next trick, i will be at the library working on my papers for tomorrow til about 11 smile 0pm, in which i will print off all of what i have done   here's hoping i don't get so bored i fall asleep  laugh "
?
? like a boss ?
gi for the weekend? hell yes?
"at the monster trucks, pretty good seats with <propmale> & <propfemale>, gonna be a freakin great night!!  laugh "
"so its official, i'm going to a7x, stonesour, and hollywood undead with <propmale> & rebel  laugh "
"go commercials!!  i don't care for either team    although i will root for whatever team is behind the other, the underdog is the steelers (surprised)"
missing: warranty for beats tour    reward: tearing up my apartment trying to find said warranty     results: pending  still missing  response: fuuuuuu
"ok- over 400 dollar pair of glasses, i've owned for roughly ten days- already have a small crack in one of the lenses- what the hell lens crafters!!"
"thank you mother nature, for making me remember that i forgot my coat     crying "
the game   you just lost it     playful 
these beats sound better than my old beats    just overall they seem much better than my old ones     laugh 
nothing can ever be done exactly as everyone wants    can it?
currently wired    yahoooooooo!!!
"so    yeah, my paper is no where near even remotely completed   and it's due in seven minutes    looks like i am gonna have to work on it tonight    then email it to the professor tomorrow "
"freaked out over nothing, no one had their eight <propfemale> paper typed for today    i skipped out for nothing   "
wonder if i should apply to be <propfirst>   
   
"how can you be called a steak house, and you have no steak    not eating there ever again    enjoy that three dollar tip, it'll be the last one you ever get from me "
finally!!
waiting sucks 
it shipped!!! yay!!!
"shower then off to to the library, til class    yip per -sarcasm-"
tomorrow is gonna rape face!
it's here!!!
"everything is falling into place, now i need to get caught up on my homework, and get a yob   "
"here's a first, not for the faint of heart:  i was über early today for class    i know shocking right?"
the one class i am actually not behind in: te 100   what the hell   
heading to gi    gonna be a great night  laugh 
"what to do, what to do   "
"just completed my first weeks assignment for my english 217 class    i don't know why that was so hard the last few weeks to write anything, but i think my writer's block is broken    good thing "
"who in their right mind would pay a whole month's rent, for only a week of stay??  if you are required to vacate the premises, a week into the month- i think it's safe to say you're going to only need to pay for the week, not the entire fucking month    fuck that shit- i will move out the end of the previous month and give them my fucking keys   "
"the new macbook pro's came out today, and i am going to stick with my air "
73 or 37    ouch 
tonight i may have decided a <propmale>  
"scholarship fun tomorrow    8-10 <propfemale>s    that has to be done tomorrow    working on my paper right now that was due today    yay- when i get to the library tomorrow i need to do the scholarship stuff first, then the rest of my paper (siting sources, in paper and the works sited <propfemale>)"
compromise accepted 
"so you call me, and tell me that i 'have' to ride with you   that i 'have' to do this   and that 'i' am the 'ass' because i said 'i don't have to, thank you ' where 'thank you' is me being an 'ass'   um, when you tell me i have to do something- i will tell you to fuck off   i know what i need to do, i don't have to deal with you- so once again- fuck off "
6 of 9 pages worth of poems    this scholarship is a pain to apply for 
"scholarship completed, next up    pizza   laugh "
"i hate people today   there, are you happy i said it?  i was fine, and content then i get accused of being something i am not- you ruined my perfectly good mood- and assume that i shouldn't be upset with you because of it?  that is fucked up   do me a favor: leave me alone   "
"installed os x lion last night and already two things pop out that piss me off, one: power pc apps are no longer supported- such as diablo ii   and two- scrolling is backwards from snow leopard    it's weird scrolling up to scroll down   also steam freezes- so t(\ t) to apple    i hope they fix it """
"dropping lion, going back to snow leopard   "
"i am happy with my birthday today- i got a lot of happy birthdays, and ribs, and hanging out with <propmale>  laugh , i got a spider-man bobble head and a <propfirst> skellington key chain from <propmale>, and i got my sony dash from <propfemale>  laugh    i bought a shirt for st  <propfirst>'s day, and a pandora sub   all in all a great day  smile "
you yabba dabba bitch!!
fuck yeah cheddar biscuits!!
"red lobster with <propmale> & gordy, ftw!  thanks guys"
fuck you facebook!!
"shoot, i hope it's not too late to change that    so i still qualify  smile "
my first parent-teacher conference today    i'm not ready for <propmale> to be this old yet     crying   btw kissed by lightning is not a bad movie   
not as far behind as i originally thought    and that is a good thing 
talked to my dad today for a couple of hours    good times   good times 
"for extra brutality, try adding a beatdown section "
"yeah 15\ of snow by wednesday    fucking lame!"""
i am roasting alive in the library    i think i am going to head home to roast alive there    after i make my bed   
"someone is smart, they finally    and i do mean this: finally, scheduled japanese right   after lunch   this fall   all my classes in the afternoon?  i am thinking yeah!"
pineapple pepperoni
to specific people who witnessed or e playful erienced my fury yesterday    sorry 
"wow- after this semester, my general studies section of my degree is complete    i am surprised "
as if school wasn't stressful enough   
"rain rain go away, that's what all my haters say"
awesome    found out today i have a minor in women's studies 
"wow    after this semester, i am officially a senior   wtf   "
"may have 17 cr next semester    ugh    i have to find out if i can take a class without it's pre req   like having to get special permission, i find this out on wednesday afternoon, the same time i find out the class sched, because it's not scheduled in myblue or the sched book for this fall    yay - -\"",2011-03-14 21:41:42""",44608244e88eeb6296a85007147f66d4,ever been hit from left field with a --- what the fuck was that?
sorry overland   i fuggered up   have a great spring break 
"what are y'alls doin for spring break?  i am working on english (100 217) & te 100 papers    spending time with <propmale> and <propfemale>, and possibly seeing a surprise visitor   "
so the home work begins   
"dubstep and a 3-4 <propfemale> paper, once completed, i am done with my homework i assigned myself today   english 217 scratched off completed, two classes left to get caught up   better start working on it    ><"
two classes caught up!!
that sucks    found out i have an assignment from two weeks ago    so two assignments instead of one to be caught up in my te100 class    then off to english 102 for pretty much the rest of the week     playful 
"lunch at taco <propfemale> with <propmale>, then off to school  laugh "
"working on this essay for english 102, sucks    but a necessary evil that will be done today before i go to bed "
"is tired, grumpy, and irritated   leave me alone and let me fucking sleep "
papers effin blow   
"18,492 good number  laugh "
"my fucking luck, victim of a hit & run- and the douche left their licence plate in my boot trunk- assholes > sad "
that would be hella nice     they found the bastard that pulled a hit and run on my taurus   my car's frame is fucked   my car is more than likely totaled   i don't have to worry about a car until august   so chaching?  i think yes 
"so got caught up in all but one of my classes, spent all my time off with my son and fiance, picked up my brother from the airport (whose on leave from afghanistan), packed up all my books and dvds, went through and threw away all my magazines- except those i had to keep, and had my taurus destroyed by a drunk driver   what did you do on spring break?"
"well, that's good to hear   now i just need to get it done "
"a-, a, d, and ?  all i need to do is complete those assignments, and i have respectable grades this semester   the d don't worry about- once regis and i do our group presentation and the final test is graded, i have a feeling at least a b if not an a will be in order   "
heading back to kearney later tonight   
"<propfemale> is pregnant again, here's hoping for a baby girl  laugh "
just bought an iphone 4 from verizon  laugh 
"today was april fools' day   as such, i don't head back to kearney til sunday, i don't have an iphone 4, and as far as we know- no, <propfemale> is not pregnant "
"today is going to top off a great weekend, family lunch, possibly looking at a house, steak with friends, then watching wrestlemania!  gonna be a good sunday  laugh "
