f75260c7ea7c13eef389d0f1413db5f0
happy 4th all!
<propmale> potter didn't disappoint   i'd have sat through a few more hours of it lol
nickelback + papa roach = a rush of rock to the head   
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"no one will ever know or care about the real you if you don't know who you are and what you want  accept yourself  love yourself  change what you don't like about yourself  because at the end of the day, if you want someone to love you, you need to love yourself first  how's that for a new year's resolution?"
<propfemale>
just saw <propfirst> <propfirst> in outback   
how many drinks   ?
not enough 
still 
not good enough     
truth or dare?
is home   
"asks: if you could write a letter to yourself at 16, what would you write?"
sleep is overrated   
my poor car   
"\death is the road to awe   \"""""
is working like a slave   
"ok, now to kill time until 11   "
is ready for round 2 
the difference between bravery and stupidity is purpose; the difference between genius and insanity is undeniable evidence 
runs on dunkin
evo 4g = happiness
coffee   *zombie groan*
might pass out
say it ain't snow!?
i give up  i really do 
what's with all the <propfirst>?
"overnights are so boring, and it's like 90 degrees in here  quick! someone get me some four lokos   cold ones "
what i want and what i need are out of reach for me   
"good night, <propfemale>"
"this poor lady begs my cab driver to jump her car  she's got 3 kids  the driver asks me if its okay, and i say yes  then this ballsy cab driver looks at the woman and says \15 dollars!\"""""
"it's all wrong, isn't it?"
"\bevins    life is hard \"""""
migraine day is a very dangerous day 
"censoring myself is pointless, ineffective, detrimental and quite frankly tiring  time to piss some people off "
"holy adventures, batman!"
"this dream level is getting too real, no totem to help me out  i need a kick stat"
"fear can crush your soul, if you let it "
bah humbug
a billion walls for me to climb   
mmmm   tastes like home 
is feeling nostalgic
hoping i get home before the blizzard   
"snow so high the cars can't move, and since we live on a dead end street no one has paved our road  we are quite literally snowed in  had to climb out the bedroom window because there was so much snow the door wouldn't open  sorry, boss lol"
wide awake  can't sleep  work in the morning   
running on 1 hour sleep is easier than it looks 
i can do anything 
"\there's no need for a plan b cause it distracts you from plan a \"""""
time to nut up or shut up 
what's the magic word? overtime 
absolutely amazing 
"it's hard to be the person you want to be, rather than the person you are   "
"so i know i'm late with this zodiac thing but apparently i'm no longer a sagittarius, and that saddens me  this 'ophiuchus' better be a good thing, or i'm gonna be pissed "
"either you're intentionally being an ass or you're just really incompetent  try to make a firm decision one way or the other so i can take the proper course of action, or at least take the time to run your pathetic little schemes by someone with half a brain before you attempt to screw me over  you're not fooling anyone, and you're not accomplishing anything  but keep pushing me, and i'll push back "
"respect is not something deserved or claimed; it is only to be earned or lost  respect that hasn't been earned is easily lost, but respect that has been lost is made all the harder to earn back "
hit the bottle like you mean it   
aaaand he's here  damn  let's try a new strategy  surprise 
it's poll time! air force or navy?
some people are gonna be real pissed off if they make me a dispatcher  are you ready? our supervisor is already asking if i want to cover the position  hell yes  be very afraid 
"jesus, this kid is way to grown up for 10 years  cook away, <propfemale>!"
teaching my dad to play ps3 might be the most entertaining thing i've ever done lol
"<propmale> hardy as bane  <propfemale> hathaway as catwoman  and now <propfirst> gordon-levitt has joined the cast  in 2012, the dark knight will rise!  smile "
"the plan was to drink until the pain over\but what's worse, the pain or the hangover?"
anxiety is deadly  does it really get better?
10 year olds are smarter than you'd think 
got to get my cool back!
"shakespeare said nature broke the mold when first it tried to make you,\but i say molds were fashioned in attempts to recreate you "
all it takes is a visit to my grandparents to remind me where home is 
"when it rains it pours, and i'm drowning"
aaaand power outage #4   
ever had a really good day doing absolutely nothing?
where's the bacardi? yay me  smile 
oh no it's the 15 cents commercial!  smile 
need   medication   
epic and irresponsible 
i want to be on <propfirst> sheen's level   
<propfirst> sheen is bound to the terrestrial dimension? ha! and he calls himself a warlock   
is officially growing his hair out 
"dear rubbernecking assholes,\\i hope you crash and die  wait, that would just summon more of your kind  damn "
wants more 
desires only to be made of stronger stuff 
sooooo high    my shoes are scraping the sky   
is feeling good
"stay thirsty, my friends "
"they're sharing a drink they call loneliness\but it's better than drinking alone"
every station on the radio was reading my mind this morning  smile 
today is my last day shift
the more i write   the more i write   smile 
pour some sugar on me!  surprise 
a man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies 
yeezy taught you too? wtf does he have a class or something?
operation: <propfemale>'s day out is a go  wish me luck 
mission accomplished 
tires   
how many double shifts is too many?
how do you make a great day perfect? just add booze   smile 
deer are creepy creatures 
korean food: check and mate  this list is getting smaller 
"to eat, or not to eat? that is the question "
falling asleep on the drive home    time to blast the rap music & show off my mad skillz b)
"3 days, this migraine has persisted  guess i gotta be a druggie now "
i love it when people hold me hostage in a conversation  it forces me to think up lots of creative ways of saying 'i don't want to talk to you' without being offensive 
"god <propfirst> seagal, what happened to you? you weren't <propfirst> <propfemale> or <propmale> <propfirst> but you were a certifiable badass, once upon a time \\my, how the mighty have fallen "
dark knight feeling   
today was great  joyful 
dinner for breakfast is not as enjoyable as breakfast for dinner 
she pushed the button   
"sometimes, things work out  in the most mind numbingly complex, nail bitingly suspenseful way possible  grrr "
frustrated   
"jeanninism #1, on cool ranch doritos \\\it's christmas! on a chip!\"""""
hello darkness my old friend   i've come to drink with you again   
ugh what day is it? they're all melding into one that's painfully long and familiar 
road trip!
i love traveling  i have to do this more often   
