165fcdc834d2a5fb6662eda3bc046b4e
happy new year! 2011  out with the old and in with the new!
i feel like im missing something  i feel incomplete 
i have spanish class tonight  i hate spanish   sad 
sitting in composition ii right now  i have a feeeling that i am going to really hate this class  and the teachers voice is mildly annoying  oh boy 
gonna go out and have some fun this saturday night  not sure where we are going to go yet but if you would like to join you are more than welcome too!
i love those freecreditreport com commercials  they're just so catchy 
i had some very insightful thoughts today (for once)  looking forward to a big change (hopefully) 
at school  soooo boring   sad 
my birthday is at the end of this month  what present are you gonna get me???
happy  easter 
drain the ocean on national geographic channel + a jumbo sized box of nerds <propfemale> = best 2 hours of my day so far
deadliest catch  smile 
my belly hurts  sad 
is watching <propfemale>  lalalalala lalalalala   
got a haircut with <propfemale> today  i look like <propfirst> jett  i like it   smile 
uploaded pics of the new hair cut so check 'em out!
soooo sleepy  going to bed now  sweet dreams  smile 
just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you 
i want to have my palm read 
eating watermelon  smile 
i want hookah  sad 
i am so tired of trying  i suck at life 
is watching the sandlot 
has slept 2 hours in the last 39 so i'm off to bed now  night  smile 
writing my reseach paper on killer algae due tonight at 6! why do i always procrastinate? stop distracting me facebook 
i think i need anger management and a lot of xanax  gah!
was supposed to work at 9  got to work at 7:40  i fucking hate my life 
pretty little liars is on!
two can keep a secret if one of them is dead 
chilli and cheese french fries with jalepenos  smile  my belly is gona hate me 
is very frustrated that people are so upset over the new immigration law  if they would only read it instead of jumping to conclusions they would see that it doesn't violate any part of the constitution  the law is actually a re-write of a law that was alrady instated in arizona 
"it was only clarified so we as a state are able to enforce the federal laws concerning border control that the current and previous administration did not enforce  illegal immigration is a problem in this state  it has overpopulated arizona, helped in the depletion of natural resources, and aided in the bankruptcy of our state "
"the law is even helpful in that those who are found to be illegal gain amnesty in this state, on average for 7 years, during which time they are given state funding and a work visa and begin the process of legalization  so please tell me, what is so wrong with the law?"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! ok  i'm better now 
needs some rest!
"sis, boom, bah "
is watching serenity 
in the end its not the years in your life that count but the life in those years 
looked up the definition of neurosis  apperently i am the poster child for being neurotic 
pretty sure i aced my final tonight  smile 
i wanna go see that new <propmale> dicaprio and <propfemale> <propfemale> film inception  looks pretty ba 
"what's this? the streets are lined with little creatures laughing, everybody seems so happy, have i possibly gone daffy? what is this? what's this!"
i'm sooooooo hungry  sad 
going to see the last airbender with <propfemale>  smile 
obama was a bad choice for president  filing a lawsuit against arizona because its enforcing federal laws that were being ignored  i call bullshit 
"does anyone know where to get mayhem tickets not online or at the box office? zia, maybe?"
who is going to the mayhem festival this year?
grrrrrr! some people are very reliable and not always in a good way  i guess people really never do really change 
has a crush on travie mccoy  smile 
you've just crossed over to (dundundun) the twilight zone 
needs to make some changes  soon 
skittles + fizzl'd fruits = fizzling vomit enducing <propfemale>  yuck 
its gonna be mayhem today! yeah baby 
is watching just friends  just hilarious   smile 
me hungry! give me cookies! mmmmmmm coooooookies!
kung fu hustle  smile 
sticky-icky-icky  its sooooo humid out  i hate az  can't wait to get out of this state 
"oh, family guy, how i love thee  smile "
life is too hard  can i go back to high school? i liked life so much better then  sad 
i need a new job 
woke up for work   i'm sick   fever   achy muscles   fml  i'm going back to bed 
has the flu  yay 
flu  flu   go away and you don't have to come back another day  uuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh  sad 
"so i'm all for sb1070 but those fanatics on the border pretending to be police   you're not helping the situation, you're just making it worse "
loves the e trade baby commercials   laugh 
fb mobile sucks  gah  technology makes my life so much more difficult 
i love sheets just out of the dryer   bed time!
called out thursday and friday sent home as soon as i get to work today and i have tomorrow and monday off  my check is gonna suck next week 
poor smeagol   
if you have a fb why make it fully private? pointless  now i think i know you but i'll never be sure cuz you're an idiot 
"what a good friend you are, samwise gamgee "
feels a little better today but i'm so ready for bed 
"i wish there was a \dislike\"" button   """
wants a mini giraffe!
is it weird that i have a crush on <propmale> <propmale>?    laugh 
gaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh! i am so over this flu  my fever is back  just my luck  called out of work again for tomorrow  i hate my job but i hope they don't fire me 
so many movies out that i wanna see! i wish i would stop being sick!
is upset that they blocked part of sb1070 but now that several other states are trying to pass similar laws it may eventually change  on to the appeals court!
hasn't been swimming once this summer :[
ugh  i'm off to bed now  gotta be up at 6 am  i hate my life right now  i still haven't done my sociology homework for tomorrow  guess its gonna be a busy day 
fml 
happy birthday <propmale> potter! hahaha 
so i went to the hospital tonight  i have a uti  gave me antibiotics and vicodin  also my potassium was really low again  got more tests for that  woohoo 
"definitely, maybe "
i wish i was a conman 
got bit by a cat at work  i fucking hate my life 
why does your nose run and your feet smell? hmmm   
american history x = great movie  love 
ready for some sleep! zzzzzzzzzzzzzz   
had an awesome time with the guys last night  can't wait to do it again!
sooooooooo tired   sad 
its raining and the sun is shining  only in az 
smokin' some hookah yeaaaaaaaah boy 
is confused but don't ask why cuz i'm not sure   annoyed 
there is something i've never uttered aloud  i feel like now is my only <propmale> to share it but i know in my heart what i want to happen never will   sad 
sometimes i wish i could just stop thinking  gah!
"watched grown ups last night  gotta say, it was pretty hilarious   smile "
i think i wanna go out drinking and dancing this weekend  hmmm   
i think i need another drink 
"finished writting and typing my paper: check\finished my yummy drink: check\going to sleep: check\\goodnight "
i really hate my job  sad 
i'm so f*ing done  goodnight 
today is a weird day   
shut yo face 
feels very emotional today  weird 
mmmm   hot wings are yummy 
had a pretty awesome night last night smokin hookah and chillin with the guys  smile  i'm glad guys are drama free  (usually)
i was in a good mood  sad  upside? i may be getting the samsung galaxy soon yayuh 
havin' a drink  smile 
is watching blade: <propfemale>  <propfirst> reynolds = yummy  yeah  baby 
<propfirst> reynolds is hot even when he's getting his ass kicked   smile 
off to bed cuz i gotta work tomorrow   sad  goodnight all 
needs a nap 
feels hollow 
malibu is yummy goodness in my tummy  2 down and i'm not sure how many to go  i'll let you know when i get there!
"don't you know that when you touch me baby that it's torture \brush up against me i get chills all down my spine \when you talk to me it's painful \you don't know what you do to this heart of mine "
teach me how <propfemale> dougie teach me teach me how <propfemale> dougie   
as i walk through the valley of the shadow of death i take a look at myself and realize there's nothing left   
needs to relax and just go with the flow  hahaha yeah  riiiight 
is defective 
sociology mid-term tonight   vomit 
"dear life, fuck you too   love  <propfemale>"
lucky charms  smile 
"i think it is my bed time  sleeping in tomorrow, ya-yuh  nighty night "
i don't understand why people are so upset over the mosque being built near ground zero 
uuuuuuuuuggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!
fifth element
ooga booga!
did you know a female kangaroo has 3 vaginas? i didn't  thank you national geographic 
"well, kiddies, i'm off to bed now   smile "
power went out in the whole neighborhood for some reason  wtf? finally back on 
name something you find in a bathroom  answer: a razor blade and a note   smile 
pride and prejudice  love 
unbreakable 
why do i waste my breath? i think its time to breakaway and spend some time away from the world 
goodnight facebook world 
ugh!
had an awesome night last night even though i was a little more drunk than i would have liked  haha denessa was trashed  great times 
outside playing in the rain at work  awesome!
looking forward to the rest of my night  smile 
goodnight my facebook peeps   love 
staind  love 
trying to clean house but i keep getting distracted  ooooh what's that! shiny   sad 
there's a skeeter on my <propfirst> whack it off! haha 
i give up  the  end 
so unmotivated  i just wanna lay in bed all day 
well   i suppose i should finish cleaning   hmph   
"have to sit through criminal law class tonight   ugh  i just wanna go home, crawl into bed and never leave it again  fml "
i wanna go drinking tonight  who's down?
white collar  love   i think i have a new favorite show 
going shooting tomorrow  testing out some new guns  watch out!
goodnight  love 
"going shooting  if i don't come back, its probably because i \accidentally\"" shot someone    laugh """
off to bed  goodnight all  love 
so sleepy  sad 
ugh  i don't wanna work in the morning   sad  goodnight 
ugh! i can't take anymore  good fucking night  and fuck tomorrow too  gah 
wants to see easy a  smile 
kick ass rocks my socks 
sleepy hollow  love 
please don't eat the daisies 
ugh 
ugh my phone is on thr <propmale>  if you text and i don't text back its probably because my phone is smashed into bits  grrr 
"zombieland, oh, how i love thee   love "
so my phone is officially kaput until futher notice  sad  so if ya need to talk to me please send me a message on here!
fun party last night  i love dressing up!
"however long the night, the <propfemale> will break and no one really cares if you're miserable so you may as well be happy  just sayin' "
sublime  love 
just a few more days until i move! can't wait 
"at age 4 we think: mom knows everything  at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom\doesn't really know everything  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16: mom doesn't exist  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this  at 35: before we decide let's ask mom  at 45: i   wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75:i wish i could ask mom about this  post this if you have had the best mom in the world!"
"just a few more days! i can't wait, i'm so excited "
is moving today and tomorrow! yay!
moved into the new apartment mostly and now i'm unpacking  this is my favorite part!  laugh 
"children with a disability are not sick or gross  they only want what we all \want, to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour  it is special education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique    way "
is happy today  smile 
"things are not so black and white when the walls are spattered with blood, are they?  annoyed "
just watched the movie pirate radio and it was pretty awesome  smile 
marley & me is not a comedy direct tv!  sad 
"what is this \number game\"" that won't go away?"""
i have a new guinea pig! she so sweet and cute  name ideas? i was think <propfemale> but i'm not sure 
i fucking hate inconsiderate people  ugh!
is watching zac efron on the tv  <propfemale> christmas to me wink 
last day of 2010 thank god its almost over!
the reason for time is so everything does not happen at once  - <propfirst> einstein
"sometimes, i wish people would just leave me the fuck alone  gah "
"xanax, you are my only friend today   i'm so glad i can depend on you  you make me feel so much better   smile "
people  are  dumb  that is all 
smokin hookah  yum yum   smile 
signs  i forgot how much i liked this movie 
my guinea pig died!  sad  rip dizzy bobbles  she lived a good guinea pig life 
first day of a new semester   i don't wanna go!  sad 
sooooooo sleepy   g'night facebook world!
has two albino guinea pigs now 
had a revelation today and is ready for some big changes and to stop overthinking things   smile 
"watch me unravel, i'll soon be naked, lying on the floor, i've come undone "
gotta get ready for <propfirst>'s wedding! wish you and <propfemale> a happy and healthy life together cousin   smile 
"i'm not happy, i'm feeling glad  i got sunshine in a bag  i'm useless but not for long, my future is comin on   "
"i don't know what you heard about me but a bitch can't get a dolla outta me  no cadillac, no perms, you can't see that i'm a motherfuckin p-i-m-p "
"i fricken love the song grenade by <propmale> mars  to me, that's what real love should be  that's what i'm waiting for   (;"
damn you knox!
"this game may as well be over cuz clearly, the bears are done "
"shameful  the entire game, just   ugh "
down with the jets! go steelers!
way to go steelers! kick some jets ass!
steelers dominated the jets yeah baby!
finish cleaning now? nah  think i will leave that for tomorrow  smile 
goodnight  smile 
"i don't wanna and you can't make me! childish? yeah, well, we all have our moments so shut up  smile "
well i'm bored now   guess i will go back to sleep  maybe iit will be for longer than two hours this time o o
"well, that was a bust  as soon as my head hit the pillow i'm wide awake again  damn  i just wanna sleep! oh well  such is life, right?"
ugh   why is it everyone either has their phone service shut off or a broken phone? you guys suck 
drank a redline  now i have lots of energy with no outlet  it may get destructive   lol 
"girl drop it to the floor i love the way your booty go, all i wanna do it sit back and watch you move and i'll proceed to throw that cash "
"i love bein so fresh n so clean, clean!  smile "
"so apperently only about 5% of people worldwide dream in color  i dream in color all the time  i would like to know what people they ask for these \statistics\""?"""
work all day tomorrow then right after i gotta head to school and try and sit through 4 hours of math  ugh! i so hate tuesdays   
nighty night  smile 
work   school  i feel like everyday is the same  grrrr 
is wearing mismatched socks today  smile 
"so today officially sucks big hairy monkey balls  oh well  such is life, right?"
"i need a drink  malibu and orange juice? yes, please   heavy on the bu   smile "
wants to see i am number four 
my name is mud 
"had a good nights sleep last night, work today has been fun and i don't have class tonight  i hope the rest of my day just gets better  wink "
makin bank on taxes this year! hells to the yeah!  laugh 
lol  went and saw no strings attached tonight with <propfirst>  it was so funny  my cheeks hurt from laughing!  smile   smile   smile 
"well, i'm gonna head to bed   had a pretty awesome day and night  best i've had in a while lol  i hope tomorrow is just as good!"
didn't fall asleep til almost 5 am and then i was up at 8  only 3 hours of sleep but i'm in a good mood  weird  it probably won't last lol  off to work soon   
"so i thought i had to work at 10 today but then right before i'm about to leave   i remember, i close thursdays now! now i don't have to go in til 3  fuck yes "
"this is your chance   it won't last long  you better take it now or always wonder, what could have been? whatever you fear, don't let it stop you "
know me without fear  trust me without wondering  love me without restrictions  want me without demand  accept me for who i am!
your heart won't heal right if you keep tearing out the sutures 
rawr 
hurt my ankle on the way to work tooday   sad 
i'm not a damn mind reader so if you have something you need to say to me just fucking say it otherwise i'm gonna go on with my life  ugh 
is not feeling so hot  i better not be getting sick  annoyed 
time for bed!
doesn't like to share  what's mine is mine and you can't have it  hands  off 
"is in another good mood today  man i'm liking this  just happy to be alive, ya know?"
my tummy hurts  sad 
oooh i love me some social d  smile 
whew! i think i finally got my phone to stay on for more than 3 seconds! i was very irritated lol  today didn't go as e playful ected   sad  sorry @<propfirst> rodriguez!
oh geez here comes <propfirst>'s day   not my favorite day lol  maybe this year will be better than the last couple hahaha 
just got sleepy  zzzzzz 
goodnight world 
"ugh so sore today and i don't know why   oh well good morning you  yes, you!"
sliced my thumb cutting an apple  it really hurts  sad  lol
watching hancock 
"holy cold wind outside, batman!"
time for bed   so sleepyyyy   
work is soooo slow today  one phone call and one standard poodle to groom today  only three hours left   ugh
fuck yes! i am so happy! that made my month!
tomorrow: new phone  goodnight!
got my new phone  its awesome!
time for bed  im so tired  goodni   zzzzzz
ugh  time to start my day   
class in a bit then going to a fresh n funky party tonight with april gallegos 
"had a blast tonight got to <propfemale> with an old friend and make some new ones! im enjoyed my night, thanks \april   smile "
watching the blind side 
ugh   go to a party or watch the game at home?
go steelers!!!
that halftime show was   something else 
touchdown steelers!
disappointed 
why did i watch paranormal activity before bed? someone save me! lol 
"can you keep a secret? cuz the best little secrets are kept and you're my best little secret, yet   wink "
at the salon getting my hair did 
ugh i feel like crap today  i think i'm getting sick again   sad 
ugh   my tummy hurts  sad 
i feel like drinking tonight!
had a good night n got to catch up with some friends i haven't seen in a minute   smile 
its way past my bedtime but i'm not sleepy   
"i know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but <propfemale> a little bit closer, see roses really smell like poo-po surprise o  yeah roses really smell like poo-po surprise o "
omg i just literally fell on the floor laughing so hard oh you made my day thank you bj 
man i was having such a good dream! stupid alarm   annoyed 
ugh i don't wanna work today   
somebody come burn my petsmart down so i can leave this place!  annoyed 
i  love  you slacker radio  you're so much better than pandora   smile 
you turn my mind to mush and you don't even know it   smile 
walked to work today in the rain and it was nice  walking home in the rain   not so much!  sad 
99 apples tastes just like a jolly rancher  mmmm 
"at long last, sleep, you have finally arrived   good night  smile "
on my way to the casino gonna get crunked!
gettin my drunk text on!  smile 
"i dunno why i'm watching this movie, it always makes me cry   a walk to remember i hate your guts!"
ready to go home   ugh
psych  smile 
my apartments are on fire! oh geez 
today has been very eventful and its only 4 smile 0  i hate today! it needs to die 
uuuuuuuuuuggggggggggghhhhhhhhh! i really hate this day  i need to break something!
"breakfast burrito, i  love  you "
do i have to go to work tomorrow? someone please take care of me n pay all my bills  smile 
"make sure ya frisk me good, check my panties n my bra  i'm a rockstar "
"falling asleep, no problem  staying asleep, apparently impossible  sleep, why do you hate me? i can't function properly on 2 hours of sleep!"
i wanna new tattoo!
staind  love 
its so nice outside tonight! taking my time walking home   smile 
"i work tomorrow morning but feel like going out tonight  hmmmm, what to do, what to do?"
i left my damn phone charger at work! i suck at life   surprise (
   isn't sure whether to speed up or slow down   
"\you've got a gun  i've got a gun  lets write a tragic ending \"" - ffdp"""
sleeeeeeeeeeeep! at last  goodnight  surprise )
the thing about love is that you're always at its mercy   
workin a double today but so far its been a good day   surprise ) only 6 hours to go   
know what bugs me? when people don't respond to texts! ugh  lol 
"oh man, last night was awesome  surprise ) just so tired today and i still have to go into work  oh well  you only live once, right? haha unless you're me!"
"<propmale> mars, you speak to my heart  love  love  love "
"had an a-ma-zing weekend! now, off to work   (o:"
off work a little early  surprise ) but i can't sleep yet  surprise ( too much to do still!
need   sleep   need   sleep    
oh geez today is gonna be such a looooooong day  working a double on st  <propfirst>'s day  lucky me  lol 
party at my place saturday  hit me up for deets if you wanna come   surprise )
its so nice out right now  i'm enjoying my walk home 
mmmmm 99 apples  so tasty  feelin good   smile 
munchin on somes brownies   lol  special ones 
party tonight 6236286396 hit me up if you're down ;o)
had a blast last night   surprise )
mmmm i wanna do last night over again  surprise p great times 
vacation time!  surprise )  love  love 
awake already!? this is supposed to be my vacation shouldn't i be able to sleep in?  sad 
   can it be like 9 o'clock already?
thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday  it was a blast!  surprise )  love 
one shot for my pain   one drag for my sorrow   get messed up today   i'll be okay tomorrow   
hes on my mind all the time  smile 
i karate chopped my sister in an elevator because thats how i roll!
