1f66303915d651fb164415033d687444
check out my linked yahoo mail below  i wish i knew how to change the name  i't my thoght for the day 
check this out 
i think i overloaded on farmville  my computer keeps freezing up when ever i try to play 
off to <propfemale> island today  be back sunday 
vacations are never long enough  i had too much fun!
"<propfemale> godoy egbert let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word--no more than one word--then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this could be fun! lets see first name or last n      ame, oh well lets go with issy \ s \"" and you are sexy \"" nice\"""""
the entry table 
class in monterey today with one of my bff <propfemale>  makes it worth wild 
"oops, left my camera in las vegas at the aria  returned today without charge  what a great place! pictures to follow "
what a gorgeous day to be off work  suns coming up  first cup of <propfirst> in hand  i think i'll go for a walk on the beach to start the day 
<propfirst> hill mushroom mardi gras is this weekend  sounds yummy! hmmm?
thank you to the nurses that came before me  love you to the nurses i know now  today i pray for the nurses of our future who will care for me when i'm old and grey  happy nurses week !
"i'm leaving for washington dc  convention, rally,  march on capitol, ect    while i'm there i'm going to count how many times i see the words  in god we trust etched in stone at our nations capitol  anyone want to guess #?"
out in <propfemale> picking country today  the trees are bursting with red dots  i love this time of year 
the lake is full and the boats ready for  summer  let the fun begin!
beautiful morning out here on the central coast  i think i'll take a time out to enjoy it 
"off work today  hooray, i get 1 2 a weekend to enjoy!"
feeling fat and forty    ish today  have to shop for a dress  excited about the wedding just not the shopping part  sad 
its a sad night for me  my hero has retired after 35 years  she always beat to her own drum  <propfemale> will be missed by all  enjoy
going to be up in the santacruz mountains for the day 
"swimsuit, check  lake hat, check  boat bag     everyone have a nice memorial weekend and don't forget the sunscreen!"
o k  i'm going to stop procrastinating  study study study test is in the morning  thought i was done with school 18 yrs ago  lol
feet in the sand champagne in hand  leaving for a wedding in newport beach  how romantic   can't wait to get there and see my family!
came home from the wedding in newport beach to find my computer had crashed while i was gone  back up and all cleaned out now 
grand kids are great! they give you an excuse to watch cartoons again  toy story #3
lunch at omakase with a few friends  best sushi chef around  no sake for me today to early in the day 
"ok so today is my birthday and 29 doesn't feel so bad after all  but next year, the big 3-0 now that will be a killer  i know it's a big stretch  if only i didn't have those pesky grandkids to give me away  lol"
thanks to everyone for the birthday well wishings  the day was wounderful 
so ready for this streach of time off work  need the r&r! time to unwined the mind 
i feel like  #?*! and words i cant say   
what to do with all this zucchini? add some flour  a pinch of this and a handful of that  walaa    who wants some zucchini bread?
packing for a trip to celebrate my youngest birthday  can't believe he's going to be 28 yrs old! where has the time gone?
going to the fair today with my youngest and the three lil angels   smile 
my brother and niece are comming up to visit this weekend for a soccer tournament in <propfirst> hill  can't wait to see them! i see lots of sunshine and bbq in my near future and maybe a glass of wine or two 
had a nice weekend at the soccer tournament  <propfemale>'s on a national travel league and is off to <propmale> in 2 weeks  she played well and scored a goal  they lost 2-3 in the last game against last years national champs 
mental note to self    life is to short to spend your time off working 
i'm headed to the state capitol today to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment   womans right to vote  i'ts going to be a great day!
i had a wonderful time in sacramento yesterday  got my mind off all the mud inside of it  just what i needed!
i hate going to the dentist! can think of a million other things i'd rather do on my day off  uhg!
looking forward to seeing family back home next weekend  time to relax and unwind 
"grilled steaks, corn on the cob, ratatoulle, garlic bread and <propfemale> pie is on the menue today at <propfirst>'s house "
"bread and roses\as we go marching marching in the beauty of the day\a million darkened kitchens, a thousand mill lots gray\are touched with all the radiance that a sudden sun discloses\for the people hear us singing: bread & roses, bread & roses!"
"perfect day and weather yesterday at the <propfemale> <propfirst> beach boardwalk  my oldest granddaughter is now riding the \big kid rides \"""""
"having a nice time in oklahoma  the people are friendly,the food is great and the weather has been better than i e playful ected "
just printed my boarding pass to head home  1 day left of vacation then back to work 
"had a great time back home on vacation  morning coffee with my sis, martinis at the boulevard, hanging out with my nephew and reconnecting with an old friend  time flew by too fast "
indian summer out here on the coast  99 degrees and another hot one today!
hmm    what to be for halloween this year?
crap! my day planner is not managing my life very well for october  a munchkin must have jumped in my purse an changed all the dates around  that's my story and i'm sticking to it!
tgif and i'm off work for the weekend  r&r is a wounderful feeling to recharge the batteries 
the giants beat philly last night  way to go! today the 49ers are way pass due for a win so they better kick some raider butt!
way to go giants!
ok giants one more great game today and the world series here we come!
the days r getting shorter and cooler  its a gray day and it's thinking about crying outside  hopefully just a little sniffle of mist and not a down right tantrum with a sloppy down pour   like to see the giants play in halfway decent weather today!
going to see nickleback tonight with the girls  rock on!
nickleback put on a great show last night  glad to be back home in this awesome central coast weather  now its time to watch the giants kick some rangers butt  yeah baby!
muuaahh ha ha ha haaaaa! have a great halloween everyone  my zombie bride costume will have to wait till next year  i woke up sick this morning  boo hoo hoo  sad 
go giants!
"ok   trying to think of positive things about being sick\chicken noodle soup!\sleeping in!\being babied by the hubby    "
could be the last game of the world series tonight! either way its been exciting to watch these two awesome teams play each other  ok so giants go kick some ranger butt!
beautiful day for the giants parade today! 1 2 a million people e playful ected to welcome our team home 
today i am thankful for my friends and family  they are unwaivering in their support and confedence in me when i need it the most 
i'm going to brave the crowds for a few hours this morning  ashlys is having a beat the clock sale and i am going to people watch at the mall 
"pink,blue and purple  what a beautiful sunset out here in the west "
"sometimes cold, sometimes hot beer!"
"work, work, work  is calling me  where is my hot peppermint mocha when i want one?  starbucks here i come "
i feel like i've been run over by a <propmale> truck this morning!  sad    and round 2 here i go back to work 
another beautiful sunrise out here in the west 
o k    so i'm taking a break from preparing for the hearing  i'm listening to my christmas with <propmale> c d  while baking pumpkin cranberry bread  my house smells <propfemale>   good!
"took the munchkins to candycane <propfirst>, decorated sugar cookies and visited the christmas tree farm this weekend  now i could really use some rest! fa la la la la  "
"a batch of <propmale> road, neiman <propmale> squares and gift wrapping is on my list to do today  i've got the old post office line calling my name!"
"time for my \go go juice\""! been realy needing a good boost """
unto the world a child was born 
<propfemale> christmas morning to everyone! have a very special day
time to take down the christmas decorations and get ready for new years guests and celebrations  my oldest son is turning 30 on new years <propfemale>! that makes me how old!???   
another beautiful morning out here on the central coast  gotta take advantage of it while it lasts 
"my mother and her friend <propfemale> are visiting from oklahoma city and i already started in with the twang and the \yalls\"" lol   smile """
getting ready for a trip to kirkwood ready set snow!
up the mountain for some fun in the snow this weekend with the family and friends 
"if yellow roses grow in heaven, lord, pick a bunch for me, place them in my dad's arms and tell him they're from me  tell him that i love and miss him and when he turns to smile, place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile, because remembering him is easy, i do it everyday, but there is an ache within my heart that will never go away  i love and miss you dad    if your dad is in heaven copy and repost this "
has anyone seen my voice? i've lost it and i really miss it  sad   although i'm sure the hubby doesn't mind too much that i've misplaced it for a while   wink 
"a sister is a friend forever  if you have a sister who has made you\laugh, wiped your tears, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong; post this  put this as your status if you have at least one amazing sister"
my husband is the best
keep this central coast weather comming!!!!!!!!
"your son will hold your hand for a little while but will hold your heart for a lifetime  if you have a son or sons who make your life worth living just by being around and if you're proud of him (them), copy this to your status"
"????? ???????????????\? if you have an amazing mom, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? i love you mom"
"three weeks of gorgouse weather and wouldn't you know it, right when my sister is comming to visit on monday its supose to start raining!  sad "
dear f b  friends of faith  please place me on your prayer list for the next week  i need to be well spoken and quick recall of difficult events  i pray the judge will see through the false witnesses 
"remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day    i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !!! we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care if it offends anyone "
"f r i e n d s: (f)ight for you  (r)espect you  (i)nvolve you  (e)ncourage you \( n)eed you  (d)eserve you  (s)ave you  repost this if you have friends like this"
ham beans and cornbread on the menue tonight at renes house 
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too  thank you for your support "
"so, sitting here waiting for the heater guy to show up  suppose to snow to sea level this weekend and my heater went cu-put! idk, never snowed to the ocean sense i've been here 25 + yrs  might have to get cozy infront of the fireplace and hope the pipes don't freeze!  sad "
ok so 5 yr old birthday party my house in less than a month  scooby doo theme humm    what to do? i need help! the girls were easy my grandson not so  
my wireless connection doesn't like this storm 
i sure love my magic bullet! yumyum   
well gotta go for the day  have a baby shower to attend for my dear and crazy friend danell  crazy cause shes having her 5th girl!
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news because he's a spoiled celebrity drug addict loser  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention  honor them by re-posting this status"
i have some new pets  a mating pair of clarky clownfish with a <propfemale> colored bubble tip anemone  now they need some names    
going to be out of town for a few days for a nursing convention 
harm to one is harm to all
hurry someone remind me why i like gardening  i'm feeling like i need to find a new hobbie after digging out my second thorn of the day! and yes i was wearing gloves 
loved american idol takes on motown tonight 
off to san franisco in the poaring rain!  sad 
ok enough of the rain already  i know a 5 year old who has to train his dragon today with help from 19 of his friends at grandma grandpas house! what a fun age for the birthday boy  this is one of those days i wish i picked a bigger house!
spent the day with my grandson  hes so sweet he wanted to bring home a suprise for his sisters 
