a8947b677816cc11616e629f5d2eca7f
"happy new years everybody, feliz ano nuevo!!!!! joyeux bonne ane!!"
"if days are too long, use them wisely and if days are too short live them to the fullest!!"
"today was a good day  playful    i hungout with my bestfriend n it was my friends birthdays!!! i had a really good time  i had fun at their birthday party  smile  and       i did better than i had e playful ected to do on my astronomy test  tomorrow is another test, a bio test so i hope i do well   and tomorrow one of my friends is gonna cook n wer gona hangout  im lookin forward to seein her cz i havent seen her lately  "
"life although i would like to say live it 24 7 often takes you by surprise or gives you surprises, perhaps une playful ected or e playful ected  sometimes your loved ones have to leave you and sometimes they stay so take advantage always    and if they leave you take advantage by remembering the little things they used to do or say and the happy moments you spent with them even if they werent enough for you cuz they are"
"today was a better day, i went with my dad  to see my lil brother play baseball   smile  my lil bro did good, he improved a lil more from last time when he played   n then i been just here at home   "
"about to go eat fish, the actual real whole one   papas style"
"another school day n i had a good time today, i <propmale> out , i went to school n spent time with my sisters  "
"if luv was a virus,it would travel thru the horizons of ur heart and altho the heart is only as big as your fist,it would get lost somehow it would try to fight your immunity towards it therefor luv is tryin to fight your immunity and survive as a virus because the heart as small as it is, needs lots of luv no matter what percent of it is clogged or cold or mean the virus of luv needs to run through it "
"estar enamorado es confundir la noche con los días estar enamorado es ignorar el tiempo y su medida estar enamorado es divisar la <propfemale> más pequeña estar enamorado es olvidar la muerte y la tristeza estar enamorado es ver el mar con árboles y rosas estar enamorado es escuchar tu voz en otra boca estar enamorado es respirar el aire más profundo estar enamorado es confundir lo mío con lo tuyo ,de <propmale>"
im now 20 years old!!! and i got a rocker punk haircut now  smile 
"had a good day today, went to the dentist, to school n <propmale> out  smile  gettin ready for tmw, lookin forward to hanging out  smile "
go broncos!!! although they r losing  sad  but its ok   wer still doing pretty good n going to the playoffs hopefully!!!
"wat is in a number?wat is in a drop of rain?wat is in a feeling of touch?wat is in a name?wat is in a tear?wat is in a number is having its own language wat is in a drop of rain, is simply science wat is in a feeling of touch, is remembering it n treasuring its every moment  wat is in a name, is what you make of it wat is in a tear,is its emotion and salt simply poetry,poems are wat they seem to be a puzzle"
"can't wait til thanksgivin!!!!! fun times, family time and gooodddd foooddd!!!  wink "
its hailing in moval      beautiful!!
gettin ready for christmass!!!!! cant wait till finals r over tmw n the pre christmas begins  laugh 
finals r over!!!!!! !!!time to do more xmas shoppin n spend vacation time    
happy  cuz my sister is e playful ecting another baby girl  laugh  ima be an auntie again but this time  for  on the way <propfirst>
i hope everyone had a good christmas n is enjoyin the holidays  smile 
enjoyin my vacations!!!
"happy new year  smile  \feliz ano nuevo"
life is full of surprises!!!!!  appreciate wat u have  smile  broncos didnt go to the playoffs this year but next year we should go fosho good week so far
im liking my speech class  laugh 
rainy weekend !! n more rain to come  
"not so rainy anymore  smile !!! havin a good week at school, gettin ready for my presentation on wednesday for speech  "
"week passed so quickly  smile  today was my friend's bday party, had  fun !!!"
gonna redye my hair today!!! red  laugh    happy cuz my sister's birthday is comin up n gettin ready to finish speech class next week n off to another semester  smile  gettin ready for the superbowl n my last speech presentation on monday
happy <propmale>es day everybody !!!!  love     love    feliz <propfemale> de san <propmale>   abrazos  y besos
happy saint patricks day everyone!!!  smile 
"its the weekend alredy  wink  had fun yesterday with my family, my sister <propfemale> came over n we went to ihop  smile  and on a hike    today we ll see wat will come  "
thank you everybody for your good wishes n prayers  smile  gracias todos por sus buenos deseos y oraciones    smile      laugh 
"just finished writing a poem n i named it \ oh boy\""  smile """
gona write another poem today and post up an older one today  smile 
"just posted up the poem i wrote yesterday  smile  \you in the mountains\"""""
"im looking forward to today  smile  some friends r coming over   gona start a new poem this weekend, ima call it charlies r kids lol"
happy labor day everybody   hope y'all enjoy  
feeling sick  sad  got the flu
nice day today  smile  was my dad's official bday today n went to the doctors   feeling much better
"happy thanksgiving everyone   smile  enjoy n be safe, n eat lotttss  laugh "
"yesterday was a nice day, spent time wit family n said goodbyes to family that came from mexico  smile    spent time drawing a tattoo like drawing yesterday for my cousin, came out good i believe  "
christmas is coming  smile  ya mero viene la navidad  
"<propfemale> christmas  smile  to everybody\feliz navidad a todos"
just got back from the snow  smile  was very fun!!
let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy     that's no fun!
"happy valentines day, feliz <propfemale> <propmale> amor y de la amistad"
