35cc88028963de2c1af3abf604078983
so basically    im a senior!  smile 
on these days i miss him the most  rip daddy 12 9 06  love  i miss you 
"hmmm i dont like house \shopping\""  annoyed """
i really dont know anymore  i dont think its worth my time  annoyed 
im actaully kinda sad <propfirst> <propmale> died  annoyed  <propfemale> and i are going to tribute to him once she gets home   smile  hehehe
wow today just makes everything seem ok  smile 
wow wow wow  now this is the start to something amazing!
last night the american idol concert was amazing! <propfirst> and <propfemale> and the best people ever  smile ]
i got my hair cut  smile  im super happy  go check out the new picture? please  smile  and shoot me a text  im in a postive mood 
things are pretty amazing  smile  lets hope they can continue improving!
starts work at the fair today  come visit me at pizza by the slice  smile  i work from 8 am till lets say 3 ish? or just text me 360 608 8116
ugh! i hate <propmale>'s website  and idkif i was even able to register for the stupid classes  im pissed 
luau tonight  smile  hope to see you there! text me if you need info  smile 
luau was great  smile  thanks everyone for showing up! all day debate in gresham  text me 
2nd place in novice policy debate!  smile  today was amazing 
senior pictures are up please comment  smile  i cant choose which one  smile 
senior pictures are up please comment  smile  i cant choose which one  smile  this is the guy who did them : www shawnstpeter com
hey i lost every single number in my phone so please please please text me so i can get them back :[ 360 608 8116
leaving for washington dc in lets see less then 48 hours! scary   smile  debate this weekend was so much fun  met some amazing people!
is loving not having to go to school!  smile  i miss lockwood  annoyed 
its my 18th birthday!  smile  im so excited!
ahh geez   smile 
prairie girls bowling 1st at districts! all 5 of us in top 20  here we coem state!  smile ]
prairie girls bowling got 3rd at state!  smile  go us !! and red <propfirst> is absolutly amazing ahhh for the love of red <propfirst> and their lack of policies  smile  !
prairie girls bowling got 3rd at state!  smile  go us !! and red <propfirst> is absolutly amazing ahhh for the love of red <propfirst> and their lack of policies  smile  !
going to state in oral interpretation  dual interpretation  and public forum  smile  along with the rest of the team making it in thier events!  smile  we did amazing im super excited
3rd in state for dual interpretation!!!!  smile ]]]] i love you <propfemale>!!!! debate is next weekend 
recital today  smile  at 3 ! be there? if you want information let me know  thanks !
mother daughter tea was fun  smile  i love my mommy !
wow  things cant get any better  ugh fml  annoyed 
last day of high school ever  smile 
selling fireworks allllll dayy every dayy thsi week  smile  come bye and visit? buy some? corner of 63rd and andresen in the safeway parking lot !  smile  or at least shoot me a text !
tattoo in a couple hours !  smile  super exciteddddd  smile  !!!!!
new phone  smile  fantastic
started work yesterday :-] toys r us in <propfemale> well opens thursday!
spent two nights in the er in the last 4 days  finally found the problem  please keep me in your prayers  i could use it  smile 
i just need a break from everything i think   annoyed  nothing makes sense anymore 
"in support or memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who continue to conquer cancer or has lost their battle  put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight, <propfemale> in there"
did not start my day off well at all  annoyed  hit my head super hard on concrete stairs ughh  i cant wait for my mommy to come home  smile 
"had an amazing time at the races last night! thank you katryn  smile  then worked and overnight shift  was absolutely horrible im super duper sleepy now\ wtfff  smile )"
"toys \r\"" us is open in <propfemale> <propfemale> come stop in and get a toy and say hello if im working!  smile  first day of class today  smile  super nervous  hahaha """
"so worst day ever  i am going to destroy my computer, period "
work and school work and school  no life  annoyed \
long week already  mommy going out of town this weekend  sad  i need a break from life hahaha
wow shutdown 
wow screw nosey blonde girls on meth   smile  ugh 
you really should sign out sometimes before someone messes with your profile
i will kill you <propfirst> you just wait  smile  hope you sleep well  hahaha
getting my second tattoo tomorrow  smile  my mommy is getting her first! super excited  smile 
"super long day, but had a great day with my mommy got tattoo's, went shopping, and out to dinner  smile  wish i could do it all again "
why does everything have to be so complicated? i just need life to slow down a bit and decisions to become easier  i hate this time of year  annoyed \ long day 
well shit hit the fan  not what i needed right now   annoyed  wow fuck my life dude 
bahahah got to love working at a toy store wearing little kid backpacks beating each other with balloons and cute kids  smile 
so basically i want to punch him on the face  shut the hell up  please   smile 
pretty much super happy about things  smile  thank god for <propmale> 
"my mommy is the best  smile , not feeling well so she made me soup and tea and watched tv with me  thats what mom's are for!  smile  and on top of it all i have eliminated extra baggage out of my life! thank god  smile "
"amazing night  smile  could not have been better, so happy with the decisions i made    i was just wasting my time the last few months  so glad its over and i can move on  smile  long day tomorrow!"
"super long day at tournament  smile  had a ton of fun, prairie has a wonderful team! this is going to be a great year for them  smile "
a cup of tea and glee makes everything alright  smile 
<propmale> <propfirst>
bahahah oops  long day and dumb moves  dear god  smile  hahaha
long day  smile  good day  ready to kick back and relax  smile  things are pretty swell 
about to go babysit  smile ) super excited 
"is so thankful for the people i get to coach on the speech and debate team at prairie!  smile  just had buffalo wild wings with my mommy, now some tea and a long nights sleep is ahead of me  smile ]"
"some days just don't end the way you want, today would have been my dad's birthday and lost a good family friend this morning rip <propfirst>, everything will be okay in the long run i just have to remember that "
i really fucking hate people  while i was in barns n nobel today some idiot broke into my jeep by smashing the passenger side window and stole my gps  its going to cost a couple hundred dollars to fix this window now that there is nothing left of it  wow  not what i needed today 
400 hundred dollars out of pocket for my passenger side window that some idiot had to go and break yesterday  annoyed  thanks jerk 
i am up and ready for work!  smile  hahaha thank you toys r us 
im babysitting the cutest kids ever  smile ] bad day went good in a way 
send me a message with any number of your choice and i will tell you something i like about you in a status  smile 
"22: my goodness kidd you are such a fantastic person  i always felt like i could trust you with everything  you made life much easier for me  smile  i miss you, text me we will <propfemale> out  i love you to death kidd  smile ]"
"21: honestly, i dont know how to take you alot of the time, you are hard to figure out and we dont talk much now  annoyed  i hope things are going well for you honestly  sorry for everything "
258: goodness its been forever since i saw you or even talked to you  your such a fun girl  smile  and im glad i did get to spend some time with you and got to know you  i hope any hard feelings about anything have cleared up 
"69: hahaha you would pick this number  you are one of my best friends no matter what, he have had plenty of up's and down's but no matter what we are still friends  i mglad we have classes together it makes everything more fun  smile  and you better sign up for soc 101!!"
"9875: wow  i bet you think im just going to say shit about you, but not at all  i have alot of respect for you as an individual and i valued the friendship we did have  i guess things will never be the same between us but you got my intentions all mixed up  i miss your friendship sometimes but alot has happened  i really hope things are going well for you though  smile  your a beautiful girl  smile "
"13: i adore you kidd  smile  your the very best and i care about you a ton  you can put a smile on my face and i can trust you with anything  smile  i want to see you, i miss you a bunch!"
send me a message with any number of your choice and i will tell you something i like about you in a status  smile  as well as i need alot of prayer at this time  thanks a bunch  smile 
"i cant believe it has been four years  i love you daddy and i miss you so much  i hope everything is going well up in heaven  ill see you again someday  rip <propfirst> goldsworth november 20, 1953- december 9, 2007  love  i love you "
thank you everyone for the happy birthday comments! it means so much  smile )) thank you thank you
"i just got home from work, it is now time to sleep "
"mmm  i don't like being up this early, thank you school "
loved my classes even though my math is way to easy   smile  super <propfirst> time!
mmm the simple things are just so entertaining   smile )
ready for the weekend  smile  yep 
oh boy! this is going to be fun  smile  hahaha 
this weekend was fantastic  smile ] super sleepy though  time to make dinner and watch the <propfemale> globes!  smile 
im pretty sure that is the poofiest green marshmellow coat i have ever seen!  smile  hahaha
just got a job!!!  smile ]
super great weekend  smile  now time for class  yuck 
instead of actually calling you queer i described it to you  it makes it less demeaning that way  bahahah wow people at wsuv are stupid hahaha 
"super out of it, i think i need more sleep  hahaha  smile  homework time "
"i hate when everything just hits you at once, and never at the right time  i need a break   annoyed \"
seriously hate the flu   sad 
stupid flu > sad  time to watch despicable me with my mommy!
can today be over please  smile  thank you 
"i will win this, try me i dare you  im not joking anymore "
thank you <propfirst> theis and payton ritenburgh for keeping me up way to late  smile  hahaha bring on the day  smile 
just going to give it a break 
mmm not loving the half time show  time to get back to the game  smile )
about to get my new piercing done  smile !
super excited about my piercing  smile  good day overall 
"did she really just write \bros before hoes\"" on the whiteboard? i can look past that but really did she end the speech with \""guys are pretty damn awesome\""   smile """
super good day  smile  just got back from a joy ride with katryn!  smile  now time to relax 
"early morning lab, work from 12-5 smile 0, then beach with katryn!  smile  lets get this day on the road "
im prettyy sure im the only person i know that slices their finger open with scissors and has to go to urgency care  annoyed  this is stupid 
"fantastic weekend  smile  because of katryn! now time to start the week off, yuck "
perfect way to end the day  smile ) time for sleep 
fuck the snow > sad  i hate this  huge backup trying to get into wsuv 
fantastic last couple of days  smile ) couldn't ask for more 
can i please just repeat the last 24 hours for the rest of my life?  smile ] thanks 
"fantastic evening with <propmale>  smile ]] can't wait to see him tomorrow  butttt did spin out super bad driving home on i-5, worst moment ever "
homework finished  smile  presentation ready! later going to see <propfirst>  smile ] super excited 
lab presentation then work  annoyed  not an exciting day to say the least 
super great time with <propfirst> last night  smile ) now getting an oil change and spending time with family  smile )
great weekend  smile  spent most of it with <propfirst>  ready for school tomorrow  smile ) then tacoma this weekend 
not feeling to good today  annoyed  yuckk 
"it feels like friday already  annoyed  not a great week, possibly waiting for <propfirst> to come over   smile ]"
super lazyyy day  smile  hahaha yoga pants and work 
i'm done with that and movingg on!  smile 
my mom was seriously surprised when i told her i was able to reach the coffee cups out of the cabinet  annoyed  wow thanks mom  hahahah
best wake up ever  smile ) made my weekend  now to get more sleep  smile  hahaha 
