23e6cb5cbcc12ad06dd4b7829123ce0f
is talking to <propfirst>
is chatting with jas and being random
is bbysitting and watching a spanish channel bacause nothing else comes in on this tv 
needs to find a new profile pic 
is chatting randomly with jas
is sad that <propfemale> left  sad  and s bbysittang as is the usual
is messing around on the computer  being random  the usual 
is chattin with jas and taylyr 
is chattin with <propfirst> and being random 
my computer is being stupid!!!!!! aaaarrrrrgggg!!!!!
is tryin to get more music on her ipod while wishing her mom and <propfemale> a happy birthday
bord while bbysitting
myspacebarisbeingretarded!!!!!
is confused
"is tired from soccer, never drink too much water  bad things appen"
<propfirst> is spending the night at ronnis!!!!!!!!! pumps fist in air yesss!!!!!!!!
is planning on spending the day swimming and tanning by the pool  smile   i love summer 
babysitting and watching spongebob with <propfemale>
is waitin for mom to get home so she can take <propfirst> and <propfemale> to guitar practice 
waiting for practice later 
just got back from vacation!!!!!!
stupid ipod is being annoying while trying to create new playlists  grr
is enjoying not having to babysit today   laugh 
bored and waiting for parents to come home so i can go to jasmines 
is hangimg out with tay!!!!!!
mad    grrr   
bored and doing chores   
browsing facebook and being bored 
hangin wth <propfemale> 
bored and going to the drive in to see ice age  sams choice so hoping it wont be that bad   
waiting for my mom to get home so i can shirk babysitting for a week! and so i can ask to go places 
went school shopping  <propfirst> is gone for the week so i am very happy  i will miss her sure but i am happy to be an only child again 
ah    is that silence i hear? no yelling 11 year olds? what a concept
off to finish my chores 
soccer practice here i come 
just saw <propmale> potter 6  it was great!
reading one of my new books   smile 
listening to all the tokio hotel songs ive been ignoring    sigh  ich liebe <propmale>  i might have spell <propmale> that wrong   
needs to wake up  i am so not a morning person 
just got back from <propmale> fair mall  ya gotta love getting money from the school for reading   haha
i really need to get ahold of <propfemale> but thats hard to do with no phone!!! arg!
lovin on the sneak peak of tokio hotels new song automatic!
yay! i got my phone and internet privliges back! happy day!!!!!
listening to the clip of automatic on repeat  too bad its only 45 sec long   
had an overall good day  too many schedule mishaps though 
i survived freshman friday without getting canned! yay! lol
"got some hair dye today  kinda scared on how its gonna turn out  dont worry taylyr, its only on the ends  lol for now    muahahahaha"
swimming is actually fun in pe  pleasently suprised  now if only <propfemale> would swim faster  lol jk <propfemale>   smile 
hmmmm     i really should update my profile pic but i dont know which one to update it to     
listening to black veil brides
being bored     nothing unusual there
relax      dont you dare harsh my mellow! lol
i smell like chlorine hecka!!! its gross!!! stupid broken filter 
debating      
is mindlessly staring at duke devlin  ( watch yugioh th abridged series and ull see what im talking about)
i thought rain could make everything better    i was wrong   
i knew the rain wold come through   smile  going downstairs to sit by the fire 
im writing down what i cannot see wanna wake up in a dream oh theyre tellin me its beutiful i believe them but will i ever know- world behind my wall by tokio hotel
"i sooooo dont want to wake up tomorrow  dont u hate it when u have a game more than an hour away, have to get ther an hour early, and its hekka early anyway? ugh  wish us luck!!! go impact!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
so hoping that this weekend will be fun  please bring on the halloween fun tomorrow!  smile 
having fun with tay   smile  let the fun packed weekend begin!!!!!!!
finally back on facebook   smile  never has having a phone felt so good
having a very insightful moment   
sometimes life is just waaaaay too confusing    
why do mondays have to suck so bad? well at least i gett wednesday off   smile 
so glad we had today off  i needed a day to clear my mind  too bad i have a big paper that i have barely started    
"we are young, but we have heart, born in this world as it all falls apart     we are young, we dont belong, born in this world as it all falls apart   "
new <propfemale> comes out tomorrow at midnight!!!!!
being sick suuuux      sad 
dancin around like a total idiot and not caring one bit   smile 
"i come crashing to the floor, and i know there must be more like me, i've seen this all before, i can't <propfemale> this anymore, break free, breath, and leave until the storm is over, 'cause underneath, there's a <propfemale> passin over, so breath, let's leave until the storm is over, because i want to take you away"
i just how busy this next week is going to be  but its also going to be awsome!!!!!
this whole weekend was freaking awsome  i dont want it to end but at the same time i do so that christmas will come faster 
"thanks for the reality check jas, i needed that   smile "
bored out of my mind!!!!!!! arrrrg
7 days      
reading fmls  so glad i dont have that stuff happening to me
im feeling very loved lol
my uncle tries deleting some stuff off our computer   now everything on the screen is hecka <propfemale> and i cant figure out how to fix it  ugh
just took a practice spanigh 2 midterm online   apparently i know a lot about culture but failed everything else      thats a bad sign   
blue!!!!  smile 
its friday night and i have nothing to do       this sucks 
my moms on another health kick  kill me now 
"good music, no homework, baking, facebook, its a storm of <propfemale> happiness  laugh "
going over to jas' !!!!! yay!!!!!!
has so many conflicting emotions its freaking crazy  ugh
very happy   ugh  sometimes i really hate other emotions   playful 
"soccer conditioning was actually, do i dare to say     fun?"
"you're only as tall as your heart will let you be, and you're only as small as the world will make you seem, and when the going gets rough, and you feel like you may fall, just look on the brightside, you're roughly six feet tall   smile "
sigh      confusion does not help homework
anyone know the deal with the soccer tryouts? the schedule says that next week is conditioning but ive been hearing that its tryouts?
nevershoutnever=freaking awsome
gails later!!!!  smile 
does not like the new facebook  just when i get used to the old one they change it again  ugh
stupid thing  grrrrrrr
drawing   smile  in my happy place
making cookies!  smile  yay for prevented boredom!
boredom is finishing a picture u already finished  ppl need to give me ideas for the background  im stumped
got a formspring  ask me questions   smile  http annoyed  www formspring me complicatd
did u say the hollywood show? no!!! the hillywood show u dunce!!!
ugh  i hate great e playful ectations      
too      many      flashcards        
hanging with <propfemale> while the parents are at the crab feed
anyone in cadenhead have the list of who we are supposed to include for the great e playful ectations character map? i cant find mine  what a shock 
finally finished with my great e playful ectatios charachter map   smile  glad thats over and done with
ugh  im gonna be so sore tomorrow    
why does life always go from overly tiring to completely boring? cant there be an in between for once?
"camping was awsome  now im sad i cant go to san <propfemale> cause of the rain  oh well, folsom outlets instead! i sense a new pair of converse are in order   smile "
yay for minimum days!!!!!!!!! excited for tomorrow!
30 <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its good to be back on facebook!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> testing <propfemale>ts tomoorw    ugh   
off to chico  wish me luck   smile 
61 <propmale>! so happy! that was awsome!
"well, i hope ms pefley is happy that she was gone and didnt realize that we cant get on gmail at school  goodbye 50 pts  im happy we dont have to go to school intil nine tho   smile "
its weird being the last one home when im usually the first to leave 
waging war on my closet  i hope it doesnt eat me in the process 
dontcha love it when ur project group flakes on u leaving u to do all the work on a 200 pt project due tomorrow? those jerks are gonna die tomorrow 
today was cool  played spanish ninja and mata mosca  i think thats how u spell it     the rally was ok    but it was ment for the seniors so it was cool 
siick  if i wasnt i might actually be enjoying being home alone 
i am your mother!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love  blondie  smile 
<propfemale>!!!!!!!
"listening to music, maybe seeing <propfirst> later, lets hope mom says ok, its been too long "
"ask me stuff   smile \http annoyed  www formspring me complicatd"
finally off to san <propmale>  this is gonna be a long ride      if ur planning to stay up txt me   smile 
just found the rest stop that we stopped at on the way to wonder valley   smile  good times  good times 
"sad that vacation is over   sad  spend most of the time with grandpa, which was interesting haha i dont have to go to school tomorrow  smile  at least im happy abt that"
i just realized it says want twice on 3oh!3's album cover  wow  i feel really stupid now  lol
"i really need to learn to be more honest with myself, and more forthcoming with others "
off to the grand canyon  smile  talk to ya in ten days!!
hi it's katherine smile  i'm using sarahs phone 
hey mom! guess what! were going through the air forces active bombing range!  dont worry we think they only use practice bombs close to the freeway  lol
well were in utah    and its snowing    in june 
23 <propmale> in four days  had lots of fun  got attacked by a cactus  got a new trail name  awsome week 
of course on the day where all i want to do is stay home and sleep they want to actually go somewhere where? nascar race  but i have to go cause its fathers day
starts ref training tonight  todays gonna be a long day  sorry now you have to watch 100 feet alone now <propfemale>   sad 
hanging out with taylyr  makin blood cake  lol  did you know that tpwhen u type in anything gay on google the searchbar goes rainbow?
had an awsome time at the scuba class today  i want to go to monterey and do an open water class now 
hopefully maybe starting drivers <propmale> tomorrow   smile 
just jumped in the pool with all my clothes on from practice  it felt awsome  i wish i had scuba gear at home so i could just stay in there for hours   smile 
"http annoyed  www formspring me complicatd\ask me anything  ill answer everything  boredom baby   smile "
just got out of the theatre  best movie yet 
had a great time at the 3rd of july party  swam until i was exausted and watched the fireworks(the little ppl brought  lol)
anyone ever had a nitrous monster?
hmmmm    so many things i should do but i dont want to do any of them right now    
"to sleep or not to sleep, that is the question    "
glad to be back home 
going tubing down the truckee river!!
had a great time at the river  the whitewater park was freakin awesome  now off to the drive ins   smile 
at home playing blokus with the fam   smile 
going to the fair with <propfemale>  smile 
i love free stuff you get at the fair   smile  my coloring book is in spanish 
stupid skunk  it just invaded my yard and tried to spray my dog 
"had a great time in la porte today, the stars look amazing in the middle of noowhere in the middle of the night   smile  happy birthday dad "
why is it that the people that i never talk to are the people who text me randomly at two in the morning? off to a tourney  ugh  its too early 
going to the championships!!!!!!!!!
took second place  it was a great game  1-0
is it sad that even the saleslady laughed at me walking in heels?  smile  had a great time with <propfirst> 
today is tomorrow and yesterday is today   smile 
had a great time with <propfirst> and jas last nigh and today  mall was fun   smile 
"1  world history-rogers\2 hon  english 2-dixon\3  geometry-slater\4  pe 2-kelly\5  spanish 3-bates\6  chemistry-barry \\comment if you have classes with me "
off again to another tournament  way too early to function correctly 
is mad abt that scoring system 
saw vampires suck with taylyr  funniest thing ever  first day was ok  i can already tell its gonna be a busy year though 
stupid summer reading essay due!
muahahahahah!!!!!!
feelin kinda bored      i could do extra homework    but i wont   smile 
"packing for going caving this weekend  stoked!!! and yes, i still say stoked   smile "
still drivin  playing my cows with everyone 
anyone else have a rave dance party in a cave? i didnt think so   smile 
"geometry, one part equasions, two parts common sense  im kinda hoping it gets harder but at the same time i like being able to do 20 problems in less than half an hour "
"well i guess i am going to homecoming, mom bought me that dress without telling me   who else is going?"
<propmale> walk was really cool  got gelato for the first time in forever  drunk ppl are really funny to watch   smile 
never shout never never fails to put a smile on my face   smile 
me and another geman emo pop band     hm    im starting to sense a pattern here    
"dear u10 girls parents, please be nice to the new side ref "
spanish flashcards should die 
ugh 
any of the <propmale> kids going to fall festival this year?
shes the man=best movie ever   smile 
needs a rape whistle   smile 
seriously? its a color!! if it was different color would it be the same thing? no  it wouldnt  but its black  so <propfemale> me 
got my phone back!! great weekend  great game saturday and had a great time helping set a world record today   smile 
finally got the <propfemale> cd downloaded  thankk you <propfemale> for letting me copy it   smile  you know what im going to be listening to all through tomorrow 
<propfemale> just left   sad  now to be bored again 
only the english essay and spanish left   smile  finally  anyone want to help me on what to put for my points made and universal generalization? stuck on those 
tooo     many     stamps       thank you mr  <propmale>  for coming up with the most time consuming pointless activity ever 
"please\put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish\is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a \choice -people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and\equal rights    93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it \   your      status for at least one hour?"
quiche!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone else going to the dc homecoming game?
"had fun with taylyr at the mall earlier, now just hanging around home      txt me?"
"maybe i would've been something you'd be good at\maybe you would've been something i'd be good at\but now we'll never know\i won't be sad but in case i go there every day to make myself feel bad\there's a <propmale> that i'll start to wonder if this was the thing to do"
had a great time making shirts with the team  now for all that homework ive been putting off     
today is a <propfemale> and <propfemale> day   smile 
hm     should i wear my tournament shirt i made or a costume tomorrow?
feeling a bit more sane now   smile 
i am having waaaaay too much fun listening to these   
"well, lets see how much longer i can delay writing this act for the greek plays      "
its only 10? well that measn ive been sitting here doing nothing for about four and a half hours  <propmale> accomplishment   smile 
still writing that dang essay     
<propmale> potter tonight!!!!!!!!!!!
"great day today, almost no sleep, taco party at lunch, and random hysteria     now to finish up that essay due by midnight   "
\might paint something i might want to <propfemale> here someday,\23e6cb5cbcc12ad06dd4b7829123ce0f,on the internet with the new laptop my parents got last night  this morning   smile  i missed having a working laptop 
freezing colddd  lost our game but it was still a good one  go impact!!!
kinda bored now that soccer practice is gone   sad 
had tons of fun last night  now for <propfirst> bake   smile 
"didnt sleep last night, todays gonna be fun   smile "
off to san <propmale>!
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday  yesterday was fun but today is seaworld!!
last chapter of drivers training! ugh    school tomorrow   
music highs are amazing   smile 
indoor starts tonight!!!  smile 
just passed my permit test!!  smile 
"snowboarding, broomball, 19 mile bike ride, and mardi gras all in the same weekend? yes   smile "
"just so i dont freak out, anyone in dixon's class, the debates start friday right?"
"first thought when i got home, why are there decorations? second, why are there people? then everyone suprise  you never e playful ect a suprise party in febuary "
found the roaming gnome  smile 
"hm, i really wish a had a vuvuzela right now     "
"why is it that every time i go on the computer, five minutes later my sister comes up and tells me that she needs it for homework  and you didnt do this before you did the rest of your homework why?"
incense and fanfics   smile  thank you taylyr <propfemale> thorne and <propfemale> hassman for introducing me to these wonderful things 
is loved very dearly by <propfirst> leal
virus gone   smile  now back to homework     ugh
"hi <propfemale>! guess who this is! muahaha  laugh  you've been hacked by the most awesome person in the world  smile  hehe, i love you!  love "
"well, i dont know how to feel about today  i got off restriction but then i found out i need braces      "
"taylyr-\come overrrrrr\""\",23e6cb5cbcc12ad06dd4b7829123ce0f,who's ready for speed quote and commentary?  smile 
6 screaming 13 year olds in my house     so glad i didnt stay here last night  tryouts and a bike ride later   smile 
