b69a43941899a0432983a8c50331f4cb
waiting for the weekend missing <propfemale>      off this weekend so i get to spend time with all my girls
whew going to bed early tongiht
turns out i won't be going to bed so early  lol  go figure!
turning in got to work in the morning     ugh long day nine hour shift    someone want to rub my feet?  smile  anyone? lmao just jokin won't make you all suffer  lol
ok ok i am really going to bed now    i think lol
got off work    another looong day tomorrow    fed and bathed kids( well my little sisters did)
taking rylee to the doctor   ugh
going to work at twelve    almost friday!
getting ready to get supper      wondering how people can do the things they do and not care who it hurts   
whoo hooo i going to the honkey tonk too!!!!!!!!!!! come on out ya'll
home fromhonkeytonk    typing wiyh pne eye closed lol
ugh     got way too drunk!!! lol    recooperating
going to honkey tonk      again  smile  come on out ya'll
omg <propfemale> drunk
getting ready for the rest of my life     boy no one tells you how anxious it makes you     it is the best thing though
tomorrow is the big day!!!!!!!!!!
i want a great white pelican
damn i am too slow
thanks for the animals    llet me know what u want or need
headed out to the unknown
well finally out of this one horse town    got my girls back     and i aint lettin them go for nothin    cant wait till the 1st so i can get on with my life
rylee first bday today      yay!!
whoo had a blast at the honky tonk last night!!! lol didn't take enough pics tho  sad 
rip  dad   <propfirst> levroy <propfirst>      you are loved and missed
my head and shoulder are killing me!!!! ugh can't wait for my life to pick up some pace 
i really hate lying ass men!!!!!
hopefully i will have another job tomorrow  need something to fill up my free time
gettin off to deal with fightin kiddos
whew so ready for bed  house full of kids! someone have any prozac? lmao j k
how does everyone get their children up? their names i mean? i am having a serious blonde moment
lmao ok my blonde moment is over at last!!!!!!!! whoo hoo
ugh so blah      2 down one to go     come on rylee go nite nite!!!
okidoki artichokie     know how funny that is when a four yr old says it  hilarious!!! neway drinkin coffe then off to try and rejoin the wrking world  my momma is healed  eureka
have a horrid toothache      hopefully going to the bank in the morning will brighten my day       ugh can't wait for kids to hit the hay so i can relax
good night everyone    hope i get a job tomorrow
"went up to the workforce center and registered    still job hunting, but going camping all weekend with like 9 kiddos    gonna be something else"
omg my lil rylee bug got attacked by a cat     
wondering why all my pics didn't upload    so ready for the kiddos bedtime    mommy needs a break     lol
yippie!!!  the pictures are finally coming up  let's hope they aren't duplicated like a zillion times   playful 
well i put up some recent pics and i am going to bed     goodnight everyone!!! sweet dreams
good morning!!! drinking coffee trying to wake up  lol  looking forward to camping    
ok so we  are  off     omg these girls are already fighting    someone pray for me!!!! lol
see what happens when tons of girls are left waitin on slow ass men!!!! photo opportunities! yay!!
omg finally out of the damn river!!!!!!! and just in time!!! the storm is here     had a blast got loads of pics to upload gonna take some time      whew lots of kids tho
ok kids r sleepin and my head hurts so i am taking a break  will put the rest up and label them later    love you all
oh what a slow morning it is! just cannot seem to wake up fully 
going job hunting in the morning      hope i have some good luck     reading unhallowed     it is really good!
"ever have one of those nights when everything that is wrong in your life just seems to slam into your face painfully? well this is one of those nights     just ready to get my life back ,,, why is it so hard sometimes?"
"ok i have about 20 more pics to put up tomorrow(give or take), and then they are all up!!! whew!!!!"
oh loooong day    got lots of job apps in several are promising    2 i would love!!!! hope to b workin again within the week  smile  tired tho so i am resting     been gone all day    covered half of silsbee    lol
well sending kids to bed early tonight  they have driven me to the brink of insanity today  playful      figuring out some mixed emotions i am having  why is life so confusing sometimes? wonder what he's up to     then wondering why i care what he does    
whoo hoo!!!! goin to th honkey tonk for a couple drinks!!!!! yay thank you daddy!!!!!!!
"well had a great time out     sang to my little hearts content    lol     ran into someone i  could have delt without seeing, fought with kids dad, but had a good time over all     why is it that when i try to have a good time, people want to assume i am doing something wrong?"
"goodnight everyone, i am drunk and people are mad at me, so i figure i best get to bed      hmmm i am an adult right? sorry just checkin    someone is reaaallllly mad at me      but owell life goes on right"
cleaning house     putting kids down for nap  got to call and make dr  appts  (don't forget <propfirst>)  lol a little reminder for myself      got half the house clean already    yay
oh this rain really sucks  kids can't play outside  sad   well got the house spick and span and kids bathed  think i am going to finish my book     unhallowed ground  it is really good 
ha kids won't let me read     what was i thinking    lol    is it bed time yet?! anyone? lmao     naw i am kidding    i will wait     listening to music now
goin to grocery store  sad 
omg these kids are giving me a headache     bedtime is sooo close  sweet serenity it will be
wow facebook is hoppin late at night! lol    well kids are all asleep and i am so exhausted so i am going to turn in myself  nighty night
"good morning! going to hound all of my potential employers in a couple hours  \fingers crossed\"""""
have a splitting headache and the kids keep on screaming  just another day  lol
bedtime is early again tonight  kids have just been anal  most likely ha a job tomorrow to get me through till the one i want does their hiring  a little over 30 days  8 to 5     hell yea  smile      waitressing will just have to tide me over until then
"good morning! drinking coffee, playing with kids"
"nap time for kids! yay  no clue what is wrong with them, but they just won't stop bickering  need to put my clothes up but i don't want to  lol  there are too damn many! i feel like a clothing store  90% are the kids  lol"
pretty boring around here tonight  definitely unusual  lol  kids going to bed at 8 smile 0  they don't tend to be so whinny when they do 
"went to the river for an hour with the kids  they had a ball  happy 4th everyone!! had a late night, not a lot of sleep  sooo exhausted"
oh this house has gone to the dogs! got to get it back in shape  then hounding all my potential employers  someone is gonna get tired of me calling and give me the job  lol  taking kids to fireworks tonight  they are going to love it
kids are napping  it is so peaceful   smile  still no job  sad  but still got opportunities  couple of them said wednesday  going to finish my book while i can  lol
whew fireworks  over  waiting on rylee to go to sleep  so tired  thinking about what to do with the girls tomorrow 
oh just woke up and so tired  i need coffee!!! making kids breakfast
was a pretty good day  cleaned house and visited a friend  poor lil' red got stung by a <propfemale>  sad  so the visit was cut a little short  going to put my car in the shop tomorrow  yay it will be fixed sooner than i thought!!!
"wondering why it took me so damn long to realize the truth, and how long  it is going to take this time to clean up the mess?!?!"
going to karyoke tonight! i need a drink
had an awesome time last night!! taking rylee to the doctor  she's sick  sad 
sitting here bored  watching rylee act a fool  lol  missed the library today so no new book to read  sad  hope i make it tomorrow  going swimming with friends and kids saturday  yay
well kiddos are down and i am going too  maybe one day i will end up asleep before 12 a m  lol
i got a job!!!!! whoo hoo!!!!!!! i am sooo excited  yay my life is getting better!!!
"kids are asleep  early day tomorrow  even though i am excited and happy about my life becoming something to be even prouder of, a very small part of me still feels a bit sad that \he\"" chose (by his immaturity) not to be a part of our lives  why can't some people see the good things they have when they are slapping them in the face? and just how long does it take for a heart to heal?"""
up and getting ready for the river  total kids going to be there today     eleven!!! going to be a blast though! love ya <propfemale>    wake up!! lol     waitin on lil' red to get up 
well we are so waterlogged!!! but it was awesome and the kiddos had a blast! was quite a handful corralling all of those little ones  lol  going to sit back enjoy nap time and read!
"oh so sun burnt  lol  going to catch up on my zzz's because these 12 hr shifts are going to be excruciating! but worth it when i get that pay check!! ;-p going to read some more of my book, wrestle kids to quietness  maybe???!!!"
"well about to hit the hay  actually i will probably read for a bit to unwind   lol     was a long day and am tired  lot on my mind, and sleep is a good sanctuary from it  wish there was something to take to make certain feelings go away, or at least an instruction <propmale> for life  lol"
good morning! finished my book cradle and all last night  it was awesome
"so excited about tomorrow! i am so happy everything is coming together  slowly but surely it is  my kids are wonderful, i have a job, and my car is getting fixed  what more could a person ask for?!?!  smile "
about  to watch couples retreat with my parents  kids are eating    got a big day tomorrow!! can't wait  smile      cannot find any purple scrubs!!! anyone have any suggestions as to where i can get them?!?
"?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
movie was funny! kids are down  guess i will read a bit to unwind  so excited bout tomorrow!!!
got the job!! orientation at 9 a m  then i start my first day  i am so excited!
"well supper is over     kids bathed  time to relax so i can be ready for my new job!  smile  lol i know i am a bit over excited, but hell it is a <propmale> relief accomplishment to myself  where there is a will, there is a way!!"
first day of work! and i am tired! go figure  lol  coffee coffee coffee!
"well my first day of work was awesome! then when i get home i found out my parents moved next door! lol so now i have their old room, and all the kids! wondering if i got screwed in the trade?!? lmao  can't wait till my first check    going to do something fun with my babies  smile   going to lay down now, bed rail fell on my ankle! typical first day ;-p"
this just in! she didn't come to visit! she came to pack!!! lmao
off tomorrow! got my scrubs in today  they are so cute  smile 
yay koty is coming down!!! whoo hoo
"well work was fine    kids at their dads     too quiet around here    been a long time since the house was empty  leaving too much time to think      dealing with suppressed feelings and it sucks  why when i finally start to be as ok as i can, does he come back with all his crap  i just want to stop caring, and stop having to repeat over and over and over why i won't \try again\""  need prozac!!! lol"""
at my job it is so sad  i almost cried yesterday  especially on the alzheimers unit which is the one i work  it is like their families stick them in there and then forget about them  sad  most of their walls are bare  goinb to have to get my kids to help me make decorations for them or somethinb  i never want to see anyone i love in one 
at work    on break     so tired    lol    
finally home!!! another day tomorrow     no kids again     maybe tonight i will get some sleep  smile  couldn't fall asleep for anything last night  investing in some sleeping aids 
getting ready for work  one more day and then i am off for two  going to get the girls this evening  miss them bunches  have a severe toothache! going to be a long day  sad  rip <propmale>! you will be missed and will never be forgotten!!
whoo hoo! i get the 7-4 shift starting tomorrow! this is the best day!
goofin off at wrk till lunch break so i will have something to do when i get back  hungry  smile 
"off to work in an hour  won't get 7-4 for a few days  then to the dentist  got a bad abases! tripled in size over night! hope they give me some pain medicine cause this ibuprofen doesn't help much  then back to work after appt  life is too e playful ensive to just \take off\"" a day! lol"""
takin a break     one more hr till the dentist  yay  smile 
"got antibiotics and pain medicine today  hopefully the swelling starts subsiding soon  going to get my baby <propfemale> in the morning!! thinking about a picnic at  the park thursday, and maybe river wednesday "
good morning! drinkin coffee and then off to get <propfemale>  face still swollen  sad 
"god i am so tired of people acting like they are children! my blood pressure is soaring this morning  why does my kids dad have to be such a jerk??? i feel like i am going  insane! furious, hurt, embarrassed, nauseated, hatred,  and a couple more emotions i can't pin point are how i am feeling  going to clean to release some steam!!!"
"watching grease  i love that movie   smile  swelling going down! yay! exhausted from commotion this morning  so tired of mouthy, arrogant, and ignorant people! glad i am off tomorrow as well  sleeping in!!"
"back to work in the morning, and so ready to be! swelling in my face is almost gone!  smile  reading witness in death by j d  robb  listening to kids run around  lol     going to bed early     need some rest"
getting ready for work     kids still sleeping     lol unusual  nice though     quiet morning
on break @ work  cant wait till lunch  im starvin lol
home from work     long day today     hoping i get my <propfemale> next week  bathing kids    omg jessalyns ears are still pierced!!! i had no idea!!! dadgumit now i got to get rylee done!!!!
"another day of work today, and i'm so tired  missing out on a lot of fun cause i have to work  sad  damn this responsibility thing! lol"
on break     hot outside! looking forward to lunch!  smile 
yay its lunch time!! burned out today     what to eat? hmmm
"home from work     kids all taken care of, about to be bed time so mommy can take a nice soothing & relaxing bath!! two more days on then i get my 2 off  smoked a total of 2 cigs today! going for 0 tomorrow! yay so ready to kick the habit!!"
"so tired this morning! rylee been running a fever so i didn't get much sleep at all!! she is so grouchy when she is sick, lol  gonna get more coffee     have a great day everyone!"
whoo hoo still no cigarette today and no patch as well  wont be smelling like an ashtray anymore  smile 
wow kids are being extremely  ornery tonight! cleaning up supper mess they made and they are going straight to bed! must have missed their nap time today
morning  drinking coffee and getting ready for work  off tomorrow! yay  rylee fever went away yesterday      thank goodness  have a great day everyone
getting my hair cut in about an hour  so excited  thinking about doing my nails to     got company coming this evening after he gets off work  off of work  myself today 
"wow jusst woke up! didn't even mean to go to sleep  lol    love my hair though, <propfemale> did an awesome job cutting it!"
omg rylee just said hug! so adorable
"spaghetti for supper, then kids baths n bed  think i am going to read a bit before bed  work tomorrow  yay!"
well going to call it a night  work in the morning!
"lunchtime, thank god cause im starved  been a crazy day today @ the job  but kids dad gettin girls tomorrow smile  yay"
long day at work  had some crazy stuff go down  very hectic day! glad to be home  getting kids ready for bed because they have been misbehaving
"well tried to go have a fun time, and surprise can't do a damn thing in this town cause people are childish little bitches  god i hate this town, and how a certain family thinks that they run my life  grow up and move on, cause lord knows i sure as hell have!!!!!!"
getting ready for work
"oh still at work, such a loong day, and im so tired! twelve hr shift tomorrow! geez the things ppl do for money lol    "
"ugh so tired, and guess what?! more work when i get home  ready for the bed, tomorrow is going to be longer  wonder how old it takes some people to become before they realize sometimes you have to see people you don't like, and not act like children when they do? hopefully sooner than later, cause they are driving me looney  life is just that life  get over it!!!!!"
"good night everyone! long day tomorrow, and i need some sleep  my babies will be back tomorrow  yay i miss them!"
wow it is early and i'm still exhausted! twelve hrs today  sad  but i'll get my babies to cuddle with me tonight  comin in from work and going straight bed!
still @ work     lada dada da     lol sooo ready for the bed      another day tomorrow but then again it means another dollar  smile 
"going to bed, cause i'm tired! my babies came home tonight so i am gonna sleep like a rock! and i get my <propfemale> this weekend! yay!! taking the girls shopping, cause we all love to shop!  smile  goodnight n sleep tight!"
@ work  drinkin a cup of coffee for motivation!  smile  morning everyone
whew had a long day at work  done had a shower and so have the girls  supper is almost done!  gonna curl up with them and enjoy my family  smile 
"wrk again, but im off tomorrow!  smile  yay very much needed ima sleep in whoo hoo  gonna b a long day"
whew at wrk     hot outside     got a lot of wrk to do    
off of work     cleaned the house     relaxin the rest of the day with my kiddos
"going to bed, cause i work in the morning  had a pretty dramatic past day n night  really got me to do some thinking  jessalyn now calls me \mother\""  it is so cute coming out of a 4 yr olds mouth"""
still @ wrk  gonna b a while longer  long day today     cant wait to b home n showered and laid up with my babies
"gonna b a long day again, but it will b worth it     <propfemale> i swear i will call this <propfemale>  i fell plumb asleep last night  lol"
@ wrk and <propfemale> sleepy  rylee was up @ five this mornin tearing down the house! lol  another 11-12 hrs today  but money doesnt grow on trees       does it?! lol
"sheesh it is tooo early!!! i am exhausted as hell, but my kids start daycare the 19     whoo hoo  smile "
"almost lunch time, i am actually gonna make it out @ four today     hell yea"
only an hour and a half left  thank goodness  smile 
"morning everyone  had kids n bed by eight, we were all asleep by nine  it was great  smile  got up bout thirty <propfemale> ago n showered  gonna b an awesome day"
ate like a pig! ready to go home now  smile  got an early mornin tomorrow even on my day off
@ dps office     so ready to go shop  smile  need some more coffee!!!!
didnt get home till after 7 last night!!! what a crazy day it was     jessalyn got her first haircut
my life sucks momentarily  sad   cant wait for it to unsuck again!!  smile 
looks like rain today  smile  least it is a whole lot cooler feeling  gettin off @ four     whoo hoo
"drinkin coffee, wish it was stronger! lol     off to wrk n bout ten <propfemale>    "
almost lunchtime  smile 
finally home
oh @ wrk and <propfemale> tired  hopefully i will b off @ four  i need sleep!!! had a blast last night  was much needed
"well got off @ 4 surprise 2, yay     going home to cuddle up to my girlies  mayb finish my book "
restless    
@ wrk     was runnin late this mornin     long restless nite for m n rylee  sad  but im off tomorrow    yay i aint gettin outta bed lol
rylee busted jessalyns mouth open head buttin her     poor lil red  sad     
almost time to go home  yay gonna lay round w my lil ones
goin to drink a few n shoot sum pool @ the tin barn  smile 
still in my pj's  smile  laid up with my kiddos
"awww the day is close to being over, back to wrk tomorrow"
yay  got kortneyfor the wk  smile 
oh had a drama filled night!!! y cant ppl just leave me alone  sad  headin to wrk
"whew wut a long day, cant wait to go home to my babies"
just finished supper! felt really good to cook again  everyone loved too!!  smile  time for a little r&r
"love my job more and more each day!!  smile  can't wait till rylee starts sleeping through the night because then i won't always be tired  the last few months she just wakes up several times, and thinks it is time to play    lol she is sleeping finally so i am off to bed  nighty night everyone!"
"@ wic, bak to wrk <propfemale> i get done, busy day today"
"home with my girlies, they all sleeping at <propfemale> and pawpaw's cept rylee, omg so jessalyn spent her very own money on me! i cried cause it was so sweet  she bout me a <propmale> silver little house shaped necklace with a heart in it, on the back the inscription, \ a mother's heart is always with her children\""  my kids are the greatest!!!"""
"wow up at five, on way to bmt, got a busy day! get to meet kortneys teacher today  smile "
"whoo done, $92 a mo for daycare, now time to shop w my baby <propfemale>!  smile  awesome day today"
gettin ready to go w  sissy to meet kortneys teacher  smile  thinkin bout rentin a movie afterward
watching <propfemale> and the frog n eatin popcorn with my babies  smile  then it is off to beddy bye    bak to work n the mornin
"whoo hoo going home  been a busy day, got lot of wrk done  ready to take a shower and relax!  smile "
"it is official, my car goes in the shop monday!!!! i have worked hard and waited a long time to be able to do it on my own(with a little help from daddy of course)  smile      it is all worth it though, all i had to do was lose the extra baggage weighing me down! we all know who that was lol  life is awesome!!!!"
"drinkin coffee, bout to b goin to wrk smile "
"kids r @ their grandparents since yesterday <propfemale>, so it is just me n my baby <propfemale>  im glad we get a lil one on one time, <propfemale>n tho im wrking "
"bak @ wrk, then off to the park w <propfemale> and then to a friends  love gettin alone time w her "
"whoo hoo break time, cant wait to go play at the park smile "
"whoo hoo, im home  now goin to the park, damn cant wait till nxt wkend cuz i need a drink!! lol"
omg dealing with a sick kid can b such a headache lol  sad  blah missin a days pay  sad  thats even worse
whoo hoo school n the morning!!! bedtime in 15 <propfemale> and counting!  smile 
"omg, kids gone to school n daycare n i am still runnin around like a chicken with my head cut off"
"ohh i want a nap, in bmt then hopefully home  smile "
"well kids had a blast today  jessalyn said her favorite thing to do was go to school! lol, rylee adjusted super well as well  everyone kept complimenting how sweet jessalyn is  i am so proud!! smile  back to work in the morning, yay smile "
"welp i am taking a shower and then turning in for the night! got to work the rest of the week, and lord knows i need my beauty sleep! lol"
"omg!!! so rylee just woke up screaming like 30 minutes ago, and wont stop!!! the joys of parenting  i have no clue what is wrong with her, but i am ready to cry myself  i am <propfemale> tired"
almost lunchtime  smile 
whew cant wait to b off so i can start arrangin the room for my girls
home! stiill got an hour before i have to get kids
"@ wrk, rylee threw a fit this morning when i dropped her off  sad  my poor baby, she will live tho lol     <propfirst> texted out of the blue, funny how <propfemale> he has no one he contacts me      he aint gettin my sympathy this time tho "
"almost time for break, got a lot on my mind  cant wait till this wkend so i can have fun and forget it all for a while smile "
"went out and drank a few beers, shot some pool, and now back at home cleaning the house  god i have a lot on my mind  was so much simpler when \he\"" didn't have a way to contact me"""
"at wrk  another day, another dollar  smile  rylee stays happy till we walk through daycare doors  lol then the wailing starts    "
on lunch break smile 
"ok so jessalyn, my pickey eater, mrs  i refuse to eat anything  likes plain <propfemale> rice cakes and special k vanilla granola bars! what is up w that?! lol"
"home, clean house, kids are bathing, supper soon, then i wrk n morn and off this wkend!  smile "
ha they r all in bed! hooray
good morning! yay it is friday! off for the weekend! on way to work
yay getting <propfemale> when i get off today! i love havin my family all together smile 
"chilling w <propfemale>, waaayyy too many kids     n her friend <propfirst> goes n buys them ice cream 15 <propfemale>, lol    lord help me"
thank god the ice cream didnt keep em wired  i guess school wore em out  smile  yay for mommy
"good morning! we got a new washer & dryer  yay  kids are up, and i shoved them out to play on this wonderful day!  smile  re-cooperating from a fun time last night!"
"bar-b-que'd at charolotte's , kids loved it  more ice cream at 9 something at night  damn you <propfirst>! lol but they are in bed so whew! back to work in the morning  yay lol"
"almost time to go home, then two hours before kids get home  mayb i can clean lol"
"ok, so next time i wont fly off the handle, b c he acts so smug, i dnt need anyone but my girls, their love is enough, he may have a woman, but i come out far better in the end cause i have my girls  smile "
"almost off, think im goin to go lay up for bout an hr before i go pick up kids, i could use some peace and quiet lol"
"at wrk, n wrkin hard, but i am off friday so yay smile "
"home from picking up kiddos  house is clean, supper almost done, baths are next, then they will all be in bed by 8  yay   smile  can't wait for tomorrow  it is going to rock!"
"@ wrk, going out tonight, and off tomorrow  yay  smile "
almost lunchtime
"goin out tonight, it aint bmt but it will suffice till i can make it out that way, gonna b a blast! smile "
"had a great night, accomplished everything i set out to accomplish smile "
"oh man, i need to go bak to bed, wow drank too much"
"back to wrk tomorrow, kids are going to their dads  im going to bed early lol   still tired from my escapades last night"
"kids r gone, wish i had the energy to go out tonight, tomorrow is another day smile  after i get off work of course"
"on the way to work, staying till 6 or 7 today, then goin to chill w someone smile  i promise to behave lol"
"wow going to b a long day, drinkin tonite  smile  happy labor day wkend"
awake @ seven somethin on my day off     wtf? lol
drinkin margaritas at chilis
"good morning, another day of wrk    kids bak to school tomorrow  yay,"
"bak to wrk, only a few hrs left, then its home to clean it up"
on break     wonderin if the kids have completly torn the house apart?!
"almost time to get off, a friend is coming over   smile  lets see if he is \genuinely\"" interested in me as a person     or just interested in oogly my goodies lol    """
"whoo hoo, been drinkin beers    yay smile  they taste so yummy! wrk by 7 n the mornin      yikes    "
"up and gettin ready for wrk, coulda shoulda have gotten more sleep  it is payday tho"
"remember how he pushed u n the hallway, just enough to hurt a little bit, remember the whiskey n his whispers and the lies that fell so easy from his lips, he said hell never do it again, but u cant take it bak, the proof is on ur skin, remember that,     when its 3 am and hes at ur door and he wants u bak and hes begging for forgiveness, remember that"
"day is half over, i feel just blah today     wonderin if they fixed my car yet   mayb i should call them lol"
"they r hookin up wirin harness, wonder if it will make it go vroom vroom again smile "
"home, wet, needa clean, dnt wanna     rylee sick, story of my life  this child staaayyyyss sick sad  no daycare for her tomorrow     dang"
is wishing my body would stop killing me! hope it subsides enough to finally get some sleep    
"up, and my body hurts worse than yesterday  can't wait for the day to be over  wish i knew what was wrong"
"in need of somethin to make the pain stop sad  to top it off, rylee wont stop tryna climb on me  how do u make a two yr old understand mommy is hurt and she cant climb on me?!"
"slept all day and still my body is nothing but a constant ache  sad  hope the nurses arent right about me havin menengitis, we will c tomorrow <propfemale> i get to the er     layin bak dwn     it eases a bit <propfemale> i do"
"so just found out ny car needs a new computer, if i didnt have bad luck i swear i wouldnt have any at all!! ready to throw n the towel    then i think bout my girls     wondern how long its gonna take for them to get this part!!!"
"kids @ school, i am off to the dr soon    been takin some anti-inflammatory pills that are helping a bit    just ready to b released bak to wrk!"
ok so seein as it has taken so dagum long to even b able to get to a er     im goin to freakin minor care n bmt!!!
"almost outta the hosp, thank the good lord, pulld a muscle, but been takin proper care of it so it is wrkin itself out     go me     anti inflammatory pills n vicoden really help  pain is isolating to certain areas, and i got a mini massage frm a hunky doc smile  totally awesome ending to a sucky startin day"
"kids are in bed, got my scripts filled, off tomorrow and kids will all b in school smile  kicking bak and relaxing till they kick in, and i fall into a painless sleep smile "
awake and it is my day off  sad  the meds helped the pain subside to a dull ache through out the night    hopin they wrk just as well during the day      kids r gone     hooray for the silence!!!
got <propfemale> for the wkend  yay smile  bout  to go get the rest of the kiddos
"at wrk, taking it easy next couple of days to make sure my back heals properly     what to do w kids tonite? watched marmaduke last night    cute movie"
on lunch    bad day today     cant wait till it is over!!
"house is finally clean smile  back still hurts some, but it is a lot better than the past few days     hooray smile      wrk n the mornin    "
"headed off to wrk soon, yay     ugh"
"thank the good lord, my back is finally down to occasional minimual pain!! hooray, time to stop the meds n save em just in case     so happy i got kortney smile  we watched marmaduke again last night cause she wanted to     lol"
"gonna b a long day i fear lol     hopin my car is  fixed today, definitely feelin like a  monday"
i am getting my car today!!!!!!  smile 
i will b driving my car in approx ten minutes  how freakin sweet is that  smile 
feels so great to drive my own car smile 
"does anyone know any dj's who would be free on october 15, my dads best friend from high school is dying, and his wife is throwing him a surprise party     let me know please!!!!"
"wondering why total responsibility falls on only one person mostly? like how come people can make kids, but can't grow up enough to take care of them? lozer men and women who don't seem to want to pull their heads outtta their asses     wake up!!!! you grew up (well were supposed to) years ago  it is time to face the facts     u r parents now     start acting like it     sheesh     sad "
"at wrk, doin fun stuff  smile  yay wrk"
all my a c needed was freeon (dunno how to spell it)     so now my car runs perfect smile  ecstatic!
"mother, quit spyin on me: im watching u  smile  lmao"
the way i am spending my day off really bites!!!!! will i ever be finished?!?
"back to work tomorrow, been a long day, got to spend the whole day with <propfemale> though  smile "
getting ready for work    sooo tired    
"@ wrk, kids goin to their dads  smile  got to wrk all wkend, but im gonna do sumthin    hmm    what to get into? lol"
when is cruise n silsbee?
"kids r gone, what to do? lol always a tough question to answer"
"is so aggrivated! lemme ask u custodial parents a ?  if it is the other parents wkend visitation, and a child gets sick, and u have to wrk, and the other parent dosent even have a job    is it wrong to tell them ,no ur not taking off wrk, n they shuld take said child to the hospital if they feel the sickness is severe enough?!!!"
"imagine that! said child has not been taken to the hospital, leaving me to assume his lazy ass just didnt want to take care of a sick baby  because shes cranky and needs wants attention  if he wants to play daddy to sumone elses kids, i thought it about time to give him a dose of what being a real daddy meant    "
"hates my kids dad with a passion, he and his girlfriend totally need to grow up    @ hospital w rylee, he bailed   typical dead beat dad syndrome sad "
"up w rylee bug, wasnt able to wrk today cuz i have to monitor her, she is lots happier but still a lil war, frm time to time    enjoyin it bein just me and her"
"@ wrk, rylee threw a fit when i dropped her off today     some days are good, others bad     poor baby  sad "
"is so tired of ppl tryin to make me do what they say, this just in: i am just as grown as they r, i am intitled to my own opinion, and i will not change my mind! if u cant deal with that    well sucks for you"
"yay off wrk, and kids wont b home until six, gonna lay up n relax   "
"@ home w  my babies, bathtime soon, beaumont n morning, then to wrk for a bit after"
"good morning, off to dps office soon, then wrk, its payday smile "
"just got an oil change, going to enjoy the peace and quiet for a couple of hours smile "
"@ work, gonna b a long slow day"
"coffee!!! so damn tired     two more days then i am off, gettin <propfemale> this evening smile "
drinkin beer smile 
"the things ppl will do to have a good time      smile  gonna b a rough mornin @ wrk, i will make it tho smile "
oh cant wait to c my bed n back of my eyelids
crusin' silsbee smile  the lightining is amazing!
damn y tha police got to pull everyone over when they just crusin silsbee! lol     some badass vehicles out smile 
"@ work, my back hurts sad      hopin this day flies by so i can spend some time w  my <propfemale>, thinkin bout happy meals n lumberton <propfemale> i get off"
"whew finally  off work      and       i don\t work tomorrow!!!!  smile """
"wow     finally hitting the bed! so tired, but the fun i have is so worth it  smile  they say you only live once right?! lol     nighty night"
"fixing to take rylee to the doctor     blah!!!! been cleaning house, more cleaning when i get back    whoo hoo, a day off and i am still cleaning my ass off! lol"
everyone else is commenting on the weather so i figured i should too     lol     it feels awesome!  smile 
damn this day went by too fast!!
"well this makes the third time today that lil miss rylee has put her shoes on, and gotten the feet right!!  smile "
"supper is over, now it is bedtime!!!!!!! for the kids anyway =p"
"off work again today, but i get to take feces samples to the doctor for my little girl    loads of fun    hope they give me some answers finally"
"ugh, so waiting to register @ the hospital     the lab closes @ 6    i so hope this isnt a wasted trip    i wanna kno whats wrong w  my rylee bug"
"so yea my daughter just took her diaper off, waited till she got to the kitchen and number 2'd on the floor!!!! wtf?! her diaper is still fresh and clean     lol     they never cease to amaze me!"
@ wrk    another day another dollar smile     so rylee has food allergies and i get to hunt em down    i am open for suggestions on where to start   
'theres a price for keepin me    i might b cheap but i aint free  '
so yea the freakin girl wrkin @ tha tannin salon sooo didnt listen when i said 10 minutes!!! havent been burnt like this in years!! sad 
@ wrk     hope today goes by fast     thank god tannin beds burn heal almost overnight
"is very frustated cause  my child wants to bite everyone she can, and thinks it is funny     daycare sent her home   "
"@ wrk, off tomorrow     gonna take kids to the park, going to visit <propfemale> after i get off    yay    goin to b a great wkend"
only a few more hrs left      yay smile  so ready to b off and enjoy the day     it is so pretty
finally off!! it is 5 o' clock somewhere right?!?! lol
"ugh i cant seem to wake up fully, and the day os almost gone  sad       slowly getting the house clean tho"
"@ tha park, so is everyone else n their momma, what was i thinking lol"
"kids r bathing, then eatin supper n off to bed     yay"
"rylee has fever yet again     damn child stays sick, hoping it passes swiftly"
"hoping today flies by, still trying to wake up!!"
life just keeps getting better and better  smile 
@ wrk     need more coffee!! so excited bout nxt wk    or mayb tha one after that    just kno it is coming smile 
i like it locked in the car!
"@ wrk, its payday  smile "
almost pay time smile      ready for saturday    
"i thought about it    and decided im versatile: i like it locked in the car, on the door knob, on the floor beside my bed, on the dresser, on the table     depends on the day     but my favorite place i like it seems to be the car    "
"@ wrk, hope it goes by fast!! im off tomorrow     yay!!  smile      got a lot on my mind     wish certain people were not such a**holes   "
"attention: saturday and sunday: $5 pony rides!!! bring your little ones!!! parking lot  across from bealls n family dollar shopping center in silsbee texas, next to snow cone stand  weight limit is 100lbs  hope to see yall there!!  smile "
"yay for friday   drinkin, got my girlies     great night     gonna get into somethin after they all go nighty nite"
$5 pony rides across from bealls shopping center!!!!!
"ugh, worn out from pony rides  great turn out though, back to wrk n the morning, but the day is still young     hmm wut to do"
"omg, nooooo sleep n goin to wrk      wowzers     gonna b a rough one, i will make it tho    lol"
"ok to clarify my lack of sleep:  i was dealing with sick kids, that tends to happen     so anyone who wants to kno, all they need to do is ask   "
"day is almost over,     lots to do this evening!! always so much to do with so little time     blah"
"blah, wrkin     ready for lunch lol    "
"home, yay     relaxation for a split second, then i will be on the road again, roundin up the children     lol    off thursday!!! got appointments tho"
"just got done with ice cream sundays  smile  now kids are bathing and then they are off to bed, eureka!!! too bad i don't have a book to read    "
omg need more coffee     lol     thank goodness im off tomorrow
miss my long hair  sad      dear hair: please grow quickly!!!
"for evry 99 times, u looked me n the eye, u look me n tha eye n swore u werent lyin, well i was so blind, i never saw the signs   im gettinn out tonite n ur not invited"
"off to take the kiddos to the dentist, then hopefully jessalyns glasses get fixed!!!!"
i hate    hate    hate beaumont!!!!!  hate it i tell ya!!! sheesh!!!!
"@ wrk      wonderin if \he\"" going to take time out his partying to see the girls     highly doubtful     his loss lol"""
6 1\\2 - 7 inches      sad 
6 1\\2 - 7 inches sad 
"blah day is over     had a ball though with my kids n my lil buddies, we rode ponies n watched cartoons b pigged out on pb n j and chips n snack cakes     yay     luv ya syd n nay"
"' my best friend gave me the best advice     he said each days a gift, not a givin right     so leave no stone unturned    leave ur fears behind    '"
almost time to go home!!!
almost bed time  smile  kids r bathed n fed     house is clean     yay my wrk here is done
@ work     think the kids have gotten me sick  sad 
"\lonely women make good lovers     \"""""
"blah     time to hit the hay     wrk tomorrow     if only \they\"" would go to sleep!!!!"""
tomorrow is the big day  smile  so excited!!! need more coffee rite now!!!
whoo hoo    work in the morning    class at 9     then more work after class!!! yay
bed time     zzzz     smile 
time to study!!!
"this is going to take some getting used to, going to have to shuffle some things around      annoyed "
took first exam      excited      think i made a 100
made a 100 on my test      whoo hoo
"in class, then work"
givin baths then studying
"i just wanna b alone tonight, i just wanna take a little breather"
"well screwed over again, hope they r happy, what am i goin to do? not a damn thing     <propfemale> can b a bigger bitch than i ever thought of being"
"~you have 2 choices in life     you can stay single & b miserable, or get married & wish you were dead!~"
@ school takin tests      karyoke tonite     yay
no karyoke for me tonight  sad  i have to b @ wrk at 6 n the a m      dadgum responsibilities
to the ppl who cant keep my name out of their mouths     thanks for making me the center of your world  smile  i feel so loved     lol
"my life couldnt be better!!!!, i got monday thru friday, 6-2, weekends off, going to have loads of time for my babies  smile "
is trick or treat saturday or sunday
"whoo hoo, goin to the rodeo!!!  smile "
happy halloween!!!  smile 
whew last night was awesome! kids had a blast and now im @ wrk n exhausted! lol
wondering why certain people are so dagum stupid!!!!
oooohhh waaayyy early!!! final exam after wrk today!!! prayin i pass!!!
"oh man can't wait    two more days n i am off  so tired, but diggin the new job, missin' my <propfemale>  maybe one day ppl will grow up and realize we deserve to see one another  mommy loves you <propfemale>!!!!"
almost bedtime  hooray!  smile 
"is amazed at the vast number of ignorant people there are living in this one town! all i can say is, \wow!\"""""
fears she has caught a cold from her children!  sad  ugh this sucks!
"off today! got the last laugh too! people want to think they know it all, when they are actually pretty ignorant! still love my <propfemale>! one day i pray certain people grow the hell up!!! till then i will just bide my precious time! love my girlies!"
thinkin bout goin out       could use a beer
damn      rip <propmale>!!!
blah     day is almost over     got to go c how much my ticket is after wrk  sad 
"gonna b tired, but banking come pay day  smile     12 days n a row, 2 of which are 16 hr days     here i come!"
is at logans roadhouse
goin to bed     <propfemale> tired
i loathe <propfirst> <propmale> carter's existance & anyone elses who thinks it funny keeping <propfemale> from me! <propfemale> is a bitch!!!
"well my 16 hr day turned into a 19 hr day, rylee has been puking since 3 a m   sad  getting ready for work, hope she is going to be okay"
will this day ever end?!?! lol
well sooo ready for bed     and i hear rylee whining     go figure     lets pray she returns to dream-land soon!
what was i thinkin?!
"\why does it have to b wrong or right     why do we have to hurt one to love another?     someone plz tell me why    \"""""
so what is a grown person supposed to do when they vomit in my bathtub?!? clean the shit up!!!! soooo aggravated!!
has a huemungo migraine now!
being sick sucks
the week is almost over!  smile 
hates <propfirst> & evryone else who thinks talkin shit about me to <propfemale> is funny!!! so seriously thinkin its time to move to florida!!!!
mommy loves u <propfemale>!!!!! always     takes more than a sperm or egg doner to be a parent!!!
"ahh bedtime, my favorite time of the day  smile "
'my give a damn's busted!'
almost nighty night time  smile      one more day     then im off the wkend    
tgif!! hope today goes by fast!  smile 
"blah so tired, kids r gone, party tonite and sleep the rest of the wkend"
"blah      drank too much, but was so much fun!  smile "
"watchin <propmale> hex, been an awesome wkend, sry it has to end     back to wrk monday"
"whaaaa hooo, great night tonite!!!!    loads of fun!!!!"
"off to work, its just a never ending cycle lol"
"the day is almost over      yippie     its also payday, boy what a double whammy of awesomeness"
"truth be told i miss you, truth be told im lying, when u see my face hope it gives u hell smile "
"have u ever known anyone that had 432 eggs in their house at one time? come meet my mom, she will have that many tomorrow!!!!!"
yay for tuesday lol     four more days then the wkend!  smile 
"\i got lost in this ol' world and forgot who i am    \"""""
bottle of wine     n finally rented the movie grown ups       smile     it was so damn hard to find
'oh lord wont u buy me a <propfemale> benz'
"wednesday means the week is half over! wkend get here, i want to play @ the park w  my girls!  smile "
so     i actually met someone who isnt from around here! thank god  smile 
happy turkey day! gobble gobble!  smile 
"cant wait for this day to be over, ready for my days off!"
"off wrk, bak to wrk at 10 n the pm tonite     im sooo gettin some beer tomorrow nite!!"
hi ho hi ho its off to wrk i go      gonna b a long night
"im gonna have a caffeine overload, after i crash from lack of sleep, lol     almost over, thank u"
"blah, feel like a lazy saturday today, time for a beer soon"
time to clean     then beer and a bonfire     mayb
finally got my beer!  smile  gonna be a rockin night
"so been a lazy day, still in my pj's  smile      drinkin' the cold one's i didn't make it to last night  dreading having to put up all the damn laundry i washed! think i will drink a few more before i start     lol"
"i need a massage, my left shoulder n neck are killing me"
"beer, pizzaa, and rented the e playful endables     wrk in the a m "
"boy is it ever a monday, sooo ready to crawl back n bed"
"whaaa hoo, almost quittin time  smile  , four more days, and then its the wkend"
almost bedtime     hooray
"last day of november, damn this yr has flown by, ryylee turns two in cpl wks     they grow up sooo fast"
holy wow! my house is empty!!! what should i do?!?!  smile 
is wondering    
"had an amazing night, watched my all time favorite movie     grease!  smile  off to work  thank god it is wednesday! excited bout this weekend!  smile "
"wrkin till five    , ready for a hot shower and bed!"
"so my lil sis juss got a pogo stick for her bday, juss bounced my bottom off! how cool is tthat?! a pogo stick!!!  smile "
"off to work, feeling really blah today"
"ahhh off work, and tomorrow is friday!  smile "
is watching the dukes of hazard (the old school series)
"so     ya its friday, and im plannin on spendin the wkend with \him\""      hope it goes well   """
gettin new furniture smile 
"been a hell of a day, and tomorrow is monday, double bummer! lol"
"well woo hoo for mondays, blah lol     still lovin my furniture!!"
"yay its pay day, ugh also <propmale> pay day lol"
"this day is almost over, yay    "
"ready for the day to b over, and it has only begun     blah"
"ok so ya evryone keeps playn this damn number ggame, now i wanna play lol     send me some <propfirst> smile "
"0509    well i have known you pretty much your whole life, i cant believe how much you have grown, youre beautiful n made a beautiful family     yall were all like my little sisters, i love you n always will, hope to c u soon smile "
"0220: god how i miss you! it seems like it has been forever, i really wish we could have had more time to spend together, mayb now that we are grown it will b easier to stay in touch  <propfemale> is beautiful, n we love u both forever n ever"
"#2000: wow   , boy has it been a while! im glad to see you're doing alright, and you have beautiful children  i know we didnt know another all that well, kinda different back then, me having been a 'annoying' teenie-bopper friend of your younger step-sibling     lol,  but from what i gathered     you are a ok  smile  keep it up!"
"#784, well i think u r one of my best friends, no matter how many times we lost contact, we always managed to run into one another lol     im so happy for u, your family is beautiful, well    u got the scrooge     lol     naw but your kids r juss too darn cute, we have had some hellacious times, and cheers to many more yrs of doing so smile  love ya, gonna come c u soon"
"4754, u little <propfemale> r too big for ur britches!  smile  geez, i remeber u runnin round n diapers, you were annoying but adorable then    teeheehee     but youve grown into quite a beautiful young woman  im so proud of u, miss u, love u, i always thought of u as my lil sister too, so behave or ill come beat ya lol     i needa come see yall"
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, i want some <propfirst> lol     so ya rylee sick, story of my life    "
"#101: well i havent seen you in years! you look great  smile  i always loved the way ur name was spelled  u r a pretty cool chick, we didnt <propfemale> much, but we had sum fun n recordkeeping     i believe it was, keep ya head up n keep doin what u do  smile "
"#1970, you are truly one of a kind, u have more snakes as pets than i have seen in my whole life  lol, but i suppose it soots you    you are also very funny, caring, and sweet, glad you are my friend, we should chitty chat more frequently"
"#420: well we haven't known one another too terribly long, but you're a funny guy, a total smart ass lol, but it's cool cause i am too! lol     i think we are going to get along quite well     and you will be taking the kid approval test soon lol, but im tellin you, its harder than you think"
"#1992: lol u r also like my little sister, and you have grown up so beautifully, i remember babysitting you, that is just crazy, i love you and know i need to come see all of yall, i will soon, behave"
"9318: well if u dnt kno how much u mean by now, u never will     im glad we remained friends after some of the stuff we endured, and im happy to see you have a wonderful life  we should <propfemale> out soon, well i love ya     have a great day"
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> lol"
"'sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile, the precious moments are all lost in the tide, yea'   "
"well well     tgif! ready for the wkend, been a long n hectic week     une playful ected happening to family, at wrk, and in life can drive a person close to insanity at times  smile "
at my girls birthday party n all i can say is: pink panties rock!  smile      partyy hardy ppl!!!
"hangin w  my dad n grandpa, love my family     they r the ones u can always depend on smile "
"thank god it is almost bedtime  smile , ready for some peace n quiet"
"@ wrk, two more days of these long hrs, then come sunday, im sleepin all day!"
"4 more hrs, then round two starts!"
so the ending to today is the most humiliating moment of my life thus far  why didnt i see it coming     
happy birthday rylee!!!! shes the big 2!  smile 
"@ work,  ready for six a m      been a rough weekend"
almost quittin time!  smile 
"well its monday, yay, four more days n im off"
so im thinkn bout goin christmas caroling  smile  any one want me to come sing to them?! teeheehee
"ugh, been a rough day already!!! ready to get home n watch easy a n salt!"
"man im so tired, happy that its wednesday     happy holidays everyone"
"@ wrk, 2 p m  tomorrow plz hurry lol"
9 more hours     oh man i cant wait    soooo tired!!!
"well the day is half over, thank goodness"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
"blahdy blah, it is sundau, means wrk again tomorrow! such a shame!  smile "
the wkends go by way too fast! @ wrk      shoulder is hurtin sumthin feirce
"'and there are voices that want to be heard, so much to mention, but you cant find the words      listen to your heart'"
"'but now i see that tryin to change you, only changed me'"
the day is half way over     yay    
thank god its friday!     happy new years <propfemale>! 2011 here we come!
"the day is halfway over!  smile , gotta get home n put up all those cotton pickn clothes on my bed  sad "
"'hes the devil in disguise, a snake w  blue eyes, and he only comes out at night,      u better run for your life'"
"well off to work again, hope tomorrow flies by!"
"takin a break, sittin outside, amd listenin' to the rain  it sounds like a bunch of little waterfalls smile "
"one shift almost over, one more to go    "
"ugh, soooo ready for my bed! come on 2 o clock!"
"still sleepy, think ima take another nap <propfemale> i get off"
yay tomorrow is payday and friday!  smile 
"' shes dyin to try somethin foolish, to do somethin crazy, or just get away, oh somethin for herself for a change     is there life out there    '"
almost quittin time!! waahhhooo
"'mayb its time to change, leave it all behind, ive never been one to walk alone, was always too scared to try'"
"i hate the dr office, it always takes forever     "
@ wrk again
"work, work, work, all i seem to do anymore,     "
the day is almost over     
"income tax is right around the corner! hooray, so ready for it!"
ugh     mondays     what else needs to be said lol
"ok, just a quick poll, how many of u real men think its ok to sleep w  15 & 16 yr olds? women i would love ur input as well      so sad what this world has to come to accept    "
"blah, its such a muggy day, should b curled up n bed, but im wrkn like always lol, come on saturday"
"made it to wednesday,     3 more days, im so tired and seriously need to clean some house    "
"one shift down, a half a shift to go,     so ready for the wkend"
"thank goodness the week is almost over,    "
omg! so very happy it is finally friday!!!
"bout to bounce up out this place, dnt have to come back for two days!! hell yea smile "
"its saturday, and im still in my pjs     just awesome  smile "
almost paycheck time!  smile 
well its monday again     boo!!
"'really enjoy his company, been a long time since ive been treated with so much respect, its a nice feeling'"
"yay, wednesday is over, two more days and im off, got to catch some zzz so i can start wrkn my butt off again"
kids are bout to lay down and so am i  smile 
its friday and my day is almost over     well my wrk day at least
oh yay     two days off     i am n serious need of it      smile 
going to watch my lil' sistaas bball game     they have won every game thus far     good job <propfemale>  smile 
blah     last day off      bummer lol
'i guess i should ave been more like her     i should have held on to my pride     i should have never let yo lie   '
all i want to do is be more like me and be less like you      ive become so numb     tired of being what you want me to be    \\nfacetious*bytch
had a pretty swell day  smile      ugh tomorrow is monday     five more days and then the weekend lol
well its monday morning     kids woke up in a good mood    so today may be a pretty good day after all     wrk this am     kids dentist and eye doc this pm     busy busy day
glad today is over    
must b so easy to stunt like a pimp when u dont step up & take care of your kids      he may b smilin now    but i will end up with the last laugh    bet
no one knows what its like    
well its wednesday      off to bmt n a couple hrs     kids to the dentist n eye doc     really dreading the next couple of days     the weather is going to be awful    everyone be careful on the roads!
fffffreezing!!!
wasnt as cold as i e playful ected this mornin     happy it is thursday     ready for the wkend    
the snow has started     how cool     lets hope it picks up eh
ugh it is so damn cold     one more day
its yearning for something more     and its red
ugh      just got dressed     still tired lol
yay barbque     horseshoes     beer     good ol times
lets go steelers
damn fergie     wtf     talk bout butchering a good song!
no more live performances frm the blackeyed peas please     least usher sounds a little better    i do mean a little
yup      its definitely a monday morning      but payday as well     yippie
finally got kids to lay quietly     yay     
ugh      its only tuesday lol    paranormal activity 2 in the pm  smile 
got my movie and my wine      smile  i foresee a wonderful evening
well the movie was pretty creepy     just cracked the second bottle of wine     rylee is sleeping and the rest of us are watching carebears    
so cant wait to get off     im gettn my tannin membership back  smile  and gettn my eyebrows done     lookin forward to this summer    
evry second counts cause theres no second tries     u kno its never too late to  shoot for the stars     regaurdless of who you are
well watched easy a     drank a little wine      ready to get these two days over so i can visit with old friend(s)     gonna b a rockin weekend  smile 
at wrk     happy it is thursday but feels like a monday     think im gettn sick again    ugh
ugh today is dragging by     im feeling worse and worse     still got cleaning to do when i get home     blah     clothes r so aggrivating lol     two o clock     come on
well it is friday      and ready for this day to be over
if u fall for me     im not easy to please    i might tell you a lie     ill tell u from the start     im only gonna break break your break break your heart
when i watched you walk away    well i never thought id say im fine without you     we were never meant to be together    
washing clothes   about to shower    then off to tan     then the girls and i are off to christens      yay
chilling at christens with the girlies    
"\i wish that i could have this moment for life     cause in this moment i just feel so alive\"""""
"\im turin over a new leaf     gonna get myself in gear\""     ironicly i gained some inner peace by making that decision  smile """
just finished mcdonalds     bout to curl up in the living room with my girlies and watch nanny mcphee returns  smile 
the day is half over     then off to tan and take my class     woo hoo     lol
it is wednesday      smile 
im done thinkin that you could ever change    i kno my heart will never be the same    but even on my weakest days     i get a little bit stronger  smile 
morning went smoothly     ready for lunch     then off to tan and a spa party!  smile 
oh what a morning    rylee has a fever!  sad       lets hope i can break it so we can go see <propfemale>!
one dwn for the night    layn n bed with lil red watchin family guy
just woke up     wonder what to do today
had a blast last night    exceeded my alcohol intake limit     and had my lovely rylee wake me up bright and early    
now im in kountze     booooo! i want my bed! lol
my prayers go out to the families involved in the accident on 327    
gettin a cd player installed in my car    finally!!
new stereo     new speakers     yay    now bout to eat supper and lay down and watch a movie    
ugh     the dr office is packed and i believe we are in for a long wait     
its a little too late     to say that ur sry now     u showed me nothin but hate    u ran me into the ground    but what goes around comes around     u dnt hurt me no more
ugh the dr office again
ready for somethin to eat
stuffed     i ate a foot long sub     can u say i was hungry lol
im so happy it is friday      ready for a couple days off     got housework that needs doing and thinking of something fun to do with the kids this wkend    
i get so tired of living like this     i dnt have the time and neither do my friends    to stay up all night to pull me through    and find things to keep my mind off of you     so tell me what do you want from me    
i got to see my baby girl <propfemale> the past 2 days    they were the greatest days in my life in a while! so happy      ready for a great week of work! starting tonight at ten      annoyed 
ugh     at work     already yawning lol     hope evryone sleeps well cause im not lol
blah     really wishing i was cuddled in my bed with my babies     i hope the next shift goes by a bit faster!
almost through     just a few more hours     i think i can     i think i can     choo choo lol
waiting for daycare to open     then off to wrk      going to have a great day
well at wrk again     weekend plans are as follows: 1  sleep 2  depends on when number one is complete lol
well only nine more hours to go      going to need a load of caffine
at wrk      thank goodness its friday thouggh     mardi gra bound sumtime this wkend     yay
"\what do u say    in a moment like this    when u cant find the words     to tell it like it is     just close ur eyes and let ur heart lead the way    \"""""
blah     wish i could disappear for a while sometimes
good as i was to you    is this the thanks i get    are all the years we shared    so easy to forget     so i guess this means youve won     are you finally having fun    
think i finally found my strength to get up and leave    no more broken heart for me    no more telln ur lies to me     i got my head on right and now i see    no more givin u evrything     there no more of me runnin bak to u
at the dentist     then rylee to the doc     job interview n the a m      my face is killing me
ugh face still lookn like a golf ball tryna burst out my jaw  annoyed \    n im ready to get out this dr office     rylee gettn fussy fussy    
watchin a movie     my face is still hurting rlly bad n i think its gotten a little bigger  sad 
in bmt     going to visit some friends when im done    
had a pretty good day    shopped    got most of jessalyns bday decor     ate mexican and had a <propfemale>    went with my sis to her dr appt    saw my lil neice or nephew  smile      then came home n watched movies    
my face is finally going down      so glad     had a pretty unproductive day today lol     at a job interview     fingers crossed tightly
well start the new job in the morning     excited     layn it dwn n watchin sum movies     hope to see <propfemale> this weekend
bright eyed n bushy tailed  smile      gettin ready for wrk    going to be an awesome day!!!
<propfemale> sinkable ships sink     <propfemale> breakable walls break    sometimes the things you think will never happen     happen just like that    ive learned to never <propfemale>der estimate the impossible
at the <propfemale> for a chili cookoff     yippie
too many years ive done paid the price     why u gotta put all this drama n my life    
another day another dollar
think ima get me another tat     
ok so this is how much my luck sucks    i got here    got a ticket    walked outside    n missed my number drawn     wtf
wahhooo here i go
man oh man!! that sh** hurt!!!! but was so worth it! i had a blast with my bestie!!  now i just wish i could fall asleep    still love my job  smile 
work was  awesome    my tatoo is throbbing lol      had a wonderful day!!!
at wrk      dentist tomorrow     yikes    but i get a three day wkend     wahoo
happy st patties day everyone!     i have a three day wkend!  smile      but a tooth being pulled today   annoyed \
ok    when you get a tooth pulled     someone should definitely warn you about a drooling problem that may or may not occur! lol     im so hiding out for the next 24 hrs at least!
lmao     so apparently i have never been to a junk yard before     it is definitely an e playful erience     looks just like in the movies! haha
went n tanned     now its nap time     house cleaning later    
'and i know i may end up failing too     but i know that you were just like me with someone disappointed in you      ive become so numb    so much more aware'
had a fun filled day    fishing and a little swimming at the river     now the park with my sisters some friends and the kids
well im callin it a night     kids are asleep     we had an awesome day! it was so much fun!
got a lot of cleaning acomplished     still have a lot more to do though  annoyed \     hanging with <propfemale>     work n the a m 
well stayin the night with my girl     havent seen her in a minute     kids r finally asleep    now we layin dwn to watch switch n hit the hay     ready for the week ahead     yay
man it is extremely foggy this mornin
oh what a day    wrk was awesome     been laughin my booty off at stuff goin on at home    
waaahoo the facebook springer episode of my family has begun
headin to wrk     got some house cleanin to do after     ready to see what the day holds!
i could b mean i could b angry     u know i could b just like u     i could b fake    i could b stupid    u thought u were standing beside me     u were only n my way      ur wrong if u think that ill b just like u!  smile 
kids are down!!! wahoo    who is awesome?! me! lmao     now movies and my food certification test for work     ready for the weekend!!
work was awesome! karyoke tonight and then again on saturday! yay!!
glad to b off     rylee is sick     yippie      annoyed \      my feet r killing me but i had a blast last night      off till monday    what to do?!
ugh     lookn like gonna b n bmt all day     bummer
iloathe hospitals!  annoyed \ but at least we are in the back     hope they can tell me what is wrong with rylee     i am so tired of everything i own being covered in puke    
oh man what a hangover      beer pong hurt me! was a blast though lol
is wondering who comes up with television names     umizoomi     bubble guppies     wow     currently watching bubble guppies     jessalyns new favorite show     lucky me eh
i dont like thinking before i speak     i prefer to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth! haha
who do u think u are     running around leaving scars    your gonna catch a cold from the ice thats in your soul
rylee is down! nap time? i think so!     really wish she would get better      annoyed     
blah     still cleaning     bout to feed kiddos and lay them down     think i am going to finish my book
ugh ugh ugh     im visitin bmt far too much these days
hamburgers for supper    yummy     picture day tomorrow     and back to work for me     thank god
im so excited     going to b a great week     get to spend some time with my little girl this week!
yay bak to wrk     n my lil red has been nominated to be tested for gt classes! i am so proud!
no one asked for  life to deal us    with these b******t  hands we're dealt      we gotta take these cards ourselves and flip em    dont e playful ect no help
off to wrk    
if people want to talk trash    maybe they should know the facts nefore they start
ugh      just another day in paradise!
too many years i done paid the price    why u gotta put all this drama in my life
off to wrk      takin kids to school    
ima pick tha world up and ima drop it on they $@#&n head!
"\lately i've been hard to reach     i've been too long on my own    everybody has their private world    where they can be alone    \"""""
pretty as a picture    sweeter than a swisher     mad cause im cuter than the girl thats with ya    
all eyes on me when i walk in     dnt question that this girls a ten     my walk my talk     the way i dress    
wrk at eleven      all the way till nine tonight      sheesh    
finally off wrk     off to tan     then housewrk     
take me     ttttake me     i wanna b a victim     i wanna feel affection    
ugh      up and gettn ready for the day      want to sleep more
whew that shower was so refreshing
off to wrk    
at the baseball field      <propmale> n <propmale> both playin     yay for being off     thinkn some beer later sounds pretty swell
ugh     lalalala      just dunno what to do anymore    
if it makes u happy    it cant b that bad     if it makes u happy     then why the hell r u so sad
i really loathe laundry     so many clothes for only a cpl people     lol
headn in to wrk     kindergarten registration for jessalyn this evening     yay
off to wrk n a cpl hrs     enjoyn tha silence    
"\ i don't care anymore if i let you down    i believe that i need to be free    im so used to my life with you around    i dont know anymore the real me    \"""""
rip <propfirst>! you will be missed     my condolences go out to all his family and friends!
when someone shows you who they are      believe them!!!
home sweet home     wrk was so slow     happy easter everyone     im hitting the bed    
layin it down     work tomorrow
funny    how time goes by    and a blessing can be    missed in the wink of an eye    if i could turn    turn back the hands of time    
lord im twisted     i feel the stresses hangin on me     all the pain in my family     they all depend on me    
first run in with daily cash     it was fun    lol     tanned n now off to nap     wrk this afternoon
home    wrk was     lets just hope tomorrow is better    up at five to head bak to wrk     im so going to sleep now!
wow five o clock came early    
think its nap time     this week is so exhausting     but so going to be worth it !  smile 
so much on my mind     people and their hypocritical ways never cease to amaze me      i kno what i am     and what my family means to me     i suggest such persons heed those words    
even on my weakest day     i get a little bit stronger    
crawfish     and beer c     one heck of a great time
happy birthday to my baby girl <propfemale>     mommy loves you!
omg    my mom and sister are in dispute over flop flip thievery!! lmfao
calling it a night!!! been a long day    
nobodys perfect     you live and you learn it     
no wrk     no kids    found out my car isnt near the total price to fix i though it would be     and best of all     got to see my girl!!! today has been one of the best days in my life!!!!!!! really needed one of them!!!
"best song ever,                                                                                                      \ it's my baby daddy      he be always broke\",b69a43941899a0432983a8c50331f4cb,just walk away make it easy on urself    just walk away    please relase me from this hell    just walk away    theres nothing left to feel
cause im a gummibear    
up and gettn ready for wrk      glad its only an hr     lmao     miss my car!
happy birthday jessalyn!!! also i got my car!!!!!!! thank goodness for great family!! i love you sissy!!!!!!!!!  smile 
my give a damn is busted     has been for a while now
just walk away      pretend that none of this is real    
