79a2948b430a9f7523e67811862c5979
i don't know about everyone else but i think it's about time we went back to school
i don't know what to do with my life right now
"for all you nerds out there, the original perfect darc came out for the 360 as an arcade game "
"is going to basic military training on may 25   yeah, i get to go through hell ten days after graduating high school "
mtac is over  smile  time for sleep
i know i'm gonna miss blackman high 
has ten days until leaving for basic training
is leaving for basic in 5 days 
tomorrow's the day  the day that symbolizes the beginning of my adult life   the day i go through hell  the day i learn true teamwork and patriotism   ohh what a day 
the day is here   it is time to leave   good bye friends 
i'm back  or at least for a couple hours   it feels nice to be a civilian again 
"well it's been a long two months, a very long two months, but i'm finally out of basic training   this doesn't mean i'm going back home yet   i still need to go to tech school to actually learn my job   i'll back home some time in october "
hopefully i should have internet access to be able to communicate 
"what's wrong with you people! quit liking my status, i have been isolated  from society  i want to hold something that resembles a conversation "
"so what's up with all my friends?  do you guys have jobs and have plans for college or anything ? or are most of you still on your bums playing games and watching tv,"
"now that i'm done ranting, nighty night  i need to catch up on some sleep "
"i  am an american airman \i am a warrior \i have answered my nations call"
that's what i've been missing!!!   i haven't had ramen noodles in three months!  taxi!  taxi!
yes!  i finally have my laptop back!
i finally get the freedom to do what i want when i want   and what do i do?  i take a nap 
yes!  i never have to see that forsaken hair curl again! life has gotten a lot better 
i am an american airman
"yeah, i gave blood for the first time   i even have the sticker to prove it "
good night thursday
hello saturday
is happy and content with his life right now 
lol   my birthday's on thursday   i almost forgot about it 
you know what   after the two most stressful months in my life i've realized something   all my life i've been in a learning classroom environment   most people couldn't wait to leave this behind them   well after those two months i'm placed right back in a classroom to learn   and i found it is one of the most familiar and comforting places i have ever been 
"life and the universe truly is vast and amazing, so immense and oddly connected "
i had to run three <propmale> today with a cramp in my gut   now it feels like a bruise cause i went all that way toughing the pain 
"rabble, ramble, and what not "
you couldn't hide for long reach
yes!!!  i have conquered my connection!
here i am once again waiting for pizza
"what to do, what to do?"
one day i may rule the world of tomorrow 
wazzup!
"blah blah, blahblah blahblah, blah blahblahblah   blah!"
you know what   i could make a pretty good author   i could be a good artist too   i know i have the talent for both of them   unfortunately i'm not willing to invest the time to develop either of these talents   so i wonder    will my talents go to waste?
ahh what to do   another weekend has come and is about to go by 
what should i do this fine weekend?
" sad   \i miss my dog, i haven't seen him in five months "
another weekend with nothing to do
tomorrow   
i'm so close to home now   i'm waiting in the airport waiting for the plane to come in 
home sweet home
dude  colorado is awesome
is the snow sticking in tennessee yet?
