ce075cf0f98dd242b3880f4abdf7ae06
solution! awesome    gotta wait however 
"these tribal designes i'm making are coming out perfect!  surprise , i like tribal  and yes i'm creating an awesome one for me "
"holy hell, it's been a long time since i've been on a computer!  laugh "
fuck this hunk a' junk machine  i need a good computer 
artist previously alive <propmale> cobain born 1967: 1+9+6+7=23  died 1994: 1+9+9+4=23 
has to go to work  fun 
"come on run away  you don't have to stay  were nearly out of time, but your doing fine  so stay on track, and don't look back  just feel the pace, come on now race!!!! everybodys super sonic racing! try to keep your feet right on the ground! when your sup"
starving  23
 sigh
"it is often the bigger choices we make, that define us as people "
"we learn to think about everything, and then we train our eyes to look as we think about the things we look at  we look at ourselves already thinking that we are important  and therefore we've got to feel important! but then when a man learns to see, he realizes that he can no longer think about the things he looks at, and if he cannot think about what he looks at everything becomes unimportant "
"will is something very clear and powerful which can direct our acts  will is something a man uses, for instance, to win a battle which he, by all calculations, should lose  it is not what we call courage  courage is something else  men of courage are    dependable men, <propmale> men perennially surrounded by people who flock around them and admire them; yet very few men of courage have will  "
gotta go to work     bummer   annoyed 
i'm so sleepy    yawn     !
"we <propfemale> on an internal talk  we talk about our world  in fact we maintain our world with our internal talk  whenever we finish talking to ourselves the world is always as it should be  we renew it, we kindle it with life, we uphold it with our internal talk  not only that, but we also choose our paths as we talk to ourselves  thus we repeat the same choices over and over until the day we die "
"in order to find the proper place to rest all one has to do is to cross the eyes  the technique takes years to perfect  it consists of gradually forcing your eyes to see separately the same image  the lack of image conversion entails a double perception of the world; this double perception allows one the opportunity of judging changes in the surroundings, which the eyes are ordinarily incapable of perceiving "
ipod touch is nearly in my grasp   laugh 
i need to change my photo 
screw getting up early   yawn and then chopping weeds
i'm bored 
so     sleepy  ugh!
nothing interesting going on  bored  sitting here 
so     so sleepy  *yawn*
"headed to work, fun "
time to get ready for work  i'm so sleepy   laugh  all the time!
i always wake up late    i think i'm in the twilight zone  dun dun dun duuuunnnn
i'm hungry   smile 
today is gonna be another good day  if all goes right   annoyed ;;
"my x-box finally died  cainan, <propfirst>    that thing lasted 4 years   annoyed  now, its got the worst console disease of all     the red rings of death  take a moment of silence for that hunnk a' junk          "
slipknot - psychosocial
"roses are red, violets are blue     zzzzzzzzzzzz"
ninja turtles ftw! i got the 4pk movie box! i remember thsoe days!  laugh 
pow!
go forth and die! - dethklok
"cainan, i heard a spanish lady took your ball away!! lmao    noob"
music    =     awesome  (no rap)
bleh        
"i'm hungry     i need pizza, spaghetti, grilled cheese, pancakes, eggs, biscuits and gravy, burgers, burritos, macaroni and cheese, cheesecake, and     eggnog"
> > it actucally dosen't feel like my bday
"hello, hello, hello, how low?"
 surprise 
this drawing isn't coming out as well as i'd like it to    perhaps i should restart it  (presses reset button)
"omg, saw 2 girls, 1 cup  i wanna just throw up  dammit jesus"
> > i hate people  2012 needs to happen in 2010
"good bye <propmale>, i hope to see you again one day   crying "
this tribal is awesome  i've got to throw up a coupel finishing touches    lol i'm all prowd of it!!!!
i'm bored  should i draw    or something? i think so! > laugh  time for modovational music!
un-bored me       sigh uh
> > i'm sleepy
"hungry, as always   laugh  i never get fat, its great!"
"ha! it's almost complete! all i have to do now, is make a kick-ass background for it  debating between: <propfemale> clouds (really gray), and ice storm theme, or fire  or a mixture of ice and fire    like the background is fire, and the iceacles fade from its nature blue to the redness of the fire towards the background "
"back and forth - <propfirst> brion  this song is hard to find  for those of you who don't know what its from, its from step brothers  when <propmale> and <propfirst> get kicked out and act like adults  i cannot find this song for the life of me "
so     bored    
zomg    wow and their damn fixes     this is taking forever   annoyed 
sdf'klg wink fjs
i'm cold  surprise 
aion    +
"ever heard of a multi-universe? theoretically, they are \sheets\"" upon \""sheets\"" of the infinite  sub-divided into parallel dimensions!"""
cainan! <propfirst>! i did it! i got a emulator for dreamcast and i'm going to play some soul reaver 1 hahahahaehrwerhshfds
http annoyed  news yahoo com s space 20100609 sc_space moreactivesunmeansnastysolarstormsahead
"finally, soul reaver 1 out of the way   laugh "
thinking about a new drawing  hmmmmm
walmart = fail ugh
nobody told me what you thought  nobody told me what to say  everyone showed you where to turn  told you when to run away  nobody told you where to hide  nobody told you what to say  everyone showed you where to turn  showed you when to runaway!
"people fail to realize how much the objects they possess actually control them  everyone is too far driven into technology, money, and greed, that they should, yet cannot ask themselves: \what should i really <propfemale> in my only life? what is most precious to me?\"""""
ugh    walmart  annoyed 
ugh
good god
"what you accomplish is irrelevant  but if you are absent in this moment, you will regret it for the rest of what will be, a miserable life "
kashmirs gone  sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed knvqyim6bw&feature=related
