04299cfa065d7c5b8f5134c9736f5ccf
2010 son! grateful to have found that special someone in 2009 
penn state game at 1 
penn state pulled it out! beat lsu  brought some pride to the big ten    its osu's turn as much as i hate to say that lol 
penn state won    osu won  wisconsin won  big ten looks better lol
watching lamb chop! forgot how ballin this show is lol
chillin
annoumcement to g-port band hoes  me and the prez have determined the tickets of formal to be 24 dollars  itll be at berwick manor from 6-tbd  more info will be handed to you on monday at school  be there 
calc hw sucks  so confused
penn state today bizznatch!
bouts to go make that dough
chillin
watchin the bengals     lets get it
18 tomorrow hoes!
18 today!  thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday!
contest today
won high drums yesterday biatch
just kickin it    coffman v groveport game tomorrow  easily one of the biggest games in the state   g-port ranked 11th and coffman 6th  lets get it
welp we lost  its aigght though 
kickin it
is the italian stallion
kickin it
bengals won!
gotta be at school at 2 for the game  its bout to be cold! comp tomorrow
lost it all 
got it back!
got accepted to cincinnati! waiting to see about ohio state  then i got to pick which to go to lol
is chillin son!
is watching international <propfirst> man
got accepted to osu and cincy  just got to pick which one to go to 
leaving for new orleans soon  let's get this 
do the <propfemale> clap 
do the nolia clap  in nawlins!
is chillin son!
my style is kinda phat reminiscent of a whale
goin on and on to the rhythmic variation  wakin in the morning i still represent the nation  when i speak of the nation please dont make the deviation  rebels of the party who create the jump sensation  mind is a pit of different information  microphone is on so of course communication  bogle at the party then you got the bogle-ation  decapitatin foes yo as if my name was <propfirst> 
goin on and on to the rhythmic variation  wakin in the morning i still represent the nation  when i speak of the nation please dont make the deviation  rebels of the party who create the jump sensation  mind is a pit of different information  microphone is on so of course communication  bogle at the party then you got    the bogle-ation  decapitatin foes yo as if my name was <propfirst> 
badger tickling: proceed with caution
don't    don't put the noodles and the dumplings together in the boat  they'll fight! the noodles are bullies  poor dumplings 
"horray for me! yup, i said it  now the rest of you can join in"
"you know, you never see baby pigeons  enough said "
tick tock tick tock    everybody's waiting  it's time for me to shine
to all you band kids  formal is cancelled yea  but its being rescheduled  so chill  were still having it in the upcoming weeks
groveport band formal has been cancelled    it will be rescheduled to another day soon  do not rely on posts that have not been posted by me  no events band related are tonight
groveport band formal has been cancelled    it will be rescheduled to another day soon  do not rely on posts that have not been posted by me or <propfirst>  no events band related are tonight
thunder snowclouds    watch out!
my phones touch screen broke! that is the phone! how does that happen!? this is a bummer
"happy birthday grandma  feb 11, 1933 to mar 20, 2008  i miss you and love you "
just chillin
this olympic opening ceremony better get awesome 
is ballin
asbda was so boring  met some cool people though!
awesomeness now has a name  let me introduce myself
dang it canada  you blow!
im truly stupid paid thats just how i feel today    burr!
rethinking my outlook on my future  
stand further away  you can't possibly appreciate my greatness this close up
got a one at contest son! ballin!
"you know, it's not easy being me  you should try it  i bet that after just five minutes, you'll then have an incredible healthy respect for how amazing i am"
got back from the auto show   ballin
happy birthday <propfemale>! i love you!          and i love you and miss you grandma  2 11 1933-3 20 2008
"there's only one thing that comes as close as being as fantastic as me, and that's my reflection"
blinding like lightning  thunder is my roar  feel my awesome power
got back from the khmer new year party lol say what?
knowing that 99 7 is now the blitz again makes me happy
"tiptoeing elephants? come on guys, give it up  i can see you! you're huge!"
bout to get stupid wild at the collision concert tonight cuz that's my style
basically mrs browns house = cant even describe it 
chat roulette = ridiculous
last day of high school tomorrow son!
done with high school!! yeaaaaaaaaaaaa
a vegetarian restaurant seems a stupid idea  just pitch a tent over a vegetable patch  job done
going to cedar point tomorrow son!
got this cool book thing from <propfemale> for graduation  never seen anything like it! lol  thanks <propfemale>!
graduation tomorrow son!
graduation today son!
graduation is done  officially a grown man haha  got the g award for 3 9 gpa or higher all 4 years and graduated with honors  holla at ya boy!
going to asian fest  bouts to grub son!
officially officially done with everything high school related  hello real world   now its time to get a job and open a bank account   18 yrs old w o a bank account   im already behind  dang
tornadoes! wtf
"check out that crab, and his oh-so-sideways attitude    no one's impressed"
going to osu later to sign out an instrument 
if you haven't had yagoot you better go    now!
"hey  stop throwing mangoes  you're going to take somebody's eye out, or worse!"
"time will see us realign, diamonds rain across the sky, shower me into the same realm"
osu marching band clinics start tomorrow!
"i believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war <propfemale> "
osu marching clinics in a few hours  nice!
marching at osu was not what i was e playful ecting  pretty tough yet very fun  let's get this 
usa! usa! usa! usa!
osu later  got prac 
osu   another challenging but fun day marching 
so i cant feel my right thumb from my drum diggin into my neck causing circulation cut off haha    osu again tomorrow!
marching  equals fun  equals awesome  equals tiring  equals i need to learn my music and visuals  which equals me being awesome 
practiced yesterday  going to the parade and what not today  then back to square one tomorrow  i need to get to a field 
i feel like im in iraq the way these ppl in my neighborhood are poppin off these fireworks
says you ain't messin' with my dougie!
is there a way to unlike something you accidently click on?
"we have a sea bass which is broiled and we also have a hot pocket, which is cooked in a dirty microwave served frozen in the middle or boiling lava hot "
never sweated more in my life at a marching band practice  pushing yourself to new heights feels so rewarding  still have a lot to refine but i'm on track  here's to tbdbitl
i need money  anyone own a money tree?
inception     one of the best movies i have ever seen  amazing 
fist pumpin like a champ!
whistleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
is it friday? oh yea it is! who wants to go see the other guys?
"any change, any loss, does not make us victims  others can shake you, surprise you, disappoint you, but they can't prevent you from acting, from taking the situation you're presented with and moving on  no matter where you are in life, no matter what your situation, you can always do something  you always have a choice and the choice can be power "
change your language on facebook to english (pirate)    it's ridiculous
so i really wish i had 250000 grand to blow because <propfemale> re-made the gullwing  it's legit 
"it is 4 in the morning  why am i up you ask? well at 2 smile 0 in the ol morn, my dude <propfirst>y <propfirst> hartman's car got smashed in the rear like a french hooker  a truly unfortunate event indeed "
i've always been a big fan of beauty  sure you can't judge a book by its cover but who wants to have sex with a book?
4 days    let's get it
ready to bring the rain the next two days  can not believe tryouts are here tomorrow  let's do this 
first day done  no call back so i'm thinking that's a good thing  ready to bring it tomorrow to show what i got
made it on tbdbitl! awesome feeling to be a part of <propfemale> row
amazing day with <propfemale> row! it's awesome to march with people like that  can not wait for the next game 
excited for my first ramp on saturday!! miami v  osu  can't ask for a better first ramp 
dang  first ramp today  osu v miami  awesome feeling  and i was on espn and i shook hands with rascal flatts! i love being in tbdbitl!! had a great day
is <propfemale> wang!
great day today!
college   yeaaaaaaaaaa 
having to put music as my first priority over school on some nights is gonna kill me 
game day is about to be here! let's get it
"game day! in the words of <propfirst> kimbro \get you some\"""""
last night     ballin 
lazy day today     chilled out pretty much the whole time with <propfemale> <propmale>   smile   school tomorrow!
"rain rain go away that's what all my haters say\my pockets stuck on overload my rain never evaporate\no need to elaborate most of these ducks exaggerate"
goin to the cudi concert next week!
chillin
just ate too much food from mcdonalds with <propfemale> <propmale>     lol  it was like the food kept coming and coming!
marching in the bengals  browns game tomorrow  who dey!!
screw this <propmale> beavan dude    but i must say us alternates rocked out on the cajons!
gameday! bright and early! hittin up some hw then gonna get some sleep! <propfemale> drum solo!
busy week this week  ahh!
me and <propfirst> willman plus a car and rubber chicken = people getting yelled at and hit with chickens
got a performance soon  then off to watch osu with the fam and <propfemale> <propmale>   ittttsss game day! go ohio! beat those badgers!
bout to hit up this music  see some people  then study 
hey is anyone else excited to know that <propmale> is getting a lingerie football team? hells yea 
is enjoying the feast
enjoy the feast
"knuckle down, buckle down, do it, do it do it "
"all you got to do, is put your mind to it  knuckle down, buckle down, do it, do it do it   because you can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd "
is jeopardys categories based off <propfirst> the unicorn? i believe so   ballin 
need to get this homework done  gray day tomorrow    then     minnesota!
cavs  congrats  lebron  salty   you couldn't even beat the celtics 
minnesota here we come
just got home from the trip to minnesota  28 hrs on a bus in 48 hrs? i think so  i think those buckeyes whomped on the <propfemale> golphers eh?
"basically    kinect for xbox = best, most awesome, microsoft invention "
band dance for tonight  i can't get into details but all i can tell you is  its about to go down 
had a great weekend with <propfemale> <propmale>   couldn't ask for something better   penn state week! let's get this 
gonna watch conan    about time 
my mojo so dope
it's gray day tomorrow!
almost game day!
its gameday! tap  tap  tap!
had a great weekend with <propfemale> <propmale> !! now it's time for school    dang 
finally back from the concert for osumb  been up since 530 yesterday morning  time for some sleep up in this mug!
prac in a bit  then out 
enjoy the feast
had a wonderful season with tbdbitl  thanks especially to <propfemale>-row  you guys have made me and the other rookies feel at home and we can all say we've made lifelong friends  <propfemale>'s where it's at  no one enjoys the feast like we do  but the season isn't over yet  let's get this   ohio 
hello new orleans  ready to get my grub on and miss classes  hells yea 
officially on break  time to relax before headin for nawlins! ohio 
just got home from mount <propfirst>  spent the day with <propfemale> <propmale> and her fam   smile     frankenjaws!
finished the quarter with a 2 71   not my greatest achievement  
"you're mad cause my style you're admiring, \don't be mad   ups is hiring"
minty fell on the ground  minty fell on the ground  for just a moment or two!
i'm liking that bowl trip itinerary 
<propfemale> <propmale> is perfecto 
got drop kicked by <propfirst> <propfirst> reynolds  haha
zoo lights last night with the lady <propfemale> <propmale>  smile 
liking this new phone
time for christmas <propfemale> mass  bouts to rock my new sweater from <propfemale> <propmale>  smile 
blessed to have such a great family and my wonderful girlfriend <propfemale> <propmale> for the holidays!
practice tomorrow  new orleans is so close  then dinner with <propfemale> and her fam   smile 
happy new years!! learned i'm super out of shape  thanks osumb  haha  ready to get my nawlins on 
bourbon street equals crazy  having a great time 
time to start the day  sick in new orleans! oh well 
nawlins  nough said
supa dome
game time
sitting on an airplane ready to go home  then class to fall asleep in  awesome   great way to end my rookie year in tbdbitl though!   ohio 
dang <propmale>  you're colder than i remember 
in class  wish i was still in new orleans  had a great season with tbdbitl  best e playful erience ever and is sure to get better 
in class    gay 
in class    wack sauce 
listening to this fat annoying chick talk on the phone before class   no one wants to know about your problems    smh
in the words of flynt flossy  smangin them jaws is my life aspiration
ignorance  that's what some people are the epitome of 
this weekend i was at the italian deli   and what do they have half off? huge knockers 
there's nothing like driving for an hour on a sheet of ice in below zero weather to go to school  screw you to osu 
i think its time for cupcake pebbles
biden looks like the eagle from the muppets
the bus ride over from wc was packed yet no one said a single thing    hello monday
welp  bout to risk my life to get to class  thanks again osu 
every branch campus is closed besides the main one  no one goes to those!         i question you osu 
powers out     sucky
wow  someone ripped it on the bus this morning  could you please not do that in a crowded hot bus next time    
its cold out  bur!
shooting at easton at 8  good thing i left at 745   
had a good dinner at pf changs and evening with <propfemale> <propmale>!
psych midterm     dang
just got facebook raped     hats off to you <propfemale> 
is going to be playing some pretty hefty perc parts for the band im in for obaf based on these recordings im listening to
awesome weather  wish i wasn't in class all day 
its time  time to get down 
a car?! <propfirst> griffin is a g 
these songs that i'm playing for the dublin silver band are dangersexy
why is it always 80 degrees in central classroom     got that stuff on blast 
its a nice day to be outside 
didn't dress right for this rain  now im soaked!
busy week!
what a crazy day 
ahh fat tuesday    bout to demolish some food so tomorrow i don't die of starvation  lol
"i'm sorry, man, but i've got magic  i've got poetry in my fingertips  most of the time - and this includes naps - i'm an f-18, bro  and i will destroy you in the air  i will deploy my ordinance to the ground - <propfirst> sheen"
dang it snow     you're like the unwanted fat kid on your dodgeball team in elementary 
finals then break! oh snap!
studying for my last first spring quarter final in the oval   it's a good day 
2011 auto show soon with my dad  ballin
morehead st just beat louisville! whoaaaa!
bout to switch majors again soon! haha
ahh storms    the best thing to fall asleep to 
it's nice actually playing in a band that sounds sweet and when people care  haha  had a good time playing tonight!
my foreign math teacher blowsssss 
bout to play at obaf tomorrow with some great musicians! let's get it 
ahh life   you sometimes suck 
hiiiiiooooo silllllverrrr
