0eacbef3f01a3193aea84feb3914cbd8
thank god for everything cuz he didnt have to do it  pray for me and my family yall and ill do tha same even if you dont  love and peace!!!
man im tired of everybody makin all these excuses for somethin they did    what im tryin to say is own up to it cuz it more work avoidin it plus it makes you look better 
i cant wait till saturday when tri-it summer camp is over! don't get me wrong its fun and all but i just wanna get some sleep  it's summer    i don't want to wake up @ 7am no more this week  lord help me make it one more day!!!
baby got on da <propfirst> <propmale> shirt wit da red jacket and some zippaz  dont forget my nice soft curlz and glitta glove! while moonwalkin on carpet  itz a national holiday in my mind  i call it jarrell dress up as <propfirst> <propmale> day!lol!lol!lol!lol x million!
today i said my last and final goodbyes to my cousin  i love him and i'll miss him but he's in a better place than we are  r i p <propmale> parrott jr  i love u cuz 
god sees you through your trials and tribulations and makes your joyful moments come to past  but no matter what stage you are in you still must praise his name under the hot fire and the cool brezzes dont turn your back on god when you think everything is over cuz you wouldnt want god to do the same you better give god some praise thank ya jesus!
"people reach for the starz but now its time to reach beyond that people some of  you may say \whats beyond the starz? well   uhhh  i dont know bout yall but uhhh    god is beyond all of those things stop rechin for starz cuz god do greater things he can take to the starz then lift you up higher than that!now can get an amen church!"""
"happy july 4th,2010!!!\\you never see it coming you just get to see it go\\yeah i shoulda looked up in the sky at first\\now i can see it in her eyes\\fireworks!---drake"
had a great day with my family   couldnt imagine my life without them   i  thank god for them!!
"i been singing all day just happy for what god has done ,what god is doing, and what god will do "
today is my bestie b-day    happy 17 birthday <propfirst>!!!
i love everybody and god is love then i must be doing something right!  smile 
seems like the harder u push forward  the more something push u back but it good cuz im fin to be in tunnel vision and god will see me though  believe in it!
im tryna work on myself  and my  relationship wit god cuz i see myself working for his wonderful works   i dont wanna be all messed up tryin to help god's children   i wanna be a good example   im still work   god and i gon be best friends and more1
don't change who you are for a better lifestyle but better yourself to change your lifestyle 
goin hard & lovin life to da fullest baby!!!
challenge day really opened my eyes to a lot of things  i am going to start making a change and im going to start with me so if ya'll see me slippin then put me in my place  weneed love!
smh   everyone please stop trying to reach ppl e playful ectations of you instead reach your own 
one of the best cures for the world is love  smile 
when people try to break you down with their negativity dont curse them out and have a huge argument just do what i do and prove them wrong because actions are louder than words  wink 
a baby is born with a need to be loved and never outgrows it  so why can't we continue that cycle instead of looking at each other crazy    come on world gots to do better than this!!!
love yourself first then those around you  wink 
i'm tired of losing people i love rip <propfirst>
i need love!!!lol
bubblegum  smile 
i say u da best <propfemale> im lookin n da mirror  joyful  big <propfirst>
"<propfemale> u like, love, or hve any typ of feelins for sumone u need to learn to show'em how u feel b4 its tooooo late wink "
<propfemale> christmas fb   even tho most of us think its jus another day but be happy for wat u got n seein this day come *peace n love  smile 
there r only a few ppl you can trust n depend on that actually cares bout u so be careful how u treat them cuz they can choose to leave n the ones u think is them wont be there for long 
just watched *poetic justice*~love this movie~
ughh stop bein around da bush n sugar coatin everything just be real wit me for once!!
even tho u r an emotional wreck doest mean u hav to lose ur mind and fall into ppl daily drama #be wise
things dont always happen according to plan but u gotta keep it moving
i feel so loved rite now im giving out free hugs n kisses!!! ^__^
u gotta give respect to earn respect   baby naw i always had it cuz i got respect for myself 
even tho today is not one of my greatest days i still thank god for lettin me see this day
black n wat   naw bout dat green n yellow ayeeeeee!!
people aint always who think they are best to find out early before its too late 
why people like corrupt the innocent   leave us alone!!! lol
"today somebody told me i was too nice, sweet, and honest so why you complain about the people that are the complete opposite of me #contradiction"
"im so happy for this day i see that god has blessed me with a bundle of joy,love, and peace and im truly thankful for everything i have   happy valentines day fb!!!#nunbutluv"
omg!! im feeling so sick right now god heal me please!!!  sad 
i never claimed to be perfect u just assumed i were*****
its difficult when your mind and your heart disagree  annoyed 
extremely bored rite now im i need of a conversation!!!lol
being bored make u think of some crazy random stuff    u just dont wanna kno what im thinkin cuz its really stupid lol
life is so awesome rite now ???
"love, love ,love what does it mean??? only time can tell lol"
people tell i have changed they are right because i have grown and i understand life more?
i love you!!   you know who you are!!
i wish u would say how u feel i wont get mad at u   cant get mad at ur true feelings 
today was one of my greatest yayyy!! lol
ppl need to stop wit ya mood swings ughh!!
i have peace and no one can take it away from me**
i swear if i see another <propfemale> hudson commercial singin bout her weight lose imma feed dat heifer a sandwich lol
don't let them win by avoidin ur problems face ur demons face-to-face 
u gotta learn to love urself before u love somebody else   i got so much love i cant kept all to myself ahaha #lovelivinglife
a friendship that can end never really began 
"i can't lose faith now   everything that i have lost is for a reason, everyone who has left me is for a reason, every door that has been slammed in my face is for a reason    every fiber in my body wants fall into the ways of the world but i have held on this long so i will continue to hold his hand into the way out of darkness  faith is the key "
done took a lot of steps back bout time to move forward and never look back
