31e6ac922488bf318c902ea93009658d
"can't believe he is gone (<propfirst> <propmale>)! the world has truly lost an amazing person and talent  he is and will always be the <propmale> of pop, rock and soul as <propfemale> <propfirst> said so many years ago  he was a visionary, constantly striving to make this wor"
"just got to sing a song onstage with the band higher ground  it was awesome, i loved it!!! even if i was a little off key  oh well first time singing with a live band, if i every get the <propmale> to do it again (really hope i do) it will be much better "
got a new job  i am now a sign language interpreter for the <propfirst> county board of education  i will be interpreting at rivesville pre-k starting monday  yay!! : )
"is goint to eat at the texas road house with my brother and dad, then to karaoke at vice versa "
"here we go  cross your fingers, heres to a fun night with no fights!!!"
it's official   one yeah ago today i had my knee surgery  yay!!
just booked my trip to california to go swing dancing!!! i leave in 39 days  yay!!!
33 days till california!!!
really hopes things workout this time around!
had a great afternoon and night  feels as if things might just get back to normal after all  thanks goo!!! lol
"attempted to fix my car (will see if it holds up or not), snowball fight, and licorice, put it all together and what do you get? another great day!!!"
just fixed my car and got to hangout with my best friend in the world  what a great day!!!
"had a rather eventfull evening, but things turned out much better than e playful ected!!!"
is so proud of rascalhead! : - p
"is hanging out with rascalhead tonight, can't wait!"
<propfemale>'s $13 74   t v  (cable) $40 00    gas $ who really knows in that awesome (but very bad on gas) truck of his   spending a great night with rascalhead   priceless!!!
is so lucky   i have the best friend in the world who would do anything for me  i am the luckiest person in the world  thank you rascalhead!
"got to see goo today, even though it was for a short period of time it made my day!!! your awesome and i have no idea what i would do without you!"
looking at my flowers and thinking of you   you truly are wonderful!!!
    how is it possible to miss someone who just left not fifteen minutes ago? :' (
is excited   getting ready to fight   she really shouldn't have mad me mad!!!
"so proud of my stinkerhead, no one deserves this promotion more than him!!!"
had a great night!!!
just a word of advice   if you want me to do you a favor   don't start by telling me what to do!
so proud of my pumpkin love!!! you'll do great in whatever you decide to do!!!
rip senator byrd it was by far a pleasure to have met you all those times over the years  you were a great man but an even greater patriot! you will be missed!
had an amazing time last night!!! : )
two more days!!! i'm so excited!!!
one more day!!!
had a nearly perfect day!!!
can't believe she is so lucky!
feels complete when he is around  loved swimming and finding our private beach!
"before the cool done run out\i'll be giving it my bestest \and nothing's gonna to stop me but divine intervention\i reckon it's again my turn to win some or learn some\\but i won't hesitate no more, no more\it cannot wait, i'm yours"
already misses him like crazy! i know you will do amazing and you make me so proud!
cannot remember the last time she went this long without talking to him   and i just talked to him a little after 8am yesterday  this is going to be a ridiculously long 16 weeks  i am sure you are doing amazing and i can't wait till this weekend  i miss you my rascalhead!
just spent about 2 hours talking about you   i think that means i officially miss you more than ever! i need my pumpkin love back!!!
"yay! it is finally friday!!! my stinkerhead is back till sometime sunday!! i miss him so much! can't wait to see him! you are amazing, wonderful, and the best friend anyone could ever have  i am truly lucky!"
he loved it like i knew he would! so very proud!
missing you soooo much!!! i can't wait until friday!
yay!!! it's finally thursday again   one more day until my pumpkin love is back!!!
finally friday!!! less than 24 hours before my rascalhead is back and i can finally see that smile again!
loved talking to my rascalhead! i will never be used to not talking to him every night  14 more weeks till things are back to normal 
loves him <propfemale> much!! i hate seeing him leave every week! : ( only 14 more weeks to go 
"really, really needs her pumpkin love right now!!! about 4 more days and really don't know if i can make it  i love him so much this is killing me  way too much stress for me to handle without him! 14 more weeks!"
less than 24 hours before my pumpkin love is back! i really can't wait  this week has been sooo long without him! i need my <propfirst> hugs!!!
absolutely loves getting surprise visits from my pumpkin love!!! one smile from him makes my day   the hugs and whatnot are not bad either!!!  ; - p
13 more weeks till my stinkerhead is back for good  i miss him more than anything!
misses him so much   thank goodness it is finally friday!!! my pumpkin love will be home in a matter of hours! : )
"misses my pumpkin love very, very much!! 12 more weeks   hope i can make it!"
is so very happy it is friday!!!
really wishes my pumpkin love was here!!! i miss him so very much!!!
absolutely loved seeing my pumpkin love today!!!
so very proud of my rascalhead!!! i knew you could do it!!!
"\i'm looking at myself with a spoon   and i look funny\"" <propfemale> collins"""
"<propfemale> just signed the word \more\""!!! i love teaching young children sign language! : )"""
attention all west swing dancers   today is the last day to order your discounted tickets to madjam  if you have not registered already do so today!!!
at madjam and loving it!!! it is only friday and 6 pittsburgh dancers have already made it into finals!!!!
danced newcomer at madjam this weekend and came in fifth  not too shabby for my first comp ever 
