dfc891d5caeb4630e864ec41b45aa034
time to forget this year as well as my name lol
things don't feel so impossible today
"we play the cards we're dealt \somtimes you win    sometimes you lose   "
i am so ready for christmas and new years to be done and over with already 
nothing better than drinking hot chocolate  sitting around with friends    smoking cigs while watching it snooooow!!!
"one of the hardest things in life, is having the words in your heart that you can't utter "
nothing beats 2 am insomnia like watching old reruns of <propfemale> the vampire slayer and listening to a perfect circle 
doooooes anyone else realize that it is -actually- snowing right now???
"just when i stopped opening doors,\finally knowing the one that i wanted was yours \making my entrance again with my usual flair\sure of my lines     \no one is there"
listening to the cure is seriously like holding a loaded gun in a trembling hand
loving my new iphone       <propfirst> is amazing!! i hope you all have the merriest and happiest christmas ever !!!
christmas is almost over and it was great! i just hope that new years <propfemale> is just as awesome
oh takenobu     i seriously love your calming voice
"\ i can't get any lower  i can't find all the pieces of my broken life  i need a summer but the summers come and gone  i need a summer like a winter in my heart\"""""
someone please e playful lain to me why this all just keeps happening to me?
a bit better now     minus the horrible stomach pains i've has for 3 days now     sad 
watching pitbulls and parolees     i love pitbulls! anyone want to buy one for me and my room mates???  smile 
so worried  sad  please be safe!
i am such a stupid stupid girl     
excited for tonight and tomorrow  leahs doing my hair tonight and i'm excited to see how it's going to turn out and then tomorrow i have off and it's going to snow all day  anyone want to play in the snow with me and then drink hit chocolate???  smile 
where would be a nice place to get away for awhile? any suggestions?
everything was beautiful     and nothing hurt     i want to go back to those days with you 
time to not be scared anymore
"i never saw a wild thing sorry for itself  a bird will fall frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself   - \ self pity \"" by d h  <propfirst>"""
 smile 
good day! woke up wicked ass early but luckily i got to snuggle back in bed again     even though i woke up in a cruel way : playful outs:: 2 more hours of work then fun with the <propfemale>!! and a happy note    i got to see my kittiekat today!!!!
"oh so in love with days off work  love  later on stacious is coming over to <propfemale> out   belly full of coffee, watching a movie, friend coming over later, and lounging around in my moose slippers and blankie     nothing beats this    nothing at all  laugh "
ps- someone want to win the lottery for me so i can get another tattoo?? i am getting restless for more ink
snow day with <propmale>!!!!! just got a nice hot shower   lounging around watching stupid tv shows and watching it snow   yay!!!
the dizziness that you have now caused is making me need a cig     wtf =p mwahahhahahahaha
how much fun is it to get snowed in??  a shit ton!!  laugh  ( especially when you attempt to bury your room mate in the snow! )
please please please    let me let me let me    let me get what i want this time!
i can't wait for bmax with my girls and to get my dance on!!!!
let's go steelers!!! bring it on home tonight boys!
oh how i love being the single girl in the middle surrounded by happy couples                time to go to bed and get away from this
stupidest day ever out of the year 
tis not where we lie; but once we fell    the loss of heaven is the greatest pain in hell
"life is like a penis, when it's hard you get screwed and when it's soft you can't beat it! you are the greatest <propfirst>  smile "
"\ i want a manly man who can cut down trees with just his eyes!\""-autumn       best thing i heard today!   smile """
well my good day just got screwed     and i have no idea why  sad 
where is my savior when i need him     could use some comfort and saving about now      sad  even a hug would do   
yes    thank you nicaragua for your delicious rum and giving me a great nights sleep  new current goal in life = becoming a lush 
out at kiros with my ladies and my gents for grateful dead night!!!! currently listening to <propfirst> <propmale>    how does this get better??
i'm all pouty now cause i just saw that i work til 9    not 7 like i thought i was scheduled too!! now i can't watch the <propmale> potter marathon with my roomies  sad 
i am so excited ( and scared!!! ) to be moving to va in a few months!!
beautiful day out    good day at work     shitty night       sad 
"listening to the cure, smoking cig after cig, day off and alone with my thoughts    yeah    it's one of those kind of days      "
i really hate that we never had a song     
