ba23eb2847263ff248fbf79a5a189556
hanging out on last (overnight) pass before graduation thursday! freedom!!!!!!
tired and going to bed   maybe i'll eat first   hmmm
just relaxing
deciding where i can capture the most new recruits bwahaha    this hometown recruiting is boring
is heading out to the y
being bored
wondering what i should eat
excited for tuesday
can't find my zune!!! =o
found my zune!!!!!!!      it was in the couch lol
tired
just thinkin
thirsty
sleep
preparing to leave tomorrow
wish things could be different
i really need to change my picture   
changed it!!!
chillaxin   gonna watch a haunting in connecticut tonight!! won't be able to sleep lol
got internet for my room finally!!
nothing much   just seeing some places to go in korea once i can go off post
went to the er for cutting my head on concertina wire!! don't freak out it wasn't serious but it's the most exciting thing that's happened so far lol
just got done with a company run   it was awesome!!
bought a monster at the class six   he's so cute
just found out about the red jumpsuit apparatus album    it sucks  annoyed 
just watched fireproof   amazing movie!!!
*sigh*
skype is amazing!!!
new photos of me! ^^
<propmale> <propmale> with a bb gun?
it's man devouring man my dear and who are we to deny it in here
and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin'
i thought i had only wakened   satisfied enough to dream you
if only if only   
according to imdb the most popular movie of all time is the shawshank redemption    followed with a close second from the godfather
tired of being lonely  annoyed 
zune software update!! finally movies on the zune marketplace!! they'll catch up to ipod yet with the new hd out as well    
if you have skype add me!! i need more friends!!   wow    way to sound like a loser <propfirst> lol     <propfirst> allen bonham
it's been decided in the war between zune and ipod!! we should all just start using cd players again!!!
"aren't you such a catch, what a prize, got a body like a battleaxe"
have a new trick coming soon    not for the faint of heart!! bwahahaha
wow   i have a good 21 people on facebook chat out of whom there are only a few i could strike up a conversation with and it not seem weird and random    that's pretty sad
wow   all the new features on the zune software keep surprising me    lots of cool stuff
the dark knight was the second highest grossing movie of all time in the us   it lost to titanic
i did it    i got a new computer    it was painful to see the money go   but it'll be back in a month if i'm careful in my spending   couldn't put up with the old one any longer
finally!! got my computer back!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes
doing taxes gives me a headache
"fwd: attention all: if you get a request from me or any friend to checkout 'youtube' and it looks like facebook, do not open it  it is a trojan worm and will infect and shutdown your computer and take all your personal info  it is traveling around facebook rapidly  your friends did not send it! this is real  please copy and paste"
"for god has said \i will never leave you; i will never abandon you\"" -hebrews 13:5"""
finally got my orders!!
his unchanging plan has always been to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through jesus christ -ephesians 1:5
we understand what love is when we realize that christ gave his life for us  that means we must give our lives for other believers  -1 <propfirst> 3:16
i have a new email account  so if everyone could send me their info it's bonhamdvd@aol com  thanks
toy story 3 was actually pretty good
taking a break from packing up my stuff    almost done with all of it then just four days tomorrow
everything's packed up   just the weekend left and then i'm outta here on monday
leaving post in an hour and a half   only one night left in korea then i fly out tomorrow morning   i'll talk to everyone when i get home
in japan for a short amount of time  under 24 hours till i'm in ohio 
home
you're never too old for spongebob
anyone up for dinner?
thanks everyone for all of the fun i had home for the short time i was here  hopefully i'll be seeing all of you again soon 
well i made it to fort <propmale>  i start in-processing tomorrow  wish me luck 
off early and a three day weekend! woohoo! i feel like doing something crazy
if you haven't seen inception yet go see it! it's awesome!
stuck in a building doing briefings all day and the air conditioner is shot    awesome
for everyone that keeps putting that dumb status about wishing planes were shooting <propfemale>s i did see a shooting <propfemale>  playful  and i made a wish ^^
going to the sorrel weed house tonight   funny name lol
tired    
if you have a motion sensored air freshener don't forget it's motion sensored when you walk by it    cause it might go off and scare you    just sayin     
"my aunt: stay cool (she was talking about the heat)  love you \me: i always do  wink  lol\my aunt: lol is right\touché aunt patty    touché"
actually watching football for once
"i know the world's a broken bone but melt your headaches, call it home"
a fortune cookie with no fortune! i was gipped!
so when i was in high school i used to watch high school musical like everyday  i thought it was awesome 
nothing tells ones nature better than the joke that makes them angry
so i just realized that my new zipcode has all the same <propfirst> as my last one   they're just jumbled up 43113 to 31314   hmmmm
"it's pretty bad when you see someone \correct\"" the words \""should have\"" to \""should of\"" lol"""
"so does anyone else have to keep logging into facebook every time they come to it, even if it's been set to remember login information, or is it just me?"
wish me luck   i think i'm gonna be sick   
for the love of god make the burning stop
"people aren't food, people aren't food, your friends'll run away if they're scared of gettin' chewed"
"baby, it's cold outside"
if anybody has been trying to talk to me on facebook chat and i don't say anything i'm not ignoring you  the chat comes through on my phone and i don't see it
also thanks to everyone for making my leave awesome  smile   <propfemale> christmas again everyone!
forever can never be long enough for me to feel like i've had long enough with you
my weather app says it's partly sunny   it's almost one in the morning   
guess what!!
so i'm actually going to watch the super bowl this weekend  only because i don't want to miss the beginning of glee
is the history channel always in spanish this time of morning? lol
i finally get to sleep in and the fire alarm goes off  annoyed 
i am sesquipedalian and a logophile
if you're going to hide behind your computer with your comments at least have the backbone to leave them posted so everyone can see it
tu besarte es como ver las estrellas 
woke up this morning to someone knocking on my door to let me know i have staff duty  awesome
get to spend all day (and night) at the range  wooo gotta love the army
last day at the range hopefully
this is the best weekend ever  smile 
so i had an awesome weekend!! i hope everyone else did too  comment on the new pics!! except the close up of me i look like a dork lol
i'm so bored i wanna rip my eyes out
watching man vs food while you're hungry is a terrible idea
tgiw
finally starting school on monday and got a savings plan set up to start on april 1st  i feel   responsible   it's weird lol
idk what to make of this place  they're playing a christian music station and they have pulp fiction and scarface posters everywhere lol
prejudice is a great time saver  you can form opinions without having to get the facts 
i love <propfemale> johnston   smile 
