7ffa6a8976a7d30b9bfbb35fc6c4fd7d
happy new year everyone! and thank you all for the birthday wishes  for my birthday please pray for another cancer-free year 
i don't care anymore
everybody get down tonight! everybody wang <propfirst> tonight!
i'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce!
i think i shall play some sims today   
the sun finally came out today! that makes me smile!
"so, i'm feeling kinda about today  but i look outside and i see the sunshine while i <propmale> my child out of the pans and can't help but look forward "
going to kill driveway weeds    oh joy   
go <propfemale>!!!
why am i still awake?????
"its a good day to go to the park  i guess i'll wait for <propfirst> to wake up before i go, lol "
"so, i'm thinking some cleaning and then rockband!!! gots to do my chores before i has my funz!"
my child woke up way too early today    i think i'll have a nap 
"i'm pleased to see that i'm not the only one who had to nap today, hehe "
"wow, i can't believe its been a yea since <propfirst>'s been out of the hospital! and what a year its been! to look at him now you would never know  i just wish everyone could have this   "
baked potato potato potato!
i hate washing dishes   
getting my morning dose of spongebob  i don't know what i'd have on the tv right now if <propfirst> wasn't here   
i do not like the cold
pancakes and sausage for breffast today! my baby loves me! hehe
i am so sick of rain    hope it clears up soon  <propfirst> is having a rough time sleeping with all the wind   
getting ready for my baby's 2nd bday party!!! i'm super excited!
"just watched <propmale> matthews band on sesame street  lol, cracks me up!"
"today is my baby's 2nd birthday! two years ago my life changed more than anyone ever e playful ected  and for this laughing, running, singing, and loving child it was well worth it! happy birthday <propfirst>!!!"
"\why aren't you seizing the boy?\"" \""i have a big head    and little arms \"""""
"so, i  just came out of the bathroom to find baby powder all over the living room    how can i be mad at him, if i can't stop laughing???"
"so <propfirst> had some cinnamon toast and sausage about two hours ago, and he's telling me that he's hungry again  it never ends!!!"
"all packed a ready to go, just waiting for <propfirst> to get home, then we're on our way!"
"i feel so callused now to some of my friends updates    some of them i'm genuinely concerned for, but others seem almost laughable to me now  when i know that two years ago, those laughable concerns would have almost made me cry  the world is so much bigger in some ways "
"spent the morning shopping with my favorite person in the whole wide world, and he thanks me for taking him out with me, by giving me a great big stinky diaper    he's still my favorite person!"
one of my friends is doing this and i thought it looked like fun! let see how honest fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more then 1 word  then copy & paste this post to your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting
monday before christmas!!! super exciting!
"i'm a goofy goober, yeah! you're a goofy goober, yeah! we're all goofy goobers, yeah!"
"\sometimes there just aren't enough rocks \"""""
does a girl have to kill a pig to get an uncooked ham around here???
"my first batch of homemade sugar cookies is a success! the only thing that i didn't make myself was the sprinkles  i am definitely not <propfemale> homemaker, but i think i did pretty good!"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! you all made me smile  smile  happy new year!!!
first monday of the year down  only 51 more to go   
my child is cuter than yours!
"not sure what pointing out your bra color does fro cancer awareness  it upsets me a bit, because there are much better things we could waste our time with "
today is gonna be a good day!
i wish i could speak whale   
i really hate the navy right now   
"am feeling super selfish and i probably shouldn't  <propfirst> left this morning to go to haiti on the comfort  i'm upset cuz we found out about it yesterday afternoon  like i said, selfish; but he's leaving for a good cause "
its january 16th and 60 degrees outside  that makes me happy!
the sun has come out! its almost 70 degrees! and you guys want me to go to warsaw    psh 
heading to the park!
i am so ready for warsaw
in warsaw!!! holla back!
so    i'm kinda bummed  i found out today that the quizno's here in warsaw has closed  makes me kinda sad 
super excited about tomorrow night with my newest sister!
it was the one-armed man!
"so, i've got mixed feelings about the snoww back home, lol  everyone is so excited about it, and i just want the snow up here to go away!"
"beware the pteradactyles, they will swoop down on you when you least e playful ect it "
my happy dance will definitely get in the way of taking a nap   
my family is whole again!
almost friday
bazinga!
my child likes to pounce on our dog  i'm still waiting for the dog to pounce back at him   
"<propfirst> had a check-up today  and everything looks great!the doctor has decided that <propfirst> won't need any scans until october, because he is doing so well  just a few physicals until then, we might even be able to go back to well baby stuff soon  that'll be exciting!"
remember when we were kids and never wanted to go to bed or take naps??? i think that all catches up to us when we're older    it seems one can't ever get enough sleep!
<propfirst> brought home legos rockband  looks like a noisy night in the grubbs home!
"ice cream now, then some hot chocolate to warm back up "
"how much would you pay to see me shave my head??? its almost st baldrick's time again, and this year i decided that i would shave my head  thats if we meet our goal  i'm really excited about this, so, i set our goal kinda low considering whats on the line here! go to www stbaldricks org participants anneandbrandon and donate to help fund childhood cancer research!"
www shh com
"why is everything yellow??? my car is yellow, my porch is yellow, my grill is yellow!!! this stuff is so annoying   "
is it really friday already?
"its such a pretty day, i couldn't resist pulling out the kiddie pool!"
i think bald men that drive convertibles should get some kind of bravery medal 
happy mother's day to all those women out there that are paid with hugs and kisses!
needs to be outside today  its gorgeous!
chic fila lemonade  win 
power is out  this blows 
is on a hammock at the lake  and its a beautiful day!
"<propfirst> just fed our dog the entire bag of beggin strips    which wouldn't be too bad, but now <propfirst> has dog breath "
i wish <propfemale> rivet would call me! sheesh   we have plans to make!
adventure is out there!
"ugh, heat index makes today about 115 degrees    this needs to end"
so excited about non-100-degree days!
remember when it was the greatest thing to watch the same movie six times a day?
my son is now a teenage mutant ninja turtles fan!
today is national childhood cancer awareness day  please spread the word 
"<propfirst> is cancer-free for 2 years now  that seems like whole other life, a whole other child, and a whole other me "
"if you ask <propfirst>, a person feels happy, sad, or mad  i wish it stayed that simple "
"holding my breath to get rid of hiccups, and still hiccupping with my mouth and nose closed! gahhhh!!!!!!!"
