9135457e9fda2f5ac48aecbd5a92d73a
wow i cant believe two celebs died in one day 
volleyball was horrible  lol <propfemale>  we totally lost  but it was mainly because of a few people  not to be rude or anything hahaah
last night was so great smile 
super excited to go to <propfemale> and meet cousins and aunts and uncles!! leaving on july 7th!!
going up to stipek to meet <propfemale> mcafee!!
"couldnt go to bbq, oh well, i got to drive to snohomish  annoyed "
"like this status if you want me to tell you what i like about your looks, personality, your bad habits, and if i've ever had a crush on you and how much you mean to me!!!!"
no plans today  someone text me and make plans  smile 
"like this status if you want me to tell you what i like about your looks, personality, your bad habits, and if i've ever had a crush on you and how much you mean to me!!!! my computer was being wierd so im posting it again, "
"last night was great   saw a bunch of shooting stars, but then a black cat almost killed us on the way home, oh well   its friday, the 13th "
just got home from gc
really confused?? why does everyone hate me?
i love floating on intertubes in kiddie pools with <propfemale> mcafee and <propfirst> shish  (who hates me)(however <propfemale> loves me and i love her because she is amazing) anyways   
"kiddie pool, 4-square, then soccer practice, pretty good day  smile "
"last night was definately interesting, was at a sketchy drive-in movie theater in auburn until 3 in the morning, with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, maddy, and <propfemale> (our awesome chaperone haha)"
tryouts start tomorrow  
today was good!  smile 
"today was pretty good  smile \but next time somebody doesnt get out of my way,, she's goin down  "
"today sucked, but then volleyball happened  smile "
volleyball tourney today  smile 
volleyball match tomorrow  smile  everyone should come and cheer!!
homecoming  smile 
how did we meet? (copy and see who remembers)
fml
i  love  today
wtf is wrong with the world?
i feel so accomplished!  smile 
craziest night of my life!
should be a good day smile 
 smile )
wow  thanks for talking to me  not 
why does everyone want to hurt me?
everything is finally going right  smile 
<propfirst> is a loser
"truth is    \like it and find out  smile "
today =  love 
"with <propfemale>, my favorite person in the world, who i can tell anything to!!  smile "
"too many things, not enough sleep  sad "
very great day!  smile 
no school tomorrow!
<propfemale> and sprite
 smile 
someone help me with the life fitness project!
very productive day! hahah
"im sooo bored, reading my english book is no fun  somebody text me smile "
are we supposed to e playful lain every single exercise in our focus paper? help!
i finished the life fitness project!
i hate drama! stay away from me
"2010 is almost over, so like this status if i have made you smile this year then set this as your status, you'll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you  smile "
recess teacher's pet hahaha  smile 
more drama  annoyed 
i love <propfirst> shish!!!
i want a nap! but i cant sleep  sad 
my mom just bought my dog a snuggie   but not me  
why cant i keep my big mouth shut? i suck at keeping friends 
only 2 more days until freedom!
no homework and a 3 hour nap  smile 
volleyball+laser tag+bonfire=good day
i hate how clueless and rude guys can be
ice skating and shopping in bellevue then staying at the <propmale> just for fun smile 
its hailing! one step closer to snow  smile 
snow!!!!
bitches
best nap of my life 
life sucksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
lazy days smile 
"stupid officiating clinic, teaching me things i already know   my mom sucks"
i got an a- on my ap final! all the craziness finally paid off!
somebody has a problem       ew 
1st in gold  5th overall  smile  good day
i miss <propmale> hole!!
creeper playing with my dog! he wont stop looking in the window! help!!
good workout smile 
"my ipod just deleted 300 songs by itself and then disconnected, i have 65 of my least favorite songs left   someone help  sad "
going to visit my favorite teacher  smile 
cavity  sad 
i hate stupid people 
