2a3e0137e6b64b094470abb2ef27a504
can't wait to get out
operation repo is my new favorite show
ahahhaahaha
needs more work to do   i dont feel busy enough   
leaves for bg tomorrow for registration
wonders why?
knitting    
i'm hungry
well leaving on saturday   here i come bg
hey people look for directions to my place in my notes
going to class    again    
waiting for my dad   
"hey, i added my bg address! everyone look it up and send me something   "
made an accopmplishment yesterday    i ate a whole meal using only chopsticks   i usually get mad and use a fork   or fingers   
well ive never seen a 30 member pep band out play 300 member marching band   sorry falcons   
can't think of something interesting for his status   
"coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee       smile "
easy peasy lemon squeezy
finds it interesting to listen to the economics of drug addiction   especially when analyzing diminishig marginal utility behavior   
will be walking in the toledo memory walk for the alzeimer's association and would like some donations!!!! if you would like to donate let him know asap    !
will be walking in the toledo memory walk for the alzeimer's association and would like some donations!!!! if you would like to donate let him know asap    !
needs to work out    sad    and he also needs donatioins for the memory walk on sep  20th    
cut his hair off    
not really sick any more!!!!!
would like to see a movie    
home for the weekend
will be at the invitational!!!!
that was rough    
's first concert is tonight   
95 on my food and nutrition exam!!!! well with the ten point curve   !!!!
"and <propfirst> cutright in just watced downloaded versions of \the last house on the left\"" (2009 and 1972) only to find out that it (2009) was badly bootlegged with a baby crying in the background the whole time and some man's heavy breathing   a phone vibrated three times along with a woman's conversation   it was a very good movie   """
"then we watched the older one thinking it wouldn't be as gory   we were wrong   as in 70's fashion, it was bad acting mixed with semi-porn   (most of the actors were of the \industry\"")     overall the last 10 minutes were vengeful and grotesque    score?"""
why is farmville addicting   
is home from <propmale>    wink 
is not a fan of fire evacs  at 3am    
what a nice rainy day    in bg
made a new friend with drunken mike    gotta love halloween   
",<propfirst>, and <propfirst> had an interesting evening   "
"!!thanks everybody! college is good for me <propfirst>, you? and <propfemale>, i love bg!"
thanks guys!!!! and gals!!!!! i've had an awsome b-day
has 54 songs to learn for band   
"learned that, according to statisticians, \friends don't let friend use excel \"" today in stats    """
is actually thankful he did not say a bad word during the accident    
is going to write a wonderful book review highlighting the great igor stravinsky!!!
"has another concert today   playng sundance, chorale and shakerdance, and on a hymn song for <propfirst> bliss   "
wants stuffing    
is mad beyond mad    never saw the missed call on a job interview    apparently someone else has been selected   
no place like bg
dislikes econ 2020
is excited that he gets to give a presentation about stravinsky next week   
wonders what it would be like to go back to the original facebook   
found out that his econ 2020 final is comprehensive!!!! crap   
just finished econ 2020      finally
wants to delete his farmville app   this is a big decision and needs guidance   
"was e playful ecting all a's and a b(econ)  however, had a dream last night that they were all a's   decided to check   somehow econ became an a   don't ask me how  i had a 75 average   ????? but i won't complain with a 4 0   "
is home from ky  and kinda misses bg    
realizes he can't be selfish   
finally deleted his farmville   !!!
likes the new microwave!!!
these are the days we'll <propfemale> forever   embrace them in your heart   share love with others   kc
boring day   
starting my homework     
is trying to find a productive way to spend his free time    
spent a good part of the day watching a showdown between a hawk and a squirrel  hawk gave up and squirrel ran like hell   
spent a good part of the day watching a showdown between a hawk and a squirrel  hawk gave up and squirrel ran like hell   
hates being sick   can't wait for nyquil to kick in   
"is tired of girls who sing the <propfemale> spangled banner badly at sporting events   they need to realize that they should just sing the song   they don't need to be like <propfirst>, they don't need to make there own harmony   just sing the notes that were written decades ago   "
wonders if the weekend can come any sooner   
is about to go <propfemale> out with his best friends <propfemale> keller <propfirst> cutright and <propfirst> ewing!!! yay!
is about to go to the avalon monclova houses   a cottage style nursing facility   
has nothing to do today   maybe   but he's going to the manor at perrysburg tomorrow for another tour   he's excited for that   kinda nerdy he knows but this his future    
needs to update his status   
can hold on to money for long   
wishes the dial would get rid of theme days     
is enjoying the time he has left in ky   
feels like he's been doing homework for the past two days   and still not finished   and missing all of the nice weather   
hates writing   
"busy, busy, busy    "
"is very disappointed in the students involved with partnerships for success    when did dedication, commitment, and duty lose importance? not to mention helping others    have we really become that egocentric and antithetical to the \go getting\"" attitude?"""
can't wait to be in bellbrook in two weeks   
in memory of <propmale> d  ratliff   seven years
has his last day of classes today   then one more week and 2 finals   
is sorry for everyone who got this really weird wall post    it is like facebook spam    it goes out to like all your friends if you add the app   big mistake!!!!!!!!!
i'll be home this time tomorrow!!!
happy mommy day!!!
is waiting to hear if he got the job at speedway    
great job bellbrook music department!!
is about to start another boring day alone    annoyed 
had bad dreams   like usual   and now for a run around town   
is happy that one of his favorite book series is continuing with its 12th book!!
wishes good luck to <propfirst> ewing this morning!!!
is tired   had to clutch juggle in stop n' go traffic north of dayton on 75   
mayday   mayday   i need a freezer! my fridge has gone out and i need to save food!!!!!
is making <propfemale> apple pies in the morning   mmmm
wishes he could sit and read all day   oh wait   he already does that   
almost hitting a deer going 70 mph on carpenter rd   scary funny - having a dude on a motorcycle ride up behind me   annoying - seeing that dude on a motorcycle almost crash because he didn't see the dead raccoon in the middle of the road because he was riding up behind me    priceless!!! it was an interesting drive home tonight   
thought the mellos looked great yesterday!! and is excited for this week!
is counting down the days left of summer   
is ready for bg tomorrow   really excited!
so much construction   bg doesn't look like bg anymore   
has homework on the first day   
is off to anatomy and physiology   
"hates all the construction around bg   fences, gravel, and the horrible smell of the open sewage drains all around campus    it is horrible"
"had got to play with a pig heart today in anatomy   lol   well, observe its structures rather   "
hates when his dreams turn out to be just like reality   what a nightmare   
"is trying to raise money for the alzheimer's association by walking in the annual alzheimer's walk in toledo, and would like to send the word out to any of you would like to donate and help the cause for more research and development let me know!!!!"
is full of chinese   
"has to create a nutritional education lesson plan for a target audience discussing a particular nutritional topic specific to the audience, while providing objectives, assessments, and educational aids  i need a group to educate! i'm looking for adults 40-60 who would like to volunteer "
is thankful for all of the birthday wishes he received from all of his friends and family!!!! it means so much to me!
not much longer   i need a break   
last day of class    
slept for way too long   
has to clean up my dog's vomit   thank's samps   
"the greatest wealth is to live content with little, for there is never want where the mind is satisfied  ----lucretius"
keen intuition is both a gift and a curse   
"philosophy of death and dying cancelled to morrow, and no other classes as well! that gives me 10 1 2 hours to write a paper, and read 3 articles! woo hoo     lol"
had a great time with the residents of bowling green manor making <propfirst>'s day crafts!!
three exams this week was fun   glad that it's over   lol
wishes he would have taken social policy and programs this semester   then i'd be able to take <propmale> writing in the fall     annoyed  o well    
"\it is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely \"" - <propfirst> einstein"""
glad to witness this day in history as bg closes for probably the 2nd time in 30 years    hahaha
sooo tired    
office of campus activities makes me want to pull my hair out!
   quelle suprise   lol
needs someone to interview for my class  any volunteers?
"is excited to be leading the reader's cafe at the bg senior center, a contemporary book club, starting in september!!!!"
studying for interviewing and observation final   
i need some coffee   
