7ac5fbf744816ef4e4e6823de7da3715
thinks all the heat is making people at work crabby
is looking forward to a day off   
is @ home with the 3 terrors
is already tired of hearing about <propfirst> <propmale>
is napping with the kids
is procrastinating
i think i'll be in mourning for about 120 seconds for <propfirst> mays
is stoked for 2 days off
will be home late tonite
my back is killing me
was surprised to find out we close an hour later now
is nearly finished with book#4
is safety conscious (because i'm chipping at the glacier)
is happy things are going better with friends
is watching movies allllll day-my day off
is not looking forward to getting chewed out 4 labor
is using a cane at this point because of the back
"ditched the cane, resorted to walking like a penguin   seems to be working out"
just got back from the fair with the kids   not cool on the back   esp the dragon roller coaster!
grimmace   wtf?
"still loves \a fish called wanda\""   classic!"""
is looking for a back transplant
ughhh   2 early 4 work   
nap time!!!!!!!!!
reaaadddddyyyy 4 bedddd   
"says annoyed he got hit in the kisser\"" mari: \""what's a kisser?\"" me annoyed ""what do you think you kiss with?\"" jude annoyed ""a girl?\"""""
"is diggin' the back brace, although my gut is now near my chest"
"ok    i had a new shot tonite, had a \y\"" and an \""e\"" in the name   something european i was told   tasted like black licorice   i'm ready 4 bed now"""
getting fat again
"got discharged from the hospital today, had lost a lot of blood so i got a transfusion, definitely feel bloated from all the saline, getting around is a little slow, but should be back to work on monday"
"apparently i'm not superman, and bleeding ulcers can kill you"
a couple days off   maybe some fishing?
"with a face like that, i think we have a new \cover girl\"""""
   tired   so tired   
can't wait for school to start   gotta get rid of the kids
2 days off!!!
"is cleaning, watching the kids, fbing, you know-multitasking   "
thinks this ulcer diet is working
genealogy stuff is fun but very frustrating sometimes   
"friday fish, i've missed you, but we'll get together tonight!"
"kids off to school, finally   and there was much rejoicing   yay "
it sure is quiet around here
happy to see the fam again-especially the birthday girl
had an uneventful but nice night at work   went smooth
thank you everybody   now to go back to doing absolutely nothing for the rest of the day!
spoon!
maybe fishing wednesday?
can't quit the escape games   ughhhh
sleep is the only remedy for being sick
da da da da dah   i'm lovin' it!
says cross-dressing isn't a costume   even if it is halloween   very disturbing   
i'm missing my kids grow up  sad 
disappointed to have missed lutefisk tonight
is glad it's finally autumn weather
happy veteran's day!  thank you to all the men and women that have and are protecting our country every day   proud to be an american!!!
is proud to support rmhc
has decided to never overindulge again   bad things happen to good people and i don't remember anything
is starting to get sick of getting the shaft
was heartbroken watching kaia get shots this morning
wonders what they'll complain about this time
is gearing up for turkey
let's see if i can do this again without all the drama
i can't access my profile page   what's up with that???
sick of closing
drama starts with a capital m
"looking for 3 harnesses, 3 horseshoes, and 1 nail, as well as help to build my e playful anded chicken coop   thanks!"
only 3 harnesses and 3 horseshoes to go!  thanks everyone!
brewers win!!! fuku cubs!
"why do people call and not leave a message?  if it's that important, i'll call you back   otherwise, don't e playful ect a call"
isn't it amazing that obama still blames bush for everything that's going wrong in his term???  grow some balls and take responsibility jackass!!!
everything is fine   please don't jump to conclusions
"mom's surgery started at 12 surprise 5, should be done by 2, please keep her and the surgeons in your prayers"
"everything sounds good with mom, went to see her, should go home tomorrow or thursday"
<propfemale> turns 5 today   wish her a happy birthday if you see her!
how's that hope and change workin' out for ya?
thank you for all the birthday wishes   they were very thoughtful
how are you not embarrassed still driving around with that obama bumper sticker?
why is a day off from work never a day off?
anyone out there available to watch the kids for us so we can go out for a bit??
"a big thanks to my amazing, gorgeous, fantastic wife, <propfemale>, that let me go out last night to see an old friend   then let me sleep until 1pm after getting in at 4 smile 0am   how'd i ever get so lucky   i'll never know     i love you <propfemale>!"
thinks it's time to fumigate the house   sick of spider bites
"11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close, 11-8, close   don't know how much more of this i can take"
26 days   
25 days   
24 days   
23 days   
22 days   
21 days   
20 days   
19 days   
18 days   
17 days   
16 days   
15 days   
curveball   2 weeks   
13 days   
12 days   
11 days   
"10 days   and on another note   21 days til <propfemale>'s 21st birthday \<--you're welcome, cuz, and i'll finish your countdown after nov 2nd    "
9 days   
8 days   
"you have 1 week to decide which candidate(s) to vote for   if you are against the way the current administration is taking our country, go vote   if you are supportive of the current administration's actions, go vote   if you complain about politics and you don't vote,  shut your pie hole because your opinion doesn't even count!"
6 days   
5 days   vote or shut up about politics   your choice   
4 days   
3 days   
2 days   
1 day   
time to go get your vote on!
brewers' choice for skipper is angels' roenicke   how 'bout that for politics?
11 days    
10 days   
so apparently i'm now labeled a racist because i didn't back obama's agenda and vote democrat 
9 days   
8 days   
msnbc suspends <propfirst> olbermann indefinitely for contributing to democratic campaigns   hmmm another reason i gladly watch fox news
7 days   
"dilemma   go out for a bit, or stay in and watch tv alone until i fall asleep"
"yeah, i know, wrong choice "
5 days   
4 days   
"3 days, <propfemale>"
happy veteran's day   thank a vet!
2 days   
party starts tomorrow!
"time's up!  a very happy 21st birthday across the country to my cousin, <propfemale>, with love from our family!"
"lutefisk, here i come!"
"i actually made it to church this morning   and early, too!"
"still not done raking, but made progress   hope the leaf vacuum guys aren't done for the year"
that <propfirst> <propmale>'s full of shit
finally dropped off a huge mental load today   things will be brighter
i am thankful for my family   smile 
|:
"yes, it's 3 smile 3am, leaving for work in 10 minutes   sleep pattern?  what sleep pattern?"
rip <propfirst> nielsen   you will be missed  sad 
i  love  my wife
there goes the sleeping pattern again   3 smile 6 am and off to work in 5 minutes
222 groups businesses unions have gotten waivers and are now exempt from obamacare now   hmmmm
funny how a person's political views makes someone de-friend you   how childish 
get to have another egd monday morning!  yea!  at least the drugs are great 
<propfemale> christmas!  don't forget why we celebrate this special day 
fml
tron tonight - show starts at 8:55 at <propmale> on <propmale> - who's with me?
why does it feel that whatever i do turns out to be a big waste?  i'm done!
"so, who wants to come over and watch the packer game with me on sunday?  i'm stuck with the kids and can't go anywhere   anybody?  anybody?  bueller?"
"invitation still open, anyone want to come over and watch the game?  52\ hd style"""
put in <propmale> grossman!!!  who?
lombardi trophy is coming home!
"my monthly visitor never showed in december, i thought i was over it, guess who showed up last night?  something is seriously wrong with me and the doctors don't know crap!"
"called in to work, still sick, went to the doc, have another gi appt next week   i wish i had a brain tumor   at least i would know what was wrong with me!!!"
anyone having a superbowl party?  i need an excuse to make chili!
"pulling out my hair wondering why do i even bother with \small\"" home projects when it seems like my half-day projects turn into one-week projects?"""
"enjoyed a great, nail-biting game last night, proud to be a packer fan, they deserved it   now, if the bears would have been in the superbowl, they would have gotten their a$$es whooped by a great steelers team   thanks for a great season!"
head gash + 3 staples + pain = long day at work
"no solid foods, only clear liquids until tomorrow night   could this week get any better?"
to celebrate <propfirst>'s day change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other and be sure to tell how long you have been together!
"i support <propfirst> <propmale> and what he is trying to do for the good of our great state of wisconsin   that said, this will piss off about 90% of the people on my friends list right now   so here's your <propmale> to un-friend me for my opinions   "
"shamrock shakes start friday and i have off the whole weekend, thank god!  woohoo!!!"
"so glad my kids go to private school, they already had thursday off so we had it covered   no walk-outs here "
3 days off !!!  3 days off !!!
"i think i'll go out and protest protesting, and then go for friday night fish "
not sure if i really want to go back to work after a nice weekend off 
"no, you can't get a shamrock shake with chocolate ice cream   no, we can't make an exception just this once "
fv peeps - i only need 2 more people to help with my barn raising  go to my <propfemale> and scroll down till you find the barn raising link - should be dated saturday!  thanks!
"2 balloons in his pants to give him a \booty\"" to show off"""
mri day today!  yay!
anybody willing and able to watch our children friday night 5 smile 0-8 and saturday night 4-8?
i love when you can use social media to see that the people that call in sick have let's say   other plans than going to work 
"i'm lazy, i'm a racist, i'm an ignorant a-hole, i'm clueless, i'm a stupid conservative, i'm uneducated, i'm a gay-basher, i'm close-minded, i'm a hater, i'm foolish, i'm anti-muslim, i'm anti-american   did i leave anything out?  feel free to add on to the continuing list   sticks and stones   bring it!"
"i don't un-friend people, i get un-friended   who are the intolerant ones?  not me   you can have your views whether i agree with them or not   i look past politics and look at the person   i don't un-friend catholics because i'm not catholic, i don't un-friend left-handed people because i'm not left-handed, i don't un-friend liberals because i'm not a liberal, etc , etc   again, who are the intolerant ones?  not me "
"so, over the last 2 weeks, 4 sets of friends have had babies   it's a good thing we didn't drink what they drank 9 months ago!  congratulatios to them and us!"
off to bed   another 4am to 2 smile 0 shift? i hope not
happy 38th birthday to my wonderful mother!  i  love  you!
