3098176bf8f342fc94f0e1b9cff3ae2f
"thinks it's time to blow this scene  get everybody and the stuff together  ok, three, two, one let's jam! happy jew year evryones!"
"thinks it's time to blow this scene  get everybody and the stuff together  ok, three, two, one let's jam!"
is back from bonnaroo!!!
is on facebook  finally 
"finally deleted his myspace account after over a year of inactivity  next up, faceboook!!!"
i've got blistas on me fingas!!!
is ssoooo boreed with life  why can't the semester start already!?
's sick  bleeh
abides
"is taking a study break to go play guitar on the roof of his apt  great idea, <propfirst>"
"is goin to bed, finally  meteor showers make life better "
"got kicked off his roof today by some dude in a golf cart  who was i hurting other than, potentially, myself?"
needs an ipod touch
finally found a rap song that he likes  thanks <propfemale> and <propfemale>  love   
's joining <propmale> gore in the fight to stop manbearpig  i'm super cereal  excelsior!!!!
's biological clock no longer strikes 4:20
went $60 over utilities  thats $677 82 for rent this month     how can you make that much money tossing salads at minimum wage? i call shenanigans!
's only a teenager for 14 more days  crying 
bleeehhhh
can sleep when he's dead
saw <propmale> miller tonight and it was fuuucking awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
"doesn't care what it says on paper, he's gonna be a teenager for the rest of his life "
doesnt get why morbidly obese people get handicapped stickers  if anything they should have to park in the back of the lot so they have to take their fatass for a walk 
is gonna have a happy birthday! and thank you all for the happy birthday wishes! let's get ssshhhwwwaaasstteed!!!!
thank's everyone for their bday wishes  it was so intense it took me 3 days just to get back on facebook  thanks everyone!
hates rearranging his busy schedule for no reason  at least i get another hour of sleep 
thinks it's time for a little saxophone therapy
's getting pretty old
spent 12 hours in a dreamland last night where everything was as it should be  i hate waking up 
needs one of his techno savvy friends to help him with his ipod troubles
"thinks it's time to blow this scene  get everybody and the stuff together  ok, three, two, one let's jam!"
"thinks it's time to blow this scene  get everybody and the stuff together  ok, three, two, one let's jam! in boca, the city i should have never left  apparently "
went a-wall for a night and had an amazing night!  smile 
the new family guy movie was ssoooo funny
's creative juices are flowing  time for some sax
"\let's get more stoned than a saudi arabian woman who leaves the house without a male escort\"""""
made it two days  time for a goodnight sleep
is excited for bowling tonight and disappointed you're not there!
"learned today that the need to use the restroom increases tenfold during physical activity  maybe if he went for a run on campus instead of to campus he wouldn't have had to desecrate that poor homeless man's box  it's ok, i gave him a dollar for his troubles "
"thinks it's time i blow this scene  get everybody and my stuff together  ok, three, two, one, let's jam!!!"
$1 bowling tonight 9 smile 0 at boardwalk bowl
"is hoping his first goodnight sleep of the week will cure his depression  sweet dreams, here i come"
can sleep when he's dead  time to write a literacy narrative 
"3 smile 0 am and im burning the candle at both ends      <propfemale> vu, this is a bad trend    "
apologizes to <propfirst> <propfirst> hoon  that concert's gonna have to wait 
"is so glad he rewarded himself during the few hours of free time he had this week at an awesome party he wasnt invited too  happy birthday <propfirst>, i had an amazing night!"
can't wait for bonnaroo 2010!!
can't believe those nassholes  i waited all night in the cold and wet mud just so they can scrub the mission because of clouds? we really should outsource this to <propfemale>    
is gonna see this shuttle launch if it kills him 
need's somebody to love 
needs somebody to love  not need's  whoops 
thinks <propfirst> <propfirst> is the best american history teacher hes ever had 
used to think all you need is love  now he knows all you need is money
"you may think im crazy for not sleeping, but who gets to enjoy the sunrise every morning?"
is having one of those nights  fml
"'s cell phone officially broke, just like his keychain  the perfect end to the worst night of the year"
is cleaning house  in every sense of the phrase
can't wait for this week to be over  in fact he cant wait for this life to be over  he needs to be held
is the only person jynxed enough to get a sunburn in the freezing cold  thats what i get for petitioning all day
played a show so awesome tonight that everyone skipped foreward in time exactly one hour  it was massive
"i think it's time i blow this scene  get  everybody and my stuff together  ok, three, two, one, let's jam!!!"
fuck cancer in the ass!
needs a nintendo wii and redsteel 2 asap!!!
's taking his mind off his many troubles with an all new southpark  maybe seeing them kill <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> will brighten my mood
bleeeeehhhhh
just turned on the news to find nany grace believes polygraphs and hypnotists are credible ways to get evidence  im losing my faith in humanity 
zombieland!
had an amazing passover seder last night  ???? ??? ???? ????? ???
"fell off the face of the book  who are we kidding, i jumped  don't get too sucked in everybody!"
's a sad panda
"when youre single again, you remember how valuable body pilows are "
"saved the day     for a suburban family living in waterford lakes  well, it's not superman quality, but it's a start "
thinks everyone should come out to support him at pulse tonight!
is singing at pulse tonight  come cheer me on!
broke his phone  new one on friday!
"doodily doo, ding <propfirst> doodily doodily doo"
what cures heartache?
"got his new phone! if you have my number, text me your name!"
got a new phone! text me your name!
wishes he was a dog
aaahhh real monsters!
finally going to spin fire tonight  ssoooo excited!!
"loves dragging his ass out of bed to go to work in the morning just to remember he switched shifts and doesnt really start until 4  oh well, at least it woke me up "
"smells the kerosene, and it smells go surprise od!"
loves having zombie nightmares  it's like my life is a b movie 
"malkovich, malkovich? malkovich malkovich malkovich!"
is it facebook appropriate to call someone a nazi?
"used to spend nights like this chopping up half naked co-eds with a machete  in the abandoned summer camp out in the woods  but tonight, he's just gonna party  happy friday the 13th everyone  laugh "
is there anyone in <propmale> who thinks they can give me even the smallest challenge in a game of tennis? anyone!? i can't be this good
remembered how awesome it was in elementary school when the teacher let us rub shaving cream all over our desks to clean them
"love is a drug, and i need to score"
gave the denizens of boca some great sax last night  everyone in south florida should come to my next show at deefield pier on saturday! jamming out at big kahuna's kava bar at 10!
happy birthday jesus!
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!! you guys are awesome!!
re-invented himself once again 
feels good deleting homophobic relatives from facebook  let them waste away in the sea of ignorance that is the redneck lifestyle
"\don't judge a man until you've walked two moons in his moccasins \""  2nd best fortune cookie ever!"""
"left his phone behind today  sorry, ladies, i wont be available till tomorrow night"
"<propfirst> zamparello is a loser  i want to make it clear that i hate twilight, and i lost respect for all of my friends who liked that status she put up  do you know what kind of people have sex with vampires? vampires are dead  that makes them necrophiliacs, and thats disgusting "
is straight up ninja 
loves how winter is a season to rekindle his relationship with the heat setting on his hair dryer 
"hopes you all get lost in the dismal haze that is christmas shopping  i bet if jesus came back and found out you celebrate his birthday by buying other people gifts, he'd be one pissed off heeb "
time to toss the day's salad!
is in so <propfemale> for the weekend! happy early birthday jesus!!!
last day in boca!
"is glad to be back in the hellish monotomy of <propmale>, really  time to lay my aching head to rest before another day packed full of tedious bullshit    someone bring me a shot, please "
wishes he could hop in a time machine and travel to the distant future where he's lead a full and happy life so he can just die already 
today is the 166th birthday of the publication of <propmale> <propfirst> poe's the <propfemale>  goth kids everywhere should rejoyce 
want's to see black swan  everyone says it's awesome 
wants to play volleyball!
time to suck the day's <propmale>!
saw a midget smoking a cigarette on campus  doesn't she know those things stunt your growth?
"can run twice as far with half the damage now that he's got these awesome 5-finger running shoes  vibram, im your biggest fan!"
"is not your friend, so why are you reading his status? hmmm    "
just got a 100% on an exam after less than 5 minutes of studying      i thought statistics were supposed to be challenging    
"didn't know his notebook was inadvertently soaked in kerosene, but his classmates now think he's some sort of crazy pyromaniac "
bonnarooo000oooo0000oooo!!!!
is in such a grey mood  good thing i love that color 
finally starting to feel the fatigue after almost 2 months of daily running 
"when you feel your life ain't worth living \you've got to stand up and\take a look around you then a look way up to the sky \and when your deepest thoughts are broken, \keep on dreaming boy, cause when you stop dreamin' it's time to die"
only an antisocial psychologist would run an independent-sample t-test 
is silently judging you when you present in spanish class     
"no rehearsal?! no work tomorrow morning!? no responsibilities for a good 24 hour chunk of my life!? is this that \weekend\"" thing everyone's always working for!? i'm not gonna jynx it by asking questions  i'm just gonna go get drunk and spin fire  happy weekend everyone!"""
self-medication is the best medication  smile 
lost five more pounds!!!
yay pilates!!!
"they say when you pet a dog it helps increase serotonin  levels in your brain  i wonder what happens when you fall asleep using a welsh corgi as a pillow  sweet dreams, here i come!"
"hello, boca! oh how i almost missed you "
"running, running lines, perception hw, beach!!!"
's just oozing with filial piety 
watching get him to the greek with mom  how many times does this fat kid throw up in this movie? ive lost count
needs more music  anyone have suggestions?
can't sleep when there's such good music in the air 
"so make your siren's call\and sing all you want\i will not hear what you have to say\\cause i need freedom now\and i need to know how\to live my life as it's meant to be"
nothing like a yuengling to help analyze t-tests and anova tables  i can only interpret statistical data while tipsy 
"spent 16 hours on campus today, running off of beer and diet pills, and now the real fun begins!"
i didnt get to see a midget dressed as a leprechaun today  how sad  crying 
unpoopared - adj  not being quite prepared for buttsex  etymology: <propfirst> zamparello
breakthrough - take 2!!!! everyone come see the big gay play i'm in!!!!
"can officially run 2 <propmale> in 13 minutes, albeit the last two took a little longer to complete  goddamn chinese food!"
"so happy i got some lift-weighting done before my run today  and now, breakthrough - take 3!"
adderall and caffeine before a run was not the most prudent decision of my day  next time ill go back to cigarettes and chocolate milk
