4a145cbdde3c57667f58f666a940e09a
"just chillin' with the boyfriend, cleanin' up <propfemale>'s house cuz her parents come home tonight  hit up the cell- 734~718~9538"
going to bed   
so fuckin' pissed!!!!!
why am i depressed?    
@ 5p m  today i get my first tattoo   and i'm so nervous 
tattoo is done!!!!
officially 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg! thee internets how i  have missed thee   lol
let's just not even talk about it     isn't that what we always do?
"wow, my life is boring    [i am now addicted to mlia!]"
chillin' like a villian with the elle  sippin' on some md 
missin' my baby  babysittin for the aunt  school tomorrow    ugh! nap after school   yay!
"it's kinda sad when you begin to notice just how many of your \good friends\"" forget about you with time    what happened to saying \""friends forever\"" and actually staying friends forever  whatever you know what fuck all of you  i don't need you now and i probably won't need you in the future """
having fun reading mlia and typing randome things in mystery google 
"i still love you, but i don't know if i can do this anymore    "
i've lost ten pounds sittting around doing nothing  tell me how this works   
"my tummmy is trying to eat itself, i guess i should feed it, i really don't want to though, but whatev  bored out of my 'effin mind, someone come chill with me and fenton!"
all alone with 2 dogs  this is going to be a boring weekend 
kinda scared of being in this house by myself   
"i'm getting my ass to bed early, i haven't slept in two days  night!"
"fuck this shit, i haven't slept in 2 days, and now i'm up at 6 smile 0 a m  again and cleaning     kill me?"
"passing kidney stones is so not fun, txt or call me, cuz i think i'm just gonna go lay down   "
"i thought racism was over people, we are all humans, people, there is no color, we're all mutts  so get the fuck over yourself and stop being fake "
f*** nye! ugh!
"crappy start to a new year, ugh      "
i'm getting blacker by the day! ahhhhhhhhh! lol! really though i'm scared    help?
"sittin' in the backyard, gettin' some sun  gotta tan this pale skin    lol"
"if it wasn't so goddamn cloudy out, it would be a gorgeous stargazing night  damn you, heathen clouds!"
easter sucks this year!
"it better storm, cuz i wanna fall asleep to the sound of thunder&&lightening "
i'm going to frankenmuth bitches!!!!  love 
time to chow down on this monstrous b l t !!!
crazy little thing called l o v e 
hangin' out with the boo 
can you make this promise to me? make it back in one piece 
"lazy daze, hazy ways, killin' time, life's just sublime "
chillin' at home  bored out my mind  txt me if you wanna do anything 
i got tacos on my mind  fuck you <propfemale>! ( joyful )
"going home, to bed, txt me if you wanna talk, otherwise if i don't answer i'm sleeping  love ya darlings   love "
"at the boo's house, txt me   love "
"it's the boo's birthday! happy quarter of a century, baby!"
at the steez's house  call txt me 
"ok ppl, i need help, i'm workin' on this story and i need some advice  so if you got some for me, im me @ originalbrownkid on aim  peace& love "
happy 4 20 bitches!!! ( joyful )
"still at the steez's, be home tomorrow  call txt "
going home today  i'm fuckin' hungover like a mothafucka  call txt
"in fenton, helpin pack up  txt me if you wanna talk, or just hit me up here  peace& love "
"it's amazing, i've actually completely survived an all-nighter  yes! peace&&love"
"omg! i just realized it's earth day    teehee  well happy birthday earth, that's right i have declared today earth's birthday "
i better be getting big strong muscles from moving all this heavy shit    i hurt   (-_-) peace&&love
"i just loaded and unloaded, a washer&dryer, dishwasher, and deep freezer, oh and a 50lb tv  i'm gonna hurt tomorrow  (-_-) peace&&love"
"almost broke my finger today, luckily i didn't but it still hurts like a bitch  (-_-) going to bed, possibly gonna do a couple laps in the pool, in the a m  night y'all  peace&&love"
"he pisses me off so god damn much, how was that my responsibility, and i swear i don't even fuckin' remember him giving it to me  whatever i'll look for it, but he hangs up on me one more god damn fucking time    grrrr!"
takin' a nap cuz i'm still exhausted  nigh-night 
"i feel so much better now, did 25 laps in the pool, and i'm way out of practice  gonna call the steez, then probably bed  if you wanna talk, hit me up  peace&&love"
"[home] hopefully gonna see the steez today, call txt if you wanna <propfemale> out or anything "
it's gorgeous outside  chillin' on the back porch with the puppy  happy to finally be home  i didn't think i'd actually miss it  call txt if you wanna talk  peace&&love 
"bored out my mind  busy tomorrow from 1-4, hopefully mom will take me to cj's after  love you mommy   lmao ( joyful ) peace&&love"
"i need to find a life, <propfemale> and reading just isn't cuttin' it anymore "
"22 days and i cross the stage, now let us just hope my klutzy ass doesn't fall on my face  cuz that's what i'm thinking is gonna happen  just my luck  peace&&love"
iron man 2! hellz yeah!!!\\n tà  !tà màr!3
"i cross the stage in 9 days, woot then my high school career is officially over  thank the gods! bored out my mind  call txt me if you wanna chill!"
hittin' the sack  call txt if you need anything  night y'all 
having girl-time with <propfemale>  being lame and planning our dream weddings  i feel so girly    ( joyful )  love 
i'm officially done with high school  woot woot! congrats class of 2010!
"hangin' out with the fam  trying to go to the mall  hit me up, if you wanna chill "
"up north at the grandparents  havin' a blast  going sunning, then possibly swimming  summer 2010, here i come! ( joyful )"
"it's raining, and i wanted to tan today  damn michigan weather  my phone is dead and i get no service, so sowwy  i'll let everyone know when i'm coming home  peace&&love"
"personal affection is a luxury you can have only after all your enemies are eliminated  until then, everyone you love is a hostage, sapping your courage and corrupting your judgement  -orson <propfirst> car"
"luckily there is a nice breeze outside, or it would be way to unbearable for my black @$$ to be out here  -cries- it's supposed to be 89 degrees on friday!!! kill me now, or forever hold your peace  peace&&love"
"anyone up for hangin' out with my lame ass? i need something to do besides talk to my dog     i know sad, right?"
"well if anyone wants to chill, hit up the cell  going back to the dungeon, cuz it's about to rain  peace&&love"
"i'm in love with somebody\found someone who completes me\i'm in love with somebody, oh yeah\and it's not you\\halestorm=epic"
who's got a pool? i need a pool  brown kid is dying of heat  please????
my toesies are cold  watchin' <propmale> of the hill with the gnome   lmao 
cupcakes!!! (* joyful  wink 
"i don't understand how people can sit in their house all day and not start going crazy  like seriously, go outside do something  but don't make me sit here with you  i'm going to lose my god damn mind  kill me now, please    or someone come and save me "
"think of me when your out there, i'll beg you nice from my knees  it's a shame i'm a dream  'cause all i wanted was you "
we're paintin' the town red tonight!!!
"so the grad party was awesome! finally got the whole i d  thing taken care of, permit time next week  now just for school to get here sooner   ahhhhh!"
"well world, it's time for me to close my eyes and shut thee out a k a snore loud as fuck  see ya when i get up early in the fuckin' morning "
"haven't slept in almost 48 hours  up on a steady diet of mt  dew and paramore  should probably do some laundry, that sounds like a plan  just to figure out how to get up off my couch "
got new shoes!!!! yay!
"i'm so sick and tired of listening to everyone bitch  if you don't think somethings right do something about, stop being a fucking pussy "
"i wanna go home and see my baby, but that's not gonna happen cuz it's raining  imy&ily    babe!"
\going to foxnews com for politics," is like asking the horse who won the race \""\"4a145cbdde3c57667f58f666a940e09a,my new hair is awesome! first day of classes tomorrow    yippie!
"it's way too early for my ass to be up, but that's the price i pay for wanting to go to college  whatev, in the end i'll be making $160,000 a year, so suck on that "
i like it on the couch 
"math exam in a half an hour, 6 <propfemale> psych term paper due in 3 weeks, and a 10 <propfemale> group paper on chinese architecture due in a month and a half  it doesn't seem like much when i type it all out, but my brain says otherwise "
off to ancient world  math exam was easy as shit  now to get crackin' on my psych term paper  wish me luck  and sleep   lol
i need to take back bottles    i need more crack(a k a  mtn  dew) anyone wanna take some bottles back with me?
being sick sucks  i think my baby is gonna come take care of me tomorrow  yay!
"the psych  exam was pretty easy, i'm sure i did ok if not well  those essay questions kind of stumped me, but i think i did alright on them "
"sleep deprived, and i still have 2 more classes  god damn my wanting a phd  yeah it's worth it in the end    9 years from now     ugh!"
ugh! i hate this whole not having a car or my licence thing  like i'd really like to be able to leave campus as soon as my class lets out but i can't cause i have to wait for my ride  my life sucks ass!!!
facebookin' from the t v    epic!!!! now to go check on my blankets and to try to straighten my unruly hair some more  peace in hair grease!  love 
"i'm wearin' my purple, are you? support lgbtqqia spirit day and wear your purple "
"i'm fucking hungry  i want a strawberry poptart, but i have to fucking wait till class is over  damn these 2 1 2 hour long classes  they take to long to be over "
"i'm like half asleep, and i'm gonna try to learn psychology  why do i have a feeling this isn't gonna work out so well "
nov  19th! harrypotter!!! omg! yes! i can't wait   yay!!!  laugh 
"it's just one of those days  where nothing goes right, so you just wanna stay locked away in your room and never face the world again "
16 days! who know's what happens in 16 days? cuz i do   laugh 
"it's f***ing freezing outside, damn you college, for making me spend 12 hours walking around campus  i can't feel my toes!!!!"
is it possible to be a hypochondriac about being a hypochondriac???
"seriously, you come to class to learn shit, don't complain when someone ask the teacher to e playful lain something just cause your a dumbass that doesn't care "
"i'm sorry to all the ppl i've ever wronged, i'm sorry for all the things i've said  it's a lot harder to let go than i thought it would be, but i'm trying    "
"i can't cross a bridge, that was never built  i can't burn it down, if it didn't exist  i won't build it now, cause it's too late  and i won't let you, cause i don't need it  so thanks for everything, and for nothing  i've made it this far, i can make it further   "
totally just rocked that exam!!! hellz yeah!
"i wish you were here, next to me    i miss you     love "
"boredom is the sole downfall of man, for if we were just able to keep busy, there would be no time for glutton, envy, etc  so come on let's keep busy people  lol  like that will happen anytime soon   "
"so much for being my friend forever, so much for being there whenever i need you  i've tried to be there for you, but you won't let me  and now you won't even talk to me  whatever your loss, i'm done wasting my tears on people that won't do the same for me "
"`cause i may be bad, but i`m perfectly good at it  sex in the air, i don`t care i love the smell of it  sticks and stones may break my bones, but chains and whips excite me "
"pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like nothing, you`re f*cking perfect    p!nk, how i love thee "
"omg! this paper is killing me, i`m already at 20 pages written, and i still have to edit, cite, and type  i`m gonna die from hand cramps   "
"your not easy to love  why is everything with you so complicated? why do you make it hard to love you? i hate it! `cause if you really wanna be alone, i will throw my hands up, `cause baby i tried  i`ma stick around just a little while, just to make sure you`re really sure you like sleeping alone "
finally got internets at the house  yay!
"goin' to the steez's tonight  thanksgiving with his family tomorrow, tattoo's after  hopefully shopping with <propfemale> friday  then nothing for the rest of the weekend, i should probably catch up on my psych  and anc  world notes  and atleast try to start my math review  maybe sunday "
"should probably go to sleep, but you know    gonna go <propfemale> out in the dungeon  txt me if you need me "
"i'm not one to be much different, than who i really am  i've lived my life for way too long, trying to please everyone else  sometimes i should probably, just bite my goddamn tongue  while i've said too much a few times, but how much is enough  for you, 'cause i don't want to lose you "
that dreams got me freaked to f**k out  i actually had to scream to get out of it  i'm gonna go eat a turkey pot pie and comfort myself now 
"going to bed, before the mama yells at me again  night "
"it's freezing outside, not cool  only 7 more hours of class left then i can go home to my nice warm bed    yay!"
"going to bed, i'm exhausted  night y'all "
google earth 3d is epic!!!
"well gotta get to bed, <propfemale> wants to sleep, and i'm exhausted  either tangled or burlesque tomorrow  hopefully the latter! night y'all   love "
<propfemale> harbor!!!! best movie ever!!!!!!!    smile 
making a dance playlist so i can re-start my workouts tomorrow  good luck to me!!!
"listinin' to some old school dmx shit right here! it's happening, oh god    "
"got my car!!!! yay! i just need to name her now, any good ideas?"
so it's official my new car's name is <propfemale>  i lovas her too!
"drove to school and home from school, freeway and all!!!!!yay!!!  love "
"waitin' for the mom, staring at snow, being cold  i just wanna go home and take a nap  i'm exhausted "
the night is the worst without you beside me    it holds more darkness than ever imaginable   
"totally just downloaded the \brave little toaster\"" which coincidentally is the shizite!!!!!"""
"time for bed, f***ing exhausted  been awake far too long  txt me, if you need to get at me  night   love "
"back to cleaning i go, then to take my notes for psych  if you wanna chill, txtme   love "
"i've officially found 5 of my siblings on facebook, lets see how many more i can track down "
night everyone!  love 
orderin' some happy's to fill my tumtum      yumyum!  laugh 
"getting off cuz my pc is being a jerk, plus fighting off a dog trying to steal your food with one hand doesn't work too well "
"i need a weigh-in here people, should i keep the bangs or scrap 'em?"
"i need some good bands to download, shoot me some peeps!"
"but darling, i'd still catch a grenade for ya\throw my hand on a blade for ya\i'd jump in front of a train for ya\you know i'd do anything for ya\\i would go through all this pain\take a bullet straight through my brain\yes, i would die for you, baby\but you won't do the same\\-<propmale> mars, grenade\favorite song of the day"
"my life is depressing, besides shopping today, and school all the other days, i haven't left my house in 2 weeks     ugh      sad "
"on that note, i must make the munchkin eggs, and finish with the cleaning of the dungeon  hit me up   love "
"bored out my mind and watching avatar: tla  lame i know but when you have nothing to do, what's a girl to do "
"bored, reading a book, trying to figure out what i'ma do tomorrow night  think i'm just gonna stay home and have some peoples over  if you got nothing better to do tomorrow night and wanna chill hit me up  peace&&love "
"woot! got the wireless hooked up, yay!!!"
"nothing to do, taking my road test later this week     yay! then i won't be stuck in the house, though i'll probably still never leave "
"has decided that she totally loves the movie \for colored girls\"" and will now hunt down the play and a copy of it on dvd   love """
"school books just got here, arabic here i come "
"going to bed, need sleep  to do list for tomorrow: finally clean room, mop floor, organize books, possibly rearrange furniture, straighten hair, find someone to trim my bangs, and start learning my arabic(yay!)  lots to do   love "
"i forgot to put laundry on my to do list, but i'll do that last "
today is just one of those days       ugh        sad 
being lame and looking for good sewing patterns for the swim dress from titanic  also finishing room cleaning  anyone wanna help? jkjk lol 
"\being colored is a metaphysical dilemma i haven't conquered yet \""\",4a145cbdde3c57667f58f666a940e09a,going to the steez's later with the gramps so he can get is 2nd tat  i have awesome grandparents!
"yay! back to school i go  only one class today, then it's arabic and anthropology tomorrow "
"first day of bio, pretty good  i'm gonna like my teacher "
"just woke up, i actually feel awake, shower then school  first day of arabic yay!"
"steez is gettin ready to leave, which makes him suck  probably gonna work on arabic homework, then bed "
"despite the fact that my mother probably thinks otherwise  -------------->\\if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom"
"for real it needs to be spring like now, i'm having flipflop shorts tanks withdrawals  i hate the cold!!! ugh         "
is busy putting her creative genius down on paper  yeah that's right!
"it's time to change for the better  time to get my shit together and my life moving  wait and see, all the people that said i wasn't good enough  just watch!"
"me: dude my dog's creeping me out \\melissa: why?\\me: cuz she just keeps staring at me, and i swear she's plotting either my death or my rape, could be either seeing as she's all horny and junk "
"going to <propfemale> out with <propfemale>, hit me up if you wanna chat  peace&&love "
"time for bed  homeworkhomeworkhomework, that's what tomorrow brings  hit me up if you ain't got shit to do  night y'all   love "
what to do? what to do? ahhhh! i need something to do     ugh     
just made steak & fried green beans     delicious  my mouth is in heaven!
"you know your life is sad, when you spend your night home alone talking to the dog    "
studying my arabic for tomorrow's exam     yay    not!
dude this arabic's kicking my ass already and i just started    ugh     what was i thinking?!
"\searching is half the fun: life is much more manageable when thought of as a scavenger hunt as opposed to a surprise party  \"" \",4a145cbdde3c57667f58f666a940e09a,going to get my second tat     yay!!!! i'll post pictures when i get home!
holy cow! today is *bubblewrapappreciationday!*
"i may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman, nor do i have the perfect body  i may not be everybody's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i may not be proud of some things in my past, but i am proud of who i am today  so take me as i am, or watch me as i walk away  post if you're proud of being you  "
"time for bed, gotta go to class in the morning    yay             not          ugh"
"is yet again putting my literary genius down on paper, or at least in the hard drive on my computer    lol  this will be a long one too! yay, i love writing! only when i don't have writer's block though    lmao "
"gosh darnit! i don't give a flying rats tush about the super bowl, i just wanna watch glee!"
"just so everyone knows it seems that my phone has decided to leave me for an indefinite time, it just disappeared  so yeah "
"hey everyone, i got a new phone, so text me with your name so i can build up my contacts list again   love "
just ordered some new books online with my border's gift card  wootwoot!!!! **newbooksdance**
"class 2-4, then i don't know afterwards  all i know is that i'm freezing, cuz basements suck for warmth "
"fine whatever, sleep all you want now  just don't bitch at me for trying to wake you up, then bitch at me again in the morning when i didn't wake you up  hope you have a great morning "
first chapter for my epic literary genius has been posted! yay!
"bout to go pick up some pizza, then off to barnes&nobles then border's with elle <propmale> and cj  i  love  them!"
"needs to stop looking at pit bull rescue sites, before i start crying, and decide to give my life to saving these amazing dogs      i want them all!!!"
man this arabic and me we're gonna have words in a minute  luckily class is cancelled for tomorrow so i get the <propmale> to show it who's boss 
<propfemale> lusty thighs
time to fight my hair and see if it will agree to let me curl it today 
"secretary of state tomorrow @ 9 for plates and tabs, then road test monday @ 11:45  woot woot!"
"it's way too early, but i'm up and awake, my shoulder is killing me  road test today at 11:45, then cleaning later  wish me luck!"
passed the test! woot woot!!!!
"watchin' conan and playing angry birds, night well spent, i think so "
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends in your sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\\<propfemale> mcstubb <propfemale> maczuga elle <propmale> <propfirst> <propfemale> bloetscher <propfirst> dillard\i'm only kinda screwed, at least i know i'll be drunk & laughing when my brains get eaten "
today is a short shorts day!
"the mo is the shit, and it was awesome seeing him tonight  just thought he'd like to know that   laugh "
it's so nice outside i think i just might go to the park   love 
"i don't know what hurts worst, your words or the tears i'm crying over them   "
"it's bedtime now, time to lay my head down, and let the sweet sweet dreams roll "
you can take the cookie and shove it up your--yeah!?
i love vagina!!!!!
rub it all up on my dingaling
everyone my facebook has been stolen by <propfemale> layow && elle <propmale>  go troll!
is preparing for battle with her hair  this'll be fun    not!
"just lost half her pinky nail, never again will she get fake nails  owwww!"
"gettin' ready to make up my anthropology cheat sheet, since sleep is evading me  ugh!"
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? re-post if you support troops"
