1e13c6ca4babdcfba892eefba1ef1fdf
"my goal for this next year is be the person my dogs think that i am   \\hope you all have a wonderfully happy new year that lasts the whole year through   love you all, happy new years everyone   "
what a great way to start the new year   stayed in and <propmale> out with family watching the pitbulls and parolee's marathon   good day today   
"hey all, <propmale>'s <propfemale> is up and running complete with his contact info   send him a line"
who knew that forgetting the new pencil sharpener was the end of the world for a 2nd grader?
"i am grateful for all of the blessings in my life, a warm home to live in, a family to love, incredible friends that have helped me to become the person i am, a meal to share with loved ones and the knowledge of how incredibly lucky i am   happy thanksgiving everyone "
i'm loving my little psycho dog 
championships here we come!!!
"homeless go without eating  elderly go without medicine  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!!! yet we give millions of $ in tax breaks to the wealthiest 1% of americans--those who need it       least!  only 1% of facebook users will re-post this message  i know i'm in the 1%, what about you"
scooby dooby doo 
"your car is japanese  your beer is <propmale>  your wine is spanish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your tea is chinese  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your radio is korean  yourvodka is russian  should you complain your neighbor is an immigrant? copy if you are against racism, dream act now!!"
feels like she has been hit by a bus   yuck!
feels great!  still confused how someone can vomit for 3 days when they havent touched a bit of food and only a few sips of gatorade 
"feeling nervous about blood work at the willamette valley cancer center tomorrow   please no leukemia, please be all good   scary shit "
damn a shootout just a few blocks from me   cops all over the place 
so went to the cancer center today and am being checked for chronic myelogenous leukemia   they took 8000 tons of blood and have to test me for genetic and chromosone markers   yuck   hopefully next week i wont have to do the bone marrow test   wish me luck 
"if your dad is your hero, your bestfriend, or just the best dad ever; if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven let everyone know you that you love him dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad \hey i had to change it up cuz i dont have one of those mom things everyone talks about, but i did have the best damn daddy ever   love you dad, rip "
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you and whispered come with me  with tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away although we love you dearly we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest, god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best  put as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas   "
illegal immigration is not a new problem  natives use to call it white people
watching the lunar eclipse with my birds   pretty dang cool 
"so went to the blood doc yesterday and he doesnt think it is leukemia, but could be either polycythemia, or chronic ideopathic myelofibrosis   or i could be pregnant   lol   that would be a christmas miracle of huge proportions since i had a total hysterectomy in 2004 "
ok need some help deciding on a game system   wii or xbox 360 with konnect?  anyone have an opinion?
omg   my nephew son and wife are having a baby today!!!!
"baby's here!  8lbs, 1 oz little girl born at 9:20   im so proud"
"to all animal lovers out there, <propfemale> <propfemale> animal hospital is going to put a dog down because the owners only have $200 of an $1100 <propmale>   boycotting that place "
"<propfemale> christmas, happy holidays to everyone   i hope today is magical for everyone and that <propfemale> brought you whatever you needed and wanted "
had an amazing christmas with family and friends   hope everyone's day was as nice as mine was   <propfemale> christmas everyone   
hey anybody know of someone who wants a little shar <propfemale> puppy around 4 months old?  my nephew found him and his owners havent come forward 
"oh boy, already having anxiety about this term at school   business law, payroll accounting and cultural anthropology   thank god its all online and i can work at midnight if need be "
ha i love being done with my homework the first day   now i have all week to get ready for week 2 
please send out prayers and good thoughts to jia and her family   her dad is in icu right now   we love you guys
"today is going to be a good day   <propmale> marley in the car, oregon ducks game on the tv tonight and family in town to visit   lucky me "
now there is some talk about auburn losing their title because of cam <propmale>'s dad being at the game and breaking more rules   oh boy
"i wonder why a teacher chooses to teach and then refuses to actually \teach\""?"""
"whew   done with business law midterm and passed it with flying colors   our ability to memorize so much stuff still boggles me, but i love it "
"i love old books   just got some from an estate sale   a <propmale> bible from 1892, music books from 1842 and a huge book of poetry from 1906 and many more   you can almost smell the history in those pages "
arrgghhhhh!!!!!
"your car is <propmale>  your vodka is russian  your pizza is italian  your kebab is turkish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your movies are american  your tea is tamil  your oil is saudi arabian  your electronics are chinese  your <propfirst> are arabic, your letters latin    and you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant???? what a shame!!! copy n paste it on your wall if you're against racism    "
thank you to all my wonderful friends and family   i had a great day today and am feeling so blessed    smile 
"i loooooove my little doggies   lol, always a laugh "
"fever of 102 3, stuffy and runny nose, head about to e playful lode   lucky me, i hate getting sick!!!!"
anyone know of a relatively cheap washing machine repairman that works on frontloaders?
first the washer breaks and then the refridgerator?  wtf   thank god it's only $250 to fix both of them 
e playful eriencing some serious boob envy after seeing some incredible ones last night   fun night with some good friends   you guys made my day 
"hell yes another 4 0!  thank god its over for 2 weeks though, my brain needs a break "
"gotta love parrots   singing a song to the birds only to have them tell you to shut the f@&k up   lol, living the good life"
"i hate my stomach   if i feed it, it hurts, if i dont it hurts   wth"
"i'm on the deans list, lol   yay!!!"
