c0aeae4c5d59a0de4f9f395cf25f130f
i need more music 
"i want to take the ears off, but i can't "
is learning japanese  otl
i'm so sick of feeling 
i swear i'd burn this city down just to show you the light 
hanging with frenz (maybe) tonight and mississippi tomorrow  yey 
i need to pack  > annoyed 
i love flight delays   indecision 
accepted to scad!! yes!
"ten hours in a car today    and i want my laptop, baw "
still riding ffff
loves her some itunes shuffle 
hn  i can't wait to get out of here 
"bought a new game, but lost the ds  awesome "
"apparently the only pets i can keep in my dorm are freshwater, non-flesheating fish  damn, and i really wanted to bring my piranhas with me   "
is sketching her shoe 
oh my god wi-fi  i think i could cry   
"just had a blowout on the way back from texas  supposedly help won't arrive for another hour and a half    great, right?"
"ha, some guys with a service truck just happened to drive by  we're back in business "
neshoba county fair? done and done 
why does my mom need a facebook account  seriously 
went fishin' on a saturday evening  and nothing feels more right 
"my uncle's a great teacher and all, but damn son    playing the guitar is hard "
"had a wonderful day today  i guess i needed to \get away\"" more than i thought """
i've had no service all day ffff-
griffins!?
"three roommates outta be a trip, can't wait to meet 'em "
do you like tamale? hot hot tamale?
two classes a day only three days out of the week? yeah i think i can work with that 
hasn't been sleeping at all this past week  maybe tonight?
"let's get physical, physical~     damn i need better music "
"why aren't more of you up to see the splendor of this brilliant morning?! lawl no, jk, i'm about to pass out "
"on a serious note, i want to see a doctor about these pains i'm having in my legs and hip  i can't stand it anymore "
"\well i don't give a hoot; i'd stand up to him eyeball to eyeball for her!\"" westerns are just too cute """
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music 
"i'm not really the only one up this late early again am i? geeze guys, come on    i must need more adventurous friends or something "
three more days  i wonder if i'll be able to get up at eight in the morning this coming monday?
i'm seeing too many familiar faces in strangers here 
facebook that doesn't even make sense  just stop it 
finally! rain!
what a terrible day 
"d'aaawe, my baby brother asked my dad today when he walked in the door from work, \where's nina?\"" ; w ;"""
snorlax ftw 
anyone know a good name for a snow tiger?
it's snowing! ha!
"woah, sorry to everyone that got that click here bullshit from me  i guess the application must have sent it automatically "
is excited to see <propfirst> at the airport next week  = w=
"man i'm sick of sitting still  i'm ready for school again, ready to do something again "
just got back from tron: legacy for the third time  who can guess how much i love it?
"cruise was great, having a bed on solid ground is better "
"life is such a horrible game  you think you're set with a mansion and a yacht, but then bam - suddenly everyone's suing you for every last <propfemale> "
five hour drive to <propfemale> with a pos navigation system that got me lost two towns away? done and done 
"oh okay, now scad gets the two hour operation delay for weather  after i've already had my 8am class  brilliant "
i need a plant for my room  any suggestions?
"finally, coffee~"
"you used to hold me, you used to hold me, you used to hold me me me me, yeah "
"i don't know why they're upset at us for being upset that someone was blaring music at ridiculous hours of the morning  it's sunday for god's sake, why would anyone ever think that was a good idea? what did you honestly e playful ect would happen?"
roaaaaaaaarrrrr
why do i    like this     dead
augh  my controllers are broken and now so am i  what's the point in livingggg
"mirrors, mirrors everywhere "
rango was absolutely gorgeous  all of you should make time to see it if you have the <propmale> 
"geeze, sorry this seems like it's so late guys, but thank all of you for the lovely birthday wishes! i really appreciated them   smile "
poor ringling kids    have to post memes on their much more successful scad friends' pages to feel better about their school   
