3c71a7a4c93dc28068018804b764b650
happy new years      jus got back frm da peach drop!!!!!!!!!
is eatin some noodles and sausage!!!!
why do ppl get online to say how they really feel   da way i see it u gotta problem let me kno up close and personally dat way we can settle wateva we need to right then and there  instead of letting shit build up over time and getting other ppl involved!!!!!!
"my son stayd n da hospital 4 mths, u visited him not once he came hme n was on machines for 2 mths, not a single fone call he got my son is 10 mths old, healthy, n as gorgeous as he can be(thanks 2 me) now u have the ordasity 2 tell me u want 2 take him frm me! i may want a break but my chances ill take, u'll <propfemale> see my son dis hour, dis day, not even dis life, jus bring ya \a\"" game cause im always up 4 a fight!!!"""
is ready for thursday     nothin like sum good-ole eatin
tryna focus on my future but my pass keep followin suit!!!!
outgrown da petty ish    startin to get wit da program(altho many cant seem to get on board)
"its a boy, its boy, its a boy   hey hey hey!!!!!!"
thinkin about baby names for my new edition to da fam    any suggestions???? its a boy    
thanks soooooo much fb fam for all da birthday love yall showin it means alot!!!!!!!!jus kno ya girl may be knocked up   but dat aint <propfemale> stopped a party b4 now has it??!!!!!!lol
the wall that seperates us is paper thin   so why is it so hard to break it???
"its 2am christmas mprning, i have no presents, and im hungry!!!!!!"
now that we got christmas out da way     bring on da new year!!!!!
"im tired of the lyin and im tired of the games, im tired of these b**ches lyin on my name   this he say she say shit has gotten old and this bitch right here is very bold   so if i didnt come up to u and speak my peace, dat bitch u claimed said something sure as hell wasnt me!!!!"
"i asked jesus, how much do you love me? jesus replied this much, and stretched his arms on the cross and died if you believe in god and aren't ashamed put this in your status!!!"
fixin to do something to my hair   thinkin bout cuttin dis shit off again!!!!
dese delenquits up here gon mad sound like wwiii in da hood!!!!
2hrs
happy new years bitches!!!!!!!!!
i called da hospital today to check on my tookey and dey said he showin signs of havin seizures    keep <propfirst> miller in all of u guys prayers!!!!
got off da fone wit da hospital dey said my tookey is showing much progress and he's not showin signs of seizures anymore   thank u fb fam i kno u all have been prayin wit me!!!!!dont stop now keep on believing with me!!!
u wud think a nigga dat done had one child in da icu and didnt do shit wud at least call and see how da <propfirst> one doin    tired of da bull shit!!!!!
callin it a nite got to go to da hospital in da mornin and sit wit my tookey fa a lil while!!!! goodnite fb fam!!!!
head hurtin    need a newport!!!!!
cant sleep need a sedative!!!!lol
finna find me a nigga dat will buy me a cold beer!!!!!or i mite jus ask <propfemale>
dooney still woke and <propfemale> wont let him sleep wit her!!!!
dis big headed cryin ass lil one still woke finna get his bad butt to sleep gnite fb!!!
if it aint nuthin its sumthin and half of the time the sumthin aint nuthin but sum bs!!!!!
"i cant see but im not blind, i cant hear but im not deaf, i cant talk but im not mute, i choose not to see, hear, or talk the truth because all around me are lies   my <propfemale>, my birth, my childhood, and now my life!! but i will turn all that around and make everything i ever stood for, everything i ever believed in, everything i am the truth because i am a child of god!!!!!"
tired of the bs finna drink me a 12pk and care my fat ass to sleep!!!!
fa everybody who got a problem wit my status i jus posted i gladly bend my ass ova 4 u to kiss!!!!god knows my heart and im sure if he has his days were he need a drink or 2 too!!!!!
finna go to da wash house and get dese folks clothes clean so dey can care dey grown asses to school 2mara!!!!
dis child of mines sleep when i sleep and be up 5 mins b4 i get up!!!!
laughin at da world and how seriously dey take sh** dese days   ppl really need to jus let sh** go!!!!especially childish sh**!!!!!
a house behind our apartments jus caught on fire!!!!!!i hope everybody is ok!!
jus got finished eatin black eye peas and cornbread!!!! ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm        wink 
finna try and go to sleep!!!g'nite fb fam!!!
dooney's sick and tylenols not helpin any suggestions!!!!!
g'nite fb finna clock out!!!
jus got back frm stonecrest finna try and get hollerin <propfirst> to sleep!!!!!
gotta go to court at 9 hopefully i wake up on time    this time!!!!!!
praying to god that i find an affordable car this year!!!!
just got my hair did    da reason i mentioned it cuz i havent combed my hair 4 bout 2-3 weeks now!!!!lmfao
bored   as usual   nothin new to do!!!!
my lil boy diggin up his nose and lookin at me laughin!!!!
lysol is my best friend!!!!lol
hate feeling like dis my chest hurt i've been coughin so much    
cant control wat <propfirst> ppl do but my own actions are spoken for!!!
thankin god for all the blessings that he has bestowed upon me!!!!
up here at da hospital with my tookey   has to have surgery today keep him in ur prayers!!!!!!
got me a new laptop 2day!!!!im so proud of me!!!!
finna go to sleep nite fb fam
did yall hear dat wack ass shit tiger woods jus announced on espn!!!!so fake and phony!!!!
still waitin for tookey to come outta surgery   i cant stop shakinn my legg   {its gonna be ok}!!!
tookey jus got outta surgery and is doin great     thank you lord 1st and foremost and to my fb fam thanks for all the prayers!!!!
thinkin bout comin to da cello but im really contemplating!!!!
on the road again i cant wait to get on the road again!!!!
jus got my lashes did fa da first time   i look like a stripper!!!!lmfao
can anybody tell me why dese bitches out here in <propfirst> <propfemale> scared to speak out loud   dese fake ass hoes dont kno me frm nite and day and i'll sure sho dem wat a true monticello bitch can do!!!!!!
sufferin frm a serious hangova im finna go bak to sleep!!!!
finna care my butt to sleep!!!!nite fb fam!!
wat is it about chinese food dat u get full so quick but be hungry again 10 minutes afta u eat!!!???      {still damn hungry}
tryna figure out y dese ppl think im unfaithful!!!    even my retard sister!!!
can anybody give me any kind of statistics real quick im tryna help my friend do a project
tired need a break    a real break!!!!!
my mama jus told me i need ritalin    well damn
gettin wasted!!!!!
really wanted to drop it low tonite     {sadddd}!!!!!
cant quite get ova u    
i turn left and i see destruction i turn right and i see dissappointment but when i look straight ahead i see god leading my way!!!!     {gotta keep movin for my children if no one else}
"click \like\"" if i've ever made you smile once in your life surprise ) set this as your status and see how many ppl click \""like\"" """
my lower back is killing me i need a massage!!!!!
good things come to those that wait     {gotta keep prayin fa patience}!!!!
somehow i gotta get ova u da storm and da rain i will make it thru da love i felt fa u still glows in my heart but as time goes on we jus stray apart this is my last luv letter to my 1 and only i cant stand bein dis way frustrated and lonely jus kno i luv u from the hair on ur head to the soles of ur feet from things i do 2 u to things u do 2 me dats what i luv and i luv dat about u!! ~until we meet again~
jus got back frm da comedy show hi-la-ri-ous!!!!!!!!
makin da best outta everyday   gotta do fa myself cuz aint nobody gon do it for me!!!!
ppl really try and bring out da worst in a nigga!!!
"(to whom <propfemale> dis may apply) y let petty shit run yo life <propfemale> u have open oppprtunity to make an example of yo'self and let yo hatas kno dat wat dey sayin and doin will n<propfemale> effect u b c u r wat u make yo'self to be not wat dey portray u to be and if dey dont like it den o damn well, cuz at da end of da day u hve to fess up to yo own bullshit!!!!!"
ok so a big flash of lightning jus struck somewhere close by so its my time to get off da computer l8r!!!!!!!!!!!
wateva happen to if u scratch my back i'll scratch yours!!!???
its like a line of police cars fire trucks and ambulances on the street next to our apartments   i hope everything is ok!!!{praying}
i would like a numba 3 no pickles extra ketchup and some <propfemale> mustard please!!!    lol
plz stopp tryna control me if u wanted me to do somethin jus ask cuz tellin me aint gon get u no closer to it gettin done!!!!!
ughhhh i dont feel so well!!!!
if we go thru life wit our heads down we'll <propfemale> see wat da world has to offer!!!!!
somtimes its betta to get out of a situation den to stay and work it out   everybody is not goin to see things ur way so let it go while u still have the <propmale>!!!!
when life gives u lemons     throw'em bak at dey ass!!!!lol
r dey actually finna start chargin fa facebook????
jus walked in da house finally now im bout to knock outt nite fb fam!!!!!
gettin ready to go party!!!!!!!!!!!!!
plans r that <propfirst> is comin home 2mara!!!!!!!yayyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
y is it so hard fa me to let u go!!!!!!!!
wonder y my cuzzo <propmale> <propfirst> tryna deny his former self!!!!!{toot-toot}
"if i say i am, i am  if i say i wont, i wont  if i say i will, i will  but fake bitches is something i dont   hang, associate, or befriend in any way  so stop tryin to get wit me and jus get lost cuz at da end of da day u'll still be a fake bitch!!!!!!"
im hungry
wwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i cant get u outta my system!!!!
<propfirst> <propmale> is in da building!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> havent been in da house 24hrs and dooney already tryna beat him up!!!!!! i think i need a referee
wonderin y my bestie aki dearro havent called me all day!!!!!!
"so, sooooooooooo sleepy!!!!!!!!!!"
hmmmmmmmmmmmm       
both of my god sent angels restin peacefully time fa me to join dem!!!! nite fb fam
ur always on my mind but im <propfemale> on urs u complain <propfemale> i ask fa sumthin but fa u ill give da world dey say imma fool nd i must be blind i kno dat i love u nd ur always on my mind no matta wat u may do or wat u say ill always b waitin on u at da end of da day!!!{{u kno who u r}}
"i am bein sleep deprived can somebody, anybody hellllllppppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
soon and very soon!!!!
even tho i go thru da storm nd da rain god shall always be there to be my sunshine!!!!
i love my lil men le'bryus&&carlos!!!!!!!!!
dont take ya love awaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! dont take ya lova away from me!!!!!
y da hell am i up at 9 smile 0    
no matta how much i help a person im always wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ppl cant c wats true fa lil roaches fillin dey mind wit shyt!!!
has anybody seen my mommy????
i found my mommy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!yayyy!!!!!!!
ummm oreo mcflurry ;}
god will make a way!!!!!
happy mother's day to all da mommy's out here!!!!
"<propfirst> miller thanks for all that you've done good, bad, whateva i love u and i wouldn't change u fa nothing in the world even tho u may not like the things i do u still put up with me! without you i wouldn't be where i am today  we've been thru hell and high waters but u still stood strong and was a mother so if no one else tells u happy mother's day!!! {u cudda invited me to six flags too hefa}"
my fam jus got bk frm six flags    busters wudnt take me but all is well dey gon want sum!!!!!
omg!!!! im sleepy    lol
can my life get any worse!!!     ughhh
sometimes i am so unlady-like!!!!!!lmfao
"im hungry, sleepy, and energized all at da same damn time!!!! is dis possible???lol"
my back is achin my bra too tight my booty shakin frm da left nd to da right       lmfao!!!!!i'm so damn bored
you are getting sleepy!!!!!!!!!!your eyes are getting heavy!!!!!!!!so care yo ass to sleep already!!!!!lol    i need help
in the words of aki dearro aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lol
group hug   {squeeeeeeeeeeze}!!!!!
im hungry   i stay damn hungry!!!lol i need a new hobby cuz eatin aint cuttin it
has anybody's leggins made yo legs itch or is it jus me!!!
ok yesterday my <propfemale> sed she was gon cook some string beans red potatoes dressing and some bbq chicken lets see if she keeps to her word!!!!
ummmmmm strawberry cheesecake!!!!!{{imma be big as a house afta while}}
i like bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles          
finna get my move on!!!!!!
hey facebook hvnt been on in a while jus lettin u kno i still exist
imma be me regardless of who lik it or not
wat u think u kno nd wat i do kno r 2 very different things!!!
cant seem to get with da program
my tookie pickin up traits from his mama     he suckin da hell out dis thumb!!!!!!lol
got me some chicken nuggets!!!!!!!ummmm hmmm
staring off into space thinkin bout how good a #3 from off da mcdonalds menu wud be    
some ppl r unbelievable but da worst ones usually be family       
my sister told me not to get in nobody shit but im here to let yall kno if u fuck wit me or mines or anybody i feel like i wanna defend i will fuck dat ass up believe it!!!!
woke up dis mornin thinkin it was wednesday   where da hell have i been!!!!
in greensboro bored as hell          
jus because im nice dont fool my kindness fa weakness!!!
lovin my baby hopes he loves me   
december please hurry up dis load is killing me!!!!!!!!
ughhh     i really need a new fone dis one wont let me recieve ringtones
didn't kno my business was fa everybody to tell next time i'll let u kno if i need yo help if i didn't ask fa it don't give it   
i need an icy beverage!!!!!
will there ever be a time in our lives were we find our true <propfemale> and fufill it to da best of our ability or will we always make a wrong turn or back track?
coolin it!!!!!
down by da riverside hanky panky were da bullfrog jump from bank to bank sed eastside westside bow wow ding dang <propfirst>!!!!
im so bored
my love has a limit and my heart has boundaries if u promise not to go over my limit or cross my boundaries i mite not have to kill u!!!!!!lol
cant sleep stomache is cramping   owww sad 
god has blessed me with enough strength to be strong in time of a storm im glad dat i cud b a blessing in the life of a most gracious person!
supposed to be sleep rite now    im finna go i guess
im layin down n dooney seems to think that my breast is his personal lounge if u truly love dis child u will tell him to get off me b4 i knock him thru next week!!!!!!
confession time (inbox only) 2010 is almost over    confess something you always wanted to tell me     put this as yo status      you mite be suprised!!!
there came a time in life were we had to fight in order to survive now a days the fighting has turned into killing instead of all this violence how about we offer help were we see its needed cuz i dont know about nobody else but the obituary section in the paper has been outrageously full lately and its just heartbreaking!!!!
its wateva
no cheating! you have to post this even if your taken & see what people want from you  inbox only! 1  baby 2  another <propmale> 3  love 4  kiss 5 friendship 6  sex 7 see you naked 8  chill 9  to cuddle 10  long relationship 11  good laugh 12  night out 13 hug 14  to be my bff 15 full body massage 16  nothing
inbox me #1-1000 and i'll tell you how i feel about you on my status 
#111 ur one of da koolest chics grownin up wit i miss u dearly gotta head bak to da cello soon gotta c u <propfemale> i get down dere too
#9 it wudda been nice to b yo sis in law lol jp but u a cool ass chic wish i was still in da cello i here u party hard!!!!!!
#296 u crazy ass hell i mite consider wat u askd if things keep goin like dey goin jus to c if u can handle it lol
#1 u a fool n i love u more then words can e playful ress
#12 awww i hvnt tlkd to u in a <propfemale> u a cool girl i love <propfemale> we had homeroom togetha n u let me braid ur hair lol!!!!!!!
<propfemale> miller u lame as fuck fa not tellin me who # is who!!!!!!
im finna go to bed babies startin to cry gn fb!!!!!!!!!!!
$ comes $ goes
i want chocolate!!!!! 9 more days till da greatest day ever    yayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!
"where am i? where am i supposed to be? is there anybody out there that can help me, help me find my way back to the way things are supposed to be!!!"
ay yo u boo boo wat u got n dat picnic basket?
i want a grilled cheese sandwich
(sigh) i want a piece of chocolate      
i kno dey say looks count fa a lot but as long as i wash my ass nd brush my teeth n put on some clean clothes y shud it matta if i dont feel like combin my damn hair!!!!! hell if i do comb it im jus gon lay bak down nd fuck it bak up so tell me wats da point      lmfao
i have a game for u facebook freaks never have i ever    rules: post a ? startin never have i ever nd if da ? pertains to u like da status of dat person ill start off never have i ever sucked a <propmale> in a movie theater
gettin sick nd tired of da bullshit wish i was 1st on da list but it seems dat i always come in last place     ticked da fuck off!!!!!!
ready to get fucked up got 4 mo days till da greastest day eva!!!!      sn annoyed omebody come nd buy me a case i need a serious drink
i got betta shit to do den to hate on u ill come out betta hatin on myself cuz ur nun but a worthless piece of shit
i need somebody to scratch my head(jsk) lol!!!!!
i need to care my ass to sleep gotta cook some <propmale> n cheese n da mornin     ill go lata
im bringing home a baby bumble <propfemale> want my mama be so proud of me im bringing home a baby bumble <propfemale> ouch da muthfucka stung me    die bitch die!!!!!
"if u think im crazy or have issues \like\"" dis status     i wont get mad i promise  smile """
"\i gotta get myself togetha cuz i got someplace to go and im prayin <propfemale> i get there i see everyone i know i wanna go to heaven!!!!!!!\"""""
dnt need da extra drama dats y i stay to myself if u jus listenin to gossip ppl will swear u done sed somethin    smh!!!!
"in desperate need of a perm      \dr  miracle help!!!!!!\"""""
i want some chocolate         smh
thanks facebook fa all da bday wishes i am truly blessed to hve lived to c 20 nd i thank god for it    now were da liquor at!!!!!!lmao
<propfemale> christmas my facebook family be blessed and remember its not all about da gifts its a time were family and friends come togethaa praising god for all da wonderful things he has done but the most important giving us a saviour named jesus christ who is the reason we live today!!! thank you god for letting me see this day
gettin wasted lol
im bored txt me u dnt hve to inbox fa da # its 6788825263 nd please let da convo b worth my time
happy birthday to one of the most wonderful blessings in my life le'bryus syavionne miller happy bday mama man i love u more than words can e playful ress u r my joy  i pray i live to share many more of bdays to come!!!!
my babies sick and its making me feel bad dey was acting like dey was gettin better and now it seems like dey getting worse idk wat to do!!!!!! sn: i'm worried   :{
need a job asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just take me as i am or have nothing at all!!!!!!!! love it!!!!!!!!
23hrs n 56mins
23hrs 58mins
my bad     22hrs 58mins
7hrs 30mins
all dese niggas keep hollerin dey rockin <propmale> <propfirst> nd hollister nd keep dem stacks on deck well i rocks da wal-mart nd aint ashamed of it nd i keeps a pocket full of change!!!!!! lmao     sn: since yall same niggas ive been knowin from grade skool <propmale> got <propmale> on me help a broke bitch out send me a couple of dem stacks ill put it to good use!!!!
"wolly world all day everyday, citi trend every now and den, simply fashion <propfemale> im feeling classy, nd family dollar <propfemale> on my moneys end!!!!!! lmfao sn: i find being broke very amusin"
3 mo days till my juicebox bday
i wanna play da question game     hit up da inbox lets get it started!!!
"this is a status i just could not pass up: when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him! copy and re-post if you can  any takers!!!!"
"happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear <propfirst> happy birthday to you!!!! thank you god for letting me live to see my son live to see his first birthday! he came from a long way from the nicu to now and i thank god for blessing the doctors and nursing staff with the ability to keep him in his health and my mama for never leaving my side or her grandbaby's side happy birthday love dove!!!!!"
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! u scared me lmfao
i need a job anybody hiring
falcons wave¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤falcons wave ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø dirty birds ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°ºfalcons wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø go falcons¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øø¤º°¨¨°º¤dirt birdsø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øfalcons wave¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going ¸„falconsø¤º°¨¨°º atl ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸falcons wave„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø dirty birds¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø   atl¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø    falcons rise up!!
i could give a damn wat da world thinks of me so y do u think ur opinion matters!!!!!jus sayin
have u ever had so many thoughts goin thru yo head at da same time dat u jus cant seem to untangle them all its jus one big jumbled mess well jus imagine all dat jumbled mess is a reality my life is jus full of so much shit it cant b put togetha without fuckin somethin else up
my office hours r from 5pm-5am(insider)lol!!!!!!!!!
if da world ddnt have so much technology wat wud u be doin rite now!!!!all answas welcome
vows of a hillbilly: with this ring i thee wed not to eat the last piece of bread to always let da toilet seat down to say darling u look beautiful afta u've gained 30lbs to always keep our romance afresh to let u kno <propfemale> u have stank breath now that my vows are all sed and done pour me a shot cuz da hell has jus begun
wat hand do u right with??? all answers welcome
new year same me but dis year u cant say my head nappy cuz i cut dat shit bitch!!!!!!!lmfao
<propmale> ice   good fa da soul lmao!!!!!!
redbull
thank u god u always come thru <propfemale> i need u!!!
no man can do wat he does!!! thank u god!!
o my gosh <propfemale> look at my butt it is so big!!!!!!!lmao
first day was a breeze once again thankin god for fis opportunity to better myself!!!!!!
i wanna say thanks to <propfemale> quinita <propfirst> marques and <propfemale> fa helpin me on my first day    
 smile )
need to b sleep but how can i go <propfemale> my mind is going 100 thoughts per second
call me <propfemale> u need me imma come runnin      
zoon zoom zoom     lol
zoom zoom zooooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wash house at 8 work at 2 busy day
im still holding on too his hand!!!!!!!god bless
i need some lashes jus dnt kno were to get dem did
was up for partyin 2nite but i guess ill jus lay down next to a bottle of da bitch nd let her soothe me to sleep
drunker den a mutha fucka
im drunk     it got me thinkin    wanna do dese things i never do    u call me i dnt answa u    lmfao
ive drank a mcdonald cup full of <propfemale> bitch 3 blue mutha fuckas n 2 lolli pops im fucked up
<propfemale> all else fails do it ya damn self!!!!!!
dis some bullshit
"well im here so mite as well make da most out of it \sn: gotta killer headache"
"do it supposed to smell like chitterlings at a fast food restaraunt??????\#throwup"
"word of the day\daaaammmmmnnnnnn\"""""
 love   love   love  le'bryus & <propfirst>  love   love   love 
finna get bak to work holla!!!!![in my <propfirst> voice]
wat u dnt kno wont hurt u n wat u can find out mite kill u so stay da fuck out my business!!!!!!!capesh
i absolutely love workin @coco nofucknwitit miller nerves its one plus about havin a lil sis who think she da big sis lol
im bored talk to me!!!!!!
imma steal my cuz <propfemale> stat fa a <propfemale> if da shoe fit fuckin wear it    if u kno yo ass aint did shit dnt sweat it but if u swearin up and down dat u innocent and u not <propfemale> comes bak aroun 10fold baby god gon always handle <propfemale>es!!!!!!
came to work with a headache leaving work with a migraine somebody please help!!!!!
i got my babies bak    lol
lets see how dis game rolls out my team is da celtics but i bet la get dat ass tapped by da heat tonite!!!!
if i get pinched today somebody gettin knocked da hell out
<propfemale> come get yo chillens please!!!!!!!!!!
deres nothin like family n dere will <propfemale> b anything like my sisters i love all u gals from my blood sis to my sis fa life
uggghhhh!!!!!!!
tired af 12 o'clock please hurry
i am so ready to clock out
"single or not,put this as your status & see hw many you get (inbox only!)\ ?=i want a relationship with you\ smile =i like you a lot\ sad =i miss you\ playful =inbox me sometimes so we can get to know each other"
missin my babies
5 more days boy i cnt wait
i got my own place finally yayy me!!!!!!
dont let da gender fool u daddy ddnt raise no punk bitches!!!!!llh
"\thank u fa choosin wendys wud u like to try our combo\"" \""can i get 4 doublestacks all da way\"" \""4 24 drive aroun\"" \""awww hell naw\""       can u guess witch bitch it was dat pulled around"""
my blood pressure sky high i damn sho wanted to grab dat scary bitch
i aint <propfemale> been a scary bitch and i will <propfemale> b one if a bitch from roun here n greene county wamna try me den come wit it cuz dat pickin shit dnt get u nowhere n my vicinity     ms  <propfemale> snd ms  <propfirst> <propfemale> u feel bold enuff to really try me den bring it     now pick dat shit scary ass hoes!!!!!
i wish i ddnt have to work on dis nice ass kickin day llh!!!!!
public service announcement: im tired of dis lil girl named ms mookie dior inboxin me bout some lil kid shit so i kno yo eyes gon c dis if u got some to say or u feelin like u need to get some shit off yo chest plez come to my face cuz dis fb arguin shit is so not my style     o n by da way j jus saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switchin to geico lmfao at dese hoes!!!
ms monkey oops mookie <propfemale> sed u was scary u jus doin lil kid shit to make me believe u r so either keep up yo childish games or stand up n make yoself a woman
i got my cable turned on yayy me lol
i wanna play da q a game seems interesting hit me up
happy birthday to my best friend in da whole wide world aki dearro     u've been da greatest friend of all times im glad our friendship has became a sisterhood i love u and i wish u many more!!!!!!!!!!!!
"finna get ready fa work     \#imstuntinhard"
help!!!!?
no matta how hard da devil try n put me down i will prevail because i am a child of god!!!!!
one mo day to a new bestie of mine big day n 2 mo days to my twins big day     
really not feeling this today
coco nofuknwitit miller take me away i love my sister i love my sistererererererererer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lol
its 4 20 n my ass at work i wanna blow it down today too     (in dooney voice) man got damn!!!!!lol
inbox me a number and i will tell you how i real feel about you
happy birthday to my big sis's(lol) <propfemale> and <propfemale>
jesus lives happy easter day everybody
had da most amazing day yesterday with my sisters tamieka daqueen <propmale> <propmale> champagne smith <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> shakara <propmale> love u gals     n i had a special moment wit my lil sis coco nofuknwitit miller hope yo prom was as amazing as u looked love u lil big sister lol
"y <propfemale> u got a good thing goin stupid ignorant ass hoes gotta fuck it up         praying fa higher power cuz da way i feel rite now im ready to tap down on a bitch's ass\#nevabeenscared"
"i cnt believe my big ass actually ran around some bases lord wat a site fa dem chillens lol but had a good time wud really like to do it again soon\#biggirlcanrun     llh"
put dis as ur status if ur brave!!! fa da next 3hrs i cant lie!!ask me any question in my inbox & ill reply bak truthfully!!! wink ) lets get it    
heaven is listenin heaven is watchin heaven knows!!!!!
well let me clock bak m
i kno dis girl n da stall next to me wonderin wat dat smell is       rotflmmfao
hawks goin in tonite
"in honor of mother's day~i'm tryin 2 see how many of u are willin 2 change ur profile picture 2 a picture of ur mother & keep it there til may 9  if u like this idea, repost this as ur stat so every1 gets the word "
such a pretty day i wanna go to da lake
<propfirst> <propmale> miller ur the sunshine in my life w o u i have no clue wat 2 do bcuz of ur wisdom i can honestly say dat i appreciate everything u do fa me hve done for me n will do fa me        
"if you are a proud mom, post the names, birth dates and weights of your children in honor of mother's day \\le'bryus s miller 12 28 2008 1lb 10oz\<propfirst> s miller 12 22 2010 1lb 12oz"
