20242915015134f1311275594184d390
im bored!11!!!!1! well   
    who <propfirst> on my truck you failures????? damn seniors    a gentleman does not  
happy halloween!!!!! and homecomeing was kewl 
im bored
batman!!!!
wish <propfemale> haird grow back out already    i liekd it longer    lol
back from peanut festival  was fun  am tired  gnite
alabama beat lsu  hate on losers
back from dathan w  my family and <propfemale>   had fun  and mariachi bands  nuff said
"dear god, please find it in your power to cause that big fcat delivery truck to crash, and hurl the driver out of it unharmed, and let the truck blow up and burn? and burn a bit more? lol"
"so   my parents have me clean around the house all day   thaen what do they use as an excuse for not letting me go somewhere? i need \rest\"" so i can \""get better\""    and they havent even bothered to ask how i feel today   anyone else see the hypocrisy?"""
hah 
hmmm    goin to dothan w  <propfirst> an <propmale>  look at prom stoofz  coolz 
im bored 
shattering the skies above     facebook is getting on my last nerve!!!!!!! im out bros (and broettes haha)
"add as midnight burns, new band  on facebook  check it"
"well, ima lay it strait up just got in a wreck, kinda hurtin, yeah    not cool   "
practice was freakin amazing lol  love my friends hahahaa
"when i stop arguing, it doesn't mean you've won, it means that i don't want to listen to your stupid ass anymore  "
i don't get it haha  i'm totally lost  but its ok  playful 
"i like music  \but i prefer my music with screaming soloes, furious riffs, and blasting double bass \metal is awesome  there was no point in this, i'm bored  but schools almost over, which is great  haha"
"mors principium est  words to live by in every way, also an awesome band "
kinda hope i get to see <propfirst> today   i haven't seen her in wayyy too long  sad  
or not  lol  least i get to chill w  my friendz
what the hell  that's a good description of my thought  what the hell  just what the hell????    annoyed   
summer assignments  righhttttt     i'll get right on those  laugh   but  not right now  lol
"     i really, really, am getting tired of this  "
to the invitation to my ap lit class prep thingy   hell no!! have you lost your mind??? i need the time to finish (start and finish) my assignments! lol
"i love being lied to  it give me this warm fuzzy feeling, like lead boiling in my veins   if you're gonna go back on <propfemale> word, id rather have naught to do w  u "
"on top of my amazingly short three hours of sleep, i'm already having to put up with the idiotic administration of graceville high  yay!!! but hopefully i'll get to see <propfirst> today? lol "
"maybe instead of being such hypocrites and throwing all the blame on me, grow up and look in on yourselves  i hope you see what i do   its not pretty     "
teaching myself math from an economics book  it sucks  i'm bad enough at it already lol  then you gotta have these weird percentages     annoyed 
blahhh    i really really miss <propfirst>   i wanna see her tomorrow   even tho i prolly can't   annoyed  
"sittin here listenin to led zep, zz top, def lep, an bands like that  thinkin  bored "
i think that you and your mistrust (as well as judgmental mindest and hypocritical assumptions) can rot in hell  because i want no part of it 
"\how was your day?\"" \""a hell of a lot better before i called you  thanks \"" i'm sick of this """
what is your problem? are you simply stupid?? as many times as i tell you this and you still don't get it   get over yourselves already 
well   i think i have nothing left to lose    yay 
bonfire at my place pplz  right now! u dunno where it is my # is 8505736526  hit it up i'll let u kno
f you narcissistic bitch??
blahblahblahblah
"some people are probably gonna get pissed at me for saying this  too bad  i'm sick of everything being about you  no matter what, its always worse for you  why do you think i won't talk to you   you never listen "
"ahh   i do love metal, but lately i've been gettin back at my roots  rush, led zepp, ratt, <propfemale> hatchet, n mötley crüe  stairway to heaven anyone??"
"oddly enough, i still find the very thought of you revolting "
"there's some fights you just can't win  the thing is, i've never been in that situation  so i'm not gonna start now lol "
you ain't worthy of lickin dog shit off the bottom of my boots  ya kno who you are  wink   and   beach tomorro lol  shark fishin for the win 
normality is a perception  every judgement passed is also  what you percieve is just that  perception depends on e playful erience  and i percieve you dont know shit 
"among creatures born into chaos, a majority will imagine an order, a minority will question the order, and the rest will be pronounced insane  haha"
oh damn you vile financial problems   annoyed   and sucker punch  wow  just wow  words can't describe  my brain melted o o
wellp   time to get off my ass and give myself a reason to remember spring break
"here's for the times we have nothing to do, so we just slow down and take the time to enjoy the simplicity of life  philosophy for the win "
why do people use a q instead of a g? it seems insanely ignorant  and uhh   look! a distraction!! haha
the only bad thing about turning 18? i can't put a couple of punk asses in their place without them starting something  and god knows they don't have the balls 
"thanks for all the happy birthdays evryone  smile   lol  now to find a job o o\"",2011-04-04 18 smile 3:25""",20242915015134f1311275594184d390,"so, bad weather, no school, and helping people w  the damage it caused  all in all, a good days work   laugh "
