70caa0bc203c8e674050e775e35bad97
"was going to sleep, but then the roast of <propmale> saget came on "
fuck the usps
is obviously making bacon cheddar burgers
rip <propfirst> mays
mmm    ramen
hmmm   
probably needs new profile pictures 
the dishonesty of past generations will be our downfall   
tea is not a substitute for fruits vegetables and juices
it always hurts when one gets away   
apparently i'm too next level for these bitches
why is that guy riding a walrus?
<propfirst> l  <propmale> for president!
eww   now my room smells like vomit
just bought a half-life shirt from goodwill 
is back
is back  for real this time 
"what do you call socialism without any of the benefits for the people? democracy, apparently "
"what is this, a fucking farm?!"
"wa-wa-wait, so <propfemale> fox is a werewolf?!?!"
something witty before bed?
is eating mediocre kfc
omaha h l makes my head hurt
fried chicken and cheesecake
"more fried chicken  also, mono blue is insane in zendikar draft "
spent the day building tog    circa 2003
is going to dye his hair black  surprise  will post pics later tonight
"officially has black hair  now, to find that camera   "
"thinks \smooth criminal\"" sounds like a song from the doom soundtrack"""
2nd at a ptq yesterday  bleh
fuck baseball  they better start house from the beginning 
cooked regular bacon then cooked canadien bacon in the resulting fat
radiohead sucks  get over it 
i fucking hate modo  hate it 
is the zendikar game day champion!
i'm pretty sure i just barneyrolled you
fuck radiohead  fuck rolling stone  fuck you 
who wants to 2hg draft with me tomorrow?
just baked a cake  be jealous 
no snow is gonna stop me from battling!
"thanks to all for the birthday wishes (looking at you, <propmale>)"
home
could have sworn nuclear war was afoot
"need to borrow 4 lion's eye <propfemale>, 4 chrome mox, and 4 infernal tutor for scg <propfemale>  can anyone help?"
wtf is wrong with espn?
"quick, start an internet petition    or something "
"ratninjasamurai (12 surprise 3:47 pm): im such a genius\tyranitarisgod (12 surprise 3:56 pm): i agree"
anyone from raleigh cary going to sci-fi on saturday? i needs a ride
