e04f6699513051763110c048f33318d8
is contemplating her new year resolutions  
is trying to get back on a reasonable sleep schedule    so far it's not working    
is home from work and the gym for now  plans are forming    just not sure exactly what yet 
had an amazing evening 
is gutting the carpet out of her room today   joyful 
is having a great week with <propfirst> 
"is home for a little while, then possibly out for the rest of the night      joyful "
is getting ready to go out for the rest of the evening   love 
is chilling at home for a few before going out for the evening  call the cell if u need me! 203 695 5147
is getting ready for an afternoon of fun!  joyful 
got lots of sleep and is feeling much less cranky 
is <propfemale> tired after work this afternoon and going to the gym   nap time!!  laugh 
is making trouble for waterbury!!!    laugh   here we go!   love 
is at work till 6 then hanging out with <propfirst>   love 
is out of work and hanging out with <propfirst>   love 
is home from work   and taking a nice long nap 
is waiting for pplz to get outta work  chillin' till then 
is very tired after a long day 
just watched an awesome movie!!!!!!! i love cars      car movies are the shit    laugh 
is happier now than she has been in a very long time   love 
is gonna head up to waterbury to get some shopping done  
is not feeling too well today    nappy time for now   
is heading out for the rest of the evening   laugh     love 
is getting ready to go to work  can't wait to get out at 6!
had an amazing day so far    can't wait to see how the rest turns out!
is hanging out with <propfirst>!!!  laugh  and then bugging <propfirst> at work   and then    who knows where i'll be!
is spending the evening with <propfirst>   love    joyful 
is hoping it's not gonna rain tonight   annoyed 
is waiting for <propfirst> to get out of work!!  joyful 
is watching little <propfirst> swim around in the fishie tank!! i got him yesterday!  love 
is helping her parents with the final preparations for the mustang   24 hours of lemons starts tomorrow!!!!!
is heart broken   <propfirst> had a fishly disease and is gone    r i p  little <propfirst>    *tear* i love you little guy   
"worked earlier, spent some time at the beach and is cooking her baby a delicious dinner "
had an amazing day at the beach in rhode island with <propfirst> and others   but is now quite lobsteresque   love 
"is a lil toasty, but it's all good "
is bringing her brother to danbury for a bit and then waiting for <propfirst> to get out of work   joyful 
"is pulling all of the paneling out of her car, cleaning it all, and installing new speakers mostly by herself   with a little help from <propfirst>   love "
"is pulling all of the paneling out of her car, cleaning it all, and installing new speakers mostly by herself   with a little help from <propfirst> and <propfirst>  ?"
fml   i have to run new speaker wire through my car   the old ones don't work at all! rawr!!!
is relaxing at home 
is excited because she got her new speakers to work in her car without having to run new wires!!! yay!!!
is excited that her interview went well   joyful 
is gonna get to sleep eventually     laugh 
"is relaxing with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and squeaks   joyful      love "
is cuddling with <propfirst>!  love 
is spending the rest of the night in the arms of her love   love 
is tired from working   and has lots of cleaning to do when she gets home 
is preparing for the big weekend extravaganza!!!
can't wait to see <propfirst> tomorrow!  love 
is not feeling well    god i hate having to go to the doctors  
i getting all of her laundry done before ctcon!! one more day!!!  laugh 
is on her way to the laundry mat!  laugh 
has returned exhausted    and has work at 6 am     playful 
is a busy <propfemale> at work this week  the boss is on vaca  till friday!
is heading to the gym after a 9 hour shift at work   joyful 
has commandeered her bosses computer while she is on vacation   lolz   break's almost over! toodles!
is waiting for <propfirst> to get out of work to rescue me!!  joyful 
is happy that today is nice and <propfemale>!  joyful 
cooked a tasty dinner    but no one is home to eat it yet     annoyed 
gets to chill at work an hour early   yay to locking keys in car and only having a ride at 5 smile 0am!!!  playful 
is  tending to her sweeties wounds   
is praying her sweet radar makes a good recovery  may the angels watch over her in heaven   love 
is anti-advertising for pepboys  they sell defective products!!! > sad 
can't wait for <propfirst> to get home from vacation!  joyful 
is finally home after a long day at work and a super-long workout at the gym! =p
is happy she got everything settled for school   joyful 
is shocked that school starts again tomorrow!!  @_@
is done with classes for the day   joyful 
has a great idea to take the integrated automotive systems class in the spring!! it's perfect for me!!  laugh 
is getting ready to leave work  computer fun first though   laugh 
is hanging out with her two favorite boys!  joyful 
is doing homework    playful 
has decided that costco will be her new best friend   joyful 
is excited for fall to be here  it's my favorite time of the year!!  joyful 
has a very busy schedule today  
absolutely fucking hates health insurance companies  damn them to hell   seriously 
thanks everyone for their birthday wishes   joyful 
is relaxing for the rest of her quiet evening   joyful 
napped this afternoon   joyful 
is heading to class then figuring out the rest 
is tired and still has class tonight 
"is back from the awsome camping trip!! rained a little at first, but turned out to be quite nice! currently making some delicious homemade chicken soup with <propfirst>!!   love "
ahh    heading to work for a very short shift  12-2 smile 0   love 
has commandeered an orange traffic cone   it now resides in my backyard!!  laugh 
is going to bed now so she doesn't fall asleep in class   again    laugh 
is finished with class till tuesday!  laugh 
is waiting for the om noms to arrive     laugh 
is finally out of work  plans in progress for the rest of the day   joyful 
is tired    still can't sleep in tomorrow morning either     playful 
misses <propfirst> and getting her feet attacked at 2 am    shakes did it last night    but it just wasn't the same    sad 
is preparing to carve    pumpkin seeds soon!!!  laugh 
is on quarantine for 6 more days   thanks swine flu     annoyed 
is not feeling as well this morning as yesterday morning    damnit   back to square 1 5   
"is finally better, except for her cough, and is returning to work on sunday!!  laugh "
just had the wonderful e playful erience of having to use her emergency rescue inhaler   yay    > >
is finally feeling better after a week of illness   joyful 
just finished her human geo  hw  time for bed   joyful 
busy doing stuff 
"was pounced on this morning by jessy, dragged out shopping, and is now almost finished assembling snowmen of her friends "
"is starting her weekend homework   then work 12-6  after that, taking over the world maybe? haven't decided yet   "
is hopping in the shower after a long exhausting day   time to relax for a few 
"is studying, doing laundry and feeding the cats    then trying to relax  "
is pleased with the results of her fully cleaned organized room  all socks are now accounted for   joyful 
work 11-5   then more laundry   it never ends!
is working on trying to finish the rest of her laundry    hanging out with the fluffins    joyful 
caught the cat sneaking pie before dinner! tsk tsk  
heading to aunties for dinner   joyful 
is almost finished with her psych  project   then more projects and more studying!!  playful 
finished her homework for tonight   time to sleep  
finished planning her new work schedule and now has some serious free time on the weekends! yay!!!
is intensively working on her paper   that is due at 8am tomorrow morning     playful 
just finished her human geography term paper   after pulling an all nighter  and 48 mins before the start of class   time to get dressed  and go to class!  playful 
is home from the gym   still hasn't slept    going to sleep now  
is excited it's snowing   no work till later now!!! woohoo!!!
contemplating building a snowman    the current rain is hindering my decision   
is tired after a long day at work    has lots of laundry to do and is quite frustrated with mom 
"is attempting to figure out plans for the day   so far, just class 5 smile 0-6:45 "
is trying to drink partially frozen apple juice   it's quite good  
is home for the evening   deciding what to cook for dinner   and cleaning up my room (maybe)   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
is excited her new radio is installed in her car!!!! sound is amazing!
happy new years! now back to work b4 i get in trouble      =p
baking pizza and trying to start feeling better  i hate colds   playful 
chillin at home for the rest of the evening   joyful 
is hungry   but is being cooked for   it's a first!
smells the food cooking and is very hungry  
is hungry and waiting for dinner   
is attempting to make seafood chowder   modeled after <propmale>'s of couse!
is home from work    tired   and is getting dragged grocery shopping  
is tired of the cranky witch throwing a fit when things don't go her way  get over it 
now attends nvcc and nwcc  yay!
"so, mountain lions in connecticut? confirmed!"
getting ready to head to nin's for dinner   joyful 
finished her abnormal psych  assignment and got her math assignment started  next on the list is history and then some english 
is getting ready for work  4-10 smile 0pm 
working on homework in the computer lab at nvcc 
"couldn't believe her schedule could get any worse, but it will    o o"
just loves how her efforts get brushed off and pushed to the side  when they realize their follies i will laugh in their faces and watch them suffer  they will find no salvation from me  i am done 
has work 4-11 tonight   and is swamped with homework!  playful 
is tired   long day tomorrow    ugh   
is at home relaxing  time to catch up on some sleep!  joyful 
is enjoying the day off  not sure what i'm gonna do though    maybe a snow village in the front yard    joyful 
"has to be to work at 6am-11am tomorrow, then class 12 smile 0-1:45, work again 2 smile 0-6:45 and then class again 7-8:15   @ @"
is quite stressed with the events of today  
is home for the night and is planning on catching some zzzzz's  
getting ready for work 4-11    annoyed 
thinks people need to think through the consequences of their actions   before they act 
is frustrated    trani is slipping on my car and i can't drive it  it's beached!
is happy that my night class is cancelled  at work now    stuff's hectic  
is frustrated   the trani on my car is blown   i have to find a new one or a new car 
is getting some stuff done in the house before work 4-11pm 
is working on tons of homework    the light at the end of the homework tunnel is only flickering in the wind right now    soon it will be snuffed out for the night and re-lit as the <propfemale> of tomorrow approaches 
"is tired, but still has a few more things to do before bed   laundry   more homework   already did the dishes though "
"is overtired, overworked, under appreciated and still has to do an online quiz   for math! ugh!"
is getting ready to bounce!
"is at work and kinda tired, but still wants to go to ny tonight!  laugh "
needs some sugar    on a sweet rampage   but doesn't have anything!
is getting ready to go to work 4-11  it's gonna be a crazy shift!
is home for the night  crazy schedule for tomorrow though   
"is contemplating  victory? maybe too early to celebrate   can't count my chickens before they hatch   damnit, i have 5! lolz  "
is preparing for a night of awsomeness!
closing at dunkin then back to work at 6 smile 0am 
is home from work for the night    have to be back for 6 smile 0am    playful 
is heading to the gym after i get out of work at 8  then home to catch up on sleep 
"lots of things to do today! gym, finances, laundry, but no work or school!!!!!! yay!!"
"is regretting opening this energy drink    now i'm mushy-brained, but energetic   terrible combination  "
work at d&d 3-10 smile 0  stop in to see me if you want   joyful 
squished her thumb at work and now it is throbbing!!!! maybe it's time to go to sleep    sad 
finally crawled out of bed annoyed that i had class today   then i realized it's spring break and i don't have to get up yet!!!  fail?    or total win!
chillin at home with my peeps   laugh 
"is at work, but luckily still gets to enjoy this lovely day  time to walk the doggy!"
already got a bunch of dishes washed  next- the livingroom and maybe the bathroom  depends on how long the livingroom takes 
finished cleaning the livingroom!!! bathroom's fine  laundry is up next!
is finished cleaning for the day   at home  off to dunkin starting at 6pm to clean that place    playful 
is out for the rest of the day  i'll be back tomorrow   joyful 
just got home and is going out again for another fun-filled evening  text me 
is extremely tired   at work  call text me!
got in a few cat naps at work   feeling better and relaxing on this beautiful day!
just got home from work  heading to bed!
"hates waking up at 2 am to her cat chasing a mouse, catching it, bringing it to me, and then letting it go for me to catch! ahhh!!!"
is home for the night  big day tomorrow!!!  joyful 
leaving for the gym and then work   smile 
is frustrated   playful 
is heading out to get my brother from another mother!!!  love 
is home from one job and off to the other soon   playful 
is content at work  waiting for the sun to set and the fun times to ensue!
is seriously not feeling well  it could be allergies starting    but it's most likely an actual ailment worthy of bedrest  there are too many non-allergy symptoms   sad 
still isn't feeling much better  hopped up on dayquil    my only relief  
"is feeling a little bit better, but still has to catch up on some much needed rest "
is going into work early to stay ahead for the day  
"is tired    tomorrow: gym, class, work, sleep "
is home for the night  lots of stuff to do tomorrow 
isn't feeling well   again! meh   
hates not having a dependable vehicle    this whole doesn't like to start in the rain is a serious fail   
is home from work  kinda tired though   
is deciding on whether or not to get another job   probably will   
is relaxing at work outside on the deck on this beautiful day!  smile 
is home from work for the night  text call me!  smile 
"had lunch with the family, then off to work 3-11pm  stop in to see me! dunkin' donuts off exit 14   smile "
is finally home from work   kinda tired now and lots to do tomorrow!
is ready for bed    busy day for tomorrow    hopefully can get some extra stuff done too   smile 
"enjoying the nice day, cleaning at work, and getting some of her own laundry done too!  smile "
got another load of laundry done!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
is tired after a long day at target and various other stores with <propfemale>   smile 
is laying out on the deck soakin' up some sun at work  hopefully i don't fall asleep!  playful 
is battling an annoying breakout    gah   stress       a constant plague of life  
"is cleaning at home  got some of it done, but there's always more   especially being the only one who cleans here  "
is tired and heading to work    doesn't really wanna move    meh   more sleep!!!
is enjoying some iced tea with fresh mint leaves   smile 
had a terrible bizzar dream last night that woke me from my slumber    sad 
is having a better day than it started as 
"is searching for a new car   found one that she likes, but mileage is a too high    sad "
has spent 4 1 2 hours trying to locate my car   so far only one   the one i waaaaannnnttttttt!!
is excited!!! tomorrow i find out if i get my new carrrr!!!!!  laugh     2006 nissan altima se-r 
"well, didn't get this particular car, but still has hope for a dealership in new jersey!  laugh "
is tired  lots of stuff to do tomorrow!
had a tumultuous night  figures    
"had a better day, but is now retiring for the night "
is out car shopping with dad! text me!  smile 
another frustrating day car shopping  dad can't make up his mind!!!  playful 
"got some laundry done at work, doing a pedi manicure next, getting a shower and playing with the puppy  here till 9pm  call text me!"
is getting more research done   this time looking at mazda's 
is getting everything packed for the weekend!  joyful 
is gonna be gone all weekend starting at    11am todayyyyy!!!!!!   laugh 
is absolutely exhausted  amazing weekend! pics will be posted tomorrow  bed time!!
"is gonna post more pics after she gets home from work later  also, drying the tents out!"
got the rest of the camping trip photos posted and is mostly caught up on sleep   joyful 
is tired  lots to do tomorrow!
spend the evening wearing a flanel shirt and <propfirst> shorts with the truck   laugh 
made some delicious steak for dinner   joyful 
stole his car while he is at work and is going to completely clean it out!  laugh 
hasn't been getting to bed early enough   guess i better try to fix that sometime 
is attempting to get to bed a little earlier than last night   1 smile 0am instead of 3 surprise 0am   it's a start 
had to deal with a very very drunken <propfirst> last night   and ended up sleeping till 3pm this afternoon   > >
is getting ready to leave for work 
is getting her ass kicked by allergies   sad 
"thought she was feeling better, but to no prevail  now her fever is higher   sad "
is finally starting to feel better  fever's been gone since early yesterday and i've been cleaning what i've neglected all this week 
on
got a little bit more tan today and romped around the yard with the munchkins   smile 
is off to work   meh   annoyed 
spent the morning trolling around with cats  =^ ^=
has plotted cosplay with her sister   smile 
"spent the afternoon playing tennis with <propfemale>, <propmale>, squeaks and <propfirst>! <propfirst> had to work   sad "
has perfected her bar-b-que ribs  they are amazing!!! nom nom nom!!
is cleaning her room and putting all of her winter clothes away till october!  smile 
"nom noming some strawberries, getting a shower, laundry, and then off to work!"
survived a car accident and is finally home from the hospital for the night  going to sleep now  details later 
has another full day of gimping around ahead of her 
made delicious strawberry shortcake! nom - made delicious strawberry shortcake!  nom nom nom!    smile 
is in the yard with the kitties soaking up some sun   smile 
has infiltrated the dph! mission in progress  details   never!!!!!   laugh 
"it's called dungeons and dragons, not dungeons and s w a t !  ~ albennie haynes"
is home for the night chillin' with the kitties   smile 
is playing c o d  with <propmale>!!   joyful 
can't drink energy drinks after 4pm anymore   was soooo wound up she cleaned the kitchen    for the last four hours    > >
is extremely tired  bleh   
is nom noming on some steak stir-fry   joyful 
is sick and tired of people taking their anger out on her  don't make me miserable just because you are  it'll only end worse for you in the end if you piss me off  oh wait    too late for sorries now   not that i would ever get one from you anyways you self-absorbed f##k!
just had a tree frog jump onto her leg  haha   laugh 
is cleaning her room and possibly rearranging it too   idk    joyful 
got her cosplay in todayyyy!!!!!!  laugh 
made some spicy buffalo chicken tenders for dinner  nom nom nom    joyful 
is sunbathing on the porch with the kitties   joyful 
another night of little sleep and lots of stupid stuff to deal with  why can't people just move on and admit their fault!! gah    imbecilic cretins!
is on her way home from a weekend of adventure!  joyful 
"is enjoying the nice weather, despite the heat "
is dog sitting for the afternoon!  joyful 
is attempting to relax for the evening after a really long day   with another really long day ahead 
is frustrated    knee blew out again and it makes for terrible walking     sad 
is contemplating airsoft!  laugh 
was sick all day yesterday and still isn't feeling well   sad 
is enjoying the rest of the evening 
has lots to do today in preparation for the con!
is excited for ctcon!!!
is nom noming on <propmale>'s cooking!!! omg!! it's great to have a pro-chef as a close friend   laugh 
is almost fully recovered from the con    joyful 
wishes she had just stayed a little later at work that fateful day   5 25 10  
is excited that her blood pressure is lowered from last checked in november! this whole eating right and exercising(attempting to) has finally started to pay off in other ways!   joyful 
is finished cleaning the kitchen  now onto the livingroom then possibly the bathroom  tomorrow maybe i'll start my bedroom   
nom noming on <propmale>'s cooking again!!! it's the best!!!   love 
has a few loads of laundry to do   then actually putting all of my clothes away in their appropriate drawers!
is having a nerd-fest at home  finally got the wireless working properly and her laptop running fully!!!!!  laugh 
is <propfemale> tired  getting some zzzzzz's now 
is waiting for mr  <propmale> to get home to play some c o d  and maybe some wow  idk yet  
is contemplating operation organize laundry    maybe    feeling kinda lazy today though 
is taking a few days off   from life i suppose since i'm not working  i'll be back late saturday 
"well, congrats on finding someone new <propfemale> quickly  it seems you make a habit of this   something i honestly don't miss  i hope you are happy with her though  just knowing i'm not with you anymore is enough to make me happy   smile "
is playing modern warfare 2 with mr  <propmale>! he's leaving today  sad  but i finally am getting more kills than dying   laugh 
"it still sucks when a good friend has to leave, even when you know they will be back  see you in december mister <propmale>!"
is going to be spending part of tomorrow trying to catch up on cleaning that wasn't done when i wasn't home   
is hoping she gets the job!
is happy to be painting again!!!! already posted a pic!
"made delicious steaks with rice and black beans  i was gonna put the rest in the fridge for the family for tomorrow, but they all woke up and devoured it     at 2am   i had to fight to save a piece for dad!"
is cooking with squeaks and <propfirst>   joyful 
is enjoying a quiet evening at home with the cats   smile 
still job hunting 
"gave the kitties baths, and now has to get one herself   playful "
has not been able to sleep and has a job interview at 9:15 am! oh boy   
"so, had the interview  gotta wait for a phonecall next week!"
is counting down to 21! only 4 more days!
is waiting for the doc to tell me what's wrong with my knee  only a few more mins till my apt !
"is helping mom cook  it's kinda late, but w e "
is on her way 2 pick up d from work  bbs!
"so, waiting for <propfemale>'s to open to have b-fast with d  nom nom nom \~jen"
is home for the night  much needed sleep to be had soon 
finally got some sleep last night   but got woke up at 8am by squeaks!!! gahhhhhhh      fail    going back 2 sleep   
"going out for a midnight shot with squeaks, <propfirst>, <propfirst> and swanky <propfirst>  =p"
"happened across <propmale> and <propfirst> at buffalo bills    then we all made our way 2 one eyed pig  yay! good start to an awesome b-day!!!\~jen"
"heading over to <propmale>'s with pplz! time to have some fun!  laugh \~jen"
thanx everyone for the birthday wishes! it was awesome!!  smile 
is angry at clover   he chewed then internet cord! luckily we had a spare   
is gonna try to actually get sleep tonight    instead of sleeping during the day 
"while on my pillow radar decided 2 lick my cheek & dig her claws in2 my head 2 keep me from moving till she was done w a 2\x2\"" area     playful """
tipsi's napping on my shoulders whilst i facebook!
is sick with a darn cold for the last few days  thanx to day nightquil i'll start feeling better soon 
got some more cleaning done today  laundry is next   (glares at heaping pile)   
is working 10pm-6am   so noone better call me before noon tomorrow afternoon!  laugh 
isn't tired after work overnight    probably b c i slept the 24 hrs prior to the shift  currently doing laundry and visiting with the other kitties while enjoying the cool damp morning   smile 
laundry laundry laundry    thanx to an early start it'll b done by 2 pm   smile 
is hanging out with hoagie <propfirst> and new britain's favorite chocolatier 
lots of stuff to do today  
is looking forward to more <propmale> this weekend!  smile 
getting a shower then heading to work 
off to work   then some sleep finally later tonight    hopefully 
munching down some dinner   then sleep   then back to work for 10am   
these cats fail at things that have directly to do with being a cat   like catching mice   which is apparently the human's job     o o
on the chair 
"is crawling out of bed like a newborn kitten   whining & eyes barely open   heading 2 work 10am-3pm then laundry, a nap & work 10pm-6am "
is thinking about apple picking as opposed to getting sleep before work  
went apple picking and now is going to take a nap before work!  smile 
has only slept for three hours in the last two days   but is still awake   and not going to bed anytime soon 
"yay! i got tons of sleep and am already awake for the day! what to do, what to do?"
"already made apple crisp this morning   now onto washing all of the dishes, then tearing through my room to get it organized! later gonna try to <propfemale> out with hoagie <propfirst>( <propfirst> <propfemale>) and new britain's favorite chocolatier ( <propfirst> <propmale>)    smile "
downed some spinach with butter and salt  nom nom nom 
"is up early again this morning   except this time idk what i'm gonna do    the only thing left on my list for this weekend is <propfemale> out with friends, but i have work at 3pm to 6am "
got an extra day at work tonight! yay for extra hours!  smile 
is tired and annoyed    bothering me right now is not suggestible 
heading to work 3pm-8pm   then sleeeppp    
"finally home for the night  sleep, then hopefully tomorrow will be fun   smile "
heading to sleep again   work 10pm-3am 
"is home from work  laundry to do, then eventruly sleep "
"cleaning my bedroom, going on a walk, taking a shower, dying mom's hair and laundry!"
is <propfemale> happy that there's now an awesome fast computer at home!! <propmale> cogle - thank you thank you thank you!!
hungry     :[
baking cinnamon swirl bread and making egg salad  nom nom nom!
"is getting some cleaning done, taking a nap, and then heading to work 10pm-6am "
"was yelled at by mom for not being a girl scout   never made it past brownies, sorry  =p"
slept for a good part of the day after work and is working again tonight 10pm-6am 
caught up on some much needed sleep  feeling better too  now time to figure out plans for today   joyful 
"so, i decided to get some laundry done, watch <propmale> and pamper myself after that   laugh "
"wants to catch up on sleep, but that's not gonna freakin' happen  great "
luckily picked up some extra shifts! yay for crazy big shipments and holiday prep   joyful 
work 10pm-6am 
out of work and lots of things to do today night   smile 
is getting ready to    sleep   work 9 smile 0pm-6am 
is home from work   need sleep   
dextering it up in a few  
got some stuff done and now has work 10pm-6am 
"work 3-8pm, then 10pm-6am "
home from work   but leaving again soon to work 10pm-6am   playful 
hanging out with hoagie <propfirst> and new britain's favorite chocolatier 
killing some time b4 work 10pm-6am   playful 
work work work work   cu all @ noon   
"worked 3pm-8pm, then 10pm-6am   and working 7am-12pm currently  all in a row   playful "
"after sleeping for 20+ hours, i'm going back 2 work  10pm-6am   smile "
isn't sure what she's gonna do today  catching some zzzz's now though 
is cooking dinner then leaving for work 
catching some zzzz's then idk yet  hopefully it'll b fun!!
finally got an x-box 360 and cod black ops!!!    laugh 
zombie levels rock!
now has rockband 1 and rockband beatles  <propfemale> excited!
"out of work for now, but going back 10pm-6am  need more time 2 x-box!!!!!!"
"sleep, then work 3pm-8pm, then work 10pm-6am    then sleeeepp!!!"
"is gonna b tooling around with new x-box 360, and cod black ops! boo yah!"
dead tired    only got 6 hrs of sleep earlier and going to my other job 10pm-6am   playful 
awake after an 11 hr  siesta  much needed  now onto doing stuff 
heading to work  10pm-6am   joyful 
is listening to music with hoagie <propfirst> while waiting for new britain's favorite chocolatier to return 
picking up stuff in her room  messy messy 
still has quite a bit of cleaning to do in her room   but it's getting there 
put the turkey in the oven and got the potatoes started  now time to sleep   
i absolutely hate black friday shoppers! ignorant and rude! do not blame simple employees for your issues lack of intelligence   it's not our fault  and i'm only night shift  i can't solve your problems!!! now i'm going to go shopping myself to plague other shoppers at a different store to get back at them     mwahahahahaha!!!
"napping   then hanging out with d,t & j  pants      joyful "
hopefully getting the christmas tree this weekend! <propfemale> excited!!!  laugh 
"$160 for 72 manga, $100 for 13 rurouni kenshin dvd's  where? from me! see my ad in fb marketplace or send me a message for more details!!!"
"new stuff up for sale: march 05'-march 06' imported newtype usa magazines  all mint condition w all the promo dvd's and the promotional excel saga menchi cosplay cap ($40 for everything) !!!! also, march 05'-march 06' shonen jump magazines  most mint condition! ($10 for all) check out my other stuff for sale!!!"
heading to work for 10pm-6am   thank god 
is gonna be busy working for the next couple nights as well 
"i'm on a terrible sleep schedule   go to bed around 3pm, then wake up @ 2 smile 0am   trying to get it back to go to bed around 7am and wake up at 3pm for my work schedule "
got some christmas presents ordered off amazon  three ppl done    nine to go 
just cleaned out her old car   and cried 
work work work work work   and    more work!
"nap time then work, then work, then nap time   the more work!!! oh boy  "
napping then work   after that i'll actually get a nights rest for the first time in over a week!!! thank goodness  
is getting the christmas tree today!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i sleep now  =p
last night of extra hours @ work for a while  i'll finally b able 2 relax soon!   laugh 
sleep   then catching up on chores ect 
just woke up for the day   lots to do 
got the grocery shopping done and is about to start cooking something nom nom!!
<propfemale> busy for the next three days! i'm gonna miss my bed   annoyed 
trying to clean and decorate for christmas with nosy cats is not easy   
i have a feeling that today is going to be a wonderful day!   joyful 
all wonderful days come to an end and the start of a bad day commences 
just finished watching dead snow   it's a norwegian movie about nazi zombies  dad picked it out  lolz  pretty good  vamped me up for cod zombies!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
feeling better and kicking some serious ass in cod online mulitplayer!
"has the tree decorated, a train under said tree and also presents wrapped under the tree  it's beginning to look like christmas here finally!  love "
went bounding through 1 ft  of snow with dad all the way to stop & shop to bail out someone's lucky ass ( <propfirst> j drake  )  lolz 
is getting ready for work    playful 
cuddling with my munchkin and hope to shake this cold b4 i leave 4 work 
getting my room cleaned up and my clothes sorted  finally starting 2 feel a <propmale> better too   joyful 
"is all done picking up her clothes and most of her room! feeling 90% better, but not gonna push it yet "
tipsi just caught a mouse and i was able to rescue it alive and uninjured to release back into the wild   joyful 
is playing cod and then some assassins creed iii w  mr  <propmale> 
needs more than the measly 8 hours each week at work   time to find a new job!!
outside shoveling 4ft of snow in the backyard   playful 
isn't feeling well today  it's time to de-stress and take a vaca 
needs a job that i actually get hours at   
"do any of us really know everybody on our friends list? here is a task for you: i want all of my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
"visiting <propfirst>, <propfirst>, grammy, <propfemale> and dougie!"
hates having to come home after a day away from this place 
why must it snow? i have way too many things to do today for it to be snowing    sad 
just finished cleaning up her room some  much more to do tomorrow still!
"watching 4 four brothers, washing dishes, and soon baking pb cookies!!  laugh "
is <propfemale> excited! her little muffin is outplaying in the snow for the first time all winter! she's feeling much better and is tons healthier thanks to me bringing her to the vet!  love 
hates shoveling snow when there's a perfectly capable brother sitting on the couch playing videogames being a useless sack  > surprise 
is sooooo excited!!! i just filed my tax returns and supposedly i'm getting a boatload of $$ back!!! take that federal pigs!!!    laugh 
slept all night without interruption from her cat! finally!  laugh 
napping with my munchkin then shoveling snow   playful 
"getting a nice hot shower, then treating myself to a nice relaxing evening   joyful "
did i mention that b4 my relaxing evening that i have 2 shovel 50lb  shovelfuls of ice? that the downside of my relaxing evening   playful 
"waiting for my facemask 2 dry  a little late, but finally starting my relaxing evening "
"it's stronger than you thought, searching for a match    and it's red "
"ugh     so much planning to do still  got a huge chunk of it done instead of sleeping!! all flights finally picked out, transport from airport to bus, bus to destination and hotel scoped out  still need 2 get hotel transport, book everything and get there!!"
visiting grams! <propfemale>'s all hepped up!  รยง
will be returning home in the morning  good weekend 
"new facemask today! grapefruit, pomegrant and oat! tingles a bit, but it worked great!"
today officially sucks  i'm sicker than a dog  all i can do if pray to the porcelin gods i don't get sick another time    sad 
took some tylenol and finally is starting to feel a bit better   joyful 
tinkering with my new 32 gb ipod touch!  laugh 
soaked up a little bit of sun while it was warm today! feeling great!
tired after work    getting a few things done then bed!
oooo soooo scrumdidlyrumptious
is baking a cake then off to work!
tired    finally going to sleep 
"tried enjoying her ice-cream, but was bamboozled by the munchkins!"
"has never made home-made pizza before, so all the mishaps can't be blamed on me when there were three other people helping that have done it before and still couldn't get it right  luckily it came out okay because i'm just fancy like that "
"laundry, shower, walking and then idk  "
getting the rest of the details of my trip figured out and i'm super excited! 38 more days till take off!
determined to get a good amount of this laundry done today!
"got 6 loads of laundry done earlier, 9 more to go     playful "
"laundry, shower, cleaning up and then stuff "
strawberry
"had to set a password on her x-box live account because someone decided to charge my credit card account for microsoft points for themselves without asking permission and it cost me more than enough to be miffed  i'm gonna get you, you mother fucking little bastard "
"i took some ppl off my friends list a while back and it baffles me that they had the balls to now send me a friends request  no  not happening  you dug your grave, so now you get to lay in it while i throw the dirt on you  you didn't have my back and kicked me when i was down  fuck you  i really wish facebook gave the \let them know you rejected friend request\"" option because i would have used it """
reopening old scars to make them heal better this time around 
<propfemale> tired after a long weekend  going to bed early now!  joyful 
adding tons of songs to my itunes and ipod!
should i give up or should i just keep chasing pavements? even if it leads nowhere? or would it be a waste even if i knew my place?
making golumpki! it's gonna be spool delicious!
just got the golumpki in the oven  2hrs of prep time and now 2 or so hours of baking! it will def  be worth it though!
i sleep now!
"made eggs, toast and bacon for breakfast! <propfemale> yummy! also had some grapes and orange juice   smile "
"laundry, shower, then hanging out   joyful "
is cranky and having a bad day 
"today is starting to get better  my heap of electronic junk, aka my laptop, has been granted life again!!! it will be back to operational soon! just fyi- never buy a <propfemale> laptop!!!! they drop hard drives and motherboards like slippery soap "
misses going to the gym every day   but i'll be there again soon! doc's gonna clear me to go back! <propfemale> excited!
going to the <propmale> <propfirst> concert at <propfemale> square garden on the 16th!!!
cuddling with tipsi    i don't wanna get up now!  laugh 
fuck this shit  this world is beyond repair and salvation  let it all burn and consume everyone and everything in it's entirety 
sipping lemonade and munching on coconut cookies with hopes of being whisked away to a tropical paradise  *sigh*
got her laptop back and it's working!!!!! (i'm using it right now!!)
getting a few things done at work while my patient sleeps! aka more songs for my ipod!! <propfemale> glad to have my laptop back to be able to do this 
"can't wait for this weekend! beautiful weather forecast, game night, and relaxing!!!"
omg    this is <propfemale> weird! http annoyed  news yahoo com s yblog_upshot 20110310 od_yblog_upshot zombie-ants-fall-victim-to-mind-control-fungus
today counts at the #1 worst day at work ever 
my day has down-graded to one of the worse in quite some time  innocent creatures suffered and there was nothing more i could do 
i love just sitting and watching my cat run around the house  it's like watching a miniature black panther on safari in my house  lolz 
dming for my first time today!!! sooo excited!!  laugh 
so tired    a long week ahead of me still 
can't wait for friday when it's gonna be in the 60's!!!
waiting for the train!
getting lunch then heading to the apartment! concert at 8 pm!
in my seat at <propfemale> square garden waiting for <propmale> <propfirst> to come out on stage!  laugh 
he's on stage !! omg yay!  laugh 
<propmale> <propfirst> has <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> allman performing with him! hopefully <propfirst> <propfirst> will too 
<propmale> <propfirst> concert was amazing! heading back to hotel for the night after grabbing a drink!
"hoping to catch part of the st  patricks day parade before heading on the train home! oh, and grabbing a beer!"
"home after an exhausting two days of city navigating and work  today's gonna be crazy as well  6am taxi service for my friend, less than 4 hours of sleep, and then an extra long shift at work!"
"shower, lunch, laundry and family game night!"
just say
just saw <propfirst> bebs at ace hardware in newtown    lolz 
relaxing at home with the kitties   smile 
"my mom is such a sissy! i trapped a mouse in the kitchen, had it all blocked off and all she had to do was guard one doorway  i got\him out and he escaped because she screamed and ran away from her post! gah! now i have to track him down again before the cats!"
"i'm selling my 32 gb ipod touch 4th generation for $300  getting an iphone and don't need it anymore  just purchased in february and mint condition  comes with the hard case, screen protector, earphones, charger and a soft carrying case  still under warranty  send me a message if you are interested or give me a call  203 695 5147"
"work 1 smile 0-7, but i don't wanna get up yet!  playful "
wanna go home    meh  
leaving work soon and looking forward to game night tomorrow!
"hates when people are inconsiderate of others, especially when you call them on it and they still don't care "
just made one of the most delicious steak sandwiches i have ever had  next time will be even better 
it's not even 8 smile 0 am yet and i've already had one hell of a day 
"disk cleanup, virus scan and defrag underway!"
karayoke at churchhill! feelin' fly!
"<propfemale> tired, but had a good night out with everyone! now at the docs and then laundry!"
subway  nom nom 
done with laundrymat  taking a nap then back to more laundry at home 
soaking up some sun while chilling with the cats  then onto laundry 
work  then laundry!
long day at work  12-8pm  then more laundry and packing for the trip!  laugh 
packing for the trip    <propfemale> much left to do and <propfemale> little time!!! long day at work again too!
exhausted after a whole night of packing  time for bed!
getti
getting the last few things packed into my suitcase and backpack! then a shower and bed  san <propfirst> by 2pm!  laugh 
can't sleep  leaving in 3 hrs  and i'm too anxious!!!  playful 
left the house and i'm on my way to jfk!
at jfk! getting baggage checked and them onto screenings!
trying not to fall asleep before boarding the plane   next time i'll get more sleep before flying!
landed in sfo! heading to the hotel and then hopefully the beach to enjoy 73 degrees of sun!
waiting for the hotel shuttle! it's 75 degrees and i'm soaking up this sun!!
sunbathing out on the patio next to the pool!  smile 
dinner then repacking my suitcase and sleeep!
watching my first west coast sunset!
back to the airport for my next flight already! 14 hours from final destination!
"on the bus headed to <propfirst>, or and then to <propfirst> and <propfemale>!  joyful "
in a good mood   wink 
had a great night! now onto having a crazy good day!
<propfemale> makes the world go round   and this room     laugh 
going to the beach today!!  joyful 
