ad3fbf2225feaa40aa4a9ced6b2e9ea7
happy new year out the old in with the new!!!!
team <propfemale> rocks!!!
such a cold <propfemale> snowy day   home from work making some meat balls adnd ravolis   yum
what a long weekend    christian crusade   harvest 2009 at jones beach was a good time! sneaker cake is done! check it out!
my one day off    too much to do and  don't want to do any of it
is home     still have to fold laundry  at least the car is done    aside from needing adjustments
"so i didn't go to bed till 1130    thanks to a certain someone    you know who you are, but at least laundry is folded "
is home   the car saga is over     thank god   now have to wash dishes 
yea the dishes are done    i really must try to get to bed 
more rain   what the hell? i'm so tired of rain!
is wondering what the loud bang was outside her door
thank god the weekend is over    happy fathers day to all the dads!
needs rest    must have rest!
home sweet home   never enough time in a day     and heading into a busy busy weekend!!! look for pictures of the tombstone cake and flag made up of cupcakes
home yet again    the orders at work keep coming in     i hope these storms stop so i can sleep!
off to bake patriotic desserts!
wow it's been days since i've been on   hello facebook 
is so gosh darn aggravated!!!!!! can't wait till this weekend    hello <propfemale>!!!!!
is packing!!
is home     a couple of days now still need to unpack  good bye maryland   glad to be home ny!
it's so damn hot
thank god for the a c   i'm so happy
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
so    being caught between family and love is a horrible place to be 
so so sore after almost dying at splish splash   my poor head
life sucks    simple
going into the weekend   more work
off to <propfirst>'s <propfemale>'s funeral    sad 
tomorrow day 6 of the 12 days working straight     bingo tomorrow at the library!
home    never made it to bingo   but did make it to aunt <propfemale>'s and thats much more important  tomorrow is day 7   277 of the 600 wedding favor cookies scooped!
"how is it that its 12:43 am? b c i just got back from nj with mother  with her brand new car    going into day 8   592 cookies scooped now to just bake, fill, bag, seal, ribbon and sticker     do i feel a cold coming on?"
pure exhaustion   532 of 592 cookies baked    tomorrow is day 9   cold please bother me another day 
all cookies are done!!!!!! bagged with twisties and ribbons  thank god   now to beat this cold
feels like crap and then some!
please tell me does anyone have the right to say if someone else has the right to date another person?
so so tired 
i truly don't understand people   or the world
just looked in my fridge    empty  sad  i'm hungry
well it's mutually official we're on a break    
is so confused and disheartened   where is life's instuction booklet?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
when do you stop becoming the child and is equal as a human being?
i'm excited    tomorrow is burn the floor ion broadway!!!!!!!
burn the floor!!!!!!!!! hello <propfemale> and <propmale>!
<propmale> is hot!!!!
i just don't know anymore    
tug of war is the name of the game   which side will win? i'm just the rope    
spent how many days on the boat    well worth the rush!
off to court and then work   wish me luck!
is home very very sun kissed
who's want to work? not i!!!
u know what people really piss me off!
is up with only a couple hours of sleep after trying to party like a rock <propfemale>!
if you only knew the rock <propfemale> and how she doesn't party 
is such a sap!
hmmmm didn't think it was such a crime to want to be in her own apt   
work yet again? when is there a day off?
where to start? so much to do    
at <propfirst>'s apt   awaiting drinks    
do i have to answer to people b c of my facebook status?
another day    
is running so so late     ahhhh
is so tired of people
so late already   always so much to do   where to start? message me anyone   lol
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  congress should overhaul the us health care system  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day"
cleaning   
is excited and overwhelmed with getting the tattoo coffee house account    go me
has a gray hair    sad  not even thirty yet  damn life!
wheres the goose   i've got to be feeling loose    maybe i should ask upstairs   
where is the pot of gold   it would come in handy about now    
is packing    
is so tired   must finish packing     
really should go watch what happened with kanye and talor   thank god for dvr
is up   thankgod i leave tomorrow!
read this so thought i should let you know: the fan check application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in  even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you  please inform all you friends and remove delete the application asap  co   py and paste this as your status so word gets    around quickly   
<propfirst> swayze died????     sad 
kanye how could u be so heartless?
tuesday i leave for florida till next week    i'll talk to ya when i get back!
is back from florida    trying to get back on track    but am a little derailed   haha
really need to go to bed    work tomorrow   then <propfemale>'s bachlorette party yay!    then straight to work   ugh can i make it?
getting ready for the party!
getting ready for the big e    off to massachusetts
back from the big e    so so full   lol
just doesn't know anything anymore
just want to cry and cry    pms or life?
i's raining   i'm tired   not a combo to want to go to work
work    dad's birthday  nothing too great
ahhh work so early    so tired
absolutley loves glee!!!!!!
just can't get thru to people
so much to do    where to start?
well i got alot accomplished but just not enough    the bed is still covered with clothes
off to bed   how pathetic    work at 5   anyone have a job for me? i need a new one
way to early in the morning   at least tomorrow is <propfemale>'s wedding!
who's excited for <propfemale>'s wedding?    i am   first work   where i ge tthe joy of recreating someone's top tier of their wedding cake for the 1st anniversary!!!
finally off    
loves playing monopoly at mcd's   
you need a check up from the neck up   lol     i love dwts
so tired of being tired    
entering mcd's monopoly codes online    dork
3 more days till vegas!!!!!!!
is having a nervous breakdown    
how many people are going to post about the yankees? who the hell cares? i dont   but thats just me    
hip hooray tomorrow is the day i leave for vegas!!! talk to you when i get back! next tuesday 
back from vegas   helloo everyone!
now theres a glee soundtrack   yes
damn world series   no glee tonight! i hate sports!!!
yea yea congrats yankees   now lets get on with the day
loves loves ugly betty   but she made me late for work
is home and very emotional    doesnt anyone else wish we were born without a heart?
i am thankful for some great people in my life   especially one who think i'm great!
"today i am thankful for     having the money to purchase <propfemale>'s cupcakes n such, realize how much they suck and how good i am!!!!"
today i am thankful for all the men and woman who served our country   especailly <propfemale>!
today i am thankful for my car that gets me to and from work and friends work  to see them and bring dinner to    
"after seeing <propfirst> <propmale>'s \this is it\"" i am thankful for <propfirst> <propmale> and the music he created     """
had a day from hell     so today i thankful that i'm home and for absolute!!!
today i am thankful for     freedom of speech    enough said
today i am thankful for t v    i love dancing with the stars!!!
wants to go see <propfirst> bon jovi
well this is my last day off till after thanksgiving   so today i am thankful for days off!
since i just recieved an order for a 2 tier 1st birthday cake    today i'm thankful for my talent!!!
"let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior! we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy & past this in your status "
another day from hell   hence a new bottle of absolute    therefore thankful for cranberry and vodka!
"what a shitty week, ending with what became a crappy friday   when will it ever end? my stress level is thru the roof!!!!"
is so pissed her dvr stopped recording the music awards and lost 20 mins of it   
dear facebook friends    i will be working the next 2 and 1 2 days straight    so i wont be around     happy early thanksgiving    hope everyone has a blessed day!
so   happy thanksgiving   there is so much to be thankful for   so much we take for granted   we should be thankful everyday    
black friday is ridiculous    nothing is worth it
so is it bad on my day off that i don't want to do anything that i need to do?
"is trying to plan her 30th birthday   a possible save the date of feb 13th, 2010"
has a massive headache   plus does anyone have anything to lower stress levels?
running late yest again      
doesn't feel well   mentally and physically
contemplating life    
does anyone know of an ine playful ensive place to have my 30th bday? all i want is drinks dancing and apps   
dear <propfemale> all i want for christmas to stop being so sick    thanks <propfemale>
boy when irony knocks   it knocks hard   
trying to do closet clean out   threw out one shirt already go me!
is heart broken   where to go to find faith in people again?
yes! thank you mother nature for a much needed day off!!!!!!!!!
wish i had a snow day tomorrow   can i be a teacher for a day?
state of emergency on sunrise?!   well at least it delays me to work a bit!
finally home    need to pack b c i will be staying in by my job    so <propfemale> christmas to all and pray that i get all my orders filled!!!!
has a toothache  sad 
so tired    running so late   
i don't think i'm in new york anymore the hell with kanas
can't believe tomorrow is nye    a year a change is ahead!!!
i'm looking for a job off the books   if anyone knows of anything please let me know   
37 days till i'm thirty   ahhhhhhhh
once again so so late    
just doesn't understand anything   
hates sports   knows nothing about them and is ok with that
don't say you're going to call back in two mins if you're not!
"how about \i'm tired of loving you\""     who says that?"""
feels bad for the people in haiti    lets say a prayer 
too much to do    too little time and too little energy
why do people turn things around on you?
love hurts so bad    
"i totally agree!!! be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree"
needs to be inspired for life
actually shut her phone off for over 2 hours   wow
?i love my mom!? for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! ;~} some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate  so make sure you appreciate them while they are still here   
where are your friends when u need them?
has anyone been to the 80s prom at webster hall?
dropped my phone in water   won't work  sad 
feels like crap in more ways then one    
feels so so alone and heart broken
not only am i heart broken and feel alone but now know i am alone   thank you for making it clear
hopes today will be a better day   
uld you believe a knights of <propmale> wants $520 to rent a hall? thats crazy!
hasn't been around   but here i am   
i didn't watch the grammys yet   but even though i like <propfirst> swift i dont understand why she wins every award    
wishes i had followed all seasons of lost   i do truly love the show   but would be lost if i watched it now  sad 
ugh the big 30 in nine days    god help me
wishes it was a blizzard   
less then a week to the big 30
let it snow let it snow let it snow
anyone want to see nkotb with me?
well it's count down to the big 30   work mon then off to the city for a couple of days to celebrate my bday nyc style!
thanks to the blizzard birthday plans were cancelled  damn mother nature
thank you so much for all the bday wishes!
so no <propfirst>    
this constant stomache of over 3 days needs to end!
misses him so much   
so sick with noone to take care of me      sad 
off to work    
work   then upstate for moms lymes disease doctor
needs to get her act together
contemplating life   
is off to the soup kitchen
wishes all this rain was snow
snow day for me   whaahoooo
really doesn't feel like going to work    and def not this early
is beside herself   
"tonight cranberry & vodka is my best friend, my lover and my soul sister!"
looking forward to spending the day with my favorite girl and my want to be niece!
soup kitchen today    and errands   no motivation for anything
auntie em uncle <propfirst> i don't think we're in ny any more!!!
so i migh have been getting blown away but my mom is getting flooded   heading over there to calm the hysteria    
drama   
so needs to pack     trying but not getting very far   what to wear to atlantic city?
off to atlantic city    carrie underwood and baking e playful o   hopefully a good weekend!
i'm baaackkkkk
hello facebook   long time no talk   
i just don't understand   how is it complaining when it's a matter just showing concern?
ticket for trespassing does it equal jail?
does how you handle your parents define you as a woman?
the emotional roller coaster is on a high    
just can't sleep    how is that at 400 am? where is the off switch to my brain?
balancing the the check book    filing bills    waiting for a phone call     sad 
tired of being on the side line
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
is so pissed off      recorded glee   first a different show played then finally got to watch glee for 10 mins then it's gone   erased      where is my glee?!!!
is going to be on dr  oz      will be playing a game      i'll keep you posted on the airing date
is going to be on the dr  oz show tomorrow   what to wear?!
well another step closer to the dream     the business name is filed     <propfemale> mandala dba as delicious delights !!!!
? love is worth it all ?
american idol was just wrong tonight!!!!
when i say call me back    i want to talk to you about something    that doesn't mean take hours
ahhhhhhhh
is it worth it any more?
going to cape may for mothers day   $400 for the hotel and yet feel it's not appreciated
oh what to say   so many things so little time   
heading into a busy busy weekend    
so many obligations   yet i'm only one person 
can never make anyone happy    maybe its time to try and make myself happy
tonight i am spanish    yo comi carne y frijoles y pusas!!!!!
too much to do    too tired and don't feel like doing any of it   
all i can say is house season finale     wow!!! can't wait for the new season 
does anyone know a good and reasonable website designer?
just when i swear u can't hurt me     u still do over and over again   tired of having my heart broken
is completely shattered
is picking up the pieces and trying to piece them back together
is really going to miss simon   i  ? him!
so <propfirst> won     what a strange show    wierd moments   highs and lows     sorry to see <propmale> go
i am as strong as my weakest link   the key is to recongize my weakest link and re enforce it
i give you money when you're in need   now please give it back to me!
needs to stop and think and regroup
\find a person who loves you for exactly what you are  good mood, bad\ad3fbf2225feaa40aa4a9ced6b2e9ea7,"i have recieved a word of knowledge here on facebook   \\you want to control so everything happens in just the way you want it  but at the end of the day, we control nothing, - it's all in god's hands, - has always been, and will always be  so, do what you can, and then let go, and let god handle the rest  \\amen!!!    thanks <propmale> so true"
be yourself-but be your best self  dare to be different and don't be afraid to follow your own <propfemale>      thanks michelle   i love it!
absolutly loves glee   kick ass season finale!!!
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i can really use a wish right now!
"as per a friend   very true! so let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the    institution    of marriage?? really?really?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree  ?"
i'm a big girl now!!!! revelation!
just watched 27 dresses     bittersweet    one day my <propmale> will come 
"taken from a friend   knows that god has a plan for me, and even though his plan rarely matches up with my plan, i know his plan is still the best for me    but once, maybe now, it would be great if god's plan and my plan were the same   "
i'm a good a thing that happens to bad people   or to any people for that matter
cranberry and vodka !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i lost count!
wow never thought ct could be so peaceful     found my new hide away
p h a t= pretty hot and tempting!!! 30 years old and you have nice titties   thanks man at the bar!!!
i miss my being at my hideaway and hanging with my temporary roomie terribly     sad 
so disheartening to give all of yourself- heart and soul to people only to find out you travel thru life alone
"taken from a friend   so so true!!!  \nothing in this world worth having comes easy  no great love ever came without struggle \"""""
who almost gets arrested for being in the beach parking lot after hours? i do with my girl   lol!!! according to the cops we got off so easy with a ticket   we were just picking up my car   for real!
if airplanes in the night sky were shooting stars   i could realyy use a wish right now!
do u feel bettter if you get things off your chest? if things change     
out for a few cocktails!
one shot two shot three shot more!!! and more we had   damn redheaded sluts!
doesn't feel so hot   i could really use some love about now
cold cold go away don't come back another day
is running away   far far away 
is so happy for my best friend   i'm glad that you found a great love!
love toyota concert series    nothing like waking up to <propfemale> underwood!
oh my god!!!! i did it!!!! this is monumental!!!!!!!!!
"\banging baker\""   lol thanks"""
ooohhh the family drama    someone help!
needs a private hideaway!!!
work week is just starting   ughhh and boy am i dragging
what the world needs now is love sweet love!!!
rather all i need is love sweet love!!!
i put myself out there constantly     i should really learn to stop  no one appreciates it
happy 57th birthday mom   i hope we have a decent day   and not world war 3 
oh decisions in life   why can't we have life planners like there are events wedding planners?
so it's confirmed    they're trying to make me quit!
i don't mean to say you're crazy   sometimes maybe for loving me 
hurricane <propmale>?
as per the weather channel   120 shelters are open in suffolk county??? for real?
good people    good drinks   good conversation    good times!
can't stop the tears from falling
researching texas    
need a ride to and from the airport    
off to texas i go    much needed mental break!
will never survive the south!!!
ny bound in a couple of hours   it will be good to be back on the ny <propfemale>!!!
ahhhh new york and all it's drama    
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh why can everyone be on the same <propfemale>?!
"as per a friend  i may not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i do not pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who i am today  take me    as i am        or watch me as i walk away! post if you're proud of being you "
if you have had any of my baked goods    please check out my wall and comment on a post from an inquiring customer 
"contemplating who i am   not so easy to change some aspects of myself    do i really want to? yet sometimes being who i am, the kind of person i am brings pain "
the straw finally broke the camels back    
the sole owner of delicious delights
was busy baking today  the first of hopefully many orders was filled by delicious delights   yay! on my way!!!!
hello fb via text         lol
packing for the the big e!!!
off to massachusets i go   helllooo big e!!!
at the hotel       rain rain go away        need clear weather for the fair tomorrow!
so far so good   the rain is holding out!!! keep your fingers cossed!!!
still at the big e shopping and eating the day away        
missed the 300 ferry now have to wait till 500       detoured to mystic ct      
back in ny   and here's the rain!
why am i in such a slump today?
started my day off by getting electrocuted some how some way    not a good feeling
could care less about football   the bad thing about the fall 
thinks csi miami kicked ass!!! but is so dissapointed that the hot cop was killed off 
help spread the word of delicious delights
trying to move on   but the heart is not cooperating
wow    glee was so emotionally powerful   it really hit home and made me bring out the tissues    it really makes you think   what do you believe?
is hopefully on the road to success!!!
"can someone please e playful lain the whole \i like it     \"" status's?"""
how do i keep getting caught up in internet scams?   someone's stupid
have to move on   one foot in front of the other   i can do it  can't i?
another day spent putting my mom's house back together    mayflowers movers and <propfemale> maids have nothing on me!
10 10 10   hmmm maybe i should play the lotto   lol
can someone tell me how <propfirst> bieber can sing about finding somebody to love? he's a kid    doesn't even know what love is
"did anyone ever realize that where you go to post your status the shadow description box says   \what's on you mind?\""   lol   but yet there is a <propmale> i can write    i must have too much on my mind!"""
i think i would have rather been born without a heart   then there would be less pain 
thank god that situation is off!
yay!     signing up for the gym   me and my girl <propfemale> richards are going to do our thing!
had a good first time work out at the gym   
"and i just can't keep living this way\so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage\i'm standing up, imma face my demons\i'm manning up, imma hold my ground\i've had enough, now i'm so fed up\time to put my life back together right now"
no fox   means no house  sad     i must get motivated
wants to see house from this week       sad  damn negoations
has court today dor such a stupis ticket    only me
bakind   baking   baking    
nothing like a good drink to wind down   
needs a new fb pic    
undercover boss is amazing   it really warms my heart   
"taken from a friend   life is too short, break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably,and never regret anything that made you smile  life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here, we should dance   "
can't watch glee   still trying to catch house from last week     sad 
oh what a day     late dec 1963   what a very special time for me   
off to the gym    
it is pouring out   keeping me awake
thinks i need a persoanl assistant
is going to the printer today to order my business logo labels! hopefully i get them in time for the 1st craft fair!
is trying to make a brochure for the business   how do i put all of what i do on 2 little pages   ahhhhhhhhh
needs more then one personal assistant!
calm before the storm   (if u want to call it calm)
"lord, <propmale> me the strength to be content where i am, the <propfemale> to wait on your timing, & the faith to remember that you have your hand always on my heart    so so true right now!!!"
may he <propmale> your heart's desires and make all your plans succeed 
1st craft fair   wish me luck!!!
1st craft fair was a success!!!!
taking a  break from a baking today   headed upstate
how can i be so tired?
"i have a silly question   when u post and mention other people on fb, how do u get it that their name is highlighted and can click on their link?   lol   fb illiterate"
back to baking   
glee kicked ass this week!!!!!
come on down to the weight room plus <propfemale>'s workout for some delicious delights!
wishes she had the support from some of her friends   
has a headache    what to do for dinner?
"if you can dream it, you can do it   - walt disney"
ain't no sunshine when she's gone    
off to see dr  oz today   maybe i'll get spotted by a producer   lol
trying to get caught up on things      
"heavenly father, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord, u know i am not perfect and fall short everyday of my life, but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  i may have more bills than money, but thank you for my family, friends, and a roof    over my boys head, and food on my table, and everything i do have  repost if god has blessed you"
"when is enough   enough? enough of the empty promises, enough of the hurt, enough of the pain, i have to get up, stand up and be strong   "
off to bake!
some day my <propmale> will come    ????
"don't dare to be different, dare to be yourself  i don't shoot for the <propfemale>s or try to be unique from every other girl   i create my own <propfemale> and i am unique from every other girl  i stand out because i'm my own person in every situation and people notice "
american music awards         yes        love it
realized that she really did make one of the biggest mistakes of her life   and for that she is so sorry
loves google's home <propfemale>     for all us bakers!!!
going for a drink with <propfemale> hansen    it's been way too long    
life is a series of ups and downs but as least we have life   i am thankful to have the strength for the trials and the heart to celebrate the joys    and the family and friends who support along the way!!!
off to massachusets     hell no black friday shopping for me     so looking forward to my weekend getaway
calm before the storm
trying to figure out what phone to get
yes new phone   yet there is already problems with it    go figure
an earthquake on long island? holy crap!\\n <propfemale>
i still can't believe there was an earthquake on long island    what is going on lately?
"getting ready for the craft fair sat     this saturday @ cw post brookville 10-5\come down and visit!"
did you think i was a pez dispenser?    lol   still laughing my ass off!!!! i love you <propfirst> d'alessandro!!!
ready for the craft fair tomorrow       come down and visit       cw post 10 to 5\\n <propfemale>
selling cupcakes @ cw post in brookville 10-5   come on down and say hello!
for those who know   7 surprise 0    just for hot apple cider!
hopefully will see many people that i miss and care about   
had an amazing time visiting with <propfemale> crusius villalta and family   i love you guys!
i love being at my bff house   i love you <propfirst> pellicano
from astoria to cape may   i got it made   lol
really needs to pack    but first i need to get home    
trying to pack    hate packing!  love going away!
wants a family in more ways then one   
can some one tell how <propfemale> <propfirst> picked her 10 fascinating people? <propfirst> bieber? jersey shore? i mean come on really?
had a great time yesterday with a special lady and an adorable little guy!
tis the reason to be shopping  on line at kohls waiting on line thats wrapped around the store  fun\\n
craft fair today 10-5 newfield hs in selden
on to day 2 of the craft fair   it's huge! newfield hs 145 <propfirst> dr 10-5   come buy some cupcakes!
really needs to get going   so so much to do  tis the season
i hope the new year brings new things 
"greatest man in history, jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master, had no degree, yet they called him teacher, had no medicines, yet they called him healer, had no army, yet kings feared him, won no military battles, yet he conquered the world, committed no crime, yet they crucified him   he was buried in a tomb, yet    he lives today  repost if you believe in your heart he is the reason for the season"
so many orders to fill so little time  plus wrapping still to be done
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> and christmas day  hope <propfemale>ryone hasd a blessed holiday
santa  there is one more thing i would really like for christmas   maybe during the year
hello blizzard   hell yea!
finally home after being snowed in at moms   
off to the milleridge inn for lunch today   looking forward to it!
can someone please e playful lain why i torture myself?
is so done with people
gives up!!!! hope you all hear me
gives up!!!! hope you all hear me! the ball is in your court!
"round one of jello shots made  think i\ll be making more in the morning"""
"it feels like just yesterday that we rang in 2010   jello shots are all made and the night is planned  but on a serious note i'm spending the night with people who are dear to me, it's been a crazy emotional year    i am making changes for 2011   focusing on myself, my business, being postive and staying true  hopefully close relationships will become stronger and negative ones will fade away  happy new everyone!!!"
"so so excited to be seeing <propfemale> e sheehan  after way too long    watch out applebees, here we come!"
what a great night! nothing like good friends and good times!
"how very true- a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, being a pain, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are "
so glad to be taking the time to catch up with friends     off to miss <propfemale> placide  house today
more snow for tuesday
whats to be said when you are called a pretentious and judgemental witch   you give so much to someone to be told you are a horrible person 
at my pizza making class     yummy!
snow again starting tomorrow   i'm hearing 12 inches plus here on the island 
1 11 11   should we play the lotto?
really feels like making meat balls    
i know the new zodiac signs are the talk of the town     they are saying it's only affects people born after 2009   
was on the productive train  but i thik it got derailed
so excited to finally be hanging out with <propfirst> <propfirst> after too many years    then meeting up with my fav boys <propfirst> pellicano and <propfirst> dibenedetto afterwards for some cocktails!
at my favorite boys house   hanging with <propfirst> pellicano  and <propfirst> dibenedetto
is throwing in the towel
can i just say that i think the dad from the show from my wife and kids is funny as hell!!!
off to little liam dodge's birthday party!
wow just about everyone's post comments on foot ball   yuck   am i the only one who doesn't care?!
"so so true ~i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post!~"
"yesterday i made potato gnocchi from scratch with sauteed broccoli, proscitto with lemon olive oil sauce    wish i had some leftovers   "
food handlers class today 5 hours straight    ugh
dressd ready to go to the gym but keep procrastinating    
trying to get tax info ready
power of prayer    a spark of hope    my faith is renewed
"love it ~with time, women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our bodies  so we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured, educated & happy  beginning today, when i look at my butt in the mirror i will think, good grief look how smart i am, i must be a genius!!~"
"shining <propfemale> bakery in moriches - closed, peconic baking comp in riverhead - closed, delicious delights open and serving all you pastry needs"
by this day next week i'll be 31   ugh is there a way to stop time?
"had a great night with my favorite people <propfirst> pellicano, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfemale> capone, <propfirst> petrone and had the pleasure of meeting <propfirst> beneventi  now if only i wasn't on 2 hours of sleep   "
"even though i don't care about football doesn't mean i can't enjoy the party   had a good time at <propfemale> palmarozzo patanjo\s house and was beyond excited to catch up with <propfirst> <propfemale> lisciandri     rockin and rollin and what not!!!"""
packing up ct   picnics and home cooked meals rock!
2 days till the big 3-1    where does time go?
4 hours and 5 mins till the official b-day time  hello 31
31 is not starting off so bad   thank you all so far for all my birthday wishes!
thank you everyone for helping 31 go off with a bang! all the wishes was much appreciated!
off to safié salon & day spa for the sybe'l makeup launch party! then to the teapot for an afternoon tea   the birthday celebration continues!
casting calls for top chef dessert     hmmmmm????
"2006 hyundai elantra for sale $5,200 runs and looks great    100,000 <propmale> all highway   remote start   tinted windows and rain guards   if interested message me"
watching top chef desserts       can i do it?\\n
i just wanted to say that since i've e playful ressed the possibility of attending the casting call for top chef desserts     i've been amazed at the faith people have in me and the support they have shown    it's nice to have others believe in you  i truly aappreciate it 
had a blast last night with <propfirst> d'alessandro and <propmale> mccormack   much needed laughs and pizza     cheese?
just watched he's just not that in to you   crying my eyes out   
the hotel is booked for sunday night   tried to print out the application   no luck yet   24 pages   preparing for top chef dessert casting call
oh my god - applications are being accepted for season 2 of cake boss's next great baker   i'm on a roll people!!!
"so the hotel is booked for sunday and monday night, the application is filled out and the chefs coat is ironed   i'm as ready as i'm going to be   top chef desserts here i come!!! come on personality don't fail me now! wish me luck!!!"
i truly want to thank everyone for all the support and faith   i am officially in the casting process and am not allowed to to post from this point on  thank you again    your support and encouragement means so much!
a bit dissapointed in idols top 13
"\so the world can bask in your amaziness   \"" ___ wow is all i can say"""
trying to sort thru the matters of the heart
is going to a flask and tranqs today!
vanilla ice is on <propfemale> <propfirst>       he's making a come back?
much to catch up on after a long busy week and a busier one on the way  8 days till vegas!!!
this day next week i leave for vegas!!!
way too early for bs!
dogsitting one of my favorite doggies at my favorite boys house
traffic sucks        god bless the people that drive from queens to long island every day
i really need two of me till about tues   any volunteers?
cranberry and vodka and the <propfemale> girls nice way to end a long day
off to pack   count down to vegas!
life can be really annoying at times
vegas bound!!!
sitting on the plane          already 40 mins delayed        fml
pool yesterday        csi exhibit last night       whats next?
<propfemale> <propfirst> tonight!
spending the night with <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile   smile  smile 
time to play the price is right! wish me luck!
getting sun burned by the pool        good yet bad       lol
just watched a wedding ceremony in front of bellagio's fountains       realized i made mistakes      missing you terribly
