d0cb6a22e62caf72d632cbe5f15a57a5
its hot as hell outside and im lovn it  well at least after the sun goes down
had a wonderful weekend       
aaa  hha getting ready to go to the second job     its not so bad      now if i could just find a couple of roomates things wld look alot brighter!!!!!
its so damn hot in here my eye makeup melted when i put it on!!!!!   have to get the air fixed 2 day or im gonna melt
i need a beer
hey everyone im finally back online missed ya!!!!!
its soooo bed time just wanted to tell everyone nity nite
<propfemale> christmas everyone
hhuummmm where to go 2 night       anyone have any good ideas
ended up at helens 2 night with great friends and family 2 bring in the new year!!! and i could not ask for more !!!
thank you everyone for the b day wishes lets hope 33 treats me better than 32 did !!!!!
the best things in life arnt things!!!!
had a great surprising nit 2 nite im getting better and better as i go!!!!!(in darts u dirty minded ppl) lol
im sick !!!!!!! yuck  headed to work
ok everybody we are having <propfemale>'s   birthday party bash next friday  the 6th  at dirty's sports bar and grill            !!!!!ya gotta come eat some of her cake!!!!!
stayn in 2 nite!!!! a good movie   crown and 7      me on the couch gotta love it !!!
took the top off the jeep and went for a ride 2 day i love it when the wind blows my hair in my face!!! hope i dont have to sell it to get the stang back on the road but ill do what i have to do            sorry everybody i just dont feel like going out 2 night!!!!!!!!!   some other time for sure
\our lives improve only when we take chances - and                 the first and most\,d0cb6a22e62caf72d632cbe5f15a57a5,"if all goes well should have the stang back in about a week, i cant wait!!!! did i mention i cant wait!!!!"
well it is what it is !!!!  not so much
"if you get to thinkin' you're a person of some\influence, try orderin' somebody else's dog around"
im curious how many people really cant sleep 2 night!!!!!!mmmmeeee!!!!
ya ever find yourself in a moment there are tons and tons of things to get done today like mow the lawn go to wal-mart  kids yelling (ok i dont have kidos but they are always around me these days 5 nieces 2 nephews) yeah thats me 2 day          i think im gonna take a nap!!!!
what a great weekend!!!!! cant beat great friends and family love you guys!!!!
off work early 2 night!!!!! thnk im gonna bake some sweets and drink a glass of wine
"never approach a bull from the front, a horse from the rear, or a fool from any \direction "
its official i am sick yuck!!!!! thank god for the little green pill so i can sleep med     wish me luck haha nity night
that damn little pill isnt working i feel like shit!!!!
ooo yeah that damn little pill finally worked im feeling great!!!!
i feel a fun night coming  on!!!!!!!
you can't tell how good a man or a watermelon is 'til they get thumped (character shows up best when tested )
the easiest way to eat crow is while it's still warm 
gotta go!!!!!get my butt 2 work   i think im getting later and later everyday when i should lead by example
lets play some darts!!!!! yup dart night at dirtys  2 <propfemale> go hope we dont end up dead last   lol
i just want to throw up!!!!! men always talk about how crazy women can be well let me tell you guys can be just a frekn stupid dumb asses as any girl could ever be! !!!
think im going to go see mrs <propfemale> tonight!!!!
had an interesting night last night didnt go quit like i thought it would but it wasnt bad either
think ill do it again!!!!!!! tonight
had a great weekend!!!!  im ready to get back to the grind    lets make some monies
wonder where the night will take me
oooo crap i stayed up way to late last night and did absolutely nothing!!!!!  i hate monday mornings
me and cubs are making halloween cupcakes 2 night!!!!!
people change for 2 reasons!!!!! either they learn enough that they want 2         or they have been hurt enough that they have 2         
finally off work!!!! what 2 do?????
damn it feels good 2 be me today!!!!!!
2 day is the day!!!!!!
"im missing my bi polar, alcoholic friend!!   it is what it is"
"i read somewhere that falling out of love with someone was like trying to remember someone you've never met  a sixteen-year old wrote that  i keep toiling it over in my head, wondering if it makes beautiful sense or none at all   funny how love knows no age,  knows no sex, nor height, nor weight, nor reason "
satisfied!!!!!!!!!!!
ok that was short lived!!  no thanks 2 <propmale>
finished our first job at ft  sill 2 day woot!!!!  cant wait 4 tomorrow night
colbie fell thru the celing in the attic it looked like a a chicken fight!!!!! haha ill be nice and not post the pic  i took    
the word of the day is        optimism!!!!!
sweetdreams fb!!!!
nothing like capt  crunch in the morning      its going to be a great day i can just feel it!!!!!
cant stand sitting around at home!!!! i feel the need to e playful lore all my options
sometimes i just want to drink my milk from my cereal bowl!!!!! damn cats
the word of the day is bonafide    it means made in good faith  2  genuine
i think       
had the kidos all day long i just love my nieces and nephews  we watched mickeys christmas and happy feet wraped presents and ate pizza    now i have a fever and im going to bed!!!!
"is it friday yet????????\damn         "
couldnt have asked for a better day !!!
im going to damn walmart does anyone need anything     
jst got off wk im hungry and exhausted i love my job!!!!did i mention covered in insulation    how sexy is that  smile  haha
just got off work gna get in a hot bath with a glass of wine!!!than i have to clean the hell outta my house make chrises b day cookie and hopefully be in bed by 11 wish me luck
christmas <propfemale> gift !!!!
had a great party to night !!!!! its the best thing in the world to see thru a childs eyes       i feel so blessed right now         happy birthday <propfirst> !!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
hopefully mom will be outta the hospital 2 day        they want 2 do surgery on friday
loneliness is a state of mind usually triggered by feelings
"ill have a cafe-mocha-vodka-xanax-latte to go, please!!!!"
i just dont get it!!!!!!  u know it!!!!
i have a cold!!!!!  sad     but my weekend was amazing thank you <propfirst> 4 the lil get away 2 texas u have wonderful friends and family cant wait 2 do it  again !!!!
i miss u !!!
where is everyone 2 night?
wow im beat  down just got off work!!!!!  nighty night
ooo damn i was so  sick!!!! yuck and im starving great way to get off those extra lbs from christmas!!!! thank you chapman family hahaha
aaaaawwwww crap someone come get mmmeeee !!!!!! im sturrrr crazy haha
nights like this i think i should reconsider cable tv
did i hear someone say ladies night ????
fyi: i am sooooo full of snot !!!!! i needed to share that
its cake night!!!!
