3f9dd5b7bedd27756c8b52a2dd60ab4a
squirrel
is sore from the gym      
is meeting up with uncle shermee tonight!
is watching <propfirst> pryor standup
can't wait to hit the australian tonight   grilled food and beer     mmmm    
i  love  top chef
hallelujah
it's almost friday
yeayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
making a new demo cd   anyone want a copy?  electro house
anyone been to <propfemale> cordon bleu culinary school?
hopes the typhoon misses hk so he can get back to bkk
what's for dinner?
tired and confused
needs to practice glowsticking for avb
christmas <propfirst> was a lot darker than what i e playful ected
in london auditioning for a guest spot on qvc        anyone know any good pubs?
april 1 - 6-7 pm - qvc uk - ilikaka sapphire show - see me as your special guest
thanks all the awesome people out there wishing me a happy birthday   the big 30 is not as bad as i thought it would be  smile  going to get plastered tonight
couldn't make it to the uk in time for the qvc show      next month or japan
in nyc from april 3-15   anyone around?
"just cool\http annoyed  www inbflat net "
u s a u s a u s a
"wow, talk about cutting it down to the wire!"
"dinner tonight - mixed salad, roasted garlic lemon chicken, spaghetti with pork beef meatballs, steamed vegetables"
streeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss
anyone in taipei?
can anyone recommend some good series to watch?
"spaghetti carbonara, mixed salad, italian sausage with onions "
happy i found the critic season 2
in taipei 11-15  anyone around?
taiwan baby!
any play any iphone social games?
chiang <propfemale> again tomorrow
bb pin 21d67e laugh 
hua hin for a swim
lacrosse tonight
got 3 donuts at lacrosse practice
lacrosse friendly match btwn thailand and <propfirst> kong oct 2   need to think happy thoughts
icing my happy place  tough lacrosse practice today
looking for muay thai pads to use for lacrosse
"thailand lacrosse playing <propfirst> kong oct 2  i'm playing goalie  free tickets, playing at muang thong thani  who wants to come, send me a message"
taipei this weekend   anyone around?
http annoyed  damnyouautocorrect com 1602 moms-office-fight 
chiang <propfemale> again    
sleepy zzz   
singapore for the weekend
happy chinese new year!
tgif
v 2009 ain't too bad
"drinking heavily this weekend, it's going to be one of those weeks"
soju and singha in chonburi
spiny lobster for dinner!
what a freaking busy march
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
countdown to <propmale>'s bachelor party begins!
