21f626be7719719d7bf409f7c026f0d3
if heaven sent me then why do i feel this crazy?
what's the point?
whoa!   laugh 
i am loving my boyfriend <propmale> like no other omg he's the best!  wink 
it doesn't matter
that is the question
i don't care
(malaise)
more than just malaise
living in sin is the new thing?
it's never too late to realize your worth       or lack there of
and now it's over     
life hates me today  smile 
yay done with class!
wasn't nearly as hard as i thought it would be     could be good or bad
when there's nothing to look forward to>>>look behind you
"\it will get worse before it gets better\"""""
i am psychotic  smile 
we are outlaws  wink 
amazing    
i guess i'm just a taenia spp  now  wink 
why am i stupid enough to believe that people can change      
i would like to put a pinch colloar on some people and drag them to the ground  smile 
"you're getting closer to pushing me off of life's little edge   cause i'm a loser, and sooner or later you know i'll be dead"
"take a breath, hold it in   start a fight, you won't win    "
"if i were a world leader, my first action would be to eliminate <propfemale>  smile "
i need a life
"dear future, i bought you, i own the rights to let go, destroy you, this is my life"
i  love  akcent
negri bodies  smile 
being around old friends just makes you realize how much you miss them  sad 
no more school for a few weeks  smile 
"a few words of advice: 1) all tubes  rafts should be fully inflatted before use   2) avoid <propmale>, fast moving currents   3)  sticks my not be used in place of paddles   smile "
poor balto tried to eat a wasp and it stung his cheek
my 57lb pooch is convinced he is a lap dog  smile 
 love  true blood
this is the final countdown    
eminem knows exactly how i feel  wink 
\blue are the words i say and what i think   blue are the feelings that live \,21f626be7719719d7bf409f7c026f0d3,in my past life i was either a metrosexual slave or a dog      <propmale> was a woman  wink 
got approved by the internship board  smile 
i'm somewhat jealous of all the people starting school today :-s
sometimes i feel like i'm going into ventricular fibrillation and there's no one there to use the defibrillator  wink 
now what am i supposed to do all weekend?  sad 
does anyone know the website for gibby's?
at&t has the worst phone service ever!!!!
large animal is not a class     it's a form of cruel and unusual punishment 
learned a lot tonight that hopefully i forget tomorrow
saturday can't come soon enough  wink 
internship at the cdc!!!!
come on tuesday hurry up!!!
so bored      
kongs are the most amazing dog toys ever made  smile 
"here comes the 18th man, only 15 more to go!"
halloween party at gibby's- sat  oct  30!!!
halloween party at gibby's- sat  oct  30!!
brain over load > surprise 
i can't believe it's almost time to leave my friends again  sad 
sooner or later    
does anyone want to practice restraining mice with me?  sad 
only a month and a half until i'm on the inside    
only 5 more tests until freedom!!!
now i am scared :-s
android  smile 
do all sports bars have their own groups of people who feel like they own the place?
"and i'll survive, paranoid i have lost the will to change"
i hope today is the last day i will ever have to study
i passed the cpe i am done with school forever!!!  laugh 
since when do they make quarters with the grand canyon?
goodbye <propmale> peeps  sad 
"can neighbors be friends?  in other news, got internet, live in real life farmville, balto is a bad little dog, and i found out some cruicial details!"
"you know you're in texas when: you see someone riding their horse down the street, drinking a beer smile "
i am e playful eriencing respiratory acidosis  smile 
first day of internship smile 
"now that i understand blood draws, getting mine taken isn't so bad  smile "
balto finds american dad fascinating     he's been watching the whole episode haha
i feel like i'm on an episode of big brother every time i go to work    
9 weeks left of this       crying 
"2 weeks down, 8 to go  sad "
i have no life      
isn't it weird being in the back seat of your own car?
"this is what my life has come to:  sitting home alone all, night every night, watching jersey shore and <propfemale> the vampire slayer   "
"let me e playful ress my displeasure for the season finale of life une playful ected by saying, \what the crap was that all about?!  freaking retarded!  they ruined everything  crying \""    that's all """
i hate the wind    
another weekend alone  sad 
i hate making decisions      
people who work for the government basically get paid to do nothing  smile 
i like working in the hood  smile 
half way done yay!  smile 
 sad 
balto is just a hit wherever he goes  smile 
"no matter how many times i wash my hands, they still smell like latex :+s"
something must be wrong with the world today    i'm actually in a good mood   
this is the final countdown: 3 weeks left!!!
yay tax refund!
i needed that  smile 
"i love how people rant about things online as if they know what they're talking about, when in reality they just sound stupid "
well it's over   
that made my day  smile 
goodbye foco!
yay graduation!  now party time!
oil spill got me good    happy times  smile 
the good part of moving a lot:  making new friends everywhere        the bad part of moving a lot: having to leave them all  sad 
"if balto had facebook, this is what his status would say, \stuck in the car with my parents for 11 hours   fml\"""""
