1786467191e6c850202ed497a755e4b7
yay phone at work      dang it breaks over
the wind sucks! but hey got off early cuz of weather
"black= i hate you \pink= your cute  purple= i would date you  blue= i did love you  red= i\do love you  orange= i like talking to you  white= i really care about\you  silver= we're close  green= you're sexy  yellow= i can't live\without you  put this as your status and see what colors you get "
"in pain, restless, and royaly fucked  maybe i am a bad guy     "
yay karaoke     i still can't sing worth a dam though
describe me in 1 word using the third letter of your name  this is fun answer me then forward to 10ppl & c wat u get
why does life always have to piss you off? honestly! anyone have an answer cuz i sure as hell don't!?
e playful ensive day  oh well it was delisious 
work kinda sucks when you finish earlyand have nothing to do 
yay lunch
son of a godforsaken little ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate my life!
work sucks today  too freaking hot for it 
yay brisk!!!!!!!
how can dreaming about a great memory feel like such a nightmare?…
if one dies completely alone are they missed? and if they are missed does one care?
i'm gonna die
"lost, alone, and cofused with one question on my mind  if tomorrow was your last day how would you spend it?"
ever notice how the answers to the most puzzling questions are usually right in your face but you don't notice them 'til they smack you? it really hurts!
time to get back to the basics  just drop off the radar and chill with the ones i can trust  lets see if i can't get back into the swing of the good old days 
time to get back to the basics  just drop off the radar and chill with the ones i can trust  lets see if i can't get back into the swing of the good old days            yeah harder than i thought  especially when i can't control what's on my mind       sad 
guess the only way to be noticed and acknowledged anymore is to be what everyone knows and remembers me for  i wanted to give up being an ass and go back to being the nice guy  all i can say is fuck that and fuck you 
rotflmfao
good night for a walk
stupid ghost bus
seat belts fucking hurt!
why do people complain to me about being sober? what am i supposed to do about it?
would it be bad for hitting someone telling me to deliver a threat to my best friend?
pw is freaking addicting!!!!!!!!
eh      life sucks at times       but not as much as blind dating!!!!!!!!!!!!
screw board games!!!!!!!!
still hates bind-dates!!!!!!!
