6a153db58062500eb68476e53f3fdd49
i wish i could sleep   
what is on my mind   
everybody panic theres a bear in the collesium
bored
<propmale> said   can you bring the plastic man??(wat dus dat mean?)
i wann another car!!
"be drunk, and be married man and miss me with all that bullshit "
someone entertain me
"you know like i know, that we know  "
oh   what is on my mind
its hot under these blankets
what is up facebook friends
its slow at work  someone entermain me!
whaaaats uuuup!
its 6 in the a m  and im wide awake 
what a boring night
hit the gym  then go to work  <propfemale> day!
let the sun shine into your soul
i had the worste dream last night
"now that the weekends done, im gonna try and sleep in some, all night all day"
"your a shinin' <propfemale>, no matter who you are shinin' like the sea"
even the clowns get it down in the town baby
"your a   rockstar, baby everybody wants you  playa, who can really blame you?"
today will be a bright and beautiful one 
bad day  
splitting headache
god gave me a gift: to have love and compassion for every kind of person and everybody 
depressed and stressful like ny <propfemale>
it's 6 in the morning  oh my lord <propfemale> feel so much better  i can breathe 
i had a total relization of my life today 
you allready know man  how we do it when we do it  we do it big 
no offence but most guys are dogs
someone stole my cheech and <propfirst> sweatshirt  sad  grr
laaaaaame!!
"work, lame and slow "
i hate these 10 hour shifts at the casino  i need a 9-5 weekends off job lol
casino no more
im officially temporarily laid off
my phone turns on!! my screen just doesnt work  annoyed 
done nothing for the past 2 weeks  no progress
super burrito
ashleys having her baby today! gonna be an auntie  smile 
oh what is on my mind
i got <propfirst> by the pound<whitney by the key
<propfemale>!
lameness in a pickle jar
karly(carly)- little champion
rip zach see you on the up side  sad 
cant sleep! missin my baby  sad 
im bored  someone unbore me 
dwam
good morning   and good night
"she said if i can <propfemale>, than she can <propfemale>\\and we'll never hit the bay bridge in the slow lane\\no t<propfemale>, like bangers bang\\and she hate the police just as much as me mayne"
dinos still in cali and i keep missing his calls sad  eternal sadness
"if a tear fell from my eyes everytime i wished you were with me, i would have a puddle of fallen wishes at my feet "
sunday couldnt come any sooner
meshhhhhhh
"ive completely lost mysefl, and i dont mind "
"im like a <propfemale>, try and stop me from shinin' "
sometimes i dont even know what day it is!!
today is wednesday!! haha
good morning sunshine  the earth say 'ello!!
"your a rockstar baby, everybody wants you  player  smile  who can really blame you?"
tee gee eye eff
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty
"going with the flow, and lovin it smile "
i keep it cold as cream to make ya gleam with thirty one flavors
"swishas and dosha, blow when we drivin benz's and cadi's, swangin big bodies"
"my <propfemale>, sittin on nothin but glass    stopping traffic on the freeway when i fly past"
"so please don't push to play me, pussy on some real shit, won't be defeated,if i'm heated, oh shit!"
i  love  milk  playful 
milk  love 's me too
"ill take you down, and wipe that smile off your face"
"lets get drunk today, lets get high tonight  maybe in the morning things will be allright "
"breathe out so i can breathe you in, hold you in"
"thats real people act a different way with me\\i feel that nobody wanna play with me\\thats ill cuz they treat me like a stain on they clothes"
maybe i'm the one who is a schizophrenic psycho
bmw 650i coupe  love  mmmmmm
"if you threw a party, invited everyone you knew  you would see the biggest gift would be from me"
"swishas and dosha, blow when we drivin,' benz'z and cadi'z"
eye miss ewe sad ( eternal sadness
i heart myspace  playful 
i just saw the biggest dragonfly i have ever seen in my life!  it was as thick as my finger and longer then my hand  its head was the size of a gumball  i came into dinos room through the window   allmost scared the poop outta me lol
i need a 40  ha i sound like wonton
"fantasy fulfilled if you come with me and i'll introduce you to a lavish live of luxury it's just you and me, wherever we go i wanna know is the one to stow"
what a shitty sunday
another day  another headache  laugh 
finally decided what i wanna do with life  smile 
very annoyed right now
sweet berries ready for two ghosts are no different than you 
just woke up  late day!!woo
stomach ache   ahh
someone save me  untill 4 o clock  playful  lol
benz's and cadi's  love 
"they don't know that you can't leave me, they don't hear you singing to me "
"walking to target, yay for walking? lol"
tgif my baby finally gets a day off!!
"been sitting in this room all day, lameness"
shit in between two pieces of white bread 
"rain, and fog "
"hello, whats up?"
gonna walk to the verizon store  hope it doesn't rain   laugh 
"and i aint never met a bear thug, baby are you with me or not cause you know i dont share love"
i need phone #'s people 
good afternoon
just got my phone back on need everyones #s
good night 
i  love  u washington  smile 
good morning shitty weather playful 
i am so bored!
eh   
good morning <propfemale>  laugh 
what a wonderful morning 
"yall done open up a can of sick ass, and its about to eat yall quick fast "
done
i  love  washington weather  annoyed \
good morning <propfemale>  love 
great morning thurston county  smile 
still love my myspace  love  love  love 
there are a small amount of certain people on this earth i find very stupid
good morning <propfemale>   love 
 smile 
good afternoon
stressed out  sad 
"   \ despite all my rage i am still just a rat  in the cage\""  """
i got a phantom rolls <propfirst> 24's with the bump 
i  love  1970 barracuda
good morning tacoma  smile 
my mind is wandering
good morning world  smile 
i heart <propfirst> in the box 
good morning usa
thats why they call me   bad company  love 
hello today 
stupid virus wont even let me download a spiware removal program  fuckin bastard 
i passed my class to be a cna  today was a good day 
ufc!!
<propmale> lesner got beat the fuck up  congrats cain what an accomplishment!
good morning sunday 
"take me to the river, let me on your shore  ill be coming back baby, ill be coming back for more "
i love you baybeeee!!
oh whats on my mind?
"dear budweiser,i love you "
good morning jungle of facebook 
"she said if i can <propfemale>, then she can <propfemale> and we'll never the bay bridge in the slow <propfirst>"
i  love  will ferrell 
my mind is outta wack today  not gonna be a good day 
happy halloween!!!
i only ate a couple pieces of candy  and it was still too much lol
"you look good,baby, must taste heavenly  im pretty sure that you got your own recipe "
i  love  u facebook 
let me  walk into your body till ya hear me out
http annoyed  www myspace com karlybobarly
life= keep knocking on doors untill someone answers
i woke up this morning and felt like someone punched me in the face  thats how hard i slept lol   or maybe someone actually punched me in the face  
what a wonderful day it is 
"all the lonely people, where do they all come from? all the lonely people, where do they all belong?"
"machi gun allibi, its like a lullaby  we smoke weed and we dont cry  hey, a pit bull terrier carries in your area and we really aint sharin' ya "
exactly one month untill my 23rd birthday  smile 
im tired 
smells like chicken!
what a wonderful morning 
i need a spoon full of sugar 
"i know a boy, he puts the color inside of my world "
good morning friday afternoon!
awesome
i got it 
hello 
whats up nookas? yaaaaaah!
what a day 
ufc 7pm woo!!
its my time of season  smile 
11 more days untill im 23 
leftovers mmmmmmmmm
<propmale>'s gonna be gone for an entire week for work  sadness  sad 
good morning! day #2 without <propfemale> baybay what am i gonna do??
i got the recipe for one hell of a life 
<propmale> comes home today hopefully!! yaaaaay
"a little bit of sunshine, a little bit of booze  a little bit of me and a little bit of you "
there will always be 2 paths in life to go 
good morning amigo's!
i went to the <propmale> for the first time that i can remember lol    loud
"all you need is love, love  love is all you need "
i just noticed i haven't written my daily nothingness here on facebook 
i need a new cord and battery for my computer  i cant use it at all  sad 
im cold 
good morning saturday smile 
holding in the irritation        >[
<propmale> got me the new hell yeah cd for my birthday  love  i love that man    laugh 
some people are just born to lose  and im ok with that 
party and boozin wooo!
fuck  you
too short too shooorrrt
"im a procrastinator  no way up, over, or around it "
good morning! what a wonderful day to be alive (sunday football smile )
"dear my car: i love you oh so very much, but could you please quit having problems? please and thank  you "
yup 
<propfemale> christmas 
no phone 
the foundations crumbling as the demons sing 
no spot in heaven for whores 
yahoo messenger gods allow my registry cleanup to allow you to download on my computer  please and thank you 
on my own road called misery
good night 
"\push it reaaal good\"""""
