cb779f8eccbdb7c8e2a10162dc4bc4c3
hopes everyone has a good time tonight  just don't drink and drive people!
is so glad that school is out for 3 months!
misses her already 
can't wait for the warm <propfirst> beaches
wishes friday would hurry up and get here
is having to go on a road trip with his parents and grandparents for two weeks    one of the worst ways i can see two weeks of summer being used 
need food
going down to oregon for two weeks 
can't wait for three weeks to go by
just got stung twice by some hornets that weren't messing around and now my ankle and calf are hurting pretty bad
can't wait for the next 15 days to go by 
is one week away from seeing her again  smile 
going for a run  6 <propmale> should be fun    ugh
good start for the hawks
how did the sounders lose to that team?   
go hawks!
going down to ritter for the weekend with steph and our moms 
"on this date 8 years ago lots of americans lost their lives and we should remember that, but what bothers me is that no one seems to know, or care that iraq e playful eriences the equivalent of a 9 11 attack every week "
just got a lot of college info thrown at him and is thinking this is going to be a stress filled year 
is wondering how many enumclaw kids are at green river this year    
done with my first day of school
not ready for another week of cross and school 
rio de janeiro? really?    now i am going to put up with a 10 hour flight to go down there to compete  lol
just got his phone stolen out of the green river locker room  anyone mind texting the jerk to let him know how much of one he is?
i can't wait for next weekend already
i miss you steph 
doesn't feel well 
no 9 surprise 0 class today again  can't wait for friday
hopes this weird sickness intestine pain passes so i can see steph tomorrow 
spanish just got so much harder
wishes things would work out a little better
will be glad when mid-terms week is over 
needs to get rid of some of lifes stress 
not looking forward to another week of school  at least the quarter is half way over now
"glad its close to being the weekend, but is not looking forward to running at districts if this cold is still hanging around"
"is excited for college, just not applying"
"i love, love, love birds!"
is hoping the snow lets up on the pass for at least 30 minutes
i really should learn to exit out of my account   sad 
"found out a cool way to customize your profile:    up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key"
why to professors try to cram in big assignments before thanksgiving break?
is glad she is coming home early for turkey week
i have to ask why we much write a 30 line long essay in first quarter spanish 
wishes all college applications were as easy as centrals
is ready for things to start to get better
late night airport pick ups aren't exactly fun  sad 
we are trying to get rid of a punching bag  its a 100 pound trainer that has hardly been used  anybody want it?
glad to have <propfemale> home safe and sound  smile 
will be glad for this week to be done 
why was accelerations and 6x150's hard? i wasn't the only one struggling either
is ready for this year and its difficulties to be over 
school is really dragging me down this quarter  i'm definately going to a light load next quarter
college spanish     :^p
wishes ellensburg and enumclaw were closer
estoy enferma y quiero mi novia
can't wait for next quarter
<propfemale> jones is my favorite
one day into track and old nagging injuries surface again
ready for this quarter to be over  probably one of the hardest schedules i at gr so far 
ready for this quarter to be over  probably one of the hardest schedules i have had at gr so far 
plu had to go and seriously complicate things   
can't wait for spring break to start!
"today, i realized the only reason i remember how to spell therapist, is  because together it spells the rapist  mlia"
wishes life were more simple
wonders what everyone will think or already is about this
what a week and a half it has been!
13 pages of worksheets for spanish on top of nightly homework?    really flietes?
its just one of those days
just broke my phone    don't try to text me
"i activated another phone, so i should be able to take calls"
good luck to everyone competing tomorrow at state!
"it recently became apparent to me that the letters 't' and 'g' are far too close together on a keyboard  this is why i'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \regards\"" ever again mlia"""
so tired of looking for jobs and apartments 
so who is going to plu this fall?
bye bye <propfirst>  our short time together was very nice and you will be missed 
thinks <propfemale> is pretty 
completely done for the quarter!
i don't think that i would have put so many hours into these invitations as i am now
officially became an uncle last night  smile 
"we are having a garage sale today at the jones' house  lots of good stuff left  if you don't know where the jones house is, it is 3228 phillips ave, enumclaw  in the meadows by the high school"
this class is wearing me out  so much to do in so little time
starting clinicals tomorrow
first day of clinicals is done  getting up at 4 smile 0 is rough  glad that this class is only another week and a half
i a sweet apartment :^d
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=h8wiyx21a1c
all the things that i own are in a <propfirst> ready to be moved in the morning    
"riviera <propfemale> was a blast, but it still feels good to be back in the claw"
don't professors realize they are ruining the college e playful erience with homework and exams?
so sad the weekend is coming to a close
"note to self, the word processor, pages, sucks  end note "
registering for classes couldn't be more aggravating  my adviser didn't tell me that i need to take a class this spring and now i can't get a class that is only offered spring semester   
chapped lips
the world will miss you <propfirst> nielsen 
"q: how do you keep a cougar out of your yard?\ a: put up a goal post"
only little more than i week i have to survive
"new thermal compression shorts are so nice :^d \chyea for early christmas present"
having fun in the snow
<propfemale> christmas  laugh 
