ebafd476e51c300e3dbb0882c0be0906
truly hates philosophy 
is moved 
is a free man again 
can't win against fools 
still thinks that <propmale> cardozo was the first hispanic supreme court justice 
hates u-haul more than death itself 
is looking forward to actually getting to see his wife 
is looking forward to seeing <propfemale> this weekend   and to our 1 year anniversary 
finally understands why selection can't act on epistatic variation   this makes him happy 
is feeling a little crazy 
"\everything was beautiful and nothing hurt \"""""
is back 
is happy the army has agreed to get him all the carp guts he needs!
saw a semi-trailer going up in flames today   and it was terrifying 
"has probably inhaled too much glacial acetic acid to be healthy, but is very happy to have officially started his research "
loves the fall 
is finally getting caught up 
my mind is numb with grading 
wtf?!  has the whole world gone crazy!  i must be asleep!
extends his thanks to all who wished him a happy birthday 
is planning on eating a lot of bacon tonight 
wishes he could spend more time outside today!
is resuming the dissections 
is thinking that parasitology is a lot less glamorous than ornithology 
is actually surprisingly calm 
"\i am but mad north-north-west: when the wind is southerly i know a hawk from a handsaw \"""""
"just realized that \nash equilibriums\"" are destroying the world!"""
is slowly remembering how to write a term paper 
is victorious!
"\sometimes i wonder whether the world is being run by smart people who are putting us on or by imbeciles who really mean it \"" --<propfirst> twain"""
is trying to figure out <propfirst> matrices 
isn't really sure what to make of iacuc 
got that <propmale> afterall 
is watching a documentary on mormonism has never been so proud of illinois 
is happy about his iacuc proposal passing 
has this wierd feeling that it will all end badly 
is really quite terrified by the idea of giant kidney worms   next time i have sushi should be fun 
has finally started his thesis 
is caustiously letting himself believe that he may have found two microscopic nematodes in a bigmouth buffalo   i'll have to wait for laursen to return to confirm it (if i can even find them in the tube of fixative that i put them in) 
camallanus! camallanus! camallanus!
had a great day in the lab today   cut up more fish than any other day and found both a male and female nematode in one and a trematode in another   who knew gizzard <propmale> could be so interesting?
found his first acanthocephalan   finally a parasite with a coelom 
"people\ need to understand that children with special needs don't have an \illness, there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want \whatwe all want, to be accepted  most ofyou probably won't copy and \paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least \an   hour? it's special education week, and       this is in honor of \all the kids who need a helping hand "
"to attack the freedom of muslims to build a cultural center wherever they want, law permitting (it does), is to attack the freedom of religion of all <propfemale>ns  there's been a mosque 4 blocks from ground zero for 40 yrs  we were not attacked by all muslims on 9 11 but by single a group of terrorists  hatred of muslims doesn't honor the dead  i stand up for their right to build; i stand up for freedom in <propfemale> "
managed to catch a cedar waxwing electrofishing   didn't really know you could do that 
just saw a girl take a piss on his car   fucking barbarians 
   and what of theobald smith   that a man as important is he could be so forgotten 
really hopes that this was the last time he'll have to take the gre 
apparently loves doing qheis but probably has even less faith in their utility 
somehow got everything done today; still can't quite believe it 
is disappointed that the bsgsa camping trip has been cancelled 
<propmale> just lent me a book on birds and the zuk-hamilton hypothesis   it got me thinking that if creationists knew enough about evolution to know about the the zuk-hamilton hypothesis they would have to hate us at least twice as much (i e  they don't know the half of it) 
is discretion the better part of valor?
its time to stand tall   wish me luck 
"from <propmale> nobel's will annoyed \   one part to the\",ebafd476e51c300e3dbb0882c0be0906,thank you to all of you for your birthday wishes 
"its been one of those days   oh well, \back to the machine gun \"""""
had an excellent phone interview with a professor at notre dame today   who knows?  maybe i'll end up studying charismatic macro-fauna in africa yet (   or at least their parasites) 
is glad that his adviser is alright with his timeline for finishing his thesis because its probably the best he can do 
found his first cestode and never thought that a tapeworm could be so beautiful!
is victorious!!!
