f285e4cbc29beac3e56ebe1feefd9662
"lesson of the day, \a truly good friend will openly correct you   you can trust a friend    who corrects you but kisses from an enemy are nothing but lies \"" prov 27:5-6"""
sigh
i will punch that thesis in the face!  smile 
just submitted a thesis    that's right    i have an <propfemale> in psychology  smile 
has tornadoes chasing her through south <propfemale>
resting comfortably in yellowstone  smile 
"saw buffalo, dear, and bald eagles but still likes yosemite better than yellowstone"
back in cali yay!!!!
is in need of employment    research anyone?
lesson learned when you call the credit card company to use money it says you have they reduce your limit  bank of <propfemale> sucks
there seems to generally be no employment in the state of california
"$100 in free food from claim jumper    nice! things are finally going my way, at least i wont starve smile "
hates double standards
happy sigh   got a nice bulldog asleep in my lap and a job interview set up  good deal smile 
<propfirst> moore sucks!
has decided that credit card companies may be out to desroy everyone's credit   even when you pay your bills
here we go again time to apply for grad school smile  getting an early start this year 
is thinking after 5 months of rejection it is nice to have employers fight over me smile 
is finally employed in research at ucla starting monday  smile 
gre i'll drink your milkshake!!! i will destroy you if it is the last thing i do! you have not beaten me yet   
has thousands of screaming twilight fans outside her door  man i love working in la  smile 
tired of double standards
<propfirst> lambert just scarred my eyes and ears on the amas    whyyyyyyyyyyy!
meh
is not getting pushed around any more  bullies suck!
ahhhhh silence is <propfemale>  smile 
happy thanksgiving to all  smile 
getting ready to own the gre  smile  pray for my brain not to fail me  smile 
4 down 5 more to go   
happy new year! i dont know about anyone else but i am praying for an improvement over 2010 so 2011 let's see what you got!
presenting at my first conference  smile 
meandered through central park and ate at the carnegie deli     now back to cali
thank you all for the birthday wishes  i am so blessed to have so many great friends in my life 
soooooo sleepy   
feels icky
you can still go anywhere   so why are you here?
ugh! why is the perfect ph d  mentor never accepting students    oh well doesnt hurt to ask 
quabity ashwitz!
god bless the maker of tylenol with codeine!
had fun with her future sister  six more days smile 
having a great day!
ahhhhhhhh my brother is getting married!!!!!!
congrats to <propmale> and <propfirst>  smile  and now i am looking forward to a quiet weekend after the last three packed out wedding weekends wink  love you both!
has the sniffles  sad 
feels great
go <propfirst>! that's right i'm rooting for him why should ally be the only one with choices 
made a janitors worst nightmare come true at the natural history museum when i came down with a migraine   sigh oh well my dignity was bruised but we still had a fun day  smile 
oh number 13 tooth   why do you hurt me so? havent i been good to you? why do you torture me?
step two of the root canal done     today i look like the joker with my  saggy lip smile  oh well its all over soon right? now pardon me while i drool 
movin and shakin
proud of my baby  smile 
thought i was going home from work at 2am    instead i stayed all night   glorious
sigh met my deadline got my abstract in and now    gre   again  smile 
yeeeeeeeeeeeeees!1400 i am never taking that stupid test again  praise god!
gleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"akkkk i'm a wuss  i did my basic tricep chest exercises this morning at the gym then tried to set up for my ab routine, and i couldnt even support myself with my arms   couldnt even handle jump rope and i could barely lift my arms to shampoo my hair  sigh    so sad  oh well i'll get it back smile "
sigh   everything hurts   and i almost hurled   good workout?
"the plateau is gorgeous right now, had a nice hike with my dad  smile "
"sigh   weekend work is so hard to come by  unemployed was was awful, under employed is just frustrating  smile "
prepping for a long weekend of admissions essays  smile 
feels icky  sad 
finally!
anything going on in temecula tonight    anybody   me and the boy are bored  smile 
just got an interview invitation at usc!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!
another interview invite at <propfemale> tech  smile  praise god 2011 is starting to look much brighter!
usc interview today  smile  i am sitting in the parking lot preparing  oh lord here we go     
wondering what is next  maybe it's gonna be <propfemale>     sigh i hate applications  smile 
"your beauty, your intelligence, your strength, your special talent, your wit    these things do not increase your value, because they are gifts from god and he could have given them to anyone   yes anyone  anyone could have been you instead if they had been given your gifts  which is why your intrinsic gifts do not increase your value, they simply increase your responsibility to use them in wisdom and humility "
i am coming back to visit boston next week  i'll try to bring the california weather with me  smile 
afternoon flights to boston have been cancelled    heavy snow  thank god i booked a morning flight  smile 
glad i decided to come out the night before the conference started  they are e playful ecting <propmale> flight cancellations tomorrow  good luck travelers 
ugh! why does the flight back feel twice as long!
well i completed my second usc interview and now i just wait    and wait  i could know as soon as next week (when i will be interviewing at vtu) or as late as april    sounds like a lot of sleepless nights  smile 
