07249738db038eadeb63614fe29b92c0
phillies game tomorrow with sammers & hoby  love 33
phillies game tonight with <propfirst> & hoby  love 
"is dead tired, last night  love "
"not a big fan of the rain, going to <propfemale>'s grad party  smile "
is spending time with daddd  smile 
jordyn is heree  smile 
catching lighting bugs  smile 
relay was fun though the weather was a bit a downer 
too much to do today  annoyed \
missing xc practice? fmll  sad 
excited for tuesday !
apples are fruit  smile 
tonight’s gonna be a good night
"reading <propmale> potter non-stop, xc practice later !"
legs are dead
new asicsss  smile 
dislikes itunes and ipods  sad 
"skipping xc, still going running smile "
ugly truth with <propfemale> & <propfirst> tonightt  smile 
"<propfirst>, you are coming to practice no matter what!"
is very happy  smile  seven new books from the library !
it's hard to believe how much i did for you  everyone knew how much i adored you  but that's that and i ain't lookin' back  tomorrow !  love 
the most difficult sport  cross country requires both skill and a work ethic  people who don't like cross country are just mad because they can't do it  urban dictionary  smile 
spaghetti dinner  smile 
five days until the office!
 smile 
"that’s just the way it is  i’ve done my best yet still i’m stressed  oh no i’m sick of the way it is, and what to do i simply haven’t got two clues "
outstanding day  smile  glee soon!
49 hours to goo  smile  !
watching back to the future  smile 
got speakers for the team rooom  smile 
don't tug on wire  smile 
"had an outstanding day, y muy feliz !"
aleve is my best friend
anyone from 8th period hnrs english w  <propmale>    what are we supposed to underline?!
"dead beat from this weekend; homework,  then <propfirst> is coming over then bedd  smile "
so hold on to the ones who really care  in the end they'll be the only ones there  when you get old and start losing your hair  can you tell me who will still care?  love  hanson  smile 
<propfirst> nitroy is outstanding smile 
29 hours to go!
running is a mental sport    and we're all insane  smile 
neww bookk  smile 
love tripping 
"last night was fun  dead tired, watching <propfemale> & <propmale> get married agian, and agian "
"i´m singin´ in the rain  just singin´ in the rain, what a glorious feeling, and i´m happy again  great weekend  smile "
"my heart was living down, and i've been pushed over the line  but on your hand, it'd be broken, and i'll be all over this time "
"homecoming game, psats, & scb  my life is outstanding "
"we gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each e playful erience in which we really stop to look fear in the face  we must do that which we think we cannot "
"thinks things happen for a reason, they make you realize those things you took for granted & appreciate those in your life "
finished the essay in four hours  the office is my reward  smile 
have you walked into any mirrors lately?
"forget yesterday, live today and approach tomorrow with enthusiasm for each day you live is a gift and not a right "
<propfirst> swift's platinum edition is outstanding 
"loves the <propmale> class officers, great day!"
had a fun time at districts  smile 
"we should challenge the impossible, e playful lore beyond our comfort zone, refuse to be limited by boundaries & never settle for less than we deserve "
"your mistakes don't define you they don't dictate where your heading, they only remind you of where you have been "
"success is not the key to happiness  happiness is the key to success  if you love what you are doing, you will be successful "
"no matter how bad people may seem, they possess at least one virtue  be like the humming bird and pick out the sweetness of everyone's character "
"i hurt  this isn't outstanding, whatsoever!"
"cloud bursting, it keeps me sharp "
"happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed  happiness is the spiritual e playful erience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude "
"happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed  happiness is the spiritual e playful erience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude "
"any xc person who wants to go see new <propfemale> tonight at 7, text call <propfemale> or me  smile  !"
"knows that she is stronger because she knows her weaknesses, wiser because she has learnt from her mistakes, and laugh more often because she has known sadness "
new york city tomorrow  smile  !
"hot chocolate, painting faces, snow, the big green, <propfemale> letter and the crucible  enjoying the small things in life  smile "
"sometimes the only things words do is get in the way, and the easiest things are the hardest to say "
my diabolical plan has been put on hold for christmas  my heart just melts when i hear the sound of children singing  ha! not really  i'm just tired  days are short     i don't know  maybe i'm depressed 
"always welcome a new day with a smile on your lips, love in your heart & good thoughts in your mind and you'll always have an outstanding day "
the love of a family is life's greatest blessing  xmas party  smile 
snowball fight tomorrow  smile 
"happiness is a quality of mind  it is something we possess within  if we do not have it within, nothing outside can give it to us "
"be observant  see the moments your in, hear the music of the universe, feel the flow of your soul, taste the passions of your heart, dont miss moments of life  celebrating 2009 with the girlss  smile "
"we gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each e playful erience in which we really stop to look fear in the face  we must do that which we think we cannot "
"forget yesterday, live today and approach tomorrow with enthusiasm for each day you live is a gift and not a right "
does it hurt? yes  then it's broken   smile 
"just singin´ in the rain  what a glorious feeling, and i´m happy again  tgif!"
good luck to everyone & your five <propfemale> research paper  sad 
"the biggest mistake you could ever make in life, is fearing that you will make them "
"the greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rishing agian after you fall  - <propmale> lombardi"
"all of your dreams, hope they don't leave you too  and when no one else sees, i see only you  how long will it take?"
going with <propfemale> to visit <propfirst> all weekend at susquehanna!!
"all my life i wanted to say, we've come a long, long way "
"mmmm  wow that is metallicy  that's like drinking a battery  really gets you in the fillings doesn't it  wha--anyway, welcome "
baby shark do do do do do do 
always look on the bright side of life 
"makenzie thiel, you made my whole month outstanding!"
faith makes all things possible  love makes all things easy  hope makes all things work 
"never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned people can change world  indeed it is the only thing that ever has "
last night was outstanding  smile 
you never know a good thing 'til it's gone 
"hope is not pretending that troubles do not exist  it is the trust that troubles will not last forever, that hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome "
work then c's sleeping over  smile 
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm! - <propmale>  smile 
"sometimes, something happens in your life that changes everything, raises the standards, makes you laugh, and makes you feel like you "
i'm a fortune letter    teller 
two more days  smile 
"why look behind you? you can not change it  why fret over the future? it's not here  why don't you live for today, and make it so wonderful it's worth remembering  nhs induction then spain  smile "
"is in madrid, spain!"
hola hola pepsi cola!
to be enthusiastic you must act enthusiastic!
i'm gonna soak up the sun  gonna tell everyone  to lighten up  smile 
misses hoby & spain  what a great combination   smile 
even the best fall down sometimes even the wrong words seem to rhyme out  of the doubt that fills my mind i somehow find you and i collide
"another turning point, a fork stuck in the road time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go so make the best of this test, and don't ask why it's not a question, but a lesson learned in time"
two more days until the <propfirst> witch tour  smile 
hoby! i'm coming backk!!  smile 
"hello sunshine, this is rayne-bow  sing along and wave your carrots in the air "
your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change 
seven more days  smile 
"imagine all the people sharing all the world  you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one "
"i used to dream about, the life i'm living now smile  hoby all weekend!"
h o b y hoby  love  bad romance!
loved every minute of being on a-team  love 
come on and open your mind and see like me open up your plans and damn your free look into your heart and you'll find that the sky is yours   love 
"forget yesterday, live today and approach tomorrow with enthusiasm for each day you live is a gift and not a right "
skype skype skype skype  freeze freeze new face e playful ression freeze! <propfemale> long
"she said show me the world thats inside your head,\show me the world that you see yourself, you could use some help\cause sometimes it comes with a shove, when you fall in love"
 smile 
"i have flaws  what are they? oh i dunno, i sing in the shower  sometimes i spend too much time volunteering  occasionally i'll hit somebody with my car  offficcee love "
<propfemale>'s soooon  smile 
"happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have "
had the best time listening to blue grass music with zach minster  smile 
it feels great to be home  hanging with the parents today smile 
"hanging out with <propfemale>, then work  sad "
phillies game with family  smile 
got to go scavenger hunting with some outstanding people todayy  laugh 
"wont you shine, shine on "
"it's not my chair  not my chair, not my problem, that's what i say  no way  stupid dresses  stupid flowers "
i absolutely love rainy days  laugh 
"wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring \your own sunshine "
"work at four, then hanging out with xc team!"
"working on slideshow for senior year tomorrow, then work  laugh "
so take a <propmale> and don't ever look back 
beach with the girls until thursday  laugh 
"all that i'm after is a life full of laughter\as long as i'm laughing with you"
"work, then studying english  i love the last day of summer "
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter 
guacamole cinnamon twist  sad 
"weekend, please come faster  sad "
desales invitational tomorrow laugh 
great day!
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm   smile 
got to sleep outside  laugh  going to the renewable energy fest with chel and <propmale>!!
happy international day of peace  glee tonight  laugh 
same twins  prom? i'm so confused  <propfemale> long
"another turning point, a fork stuck in the road\time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go\so make the best of this test, and don't ask why\it's not a question, but a lesson learned in time"
"something's in the air tonight\the sky's alive with a burning light\you can <propfirst> my words something's about to break"
forever we'll be boyertown xc  love 
"if you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more  if you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough   laugh "
pac 10s tomorrow  laugh 
what an outstanding day! pac 10 champsss!
when life gives you lemons make lemonade  laugh 
"hope is not pretending that troubles do not exist  it is the trust that troubles will not last forever, that hurts will be healed and difficulties overcome"
last xc meet i'll get manage  sad  good luck everyone!
"such a great day! got to miss school, and <propfemale> out with some outstanding people  love "
it's a don't tug on the wire type of day 
"happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed  happiness is the spiritual e playful erience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude "
"all my life i’ve tried to make everybody happy\while i just hurt and hide\waiting for someone to tell me it’s my turn to decide  laugh "
loved mansfieldddddd!
"not until we are lost, do we find ourselves "
"i love people who make me laugh  i honestly think it's the thing i like most, to laugh  it cures a multitude of ills  it's probably the most important thing in a person  -<propfemale> hepburn"
got accepted into mansfield!  laugh 
good old war and dashboard confessional tonightt laugh 
"people with a positive outlook on life take responsibility for their own circumstances, choices and feelings  they act, not react "
so close to the stage smile  i love good old war!
"we don't see things as they are, we see them as we are "
"i struggle to find any truth in your lies\and now my heart stumbles on things i don't know\this weakness i feel i must finally show"
i have the most wonderful family   love 
"i miss you, nanny  rest in peace "
"whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me—put it into practice  and the god of peace will be with you  ? nanny, you will be missed! love youuu smile "
another day of sledding  smile 
"hoby - <propmale> o'brian youth leadership changed my life  i've learned to love the life i have been given, that its okay to be different, & always take risks  thank you for saving my life love  only 101 more days!     hoby social media splash days"
cradles to crayons tomorrow with some lovely girls!
nothings better then pumpkin pie & spending time with family  love 
what an outstanding week  smile  reading some pretty little liars  love 
"a cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength "
research paper? -_-
delaware tomorrow with mommmy  smile 
looking up family history! sooo cool!
<propfirst> poppins!
"and there was never any place\for someone like me to be totally happy\i'm runnin' out of clock and that ain't a shock"
graduation needs to come sooner 
