191935ea5478a431278070a758a64658
is pretty much living an amazing life  smile 
"will be gone the next three weeks in haiti and out west, so i will see everyone on july 4th  smile "
home  smile 
was pleasantly surprised this morning   
has been extremely lazy the past couple of days!
just ran 7 2 miles   heck yes!
wow!
pretty much loves her section  smile 
<propfemale> and i made all state choir!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can you tell i am excited!?!?!?!
had a very successful trip!!!
"is freaking out for college, what else is new?"
"good luck at state <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and of course <propfirst>!!!!! you will all be amazing!!!!  smile "
last night was absolutely amazing!! i am so glad i am friends with you girls!!!  smile 
"oh golly, i'm actually getting college applications done, who knew this would come!?!?!"
"so next week is only a 2 day week!!!!! i know that i may be jumping the gun a bit, but i am just so excited!!!!"
come to the play tonight at 7 and saturday at 3 and 7! and please pray for me i'm hoping for a really good scholarship!
tgif! kind of     smile 
has a lot to be thankful for  smile 
i am having an awesome night with the most wonderful friends anyone could have!!!!! happy new years everyone!! (oh and by the way <propfemale> is the bestest friend in the world!!!)
"honestly, probably one of the best nights of the entire year  smile  i love my friends  smile  <propfemale> wolters <propfemale> hogenkamp <propfirst> langenkamp <propfemale> homan <propfirst> obringer and of course ridiculous phone calls that are taken oh so well by <propmale> schroeder   smile  epicness! 2011, here i come  smile "
anyone have inception that i could borrow for tomorrow after coffee house?!
this is funny  smile 
nervous!!!!!!!!!!
"will be home saturday night, hopefully    "
"just drove 1,150 <propmale> in two days, yes, ridiculous!!!"
"busy, busy, busy   scholarships are not fun to do when you know there are so many smarter people and better writers in your grade, what's the point? oh yeah, keep the parents happy and at least try    "
really can't wait for the cd to come!!
recieved her all-state choir cd today!!!! its amazing!!!  smile 
"spent her night with <propfemale> and <propfemale>, great night!"
had a wonderful saturday night! and sunday morning     smile 
loves getting cancelled because of fog and then being a senior so you don't have to make it up  smile   smile 
is just plain happy  smile 
"really likes those days that you just want to smile constantly, even when people are driving you bonkers!  smile "
"can't believe her net interview is friday and that she is packing for it now!!!! now is the time for nervousness, but even more, the excitement!!!!!!!"
"is home!  smile  5 hour drive, but honestly it felt short  smile  time flies when you're having fun? i guess so!"
"knows that it is out of my control  i trust you, i do!"
is so happy that her brother and sister are going to be in ohio!  smile  congratulations <propfirst>!  smile 
"loves being happy, even when it's confusing  smile "
wants these next three weeks to fly by!!!! please!?!
"is wow, really, really tired, but a good tired! good job on the musical tonight everyone! please come watch us tomorrow at 2 or 7!!!!  smile "
"is weird, and is okay with that  smile "
"only the people that matter can hurt you, and that is so bittersweet   "
"has one day left of high school, that's a weird exciting thought  smile  then i just have to get through a couple of months and it will be time for new  smile   smile "
is so excited because its summer!!!
"loves those people that just make you love life and thank god for all of his beautiful blessings  smile  thank you so much for the party tonight, it was perfect, i can't imagine anything better  smile "
is completely done with thank you cards!  smile  so now it is time to pack and then leaving for panama!!!  smile 
youth group tomorrow is at my house! it starts at the regular 7 smile 0 time and we are watching avatar!
"had way too much fun teasing <propfemale> relentlessly, i'm sorry dear, you know we love you!!  smile "
is so excited for this weekend! and i just ate wonderful taco <propfemale> and made some very delicious cookies  smile  i am just one very happy person!  smile   smile 
is on her way back from hocking hills and it has been a blast! now home for wedding and back up tomorrow!!  smile 
29 hours until mo  smile   smile 
13 hours until we're off to missouri  smile 
wow   i never thought that i would enjoy the retreat as much as i  did! god is a pretty cool guy  smile 
"light the fire, in my weary soul, fan the flame, make my spirit whole, lord you know, where i am, light the fire in my heart again  smile   smile   smile   smile "
"indescribable, uncontainable, you placed the stars in the sky and you know them by name  you are amazing god!"
"is a frog and likes flies  smile  thank you mister tinker, you are an awesome clown!  smile "
"man oh man, i  am so tired and it isn't even eight o'clock, time for a good book and then sleep  smile "
is leaving for vacation tonight and is going to have a wonderful time at rice lake hopefully!  smile  then it is one week of packing and last minute things and college in 2 weeks!!!!!!  sad   smile 
"loves campfires, and everything that comes with them  smile   smile   smile "
3 days   
hates scams!! don't waste my time!!!!
at ud  smile 
thinks college really isn't too awful  smile 
7 days! i absolutely can't wait!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
6 days!!!!!!!!  smile 
is so ridiculously excited for 5 days from now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
today's been good and this week it is going to get better!  smile  4 days!
2 5 days!! i am really starting to like college!  smile 
loves fall! what a beautiful day to be comfortable in jeans and a t-shirt or sweatshirt!  smile   smile 
"\god has assigned as a duty to every man the dignity of every woman\"" -jpii\",191935ea5478a431278070a758a64658,had a wonderful weekend! too bad it is over and now it is another whole month     sad 
should be reading philosophy     sad  oh well!  smile 
thinks psychology is great! she is teaching us to trick our future children to eat more vegetables and less dessert  oh this is great! haha!
loves pod  smile 
"loves everything right now, i am so glad that god doesn't pay attention to my plans and makes things happen the right way  smile   smile "
"just two weeks, just two weeks, just two weeks   "
had so much fun last night!!! thanks to all of you that convinced me to go!!!  smile   smile 
blue man group was absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile  thanks mom!  smile 
has a full day of singing and homework     sad  but if i get it done now then fall break will be that much better!  smile 
3 days 3 days 3 days     and then a much needed break  smile 
"wow, i actually know how to fix my english paper and it might turn out well! i am so ecstatic right now!  smile "
happy 6 month anniversary <propmale> kaiser! i love you!  smile  and i can't wait to see what god has in store for us!  smile   smile   smile 
"dear god,\we were wondering what kind of cookies is it best to bribe you with?\love,\<propfemale>, <propmale> fullenkamp, <propfemale> hogenkamp, <propmale> kaiser \\p s  thanks for awesome people and crazy campfires  i got a bag of grapes and a stuffed chimney log as presents, how much better can it get?  smile "
was just informed that tomorrow it is supposed to be 87 degrees and in panama city it is supposed to be 85  sad day  sad 
wonders why i even care anymore   
is going to indianapolis with pod!  smile   smile 
"really hates this long distance thing    but, you know what? you're worth it  smile  i really think you're worth it!  smile "
is just happy  smile 
"it's love my sisters week  if you have sisters who have made you laugh,wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble,cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are friendsforever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister  i love you <propfemale> wellman, <propfemale> wellman, and <propfemale> wellman!!  you are all awesome!"
loves church! and i love when it feels like god made the mass totally specifically for you  smile 
just needs to get through 13 more classes of english and then i'm done forever!! (except for speaking it   )  smile 
"is at the library \working\"" on stuff  i say \""working\"" because obviously i'm on facebook  oh golly!"""
is excited for the weekend!  smile  it is going to be a busy fun one!  smile 
hates everything   
is bleh   
is excited for the pep band game!  smile 
is happily swearing off boys for a little while  smile  god's got my heart and he's going to hold it for me until that right man comes for it  smile 
"can't wait for christmas break! i know that it is a long ways away, but how great will a month without homework be?!?!  smile "
"has had one of the best, most awesome, and definitely the most ridiculous weekend here so far! i love it!  smile "
is kind of excited for everything  smile 
loves nights like these  smile 
thanks to all the veterans!!
"passed func keyboard 1 final, one less class on tuesdays and thursdays for the rest of this semester!!! yes!!  smile  today is a good day!  smile "
"yup, life's pretty epic  smile  and i like <propfemale> wars, thanks <propmale> schroeder and <propmale> d'alessandro"
"to-do list a mile long, but i'm still smiling, epicness  smile "
"had an awesome night last night! going to see an epic beatles concert the courtesy of a nice couple  two awesome guys stepping back to let us have the tickets, a piccolo trumpet solo, the singing was wonderful and the whole concert just being amazing! seeing mrs  hoops and coldwater winning in football was great too! then watching the prestige and finishing off the night happy as can be, yup, great weekend!  smile "
"here comes the sun, doo da doo da, here comes the sun, and i say, it's alright     smile  love this song!"
"loves being home and seeing everyone, but why do professors have to ruin it with homework?"
"had a good birthday, thanks guys  smile "
is not too bad at cutting hair  smile 
is really confused  i think that i should just stop thinking 
"has had one heck of a day, just happy that it ended much better than it started  smile "
"used to be defined in one way with every decision being guided by that one belief and now that it is altered, i don't know who i am or what i stand for  i guess i'll have to figure it out  this must be what college is "
"is having an epic day  smile  and i'm being productive, what are the odds?"
happy st  <propmale> day!!  smile 
happy 22nd birthday to my  beautiful sister <propfemale> wellman !!!  smile 
"just rearranged the room epically and now watching indiana jones, awesome night!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile "
"29- well, you are one of my favorite people that i have met here  i am seriously upset that you are not going to be around for the next 3 1 2 years  sad  you are such a nice guy, of which there is a serious lacking, and you are a great friend  i love joking around with you and teasing ________ with you! i will come visit you sometime next semester and you better get your butt down here as well!  smile "
"88- i don't know you very well, but you seem like a pretty good person  we got into it over my cousin, but that is water under the bridge  i hope to see you around more this coming summer  smile "
2- i just met you this year and you are pretty cool guy  smile  you are a good leader and a lot of fun to be around  i always enjoy my weekends out with you and you are obnoxiously loud on baritone and i respect that  wink  you will be an awesome teacher that the kids will love and learn from  smile  good luck on finals this week!  smile 
is it friday yet?!
"didn't fail theory, did well on sight singing and juries weren't too shabby  smile  then i got two epic movies and a game for break, great day!!!  smile "
coffeehouse was amazing! i'm so proud of everyone!! now its time to drive back to ud   
i am officially done with exams!!  smile  now pep band camp and then home for christmas!!!  smile 
"today is going to be a great day, only 5 hours of pep band  smile "
it is time to go home 
"home, the perfect place to be  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile "
"four eyed fish can look at what is above the water and what is below it, i love the aquarium  smile "
an honest answer is the sign of true friendship  proverbs 24:26
i really don't like ordering books   
wonderful morning! (all of it from midnight to noon  smile )
"i'm not jealous of all of you having to start school tomorrow, but now coldwater is going to be so lonely! i miss you girlies! <propfirst> langenkamp <propfemale> wolters <propfemale> homan <propfirst> obringer  and the guys  smile  <propmale> wellman and <propfirst> wellman"
is happy with the way today went  smile 
all unpacked and ready to take on another semester!  smile 
first day of classes! i'm so glad we start on a tuesday!  smile 
d-day  i can't wait for 2 o'clock to be here 
i don't know whether to be excited or nervous that this week of school is only 2 days long for me   
off on chorale mini-tour!!  smile 
"so, mini-tour is on hold because of snow and school cancellations    spending the day at the hotel??"
omea at 6 smile 0 and then back to ud tonight!!  smile 
"finally back at ud and it feels so good! now just one short day of classes, playing a little bit of catch up, then enjoying the rest of what should be a wonderful weekend  smile "
singing at mass was a perfect ending to a pretty perfect day  smile 
such a productive morning for not having school  smile 
\our god is greater, our god is stronger\191935ea5478a431278070a758a64658,this was a pretty perfect weekend  smile 
today is going to be a good day  smile 
theory time   
this week needs to be over  now 
"i needed tonight, now if only i can keep it going   "
"perfect <propfirst>'s day gift from my wonderful boyfriend!  smile  getting serenaded was pretty awesome, and i just have to point out that it was by singers and not saxaphones, so thanks <propmale> schroeder  smile "
two insane weeks in a row=not acceptable  i can't wait for the weekend and <propfemale> hogenkamp!
you guys are awesome and we have great conversations <propfirst> trifiletti and <propmale> <propmale> sas!  smile 
the only word to describe this day is gross 
"dear mother nature,\i am extremely upset with you right now  please don't make my already hard weekend unbearable  don't drop 10 inches of snow on <propmale> and prevent me from seeing my wonderful family \with no love,\<propfemale>"
trust and faith are going to be my best friends this weekend 
"off to doylestown, ohio to see <propfirst> and <propfemale>  smile  picking <propfemale> up on the way and hopefully it will be a good day!  smile "
"hiking along a canal with a beagle and chocolate  yup, that sounds like a good typical day as a part of the wellman family  smile "
that was the worst test i have ever taken  if it was math instead of theory land it was a blank piece of paper with 2+2=5  prove it  i think i'll take that drop add form now dr  magnuson 
"music theory listening log, you have been conquered!  smile "
being home always makes things seem a little brighter than they were before 
see you after easter facebook! if you need me just email me or text me  smile 
