bac2f2205b1a2fb75d3f4d08a6f318c1
why must this be so hard?!!! lol
i'm really frustrated becuase i'm trying to learn the first movment of moonlight sonota on piano  it has five <propfemale>s and i've only learned one <propfemale> in the past week 
"(note i've never really played the piano, but i do have an up i can read sheet music to an extent  i have a problem with base cleff)"
i love and miss you all 
congrats to me! i've learned moonlight sonata first movment on the piano 
can't wait for animazment  looking for roomies now 
confuzed
i'm bored and no one wants to play with me! what's up with that?
sad cuz i couldn't go to the bomb dump with <propmale> today 
"off to school i go  my brother has left for the summer, so now i'm not quite sure what to do in my free time  one, it kinda sucks playing by urself  two, he took all the xbox games, so i have no games of my own here to play  three, i want to play with my brother "
at school and feeling down  my laptop was suppose to be in monday and it's still not here so i'm pretty upset  grrrrrrrrrr  love you all and miss you lots 
wishing my daddy was home already 
"depressed and putting of two reply emails that i know i sould write  i don't want to becuase it will make me even more depressed  heh, life continues on, i guess  *heavy sigh*"
"my divorce with <propfirst> has been compleated  divorce is a sad thing but yaaaay  celebrating freedom isn't all that bad, lol "
omg i'm going to see eclips in 1 hour i cant wait  lol
somebody loves me!!! right????
"<propfirst> i miss you!!!!!\wish i had someone here to help me plan this wedding!!! \oh by the way everybody, the date is set to june 11th 2011  if you wanna come, i need addresses to send out invites!!!!!"
depression is a pill best swallowed then to be chewed on making it's effects linger longer in your mouth 
today is a day of renewal  of a library book that is 
omg!!! omg!!! <propfirst> finally emailed me back and i'm so extatic!!!!
"i had a lovely day today  to most i think it would have been an horrid day  anyways, i went to deliver a laptop i had fixed and my radiator blew up  it had this big hole in the side of it  so i rode my broken car to the closest auto parts store, bought a new radiator and replaced it myself  yes i, <propfemale>, replaced it myself  i had fun doing it too  the people around me thought i was crazy, but i did it   laugh   laugh "
i'm getting so tired of waiting for an email from that man  it's driving me crazy  lately i've just been getting so mad that i can't talk to him  uuuuggggghhh  i want him home already  i hate that there's virtually no communication between us  omg! i hate it  i hate it  i hate it 
everybody listen up  my phone isn't working right now  if you need me message me here!!
why! why does a good anime always have to end so badly??!!!!!
wishing <propfirst> would contact me someway somehow  i really need to talk to him!!
yay my phone is back on 
"yay,  i found a place to stay  i still haven't heard from <propfirst>  it's been 17 days since i've heard from him  what's going on?"
"had an absolutely lovely night on the town with the girls, awesome "
wishing i could get in contact with <propfirst>  it's been nearly 3 weeks now  what's going on out there  i want to talk to him  i think we are at the half way point till he comes home  hope that's right  *sigh*
omg omg omg omg omg omg <propfirst> finally called me!!!! i miss him sooooo much 
i feel so much better  thankyou god for such a wonderful day 
i lost the game 
i lost the game!
i can't go to sleep  frustrated out of my mind  uuugghhh    screw 
grrrr     can't sleep!
"what am i suppose to do with myself this early in the morning? i still need to go to school today to,"
nighty night *sigh*
up and working on getting so school i guess  dang this sucks  i'm so freakin' tired 
"can't go till 1  gotta tutor for two hours  this is ok, but i'm soooooooo tired "
"halloween was fun  as long as everyone had fun, i'm happy  didn't get to go trick-o-treating  that was really sad, but i didn't want to be vulnerable looking trick-o-treating by myself  that's just asking to be abducted  life goes on  maybe next year "
"yay, finally home  did some cleaning before i finally stat down to the computer  i feel lots better  i know i should feel sleepy but i don't  i guess that should be good for tonight so i don't screw up what little sleep schedule i have "
noooo    i fell asleep 
mmmm    that was yummy 
maybe
"i, for some unknow reason, feel unloved today  maybe it's the sharp pain of the knife you're sticking in my back "
i'm hungry  what should i eat  i donno lets go and see 
when will i finally feel at home again 
i'm sooooooooooooo upset!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grrr     the soco is calling  i drink i will have  maybe more 
mew mew mew mew
i got an awesome new phone  its pretty sweet 
