b2c485584e389d96652c0e7531d16fea
is finally home
is learnin 2 flirt  lol 
"is hanging wit mah witch sistah! lolz  jus got back 4rm hell tx  also nown as beaumont  lolz  visiting the rentz, brought an asshole named vigil back with me  aka my baby bro  still annoying as ever! lolz "
listenin 2 good charolotte  miffed about skool startin on mon  uggh!
woke up way 2 early 
"been watchin spongebob, lol  it always makes me lol "
just got back 4rm shopping  woo-hooo tax-free weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh my various gods (lmao) i bought the new <propfemale> <propfemale> purfume; i'll be wearing it 2mrw (sew eff ewe go 2 mah skool take a big wifff! {lmao}) god i'm suuuuuuuuuuuuuperrrrrrrrrrrrrr hyperrrrrrrrrrrr! lmao 
"whatz up all fb pallz? it's the first day and the first school year up-date  i got a little extra time so i thought i'd give a shout out to all my guyz and chikitas  if you wish to look for me to say 'hi' i'll b wearing a \pop-art\"" print \""rolling stones\"" t and my ever-present blue denim jeans  see y'all n skool  peace love & really cute shoes   -killer kwean p s  live laugh love """
"great day! if n-1 wants 2 dish on teachers, let me no  lol!"
has no clue what 2 write  lol 
"hey, good day  made 2 new buddies in gym  and my 5 period teacher is cool and hot!"
i am but a lowely chicken  cluck-cluck poof!
j'ai <propfemale> chat dans the gorge! (send a message if you want to know the english translation of this phrase)
omg!  i finally got a laptop! fux yeah!
i just got back from <propfirst> urban's rodeo concert! it was totally awesome!!!
i just ate a pint of ice cream in 3 or 4 minutes! wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee!  smile )))))))
"i would like to clear things up for everyone my true love is <propfirst> sowell and <propmale> is just my friend, i love all my friends but i'm in love with <propfirst>!"
cleaning my room  uggh!
in the midst of re-reading the <propmale> potter series  on book 5  lovin' every word of it!
"just finnished babysitting my little cousin lars  he was being a twerp, but he listened better than any of the other kids that i've sat for "
"just a random thought: south park: bigger longer & uncut, the title got me to thinking: bigger longer & uncut: isn't that a well <propmale> guy without a circumsision? lol"
i'm going to college!
hey 'stay puft' dude!  wink 
i dumped <propfirst>! i am sick and tired of guys treating me like a doormat! he cheated and e playful ected me 2 forgive him! he fucked another girl! i will not be used! and he found that out! he is dead to me! he can rot in hell for all i care!
this morning my mother died  she died because of her addictions  please read my note  rip momma
please people read my note! this is perhaps the most important thing you will ever read! it could save your life!
check out my new blog at: http annoyed  carlettemartin wordpress com 
everyone is having fun but me! i'm having to write my 38 38 year old mothers obituary!
"went to my first college clas today   smile  met soem really nice people  might not be going to my next class, tomorow, for long, if at all, might skip to get to my mother's veiwing early "
lotz of reading 2 do 4 class
"what do you get when you get an opinionated pagan, a smug athiest and 2 christians?\a fuxing interesting class!"
watching as told by <propfemale> on line! awesome! i missed that show   laugh 
rephrase: watchig as told by <propfemale> online and keeping a close eye on the game  goooo giants!
bordom 4ever! lolness 
"if you think that my wierdness is une playful lainable, consider the music i was rocked to as a baby \1  nine inch nails (i think the album was pretty hate machine)\2  for years the \lulaby\"" that my dad would sing to me was <propmale> raccoon by the beatles  \",b2c485584e389d96652c0e7531d16fea,redbull
i don't want any one to ever say that wrighting something you believe in is easy  it's so very difficult to get everything you want to say to make sense 
"death does come in threes \rip: <propfemale> carlette heck-martin, <propfemale> keeney, and <propfemale> heck "
my english professor is totally unreliable!
"i'd like to ask everyone to do me a favor and look up a christmas song online that you never hear on the radio it's \the angel and the little blue bell\""  it is by far the greatest christmas song """
"yesterday was my 1st day back in class, here's how it went: 1  history-same teacher that i loved b4  seems 2 b a small class  is going to b a good semester there  2  math-i can already tell this professor and i r going 2 have problems  main reason i didn't get to meet her, she didn't show up for my class  > sad  3  english-my proffessor seems nice, and she is very strict about in and out of class work "
who elses misses <propmale> nye the science guy? lol
happy valentines day all!
am i the only person in the world who is ignored by all of her friends   sad 
106 prealgebra problems finally complete!
i just finnished writing a book!
i find myself watchning the clock for 2 o'clock  i've got my 1st prealgebra test today   i'm nervous!!!!
"life is such a fickle faire, you think you have all the milk bottles in the perfect pyramid then life throws the base ball and knocks them all down again "
"my grandma is watching todlers and tiaras, and as i watch along side her, ive no other choice, i see that the world is doomed  mothers willingly put makeup and hair on their daughters that make them look like las vegas hookers "
i finnally understand math!!!!!!
hey ya'll check out my blog thecuriouscaseofcarlettemartin wordpress com i'd love to get some followers   smile 
i just realised something   i want a hedgehog!!!!
actually have someone 2 talk 2 n pre-algebra! awesomeness!!!
pineapple
can't wait 4 8 o'clock  it's tripple d (diners drive-ins and dives) night  i love guy fieri! lol 
i lurv bizzare foods! lol  itz and awesome show 
listening 2 classic kid rock is awesome!!!!
watching invader zim rawkz!!!!!!! lmao 
i love fanfic!!!
watching castle  it rawks!!! i love <propfirst>!!! lol 
heard that <propfemale> stwert will be playing wonder woman an upcoming movie   the world is doomed   
oreo funstix rawk!!!
watching miami animal police   somethings r just heartbreaking
cookin dinner   smile  yummyness!!!
<propfemale> can b a real brat  it was time 4 her to get up out of my room   so that means it was that time 4 me 2  uggh!!!
"hello, my name is inigo montoya  you killed my father, prepare to die "
yesterday was horrific  i didn't want to do anything   i was snippy with my friends   i belittled myself and the fact that i'm alive and she isn't   it's horrible   i need a hug   
making grasshopper pie for my dad's b-day 
epic cookies are epic
so is cookie monster
watching jersey shore just to torture my lil bro  awesome!!!
i hate my brother sometimez 
"hate tv shows like biggest loser, too fat for 15, ruby    some of us like our fat bodys!!!"
watching hardcore pawn on trutv  trutv is my addiction!
went shopping after school last night  got 2 new outfits  awesome!
like operation repo on facebook! new online fan only episode! help me see it! lol  come on!
house is amazing  i lurv the show 
"awesome night out with the gay, lesbian, transgender association from school  went 2 buffalo wild wings   smile "
