bb39bf9a34e8c3b09d273d496141b3c1
sitting around naked with two guys and two smokin hotties at somebody elses house  and one of the chicks is cooking   mans dream come true
hey this is 1 of the nude chcks lol  i made the scrambled eggs which would b better if we has pepper  just sayin lol
sitting around naked with two guys and a couple of smokin hotties and just had a cop scare cuz all the windows are uncovered  surprise 
"i thought i was cool, too bad i'm just a fool  playful "
doesn't have anything to say but wanted to update his status!!
"hey everyone who reads this should become a fan of me and <propfirst> frisk!! we just mad a new <propfemale> under <propmale> and <propfirst>, if you search that and then modify your search to <propfemale>s you'll see a pic in negative "
damn facebook glitches
"hangin with <propfirst> and <propmale> and soon <propmale> listening to some soft, sensitive, emotional acoustic indie artists    or maybe heavy shit"
college is coming but packing and trying to figure out finacial aid is distracting me from being excited
birthday graduation going-away party fire tonite at <propmale> loadahls!!! call (60 smile  633-4985 for directions!!
i love college!
everyone check out <propmale> and <propfirst>'s update!! also available as a note on <propfirst> <propfemale>'s homepage for those of you who don't read updates
4 hours of saxophone a day is gonna kill me   
overhearing this girl i thought was a bitch from down the hall fighting with her boyfriend makes me realize i was judging without knowing  laaaaaame
played a shock game with my ra and got zapped with some electricity    nice
dilly-dally shilly-shally all sounds like the same word when you say it in a different language
"yeah, so this paper is gonna have to be late    not a good start to history this semester, but in my defense, no one told me 'global history' actually meant 'global history, this semester themed sad hildhood'  i mean, how gay is that?"
going to bed    marching in the morning
is blowing pretty hard on sumthing n my mouth    hmm the sound of sex it makes
"fuck my roommate, fucking with my status on facebook when i leave myself logged on on accident    brw, facebook is really hard to log in to drunk"
"test today, time to cram"
"was practicing my blowing skills so next time, i dnt get yelled at   my mouth is always so tired from suckin it all the time   "
i hate my roommate
"haha, i suck at poker"
is sucking another <propfemale>'s cock   i love when his fiery red crotch is in my face as i'm choking down his gravy 
shouldn't leave my facebook logged on when i leave   
changed my pic for sock assassains    ain't no one stalking me up for the win
just woke up
can't remember last night or why his anus hurts so much  
spent waaaay too much time on poker but finally won a tournament
"pregamin'    shot shot, shotshotshot   "
is on his 3rd time tuggin the turkey 2day!! gonna make it 6 times by the end of the day
it's heroes time!!!
facebook glitches    ugh
i waste my entire day on a stupid video game and my friend steals the kill at the very end   
la crosse cops have gained statewide (and some say national) notice by creating fake college-aged facebook pages and adding students as friends   they've already written out 5 underage tickets
"i wish someone hadn't stolen my gloves, the snow looks awesome"
"gettin ready for my first final, recital in an hour and a half"
"how come all of my friends are putting pokemon pics as their profile?  i'mma have to join in, i guess, cuz i'm a complete follower"
"new iron man trailer pretty good, <propfirst> <propfemale> is making a sequel to his parkour movie?! wtf?! how did i not know that?!"
perfect   this is exactly where i wanted to happen   i'm so glad   fuck!
oddly surprised that there aren't more people on at 2 smile 0 in the morning on a weeknight
new friends every day! i fucking love lax!!!
craving ska really bad this morning    is there such thing as ska withdrawal symptoms?  cuz i have them
"me and mr  <propmale> on the ride home    we had a, heart-to-heart about life   but neither him nor me could decide for ourselves if we wanted to outlive that night   "
waste way too much of my life on facebook applications
i love men soooo much
"lost my phone charger somewhere in lax, won't be able to text for a while"
"gonna work for cade's dad for a couple hours, ugh wish i was still sleeping"
i found money now i need to put it on my phone!!!! i felt that yelling was best to convey my excitement on the matter
i wanna go do something!!! someone get ahold of me   
facebook finally got around to changing me over to the new format    i was hoping they'd forget about me   
check out my <propfemale> organization's new myspace!! www myspace com themakeahappyfoundation
i have all these plans of stuff that needs to get done    then i get on facebook
best  dream  ever!!
"surfing facebook while <propfirst>'s mom, nephew, and neice all take naps and <propfirst>'s at work    i'm a real winner"
guess i haven't been on in a while    lotta stuff built up
"i just spent a half-hour scrolling through someone's profile looking to see when they became single, got disgusted with myself, and quit   wasted half-hour"
"a picture's worth a thousand world, and i have 100 pictures now (mostly tagged)  that means i'm worth 100,000 on the current market   suck it!"
good news at last!
hitting the like button for everything i see on faceboooookkk hahaha
aaahh i need a new sleep schedule this one is just not working out   i just woke up
listening to the whole scrubs soundtrack online and lovin it!  yeah you can go ahead and call me gay if you want   
"interesting hour-long debate on how people with similar moral beliefs would rather conform with other beliefs they might not have just to be part of a larger group than find their own way alone    didn't reach an agreement, agreed to disagree   best kind of debate in my opinion   holy crap long status, sorry"
can i can it just keeping up instead of facebook-stalking if i'm only doing it to my cousins?
"how does she know that you really, really, truly love her? gah, can't get that song out of my head!"
guess who has two thumbs and has to walk to work in the rain? this guy!
if home is where the heart is then my home is where you are
"also, fuck!"
"i heard there was a secret chord that <propfirst> played to please the lord, but you don't really care for music, do you   ?"
kept going back to sleep because i was having awesome dreams and it's 1 smile 0 before i actually wake up
"i smoked until i threw up but i still lit 'em up for thirty more years, like a machine   "
"come with me, and you'll be    in a woorld of complete imagination   "
"at times, the agents of euphoria, now the scourge of humanity   "
"it's always entertaining the next morning, but i think i'd be happier if i just stopped facebooking while inebriated"
aaaarghmmaflkfdiljk
"catch a biber by the toe, if he hollers    kill him  lmao i love my cousins"
"uploaded pictures, but two of them are only showing up in my news feed instead of my pictures    fuck"
"maybe the best we can do is sit and watch it all come unglued, no one really knows why we're here anyway"
i wish i was gay  chatroulette would be so much more fun
i love random arguments on group wall posts   especially when they last for an hour and you team up with the only other intelligent person on the board
marvelpictureweek!!!
vaccuuming a flooded basement=awesome   not  annoyed 
my mind is on ipod shuffle right now!!!
"someone shouted \everything's for nothing\"" \",bb39bf9a34e8c3b09d273d496141b3c1,"you can't reclaim memories, they're already gone"
i'm sick of hearing about your problems i've got quite enough of my own thank you
rumors rumors things make me so sad sometimes
why aren't more people awake between 1 and 5 in the morning   ?
taaalk to me please i'm bored
"staying up late talking to friends, old and new  priceless"
everyone should check out the <propmale> boland & <propfirst> frisk fan <propfemale>!!
"homeless shelter tomorrow    nervous but no other choice  annoyed  bye sparta, can't say it was that great but i'll miss you"
"when i grow up, i wanna go to college!!!"
fuck!
facebookho is way more fun on an ipad tan a computer! smile 
you know you're a band geek when you're listening to a 10-minute saxaphone solo and find yourself analyzing chord structure and recognizing fragments from other famous solos   
anyone want to proofread my appeal to the <propfirst>'s office?
i got accepted    to reapply  good news but still more time before i'll know
why would a college accept every credit debit card type except visa? so much for paying shit online!
i'm fed up with people who use anything as an excuse to argue about god    from either side 
38 girls and 13 guys wished me a happy birthday on facebook    does that make me a manwhore? or just awesome?
hungover as fuck  but that's what happens when you drink with <propfirst> moore
slept in late so i called in sick to work    now i'm sick  accidental truth ftw?
i would like you all to know i am surfing facebook on my own computer with stolen internets!!  smile 
i set my phone on top of the car and drove away    lost all my <propfirst> and need to buy a new phone  sad 
that which e playful lains everything e playful lains nothing
just wrote a song with <propfirst> moore and it's epic!! fiac ftw!!!!
planning a vision quest with <propmale> korte  smile 
"i got my driver's liscense!!! also, who skypes? cuz i have one now and i want to add you all!!!"
"sooo glad <propfemale> gomez didn't take any pictures of us at freakfest, it's not like it was awesome and she had a camera and promised to take pictures or anything   "
nanowrimo
hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy reminds me not to forget my towel
"broke as a bad joke until friday, but startin my new job tomorrow!!"
got good news back from the college  smile  now just gotta get my student loans back!
facebook makes me sad today
i'm friends with some fucking weird people  smile 
i want to be in a band and play some shows again
i want to sleep for the rest of my life and dream instead of live
deleted my twitter and i feel like more of a man
i remember when all my status updates were retarded teen drama  then my mom got a job
left my phone somewhere at work or in a car or on a bus   
i spent all morning on youtube and i've concluded that i really want to be in a flash mob!!
streetlight manifesto  february 17th  milwaukee  just sayin   
"i either need to stop caring or stop doing shit i regret, all this <propfirst> kerrying isn't working out for me"
is it cooler to be cool or to have been cool before being cool was cool?
happy thanksgiving and shit
feb18thstreetlightmanifestominneapoliswearegoinganditsgonnabecrazyitsthe18thinminneapolisandweareallgonnabefuckingawesomewhythefuckisn'titthe18thoffebruaryrightthefucknow?
let's play a game; how many brain cells did i kill last night?
"oh momma i'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law, hangman is comin down from the gallows and i don't have very long   "
"at times like this, music is all that makes sense anymore"
"nothing will ever be what it was, because everything is always changing into what it will be "
when i play poker i feel most american: if i win a big pot on one hand suddenly all i want is for the <propmale> to get <propmale>er and the poor to get poorer
"what if at the end of year five the gang crashed a party at draco's place and <propmale> and hermione (drunk out of their minds) hooked up, and hermione wound up preggers? <propmale> would need to quit fighting voldy to get a job to raise his family, and <propmale> would become the hero  wouldn't more realism make the <propmale> potter series awesome?"
if there was just one attractive girl in this building who smoked i would be very happy
what's going on with the <propfirst> in your status thing?
drinking with my cousins  smile )))
"oh oh oh , im fallin in love, til the sun comes u, til the sun comes up"
"is coming out!!!!!!!! yes, im gay"
i've helped push so many cars out of the same exact spots today it's ridiculous
i feel like the apocalypse has begun!
my entertainment for the day has been and will continue to be watching the parking lot from my window  smile 
whenever i go outside i can't stop smiling  smile 
i have <propmale> on demand at my apartment!!
i'm going to post drama from my personal life as a publicly viewed status so i can get more attention! comment that you feel bad for me so i can feel more fulfilled about my shitty life!
"dear roommate,\i know you thought you were being sneaky running into the bathroom after your girlfriend,\but i can hear your showersex"
"to continue with my recent barrage of status updates i leave you with this before i go to bed: \eschew the monumental  shun the epic  all those who create great big pictures could create more incredible small ones \"" --<propmale> hemingway"""
"dear roommate,\the walls between our rooms are not that thick\for christ's sake, at least turn on some music or the tv!\love, <propmale>"
just got my first tattoo  smile 
"just met my roommate on his way out for the next three weeks, and 'm pretty sure my other roommate's gone for at least the christmas weekend    party?"
obscure refrence no one will get: i am govinda when i should be striving to be siddhartha
"christmas is overrated  bah, humbug!"
"checking account closed due to 'continuous overdraft position ' oops, check one more hit to my nonexistant credit score"
first band practice at the new apartment  with <propfirst> moore  smile 
"dear roommate,\i went into the bathroom tonight without turning on the light and put my hand in your piss when i went to lift the lid  it's bad enough that your mother never taught you how to flush when you were potty-trained, but pissing all over the seat? it not that hard to lift the damn seat! come on, i thought you had to be at least 18 to sign a lease   \love, <propmale>"
it's the little things that make my night  smile 
i once again have internet  smile 
owning an apartment has taught me the value of industrial-strength poisons
"when i am, death is not  when death is, i am not  so why fear what i cannot be?"
"dear roommate,\it had been too long since i'd heard your sex, i should've known my luck would run out soon \and i know the sex is keeping your room warm but realize i am alone and waking with numb toes is really starting to piss me off \i turn the heat on for a reason\love, <propmale>"
"why is fucking everybody watching jersey shore! you do realize that show kills more brain cells than heavy drinking, right?"
"being sick sucks  on the plus side, skrillex is my new obsession   "
my conscience says one thing and my penis says another    if only those fuckers could learn to agree!!
"why hello party at my house, where did you come from?"
does anyone who has a buzzer want to come cut my hair?
"if you think you're free, escape is impossible"
can i truthfully state everything i say is a lie?
if i kill time will i be immortal?
"i know everyone here acts like they're in high school    but seriously, did someone just pull the fire alarm?"
it sucks when happy movies make me sad
i've edited my about me section  this makes me feel unneccessarily proud of myself
"i speak truth always, except when it's more convenient to lie"
i shaved my head  in the winter  what the fuck was i thinking?
can't decide if i want to buy stocks or play online poker  both make it easy to gamble away your money quickly
fellatio was <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s concrete
son of a bitch why is his head over there? it belongs on his neck!! someone should tell <propfirst> schmidt football is brutal   
believe those who are seeking truth  doubt those who find it 
cooking for the first-ever friendship potluck at <propfirst> moore 's
lesson of the night: quit while you're ahead  shit always gets fucked up
slc punk! = amazing!!
"soooo i guess i'm a <propfirst> now? i mean don't get me wrong, its way more manly than being a virgo     the question is, am i manly enough to be a <propfirst>?"
animal rights activists are so filled with hate for people claiming to be acting on love!
i love how facebook warns me when i go to poke someone that they 'will be informed on their homepage' as if that's not the point
i bought a fingernail-clipper because i coudln't find one in the apartment    so now i know there's one here somewhere and i still can't find it!!
i would play you guys in that game any day    but i'd need to be drinking punch  or absinthe <propmale> keitel
i suck at this whole quitting smoking thing
"dancer, dancer! keep your feet in time and inside the lines!"
i really want to excrete my fluids into you right
"spent a few hours on the escalation line    i may sound like a nerd, but work was fun today!"
dramadramadrama work is like high school
"\nirvana sucks\"" ----<propfemale> nowaczyk"""
every time my roommate goes out drinking he has some sort of incredible story to share the next morning
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in return"
really <propfirst> beck? i know more than you about the riots in egypt right now     that's pathetic 
"i just want a punk girl right now  if she's hot, that's a definite plus"
"dear roommate,\glad i came home in time to hear your girlfriend finish \it was hot"
did you know: tomorrow is my day off? you should be as excited as i am 
sometimes we have to lose who we were to find who we are 
just ordered my tickets for ship of fools!!!
"\i'm going to go embrace my inner bro and work on my physique    i'll bring my slampiece around later tonight so you can objectify her\"" --<propfirst> krell"""
"you're a locust! an empty, poisonous smile   "
"the word of the day is imbroglio: a complicated, confusing state of things"
"today's word of the day is risible: capable of or disposed to laugh, amusing, relating to or used in laughter (risible muscles)"
<propfemale> gomez is the best person in the whole wide wooooorld!!!!!
"\why the hell is this the cover picture for a spanish dictionary?\"" --me \""of course! it's a gato!!\"" --<propfirst> adams"""
"and i'll drink myself to death or at least, i'll drink myself to sleep"
"we're losing so many jobs because other countries have better education so they're smarter and more qualified than regular americans, yet every time the government is given a choice they cut funding from schools"
"today's word of the day is inveigle: to obtain, persuade, or entice by flattery or ingenuity"
"did you know: \rawr\"" means \""i love you with both of my hearts\"" in dinosaur?"""
i miss college
i love streetlight mani
drunk guitar  smile   smile   smile 
"while straightening the living room i picked up a box of oreos and a book, putting the book in the cupboard and the oreos on my bookshelf    upon realizing my mistake i went and traded the oreos for a bag of chips"
"you and i wake up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me?"
"went out for a walk and coffee with a girl tonight, made me feel ridiculously mature  smile "
everybody's druuuunk!
you've never really lived until you've done something for someone who can never repay you
twilight still exists? i forgot
jammin out to journey's greatest hits getting ready for work!
"\oh to be young and gay again   \"" --<propfirst> <propfirst>"""
the water <propmale>'s in my name now    i feel so grown up and responsible right now
so upon first watch 'exit through the gift shop' was not that great    upon reading the huge controversy it made and all the people who actually got worked up about it i think it was an amazing piece of work and my hat's off once again to bansky
self-reflection is depressing  re-hash it over and over and over again and fuck if you'll learn anything new
goddammit i hate breaking guitar strings!!
saying goodbye to facebook for forty days    if you need to get ahold of me text me or something
