8761cd5d28c6021a5fc7c8a92a283fd0
just wants to let you know   that falling in love with you was the best thing i  ever did     love 
if im such am amazing person y do i always get hurt
if u only knew that just hearing ur voice makes my eyes bleed tears of pain
i just want someone to care      that's it     its that simple but then again i never get what i want in life
i love how right when i wish i would hear from him    he texts me and my eyes light up!!!!
"\i was born to tell you i love you\"" c g w   love  a d w """
i just want to say that i'm soooooo glad that we had a good day today and that i love u with all my heart!! ur amazing and i hope u know that i love and caee about u bunches and bunches!!!
yeah so im a lil freaked out lol (i love u <propfemale>)
navy sailor at ur service
glad i found an amazing place 2 stay! im definitly blessed!
oh man moment! broken bottle of polish hit the hands of its neglector
im off 2 oklahoma 4 the weekend no cell phone service so i wnt get ur texts till sunday
i love u too!!!!  smile 
i miss u too
i never thought this would happen to me but im glad it did
im glad that u r in my life i love you bunches and bunches!!! ur amazing!!!
im looking forward to a christmas where i know i can relax and just be myself for once  where i dnt have to walk on egg shells!!!  laugh 
"\separate like the fingers of the hand\"" -invisible man- think about it its deep  smile """
when you love someone u have to be willing to give them everything and e playful ect nothing in return!!
ur the one thing i cant stand to loose    the inspiration for my smile     the warmth in my soul
i have had a totally amazing day!!!!!! im so excited and totally hyper!!!
"all those thoughts in my head, all those misconseptions, everything i thought i believed all changed the day i met you"
my mind is full of a roller coaster of thoughts      just hope everything will work out in the end
let us cast ourselves into a world of wonder and peace and find exactly who we want to be 
let us cast ourselves into a world of wonder and peace and find exactly who we want to be 
øwishes that life could go back to the days when the biggest decison was whether to jump on the trampoline or play in the dirt        life sure is a rolle
ør coaster we all just have to learn to hold on
i just want to say thank you to everyone and anyone who has ever been there for me!!!! i love you all!!!
"those who are weak, those who are thirsty come to the fountain and dip your heart into the stream of life"
totally a happy face moment  laugh  <propfemale> understands  smile 
i wonder will i ever break free from the shadows that consume me
tired of all the deception and games people play lets go back to the good old days why cant we just all be honest with people and show the respect we want and deserve
wants to crawl within herself and reclaim the essence of who she really is  wants to find the light that shines within her heart
pain strikes the heart with a disease   a disease that spreads throughout shattering all thoughts of hope all thoughts of happiness    why cant pain loose its path to me
is trying not to believe in something she knows will never happen      sigh      im so tired of this reocurring cycle of emotions
lets skip the reminising and drown ourselves in the good of the day   consume ourselves in anything that makes us smile   surround ourselves with happiness
"i wanna break the boundaries set infront of me\destroy the hatred that attempts to consume me \envoke the love that resides in me \all in hopes to become what i know i can\achieve the dreams i picture in my head"
"why is it that just one little message can destroy ur whole day \and its always from someone who could care less if they hurt you or not \\i really just need to work on seeing the hurt in people instead of their cruelness\to see the reason behind the action instead of just the action itself\\i need to learn to love with more compassion and respect without judgement\i need to become less selfish"
will someday find what she hopes for but until  then honestly im done trying
i wish people could just see whats infront of them and go after them   realise that if u think someone is amazing u might want to grab them b4 someone else does
just dance    def-an embarrassing blast of fun  laugh  thanks to the awesome donation    god def loves us all  laugh 
woke up in an amazing mood    can't wait to see what today offers  smile 
i had an awesome day and finally got my ribs  smile 
"you can't change your past, only your future!! so let today be the start of the rest of your life!!"
woke up in that today will be a great day attitude  smile 
had an awesome day  smile  thanks to a pretty awesome chick  smile 
¬hoping that in the end everything works out the way it should be    that life will stay as magical as it seems for once    that i can continue to wake up
¬ believing that today will be amazing  smile 
thanks for the amazing day  smile  (all my sisters at saving grace and a very awesome chick)  laugh 
"i tried to ignore it, let fade into the background; but honestly i couldnt now i wonder what is really meant to be"
hoping my plans fall into place    i really miss my besties  sad 
im so happy for you <propfemale>  laugh  u really are an amazing mommy  smile 
someone please text me and calm my fears
i just want to say that i am very thankful for the friends i have been given  smile  thank u to everyone who has been there 4 me and will continue to be  smile 
goodmorning world  smile  lets see how today goes  smile 
to all the girls at saving grace i wrote u all little notes and cant wait to give them to u  smile 
"you know the thing that really bugs me about things????\its that i always see in others what they cant see themselves      it drives me crazy to see what i know someone is deserving and capable of and watch them listen in disbelief of what i believe"
my mind is full of contemplations; what do i do; i turn to you
"i need you, like a needle needs a vain, like a lighthouse needs a coast        so thank u for being willing to be there for me  smile "
i made myself a promise today  smile  im very happy to see if i can keep it
i honestly dont think today could get any better; well it could if something else happened   
all things worth having require working hard for  smile 
"<propfirst> duke, watching a movie with a friend, and seeing someone awesome makes for an amazng day!!  laugh "
"k so i had an amazing day yesterday family,friends, and a pretty awesome chick      but i still have some stuff on my mind  smile "
i have one more thing to do for vday and then all thats left is patiently waiting for it to get here lol  playful 
i wish i didnt feel so poopy and that i could do something  sad 
i honestly have one question right now      why?
everyone who really cares will u please read my newiest note lost         and tell me what you think about it pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"why today, why now         please someone e playful lain this to me      i just need an escape right now      one phone call just ruined every ounce of happy inside of me         honestly just whats the point anymore"
hoping today is beautiful
today was amazing  laugh  jocee and <propfirst> rock  playful 
i had an awesome day yesterday       cant wait to see how this goes  smile 
so i'm excited about yesterday and how awesome valentines day will be!! can't wait to give jocee norton her presents!!!
im playing with nibbles  smile  she's chilling in my hood lol (pet rat)
"i woke up marrid to a pineapple, an ugly one!!"
happy valentines day!!! esp to this beautiful girl that i get to see today!!  laugh 
hopes everyone has an awesome vday!!! and to all my friends and family i love you to death!!!
to everyone i care about: thank you for being a part of my life and caring for me even when i am down or acting like a clown  playful  thank you for showing me that im worth something more than what i believe  laugh 
a singular thought circualtes my brain confusing what i want with what i need for myself    contemplation after contemplation when will this cycle releaseme?
"in beginning to see the strength that is within me  smile  i just hope that i can be the person that i want to be, reach the goals i have set to achieve, conquer the fears that still reside inside of me         only time can tell what i will be and who will be blessed enough to share this knowledge with me"
its crazy to think back to the moments that are memorable to me and realise just how much they transfer into who i am today       
1  i love you <propfirst> burnett you are an awesome <propmale>  smile  2  my phone is messed up so i cant text anyone and 3  jocee <propfemale> norton is awesome!!
anyone want to guess what i'm thinking about?  if so please notify my status because it wont stop asking me whats on my mind 
hmmmm whats on my mind? lol so far hanging out with someone i miss tomorrow and this pretty epic girl that makes me smile
<propfemale> i love you and i hope you are okay    i wish i was with you and could be there for you in person
"its crazy that being called a poo head can make you smile when ur sad lol  playful  \to all you other poo heads i love you  laugh "
"love is a friendship on fire  smile \love is a color only the blind can see  smile )"
<propmale> you def made my day today when you told me im a light bulb    honestly that meant a lot to me thanks  smile 
i just want to say thanks to my brother for helping me make an awesome decison  smile  love you chirs
"ready for school  smile  hope today is a good day but i know it will be cuz i get to see my super kool budds in seminar today lol  smile  and then of course another <propmale> in civics \\life is great when you realise that you can make anyday beautiful when you stop letting others bring you down  smile )"
everyone please have an awesome day  smile 
so im having an awesome day  smile  cant wait to see what this week throws at me  smile 
officially done with ap world homework  smile ) finished algebra 3 and pre-ap trig    ready for a day of tests and essays tomorrow  annoyed  but it has to be done so i can go to the <propmale>'s speech thursday at jbu  smile 
im totally mentally exhausted from my homework  sad ( being a nerd sucks somteimes just to tlet everyone know lol  playful 
"another day to bring me smiles  another day of laughter  another day of knowing that through everything of yesterday i will become stronger and wiser for the infinite lists of tomorrows  \\to all my friends and family may happiness fill your heart today and i lovers you  smile "
when life gives you lemons you can make all the lemonade you want but when life gives me lemons i'm gonna make grape juice and your gonna wonder how i did it 
def an amazing way to start off a day  smile 
you're so mean when you talk about yourself you are wrong  change the voices in your head make them like you instead  so complicated  look how big you'll make it  filled with so much hatred such a tired game  its enough i've done all i can think of  chased down all my demons  see you the same
you used to captivate by your resignating light now im bound by the knife you left behind  your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams 
so i officially have four wisdom teeth coming in at the same time  sad  and that is why  i keep having fevers on and off all day and it sucks  sad 
<propfemale>
u slow shaking fingertips show that your scared like me so lets pretend we're alone and i know we may be scard i know we're unprepared but i dont care
"\climb to the everest in my mind\"" -<propmale>  laugh  you rock my mind"""
"its 4 am im waking up to ur perfume  dont get up ill get through on my own  i dont know if im home or if i've lost the way into ur room  im spiraling into my doom  im feeling half alive, but i know one day you and i will be free "
so im excited to see how it goes
"gold,gold,gold    im gonna go to state and win gold,gold,gold  laugh "
a game of scrabble with my boyfriend arent we cute  smile 
its crazy to me that i keep having this amazing feeling of happiness  smile  people def amaze me  laugh 
i just wanna say that u r amazing!!!!!!!!!  love 
people amaze me      i just petted a beagle that got hit by a car until it died and watced people drive by almost hitting me cuz they are too consumed in thier own life!!!!! that poor dog!! i love u puppy and hope u have a goo life in doggy heaven!!!
people amaze me      i just petted a beagle that got hit by a car until it died and watced people drive by almost hitting me cuz they are too consumed in thier own life!!!!! that poor dog!! i love u puppy and hope u have a goo life in doggy heaven!!!
"everyone hurt you eventually; you just gotta findthe peron worth hurting for  laugh  you have to find the person who is willing to fight to have you in thier life an be willing to try thier hardiest to be there for you and make you feel like no matter what you go through, you have someone there by ur side  laugh "
so my totally awesome sister in law got me an amazing hot pink fan necklace and i love it  laugh 
prom night pizza baby lol  playful 
going to the zoo with the bf and family  laugh  today is going to be awesome  laugh 
back home again  laugh  had an awesome time meeting <propfirst>  laugh  all around awesome trip just hope i made a good impression
that just made my whole day hilarious  laugh  <propfemale> is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my tongue is numb lol  playful 
"?zjust the thought of u makes me smile, ur hugs make my heart beat like crazy, u make me feel like for once in my life i am worth it all and like everythin"
?z world!! i love you!!?
"?zg i went through was just the steps to make me who i am, to make me be the person who can hopefully one day make u believe that u r amazing and worth the"
why is it that dumb little girls like to thinkt they are better than me?? why do people always throw my past up in my face to try to win an arguement? honestly that is just a low blow     
"i just wanna show u how people that care about u should treat u, i wanna show u that i am willing to fight for you, i just wanna show u that u are worth it all, that u are worth the world!! cuz baby u are worth everything to me!!! i love you"
"omg i just watched a <propfemale> music video \ laugh  so old and yet so amazing!!!! if u know who that is u def earn some cool points!!!"
"i wanna know how forever feels, anyone want to e playful erience it with me??"
"i take 1,000 steps forward just to fall back down again"
i woke up thinking of u  smile  hopefully u did the same
tap on my window knock on my door i wanna make you feel beautiful i know i tend to get so insecure but it doesn't matter anymore     i don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain  
if a crush lasts more than 4 months ur already in love  smile  (pyschological fact)
im excited to be feeling well enough to go back to school  smile 
i finally found something im too big for  smile 
"i do not like you for who you used to be honestly i could care less\i do not like you for the decisions that haunt ur past \i love you for who you are today because in the end we all have a history\moments that sting us with regret\its the choices you make now in the present that make me fall in love with you all over again with everyday i spend with you"
couldnt sleep last night  sad  i was up until about 3 in the morning and i even took medicine to go to sleep  sad ( god i hate insombnia
comparison kills contentment  smile  for we all were made beautifully unique!!
