2c559482126a1af2795776409e1eb59b
happy new year everyone!!!!
feliz <propfemale> de san patricio!!!! lol
ready to relax with my hubby!!
going to e playful lore my surroundings today!
loving <propfirst>'s beautiful weather!!!
glad to finally be back home with her hubby in <propfirst>! : d
"loving the rain today, except it makes my hair go all goldilocks      *sigh* oh well lol"
mmmmm nap       
see you tomorrow fort collins!!  laugh 
colorado was amazing but i'm glad to be home!!! thanks to all our friends and family for making it a good trip!
"two years ago today, i married the love of my life     laugh "
thanks everyone for all the anniversary wishes!!!! we love you all!
"just made some soft, chewy, peanut butter cup, pecan and oatmeal cookies       domesticity is strong in this one!!!!!!"
brothers week    if you have a brother who has made you laugh  pulled your hair  stuck up for you  drove you crazy  hugged you  watched you succeed  saw you fall  picked you back up  cheered you on  made you strong  can't do without  copy and paste this to your status
ready for my hubby's birthday!!! two more days!
finally feeling like fall around here  laugh 
"perfect (o)(o) perky ( wink ( wink  cold (^)(^) and even grandma's \\  \\   , big ( o )( o )or small ( )( ) save them all! repost for breast cancer awareness  save the ta-tas!!!"
me + hubby + saw3d tonight = perfect night out!!!!
my hubby surprised me with tix to the midnight showing of <propmale> potter tonight! so excited!!! best husband ever!  laugh 
debating on whether or not it's too early to put up the christmas tree      
ready for a nice quiet evening with just me and my hubby  laugh  i love fridays!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all of our friends and family! we love each and every one of you!!
feeling great after hitting the gym today  laugh  gonna see this resolution through i hope!
my husband has made me laugh  wiped my tears  hugged me tight  watched me succeed  seen me fail  cheered me on  kept me going strong  my husband is a promise from god that i will have a friend as long as we both are on this earth  put this as your status if you love your husband!!! ?
 dislikes the 32 degree weather :  
making homemade chicken pot pie for my hubby tonight!!  laugh 
there's just something about working out that makes you feel great! hooray for endorphins!!!  laugh 
"nothing like chorizo, freshly made pico de gallo, and corn tortillas to start off a sunday!!!"
crunch cardio salsa    nuff said  laugh 
enjoying an early birthday with pizza and friends  laugh 
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes!! you guys are what make my life so great! love you all  laugh 
50 degree days and 30 degree nights are unleashing havoc on my sinuses      : (
"almost died doing it, but i bumped my work out up to 45 <propfemale> from 30<propfemale> today  i feel accomplished!!!  laugh "
"nothing worse than a beautiful, bright, <propfemale> day that deceives you with 27 degree weather \if the temperature insists on being below freezing then i demand snow dammit!!!!"
broken heater + freezing weather +<propfirst>= sad panda  sad 
hooray for my maintenance guys! they fixed my heater and it's now warm and toasty  laugh  happy panda!!!
"well, it might not have lasted long, but i got my snow  laugh "
"football, friends and feasting     things that make the super bowl the best day in sports ever!!!!!"
count down to our philadelphia trip: 10 days!!!  laugh 
six days till philly  laugh 
had a great weekend at a beautiful wedding! congrats <propmale> and <propfemale>!!  laugh   love 
dinner with friends in their new apt  tonight     excited!!!  laugh 
feeling accomplished  cleaned the apt and moved the furniture  laugh 
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i can comment on yours as well    "
"husband and wife week--if your spouse is your best friend, works hard for you, has been with you through thick and thin, loves you when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the year you were married  2008"
friday night date with my husband      love  love  love 
