39da6ed7ab202b3b46a6d45358979bf3
come look at the new photos of my little man
is somewhat confused about things that have happened
went baby shopping crazy today!!
bought a stroller today at target! woo-hoo!!!
is really wishing she would have gotten pregnant in the winter
wonders why people continue to put their lives on television? (aka <propfirst> & <propfemale> plus  smile 
is wishing it was friday already
is thinking it feels weird when my baby kicks  weird but wonderful!
"is really happy she is only working 3 full days this week, because she needs a vacation!"
is disgusted that a radio station targeted at teenagers (z 107) plays commercials for planned parenthood and the morning after pill at every single break
is watching some <propfirst> <propmale> videos on youtube
3 day weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally made a baby registry today
is tired and possibly a little crabby
is ready to have this baby already!!  smile 
needs some tums and fast!!! friggin' heart burn
finally started working on her scrapbook
is really worn out from cleaning
is contemplating a change
is really ready for the weekend
33 weeks today   getting close to the big show!!!!!
just took the most wonderful nap
baby shower tomorrow!!!
"had a very long day, but got a ton of great gifts  thanks everyone!"
is officially tired of being pregnant
is not sure she can handle the whole labor process  anyone have some words of encouragement?
isn' t feeling so hot today    
was really thinking she was in labor the other day   
"isn't quite sure how she feels about being on maternity leave already, but doctor knows best"
"thinks this baby wants out now, by the way he is kicking me today!!"
feels kind of dizzy and nauseous
why do i feel like this   ?
is ready to meet my son      but still 3 more weeks 
has her windows open in august     crazy!!!!!!!
37 weeks and counting down the days
is having some <propmale> heart burn!
"was really hoping the doctor was going to tell me labor was right around the corner, but no such luck"
kinda bored    
just ordered something very fun       smile 
38 weeks     are we ever going to get this party started?!
only 13 more days!       hopefully
very little progress     damn i want this baby out already!!
feels like crap   
is wondering if labor is coming soon   ?
is seriously considering moving to alaska
watching my favorite show    friends
"saw 2 eggs at the park today, could this be a sign that my son is going to be hatched today   ?"
not quite yet    but maybe soon?
is hoping all the cleaning she did will put her into labor very soon
"1 cm dilated       and the big hoorah is underway, i think    ?!"
my house has never been so clean in my entire life    nesting anyone   ?
is desperately trying to have this baby
is desperate to have her son
blah   
2 more days    come on son you can do it!!
could it be tomorrow?
could it please be tomorrow    ?
alright now     let's get this damn show on the road already!!!!
well    i guess my due date is going to come and go 
still no baby   
"if washing the outside of my house doesn't make me go into labor, i don't think anything will   "
"alright, i have tried everything! i think this baby just wants to stay in!!!!!"
going to the doctor and hopinh to hear some good news
going to the doctor and hoping to hear some good news
is being induced on thursday
is getting a little nervous about tonight    
"is enjoying her son <propfirst> <propfirst> larson born september 17,2009 at 8:26 pm weighing 6 pounds 6 ounces and 19 inches long!!"
can't believe her beautiful son is 5 days old already
<propfirst> is 1 week old today
<propfirst> is the love of my life
<propfirst> is 2 weeks old today!!!! growing so quick
nice to see everyone today
<propfirst> is 19 days old
i can't believe 3 weeks have gone by already   
is it ever going to stop raining?!!
finally feeling like myself again
had a great day today
going halloween costume shopping
did not find any costumes for <propfirst> and i
<propfirst> slept from 10 to 6 last night    at 5 weeks old! i know it probably won't last 
<propfirst> is 6 weeks old today
happy halloween
thinks <propfirst> is going to be taller than her by the time he is 5!
feels extremely blessed to have such a wonderful life
<propfirst> is already 2 months old         crazy
"if anyone in or around collinsville needs a part time job, let me know  we need people!!!"
if anyone knows of any jobs out there     please let me know
has had a very rough week and needs some serious prayer right now
things are getting better one day at a time
got a job!!
had a great first day of work
"has her own office and everything, i'm movin' up in the world!"
is ready for some warmer weather already!!
wonders how she got so lucky to be so blessed
can't believe so much poop can come out of one little guy!!!
"<propfirst> will be starting baby food this weekend, wow what a big boy!"
"we had to hold off on the baby food, but <propfemale> next weekend   ?"
what is thia whole pants on the ground song thing? where or what is it from?
"is kind of over the whole american idol thing     let's do something different for a while now  we are over the 40 million people who can't sing, and the 4 who actually can "
more flippin' snow!! are we ever going to make it to spring?!
"my little car just did not want to go this morning, i thought my butt was gonna have to get out and walk!!"
"<propfirst> is 5 months old already, i can't believe it!"
bought a different car for my hubby today     smile 
"good morning monday! feeling really good this morning  got <propfirst> baptized yesterday, had a great day!"
"<propfirst> said dada for the first time last night, i was amazed!!"
just heard an n'sync song     omg!
thinks pandora is the best website ever!!
dillards is having a big sale     who wants to go shopping this weekend?
doing the family thing today    love having family time 
is tired of hearing about tiger woods!!!
knows a secret about someone       smile 
is ready for the warm weather!!!!!!!  smile 
who wants to go play outside with me?
doesn't understand life sometimes   ?
so happy for my pregnant mama <propfemale>    she is having a boy  boys are so much fun!
"have you ever had one of those dreams that made you stop and go \whoa     that was weird   ?"""
why do so many women think <propfirst> pattinson is hot? he looks like a homeless person!
woke up on my own this morning before my alarm went off and i feel great     it's sort of strange 
anyone interested in buying a mobile home in collinsville? it's really cute and in a great neighborhood 
has that feeling again     i hope i'm wrong this time 
how many shows about being fat is <propfemale> alley going to make     seriously!!
everyone wear your green tomorrow      smile 
was not wrong about the bad feeling yesterday      sad 
"why oh why, must my cats insist on sleeping on top of me? <propmale> on my head and miley on my back  it was a fun night "
isn't it strange how a haircut can make you feel like a brand new person?
thinks she has the best life!!
had a great weekend
my little man got his first tooth today!!
anyone want to buy my house?
<propfirst> is 18 ppunds and 27 inches long  i can't buy clothes quick enough for this child!
bought herself something pretty at lunch today     smile 
took her mommy to lunch today
r i p  mayor <propfirst> thornton and may your family find peace during this tragic time
ok facebook friends     i need some ideas on what to buy my mom for her birthday? i am stumped!
happy birthday mommy
had a very interesting dream about <propfirst> lambert last night       eww!
ok facebook mommies   i need some advice  <propfirst> has been having some seperation anxiety at night and it cause him to wake up   any ideas about what to do to comfort him?
have you ever looked fear in the face and said      i just don't care
is a little bitter she has to turn on the ac in her house     in april! where did the spring weather go?!
"omg, i think i did 30 demands this week      they about killed me!"
everyone around me is getting pregnant    is it something in the water?
"and my house is officially on the market    go to mhvillage com to check it out  search for collinsville, il and please tell anyone you know who is looking to buy a mobile home "
"28 people are watching my house listing    that's a good sign right? i only just listed it yesterday, so that is really giving me good feelings "
"3 bedroom, 2 bath mobile home for sale by owner in collsinville, il  send me a message for more info "
has gotta clean like crazy this weekend     good thing i love cleaning!
"why is it that the phrase \electrical stimulation\"" makes me giggle everytime?"""
has found a new obsession    <propfemale> lime salsa!!
my daddy may get to come home today    yay!!!!!
my house is looking really good     who wants to come take a look so they can buy it?
almost can't keep her eyes open
it's funny how some things never change    
payday     yea baby!!
check out my updated home listing on mhvillage com  we now have pictures  152 hunters hollow collinsville    for sale by owner 
only 1 more room to go in the great cleanup of 2010!
is amazed at how much you can do with an hour lunch
"3 bedroom, 2 bath mobile home for sale in collinsville, il  message me for the address "
it's about time <propfemale> gosselin got kicked off dancing with the <propfemale>s     why was she on there in the first place? she is not a <propfemale>!
just about every woman i know is either pregnant or trying to get pregnant! must be the babymaking season!
the for sale sign is up    and i breathed a sign of relief
and      my house is officially on the market!
do i need to build an arc and gather the animals 2 by 2?  all this damn rain!
knows of 2 cats that may be homeless    very soon!
added 1 more friend to the pregnant team today    seriously enough already!!
"\a mother understands what a child does not say \"""""
just ordered a book for $3 35     thank you very much!!
where do people come up with these names    ?
2nd friday in a row that i woke up and thought it was saturday
has the best husband in the world! <propfirst> sent me beautiful flowers for mothers day! i love you <propfirst>
is disgusted everytime she sees the pregnant neighbor smoking!
had a great 1st mothers day
"jobs being reserved for gang members     um excuse me, what?!!!"
just got a call    someone wants to come look at my house     i'm excited and nervous at the same time 
for some reason    i am now obsessed with cinnamon rolls
"ok, the arc is built    now it's time to gather the animals!"
"they never showed to look at my house today, and i'm kinda pissed!!"
wow    where does the time go? <propfirst> is 8 months today!
last night   i had a dream that i had a tiger for a pet  strange!
"all these years later, and i'm still a backstreet boys fan!!"
"another house showing lined up for this saturday, hope they show up this time!"
more rain    
"damn you <propfirst> in the box!! you have created these things called mini churros, and they are amazing!!"
had dream that i was pregnant     with twins!!
is waaaaaay too tired
want to hear something weird    how about someone turning an old school into a strip club? go to kmov com and you can read the story
"if a 500 pound man can lose half his body weight in a few months, i can surely lose 30 pounds!!"
<propfirst> is officially on the move    he finally crawled forward yesterday!!
www stlmommy com
why do bad things always happen to good people     it will be okay m  <propfirst>
i am so ready to go home!!!
had a great birthday    only 1 minor setback but it turned out to be nothing 
tomorrow will be better
if someones is prank calling me     it's not funny!
going to the shriners parade tommorrow night!!
had a great weekend!
today is day #1 of my new plan! doing good so far 
<propfirst> thinks giving mommy kisses means slobbering all over my face  it is the cutest thing ever!
had yet another dream about being pregnant with twins    pretty sure i am not ever getting pregnant again!
watched <propmale> horror picture show last night     and i sorta didn't get it?
"just got a burst of energy    so i changed the litterbox, started the dishwasher, unloaded some bags, cleaned out the car, and mopped the floors in three rooms! now i'm beat!"
good morning monday     surprisingly energetic this morning!
"<propfirst> has a girlfriend on the way, congrats <propfemale> and <propmale>, it's a girl!!"
"nothing better than a sleeping baby, csi miami and some chocolate chip waffles!!"
you know your food is hot when it burns your leg through the pants   
going at lunch to buy myself something special
loves it when people don't tell me things     oh well not my fault!
bought an ipod     and i have no idea how to work it   ?
why does it feel like someone is stabbing me in the forehead?!
finally figured out my new ipod!!
you know how you hear about peoples tires bursting because of the heat    well it really does happen  i know from e playful erience!
had a dream i was buying a thong      for my grandma!
my car is done    yay! until i look at the <propmale>   sad 
am i too honest      ? probably
a little less crabby than yesterday      smile 
"dear <propfirst> gosselin, you are not a badass, so i think the dragon tattoo was a mistake  it just looks stupid!"
feels like the only person in the world who doesn't give a sh!t about twilight!
"a girl that goes to the babysitter with my son told me i looke nice today, i wanted to hug that little girl!  smile "
"i'm not sure, but i think there might be a small community forming in my ear   ?"
no community     just an ear infection
oh mr  sun     why must you burn me every year!!!
note to self     binder clips work very well in the place of a missing button  smile 
anyone with knowledge of accounting    need a job?
my sunburn is now at the itching stage     fantastic! that means the peeling stage is right around the corner  sad 
i guess now that my car has hit the 2 year <propfirst>    everything just wants to break!
has anyone on here ever used rhapsody to go?
<propfirst> guetta is a skinny white guy     what?!
spread the word     i am currently booking sessions for senior portraits! tell all your friends!
last night i had a dream     that i met the backstreet boys in person  i came home and they were just sitting on my couch like it was no big deal  it was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 days of work this week     and then it's off to the beach!!  smile 
dear sunburn     when are you going to stop itching!!?
my family needs some serious prayer right now
"she will be missed and never forgotten  i will always remember the good times that we shared, the friday night family dinners and the way my son brought a smile to her face  i love you and i miss you so much "
i think it just hit me        
back to work today
made some brownies for work tomorrow     smile 
nothing like a mistake    to make you feel extra stupid!
little bit on edge today     
umm excuse me    but when did the boys of hanson get to be so hot?!
"thank you planters for putting peanuts, raisins, m&m's, cashews and chocolate covered peanuts together!"
"had a great time to nyc with the hubby, but glad to be home with my little man too!"
"omg, it's like 500 degrees outside!"
i miss you a lot today
"hey, all you belleville west class of 2002 people, our fellow classmate <propfirst> engelman passed away on july 30  rest in peace <propfirst> "
that was a really grown up thing to do    only not
just found the best bookstore in the entire world!!!
"<propfirst> is feeling better, and back to his goofy self again!"
"if anyone needs some white bedroom furniture, email me  it's free!"
"\you gotta always protect the mcnuggets   \"" a quote just for you crazy lady in the mcdonalds drive thru with mcnugget rage!"""
it's a hot one out there!
why do i have a headache every day of my life?!!
"3 bedroom, 2 bath mobile home for sale  new lower price! email me for details "
"i think, i may be dying!"
"me: \and i'd also like a large diet coke\""\",39da6ed7ab202b3b46a6d45358979bf3,11 months already    
"it was a beautiful service today, many thanks to the swansea fire department for all they did for my grandpas funeral "
oh allergies     why must you be such a pain my ass!
"attention everyone     now that <propfirst> is almost 1 year old, it is not a good time to have another one! thank you "
why don't celebrities think it's cool to help with problems in the united states? i guess that wouldn't get them so much attention     ?
facebook mommies    i have a question for you? when did you stop giving your little ones a bottle before bedtime?
ready for a change    i'm thinking blonde!!
"isn't it ironic that when the news does a story about gas prices being so low, they go up 20 cents the next day!?"
toooo many cookies      
just to start the morning off right    i got pulled over!
camerons first trip to the zoo was a success!
has and ipod touch now      thanks to my wonderful husband!
just shoot me     
i need a nap!
7 more days!!!!
it may never get easier    i still miss you everyday 
1 more day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"apparently my hands do not work today    i have now dropped my keys, a bowl, some shirts, a can fo soda, and a jar of pickels that splattered all over the target floor!"
my little man is 1 today    i have no idea where this year went?!
it still hurts like it happened yesterday
allergies      you may just kill me!
the priest at my church has a facebook <propfemale>      strange!
ok     that's enough now!!!
how about that    i am smart after all!
"22 pounds, 30 inches, and ready for whole milk     i guess my little man isn't so litte anymore "
everytime i take a step forward    someone is there to knock me back 10!
i need everyone to cross their fingers for me    cause i really need this to happen today!
fingers crossed again boys and girls    thanks in advance!
<propfirst> is at that age where he notices when i leave him with the babysitter    and it kinda breaks my heart 
happy anniversary <propfirst>    i love you 
fingers crossed one final time    please and thank you!
i don't feel gooood  sad 
i dream about you every night    and it hurts
alright     it is way too hot for october!
i wish i could forget    but i just can't
"<propfemale> <propmale>, you are my best friend in the world!"
note to self    next time set your alarm for am instead of pm! i swear sometimes i am the smartest person in the world!
"hangin' on the edge of my seat, awaiting the arrival of the brand new baby girl! love you <propfemale> "
anyone whos interested in walking in the <propfemale> clause parade in belleville this year    send me a message  it's with a great group called bright pink 
i mailed in the registration for the <propfemale> clause parade    now who wants to volunteer to walk with us? you know it will be fun!
10-20 wear purple against homophobia    i am wearing my purple proudly!
i am sooooo tired of being too warm in october! bring on the cold!
i'm sleepy now   
and our house      is no longer wanted  i guess the finger crossing did not work!
30 years ago today    the love of my life was born  happy birthday <propfirst>!
why do people do things just to annoy others?
<propfirst> is finally coming home after being gone since february    i can't hardly contain my excitement!!!
"<propfirst> could be home as early as 1 smile 0 a m ,,,,, what?!"
"someone was shot in my neighborhood this afternoon, thats kinda scary!"
will be excited when i go home and there will be someone there to greet me     other than the cats!
nothin like doing 45 things at one time    
anyone know what time u2 tickets go on sale today?
going to be another beautiful day in my neighborhood     everybody sing along!
now that i have a piece of you with me always      i think i am finally able to let you go and rest in peace  i will always love you and miss you 
wow    sometimes opportunities really do fall right out of the sky
"congrats <propfemale> and <propmale>, it's a        baby!"
my little man took his first steps yesterday    way to go cam!
bought myself an early christmas present     a d&b purse!!!!!!
no fever today    hooray!
a piece of advice     don't ever take your children to memorial hospital emergency room in belleville!!!
i will do it right this time!
"ok mother nature, one day of snow was okay     but i did not agree to any freezing rain!"
i would like to be invited to nellys black and white ball this sunday     could someone make that happen for me?
the holidays just aren't the same without you     we miss you and we love you 
going on a mini-vacation this weekend     i will see you all in 2011!
what is your new years resolution? mine is to eat healthier    and i am going to stick to it!
jesus christ has a facebook <propfemale>     that's odd
i hope i didn't just bite off more than i can chew
gonna go for a little stroll    
could someone i know please get married really soon  ?  i am ready to do some dancing!!
yikes    going to be some crazy weather!!
it's the calm before the storm    
"it's funny to me how some people are all about the drama! the world does not revolve around you, so stop bitching!"
i'm doing a good job     that was a much needed boost!
this bra    may in fact be squeezing the life out of me at this very moment!
are tums supposed to make you throw up?!
i have never felt so bad in my entire life!
i gave my sickness to my whole family!!
anyone have a degree in psychology    and can help me figure out the disturbing dream i had last night?
"7 years ago today     i met my best friend! i love you, happy valentines day!"
things may get kind of interesting    
wow     obnoxious!
i'm ready to go home now
soooo very tired
"you know your tired, when you get to work and realize you have on 1 black sock    and 1 white sock!"
mmmmmm     brownies
has anyone ever been to the mardi gras parade in st  <propfirst>?
it's a girl! congrats <propfemale>!
maybe    just maybe?!
maybe not
"attention mother nature      it's march, start acting like it! thank you!"
all the men in the house went to bed early      now what do i do?
at this time 18 months ago    i was not so patiently waiting for my little man to arrive  i can't believe he is growing up so fast!
you better not have had that baby yet     !
does anyone know a good real estate agent?
i may not make it till 5 today     
why yes    i am reading a diet book and eating chocolate chip cookies  the same time 
"went to target and only got 1 thing from my list    the sad part is, there were only 4 things on the list!!!"
wow    i am smart!
got to have lunch with 2 lovely ladies    and 1 very handsome little man!
what does it mean if your fortune cookie has no fortune?
welcome baby <propmale>!
it's a great day to be alive!
<propfirst> federline is having another baby with yet another hot woman! what is wrong with these women?!
message to spellcheck    a street called homeside drive is not really supposed to be the word homicide! at least it made me laugh
anyone want some cute easter pictures done of your little ones? i am available!
t i r e d              
can anyone reccomend a good real estate agent?
i have now eaten everything in sight!
anybody know where i can sell some used electronics?
i got an invitation in the mail      unfortunately it wasn't for the <propmale> wedding!
maybe this is really going to be my <propmale>     so excited!!!!
yes       my home is still for sale  tell all your friends!
aren't i too young to have hot flashes   ?
nothing like a trip to the er to ruin a saturday evening     sad 
anyone know how to put a disc back into place in my back   cause i am sooo over this pain!
just got some early mothers day presents!  smile 
a lot of things have made me smile today    i needed those things
justice has been served     both <propmale> and bin laden are facing their judgements
yep    i'm doing it this time and i won't let anyone stop me!
so proud of you <propfirst>!!
