d39e32dd20041adc6ca7e8f76a99bf58
gonna be rocking at the lady gaga concert!!!!!  laugh 
im sooo new to this lol
parents piss me off   
playing rock band with my baby
watching babe play batman!!  laugh 
wondering when babes coming back home from the gym    hmmm
kanye is a douch bag   
going to work and dont feel to good
finally i get to relax at home!! i was so waiting for this day to come!!!
super happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
just found out lady gaga is coming to concert i soooo want to go!!
my bday is in 6 days woot!!
my bday is on sunday and i have no idea what to do but i hope i have fun and i get lots of surprises and i hope this year doesnt suck like last year   
my bday is tommorow woot!!
with babe  smile 
i wonder what i got on my final i really think i did good
playing rock band 2  laugh 
happy new year everyone have a good one with family and friends
sucks that i had to be at work today at 7am
more more pics another day i have to sleep early i have inventory tommorow at my job how crappy
studying for my final tommorow   
did someting i never thought i had the guts to do   so im very proud of myself
gonna paint my bf's room tommorow yay love painting  smile 
other than me painting which sucks  annoyed  im super happy that i make a year and 8 months with my awesome bf and i love the beautiful pink flowers he bought me i love you baby!!!  laugh  thank you muahhh
about to go into work from 12 to like probably 9  sad  i so want to stay home and bum out lol
wish i was sleeping but im at work  annoyed  super early but i leave  11 am  smile  so sleep after that lol
home about to go jogging with the bf  laugh 
thinking of what to do after finishing school thinking of doing health administration    hmmmm
had the worst cramps of life
im so freakin bored out of my mind  annoyed    
yummm applebees  laugh 
"its crazy how you can know someone for such a long time, you think you know them and they just switch on you and become total bitches   people just suck ass sometimes even if it is your best friend"
just finshed buying my book for school on amazon    its used and still e playful ensive     annoyed 
work is freakin nuts!!
im soooooooooooooooo tired    out from work straight to school i hate days like this!!!
im staring at the clock at work and i have 1 more <propfemale> before i go back into work     so dreading it!!!
i love going to work with 1 hour of sleep on me its the best     annoyed  fml
was just talking to some guy that literally just came from new york got in a taxi here on 49th street and the taxi driver decided hey we are going to pick up someone eles the guy they pick up has a gun and points it at the new york guy and he throws himself in the canal and gets out and hides by a shopping center all that shit to take the poor guys money
so damn tired and so much to do  annoyed 
its frustrating    - -
it is such a pain to get all these requirements done to start doing my clinicals!!!
i <propfemale> wish i could be with my family at the resort but i had to come back down to hialeah just to work    how gay     annoyed 
where the hell is my bf!!??
still studying for my midterm    i hope its not insane o o been studying all day need break   
wow    people suck ass lmao
omfg!! i got a 93 on my midterm    and i was here freaking out bro   i got this    smile 
the people in my school who work in financial aid dont know <propfirst> shit    
im bored  annoyed 
at school on a friday in a seminar     so dont want to be here
at work already its 6:40 am im so damn tired i want my bed!!
does anyone want to add me on xbox?????
im on break at work how boring and im getting sleepy     annoyed  you know what im in the mood for m&ms i <propfemale> want someeeee
its disappointing     
im bored at school someone help me    
ok   i have to go into the layaway today and yeah if i see that snake thats in there i swear to god    shit is gonna go down!!
bored
getting ready for school
"i have the hugest headache,since yesturday!!!  annoyed "
im so tired and i havent even slept!
<propfemale> salvaje
listening to some old school <propfemale> <propfirst> before going to school  laugh 
10 more mins till my novela starts woot!!
15 more mins to study for my oral test  annoyed 
wooooooot 100% on my oral test partyyyyy!!
happy 4th of july everyone!!
first day of my internship         rocked!!  laugh 
im so happy for my bf ily!!
pretty much wide wake    im so feeling the sleep in a little while lol
still at the hospital im actually having fun  laugh 
stressful!!
playing with my new phone!
"hey guys im selling a t-mobile htc touch pro 2 for $250 it is in very good condition this includes the box w everything sad harger, usb cable, the screen protector, the headphones,and 4 cases (3 of them are girly face plates the other one is a hard black cover) also comes with the carrying case,and manuals w the cd for the computer if anyone is interested message me here on facebook  smile "
its freaking hot as helllllllllllll outside!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we need some rain up in here my god!
i'm so tired     annoyed  i just want to go home
some freaking people that live in <propmale> just stole my fucking debit card number with fucking pin and everything and went on a fucking shopping spree and wasted over $200 i hope they fucking burn in hell or get raped in jail with their fucking <propfemale> secret panties that they bought with my fucking hard earned money!! fuckers!
so freaking tired    gonna hit the bed hard  smile  cant wait
resident evil 3d was freakin awesome!!! btw i predict part 5  im so watching that one when it comes out!!!
really      there's some people in the world you just want to walk up to them and just bitch slap them    freaking douch bag    
starting my 21st bday partyyyyyyyy!!!!!! already taking my first shots lmao!!
i can't wait tommorow i turn 21!!! ima party my ass off!!
happy bday to me!!!!
thank you everyone for the bday wish and the parties and the drinks!!! lmao i love you guys!!
so want to go home instead of being here at work  annoyed 
good morning everyone!
i'm really dying to finish my classes after tommorows final i'm on my last class  laugh  can't wait been on a studying spree for the past 2 weeks!
 smile  today is going to be a beautiful day
pissed >=o
happy halloween!!!
there's very few people you can call friends    i'm not mad i'm just saying there certain people that are on your good list and then shitty ass people who are in my i'm better without you anyways list     so annoyed right now    
what beautiful weather im loving it!!!!!  laugh 
so bored      
w  the bf at the cod midnight launch   laugh  hopefully this is quick
watching dr g
at <propfirst> romas with babe  laugh 
"you know im crazy but you like it, loca,loca,loca!!!"
listening to some metallica  laugh 
i hate traffic in miami!!!
wow    have to wake up at 5 smile 0 and uhhh yeah i'm still up!!
i want to go home already   
"my hubby has made me laugh  wiped my tears  hugged me tight  watched me\succeed  seen me fail  cheered me on  kept me going strong  my hubby is\a promise from god that i will have a friend forever  ? put this as \your status if you love your man   smile "
happy thanksgiving to everyone and thier families be safe and dont drink too much  smile 
wow!! i was looking through an old book because the bookmark didn't let the book close and when i open the book i $45!!! today is my lucky day!!!!!! wooooot
wuz uppppp!!!
wuzzzzz uppppp!!!
to all my peeps wuzzzz upppp!!!
who has an xbox?????????!!!!!!!!!!!
woooooooooow class sucks ass today     annoyed 
soooooo pissed off right now   
wuz uppppp 
its so damn cold!!! ahhhhhhh!! lol
i can't believe i'm done with my freakin hrs!! i officially turned in my dosimeter today with the last of the 600 hrs from the hospital plus 1 more day of my last class ever this rocks all i need is to study for the board and find a new job and i'm set =b
learned how to draw blood from a dummy today in school   it was soooo cool!!
no offensive to anyone but girls are bitches!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >=o
i'm soooooooooooooooooo tired   worked from 12pm to 11 smile 0 pm what a crazy day at work i'm dying for christmas to pass already!!!
  ?  ?  ?waiting for my bf to wake up  smile  cant wait to see him ?  ?  ?  ?  
"kiss me, ki-ki-kiss me\infect me with your love and\fill me with your poison\take me,t-ta-take me\wanna be a victim ready for abduction\boy, you're an alien\your touch so foreign\it's supernatural\extraterrestrial----- <propfemale> <propfirst>?"
got to sleep early work at 6:15am till 3pm ehhhh long day tomorrow    =[ goodnight everyone!  smile 
sooooooo tired     come on <propfirst> you got 2 hrs left you can do it!!!!
watching eminem videos on fuse  smile  brings back memories
one more day of work thank god tommorow i get off at 2!!!!!!!!! cant wait till 2 tommorow then its party time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone ber safe!!
woooooow first time ever i had to be scraping ice off my car to go to work     =o
good night everyone!
wow dreading work tommorow    6am till 3pm
what the hell is skins supposed to be about???
at work     annoyed  i hope to actually leave at the time i'm supposed to leave today
finally saw inception     movie is epic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
can't wait to get home to my new tv  laugh 
i heart campers  laugh  on cod
"i didn't hit you,i simply just high-five your face   laugh "
sooo yeah im a virgo now guys      
i hate having to leave you every night  it breaks my heart everytime     i hate it!!! =     heart-broken 
i can't wait to go home already!!!
it sucks being in school on a friday night but got to do it to do the board and get a better job!!!
watching some inuyasha   been a while
"happy anniversary babe its been a great 2 yrs and 6 months,i love you with all my heart and wish to spend many more anniversaries with you, mi gordito lindo  laugh  muahh"
crazy dream    
about to go to my bro's house for some family time  smile 
want to go homeeeeeee
i hope today is a good day 
going to the <propfemale> <propfirst> concert wooooooooooooooot cant wait!
"achoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?        if you're allergic to bullshit, drama queens, head games, liars and 2-faced people, keep this sneeze going    i can't wait to see who'll re-post this!  "
oreos ???
i can't wait till my day off  annoyed 
getting a hair cut  smile 
this sucks    i want to go home!!!!!!
"hearing lady gaga's new song \born thia way\""  laugh """
