4de7ab88b296103e08e1fd873d992fab
"'s nintendo ds is missing   if you have it, or know where it is, please let me know   thanks "
happy new year!
finally got to wear her wellies!
is missing <propfemale>!
is wondering how the hell she can get all this summer work done 
is remodeling a house!
sure   this wednesday?
soooo tired   still drinking caffeine tho   
loves the new school year!
"agrees that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  it's really simple to put people before profits  the rest of the world does  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day"
had awesome time at <propfemale>'s grad party   must remember story picture game 
"i petted a snake today!  i held it around my neck and let it <propfemale> on me, and it was awesome!  i heart snakes!"
"desperately needs people to send her food for her happy aquarium   <---secret message encoded, people"
just realized that she made the worst mistake of her life in eigth grade 
is tired of having the rug pulled out from under her
just found out she doesn't have a ride to louisville for state   any volunteers?
realizes that 5th is better than last year   it still kinda sucks 
threepeat!  go highlands!
is loving exemptions
mourns the rev   so sad to see him go 
is attending an organized snowball fight on sunday!
"babysitting 12 hours a day= $100   ticket for senior dinner dance= $25   10 people belting out \don't stop believing\""= priceless """
"what's so great about caesar? hm? brutus is just as cute as caesar  brutus is just as smart as caesar  people totally like brutus just as much as they like caesar  and when did it become okay for one person to be the boss of everybody, huh? because that's not what rome is about  we should totally just *stab* caesar!"
"cried while watching bones yesterday   don't laugh, it was sad "
just saw the girl from 16 and pregnant at 915!
had a blast at reca   the one fall i had was epic 
just rocked her senior seminar presentation after a night with no sleep   can we say hellz yes?
is wondering how she's going to visit a friend's grad party on the same night as hers   
"hates spending $35, walking in the rain in flip-flops, and leaving after 3 hours   on the plus side, driving through the giant puddle was epic "
was really glad she didn't have a car yesterday 
"desperately hopes that she can beat kaitlyn-the-beast at cornhole, but doubts that it will happen   hopefully, her partner sucks "
"'s trips to kings island always end in catastrophe, meaning rain and no money "
has sooo much stuff to do before graduation party later today 
hates that she sometimes-- accidentally-- facebook creeps on her little brother and his girlfriend   awkward moments abound 
hates waiting for a certain someone to log in to facebook just because she has nothing to do but sleep 
is unneccessarily tired   hello summer 
"just found out that <propmale> orne has eaten all of her cosmic brownies   eater, i will find you, because justice is justice, and because <propfemale> is <propfemale> "
just found out that there's a color worse than purple when it comes to storms   if we thought saturday was bad   
hates that her father can claim the television and then fall asleep   this is why golf sucks 
thanks everyone for the great birthday!
real world!  still trying to decide if <propfirst>'s sensitivity outweighs his looks 
"did fantastic on her french placement tests for nku!  even if i fail the ap, i'll still be in 3rd semester classes!  woot!"
"failed the ap french exam, as was e playful ected, but passed environmental science and government!  woot!"
finally got her new laptop hooked up to the internet!
is watching say yes to the dress: atlanta 
thinks that the guy from la ink looks just like mr  abdon 
has worked since 6 am and is done 
is kind of sick of not having a kitchen 
"has an 8 o'clock class tomorrow, but doesn't want to sleep  ah, college   "
why haven't i seen ads for the social network on facebook yet?  it seems almost too obvious 
i love getting to nku unnecissarilly early 
"got a new phone!  give me your <propfirst>, or text me with your name   my # is still the same!"
woke up at 7 when my alarm went off to get on the bus   should probably remember to change phone setting from silent   
"wants to sing christmas songs already, and it's not even time to advertise for halloween "
is still creeped out by signs 
"test today in anthropology, and-- surprise!-- \mini exam\"" is sociology   at 8  am   """
some guy on the bus just sneezed on the back of my head three times in a row 
"is watching fargo for cinema class   can't wait until the end of the semester for a christmas story   why do all \good\"" movies involve death?"""
loves bumping into people at kroger 
"not what didn't she do, but whom "
"the larosa code: 347-1111 ----> 3+4=7, 4+7=11, 7+11=18, i'm 18, which means i should totally buy pizza!"
"really, really, really needs to go to class tomorrow   need to remember never to schedule an 8 o'clock class "
is going to sociology    apparently the mall is a great motivational tool for me 
saw three things that i donated to goodwill at the village   i should have bought them back and completed the circle 
"don't get robbed, uc students!  apparently using a cell phone or ipod makes you a target, so anyone younger than 10000 years old should be wary "
is not looking forward to the scary movie in cinema next week   being utterly embarrassed in front of 25 other people is not on my to do list 
"just spent what felt like 2 hours looking for my phone   thought i left it in the su or on the bus, so i went through my purse,  backpack, and all my pockets   finally, i gave up and decided to call it, only to realize it was in my pocket when i took a nap   naturally, it was on my mattress "
think i just failed the second mini exam   wth is social stratification?
i hate making plans around someone who never shows 
"likes playing the parking game   just because i cut through the parking lot, doesn't mean you should follow me in your car   guess what? i didn't park here!"
"it is so cold in my house, it isn't even funny "
"my prof didn't show at our appointment, so i headed to the su to chill for a couple hours before classes   found bj napping on one of the couches "
fearfest on amc   i'm officially not going to sleep until next monday night 
"almost threw my computer, i got so angry about elections   should probably not watch fox for a while "
hopefully going to the zombie walk afterparty   any other takers?
"i'm ceo, b@*#$!"
i find it disturbing that fb now boils down an entire friendship to one <propfemale> of comments   it's slightly sad 
"so how did kentucky elect republican senators on the basis of fiscal responsibility, when the representatives we elected, who will have more control over spending, are democrats?"
hanging out with <propfemale> moseley!  woot!
you aren't <propfemale>'s next top model just because that's the only position you can be in without being crushed  -- <propfemale> handler
"\my day was so hispanic!\""  like this if you think it is racist """
"got her license, insurance, and a full tank of gas   who should i visit tonight?"
just got back from an epic journey across nkent  and ohio with <propfemale>   apparently we shouldn't talk and look for exits at the same time 
"change\your profile picture to one of a cartoon from your childhood and invite\your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human \faces on facebook until monday - only an invasion of memories  for the \fight against child abuse - copy and paste on your wall "
"i think i'm unnaturally attracted to gay men   i seem to either have a bad track record, or my gaydar is waaaay off "
"just remembered that a two <propfemale> + paper is due tomorrow before my anthro exam at 10:10am, so why the hell am i still on facebook?!"
"about to take my final exam of the semester!  it's sociology   but, since i skipped most of those classes    anyone know anything about sociology?"
"from the grades listed on blackboard, i think i've passed everything!  still waiting on exams though, so we'll see   laugh "
"cut and died my hair!  i definately needed it, though the chick nearly pulled all my hair out > sad "
changed my timetable to work in intro to education! woot!
"next up, my musicology prof will teach me what a note is   can we say \nap time?\"""""
"first hardcore lecture hall of college   i finally understand why unis brag about small class sizes: 90% of the people here, including me, have their laptops open to fb "
had a great night in with <propfemale> yesterday!
anybody know where <propfirst> slaughter goes to college?  i think i just saw him at nku 
"got firefox   you can stop nagging now, bj "
"at this point, i don't know if i've missed the bus or if it's just late "
