84ed32468a59a12024902e38ecc2a60c
happy new years!!!
"i finally took the right step, to move my life forward    this is great  smile "
my brand spankin' new 32in hd lcd wall mount tv  it's the most beautiful thing i've ever seen 
waiting for the bbq 2morrow  it's gonna be fun  see ya all then
want's to say thank you to everyone who has accepted the support our troops cause invite that i sent out 
people suck
happy halloween everyone!
"i finally did good, i lost 52 pounds and then the damn turkey day comes    how can anyone turn down all that awesome food!"
i don't check here often so if you have somethin to talk about please send it in a e-mail message  i may never see it if you don't   sad 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
wow what a gift    i am no longer single  <propfirst> and i are now together  our anniversary will be christmas day  how perfect for me is that?
happy new year!! hope everyone gets as drunk as i will lol  stay safe!!!
wow  i moved to wisconsin a couple weeks ago  it's like another world  everything moves slower and the people are so much nicer  it's great!
wow  what a week  at least things finnaly seem to be going good  smile 
"well life is wonderful  i found a great new roommate, a awesome new job, and i have just started taking college classes in biz managment, nurses assistant, and home remodeling and repair  six months i'm done! and then welcome good life! i have had way to many set backs and now i'm on a roll  no one to hold me back now  funny how life always works out for the best! single and lovin' it  smile "
"work, school, and life    it's so hard to fit everything in 24 hours    when do i get to sleep?"
blarneys island is awesome! a floating bar on fox lake  a little pricey but it's worth it 
"wish me luck i'm heading in to the doc, my ribs healing ok but there maybe be something else really wrong  i'm so tired of being sick sad "
"well it's not good, but it could be worst    i've got pleurisy from when i fractured four ribs a couple weeks ago  on top of that i've going in for testing for atrial fibrillation and pcos  this really sucks!"
just bought my ticket for my trip to washington!!! what fun i'm gonna have 
"go me, go me    i got 100% on each of the first two exams for my home remodeling and repair class "
the long night of the insomniac   
"zombies, vampires, and witches    or maybe it's just the vicodin talkin   "
goodnite all
games are fun
"so i'm under observation from the doctor, i do have the heart issue and he's trying to find out if i'm gonna need surgery  i'm on new meds for the pluresy and i hurt  sad   sad   when will life just be good?"
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands  one nation under god,indivisible,with <propfemale> and justice for all (i grew up saying this every morning in school-its a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending    someone) now,lets see how many <propfemale>ns will repost and    not care about offending anyone!!!"
23 days and counting until my trip!!! so exciting!!!
i hate career politicians!!! remember in novemeber do not vote back these people who won't listen to us! anyone in power of anything that we elect if they spend there time voting in what keeps hurting our wonderful country vote them out  do not give them anymore chances to do us more harm  we are americans we are free!!!
so far so good  i'm at a solid 97% for all my classes  i love feeling smart 
"why is it the world never opens up and swallows you when you want it to? i so sick of all the crap that i've been tugged, dragged, shoved, and have had dumped on me for the last 3 months i'm really to e playful lode  and if i go down i plan on taking a certain couple of assholes down with me   "
a boulder presses on my chest stabbing pain and dull aches sitting in a sterile white room the doctor enter's tells me my fate i knew something was wrong i'd never guessed it could be so bad two words repeating atrial fibrilation i hear buzzing i need to focus weeks go by and he calls me in it's managable he tells me someday i will need heart surgery to correct this battered one i have that day is not today
i love my birthday!
"open to all idol's in palatine 3 50 u call its, 2 50 bombs, and best of all no cover!!!! hope to see ya all there "
so i am getting dragged out to a bar again!!! after last night i really don't wanna drink anymore  but cadillac ranch is awesome so i'm gonna go anyway  see ya all later 
i cannot wait for thurseday! i'm going home for awhile 
"happily in seattle  seeing the site's the views, the smell god i've missed it  and the family and best <propmale> that is here! just got in last night and already having a blast!!!"
"gotta love the weather  <propfemale> skys, clouds on the horizon, the temp is to die for  puget sound is so beautiful!!! pines trees everywhere  this is by far the most beautiful place anywhere on this earth  washington    how i've missed you"
i've got a head ache from hell  someone shoot me
finally realizing that the man of my dreams just does not exist anywhere on this planet  i wonder what type come from pluto   
rock band is awesome!!! up most of last night playing  wow gotta get the video of it!!!
back in chicago  man i miss seattle already  it's so much prettier there   sad 
listening to evanecence on utube  god they are great!!!
"just took that iq test very interesting  i got 126  i don't even know what a \good\"" score is  anyone know what the average is????"""
got free scratch cards and won $1 cash! http annoyed  apps facebook com scratchix 
watching the news and guess what  on their lunch break 15 workers at the chrysler plant in <propmale> were caught on camera for a wk straight at the local park drinking and smoking weed  then they head back to work  the company has suspended them w o pay  the union claims they cant be fired since they didnt do it while on the clock  so it's ok to be intoxicated and high while working in a plant that makes cars we drive?
i hate when i'm bored but to lazy to get up and do anything   
i was just told by a quiz that i am the cannibus plant  ^^
"monday's suck  and i got up too early today  seeing the sun from this side,  sad "
"i am totally addicted to lady gaga's \bad romance\"""""
well new song stuck in my head    deftones- sextape  great song 
thanks <propfirst>- i still got dt sextape stuck in my head 
i hear the rain  but there are no clouds  what the hell  ouch    ok i'm not dreaming
"when your friends can't e playful lain why they voted for democrats, give them this list  they can then pick a reason  \*\10  i voted democrat because i believe oil companies' profits of 4% on a gallon of gas are obscene but the government taxing th   e same gallon of gas at 15% isn't \*\9  i voted democrat because i believe the government will do a better job of spending the money i earn than i would \*"
8  i voted democrat because freedom of speech is fine as long as nobody is offended by it *7  i voted democrat because i'm way too irresponsible to own a gun and i know that my local police are all i need to protect me from murderers and thieves *6  i voted democrat because i believe that people who can't tell us if it will rain on friday can tell us that the polar ice caps
"will melt away in ten years if i don't start driving a prius *5  i voted democrat because i'm not concerned about the slaughter of millions of babies through abortion so long as we keep all death row inmates alive * 4  i voted democrat because i think illegal aliens have a right to free health care, education, and social security benefits *3  i voted democrat"
because i believe that business should not be allowed to make profits for themselves  they need to break even and give the rest away to the government for redistribution as the democrats see fit * 2  i voted democrat because i believe liberal judges need to rewrite the constitution every few days to suit some fringe kooks who would never get their agendas past the voters 
"1  i voted democrat because my head is so firmly planted up my rear that it is unlikely that i'll ever have another point of view\*\keep freedom, my god and my guns    you keep the change   \*\get out and vote november 2nd, 2010!\\thank you~ <propfirst> determan!!!"
lol  i had the most interesting evening last night  thank you guys it was a blast  smile  
"cross country movie night  it was an interesting e playful eriment  and it work's, so much fun!  smile  like aliens check out the movie \the fourth kind\"" """
life just ain't worth living if you don't make it complicated! oh brother    
i love watching the sun come up    but only through a drunken haze! fun times!!!
i hate when you get that feeling that somethings wrong  you can't put your finger on it then    bam  i really hate the doctor 
"poke, poke, poke    god i love these wars  i should start keeping track of how many and of who i'm in these wars with and post it  lets see <propfemale>, fesi, <propmale>, and <propfirst> 1, are in the lead   "
just got facebook on my phone  so cool
let it snow let it snow let it snow
thinking of hosting a tattoo party  send a email if ya want in 
wow the snow is awesome! i got 3 inchs out here   smile 
damn  going to the doctor again on wed for these heart pains  nothing is ever easy  sad 
i guess now is the time to start praying on friday im going to the hospital where they will cut me open to put a camera into my heart  now im freaking   
wow its snowing again  its so pretty!
well after all that the doc still cant find why my white cells are 7x normal  at least my heart is ok and let me say vicodin penicillin and ib profin are an awesome mix 
"haha i have a new theme song bon jovie \its my life\""  bite me bad heart im gonna live like that!"""
ok <propfemale> you are the poking master!
good night <propfemale>!!! lol
so it turns out my wbc are going nuts cause i got walking pnuemona  at least this will go away lol  blah    
wow <propfirst> and <propfemale> as usual great party! im still feeling it lol
finally found a place get to move in on the first so happy!
wow there was an earthquake this morning  oh wait that was my roomie being a bitch banging on wall yelling and jumping up and down  g worked a double yesterday and another today and she does this when im sleeping
omg what a busy day  we q
omg what a busy day  we ran out of almost everything  sitting at almost two times what we were supposed to do  im sooooo tired
oh bff you always make me feel so much better! your the best!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
what a great christmas  house full of kids and presents what fun! <propfemale> christmas all!
lol everyone better stay away from this house! one roomie is puking her guts out and i still got this damn pnuemona   sad   what a mess
"waiting, waiting    seems im always waiting on someone"
damn i hate this economy  anyone looking for a roomie send me an email 
its the little things that matter  and boy are they coming my way in spades   laugh 
so happy! moving in to my new place on saturday
sigh    moving is such a pain! but i love my new place!!!
wtf  i seriously wonder if there is anyone that is completly trust worthy  ever time i turn around im getting screwed!
yeah so finally all moved in  having a party on saturday message or call if ya wanna come
woohoo party tonight at my new place! call or text for directions
off to work  i hate the morning shift
found the perfect paint for my new place! and yes im gonna start tonight
dont wanna get up! much fun partying last night 
"fudge you <propfemale>, <propmale> and <propfirst>! im gonna win this war! lol"
fox and hound in arlington heights is great!
lol party central is going off again tonight byob starting at ten
wow very cool  still running    partys at my place always make it til 6 am  great to see you all!!!
good morning! and its off to work i go   
working 10am to 9pm sucks when i had to close last night! and then theres the opening mod  sad   bullshit!!!
fudge you <propfirst>!!
"please, someone tell me why some guys waddle around with their pants around their knees?"
gotta love the day off! sleep til three and do nothing all day
yum pot roast for dinner!!!
why and how is it that almost every day off i get i get sick? seriously wtf
gotta love workin the ten to two    and wheres this blizzard they keep talking about
k <propfemale> if i had the day off id be sleepin    not pokin everyone lol
gotta love the snow! i cant see morethan 50 feet
nothing sucks morethan having somewhere to go and being snowed in!
gotta love being snowed in  damn it get the plows out here!
"love working 8am to 11am, 12pm to 315pm then 4pm to 10pm  this sucks!!!"
good times! had a few buddies over and watched a couple stunble out  lol  gotta love my friends! getting together again on fri let me know if you wanna join  starts at ten!
k so the party starts at 1130 tonight!
damn think i caught the flu again    puking for the last couple hours and running a temp of 103 2  sad  
im so out of it  the doc shot me up with novacain hehehe   
anyone up for watching stargate atlantis with me today?
so love vic but why does it get rid of all except headaches!?
"off to fox and hound in arlington heights for the singing competion, come one come all and join in! starts at 9pm"
