8588a7f6371b51fcb538da743d420915
"here's a shout out from buckeye boys state! gotta go, ive gotta get back to work or ill get sued again "
is back  let's get this party started right!
"dreamed i was black and slavery still existed, got shot and survived, and became a member of a ship's marching band "
sleep is for the dead and innocent 
"that's crazy  i had that song i've got a feelin that tonight's gonna be a good night or whatever it's called stuck in my head and when i started my car i hear \i've got a feelin\"" """
<propmale> state was amazing!
will be working tomorrow up in amish country 
lookin for a stereo  anyone know who's got the best selections?
it's my life it's now or never i ain't gonna live forever i just wanna live while i'm alive 
has 49 songs on his mp3    after two years
"wants to form a group for going to the fair, anyone interested?"
had homemade ice cream yesterday! heaven in a bowl
is going to the fair! call my cell if you wanna <propfemale> out  (740)297-3474
had a great time at the fair  college visits thursday and friday
back from toledo and bowling green  i liked the painted rock 
phone works again!
is anyone planning on wearing their senior shirt the first day? i don't want to be the only one who does and look like a loser 
"congrats class of 2010, today is the first day of our senior year!  laugh "
found my missing cds!
has sticky hair
isn't annoyed
"wow so as i was typing facebook's address i accidentally threw in an \i\"" and i wound up on a lesbian chat site  you really have to be careful what you type on the internet"""
"ignorance is bliss, and so is music  turn on your radio and get lost from time to time "
o-h-i-o!!!
one college application down!
less than 365 days till halloween!
i'm done with facebook
"if anyone is getting dumb notifications from me i dont know whats going on, im not doing it "
"when life gets too complicated, just try not thinking about it for awhile "
just posting an update to see how many comments i can get 
put a smile on
no one on earth has friends better then mine  all of you guys and girls are awesome and i thank god that all of you are in my life
is smiling 
april fool's day tomorrow   do i laugh maniacally or dread miserably? maybe i should flip a coin 
open invitation to clash of the titans at 1 surprise 5 tomorrow  <propfemale> out at my house afterward 
"hey everybody, just lettin you know i'm running for prom <propmale>!"
"shredding and burning my childhood playhouse tomorrow  im so sad  ha ha im just kidding, i never liked that thing much anyway  fire!"
i must confess i feel like a monster
this has been an awesome weekend 
rule #32: enjoy the little things 
"\did you know the brain keeps working for 7 minutes after the heart stops pumping? we've got 6 more minutes to play \"""""
i'm one happy guy  smile 
"graduation party = a <propmale> for your friends to eat your food, make a mess of your house, and keep your parents up all night with their noise   laugh  jk, i wouldn't trade it for anything in the world  except for maybe a lambourghini, man those things are sweeeeet! hey, why didn't anyone get me one of those for graduation?  smile "
lord of the rings with my girl  smile 
these next two weeks are going to suck 
axis and alllies: <propmale> vs  <propfirst>: <propmale> 0 - <propfirst> 1  i'm now one step closer to world domination!
really starting to miss <propfemale> 
woot! only a few more hours 
i dont wanna live i dont wanna breath unless i feel you next to me
tryin to think of new xbox gamertag 
hello again friend of a friend   
"first night at <propmale> state  my neighbor is <propfemale> <propfirst>, that was funny "
"\i'm weird and itchy\"" - alaina\",8588a7f6371b51fcb53 laugh a743d420915,done with first school day at <propmale>  still miss <propfemale> 
"japanese is awesome! still, if you've taken four years of japanese in high school you should not be in a beginner level japanese course in college and show off  seriously people, nobody is impressed "
first <propfemale> flashes football game today! you're goin down <propmale> state!
<propmale> state 41  <propmale> state weenies 10  boochakalaka
"oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day, i've got a beautiful feeling everything's going my way!"
good things i've done with a water balloon - help a priest baptize a baby 
sick on a monday  ugh 
comin home for the weekend and goin to the football game  hope to see you there!
left my laptop at home  i'm a smart cookie 
the world needs teleporters 
"yeah  sonic on the sega, awesome "
"-\so if you could be any animal what would you be?\""\",8588a7f6371b51fcb53 laugh a743d420915,had a false fire alarm at midnight    that sucked 
haunted house tonight!
at sonfest with my girlfriend!!!  laugh 
five feet in front of concert speakers  awesomeness 
"sonfest was awesome! group 1 crew, fireflight, hawk <propmale>, and thousand foot krutch = a good time "
"today was a good day, but tomorrow should be a great one "
awesome football game  well played <propmale> state  special props to the defense 
peanut butter is paste for a broken heart 
i lost the game  and so have you 
t-shirt weather!
happy halloween!
watchin the colts and texans in my room 
remember remember the 3rd of november 
"remember remember the 5th of november, the gunpowder treason and plot  i see no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot "
down with the patriots!!
got to paint the rock! woooooh!
"i've been counting the seconds till my x-box hard-drive would arrive in the mail which i thought would be today, and now i know i won't be getting it till probably after the weekend  there are no words for the disappointment  my unopened black ops is laughing at me from my shelf "
i'm requesting not to be asked about what happened 
the snow has begun  brace yourselves 
i swear i had icicles on my moustache after i went outside 
just found out my japanese final has been re-scheduled for next tuesday  a short christmas break just got shorter 
japanese final today  no amount of studying has given me any confidence 
yep  japanese final was hard  very hard 
why can't my history teacher ever pick essay requirements that are relevant to the topic?
chilling with friends after a long day of finals feels good 
"ugh, up at 6:40 for an exam "
watched miracle on the 34th street with my mom  i love christmas traditions  smile  
it's a complicated world we live in 
i made it halfway through the day before i realized it was christmas <propfemale> 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
"i can't order my textbooks because it says my password is incorrect, and when i try to create a new account it says my username is taken, and around and around we go "
put the cookie down!
"most awkward hair cut ever  the 60 something year old barber talked about where some good strip clubs were, the time he went to a lesbian bar, and when and where were good places to go partying "
