e9e33afcb510e6f09b2725b3396aa370
misses so many people right now!
is back from texas  missing <propfirst> but excited for the future 
can't sleep 
<propfirst> is the best     fyi  smile 
the homework never ends
camerons home!!!!!!
didn't go to lab today but was able to do it on my own anyways! yay for awesome search engine skills!
thinks she needs to seriously reconsider her sleep schedule 
"idk if its because its an all online class schedule, or if its because the classes im taking are really really interesting    but i am actually really excited for my last semester! fingers crossed i can do as good in the classes as i think i can right now  smile "
o i hate when <propfirst> leaves  sad  
finally had a good day!
what a day! i feel so grown up     i think it's the heels  smile 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name as a comment "
just deleted her myspace  and is surprised how good that felt  smile 
"if it weren't for the whole \food chain\"" thing i'd say we should make fleas go extinct """
would seriously like to yell at the dummmbbbbbbbb people i get stuck dealing with this week 
i really need better sleeping habits!
"yipes    last minute papers are the worst idea ever, why do i always end up waiting? procrastination wins again!"
only 4 more days until ur taxes are due! and that means 4 more days of me having a job lol 
clean house finally!
"oh how i did not miss the joy of applying for jobs! o well, at least if i can be aggressive and get something soon i can stop stressing out!"
lmao     if  my world could get any stranger i almost want to dare it to because it almost seems impossible at this point 
sitting in the philadelphia terminal    leaving cam but going home to my babies     what a week 
"wow that was the flight from hell    bitchy flight attendants, screwed up airline that decided to redirect my flight to lax midflight for no reason    and here i am stranded in <propmale> for the night  o well    was hoping for a good nights sleep at home but i guess hotel will do blah  home tomorrow!!!!"
has quite a lot to get done tomorrow    yay for caffeine!
awww    long crappy day  little sister just got out of surgery from breaking the neck of her femur    poor baby  she's excited that she gets out of school for a week or so  shes a champ for sure 
literally just finished college  smile 
"not ready to count any chickens, but i do think today was a good day  smile "
really wishes she had a bbq!
"is loving the sunshine, but just realized     its spider season again  sad "
"gonna go for a drive, just need to get out of the house  smile "
"doesn't have anything nice to say, so i suppose i'll say nothing at all "
i think i can start counting my chickens now  smile 
"last week i had to restore my laptop to factory defaults    a pain in the ass and  a lot of time spent w on the phone but done and over right? nooo  annoyed  apparently my power supply whatever is broken, it wont turn on  sending it in since its covered under warranty except i have to pay for shipping n wait for the 7-10 business day for them to fix it, then send it back  o well    new job! can't have it all all the time  smile "
"a whole day to myself with nothing to do  smile   i suppose i'll just relax, maybe a little grocery shopping or gym, unless anyone has a better idea  smile  lol"
is wide awake  annoyed 
tomorrow     i work! chickens offically counted!
"wow, i really hope there's a mechanic who will be open tomorrow and can get my car fixed before monday  lesson learned    regular maintence saves in the long run lol  for now, a glass of wine to unwind "
"is having a good, but busy day "
"had a wonderful time at ashleys wedding! also, had a fantastic time with jenn on her birthday last night, such a fantastic time that i am temporarily phone-less  sorry if i dont txt back  smile "
"well i wont go as so far to say this was the worst morning ever, but it was really really really super unpleasant and i'm not gonna lie    i had a tissy fit  stupid car  work!"
missing my <propfirst> a whole stinking lot today 
he's home  smile 
really wants sushi right now    but sadly none for me lol
wants to be home
me oh my what a weekend! thankful for a whole sat sun with no work    got a new car tho!
i don't think i quite know the word for it   
so close to  day off i cant stand it!
"when it rains, it pours "
pretty sure this day is about as opposite of having a day off as it could possibly be  8am meeting     now an 1 hr wait to have a 15 <propfemale> conversation     blah 
"blows me away how much, and how fast, someone can completely change "
is having the best day shes had in a very long time  smile 
time for a bbq and a nice night with my guy  so excited to have the next 43 5 hours straight off lol
"weekend is officially over, back to work  sad "
happy birthday <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
hates when my phone charger hides from me lol
what to do for my birthday     what to do     smile 
let's play the number game  smile  send me a message in my inbox  and i'll write about you and post it as my status
"attn friends: looking for a guy to fill a room in a house, total rent including utilities and cable $395  in battle ground near bghs   if you, or anyone you know may be interested, msg me!"
cousins are the 1st friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins    even if you don't talk much lately     re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world
"as much as i hated learning excel for my research stats classes, it sure is helpful when organizing finances!"
"kind of fun--\\dear fb friends,\comment on this status  tell me about how you met me, but i want you to lie  that's right  just make it up    be creative, dear friends!! after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same   "
what an amazing feeling to know that ur finally walking on the right path  smile 
"i think this is the first time ive ever gone to work at midnight, and it feels verryyy strange lol "
