674aae741490f6249cebbceb2a6548fe
loves pizza
thanks friends i had a nice bday  now its my moms haha
a or b day tomorrow?
going over to my <propmale>'s house to kick it sober style yall  smile 
mentally preparing myself to write an essay   woo
this snow is really putting a damper on my dizzay   
math makes me vewy tireddd  sad 
having a bad week   oh wait nobody cares like usual  going to go get more prom pictures and actually do my laundry haha  i get to sleep in tomorrow  smile 
very happy & stressfree  love it when life works out that way  taken my car in tomorrow to fix my ghetto bumper  playful 
law and order  and other stupid things on my mind that won't go 
don't forget to wear sunscreen   and bring a towel
6 days left smile 
so happy 1 more day! to celebrate   im makin booberry muffins
shish kabobs on a boat!
i still don't know how to work facebook  it kinda sucks  brawlll studios tonight for a local show 5$ come check it out
dippin dots and pepsi for breakfast   yummy 
i wanna rent a movie  any suggestions?
lazyyy  
wants to do something different with muh hur    something crazy 
come visit me at the zoooo ride the carosel!!
can't sleep  work tomorrow  in an awesome mood right now 
i wish more than anything that i could stay optimistic   sad 
feels like doing something! what's everybody up to tonight?
man is his own worst enemy 
666
cutting <propmale>'s hair today! will post some pictures later  smile 
zooin it up 
going to see a movie  who's seen any good ones?
sushi 
seeing lots of family this week  gotta get my happy face on
going to lunch with my grandma and great grandpa   but when i'm done with that who wants to come with me to get shoezzz? let's get some shoes omg  shoes 
words can't describe 
naps with my kittyyyyyyyy 
"<propfemale> is not a virtue, its a waste of time!"
a or b day?
text me if you have my numbaa  love 
cars been leaking transmission fluid    awesome 
"i love how music can trigger a moment and feeling from your memories and how vivid it is, best feeling ever "
just got home from work  the zoo had an event and everybody who was invited got free everything and i was the girl who picked up after them! labors the best   playful 
ehhhh sick with the coldness  makin steak and corn   yummeh 
iceberg milkshakes are too good  
i love finding bills in my pockets when i'm about to do laundry  smile 
1230 wakin  bacon  eggs  toast 
happy birthday dad smile 
"i can feel my fingers again, kneecaps are still thawing  and btw soren you flicked your blood on my pants!"
poppin bottles in the ice   like a blizzard
wants hot cocoa and little marshmellows while jacuzzing in the snow 
i'm heartless 
stressed and exhausted  i feel like sleeping for a month   annoyed  life sucks right now 
what is the purpose of an alarm that doesn't go off when you need it to?!! grr  
$$ in the bank 
taurine + ginseng + caffeine + taurine + l carnitine equals
someone come over and make french toast 
o yes its ladies night 
no work today hoorayyyy smile 
"ill be up up and away cause they gonna judge me anyway\so whatevaa"
cat naps suck 
 sad  being dependent sucks 
 smile  only a few more hours till i can say tgiff!!
"i can't decide whether this weekend was good or one of the worst weekends ever \i'd say worst weekend ever considering hundreds of dollars of electronics got stolen from me  bummer  sad "
send me your <propfirst>
"when i think things can't get any worse for me, things go down at the perfect time "
"if africa had a zoo   what animals would be in it?\hahaha"
weekend starts now  smile 
yeahh girl its on you know what it is when i finally make it home i just home that you miss me a little when im gone 
"hey everybody i know text call me!\3218557 "
screw this im blowin money 
"got a new phone, same number  if you have it text me! i need <propfirst>!!"
i swear dreams tell the future in some weird psychological way  or just predict decisions youre going to make 
wants to catch some zzzz's
"it's officially never going to be warm again for 5 more months   \ sad "
naps 
prestons birthday party tonight! happy b-day dr  p!
bad luck follows me everywhere i go  this life is a bitch 
i just realized that all the ties are cut 
"you said you always wanted flowers, so i brought you flowers for your grave!"
blueberry yum yum  smile 
cozying up by the fire place    ahh smile 
i'm thankful that i get to eat like a <propmale> and spend this day with amazing people  happy thanksgiving to my family and friends i hope all is well!
"can't trust anybody, not even people i've known for years \disrespectful pricks "
& they follow me anywhere that my plane go  
i need an east boise friend to go on an adventure with me sad 
who wants to match?
i walk up in the world and cut the lights off 
i want to become an avid lucid dreamer 
pringles    love 
"3- i don't even know how we met but somehow we've stuck together throughout these couple years  you're hella laid back and awesome to chill with, i miss landons victorian and all the crazy shit that went down there  all that comes to my memory is fun times with you, and you're a lucky bastard i'm playin this stupid game! but in my opinion you're worth it  smile "
tomorrow will be a success smile  workin on my boardin skills!
"i hate how there's absolutely no privacy on facebook  everything's announced to everybody, a stalkers dream come true "
gettin a condo at bogus for my b-day! so excited!
yelsnia redirg 
flower tattoos are extremely unoriginal 
"what would you rather have  \your own identity or to be accepted?"
i had a dream that i was training to become one of santas elves   
i'm the dude playin the dude disguised as another dude 
spending all day in the kitchen makin cookies
it's been such a good christmas <propfemale>!  smile 
my <propfemale> is blue!  smile 
hittin the mountain before i leave today smile 
road trippin
pomerelle snow definitely beats bogus 
can't wait for new years <propfemale>  smile  then my bday is the next day whaddup biatch
friends of mine what's the word about tomorrow night? hit up my mobile!
"new years resolution: be true to myself and don't let people get me down, life goes on  cheers!! hopefully everybody had a great year love to my family and friends"
"one you never heard of i, push it hard to further the grind i feel like murder but, hip hop has saved my life"
hates driving all day!
sick of bad habits  sad  they're pesky 
"do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others  he who envies others does not obtain peace of mind  \-buddha"
"if colds were a person, id massacre it into small pieces and mail them to everybody i hate "
"after watching precious, i can't eat fried chicken   "
never take intro to law
ooo i gotta date tonight!
cupcake wars!
"i wouldn't touch you with a 39 1 2 inch pole   you're a three decker sauerkraut and toadstool sandwich, with arsenic sauce!"
finally made it to 420 friends  smile 
let's rock this boat!  smile 
there's a show about who can be the best drag <propfemale>? whaaat???
"about to get <propmale> or die tryin', see you on the flip side"
"falling asleep to minus the bear, oh how much i've missed you"
you be hatin and i see why cause you dont know me
metalocalypse 
"somebody sell me their ipod, srsly"
who wants to move to california
"i would die for my cat, period "
"hey, stay <propfemale> "
wants to go to bogus!  sad 
a bike ride sounds proficient for an evening like so 
getting my phone turned back on smile  text me! let's go to the mtn this week?!
somebody message me the turnitin com username password!
the weirdest feeling ever is when you zone out so bad it's like your body is vacant and your mind is hangin' in mid air   
i hope my <propfemale> comes home sad 
i love it when pessimism doesn't ruin my day smile 
fact: little ceasers sucks 
"the view from my window consists of: foothills that normally go on for days, but since they clouds are so low you can barely see past them \i love it  smile "
wishes every question had a simple answer  annoyed 
"i'm blowin up like you thought i would\call the crib, same number same hood\its all good"
"doesn't it suck when you have a dream about it being summer already and you wake up to realize its 6 in the morning and you have to go to school? lemme tell ya, <propmale> let down "
"goin back to honollulu just to get that, that mauii wauiiiiii"
