eb1a5597e30a73b0d15452cdd74816f0
got to feel an earthquake today  laugh  teh days keep getting more exciting
omehgawdzomgwtbbfq i saw a dead guy the other day   he was trying to cross the highway during rush hour and got hit   blood was leaking from his head d:
is stil having fun
"i saw transformers 2 last night, 2 days before it comes out in the us   it was in spanish      "
i saw murder scene last night
will be back home from guatemala in about 26 hours or so
it's nice to be back home   sleeping in my own house bed
"is balln, throw'n money round"
if i could move a few packs i get the hat now that'd be dope
wishes he were black some days   but only some
"and if my thought-dreams could be seen they'd probably put my head in a guillotine but it's alright, <propfemale>, it's life, and life only"
is gonna rock it til the wheels fall off
ha   mistakes do go away 
"- one can dream, right?"
is gonna wait to see how things play out
you be good to me oh i'll be good to you and we'll both ride home in my automobile - eazy e
knowin' nutin in life but to be legit'
has three little birds by his doorstep
can check off the box for ps3
is up to no good
pulled a stupid move
woo! new phone to mess around with for next couple weeks
is feeling lucky today
all these cars end up on the sidewalk  people in every direction no words exchanged no time to exchange
bendecido con suerte
chilln in a tropical climate with no worries
going to the biggest mall in central <propfemale> and visiting mayan temples   being in guatemala is tough work
"im back, but dont plan on seeing me tomorrow"
feeling a lot better and excited to return  'cept all the work that ill have waiting for me 
"you're done, <propfemale>! you're done!"
<propfirst> was never in charge 
gonna create a masterpiece
"my weariness amazes me, i’m branded on my feet, i have no one to meet, and the ancient empty street’s too dead for dreaming"
is bein' a g 'n stuff
has his drink and his two step
"as i raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the <propfemale>, the stars begin to fall "
"gonna ask the dust for any answers, and come back strong with 50 belly dancers"
i hate <propfirst> party 7 more than anything
not gonna limit myself to what's infront of me
i hate chemistry with all of my soul       
i'm going to chicago!
the school feels empty d:
im a real senior now
"ugh! vbs music stuck on \repeat\"" in my head!"""
"if anyone wants to buy a wii, let me know! i'm offering a really good deal "
stupid lakers     
deathly hallows was incredible!
chill'n in downtown chicago
modest mouse was awesome!
- god's voice thunders in marvelous ways; he does great things beyond our understanding  job 37:5
goodbye hair d:
valley fair tomorrow!
today’s agenda: delve further into my ap euro history book d:
i start my senior year of high school tomorrow??
school year wake up schedule is hitting hard
hmm  four day weekend that i wont even be able to enjoy due to an excess of homework  annoyed 
three letters: dbz
"to do list: play reach, play reach, watch dbz, finish senior shirt, play reach, read my book  but there's ap euro blocking these ambitions "
"yeah, im outta shape right now"
freeline skates on the way!
"we hold to higher standards  not for our <propfemale>, but for god’s"
"off to a \college visit\"" tomorrow """
these things are bomb
what a great day 
i will forever remember baking cookies with <propfirst> eggers!
b-dubs tastes so much better in minnesota
"geese, why dont you stay a little longer? im not ready for you to leave "
so   i have a construction cone in the trunk of my car  who could have done such a thing?
is about to embark on a journey called fable 3 one day before everyone else
this snow   it makes me want to cry 
jksljfdosidfjsldif             poop
a 3rd visit to the u of m?? you better believe it!
counting down to hp!
i hate these physics modules 
guess who got their <propmale> potter ticket!
i got a new puppy!
in the grand scheme of things   all these tests and projects don't matter 
"i want all this snow, all of it, every last flake to melt now "
"what happens when pinocchio says, \my nose will grow now\""? think about that for awhile """
i'm thankful that i have things to be thankful for 
procrastina     
no i was not up until 12:45 working on pod -- who am i trying to kid?
do people want me to bring in good speakers for our hymn presentations?
"physics, pod paper, aaaand ap eruo all done in one night? this is unheard of "
mlib
seven is better than one
so   much   physics
thank you <propfirst> lutz for introducing me to knds radio 
"please, not another stoplight on my way to school  sad "
that's what i live for 
i put my soul in what i do 
"i'm struggling to even open up my ap euro book to study, let alone read it"
kindergarten et tomorrow! followed by a physics test that will more than likely destroy me  creates a nice ballance to my morning 
"it's been a lot of fun so far, and there's a lot of life yet to live "
stumble upon vs  studying for physics   wonder who's gonna win that fight 
today has been freaking awesome 
"wake up early tomorrow morning, serve breakfast with my friends thus finishing 80 hours of bible practicum  righteous"
"that was one crrrrraaaazy \senior night\"" """
"sure i'm coughing up a lung over here, but a <propmale> potter marathon makes everything seem a little bit better "
the beautiful sound of thunder   
"i need some drawing ideas  if you give me an idea i like, i might attempt to draw it for you "
weird day today   weird day   
"burger <propmale>'s 20 piece chicken tenders   yeah, awful idea  never again "
saved a few houses from destruction today   just a day in the life of a fm citizen  what of it?
"dear 8th grade danny,\thank you for asking me those questions  life goes by fast"
"i just got paid to throw books and files out a three story building window for two hours  yes, it was as awesome as it sounds "
"oh, what to do on a night such as this one?"
alienware laptop graduation gift: check
bring it on bible prac papers 
i've never hated cats more in my life     
80 hours and 5 papers later  i think i finished bible practicum  overall - good e playful erience 
intense studying for ap euro exam for the next two days d:
"hey everyone, a handful of my friends and i have our big ap european history exam tomorrow  we could use some prayer  it would be much appreciated "
"after that exam, i am now 95% checked out for the remainder of the school year"
this cat is the bane of my existence
"i hope they're all ready to lose to the \sophmore girls\"" dodgeball team """
shadiest thing i have ever seen with my own two eyes     
my god is crazy   in a good way 
here's to my last week of high school 
here's to my last day of high school 
"what an exciting first day of summer  open houses, pie, played outside with the guys, went swimming, dairy <propfemale>, a tornado warning, and it was all wrapped up with a movie with the bro "
finally   my house is back together 
feels good to start drawing again 
here's to every father that deserves to be called a father 
got my <propmale> potter ticket and a slytherin shirt today  and the countdown begins     
skype: danny_kvale
wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning 
i hurt   this sucks
anyone wanna come visit me on this beautiful day?
"\let me forget about today until tomorrow\"""""
104 hours and 40 minutes to go 
"3 days, 5 minutes"
"50 hours, 30 minutes "
23 hours
"from \the boy who lived\"" to \""the flaw in the plan\""     """
"skating along on the wet streets, do a powerslide (a nice one i might add), left skate goes out from underneath my foot, 100% of my weight on my left arm as it meets the ground, pop, dislocated shoulder, 2 hours in the er, and all i can say is i can't wait to get back on my freelines "
"why yes, i did just go for a skate with my arm in a sling "
i guess i'm getting one of them job things 
feels like i met up with a friend i haven't seen in the past three months 
nothin like a fresh pair of chucks 
"i can't believe i get paid to help kids across the monkey bars, put band aids on, and make paper \blue angel\"" airplanes """
air show!
"\i live on the corner of grey street and the end of the world\"""""
just ordered some red freeline wheels 
so i guess i start this college gig tomorrow or something 
clap once if you see me  clap twice if you hear me  three times if you feel me 
lets color the city 
i just want the ups man to come   
wish granted  helloooo red wheels 
"why yes, i will change your status smile  much love, <propfemale> <propfemale> mikkelsen "
ssbm  gonna get my wavedash on with <propfirst> condon and <propmale> mccrary
i'm so bored i could go on facebook   
rub'n shoulders with the president  president maahs that is 
smash club   
"\let me forget about today until tomorrow\"""""
grrr   my edge guard ripped before winter got here 
dannii herrick is awesome!!
gonna get my hypno on 
lets start october the right way tonight 
weird     
i need to stop putting in so many long hours on campus 
i just want to skate with this wind forever and then call someone to pick me up 
"humming ssbm menu music while packing the cube   yup, there's smash club tonight "
"i'm over the \college high\""  school sucks again """
"i didn't have my fm transmitter in my car today, so i listened to the radio  yeah  never again "
really hating design class right now 
estoy cansado 
friday 
a day full of bison sports with <propfirst> <propfemale> pfingsten and chilling with <propmale> ekdom on the side  a fun filled saturday 
how 'bout them dragons?
