eb87e6fb044947cefeb2cf364659586f
missing life in <propmale> and afraid of what the future down here in san <propmale> holds   
getting ready to go kayaking at mission bay
time to go kayaking at la jolla sea caves this time
back from the beach and really really  missing my man 
i make awesome boozie smoothiez!! haha
one week til i visit oregon! anyone miss me?lol
"again, i tried, and again i failed  but for some reason this time felt different, in a good way "
sleepy sleepy     speech and psychology tomorrow  college is fun lol
   why oh why does my mouth hurt so much?   oh yeah i'm a wuss  lol  and i'm low on vicodin 
so happy that i get to be here with my favorite person
moo
f#$k
sleep     smile 
sleep   oh how i wish you could come to me 
too much on my mind i don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight  
why do the nice guys have to be so annoying? i don't know why but they always get on my nerves after awhile  lol
just got back from seeing brothers  i can't remember the last time i've seen a movie so depressing  but it was really good 
good morning  smile  time to get ready for class  sad  lol
"kinda sleepy, time for swimming  lol"
"it's 6 smile 0am, time to go swimming  smile "
hmm   7 days until my birthday  woohoo
night night  gotta get up early for swimming  *sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy*zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
done uploading peektures  time 2 catch some zzz's 
boredom   i'm gonna go play on the wii for a bit  and maybe eat something too  lol
its like a freakin monsoon outside my house  no me gusta la lluvia 
"just watched a movie called pathology  very interesting, twisted and very very gruesome "
night!!!
bed time! lol  gotta be u0p at 6 and in the pool at 7   laugh   zzzzzz    
well the pool sure was refreshing(cold) this morning! lol  and we started doing breastroke today  i am sooooo sore 
i found a hard lump on the side my skull that feels like extra bone or something weird and i have no idea what it is  woohoo!
zzzzzzzz    
what do you do say when someone apologizes to you?  deflect it? approve it? counter-apologize? ignore it?  refuse it?
bed   i'm not tired but i have to get up early  so goodnight everyone and sweet dreams
yay daylight saving time  lol  gotta love it  
time for humanities!
off to pick up mi madre from her work   woohoo
"baby is a bad boy with some retro sneakers let's go see the killers and make out in the bleachers  i like you a lot lot, think you're really hot hot  laugh "
time for the zoo with my mom sister and sis's significant other  woohoo
"she's got you high and you don't even know yet  the sun's in the sky, it makes for happy endings  you can't deny you want a happy ending "
bummed out  today's been crap so far
hmm   i need to download some music  i'm tired of the stuff i have  anybody got ideas?
topeka? lol
just got back from seeing clash of the titans  laugh 
time for swimming   so sleeeepy 
oddly energized  swimming in the rain = my new favorite
i  love  swimming in the rain
i smell like a swimming pool  time for a shower  lol  damn chlorine 
sleepy sleepy sleepy
just found out my grandma <propfemale> has liver cancer and doesnt have much time left  so i'm going up to oregon in the next week or two to see her  she's the only grandma i have left      love 
"going to bed, probably won't get much sleep tonight "
majorly bummed out  i need to get my mind off everything thats been going on 
just watched pirate radio  made my night  along with my <propfemale> dr  pepper and rum  yup  don't drink kids its bad for you  lol 
hmm 2:45 i should probably go to bed  
i'll be in oregon the 24th-27th
time to go swimming!!!
time for sociology  2 more days til or 
"sleep, gotta be at the airport at 615am woohoo "
i'm awake i'm awake i'm awake  lol  time to go to the airport 
just got on the plane  and now i await takeoff 
the seattle airport is so booring  cant wait til i board in an hour and finally get to portland
goin back to cali tonight  i dont wanna leave  sad 
"a unicorn isn't a unicorn, it's a donkey with a plunger stuck to its face! (haha, i love house)"
9 out of 18 done  only a couple more hours and hopefully ill be finished with this stupid project 
almost there!!! my eyes are so dry 
time to go find a mothers day gift for my mom 
sociology final in about an hour  woohoo
sofreakinbored    
had an awesome day!!!  smile  now time for sleep
my zune officially doesn't work anymore  sad 
boredom   going crazy
and now i must sleep
(july third)   mark it on your calenders ppl  that's when i'll be in oregon   laugh 
"bored, probably gonna go read a book or exercise, or both  might go to the pool after, who knows "
"of all of our losses, time is the most \irrecuperable, for it can never be redeemed "
can't sleep
"gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant  but it's\ very important that you do it  i tend to agree with the first part "
wax on  wax off 
2 more days til i head to oregon!!! woohoo  laugh 
less than 24 hrs til the road trip to or starts!!!  smile 
"made it into oregon early this morning  went to parade in hillsboro, and now staying the next night or two in fairview  may go camping from the 5th-7th and then off to mcminnville for the remaining days of my visit  woohoo  (i'll be here until about the 14th)"
i'm gonna soak those potty fingers in soap  
"in fairview for a few more hours, and then off to mcminnville   hopefully"
i hate allergies!!!
done registering for my fall classes  that was a pain in the butt 
a rainbow toga and awesome club! this is gonna be an amazing night!
"yay!! i can officially drive a stick, and quite well  so far  lol  i love my new car  pics up soon  smile "
<propfirst> is most definitely the most awesomest person ever!  smile 
so happy happy happy  smile 
"back in san <propmale>!! had an awesome weekend with my bestie  i'm glad she came with on the road trip down and stayed for a couple days, and now shes on a plane back to oregon  overall amazing vacation  missing my man a lot  love "
missing them  love 
"time for bed   \i miss my <propfirst> <propfirst> and my linzypoo  sad "
nighty night 
missing my bestie and my man  
"baby goodnight    simple words, but they mean a lot to me  that's as good as a goodnight can be    love "
"well, i survived my first day of the fall semester woohoo  "
"it’s been so long now\\ since i gave up my heart\\ i’ve kept it locked down\\i don’t wanna get it harmed\\so let me tell you now\i just want to be sure\\that you won’t hurt me\\can you promise me that?\\ love  love  love \\   because i’m falling in love again\\ ain’t nothing i can do\\ falling in love again \\this time it’s with you\\when i fall\it’s always the same  \\ and i’m so tired\of playing this game oh  \ love  love  love "
"one class left for the day from 1245-1410,  and then my weekend shall begin!  laugh "
"had a goodnight overall, but i'm really missing my man  its not the same w o him   love "
"it sucks bein here now, i'm so alone all of the time and even when i'm not all i can think about is how much i miss it in oregon  the people the place, everything   "
yay for 4 day weekends! and homework! lol
lonely road---everlast  good song 
"nice day out, lots of homework, and no motivation to do it "
goodnight my loves
"little lion man by mumford and sons, can't get it out of my head  lol"
so close to finishing my outfit for the nocturnal festival!!!
"wish i could go back to this weekend, everything was so much better!!"
"one more <propmale>, don't screw it up"
"so bored  nothing to do, nowhere to go  sad day "
"laser tag was awesome tonight, even though i sucked  lol  now i must sleep "
"this, was broken from the start\the blueprint had no art\the architect of love \does not remember us   "
"had a fun weekend and now i'm sick, this sucks "
so tired of being sick   
sister is at the airport getting picked up by the fam  the next 2 weeks with her shall be very interesting  i hope i don't go crazy!
"oh humanities, why must i have your midterm tomorrow!?"
"bored bored bored    what to do what to do   hmmm   \lol"
mmm poptart
"if someone came and saved me from my boredom right now, i would be eternally grateful  lol"
4 more days til oregon
"leaving tomorrow to go to or for a week  i hate packing, because i always try to bring more than what can actually fit into my bag  lol "
"finished packing and got my bag zipped shut, barely going for coffee w  my mom and then off to the airport you have all been warned, here i come  and as for everyone down here in cali, i'll be back next friday night  smile "
made it to oregon alright  watched captain <propmale> last night  trying to figure out what to do today! lol
"missing someone lots, but i'm still having an awesome time up in oregon, minus the dentist part  gonna have a girls night with my bestie  smile "
extremely tired of immature drama and bs  so i'm just going to spend the rest of my trip with family 
happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
"happy happy happy, i just found my ring that i lost like 2 years ago!!!"
cosmic bowling tonight can't wait! lol
"<propfemale> christmas to all my awesome friends and family  smile  hope your day has been amazing, i know mine has  laugh "
almost done with laundry! it's taken almost all day  lol 
"camping tomorrow! i\m so excited  laugh """
"had an awesome camping trip with the boyfriend, but i'm glad to be back home  smile "
"lost my cell phone a few hours ago, this sucks "
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!  love 
"just got my replacement phone  please send me your phone <propfirst>, because i don't have anyone's anymore "
please send me your phone <propfirst> everyone  i dont have any anymore 
still in need of everyone's phone <propfirst>  i have about 7 now  come on ppl  lol
"thank you everyone, i had an awesome birthday  smile "
oohhhhh just got a rebuttle!!!!! wish me luck!
"can't wait til tuesday when we get internet at the new place, tired of coming to the old place to do online homework  lol"
finally uploaded some new pics  woohoo 
