dd1716ac5cddd3dbd6cf7e1eb574cf1a
"woke up quick at about noon, just thought that i had to be in compton soon   i gotta drunk before they day begins, before my mother starts bitchin' about my friends "
is walkin' it out with j-dubs   
's summer is over 
peachtree tavern tonight
"individually wrapped, placed in neat little rows, becoming a piece of everything that grows, some <propfirst>, a name, to indicate you played the game, came empty handed and left the same "
if there’s one thing i hate; it’s losing  if there’s two things i hate; it’s losing and getting cancer 
"\no eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn\"" -<propmale> morrisson"""
"woke up quick at about noon, just thought that i had to be in compton soon  i gotta get drunk before the day begins, before my mother starts bitching about my friends   "
listen here you beautiful bitch im about to fuck you up with some truth!
"all of a sudden, i realized something; the weather is amazing, even the birds are bumping    everyday that gets to pass is a success, and every woman looks better in a sundress "
yesterday    craziest day ever 
"and when i let them <propfemale> me to a cemetery, i want to be buried with a pocket full of clarity "
"love your life, quite cliche, but i guess thats me: a ball of pop culture with some arms and feet "
"it doesn't take much and thats messed up, because these people do a lot of simple shit to impress us   while everyone was trying to out do the next man, i was just a ghost trying to catch some ms  pacman "
is mississippi state game 
if i keep having these kinds of weekends i'm absolutely gonna die
hell yeah twins
what?!
minnesota sports are hurting my academics
all i gotta say is i better make a fuck ton of money when i get out of this fucking place
the only guarantee in life is a life worth dying for
"sleep all day, sleep all night, thats the life of a go getta "
is calling kangaroo court   and what about steroids?  can we please talk about steroids!  they're ruining the game!
i wear my scars like the rings on a pimp   i live life like the captain of a sinking ship 
"life, love, stress and set backs    for those trying to breathe, show me where your heads at "
studying diff eq in the library is la place to be 
"anyone who wants to be a can't-hack-it pantywaist who wears their mama's bra, raise your hand "
"and since i made it here, i can make it anywhere, yeah they love me everywhere"
diff eq test motha fucka
whats the point
"<propfirst> \rainman\"" barazesh says show yo moves"""
is <propfirst>'s complete lack of motivation 
was there like a football game tonight or something?
"and if she has the nerve to let me drop a couple last words, imma turn to the earth and scream love your life"
bring a knife to a gun fight   stab them while they're laughing 
if you know this is where you wanna raise your kids say shhhhhhhhhhhh
happy belated birthday <propfirst>   you are missed 
"now a question of etiquette; as i pass, do i give her the ass or the crotch   ?"
"the world is yours and everything in it, its out there get on your grind and get it"
12-20 inches by christmas day    white christmas maybe?
you can't imagine how much fun we're having
"i shot a warhol dead with my pistol, when the wind hit the hole in the canvas it whistled   "
"everyday that gets to pass is a success, and every woman looks better in a sundress   "
a tech professor stabbed by a student with a samurai sword?  only at tech 
"embellished with talent, and the wisdom not to abuse it   blessed with insight, friends and influences   thats what keeps us dope, what makes us dope is the surroundings   inspiration stems from love and stress compounding "
"no longer worried about health or wealth, a superhero's true weakness is themself   i need to lower my e playful ectation    hey yo man, you got 35 cents?"
"while everyone was trying to out-do the last man, i was just a ghost trying to catch some ms  pacman "
"well okay it's settled, no more nights in this weed and thorn infested meadow   uh uh from this day forth, only forward i'll pedal   get the memo, i'm cutting the strings geppetto!"
i'd like to apologize to the 25 different people my phone called last night between 2 and 5 am last night   i really hope none of you were woken 
the sky presents an eternally unfolding spectacle: one moment puffs of cumulous clouds slither across it  and next a billowing thunderhead  perhaps 10 <propmale> high looms over the horizon  probing the structure of the sky    why try?
i'm pretty sure i have insomnia
things are good
hurricane martiny   how are the levies new orleans?
"and if i did have a choice i'd never wanna live forever, just let me have a voice so i can make my points  i cant imagine running a race with no finish line,  just let me keep my pace and make the most of my time "
<propmale> folds is the single greatest performer i have ever seen 
fuck engineering lets get drunk
you cant achieve your goals if you don't take that <propmale>    so go pry open that trunk and get those amps!
"they want us to fight, but we just wanna get high, work all day, all night, trying to get fly  when i get some money imma buy me some time, i can't fight your war til i'm finished with mine   "
live life for the story  live life for the guests at your funeral  live life for the number of people who will know your name 
a little bit of lightning never hurt anybody    let's get fucked up!
brogan is going home with a piece of the agrocrag
gt v  uga @ turner  lets hope for no rain and another blow out
"life, love, stress and setbacks; for those tryin' to breath show me where your heads at!"
"life, love, stress and setbacks; for those tryin' to breath show me where your heads at!"
"if my situation ain't impovin, imma murder everything movin"
"<propfemale> tech, you should have at least taken me out to dinner first   "
"prairadise for a week then off to metz, <propfemale>"
"delicious beer, easy classes and european women    yeah, its gonna be a good summer "
munich by morning and drunk by dinner!
"munich, you live like i party and i applaud you for it "
"munich, it was fun   prague, you've got some big shoes to fill   "
you never <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>   jw <propmale>s you    but he only walks 
in soviet slovakia car drives you!
"metz: check \munich: check \prague: czech "
get it to-get-her
"<propmale> diving and club hopping in barcelona? sure, why not "
"i don't think i will be able to top this summer   ever   \\and its only three trips in "
gonna be a brand-name day once the rain is finished
"next weekend: a little bit of this    \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=kpd3layzqsg&feature=player_embedded\\and a little bit of this    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=uafg4lxiyuq&nr=1"
what tools should i get in my swiss army knife?
so now heights no longer bother me   one step closer to fearlessness 
nice and monaco: where ferraris are toyota camerys 
up 80 at the <propmale> <propmale>  nothing like smoking a cohiba and roulette at the <propmale> <propmale> to make you feel like a baller 
scuba in the mediteranean
if you want me you can find me you can find me in the a!
<propfemale>!
"prof  stoneman, i eat big macs for the taste  because they are delicious "
"i took a coma, 20 hours   about 20 hours   thats a great coma   thats a good coma "
you can't imagine how much fun we're having
sorry <propfemale> and lbat
"\got to change my way of living   got to change my style     <propfemale> me home \"""""
"when life gives you lemons, you paint that shit gold"
when i leave this country i'm never eating another baguette again   i dont understand how anybody could enjoy these awful things
love parade? fuck that
i have a great fucking life  thank you to everyone who has helped me arrive at this conclusion 
its been one hell of a summer
what have i learned about life this summer?  never tie your shoes   it could cost you your life 
i would be so much more upset about missing shark week if hey <propmale>! weren't such a great show   
party at resam   were gonna break some windows   come join the festivities and bring your own booze 
"finally heading back to the land of freedom, fast food, free refills, the invention of flight, the automobile, the atomic bomb, the personal computer, the internet, the conquerers of nazis, and the american dream "
prairadise
welfare and moondogs tonight
"zero girls in my ic engines class   yup, i'm back at tech   "
28 pledges    its gonna be a good year   what up top tke!
<propfirst> <propfirst>
whats with all the helicopters?
"embellished with talent and the wisdom not to abuse it  blessed with insights, friends and influences  that's what keeps us dope; what makes us dope is our surroundings  inspiration stems from love and stress compounding "
8 hours til game time   skol vikings!
"tke football, pledge football, vikings football    its gonna be a full night"
"he knew he wasn't perfect, but he always did his best to try get under the surface   not a saint not a serpent, he just wanted everyone to be impressed with him as a person "
"everyday can't be the best day,\do what you can right now, don't hesitate,\that's why we try to make love and get paid,\take the bad with the good, now let's play "
fall break on bourbon street!
it's christmas-tree-building season
polar beach weekend  you ain't seen nothing yet 
generic status about <propmale> potter
let's hope i don't miss my flight home
minnesnowta!
the cabins were insane!  what a great weekend before 2 weeks of uninterrupted studying
"its gonna be a brand name day once the rain is finished, you know"
one last final: internal combustion engines   this is gonna be fun   
rise up    and take the bull by the horns!
five semesters in a row really is too much 
disney world
<propfemale> 2k11!!!
"<propfemale> was insane, as always "
