6986ed029f89eba2cd078dd1b6e92436
"holy ****! step 1: open word step 2: type \q33 ny\"" (one of the planes that crashed into the twin towers) step 3: highlight step 4: set font size to 48 step 5: set font to \""wingdings\"" (1) step 6: shit bricks"""
wants to know if anybody knows any good bands and would like to recomend them to him 
why is this happening to me? why have  i been forsaken? nothing numbs the pain any longer      please    i'm slipping away   
is realizing that he is using facebook more than he thought he would originally   
just bought a tablet that he can't use till sunday because he can't install the drivers for it because his dad won't let him install anything 
the 'b' string on my guitar just snapped! ffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-
wants to know if anybody else remember the 5th of november 
go to the bottem of the <propfemale> and click 'english(us)' and select 'english(pirate)'  it's epic ;o
got a 27 on his act on his first attempt without any previous practice =p
"just finished trying to help dig out his neighbor's car  long, cold story short: we failed horribly "
"it's 3 smile 1 am, i'm tired, i think i'm catching a cold, my computer keeps restarting, i'm hungry, and i have a headache  but still having fun  laugh      not really, actually, i'm bored as all hell  annoyed \"
it's cold outside!!!!1!11!!!2! but i'm sure most of you knew that   
"i can't find my dsi  i think i might've slipped it into someone else's bag by accident at after-prom which would most likely make it in either <propmale>'s or cat's  if you have it, please contact me asap  =<"
have a happy holiday that has lost it's meaning for the sake of sell-ability   i mean every significant day of the year   i mean easter 
ow!! dx just got my middle fnger on my right hand pinched between two peices of wood while helping my little sister mover her bed   this is going to sorely affect my writing drawing output  :<
i love <propfirst> linkous   love  love  love 
tomorrow is going to suck   
"finally finished my notecards, thesis, and outline  just need to write a rough draft and then the final paper "
"penis, penis, penis; vagina, man-boobs, penis "
"this is the best burrito i've ever eaten~! yum, yum, yum~! this is the best burrito i've ever eaten~! yum, yum, yum~! with plenty of beans, and plenty of cheese, and plenty of rice, oh isn't it nice? yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum-yum, yum, yum, yum!"
?_?
working at getting a cheap tablet pc so i can work on digital <propmale>   laugh 
"for the first time since i graduated a week ago, i finally don't have to wake up in the morning  i'm gonna get about 20 more minutes of sleep before my mom wakes me up and tells me to get a job  great fun  night everybody "
"working on getting my a+ certification (finally) so i can get a part-time job on the weekends answering a phone for triple minimum wage  ^^,"
"yay! i bought my tablet pc! it should get here in 2-7 business days  ^^, and so <propmale> marches on "
"tablet pc came today  ^^,"
is listening to vivaldi's 'the four seasons'  all twelve movements of it 
wharrgarbl
asldkjfasdghadfgoifvnaejkneoibhearper!!!!!!11!!!1!!1oneoneone!!!!eleven!11!
"wewt, had three misfires with our artillery shells  nobody got hurt though, so it's all good  happy e playful lodey-death day, everybody!"
"umm   maybe i'm paranoid, but i just heard something hit the ground with a 'thunk' and then i swear to god i heard a scare chord   - "
rrraaaaagggggeee!!!!!!!!! two hours of work in flash cs4 wasted when it decided to crash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
my spoon is too big!
"<we apologize for the inconvenience, but in order for this status to be read you must upgrade to a facebook gold account >"
"i saw inception yesterday  it was a really, really, awesome movie  the ending however, made me want to punch the director  repeatedly  in his and or her naughty bits  d:<"
yhid mrddshr esd yyprf eiyh my lrgy hsnf onr ginhrt obrt  vsn you yrll?
"*hiccup*                                                                                 \                                                                                              \                                                                                 *hiccup*"
got a new mattress yesterday  didn't want to wake up to go to church for a new reason today 
"hory shet! drove past a parked state trooper doing 80 on the highway (speed limit of 55mph) on my way to college  my heart skipped a beat as i quickly slowed down, however he didn't tail me or anything "
defragmenting my laptop  2 hours in it's 50% done  i have to be ready to leave in less than an hour from now  =i
it's always lupus  always 
"trying to draw, internet is distracting  what else is new   "
i don't want to drive to college  i just did on tuesday 
"according to everybody in my family, nobody i know online is real and therefore i couldn't possibly have relationships with any of you because we're not talking face-to-face  sorry, to inform you guys don't exist and that we could never be friends even if you did but my mom is the master of the universe so how could she possibly be wrong?"
"fucking magnets, how do they work?"
just pulled up 4-5 feet of roots of a plant out of my mom's garden  tired and sore now   
my brain is full of fuck 
"c annoyed \windows\\media\\flourish mid\\c annoyed \windows\\media\\onestop mid\\c annoyed \windows\\media\\town mid"
"i'm drawing a comic for my final in my <propmale> class  i need to finish the <propfemale> i'm currently working on, and then draw and color 5 more in the next 18 hours  each one takes a good 3-5 hours  i also need to find time to eat and sleep   college sucks "
"dear facebook,\stop asking me to make you my homepage  google is just fine  goddamn, i'd make  b  my homepage before you \love,\<propfirst>"
"in other news north korea fired artillery at south korea about an hour ago, setting fire to a bunch of homes   b  thinks it's the start of wwiii "
puddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddipuddi
"in the mouth of madness is such a lovely movie to watch by yourself, in the dark, at night "
this is why nobody launches yogurt   
"i'll probably still have time to lay in my bed, stare at the ceiling and slip slowly into madness    "
new comic posted  http annoyed  snowfall thecomicseries com 
i need some onamonapia for struggled breathing  anybody got any suggestions?
"so my webcomic has gotten one view from: mexico, estonia, and the united kingdom; two views from: norway and brazil; three views from canada; and 55 views from the usa  nebraska has the most, making up 40% of the total views  texas is second at 7 76%  google analytics is an awesome   count-y thingie   laugh "
"guys, only 15 more sleeps till christmas "
anybody else here enjoy lustmord?
ahhh! i'm feeling unwarrented self-importance! it's all tingly and is making me happy! make it stop!
"<propfirst> greyheart annoyed then: http annoyed  i214 photobucket com albums cc301 ryan_redfox 1264079865kytethefox_shaungrayheart01 jpg\now: http annoyed  i214 photobucket com albums cc301 ryan_redfox <propfirst>3 png\\it's almost been 3 years since i came up with the idea for these little guys  haven't drawn them that much, but they've already evolved a ton )"
"i had a weird dream last night  <propfemale>, myself, and a some girl i know but can't remember (but i do know she hates my guts) were in a car and i was telling them how my last name could have been 'chimichanga ' also we were driving around in bellevue west going to somebody's house, but i can't remember whose or why "
"the average human life span is 657,000 hours  around 33% of the time will be spent sleeping, around 30% will be spent on education and work, and around 27% will be spent taking care of our mortal bodies (spent in the bathroom, food preparation and eating, exercise, etc )  the other 10% is the time i can be spending with you, but it's nowhere near enough "
got a haircut   i miss my long hair   
"i'm scared of being in public alone  because people scare me  a person is smart  people are dumb, panicky, dangerous animals  i need someone to shepherd me around  otherwise i'll start pacing in circles, starting up conversations with myself about how i hate being in public and why it was a bad idea to go out  this helps because nobody wants to bother the crazy person talking to imaginary whatevers "
thank you  wg  for teaching me how to pimp out my computer 
"oh yeah, almost forgot  i had another weird dream last night  apparently i was going to get married to a midget by a giant who only agreed to marry us because the midget had gone out of it's way to kick the giant's ass  the giant refused to marry us in mid ceremony because i was playing a skateboarding video game instead of playing <propmale> says with them (the giant and the midget) "
"i didn't ask to be here, stop acting like i had a say in my existence  especially if you're the one responsible for my being in this crapsack world "
"i have this amazing ability on forums that have around 3-20 people on all the time on average (they people post often, but not all the time)  whenever i post anything, anywhere the forum will stop all activity for about 20 minutes  then it will resume like i never posted anything  it doesn't matter how well known or popular i am, it just always happens "
"the only part of a dentist visit i don't like is the fluoride  i don't see why people absolutely hate going  and apparently i have to have three wisdom teeth pulled  i hope they put me under again, like when i had to get 7 teeth pulled for braces  all i remember was them sticking my arm with the needle then them dragging me out the backdoor to my mom's <propfirst> "
"i need to stop forgetting that an hour or so before i'm going to bed is not a good time to catch up on the slender man mythos, or whatever creepy horror fiction copy pasta i happen to find per week  because i'll start hallucinating that shit if i sit in the dark long enough "
"man am i tired  i had to walk today  goddamn, what is this world coming to?  playful "
"why do i only finish my best pics at 2 am, thus ensuring nobody will see it? dx"
i hope my mother realizes that 'toddlers in tiaras' is a show for pedophiles  the entire show is on the basis of sexualizing 12 months to 12 year olds 
"apparently my mother fucking doesn't like what i'm posting on fucking facebook as far as fucking statuses go so i'm assuming someone fucking tipped her off because i know she doesn't get on fucking facebook  so whoever is fucking offended by what i put on the fucking internet, just remember, i can say whatever the fuck i fucking want  fuck "
"2 gigs of ram is not enough for drawing stuff  at least for the picture i'm working on now, which is huge for the sake of detail  i can't do anything anymore without getting a buffer overflow, thus rendering my previous action void  i poke the screen to add 1 pixel of color and 'buffer overflow error - previous action undone '"
"why is the high octane nightmare fuel <propfemale> so enticing at half past midnight, when it is dark and lonely? d:"
"fuck football, where's the funny commercials?"
"with the exception of slash's solo with that girl who can't sing, the half time show sucked  too much auto-tune, not enough actual talent "
just installed windows 7  hope i didn't completely destroy the laptop i've built up for the last 8 or so months 
laptop charger finally died  won't be online for a while until i can get it replaced   annoyed \
bought a new charger  should be here on friday 
"charger came today and it works perfectly! i missed-ed joo laptop, i missed-ed joooooo! ;o;"
finally rid of my malware! and it only took 4 anti-malware services and one anti-virus service 
"[   ]i haven't slept in so long \when i do i dream of drowning in the ocean,\longing for the shore where i can lay my head down,\inside these arms of yours \\all because of you,\i believe in angels \not the kind with wings,\no, not the kind with halos,\the kind that bring you home,\when home becomes a strange place \i'll follow your voice,\all you have to do is shout it out "
the cable is acting up   either the internet will go down or the tv will go static  or both  anybody else who is up at 4am for whatever reason and is in the bellevue omaha area having this problem?
"bah, internet isn't loading properly  damn you crappy wireless!"
it's 3 surprise 0am!
it's 4 surprise 0am! like a boss!
">walk to bakers to get soda\>shoes start making metallic noises\>check shoes\>chrome-plated soles\fuck yeah"
"why is it that every time i'm angry i begin to shake uncontrollably like i'm in withdrawal or something? i tremble so much, i feel like i have to put on a coat "
must   work   on   comic   internet   too   distracting    
"damn you <propmale> <propmale>! damn you and your happy, little trees!"
"\for just 30$ you can own this two dollar bill!\"" - recent commercial"""
"the firefox 4 beta is pretty neat  only one of my add-ons wasn't compatible, and i hadn't realized how used to it i had gotten until after it stopped working "
