adb331f854915ba1031fcd0778e70c20
can't wait for my birthday  the past year has been one of the toughest ever! can't wait for a new chapter to begin!
hates facebook  loves cookin' for the gaybors  that's about it
i'm freakin' exhausted 
it is exactly one week until my birthday
is rolling with the punches 
is spending her last day of being 31 hungover and shopping  i'm pretty sure that's how i spent my first day of being 31 too    
wants to scream 
"will be cutting off her hair on thursday  take that, hair!"
it's squeak's birthday! and i'm chopping off all my hair tomorrow    
i love my new hair    i guess i should take a picture of it   
is tired of struggling  when are the good times coming back? sigh 
remembers when she loved the weekend  sigh 
<propmale> <propmale> birthday party tuesday aug 4th at trophy's 11pm
is feeling lazy
is like whoa
is about to start reading confederacy of dunces    
"tickets, money, passports, darling     "
finally slept  now what?
it's a beautiful day! can't wait to see everyone later!!!  smile 
had such a great night and wishes she could see everyone more often!
rage ranger thursday night at elysium    its been a long time    come check it out!  smile  rage ranger
"is anyone doing anything fun for halloween? and by fun, i mean free?  wink "
drank too much <propfirst>'s blood and has a headache   
fabulous
as usual i have no idea what i'm doing  but i'm pretty sure i'm about to eff it all up
"is going to go supress her anger and disappointment with fried ravioli  that's healthy, right?"
is stuck at work   sad 
i'm sick  and i hate it   sad 
"not sick, but i have lost my voice? good thing i never need to talk on the phone at work   oh   wait   "
"back from el paso  don't worry everyone, it smells exactly the same as you remember  wink   but at least the enchiladas are awesome!!!"
i'm making green chile <propmale> & cheese    the question is   will i be strong enough to share it with others???
note to self: quit forgetting that people suck  not you guys    but you know    the rest of the planet  wink 
soup party! my house tonight! come and get it!  smile 
has a soup hangover!!!
friends in <propfirst>! please tell something fun is going on this weekend  i'm off friday through monday and the plans i had were cancelled  sad  what's everyone up to????
wants to thank all of her friends for helping her out this weekend! good news: insurance will cover the repairs to my car!! bad news: i'm driving a rental clown car and keep hitting my head on the ceiling  smile 
staying positive and taking care of one thing at a time   for instance    now i'm taking care of a large glass of wine  smile 
biting my nails    waiting to hear from insurance about my car    but also get to go see my friend <propfirst> for lunch! can't wait!  smile 
"well, no word on the fate of my car, but i did get rid of the clown car (it was a hyundai abuela or something) and traded it for a black mazda atari game of some sort    and more importantly had a delicious lunch at sazon with <propfirst>!"
i just bought a brand new car! <propfemale> christmas to me!!! thanks to everyone who gave me advice and moral support    especially <propmale> who sat in the dealership with me for 3 hours!
christmas is done! what's everyone doing for new year's ???
has such a headache    too much holiday cheer   
i'm so ready for a new year! bring it already! yeesh 
happy new year everybody! have a safe and happy night!  smile 
can't believe its back to work as usual    i was just getting used to a life of leisure!
is having a fantastic day! and can't wait to go let <propfemale> play with her hair!!  smile 
taking sister to the highball for happy hour! come out!!!!
getting ready for another fun filled adventure   
"hasn't smoked in 16 days and is suddenly having a really bad \i wish i had a smoke\"" fit! good thing i'm safe at home    i'm not gonna do it   """
19 days! no smoking!!! thanks for all the support!!  smile 
is going to start collecting vintage bowling ball music box decanter bars
thinks <propmale> slipped something in her drink last night     
just did her taxes!  smile 
"i need a new book to read! suggestions? fyi: i don't read anything you can buy at the grocery store, or that <propmale> hanks stars in the movie version of    anything else is cool!  smile "
"i've done laundry, dishes, trash duty, worked out     i believe i deserve a beer!  smile "
"is officially an <propfirst> weirdo    went home sick with the start of a cold and stopped at the store for herbal e playful ectorant, zinc riccolas, odwalla wellness juice blend, and some local <propfemale> in case its just allergies "
is at home sick   wondering what time mail gets delivered to her apartment    there's netflix in that mail    and there is nothing on tv!
please stop me! i am going on an itunes shopping binge    
"bought tickets to see the flaming lips! to hell with february, no one likes you anyway!! lets get to march already!!!"
i am stepping away from the computer    i will get things done today    out in the world   
just had the most delicious pita sandwiches ever    
no one has ever told me i look like someone famous    so quit asking for my doppelganger   
urban dictionary defines <propfemale> as 1)slang term for a highly attractive and sexually intriguing individual  2) the mos beautiful person in the world  often referred to as a goddess  has eyes that one can easily get lost in  a great friend that cares about people and makes the world a better place  easy to love too 3) the hottest girl alive  usually gives people boners and she is a nice and loyal friend 
this sunshine really makes me wish it was warm enough to go swimming!!! oh the swimming pool and a cold beer on a saturday    
coffee and trashy television! i love you saturday!!!  smile 
is feeling inspired  i'm preparing to go shopping to redecorate my bedroom   smile 
i apologize for being in seclusion everyone! i am busy creating my lair   
"beautiful curtains    new bedding    almost there   back to shopping   an evil lair wasn't built in a day, ya know "
"<propfirst> peeps! anyone need a dresser- 4 drawer, super solid, well built  needs to be sanded and painted    and <propfemale> don't do that    it will be going to goodwill by thursday if no one wants it   "
here i am again  exhausted and crying about celebrity rehab    damn you dr  <propfirst>! your  skillfully produced montages along with your sincere facial e playful ressions get me every time   
i will get something done today     but first     coffee  smile 
<propfemale> just blew my mind 
just ate the most delicious dinner with risi! yay wifey night!  smile 
ugh! i'm sick! again! i think quitting smoking has ruined my health!!!
"in an effort to be more positive    i am going to post something i'm grateful for every day  today i'm grateful for my screaming upstairs neighbors for reminding me that being single is not actually the most depressing thing in the world  thanks, my ragin' cajun neighbors! i will enjoy my peaceful single evening with a renewed sense of gratitude  smile "
ummm   ok    today    i'm grateful for    friends who buy me beer after a long day at work  smile 
"today i'm grateful for my bff!!! happy bday <propmale>! i love you! also, i'm grateful for 1 fried snickers and 5 spoons, please  wink "
was getting bored of the oscars and was excited to find a <propmale> cohen live recording from london on klru! nice     smile 
"sxsw is off to a good start    saw the people vs <propfirst> <propmale>   danced with storm troopers, got a free light sabre    and broke <propmale> all in one night! its going to be a great week!!"
is gonna try to get in to see the world premier of macgruber tonight w  <propmale>   should i be excited or ashamed?
i'm exactly where i want to be    doing exactly what i want to do- its amazing how relaxing that can be!
can't wait to get out in this gorgeous weather and see some amazing live music!
can't wait to see what tonight brings!!! i love sxsw!!!! bring it on!
sxsw is over    and as usually i feel like i was hit by a truck! i'm spending today trying to recover from a really bad case of celebrity exhaustion
i'm sick  sad 
is now digesting food normally again! yay!
feels like she went on a mini vacation! most relaxing weekend ever!  smile 
"brought my computer back from the bsod  take that, windows malfunction     i know a thing or two   "
i want to go to lollapalooza  please? someone take me to lollapalooza    come on   it'll be super fun!
its too early in the day to be this exhausted
nothing starts a monday out better than being told you look tired and your hair is doing something weird  so much for starting out the week on a good note   
i give up on this week  good day to you 
hates working on sundays  oh wait  and every other day  i guess its not so different after all
"i just watched last night's snl    i am now officially terrified of ke$ha   or glow in the dark paint    i don't know which, but i was terrified    and it wasn't just the singing like when i hear her on the radio!"
"dear days of our lives, please, please, oh dear lord, puhleez, stop making every single actor wear blue eyeliner on their bottom lash-line  please  it's not funny anymore  i don't know what you think that does, but put down your 1987 september issue of cosmo article about looking younger  it's tacky  and it's super tacky on the boys  it does not \pop\""  cut it out """
had so much fun last night     but i'm draggin today   
"has to go get her oil changed  sounds fun, huh? don't be jealous  then i also get to go to the bank and to the grocery store  watch out, party people   another wild and crazy weekend for <propfemale>    sigh"
love love loved the show last night! so much fun! i want to do nothing but watch the dead weather play over and over and over and over       smile 
is suffering from post-awesome-concert disorder  i need something new to look forward to   
needs a vacation  and someone to go on vacation with  sad 
i need to change everything about my current life  where to start?
will be at work until around 5 pm tomorrow  thanks 
come on five o'clock    i'm so freakin' ready!
well   thanks for nothing five o'clock  you sucked as hard as all the rest of the hours in the day     grrr   this is the worst week ever   sad 
"i am refusing to think about work, jury duty, life, etc until tomorrow! i can't wait to see <propfemale> white on snl tonight! i'm on the hunt for my best <propfemale> zbornack outfit  smile "
well  time to head to the courthouse for jury duty    
back to work  sad 
waiting for dad to get into town     my apartment has never been cleaner  smile 
i had so much fun last night!  smile 
"thank you soooo much for finally getting here, friday    i've been waiting!"
time for a long relaxing bath     luxury now     camping tomorrow  that's what i said    camping    
now it seems to be really <propfemale>     maybe i'm scared to go camping after all
has anyone else ever noticed how great i am at making dinner?
yeesh  my own best friend or my own worst enemy    i'm my only frenemy?
what ever happened to people going to happy hour? you all suck  sad 
come on 5 o clock! a long weekend awaits!  smile 
beautiful day    headed out to the lake!  smile 
hey- look outside! another beautiful day     guess i am headed out to the lake again!  smile 
i miss the lake  nobody yells at me there  sad 
for a short week    it feels pretty long
getting ready to see <propfemale> wars in concert  i hope <propmale> doesn't cry all the way through it ! smile 
has a serious case of the monday through fridays
"guess who just got 3 months of hbo for free just in time for the new season of true blood? that's right    i'm a nerd, i don't care who knows it!"
"can someone please e playful lain to me why motorcycles are soooo loud? they are awesome to look at, they are fun to ride   why why why do they have to be so stupid loud??? get me out of downtown, please!"
loves saturday  smile 
super fucking bummed that i didn't have money to buy pixies tickets yesterday  sad 
you crazy kids and your passion pit    i think i'll head out to see concrete blonde with <propfirst> instead    it will never stop being the 90's for us  wink 
"had such a great time at concrete blonde last night! <propfemale> napolitano knocked my socks off! her voice was amazing, and she looked great despite the 3,000 degree heat   "
headed to the lake!
to wrap up retro month   i will be seeing the psychedelic furs tonight! (thanks to my early birthday present from <propfirst>!) 
"is ready for it to be friday already! i'm ready to start having birthday drinks and be off work for 3 days    and rain, rain goooo away"
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! off to keep celebrating!  smile 
i am desperately trying to keep up with an ever changing reality    
"my dreams are making my real life seem <propfemale> much better    so thanks, nightmares for making me glad to be awake!"
wishes she could take a vacation! i am in serious need of a trip out of town! sigh  
finally got some good news for once! looks like a happy friday after all!  smile 
finally leaving work   what do you think the chances are my cats have learned to cook dinner? sigh   some days it really sucks to live alone
"just had the most amazing food at <propfemale> bistro     crispy fried artichoke hearts with parmesan crusted lemon wheels and garlic aioli to start     handmade mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad, then truffled orzo <propmale> and cheese     and then     the best freakin creme brulee i've ever tasted   all while sipping deliciously crisp <propmale> martini     i'm going to go into a food coma now    have a good night everyone!"
i want a brand new kitten! and some pizza! i don't know which is the worse idea    i've been at work waaaayyy too long i think   
stuck at work on a sunday   
is happy to report i am not working on a sunday!  smile 
why doesn't facebook have some sort of little black broken heart status for people like me to put up??? facebook- you are prejudiced against the single and bitter people of the world  harumph  good day to you 
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment - <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>
is feeling really down today  i really want to pull up my bootstraps and think positive and all that sh**    but i can't seem to do it today    sad 
i don't want to go home to my empty apartment  sad  anything going on out in the great big boring world of wednesday?
i feel like there is some bad ju ju on it or something    at least i'm not alone in my misery    but i'm feelin' bad for all the hard times hitting people i love  everyone let's try to <propfemale> in there?  sad 
headed out to the lake! i love three day weekends!  smile 
ok rain    here's the deal    you have to stop before rush hour tomorrow morning    you have all night to show us what you got    deal?  smile 
i just found out that my cat boti weighs 23 pounds  that's impressive!  smile 
"for the record, my other little <propfemale> of a cat, <propfirst>, weighs a dainty 8 5 lbs    so i guess i know who's cleaning their food bowl every day  wink "
"gearing up for a busy week, a super fun weekend, and then 3 days off just for kicks    dear world, please let monday thru friday fly by so i can get to the fun part!"
the only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by infinity is to contemplate the extent of human stupidity- voltaire
is soooo excited about saturday!  smile 
"no day off goes unpunished  i dont know why i even try to enjoy myself   it always means getting shit for it later  fine, world   i'll be miserable every day   you win   "
"i'm going to <propfemale> for dinner tonight   fancy schmancy     they have tabasco ice cream which makes me curious, but i don't know if i'm ready for something like that   "
"going to see pavement tonight, and i'm so excited it won't be 100 degrees outside!!!  smile "
i demand that this day stop being crappy immediately!!! i have planned to have fun today for a few days now and disaster is creeping behind every stupid corner    i'll be amazed if i make it to the show tonight   
i had so much fun last night!!!  laugh  now to pay the price     working on four hours of sleep   
just picked up her vip wristbands for acl  smile   woo hoo!
its a beautiful saturday for cat-sitting 
likes it on the dining room table
"acl!!!! i'll be in the vip grove  later, haters!  wink "
acl was great! but this morning my car won't start  sad  boo!
i love <propfemale> roadside assistance! they were at my place in less than 20 minutes and i was on my way to work! they didn't even laugh at me for leaving my inside light on since friday  wink 
forgot my cell phone today    so if you need me gmail or facebook me  smile 
"ok  i have to buy a dress  which means i probably also have to buy shoes   i hate dresses, and i hate shopping    any ideas on how to make this less painful?? i'm going to a daytime wedding    have no idea what anyone wears to that    attention my fashionistas! i need a clue    please help!"
"wednesday is kicking my ass    what is it with you, humpday???"
my throat hurts   this better be allergies   
"dear friday, thank you for being a friend     smile "
"well    i've officially given up on wearing a dress    it wasn't meant to be    i tried   i tried really really really hard  i tried on like 30 dresses    they all make me look terrible or awkward or 85 years old- on the upside, i think i found an ok pants outfit   just need some badass shoes and it will work out fine  "
this week is really wearing me down  i need a pep talk  and two clones to get everything done 
outfit dilemma solved  <propmale> finally got gay with me and helped me get it together  yay! tomorrow i get to be <propfemale> winehouse for a work event    and then saturday i feel like there is somewhere i'm supposed to be    what was it again?   wink 
friday friday friday friday  smile  and then tomorrow   
happy halloween everybody!
i think i might die of exhaustion  this weekend just wore me out  i hope i'm not getting sick! ugh!
"i will be leaving work early to drink at the highball  later, haters     wink "
"i've lost my voice  feel like hell  need hot tea and a nurse, immediately!  playful "
going home sick    blerg
people seldom do what they believe in  they do what is convenient and then repent  - <propmale> <propmale>
the sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes - <propfirst> hardy
its only november 9th and the thought of the holidays approaching already has me spinning into an inconsolable depression  can we please fast forward to january?? please??  sad 
"i'm struggling to stay positive this week  this time of year is always hard for me, but i know i'm lucky in so many ways, i just need to <propfemale> in there   "
dear 5 surprise 0   get a move on already!!!! i need wine in my glass and looking forward to making a badass batch of enchiladas for dinner!!!
it isn't enough for your heart to break because everybody's heart is broken now - <propfirst> ginsberg
i am being so productive doing my chores! soon i'll have a clean house and i can go to risi's and have some relaxing wine time!
the green chile <propmale> and cheese is cooking as we speak    next the green bean casserole    yum yum  smile  happy thanksgiving everyone!
celebrity rehab starts tonight! woo hoo! i love dr  <propfirst> and i don't care who knows!!!  smile 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  (for the fight against child violence!)"
watching 4 episodes of the walking dead last night was not the cure for insomnia i had hoped it would be   
"if neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then i'm neurotic as hell  i'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days  - <propfemale> plath"
"ugh  everyone in my office thinks its cold outside, so they are baking me alive with the heater set to 80 degrees  wtf??"
"i'm dog-sitting this weekend    how long does it take to train a dog to make a decent martini? also, how long does it take to train them to use the litter box?"
after spending a whole weekend taking care of a puppy    i know for sure i am 100% a cat person   i'm exhausted and don't want to play tug of war with another dog for a long long time   
my cat <propfirst> got out last night and i haven't found her  my heart is breaking right now    everyone use your psychic <propfemale> powers and tell her to come home please  sad 
"than you everyone for using your psychic <propfemale> powers  my neighbor found <propfirst>, and was brave enough to pick her up and bring her back home! as you might have guessed, they lured her out of hiding with cheese! its a christmas miracle!!  laugh "
just served my green chile <propmale> & cheese to the office    needless to say i am now adored by all!  smile 
and vacation starts in 3   2    
sister got me a kindle for christmas! woooohoo!
i cooked and ate an actual dinner on my actual dining table with actual friends last night!  soooo much fun!  smile 
"you can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink - <propfirst> pratchett"
"today's goal: remain calm in the face of bureaucracy, be patient when people ask me to more than humanly possible, and hopefully find something fun to do this evening to take my mind off work    anyone have something fun going on?"
i'm at work  i should be in bed on this rainy sunday  sigh  
i am feeling beyond stressed out today  i need to take a 20 minute scream break  it is so frustrating to not have anyone to talk to or anything to do with all these frustrated feelings    so i guess that's why i just write it here and hope i feel better?
going to bender- k  bye 
just had a delicious lunch with <propmale>    now its off to help mrs  <propmale> with some painting    wish me luck!  wink 
"sunday evening    all the chores are done, nothing left to do but catch up on my soaps and download some new books on my kindle  at last we have reached a state of relaxation  smile "
"dear monday, one day i'll find you and destroy you "
um   everything sucks and i hate it  i can't take it 
"this week is dumb! its too cold, now there's rolling blackouts that caused me to be 30 minutes late to work   and a meeting i've been killing myself to get ready for is cancelled because the people can't get here by plane    can we just call this week a failure and go straight to friday???"
really wishes it was ok to go run errands in my pajamas today    just one little ol' day in my pajamas would be great! alas    no rest for the wicked!
"i'm having an identity crisis today  doing research into food, diet, nutrition, agriculture, and the truth behind everything    leads to nothing but trouble!  knowledge might be power   but sometimes i'ts extremely overwhelming "
"ugh  blah  and whatever  yesterday, today and tomorrow all suck ass  thursday   i'll give you a pass since its <propmale>'s bday  wink "
did i say today was bad?? i was wrong   today is awesome   just got my sxsw (ahem) platinum registration in my inbox! time to get ready to party!  laugh 
i have strep throat and it ouches a lot  sad 
ugh  i was feeling better   then work started kicking my ass   now i'm exhausted and only halfway there    it is sooooo unfair for illness to strike when i literally am not allowed to be sick   sad   also    however    being quarantined from fellow coworkers is nice    
"i am really paying for my sxsw badges this year   sick as a dog and working 12 hour days non-stop  sad  if i survive, i sure hope its worth it!  playful "
my strength is coming back    watch out sxsw    
it's the small details of life that overwhelm me  what i need is an administrative assistant   sad 
ugh  getting sick again! and stuck at work   again! <propfemale> needs some rest and relaxation  sad 
is it possible to cough yourself to death? because i'm pretty sure that's what's happening to me right now     
"going to the doctor    and write this down on your calendar   i've called in sick to work! spent the whole night coughing, can't wait for some meds!!!!"
