669f5d0cecdbe9538b01bf30420c66bc
headin up to the mountain should be fun 
"man, back to school tomorrow  "
back from rafting all weekend on the deschutes 
its gonna be a hot one next week 
goin swimmin cause its f ing hot!! lol
goin to work out 
working a lot   need a weekend to chill and have some fun!
had fun playing on the lake doin extreme water sports ha
good day no work tomorrow!
"company picnic, ohio state usc game gotta love saturdays "
ahh its nice having one more week of summer left! lol
just lovin not being in school haha
doin work at the gym 
well off to bed one more weekend till school takes off 
gresham is offically boring now that everyone is off to college lol
first day of college tomorrow!
gotta love morning practices  
got tixs to the ucla osu game on the 31st! pretty excited lol
almost wednesday can't wait for friday!
class cancelled! man i like it when this happens lol
no class tomorrow just practice  excited for the weekend to come around lol
practice is gonna be hell cant wait for tonight!!!
usc pulled out a win 
doin math homework lol
no school tomorrow for me!!
practice   cant wait for friday!!!
goin to scream at the beach with my girl  hopes its not gay lol
2 mid terms tomorrow one right after the other! this blows 
workin bright and early tomorrow! carvin pumpkins with kels tonight  smile 
started working again and worked 12 hours yesterday kinda sucked  waiting for practice and doin hw 
oregon sure sucked it up today there goes there <propmale> at the bcs title 
lets go cowboys!
done with classes for fall term  finals next week then some much needed time off 
2 down 1 more final to go!
freaking cold today at work it sucked!
done with fall term no time to relax and enjoy some time off 
<propfemale> making me breakfast in bed   i got it made! lol
just got off work going to workout
work was gay but i hope the snow stays so i can get out of work tomorrow! lol
school tomorrow already!?
wow i bought all used books and still ended up spending $450 and i got more to buy this is ridiculous!
work tomorrow then have to start doin hw  sad 
what a week it's been boy i can't wait for the weekend!!
i can't wait to be done with school!!
school sucks 
can't wait for this week to be in the books 
one more final to go!!!
washed my car yesterday   then it rained   happens every time 
one more term left!
way to go blazers  try to show up for all 4 quarters next game!!
can't wait till summer!!
last day as a teenager! one more year to go baby haha
thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday!!
got classes for fall term
school is finally done with!!
will be in mexico for the next 10 days  smile 
back from long beach for the 4th  it was pretty cool seeing the fireworks across the whole beach with my girl  smile 
can't believe it's august already!!
feels good to pay off my truck  it's all mine now haha
going rafting today!
"back from rafting all weekend, had a lot of fun! can't wait to go again "
wild waves with kels  smile 
"can't wait for college football to start! man, i'm excited  laugh "
lets go beavs!!!
"man, school starts tomorrow  this sucks!"
the weekend is finally here! one week down and too many more to go  
there we go beavers 
what a weekend 
"chemistry   gay, enough said "
done with classes for the week! finally get a break 
"went up to the mountain this morning, not the best conditions but still had fun!"
2 more days!
done with finals! time to relax and enjoy this rain  
winter break has offically started!  laugh 
back to working a 40+ hour week 
hittin up the slopes 
no classes on fridays this is sweet!
let's go ducks!!
"good game, thought there would be more offense from both teams "
"no class till next wednesday, very pleased with my schedule  haha"
"having a good time at western with my girl, <propfemale> dransfeldt  smile "
what a night lol
done with finals for the term thank god!
"<propmale> lawyer is a must see, damn good movie "
