d65f9b3ab253016f63d57d63434512e2
"wiseman: when you removed the book from the cradle, did you speak the words?  ash: yeah, basically   wiseman: did you speak the exact words?  ash: look, maybe i didn't say every single little <propfemale> syllable, no  but basically i said them, yeah  (army of da"
if i wanted to play mind games i'd buy a rubix cube ~acheron
"phoebus: candlelight, privacy, music  can't think of a better place for hand-to-hand combat   ~the hunchback of notre dame (my last night with the hunchback of notre dame  tomorrow i need to return it   i love this movie)"
i just found out <propfirst> ledoux is dead   im sad  
i got my hair cut and dyed at a salon today! im so happy!!
so   tired  blegh! zzzzzzzz   
"i'm growing cacti!! i bought a packet of mixed cacti seeds two weeks ago and planted afew of them in a glass teapot  so far one has started to sprout  i'm really excited! also, my echevaria cacti named biolante has been doing rather well  my cat likes to chew on her though  "
happy day!! i just got my class ring today and a letter from the red cross that says i'm amazing 
i cant wait till schools out  i need a break so i can catch up on lost sleep
"i just saw the movie gladiator  it was amazing!!! if you havent seen it you really should! just make sure there are no small kids around because the movie is rated r for intense, graphic violence  it stars <propmale> crowe as the main character maximus  \this movie got 5 acadamy awards in 2000 including for best picture   if you havent noticed yet i really like this movie  you should see it, i promise you wont regret it!"
i just rescued an eastern tiger swallowtail butterfly  i have no clue how to take care of it!!
i just got a bamboo fun drawing pad thing for my computer!! i'm <propfemale> happy!! i also got contacts 4 te first time yesterday!!
<propmale> alighieri was an incredible poet  currently i'm watching the animated epic for <propmale>'s inferno  happy 4th of july everyone!
"after waiting about 8 hours for <propmale>'s inferno:an animated epic, to load  i have finally completed watching it and i must say  the animation is outstanding, the story is intense, and several of the characters mentioned i actually know about  this movie made sense to me  hell is a grotesque and horrible place "
hah! <propmale> blum does the voice of lucifer in <propmale>'s inferno! he also does the voice of orochimaru in naruto!  laugh dd
internet wont work  stupid internet! now i`ll have 2 wait 2 watch that new bleach episode on animeseason! grrr!
internet is working again  yay!
"it's 3 smile 5 in the morning and i cant sleep!! it's too hot!! summerschool in the morning that i'm failing anyway  what's the point? i just want to sleep and have some nice interesting dreams  i also want to draw, read smutty sasodei fanfics, write stories no one reads, and get rid of half the stuff in my room    i'm contemplating writing down a list of everything that i think is wrong with this world  "
yay! i'm 17 today!
"my computer was declared toast today,i dont think i have enough money on my own 2 get a new one , my mom is being an insensitive jerk about it, and it may be several months before i get a new one  goodbye online freedom, fly away   goodbye fanfictions, goodbye anime, goodbye school research tool   i`ll miss u all  "
new computer!it's crazy and cool!! and it will take some time to get used to it  i'm happy though! and i think i was able to breed a legendary pokemon on the ds game i'm borrowing from hunty! thank god for action replay and thank god for hunty who is letting me borrow her game and action replay
dr  kiriko should get more screen time  he's a cool character and it's funny watching him and bj fight like a married couple  i'm also kinda sad because i finished watching the oav's  for bj
helping <propfemale> clean her room    wish me luck 
kids today were really rude during lunch  they acted like pigs and some girl had the audacity to call me a bitch when i pushed her out of my way so i could do my job without burning anyone  i got afew 1st degree burns on my arms from trying to save a pizza then i cried afterward  -_-   i would be happy if the school stopped serving hot lunch 4 a week as a reminder 2 students that hot lunch is a privilege not a right 
finals are tomorrow   i dont know if i'm ready 
snow snow and more snow! i'm glad the snow is sticking now
i wonder why so many ppl don't like pictures with naked people in them  at least i don't see anything wrong with it as long as it isn't pornographic  but those pictures that celebrate the beauty and grace of the human body are always so inspiring  has the public's intelligence degenerated so much that when we see a naked picture all we can think of is inappropriate things? grow up!
best day before thanksgiving  ever!! ^^ bought enough supplies to make an awesome feast and got to relax and taste some real sangria after cleaning out the fridge  ive decided that im not much of a wine person  i can only handle afew sips before it no longer tastes that great  also!! had my first glass of eggnog of the season! yay!!
"i just finished a romance novel ive been trying to read for the longest time  i swear these books are like drugs to me, i cant stop reading them  perhaps i should find a way to get into one of these books  it seems like the only place where i can find decent guys who dont treat their girlfriends like a ten year old treats a new toy: flaunt it around then throw it away when it no longer wows other kids  it sickens me "
<propfemale> christmas!! i love my presents and i love my mommy and i love my daddy and i love my cat (who burnt her tail on te candles we had lit) and i love my buddies!!
"tired, gonna go to bed early tonight   hopefully"
"tris is being very friendly today, she has so far rubbed her face against my clothes, laid on me several times before biting by hand, and is now napping at my feet  she is one weird cat"
"i have been without internet for 2 weeks   amazingly enough, i survived"
<propfemale> got her license! now i can order her around to go and get stuff for me!! ^^ yay!!
now if only my mom could come by more often so i can get mine soon 
"sick today   blegh, my skin is burning up but i feel so cold!!"
