17aa3b3ce523b4a1330c8d1abaa10a69
"kid countdown:  seven days and counting    or as my daughter puts it \that's one less than eight\""     she's six and such a little smartypants """
"just saw \the proposal\"" this evening     very funny   and <propfemale> bullock is amazingly hot     hard to believe she is 45 now   whew!"""
making chocolate chip cookies (ahead of time) for the kids      gotta have sweet treats!!
"mmmm     \there and back again\"" and no worse for the wear   and the kids are discovering all their toys again   doesn't get much better than this     wait a minute    or does it?"""
great day a cedar point with the kids      until it started raining (late in the day)   can't say how much fun it is to see kids ride their first roller coaster     simply incredible!!
gettin' ready for the block party   it's our annual neighborhood craziness 
long day at the detroit zoo     way cool!!  and the <propmale> animatronics is pretty awesome 
"went to the <propmale> paisley concert   righteous, dude!!  actually, it was a lot of fun!  i have got to do that again!!!"
"has to go back to work today after two weeks of vacation    <sigh>,  but still gets to enjoy having his kids around for six more weeks!!   yeah!!!"
"never really thought much about what its like or what it means to be a parent   its kinda cool     and i really like it   it helps to have awesome kids, too   <just lucky i guess>"
"had a frustrating morning, a reassuring and positive afternoon    and really enjoyed being with his kids at the end of the day   and on that high note, \g'nite    and thank you\"" """
"long weekend with the kids      found out that my youngest (age 2) must be part fish     first in water other than the bath, and he is \swimming\"" like a pro   just amazing!!  to bad the summer is coming to a close here soon """
was just wondering      how many mosquito bites can one person get before it is considered torture!!!    yeeeeeooooow!!!
's daughter [kaitlynn] is going in for a tonsillectomy (and adenoidectomy) on friday     she is nervous; her brothers [ages 4 & 2] were absolutely horrible today with their behavior    rarely does it reach such levels  i am thinking this    is unvoiced fear and concern for their sister  they are all very close 
"and the kids are off to the renaissance festival to see kings, princesses and jesters    oh and horses & jousting!  did i mentioned face painting and magic?"
    for those who think peeing standing up is soooo convenient     remember there is a learning curve and unfortunately is challenged at 2am with urgency!  i got ithe puddle and him all cleaned up and back in bed in a jiffy   whew!!!
"my oldest boy (age 4) has discovered that he really likes pb & j with a slice of am cheese in it    oh and chocolate milk, too   interesting    "
up early packing for the kids     and tonight is the long drive to take them home   gonna be sad     won't see them again till thanksgiving 
had a really good time at the <propmale> rucker (formerly of hootie and the blowfish) concert     he puts on a good show 
"has discovered that while riding a mechanical bull is really fun (even sober), the muscle aches the next day are not so   can anyone say \please pass the motrin\""?"""
is feeling nostalgic and needs a beatles fix      or maybe some csny     something pre-80's puh-leeeez 
really doesn't like that achey tryin-to-get-sick feeling that always comes with a change in seasons   blek!!!
"discovered that golfing is kinda fun    it helps if you are also drinking beer and smoking cigars with great people, but fun nevertheless   thanks <propmale>   "
"finally got the sprinklers \winterized\""!!  geeez!!  soooo not ready for winter    much less fall   <sigh>"""
is listening to classical guitar and reviewing     they say such music increases your brain power     whoa feel the rush!!!!  <smirk>  yeah right!!
"is west bound and down, eighteen wheels are rollin' , i'm gonna do what they say can't be done  i've got a long way to go and a short time to get there  i'm west bound, just watch this \bandit\"" run """
"is just thinking how \anticlimactic\"" things are becoming   i guess it is time for some new adventure to embark on    """
is gonna go e playful lore the outer limits of adrenaline and fear at cedar point tomorrow     should be simply wicked!!!
is very tired tonight   to much adventure maybe?  naaaah!!  not enough coffee!!
"     some months are tougher than others      this month is wearing on me a bit   it is still a productive and interesting month, nonetheless "
"     to my friends, thank you for simply being who you are      you are appreciated "
ever have one of those days      don't feel like doing much of anything     and don't care much either    ooooh blah!!!
in rochester     for a few weeks     doin' the ob thing    very excited   oh did i mention its less than 30 days now      yippeeeee!!!
"is busy, busy delivering babies this month    so far four in two days   the attendings are good and the residents very helpful   it's awesome!!  definitely a good choice in coming here!!"
"is going to \night float\"" for l&d tonight for the coming week   this should be interesting! hopefully lots of deliveries """
    baby count   up to ten thus far: three last night  and had some really good educational discussions with the ob resident (ie lessons learned the hard the way kinda stuff)   i like it!!
is heading into the final stretch     six 13 hour nights in l&d   should be awesome!!  baby count    30 deliveries in 3 weeks 
mmmm     13 hrs of night shift    5 deliveries    and a gazillion progress notes   it's time for bed   g'day 
thinks life after residency rocks!!  who would've thunk that juggling five trauma victims could actually be kinda cool    
finally figured out how to get fb on my phone   horseback riding lessons today    horse: 1 me: 0   ended up in the dirt after a short gallup   ah well      smile 
at wisconsin dells for the last weekend before the kids (all of them) start school!  oh its gonna be a new world after that     lookin' forward to it 
"first day of school for the kids     went well:  no emotional upheavals, no traumas or dramas     gonna be a good year "
"horseback riding lessons:  started riding bareback to develop better control   kinda fun, but tough the junk if you know what i mean "
my two oldest are taking riding lessons as well     with saddles    in case you were wondering 
"   i know this is really just a bit of silliness, but i was just reflecting on some new friends, some old friends and some friends i haven't haven't heard from in awhile   they do hold a specialplace place in your life    in your heart   they give you a sense of grounding, a sense of reality    a sense of truth   thank you so very much "
is discovering that he works way to much lately    it is sad when when the highlight of my day is getting home so i can sleep   oooooh boy   guess i will have to change things up again   <wink>
cleated the the drive with a snow blower and shovel    still took 1 1 2 hours   was just thinking what a unique e playful erience it is to have your mustache get all icy and frozen  hmmm  kinda cool 
"on call in the er again this weekend     get to sleep at home, see my kids, make banana nut muffins    and zip in to the er to take care of people   la <propfemale> loca, baby   la <propfemale> loca "
"i love technology (sometimes)      it makes me smile when i can assign funny-silly ring tones to my friends and family   then, there are those other moments with my computer    we won't go there   it's not a happy place   <wink>"
