c02c5211fd5912205800ab5d137a84ef
who has pw summer school?
teehee    up was funny
"post ur number here if u r up for some pick up soccer anytime, or just kickin the ball around with a few peeps "
"kickin the ball around at west, join in on all the fun  smile "
us beat    spain?!?! 2-0
didnt sleep last night
gooooooooooood night
"wow, last time i saw space jam was like 9 years ago"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6vycbbxjxui
"wow, japanese movies are so much better than american movies"
soccer today anyone?
lol    god 16 friends are fans (on facebook)    wow
i havnt slept that late in a while
i advise you not to walk outside barefoot today    it is very hot 
i wanna enter the graffiti space contest    but im too lazy to draw one
tired    very tired
cookies n milk  laugh 
neck hurts
mexico wins gold cup over us 5-0
i have a toe fetish
just came back from the shooting range
6 day countdown
"soccer game tmrw at 2, call  txt if interested"
i finally take action and clean up my room and the game room    at 1 in the morning
dont play with fire kids
packing yo
back from alaska
soccer now and another at 6 today plano west field
"just like every other year, summer reading just isnt my thing"
schooool
who knows a good underground music group artist?
<propfemale> rodriguez    fired?
learned some new toubla beats
sleepin in tmrw    thank god
ha! theres a reason for everything
<propmale> matthews any time
"yes, 3 days behind on apush reading"
exhausted like none other   
karaoke  laugh  lol
beatles rock band or digital camera    tough choice
"so much on my mind, i have to stop procrastinating"
thank god    frq = piece of cake  test    thats a different story
lol thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! twas a good day
"so    55 guessed answers and 5 iffies    meh, i guess only time and the derven will tell if im cut out for apush =p"
"rofl, why didnt any one tell me about baman and piderman!?"
kanye west just interrupted <propfirst> swayze's funeral to let everyone know <propfirst> <propmale>'s death was better 
jeez    i thought it was friday
eid mubarak
"i need some suggestions for some good b-boy music, trying to make a pandora station"
just finished a graffiti    it wont send       
what if c-a-t really spelled dog    think about it
how was the dbq for apush?
<propmale> clanton for <propmale> president
"why i dont do it i have no idea    maybe its habit, or maybe i just dont see the point"
"it seems like everyone goes through the same process  stay young while your in your youth, growing up only exists in the minds of parents "
almost went to jail tonight 
im sick of being sick
restaurant city is the best app ever!
body clock is effed up  
"life it seems a struggle between what we think and what we do  forget about the notion that our emotions can be kept at bay you seek up an emotion and your cup is overflowing, you seek up an emotion, your well is dry"
f this   it never happens
adustam malas
where do i find all the space to bury it  
"blockbuster, renting a walk to remember"
not actually going to rent a walk to remember
the average person tells 3 lies every ten minutes in conversation  we live in a nation of liars  - true or false ?
"dj krush, off to bed"
its either too hot in my house or too cold    its too hot
its toubla time!!
"phone got stolen, if u wanna talk to me, do it on fb"
sigh   gonna go play some call of duty i guess
when will the day come when change is inspired
so screwed
"taken a sudden interest in guitar, but ill probably end up learning 3 tunes then stopping =p i should be studying for a dbq right now   "
"pandora radio limits music to 40 hours a month    luckily, there are only 6 days left"
with every mistake we must surely be learning
daamn    whered this downpour come from
"have a replacement phone now, but will be getting my phone back soon"
woooo! just got dj hero
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we speak often or not, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you        "
woo new month = 40 more hours of pandora
nostalgic melancholy
gonna play some soccer then head off to mma
exhausted   pulled hip flexors are the worst
physics study session at starbucks?
someone plz e playful lain the twitter project to me
dont forget to e-mail ur twitter projects for apush
whoever says what im thinking about drawing for my next graffiti gets to have it drawn for them  smile 
"sigh   im so done with this week, but i still got parkour friday!"
watching    the soul train music awards?? do i rlly have nothing better to do
snow
early release from soccer! me thinks some chickfila is in order here
"done with the lock in, god    i probably wont be doing that again"
watched the lost season 5 recap then the finale    i am sooo ready for the final season
mr <propfirst> derven thought one of my questions was good!
i think miracle at st anna is im my movie top 5
dont like this status
no soccer for 3 weeks !?!? stupid ankle
"pandora   slowly drifting into sleep, can i rly wing a semester exam?"
who gets 99s on exams they dont study for?!?!    this guy  wink 
avatar    twas amazing
2nd unlikely prediction ive nailed in the past 3 weeks regarding the cowboys    shuda put some money down on it
why haven't i seen a holographic charizard as someone's profile pic yet??
"in vale, colorado till the 27th    watch avatar in 3d and imax, itll blow you mind"
ouch    day 2 and im already needing medical attention   oh snow covered slopes how you betray me so
"someone comment quick, should i go or stay"
"*ding <propfirst> preacher: hello sir, have you found jesus? guy: whoa    i didnt know he was lost"
"flip, flip, flipedelphia!"
gerudo valley guitar 80% learned and im not stoppin
its fricken freezing in here mr  bigglesworth
watching movies till i fall asleep
apathy   a curse or bliss?
"sweet, i did record <propmale>  off to go enjoy some good tv"
dreams of a better world   where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned- bijan the status was so good i had to get it out
"wtf nbc you're retarded for taking conan off the tonight show, fricken leno   "
whoo   good to be back on the mat
<propfemale>    lost my phone again
how am i supposed to join 3 members on my paper bridge? (and 4 members)
is 152 a good iq?
sneezed 14 times within 2 minutes
"\excuse me sir i hope my horrible ugliness won't be a distraction to you \""  -sponge <propmale> \""not at all boy   blooeeghhhoouuughhehh\"" -fish dude"""
<propfemale>   may hua is goin out of business pretty <propfemale>n  at least their music is still good
i wanna form a group to have a viewing party for every new episode of the last season of lost
but!    its a tooo saulrty
i don't think there's a bucket big enough in my house to hold the water thats steadily dripping from my ceiling   
24 hour countdown to lost
blanket[x]  pillow[x] pajamas[x] drink[x] lost[x] homework[ ]
oml - oh my lost! =o
yeeeesssssssss!!!!!! ahh   the feeling of just barely completing a long assignment right before the deadline  off to bed
"i am the chief killer, the brutal superrobot, destined to confine vikings"
"heh,  lost my phone    again  if u need to talk to me, do it on facebook"
"phone has been found and is back in my possession  thanks go out to the japanese embassy for their support and cooperation and most of all to <propfemale> whose dedication and passion drove and pushed her to find my phone  this is a possible nomination for best phone find of the year, and the hollywood production of the full length movie will be out soon  thanks again "
"mr  <propfirst> derven quote of the day  \actually all the women i've known throughout the years that have had babies have screwed me \"""""
free ihop pancake day until 10pm?!?
shutter island? or this nerd last u? (they use the same letters) this movies got me thinking   
roots rock reggae
"dam this is a long week, good luck on the physics test yall    i know im gonna need it"
just remembered how quickly i get addicted to halo
"99% of the time, honesty is the best way to go"
citizen cope tomorrow!!
"i wish i coulda stayed for the whole citizen cope concert, but it was fun"
"action packed, velocity excelled, fun filled spring break!    oh nvm we have track practice   "
halo reach looks badass!!!!!
"if you were to find out that one of your friends has never seen a movie before, what movie would should you show him her?"
"wanna do something outside, but also wanna sleep    sleeping outside doesn't sound too bad  smile "
is hoping <propfirst> derven is gonna take a late grade b c im not doin this tonight
"last time i stayed up this late doing homework was    well, it was a long time ago  i feel good"
eggs and bunnies
"pick up lines are over-rated, people need break-up lines: \hey are you being followed? because i've been seeing people behind your back\"""""
it just hit me today that there are only less than 2 months left until the last day of school
"today felt weird    almost out of place, like something drastic is about to happen"
http annoyed  www formspring me salamycity    u know u want to
"i felt very unrecognized at the track banquet  then again, i did skip 2 track meets and a week and a half of practice    oh well, food was good  smile "
mmmmm fresh mint and <propfemale> tea  smile 
http annoyed  www formspring me salamycity    just gonna put that out there
i met the japanese dude from lost!
"to everyone who got the movie link from me, don't open it or click on it"
http annoyed  www formspring me salamycity click the button    u know u want to
well i guess im depending on luck and fate now    good luck tomorrow fellow ap testers
if u got nothing to do tonight and you wanna work for a jinbeh credit (free meal at jinbeh) call and let me know
too much music in my library for my 8gb to handle    i hate picking and choosing
discovered a new artist- all <propfemale> radio    good  laid back tunes
"i've lived life like fate controlled everything i did   like whatever i do, the consequences are irrelevant because thats what is destined to happen  i realized today that living that life style is a lot like giving up on life itself   is it possible to change a way of life i've lived for so many years?"
my dvr was set to record lost    it didnt -_-
to do list: _____ watch series finale of lost [x] ______________________change underwear [ ] _______
"started playing kingdom hearts 358 2 days on the ds that i thought i lost, but actually i found it the other day during some house cleaning and some desk and shelf purging  laugh "
tiiiiiiiiime for da skoos!
"im fixing a hole where the rain gets in\and stops my mind from wandering"
woah woah hold on    its exam week?
what chapter did the 2nd semester of apush start on?
i need help for apush   if any one could tell me what chapter this semester started on or wats on the test i'd aprpreciate it!
lets get this over with
"i don't give two fucks about pantera!    two fucks, i dont give them! - <propfirst> rodriguez"
i love men in my mouth
holy paint bubbles batman! world cup in 6 hours!!
idk why i didn't wanna admit it earlier but i think zero 7 is one of my favorite bands
i just had the new dominos pizza at the feet of jesus ^^
e3 10
wowowowowow france-0 mexico-2
oh the simple joys of <propfirst> party
i hate the brazilian team  no one else flops and whines as much as they do
that was a nasty game  
"i tell all my friends im famous, and they dont believe me  well i showed them    im unbelievably famous"
been out since 9am   won't be back for another 6 hours heh  but i'm having tons of fun with these iraqi students
the green sauce is spicy
there ya go puyol!!!
"dam    i'm pretty surprised, but happy"
smacking on some big league chew
grapevine mills? awwhh yeaahhhhh
i pulled a macgyver today
im so cute  smile 
i like to eat messy poop!
i love talking to hot girls on facebook  smile 
"i said hot not ugly,,,"
my fb got hacked last night  
lingo!
sweet  nutrients
last day of summer school  laugh 
"s0   according to my license, i have a downstairs mixup    "
summer school is donezo
"if you're too emotional you can look like a fool, if you're too intelligent you might be cruel, but finding the right mix is your happy fix"
"people need to try understanding each other, but without perspective knowledge there can be no understanding    its easier to just take the neutral approach"
slept early yesterday so i could wake up early today    heh   good morning 12 smile 0
"just beat a personal rockin' raceway record 42\ 39' boomshakalaka!"""
late night tv is hilarious
stirrin some curry    awhhhh yeahhhhh
fc <propfirst> game was craaazy  tied inter <propmale> 2-2
"we can decide what we give, but not what we've been given"
excited for soccer season!! we gonna whinn!
go watch <propfirst> pilgrim!!    u know   when u get the time and stuff
i just had a dream that i had the power to slow time and shaq was my partner in crime   
"osam- \moe hasn't used the bidet yet\""\",c02c5211fd5912205800ab5d137a84ef,"first is the unsettling doubt, second comes the overwhelming new e playful erience, lastly, the lingering remorse settles deep into the pit of your stomach as you wonder if there could've been a better way   don't ever try a donut burger"
its not that summer went by fast   we just didnt need our alarm clocks  wink 
i gotta stop crackin my neck every 2 hours   
nutter butter is the best!
"desserts downstairs   but also over 10 of my moms friends    this is such a tough decision, stay upstairs or go downstairs   hmmm"
"so   loud   downstairs, theyre literally screaming and clapping"
"in soviet russia, <propmale> finds you!"
anyone going to see <propmale> matthews on the 11th?
am i the only one who watches <propfemale>'s got talent?
eid mubarak yalls!
nice rousing game of tennis with padre    he still beats me every time   
oh my god   we gave out penalties like hotcakes
urban dance society meeting fail
the world would look so different if you'd just tilt your head a little
so
so shwasted   
"welcome to the salty spittoon, how tough are ya?"
well   good luck with the yankees is all im sayin
whektaburger is sooooo good when ur drunfjk
wake me up in 12 hours
i feel accomplished
karaoke tonight aww yea jeresey shore yea
lol who's this bluto lookin closing pitcher for the giants??
so much food in fridge but all i see is meat   this vegetarian thing is killing me
womens college soccer    the things ill watch to get away from home work
who ever wants to oovoo with <propmale> me and adolphus add adolphus <propfemale>
graaaaade a running awaaaay
bout to see <propfirst> peters live  laugh 
won the last game of the soccer season  laugh  it's been fun guys    outer <propmale>!!
f armorlock    that bs is so cheap
momoe yamaguchi  love 
"the following status is brought to you with limited deep thought, brought to you by cici's pizza"
what a heart breaker
dont wear a belt today!!
<propfirst> pilgrim  my house  20 minutes
"life is short you know? however cliche it may be it's the truth   there's really no way to e playful ress genuine gratitude in this form, but know that i men what i say  this is to everyone  thank you for everything and anything you've done for me  i'm very fortunate to have grown up with such good people in my life "
barcelona- an arab's first choice for favorite soccer team
smells like some serious fish up in the matsuda household
bonobo coming to <propfirst>!! no better way to kick off the new year  laugh 
"it was supposed to be pokemon profile pic month    howd it get to spongebob, dexters lab, kablam, fosters home for imaginary friends, and hey <propmale>      "
   so bonobo already came to <propfirst>   and eventful lied to me
crew! howl with me so that we may set the seven seas ablaze with fear! aoooooh!
sweet nutrients
found out that my family traces back to the uncle of prophet muhammad  i think his name was abu abbas
"one day i want to copy someone else's status word for word, but change something a <propmale> and see if they notice "
new motto for procrast-anime-nation- hey at least i got to episode _______
brand new boatmobile
hold on a second    senioritis   inflammation of the senior?
"asian kung fu generation, charcoal, and paper"
hey at least i got to episode 165  
11 hours later and im still not done  
i'm horny and single and ready to go  wink 
squidward is such a jerk
i guess all my drifting paid off today! hydroplaned in the middle of an intersection and got out without a scratch ^^    im not so sure about the other cars tho - -
theres only a few movies that deserve words better than good or great or awesome or amazing    black swan was brilliant
oovertiime !!??!?!!
playing flower
"animal collective   interesting to say the least, but i like it"
music is so damn awesome
haha i made 3 new russian friends and a russian facebook profile just because of chatroulette  
vkontakte ru facebook for russians  laugh 
everyone should check out friend cameo on facebook if u have a webcam  it's pretty much your chatlist but with video chat capabilities
'11 is gonna be a great year for gamers
snow = sandals
oh ya i guess it would be a good idea to lock the door   
"adventure time? no, work time"
my secret fetish: feet 
i do not have a foot fetish
i hate it when they dont go along with it if you know what im saying  wink 
well that was different    i<propfemale> brush up on <propfemale> dancin skillz
got flu?
"if we do end up having school tomorrow and all my procrastination kicks me in the ass, at least i got to episode 356"
"now that ive liked every status about not having school, its time to go back to sleep  smile "
"it's a swirling wonderland of sparkling, white pleasure  let it fill your senses with cascading fluffy pillows of confort and excitement as you have never felt before "
enduring the rolling blackout by staying warm from the glow of iphone and ipad screens  just like my ancestors did
"nicest snow i've ever felt, this is why iove living in canada"
prebuffering   
just discovered how to make ________ for a genius prank    i feel sorry for the next person to pass out at my house > laugh 
"total sum of money spent on one piece merchandise- $35\total hours spent watching one piece- 132\number of friends that give me crap about it- 4\overall satisfaction from watching the show- priceless\there are some things tv cant do, for everything else theres one piece"
wats up fellow 4th period classmates
herpes3000
at least i got to episode 420   
yukkuri yukkuri
5 episodes pre buffered and ready to go  smile 
"preeetty rainbow bubbles on my screen   oh wait, thats spit and i just sneezed"
ain't nutin dumb bout texas
short anime break  off to work  will be back momentarily 
well precal may crew me over tmrw but at least i got to episode 480
"trevor: aight lets do these challenges, 10 minute chill break then we'll start\salam: allright how about right after this song\trevor: ok\20 minutes later i have been blasting music and shining lights in his face for the past 15 minutes    im guessing no halo tonight - -"
how many dbz characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
say goodbye to the camry
how do i stop this nose bleed? its been 30 minutes and ive been pinching it shut with a tissue the whole time
"first five people to appear on the sidebar of your friends section are on your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\goutham buvan, christian huynh, <propfirst> <propmale>, osam matsuda, <propfemale> koke    well im pretty sure i can formulate a dramatic strategy that ultimately uses goutham's, christian's, and <propfemale>'s skills as decoys for a quick escape  smile "
500 days of summer- i feel like i learned something   
give up the ghost
hayao miyazaki downloading spree
amazing how the only thing  the only thing that gives significance to events in life is a persons perception of them
selling rockford fosquate amplifier only used for 1 week  name your price
"downloading maplestory, but this doesnt mean im gonna play it    im just downloading it     smile "
just made an account on <propfemale> story but it doesnt mean im gonna play it   
who woulda thunk it   a 3 minute song takes over 6 and a half hours to compose - -
its all fun and games till i see my report card 0 o
"hayao miyazaki, why must your movies make my life feel bland"
smells like vegetables in this house   
why is it that i only get hit on by gay people   
what a quality publication
an angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head
so fun    need sleep    couch comfy     eyes relaaaaxed   
"\wipe that smartass smile off of your face! > surprise \""\",c02c5211fd5912205800ab5d137a84ef,"if face book was a lumberjack i wouldn't need to log on, unfortunately, it's a website"
"the remote has been lost for about 2 weeks now, and since then ive only either played xbox or watched the same channel    and they thought i was lazy pshh"
"from about 17 minutes to 4 minutes ago, about 150 people posted a status related to the hail or rain in some way    why?"
were 0-3-0    a win today would be awesome
"using different phone now that the cracked one stopped working   if i got ur number within the past 4 months, i probably dont have it anymore"
ooooo dam! scariest lightning thunder strike of my life   
gears 3 beta? ill be back in a few hours
idk what i have against the lakers    i just dont want them to win
those damn mavs are so hot right now  clutch
"wow, thanks for the status update friend"
yyyyeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!
im freakin freezing mr  bigglesworth
this is a sloppy bball game   
"oh my god <propmale>! no, oh my god barea!! no no no    its the bench, oh wait its all of the above"
"im doing it again  \salam at 10 surprise 0 : i should sleep early tonight, im already pooped out anyway\salam at 12:20 : how did i just pass 2 hours doing nothing without noticing?"
archarcharch for kentucky derby! this is actually pretty interesting 0 o
"do your worst mr sore, i only ask to be able to walk"
congratulations to all my bha buddies that graduated! (way early  )
"are facebook statuses being cut off or\things?"
"why must asian text conversations be so azn? - -\ __ \c annoyed >< \^^\ laugh "
"facebook, yahoo, and nwanime for hours and hours and hours"
i wish i could be nearly as cool as @<propfirst> worsham
f the word swag
i must be on my period
good thing i always have an umbrella in my car   too bad my car is 200 yards away from west - -
"mavs down 15 with 5 minutes left   ok time for halo (3 minutes later) mavs down 3 0 o? <propmale>- clutch, always"
mr  nobody is a movie so good i wanna keep it a secret   thank you director writer i've never heard of
"a great part about not being exempt for any class - i dont have to strive for anything but passing  laugh  i know its lazy, but i am a lazy person"
1st dip in the matsuda pool this summer  laugh 
"this is blasphemy, this is madness!   madness?? this  is  precal exam!"
this series is going all the way to 7
e3 - sony delivers!!
"so they say don't wear a collared shirt, but they want us to wear a tie? somebody help me out"
"good news for people who love bad news - paradox\also, a great album"
summer time adventures! lol jk im sittin on my couch for 6 hours
"super 8 was super gr8\you can quote me if you want  wink "
late night reminiscence
gotta go find a costume for akon
feelin like <propfirst> pilgrim (before meeting <propfemale>)
that's game baby! im sayin it now
new video out soon  be excited
where is this lighting coming from?! my room is being lit up all of the sudden
zatoichi the blind samurai!
first day of orientation was awesome! the unt campus rocks and pretty much everyone seems friendly and open  laugh 
"apparently my bro and i have to sing \deep in the heart of texas\"" to elementary school kids in japan when we get there    wearing cowboy hats"""
<propfemale> mpeg
3:16 pm tokyo local time
internet is hard to find here
a trip to japan really made me realize that i love short hairless men  wink 
i just left whole foods & this creepy guy with a massive overbite slapped me on the booty & then winked his eye at me  the strange things is i liked it  wink  lol
curiosity got the cat a million dollar manor
ohhhh man    lets go japan
anyone wanna go to blue october at the house of blues wednesday august 17th or thursday the 18th?
gotta stop staying up this late  
thievery corporation is awesome!
i'm posting about thievery corporation to increase my chances of seeing them live
"i've gotta mention thievery corporation 5 times, and i dont mind!"
thievery corporation live is worth it!
"once more, thievery corporation"
"there are 3 levels of fasting  1- fasting from food and drink  2- fasting with the tongue, eyes, ears and actions  and 3- fasting with the mind  don't settle for level one, you'll only starve yourself  ramadan is not about deprivation, it's about self revision "
reminiscing against my will    wheres that nyquil?
morpheus!?
is there any reward for good other than good?
arab moms don't bake cookies with their children  they bake cheese bread
"usa- 1 mexico-1, glad brek <propfemale> made a good impression  hope to see him make more international appearances"
deadmau5 tickets 100$ ?? damn   
time for tf2
gamestop is hiring more cute chicks and i approve   evil corporate bastards
im gay
im not gay
how about some privacy facebook   
<propfemale> kanno can compose anything
"sigur ros, it comes with nostalgia"
"schedule overhaul, and i'm finally ready    we'll see what happens"
"if you happen to go to the rec and see blood on the sidewalk, its mine"
silent hill is freakyy!
i remember how i wondered what it would be like to be 18    back then we didn't have facebook
"goodbye social life and hello xbox live, ive been waiting for you"
i dreamed i was one of the x-men; even though i didn't have any powers i was still whoopin butt  also there were naruto characters in there    who says i'm not focused on school?
"winner of americas got talent? landau <propfirst> murphy jr !!! idc if i'm the only one who watches the show, i'm so happy"
no   notificationssss?!?!!!
any dtf boys out there?
why do girls get mad when i steal their underwear? sigh   
"\why can't i think without opening the refrigerator?\"" - mom"""
