6f0e118a422b29d4be9a108b68c39a56
has yet to touch ap  this could be bad
baking peanut butter cookies
"ap homework, ew"
done with ap  thank the lord
whoooo! wrist brace! epic fail   actually
geometry regents  ew
no exams
day of bbys
arm hurts  whats new?
"1408 = scary shit (yes, first time watching it since overland retreat  i may spazz)"
bored
my wrist still hurts  dangit this is stupid
"went running, showered and now writing  a great day! too bad i have an mri tonight  ><"
back from an mri  i hate those
"schools out, biatches"
getting ready for <propfemale>'s party  yea gurrrl
"omg, loviinnnggg life"
hopefully eating out
doctors today!  never thought i'd be happy to go  to one
i have a cast  ain't that lovely?
casted and bored
"i ran, i showered, i changed, i happy"
i have a lovely cast on  it's wet and ehhh
bored  already!
"tennis, then basketball  who says you an't play with a cast?"
"burnt  lovely, ain't it?"
pool partay!
"every time i see you in my future, i know i've had one too many  (happy almost fourth)"
"friday can't come too fast, i'm slowing to the speed of light"
"in the end, it's the fear that makes the prize"
torchwood omg amazing  i want tomorrow night
"remember, remember the fifth of november  the bloodshed, treason and plot  i see of no reason why the bloodshed and treason should ever be forgot "
what if
run away love
soreeeee
oh sweetheart put the bottle down  you've got too much talent ?
tennis
"? you've gotta be yourself, and never someone else to fit in to society ?"
omg!! half blood <propmale>! omg omg omg omg omg time turner awayyyyyyyyyy
"collegiate quidditch here i come!! (yes, it's real)"
? ? she says she's 'bout to run away and never come back
? team camp tomorrow  now where are my pom-poms? ?
home! real food!
tired
"to the cape, y'all jealous?"
with the family all week  having fun ftw!!!!!!!
ap world project  joyous
relaxing
sleep
home right now  yay home
martial arts classs!!
"farm stands, whoot"
sleepingggg
"burning hot outside, but air conditioning is lovely"
i think my computer is pmsing  damn thing 
chilling at home  avoiding the heat  love 
"swim, hair cut and the tennis today  such a good day!"
no more haircut  this sucks balls
"trainer in an hour, yayyyy"
sleeeppppyyy
tennis is the rain?!
gonna check the mail for my schedule  i really really want it!
i think my schedule is wrong! i have world history rco and ap on the same schedule  what's that?!
not putting schedule up until i get it fixed through ms  mineo 
finally got my schedule right! tell me if we have something together 1st: ap world with keating 2nd: latin 1&2 with horan 3rd: french 4 4th: english 2h with matthews 5th: lunch 6th: pe with vazzano 7th: chem with dudeck 8th: health wtih marinich 9th: algebra 2 and trig with palmiotto
is trying to get 15 different gifts in farmville  anyone love me enough?
"home, going to <propfemale> with friends later  text me if you need me!"
tired
greekathlete18 is my aim address  add me 
chilling
"ap bio project, tennis, trainer and then more work as i get ready for school tomorrow "
"shower, then ap  i swear i'll finish it today"
broke the printer   need to print the project  aren't i amazing?
printer isn't working   guess i'll go somewhere public tomorrow
"printing finally  i have to <propfemale> it in with dark green color font  i don't think they'll actually mind  eh, my mom will write a note"
school today  annoyed  see y'all there   love 
first day was fun
"home from swim meet, going to sleep soon"
"school, swim, home  then family  yay family"
family time  whoot
home and sleepppyyy
engagement party later looking forward to it!
"homework, bleh!"
swim later
"chilling, then basketball, then swim"
tennis and then home  ttys!
"ouch, wipeout"
"trainer, rest, eat, swim"
playing vh trivia  i'm the nerd
waiting to see if my phone dries out  what's the <propmale> of it surviving the laundry?
outlet mall and then going to basketball
my phone is shot  i'll probs do a group for phone <propfirst> soon  i was doing so great too!
my mommy transferred phones with me  i've got a new one !
practice
feels sick
getting my nails done and then basketball  not sure about nail color  smile 
"won the basketball game, somehow have black names  the bottle was falsely advertising"
wtf is swim team spirit!?!?!?
what is spirit for tomorrow?
tennis and then baking  whoot!
baking for my secret psyche!
who is going to the football game tomorrow?
going tonight to see football  looking forward to it!!
pissed off cause there are no normal hp quidditch costumes and doesnt want to buy a 200 custom one 
game time!
saturday!!  yush  love 
chilling 
who runs our <propmale> potter club?
"trainer, home (homework), swim  busy night"
new phantom of the opera sequel omfg the song released is so effing amazing i am going to die! (the london phantom isn't bad either  wink  )
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are home for the weekend!
family dinner soon
going up to mass for the day  text me if you want
what is varsity swim and dive spirit??
is dead 
tennis
sleep
just got home from trainer  basketball in an hour and a half  whooooo
my grandpa comes tomorrow!!!
swim practice soon
swim practice  gonna see my cuz own at volleyball tomorrow!
home  omg parents are home!
needs to actually sneeze  it's been ten minutes of being on the edge 
holy frig! mrs  keating isn't going to be there tomorrow for the test!
chilling night  may bake 
baking for halloween party!
wants to sleep
writing
what a shittastic day!
varsity starts tomorrow  bleh
is dead
shower and then bed 
*tired*
i want friday
sleeeeepyyy
what was ap homework in the new textbook?
mlim - averagewizard com kthnx
turkey day!
relaxing   finally
has a new life goal: find out the three celebrities that <propfemale> tooker would make babies with!
wtf if the obsession with death lately 
fox <propfirst> girls win the tournament!!
i think i was hacked    
i have a black eye  be prepared tomorrow 
why oh why is tomorrow only wednesday?
i am on my new laptop!!
new sn: beccaandboo add me  smile 
aquafolia ornatis!
best most embaressing bus ride ever!!
<propfemale> christmas!!  love 
loads of stuff on vh  how'd i get myself into this   ?
best email to open at midnight   ever
got a henna <propfemale> and am using it  whoops 
happy new year!
arrrg  i'll do ap this weekend
thinks that migraines sucks and midterms need to be over already 
i hate being sick
actually doesn't feel sick!
bakin
reviewing for ap  ugh 
glad one day is done
baked red <propfemale> whoopie pies  smile 
one more test to go
i hate having one more test >>
tennis time
<propfemale> basketball clinic all day bby
family night ftw
baking a lot  smile 
<propfirst>'s day movie tonight  love  so excited!
studying for lifeguarding course  it's a big book
"day two of lifeguarding, here i come!"
"certified lifeguard? that'd be me, officially "
birthday tomorrow  love 
thanks everyone  love  i got my permit too!
ironic  just ironic
ah new toy story  who knew it could continue!?
i need to stop randomly typing lol
bleck
watching <propmale> v  <propfemale>!
cleaning  sad 
no phone again  whoooo
has repo: the genetic opera stuck in her head now
new phone? yus plz
loving the phone!
go uconn!
sleepy d:
off to penn tonight for basketball
sleeping
does not want to move
"is asleep, but still loves <propfemale> with all her heart  love "
14 days  oh my god 
baking for swim team omg  love 
i hate being sick 
i made my smoothie too thick ddd: i'm eating it with a spoon now
it's hot  too hot!
bazinga
today just plain out sucked >>
gaga on idol? yesss
have fun at school tomorrow people  love 
oh i love being home  smile 
wedding day today  oh my god 
wedding is done  omg it worked so perfectly!
i love <propfemale> spektor
ap review busy
who is going to basketball tonight?
baking for <propfirst>  smile 
basketball at yale! wish me luck!
tireedddd
baking for swim team  love 
glee is not healthy for me    
too effing hot  sad 
amg dressed for bellazzzzzz  love 
working today!  smile 
ap essay   ? totally just started
finally made an aim  smile 
studying for latin  ew 
summer omg
i love firefox plugs
"your stitches are all out, but your scars are all healing wrong  and the helium balloon inside your room has come undone   "
"you spent half of your life trying to fall behind, you're using your headphones to drown out your mind, it was so easy, and the words so sweet, you can't remember   you try to move your feet   "
"this is how it works: you're young until you're not, you love until you don't, you try until you can't, you laugh \until you cry, you cry until you laugh, and everyone must breathe until their dying breath"
<propmale> potter trailer is out  it is the most amazing thing  so excited kthnx 
"in chicago, the <propfemale> city  smile "
the sun is evil >>
found hairspray on tv  the day just got better  love 
the beach today! ooooh yea!  love 
blehhhhhh
bought an ipod touch  smile 
doing my nails  smile 
listening to fall out boy  lol <propfemale> and jac  smile 
wearing silly bands  not sure why   
ap projects  ugh
working on apush  who knew  smile 
"two days on nantucket  i built kite with my cousin  we only used fishing line, sticks, sandwich wrapper, and seaweed  smile "
"on aim for the first time in months  smile  got a new one, so check my info if you don't have it and want it"
"d: i'm not ignoring vhers now, i'm just not posting on vh  there's a difference "
working ten hours >>
i ordered four racing suits today! my life is good  should be here before end of preseason
gotta love the newly weds  i get champagne for dinner with them  smile 
parttyyyy latterrrrr
"schedule!\1- physics with tatto\2- physics lab mon, thurs\3- latin 3\4- apush with coughlin\5- precalc with morant\6- lunch\7- ap english with morena\8- ap bio with dowling\9- gym"
"talk to me without a sound, ‘cause you were such a tool  who’s sorry now? ~ love hey monday  smile "
i lost the game d<
i think i'm getting a cold  this isn't good   
"brand new suits, so excited"
just realized my phone can be an ipod  sweet!
ap ew
i loved connecticut college  smile 
got a wand at urban outfitters  no biggy
finally did her right hand for nails 
"who called my house at like 8 smile 0, looking for me?"
ugh textbook font  it makes my head hurt beyond belief
3-0 whut?
watching jerseylicious  smile 
off to massachusetts today!
29 days? what?
insane baking is fun!
giving out some <propfemale>  kids are so cute! d:
i was just scarred for life  i saw <propmale> in a dress and make-up
english why do you hate me so?
funny  i now own the mla handbook and stunke and white in paperback
"please\put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was\killed in hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during\the second wizarding war  the order brings unity, but the death eaters\continue to <propmale> division and hatred  over 50 citizens died in the\   terrorist attack against hogwarts     93% of people won't repost this \repost this if you support dumbledore's army"
got a new haircut! (happy <propfirst>?)
packing for boston  smile 
ugh first day of sat prep  fml
<propmale> potter  love 
the new msn is crap  i hate it and now i have to fix everything to reinstall it >>
i'm pretty sure i'll have a crooked nose by the end of basketball season
got my christmas tree!
way to dominate fox <propfirst> hockey! you guys did amazing!
decided that objectives can be handed in after break  not worth the worry 
christmas <propfemale>!
mt kisco is in a state of emergency  yay?
gotta love snow days  love 
studying for midterms and still drinking coffee to help
midterms are finally over!
love baking from scratch!
