f44facf98e8243d53574e96d6d85a1f9
very tired tonight!
getting together with special friends tonight   
wondering how many days until christmas break    not really  smile   we will all be ok when we get there     
getting together with friends for the holiday!
camping over our long weekend in <propfemale>
happy new year everybody!
1 2 day for cr tomorrow????
"sons outgrow our laps, but never our hearts   ? ?•*put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awesome ? sons ? in the ? world"
thank you to all of my friends that made my big birthday special! thank you <propfemale> zistl and co  for all my luncheon food at school today  thank you to all my co-workers that sang to me and everyone at work and on facebook for your wishes  i appreciate it very much!
"children & adults with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure  it's not contagious  they want what we all want; to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who    need a little"
"i bet you think you know my - full name , nickname , birthday , bestfriend & favorite color ? * post this as your status to see who knows you the most  "
"children\with special needs only want what we all want, to be accepted  can i \make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your \status for at least an hour?   it is special education week, and this is\in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little \      differently!!"
"at age 4, we think: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn't really know everething   at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16: mom doesn't exist  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide let's ask mom  at 45: i       wonder what mom thinks about this ? at 75: i wish i could ask mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world!"
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fail, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me crazy at times   moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom whether she's here with you, or in heaven "
makes you feel old when the baby of 4 turns 16  happy birthday <propfirst>! xoxo
to all of my friends   i lost my cell phone please message me your number again and i will enter it as soon as i get a replacement  sad 
"it's daughter's week! if you have a beautiful daughter that you love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your wall \your daughter will hold your hand for a little while; but will hold your heart for a life time  i am blessed to have such a wonderful daughter!!\i actually have 2 of them!"
"only an aunt can love like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and behave like a friend  post if you're an aunt & love your nieces & nephews "
