289767dfd31edb7b126f7a2f7b63087b
great way to start a new year   with rain and grey skies :~)
"leaving today   wasnt suppose to, bt sum changes had to b made to fit the needs of others  all i can say is ppl really need to get their shit together bcuz im done kissn ass "
"going to chill with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, && <propfemale>  byyeeee  smile "
"yay my wish came true, now i got something to focus my energy on; class's from 8-9 10-11 and 12-1:50  txt me, if you got my number  smile "
"happy valentines day facebook !!! i'll be spending it with some good friends; jack,jim,and <propfirst> lol oooh and i almost forgot <propfemale> lol"
"it was such a nice day out today   to bad i diddnt get to take advantage of it, but oh well 2marro mite b better  smile  im thinkin park "
reliving the same morning over and over again   hope the rest of my day isnt so blaah 
"kixnit wit tash n danielle;watchin ninja asassin, im addicted  love "
happy st patricks day !! goin down town to celebrate 
breaking <propmale> concert is tonight !!! so hyped out i cant wait 
"wow last night was sooo hype  breaking <propmale> rocked the stage   and haha, yes i got my shirt !!! but no mosh pit ?!?"
"it's goin to be such a nice day today  cookout and bon fire, maby go to the park   either way im gonna catch a tan somewhere in the mist of things lol "
watchin tv   hungry   chillen wit tash n <propfemale> 
"undo what was never undone and you will find within its hold, perfection  live free and embrace the slavery of death which every living being faces  take advantage of wisdome, it is only gained by time  and revenge is the mask of defeat "
"chillen wit <propfirst>, <propfemale> n <propfirst>, tryna work on these assignments for tomarro bt my damn word processor isnt working, it wont lemme type !! life is somewhat mellow  "
chillen wit <propfemale> kixnit lyke always   lol silly how ppl are these days  <propfemale>'s a bitch n best beleive it goes around  its kool tho i gotz all da ppl i need n my life  some ppl r completely rediculous !!
"wow really, now im being accused of shit im not even involved in  lmfao !!! how sad   wakin up to folgers >>coffee<<"
"living life to the fullest   im done wit bullshit, its old news now  got lotz on my agenda today "
"hope today is as good as yesterday  lol pickn up adrea n <propfirst>, then goin to da mall, park and then mickeys l8r "
had the best and worst day of my life  aint that somethin   ??
happy easter everyone !!!
another beautiful day!! hope everyone had a good easter 
mindless
"well it was once <propfemale> n warm,now its cloudy n cold !! damn that sux "
guitar hero wit <propfemale>  smile  enjoyn the beautiful day   thank godness its not raining again !!
"so sad; i dont want to do shit 2day  misery usually loves company, but not today   it loves isolation "
shadow of the dsy    
"juss slept most of her day away, what a waste of life  lol"
"is chillen at the house, wit tash for now    then she might go and do something productive with her day  who knows!!"
"had a very loooong and crappy day, well kinda; she did put out job apps everywhere and even had time to escape chaos to go to the mall with some of her friends   she still has a horrible headache, but it will pass    eventually :{"
"is up    soo early !!! ummm   usual sunday morning  birthday shout out to her oldest n bestest friend papa, happy 18th man; the 1st <propfemale> of a new chapter  >>ur legal now<<< muhahahahaaaaa     "
"is cleaning her room today,it is very messy lol  then she might work on some school work, since its make up week and all   she needs to catch up "
is up early lol hmmm   i have a feeling today is going to be interesting 
is going to sleep early tonight   babysitting mikey & <propfemale> in the morning   then working on rss assignments  <propfemale> lame :[
wtf am i doin!!??!! ugh the complications of the heart   is never logical  and i guess we just do what we do spontaeneously based on what our hearts feel  why cant we feel love from our brians instead of our hearts? atleast we could understand our feelings better 
on my way back home  had a nice weekend away from everyone lol  utopia 2nite wit papa n danielle   not sure wat elz 
tired tired tired    must sleep   yes sounds like a plan  night fb im out !!
"is goin to school  then goin to maag to do sum work  and then afta kick it wit sum ppls   ugh such a long n productive day   also, i qwit smoking   and i dont mean ciggs  bt hey everyone gotta grow up sumtime  guess i gotta do it sooner than e playful ected "
well today went well   got cash back from my books  that was une playful ected !! hmm   then kickd it wit sum ppls  hopefully tomarow will be just as peachy as today  lol well we shall find out tomarro   til then its lights out  nite fb !!
well lastnight wuz the breaking point of my solution  ha problem solved   its funny how everything comes together   bt i dont consider it destany or fate   its more like universal order   stars align   and so do es love  he wasnt the one   he wuz the one of many 
"never was and never will be, u dont know how u betrayed me   some how u got everybody fooled   "
well wtf idk wat is goin on    all this he said-she said bs is gettn rediculous! ppls need to get their stories straight  makin me out <propfemale> b crazii  i kno what i hear   no doctor diagnosed me as deaf  so dont fuckn act like i am  real <propfemale>lk: ppl need to stfu!
goin to see third eye blind tonight   
third eye blind put on a nice performance! i had fun 
its friday    woooo hooo !! lol not sure wats on da agenda today theres so much in sooo little time 
its a promising saturday  lastnight was fun everyone kickd it   too bad it ended so early  bt that wat u get <propfemale> u drinking too early   lol ammatures 
i just saw the funniest tampon commercial  i almost cried laughing 
typical sunday   and im moody as hell   boat ride was fun
damn its a piggy convention on the west side  evryone b safe   have a good nite !
is going on mini vacation to tennessee   bout to have an  awsome time  niss evryone already    not lol
loving life for the moment  haha i dont ever wanna leave 
happy mothers day to all the moms on fb  hope you all get the appreciation you deserve 
today was ok  could of been better 
had such a great time ion tn  i dont wanna go home  lol cant wait to come back n july 
is a idiot; she knows  but being vague is her best trait !!
"rain rain go away, go fuck wit sumone elses day  lol  wit da babe chillen 7-11-09 llovin it forever lol"
dont you hate when your sick and you cant even enjoy the taste of kool aid !!! damn cold   
such a beautiful day  i wanna frappe from mcds lol
another mid-nite trip to <propmale> world >>walmart<< wit <propmale> n tash 
damn cat   
horror movie line up   woo hoo  i got my night full of terror lol 
1 2 freddys comming for you  3 4 better lock your door  5 6 grab a crusafix  7 8 stay up late  9 10       never sleep again   
"sitting here wondering where my life will lead me  sometimes failure brings on  success, bt i just feel as if im letting my grandmother down  sometimes i secretly ask her, knowing i wont get an answer  bt in my hear i know i never could  she had such high e playful ectations for me, bt i know it was only bcuz she truely cared for me  my motivation is resting in peace with our dearly beloved god "
why do i do the things i do knowing it will hurt me in the long run 
its one thing to break up with a boyfriend or girlfriend   bt another to break up with ur family  thats the worst kind of heartbreak to feel  well i wont b attending the fam vaca nor the pig roast  ill be living on the streets instead  you really cant trust no one ne more 
"well looks like im single again, it's perrfectly fine; he wasnt the one   he was the one of many "
spent the day at the beach wit  everyone  got sum sun n had sum fun lol 
happy memorial day everbody!! please take the time to remember those who gave their lives defending our country  god bless and be safe facebook  lol
going to see sex & the city 2 tonight 
just another day
went jogging walking with <propfemale> (for 3 hrs) !! so proud of myself  its gonna b the start of a healthier more active life style  happy 18th to my bro today  goin to chill wit him for a lil 
went to pride fest with <propfemale>  had a blast  laugh  && maby goin out to utopia tonight  lets see if that goes to plan lol
"well i had a fun day, went to pride fest, no utopia   bt   i ran from piggys n im still chillen  lol"
cleaning room   then working out wit tash as soon as she wakes up !!!!! hopefully today is as interesting as yesterday   
"walkd up to family d, workd out wit tash for about n hr, n later goin over to d's to chill  hit the cell up if ne 1 wants to make plans "
i cant sleeeeeep !!!!!!
ok was finally able to sleep   didnt last long tho 
i can tell this is gonna b a loooong and sad day  sad 
another restless night  and im suppose to go biking 2marro morning lol  well its goin to happen one way or another 
"damn only slept for 3hrs, idk y i cant sleep  its one of my fav hobbies lol"
damn
"went to da atown fair, it wuz koo now im gettn ready <propfemale> hit da club wit <propfemale>sh n d "
goooood morning fb  last nite wuz koo got to watch fireworks  lol n got to ride rides for free  hmm   what to do today??  good luck on ogt's tash 
goood morning fb !! not so much to do today :[
"parents went to casino tonite, so there goes my freedom lol"
"up extra early today, bout to go tanning n then on my way to <propmale> to see simple plan n sum <propfirst> bands  smile "
with <propfemale>  smile 
bamboozle tour is fuckn ill  rockn out bitchez!!
going to st nicks fest later with danielle   maby <propfemale> too  not sure 
one of the bestest nights all month  smile 
"baby sitting til bout 4 or 5, not sure wat imma do afta that  im sure the day wont b wasted lol"
been on my feet all day  feels gud to lay down lol no pain no gain i guess u can say  gud nite fb im out  smile 
up early   too early  ugh i feel like crap n now im babysitting again til 4 again  ill suffer in silence lol 
good morning fb!! buissy buissy buissy like always  lol i miss lazy mornings 
happy birthday to my bestie <propfemale>  we goin to party like ur 21! lol luv ya cuddy luv  wink 
this may be one of the greatest nights of my life 
had a great time lastnite @ the foam party and @ zippers lol watched my bitchez do drunk kareokee !! we kno how to set <propfemale>'s bday off the rite way 
good morning fb  smile  goin tanning in a lil tash @ da crib  vaca starts friday  cant wait for that 9 hr drive  lol
its so nice outside  i cant wait for 2marro    eclipse  smile 
another great day  lol gud nite fb  ttyl
just became the happiest luckiest girl   alive !!   cant wait  2 go n see the premire of eclipse!!! l
wow eclipse is packd  and trumbull fair wuz so great  the cheapest n best so far  well goodnite fb im goin to watch a halfhour of previews lol
"went to trumbull county fair, the cheapest and best so far   wow eclipse was packd  there wasnt a empty seat in the theater  i loved the movie   it was everything i e playful ected  lol well im calling it a night fb good night n god bless  love "
babysittn til 4 smile 0 then gotta go home n do sum last <propfemale> packn  its freezing cold today   damn
almost done babysittn    out of ciggs   patience is running low lol
yaaaaay im home   damn the car needs fi laugh  now b4 we leave to tenn   atleast its a minor prob it cud b alot worse :[
"well im leaving to tennessee tomarro w mom and <propmale>, and <propfemale> n danielle   i cant wait  but in the mean time ((farmville friends)) please send me as many olives and eggs as you can  they are much needed  smile   ((sadly addicted))"
"im sooo excited, and i just cant hide it  im gonna lose control n i think i want too lol!! well good bye youngstown hello vaca!!! me tar & d will b sleepn most of the 9 hr drive :~)"
"lol wat a day! car broke dwn n kentuckey, had to get a hotel in bfe  in still gotta 4 1 2 hr ride ahead of us because my mom was goin the wrong way   hahaha & this is just day one of our vaca  wink "
"happy 4th of july !! goin to dollywood wit the fam, tar, & d  then watchn fireworks  midnite parade was awsome  cant wait to see my babe   6 more days lol have a safe n fun day  god bless!!"
i miss him <propfemale> much  cant wait to see my babe!! vaca is awsome!!
"today will b another funfilled day, ripleys arquarium and then shopping n gaitlinburg  fun fun fun  smile "
eat'n luch wit my ladies  smile   then off to do sum shoppin  lol <propfemale> finally e playful erienced the tall draft of her dreams lol
pirate putput was fun   i won!!! lol the mirror maze was pretty nifty too  and tomarro will b juss as great!! ms&jh foreva  love 
"*yawn* good morning fb~ gettn ready for another great day in the mnts  <propfemale> stampeed tonight, maby go to the strip before that, ride go karts   who knos? lol"
lalalalaaaaaaaaa im so frickn happy lalalaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh !!!
"goin to dollywood all day, this will be fun  i been up since 7am  said goodbye to my cousins and aunt n uncle  ill miss them  cant wait to see my babe in a few more days  update layda  love "
"had lotz of fun today  n chilled tonite n the hott tub,playd pool n a-hole lol  couple more days til i go to nc  cnt wait! nite fb  update ya n the morning  love "
"worried   hopefully everything goes as planned, hopefully speaking i'll b so pissd if i cant go :["
wow im totally exhausted!! yay 2marro i leave tn to go to nc to be wit the luv of my life!!! tar & <propfemale> r commin w  me  woooo hoooo!!!!
"u dnt kno me, u dnt wanna kno me, ask anyone that does kno me !! lol"
having a blast in nc  went to the beach today   it was fun  lol left my celly w my gpa so i cant tlk to ppls for awhile 
in nc    loving the weather my friends n my babe  i dont wanna leave !!! lol
its raaaiiiining   ugh lol damn coffee pot isnt workn right wtf  well guess ill juss wait for my babe n my bro to get home  tho i dnt think ill want coffee then lol
yaawwwnnnnnn    coffee didnt help much lol im crassssshing    gud nte fb !!
hmmm so cuz i'm gone bitches think they can b on sum <propfirst> shyt  its cool cuz <propfemale> i get baq to tha yo things r gonna switch up real qwik  duecez i'm out!
well i gotz my celly back!! hellz yeah lol wow sum ppl can b so deceiving   they hide their true colors behind layers of lies   like f*ckn onions!! lmfao ooo well im loving life to the fullest no one can take that from me & thats the way its gonna b frm here on out!!
haha i suck @ <propfirst> on wii    ill never get it   go yellow mushroom dude  lol well im bored now  babe went to sleep n im sittn here wit <propfirst> watchn tv  fun fun lol
my mind runs blank at the moment    thoughtless?? perhaps    
i hate wednesdays ):
i feel a nervous wreck rite now!!!
i gotta headache n im hungry 
hello goodmorning!! lol
not sure whats goin on today   kinda sad bt im also happy  mood swing?
having a cookout today lovin the weather!! bout to play sum tennis  smile 
went wit <propmale> to get <propfemale>  i miss my little gerber doll lol she's a beauty 
"my head n my heart are in a constant war between each other  i wish i can thro the white flag, bt which one will i choose to surender?"
uggh not feeln well today   bout to smoke n chill wit my man n my bro then prob get sum rest  ht me up if u got the cell :[
hahaha they have made a movie that makes fun of twilight!! lol that is great  smile 
blazed n dazed lol
gettn crunk wit <propfirst> n val   damn i wish there wuz sumthin <propfemale> smash on lol
every long lost dream lead me to where u r  others that broke my heart they were like northern stars leading me on my way into your loving arms this much i kno is true   that god bless the broken road that lead me straight to u 
"ummmm    well ppl keep waking me up, *thanks dad* <propfemale> lol ect  and i feel like crap right now  today shud b aiight "
havin girly nite wit <propmale>  lol i luv my sis
i usually dont wake up n a depressive mood   most of the time i juss go to sleep wit one 
"had sum high points n low points today  bt god is with me and has blessed me so with awsome fam,friends, and the luv of my life  lol good nite fb  smile "
i hurt  sad 
kixnit wit jess   well she kinda fell asleep lol so juss watchn jumanji now 
naptime ;o)
"kinda mad, slightly disapointed; irritated like all hell   i need a chill pill lol"
up early   like 4 smile 0 early  now my day will b long   need sumthin <propfemale> do 
had a trippy dream  kinda shook me lol
i miss my man   wish he didnt havt to leave bt oo well ill deal  i get to bug bro for a few days 
"chillen wit <propfemale> for the night   watchn tv bout to smash  todays been aiight,still miss by baby :[ cant wait til friday "
blaaah  im up    coffee     yeeaaaaahh
lotz  on my mind   maby killing a few brain cells wudnt b such a bad idea   lol i think i need too  miss my babe  2 more dayz n i'll have him 
gud mornin pplz!!! lol well bout to start sum laundry n then take a shower  not sure what the plan for 2day is   ill figure sumthin out 
tired   watchn cookin channel wit <propfemale>  lol its gonna b one of those lazy days 
cooking channel is the ish!!! watch at ur own e playful ense   tends to make u hungry lol
total boredom!!!
yay my bro is gonna come pick me up from <propfemale>'s  i can go home n clean  smile   haha my life is fulfilling!!! yep   very awsome !!!
if its not one thing    its another!!! well i guess im gonna call it a nite   ain nun else to do  cant wait til 2marro !!! nite fb!!!
"my body hurts!!! lol bt on a good note, my hubbys home   im happy now "
"got my mom n bros down n nc wit me   never thought id see the day were me n <propmale> hug n actually say \i miss u\"" lol  gonna go to beach today i think upd8 l8r"""
leaving 2nite @ 11 shud b baq n youngstown sumtime 2marr morning  oo yay me  hahaa
well im back in tha yo  i juss want to chill n relax for the night 
"hey baby imma rockstar!! big city, bright lights   "
i want icecream :[
drinkn burr n playn asshole spades   yupp typical nite @ home  lol
going wit <propfemale> to ysu orientation from 7-5  lol go penguins 
accomplishing tasks wit <propfemale> 
ugggggh so sleepy   i hate orientations   all blah blah blaaaaaah    the free lunch isnt worth it!!  lol
my cat is gangster
even a beautiful orcid grows from shit  smile 
taco bell   mmmm
"pigroast is today, buissy buissy buissy cooking and getting everything ready  i cant wait for the keg  wink "
stupid penguins wont give me a schd  and school starts today!!! wth   ooo well i gotta free keychain n a stupid bookbag   now i juss need class's  haha
today was insane bullshit!! lol hoping tomarro isnt as bad  bt since im back home now no doubt it will be just as stressing as today  gudnite fbookerz!!
"chillen on evanston, damn today went qwik "
"friends come n go thru out life, bt @ the end of the day u still got ur fam  it doesnt matter how thick the kool <propfemale> is, blood will always be thicker!!"
"a wise fortune cookie once told me\fate loves the fearless\""    oo and dog in chinese is \""gou\""  hmm"""
i feel like shit 
life is like the beach in i am playing in the sand 
this time baby ill beeeeee bullet proof    lol
well judging by the morning im having   today will suck !!
fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me 
goin to the fair w  <propfemale> n <propfemale>  fun fun  smile 
chillen wit the ladies  smile 
      
"drinkin all my problems away tonite  if he can be a asshole, ill be a bitch  smile "
"how can sumone b surrounded by friends, bt feel completely alone?"
so i got kicked out of the arab store today   aparently it doesnt matter how many friggin times a day i go there for smokes and wat not   they still want an id  they shud seriously buy me a bday present since my d o b is instilled into their heads!!! errr       to be continued    
well my day juss suckd !!!!
so many problems running <propfemale> my mind  i swear my brain is goin to e playful lode 
"today was just like yesterday, tomarrow will be like today, and next week will be the same as this week    such a drag !!!"
hellz yesh!! steelers kick ass  smile 
home bound :[
today sucks lol need to find sumthin productive to do :[
life got me stressed lol im goin to <propfemale> <propfemale> easy my mind  back in a week 
what is the symbol of your personality? -- my result: bountiful basket  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 455472 referrals status?aid=1699321181
wow its 4 o'clock n im juss wakin up   sad! lol
sleepy already  wow
i got the munchies  smile 
another restless night !!
"im tired, bt cant sleep  im hot bt the heat ain on  idk wats wrong wit me bt i feel miserable!!"
"there are many things in life that catch your eye, but only a few things catch your heart "
"goin back to ohio sumtime today, got lotz to do, got lotz to plan   ugh why cant time stay still for juss a moment!! lol"
my bed feels like a stranger lol
my mirror has two images 
watchn the game (go steelers!) ill prob fall back asleep @ sum point  its cool cuz i got it recording lol
haha ppl r silly !! u r so gulable!! got ya  wink 
chillen wid cuddy today   the rain needs <propfemale> go :[
can't wait to get outta youngstown  leavin for nc tonite   yes!
ugh im so not ready for the 12 hr car ride   its gonna b a long nite lol 
so sleepy today *yawn*
"well mom,dad n <propmale> juss left  *yawn* goin baq to sleep  smile "
watching beetlejuice  smile 
movie of the hour; strangers 
"lets have a toast to the scumbags,everyone of em' that i know  lets have a toast to the jerk offs, that'll never take work off  baby i gotta plan juss run away fast as u can "
wow how is it <propfemale> sumthin good happens sum bullshit always comes after?
i wish cuddy <propfemale> was up 
"why is it comforting to live a lie,bt painful to bare truth?? they say the truth will set u free, bt i think in this case it will destroy me"
headache:: go away!
red <propfemale>     
not feeling so great today 
sweetest day is for sissys!!
wake up in the morning feelin like pdiddy lol
smokin on sum killa kill yep yep im high    lol
yummmmm pumkin pie blizzard  smile 
watching the <propfemale> wit <propmale> 
tryna fall baq asleep   not working :[
ugh sumone amuse me :[
"so i want to get a tat from the \house of pain\""  any suggestions on designs   ???"""
the weather matches my mood lol 
the e playful eriment is a good movie  tho i shud b watchn my eyelids right now   
"yupp   still awake,still trying to fall asleep, and yeah   still watching the same movie,only thing thats changed is the laundry  sad "
i hate hospitals   i hate waiting even more   gosh wat a day this has turned out to be   well hopefully 2mar will be alot better  >upd8 l8r<
"well my stomache is killing me, heartburn has went away (for now) hopefully it gets better in the am  yawn* -out-"
no over night change!! stupid docs  guess i gotta go back monday  sad 
happy halloween fb!! hope all stays safe tonight 
i juss seen a peice of rainbow in the sky  smile 
cuz tonight its <propfemale> light n  candles n shyt 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy bday  i feel loved lol
wow what a crazzy night my head hurts lol tomarro will b a buisy day 
sumone amuse me !!
good am !! up n motivated   to do laundry :[
why r sundays traditionally so borring? this should not be considered as relaxin?
*    lol
"life is a bitch, but i appreciate her "
dramamaaaaaaaa    it must love me cuz it never leaves myside   bed now  gn fb
knock  knock   ??   
"juss woke up, drinkn on sum coffee  yum!!  da babez iz leaving for cax 2nite, he'll b gon for a month   sucks :["
sympathy cards are pulled by the weak minded individuals who pawn themselves  off on society to take care of  guess u can call them leeches 
stayn up all night packing and throwing crap away  i dont even think id give some of these hideous decorations to my worst of enemies!! lol well i kno were gonna have a awsome bonfire <propfemale> my bro gets bailed out monday 
yepp still up n packin lol  so far living room n kitchen r basically packd  now its on to bathroom n bedrooms  gettn uhaul sometime today 
this has been one hectic 4 days  finally got the uhaul over to the new house 
i feel so accomplished !!! got the old place packed and cleaned just in time  baild bro outta county and now all i gotta do is go to century 21 do the tour @ 9am and get the keys @ 3pm 2marro  my stress level is decreasing slowly 
"got alot to do today, go view new house, and close on it  unpack the uhaul bc    it was only rented until 2day  and after all of that, gotta take care of some legal matters  i will  be buissy all day :["
"well got the keys to the new house  and unloaded the uhaul all in a half a days time, despite all the bull that happend thru out the whole process  i can relax a lil now "
i miss him  annoyed 
i miss my daughter so much!
"got alot of shyt done today, bt still more to do 2marro  speaking with attorney, making pig report, make copy of keys, and start gettn utl switched up  grrr   calln it a nite  annoyed "
"got all the utls switched over, cable will be here the monday after turkey day  got 2 more keys made for the house, and now on our way to look @ a furniture set, and take care of some legal matters  miss n luv u babe "
i miss my neice :[
kickn back at the happy hour waitn to play sum burr pong wit da bro   haha my nn is captn cockalot   silly shyt  well guess we startn so upd8 l8r  love u babe cant wait til the 17th!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg i gotta get <propfirst> outta here cuz he boutta hurt sum1 lol all cuz we got disqualified on pong  lol nun spice wnt fix 
thanks babe for moving us out to the middle of nowhere !!! there r no delivery places out here   no spice shop   nothing!! u r such a quaker !! bt i still love u 
guess im gonna b living the amish life for here on out  lol rac got lost tryna find my house   it doesnt even pull up on gps?!?
bout to go out for a lil wid <propfemale>  then later go to the new house n finish these last few boxes off  i cant wait to get everything done
i miss my luv :[
misses him more now that i got to talk to him :[  cant wait to ht da o this week  a familiar face is always welcome 
damn u cuddy qwit pokin me !!! lol
this is to the idiots that place restraining orders bt continue to try n make contact: stop  dont u understand what a no contact order means?? well now it will b voided  haha
pop all the balloons and spit n the punch  wink 
"lovin n missn my babe ugh still got another month to endore, @least i get to spend sumtime wid da fam n friends for like a week  leaving to da o tomarro   cnt wait!!!!"
"what's on your mind?; what's on my mind? hmmm   well too much, good,bad and the soon- to- be   anxiety of the future :["
lol cuddy this is the longest on-going poke war i have ever participated in 
lol  smile 
"look ain no motha fuckn cops bout to serv me for shit  theres no cause  i dont give a fuck wat ya gotta say, ain no one catchn a charge on ur behalf so stfu "
"stupid ppl need to remain quiet, so shut the fuck up "
"lovin my babe like always, cant wait til he comes home n makes all my problems disappear "
this will b a long night lol   im sleepy again 
almost to ohio   sumone ht me up w plans fo 2nite 
lol kinda lookin forward to the week  i have a feelin its gonna b a good one lol 
happy thanksgiving everyone  hope all stays safe 
mmm cant wait to stuff my face n sleep it off lol   ahh gotta love ne excuse to cook lots of food n drink lots of wine  surprise )-
"damn n juss <propfemale> i think im havin a crap holiday, i think of my babe in the desert not having one @ all  sad   welp happy turkey day all  go stuff ur faces "
"hmm   what <propfemale> do, what <propfemale> do   ??"
chillen wid cuddy <propfemale> like ol'times lol mmm columbian coffee n purple haze   what a combo!!
"got the xmas tree 2day, bout to go turtle huntin n a lil  lol yepp turtle huntin  dont ask!"
listen ladies lmao   my bro doesnt luv yall   he single n stayn that way and if he does decide to get wit sum1 it will b of my liking  lol
watchin house  great show 
yepp   still watching house (lost remote) lol not as bad as having to watch teen mom for 2days straight  i shud really keep tabs on the flicker!!
damn the week went by fast  lol goin back home 2marro   not anticipating the 13 hr drive tho  annoyed 
damn rain   now i gotta wait to leave  annoyed 
fml 
"well according to the gps we wont be home til 7am: really, we prob wont b home til 8 smile 0- 9 "
finally back n nc
omggg   i juss had a horrible nightmere   zombies   no more spice b4 bedtime cuz im trippn 
"this chick really wanna start sum childish ass drama and make sum silly ass lies up  haha watever  get a life  mine is great, and ur a waste of human life  go choke on the bullshit that comes frm ur mouth "
:[
bout to call it a nite  ready for 2marro to get here 
i hate this ish   woke myself up out of a miserable sleep (due to migrane) juss to thro up   ewwwww   and now my head hurts worse then ev  dkiel$#%rmfginm!!
is thinkn its nap time   
haha no snow for meeee  smile 
watching sick   gotta luv ol'skoo horror films muhahahaaaaaa    
i will <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> go back to onslow hsptl garbage ass facility  im n so much pain right now  sad 
ugggh enough with the like my stat shyt ppl!! its verry lame and no one cares   if ur that bored go find a hobby   jusst a thought :[
"i just want this ish to b done n over wid  stressd to the <propmale>, and my celly is broken due to physical abuse  now i gotta wait 2 more days for cable  a week for net n phone servs :["
relaxing   yes   i can actually say im feeln lotz better  hopefully i can stay like this for awhile  smile 
"sum of the best things in life are worth waiting for  bt dont pass up sumthing good bcuz in the end, life is too short for \what ifs\""  the day u stop taking risks is the day u stop letting urself grow """
 sad  headache ):
ugh random heartburn is not lettn me fall baq to sleep 
i stay sleeppy 
"wow   i realize the end of the yr is aproaching & i realized 2010 was one hell ov a year for me  so much has happend, so much came together for me  i feel kinda sad to see it go, bt im ready to embrace 2011 head on  smile "
"playn black opps, i think im addicted lol"
yay i get my capble put on today   yessss!! only been waitin 3 weeks!!
juss one of those days; body aches and drained of all energy  and the effn cable guy is still not here!!!!
yay cable idiots r finally here   after waiting all damn day :[
i ain <propfemale> scurrd  lol
no sleep for me   lol i been n a sleep spell for days    got nun bt energy now 
"so happy to see my lil neice, its been long over due and she's got so big  im juss happy to see mi brudda smile again  he deserves it  smile "
"feelin ok today, maby enuf energy to take on the house  ha!! lets hope   "
"sittin here bored az fuck, bout to take a nap  been up all day wid da neice, i think she tired me out  smile "
scratch that   im on black opps 
watchin <propfirst> <propfirst>'s the family that prays  smile 
"made sum biscuits n gravy, now listen to music   contemplating on wheather or not i shud start sorting clothes and <propfemale> up rest of the curtains  hmm   "
waitin patiently for the babe to inbox me   bt he needs to hurry up lol  cookn sum regatoni   mmm
mmm <propmale> light  smile 
no such thing as a hard night   juss hard drinks 
had a pretty decent night  drank n played sum cards n woke up feeling pretty good   i kno i cant speak for the rest of the housetho lol
"cant wait for the 22nd!!! tho   im slightly irritated, cant nun break my optimistic mood (="
watchn the game w tasha  lets go steel city!!
"   \hey boy i really wanna b wid u cuz u juss my type ooo nahnahnahnah\"""""
bout <propfemale> get it in   on sum black opps  smile 
"today is suppose to be the shortest day of the year, lets hope !!! happy 1st day of winter everyone  stay warm  smile "
ugh i take it back   hope today does not go by fast  i got so much b s to take care of now its not even funny smh  
"wow   im walkn to da bfe gas station, and i swear i seen this all before in wrong turn !!! haha the adventures me n tash get into   "
"taking forever to leave!! sum ppl r so inconsiderate, bt its kool   the new yr is gonna bring out a new type of b*tch n best beleive ppl ain gon b too happy "
finally on the road  
<propfemale> christmas fb  smile  hope everyones holidays are as gud as mine 
good morning fb!! hope all had a gud xmas n didnt get too tipsy off the nog  wink 
spending time wid da fam  kinda borrrrred tho hmu if u got the # 
ever get a vibe u juss cant shake? like sumthin epic is about to occur   i have that feeling  annoyed 
"slept all day, now imma b up all nite lol  chillen wid <propfirst> n my bro hit the celly up if u got it "
as if today cud start out ne more shittyer   ha its not even 12 and i start the day out wid sum bullshit  god help me   
damn today was straight b s   i feel so bad for the next mother effn person to piss me off   my knuckles will be tatted on their face 
"wow   u'd think the one person u can rely on wud come thru yeah riight   so i learned sumthin new, dont matter whu it iz or how much they \love you\"" never depend on sumone cuz in the end u gotta worry bout #1  well im hittn da sheetz  got sum bs i gotta square away n the am   nte fb"""
yeah im up   damn 
mannn   so im really f*ckn mad rii now n this cat is nowhere to b found  hmmm well looks like imm gonna b doin my own thang today 
"is it wrong to not care about the new yr? i mean really its just another day, so the #'s change   i dont feel any reason to celebrate this yr  annoyed "
"chillen wid my gurl d straighted zooted, bout to get our drank on wid <propfemale> n her man  man i went thru sum bullshit ystday n 2day, bt things r slowly gettn better  still ain welcoming the nw yr tho "
"tryna fall asleep to <propfirst> n silent <propmale> strike back, bt its too funny lol "
"wachin friday, waitin on the hubbz to hmu "
"why? why is it <propfemale> things start lookn up,sumthin brings me down again  i love rollercoasters bt not emotional ones "
wake up in the mornin feeln like p diddy   good am fb!!
welcome home (sarcasm @ its finest)
(-: chillen  smile 
nun like baking brownies & playing sudoku  wink 
"i have a mysterious alergy to sumthin  i have hives from hell all over my body  ugh   its always sumthin, well hello benydrill u will b my goodfriend for the next few days "
everyone lives bt not everyone lives life 
"blownafied thought;if today was your last day, would you be proud of what you left behind???"
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat! remember, hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! (reposted from another friend's status message  feel free to do the same )"
where to qo from here?!?   
take me down to the paradice city  where grass is green n the girls r pretty   ooh wont u plz take me home  smile 
"you can either trust people until they fail you, or distrust people until they're proven trustworthy"
such a beautiful day has me in a awesome mood 
champagne   bt i like beer !!!
to those who care; my charger broke   thus the reason i havnt answered many texts or calls today *sigh* i have a feeling its gonna b a <propfemale> b4 i get a new one too :[
"juss made sum fried chicken, stuffing, green beans n cornbread  lol bout to hop on sum zombies n chillax  smile "
im gipper  wink 
"if somebody offers you a lifetime supply of <propfemale> and there is just one piece, don't eat it: it's probably poison "
light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright until they speak  playful 
black n yellow all day !!!!! lets goo steelers!!!
"well we didnt win   but to all you shit talkers out there keep in mind the steelers made it to the superbowl (which is more then wat most acheived), have 6 glorious rings and you kno wat    maby we should jus let yall other teams catch up !!!"
feels sick  annoyed 
 annoyed 
"up early, got docs app @ 9am  annoyed "
"with a thousand lies and a good disguise, hit em' right between the eyes((2x))  we could walk away with nothing more to say   "
"your mad, bonkers   off your head!!!! but i'll tell you a secret, usually the best people are c(="
calling it a night   my existence will continue tomarro *yawn*
has a feeling it will be a great day  love 
"juss gave my neice a bath,  i want her shampoo, it smells so good (;"
"i remember all through grade school and high school saying this every morning to start the day    i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !!! we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone!"
nap time = only the most bestest part of my day !!!
its a beautiful day in the neighborehood lol
coughing my effin lungs out!!!!! i hate being sick  annoyed 
ftw!!!
caught between doing the right thing and doing the thing thats satisfying to me  idk ne more  sad 
"feels good knowing she did the right thing, and was with the person who really needed her the most  ily babe, and i hope everything works out for the best  smile "
 sad 
"taking me outta the picture isnt gonna fix shit  im done keeping everything bottled up, im ready to just say fuck life, fuck happily ever after, and fuck this bullshit world!!!! verge of destruction    yes!!"
guess im a step mommy now  annoyed 
house is imaculately clean   now its nap time  smile 
is tired of being sick !!!
bed; we gotta stop meeting like this  i think the blanket is starting to suspect sumthing  lol
"anyone who had a direr need to comment on the previous statz juss inbox me  i dont kno wat to do, or how to feel, i feel emotionless right now i think im gonna have one hella month, and i guess thats aiigh  bt riigh now i need a \pick me upper\"" !!!!! haha"""
"fuck sundays, and everyday for that matter  i jus want to crawl into bed and not ever wake up "
"this time was different, felt like i was just a victim  && it cut me like a knife, <propfemale> you walked out of my life, now im in this in condition, and i got all of the symptums  of a girl with a broken heart, bt no matter wat you'll never see me cry "
"lol wat a stoner combo, mashpotatos with cream of mushroom sauce    hey im improvising !!!"
is developing cabin fever!!!!!
"cant sleep, got too much on my mind  annoyed "
"this isnt a home, more like solitary confinement :{"
fml!!!
wow  sad 
hopes everything is going to b ok   
"needs to get her life back on track  cant wait for a fresh start, its long over due "
bout <propfemale> <propfemale>ke a nap til my cuddy get here   yawn!
~*~erin go braugh ~*~
bout to get ready to celebrate my <propfemale> roots the best way i know   now wheres the green beer? lol
"k well pplz i got my celly back   bt no #s so to those whom i actually talk to, or care for inbox or call me  happy st  patricks day everyone"
im wasted   i love it  well deserved !!!
not feeln right  idk wats wrng   hopefully i feel better b4 this mini road trip 2marr  smile 
road trip w papa n <propfirst> (=
bon fire [:
settin things on fire  love 
depression sucks  annoyed 
hahahaha    this is what i get for leaving my face book up    my aunt <propfemale> is the greatest aunt around   love her so much  
"ok you fucking ignorant cunt bitch, wanna talk shit   why dont u go smell a perk with ur feined ass  you want to cry wolf with hsptls   do us all a fav and fucking die already  u kno wat even better     ill b home soon hun, and u kno where i live  i took care of ur sorry ass for 4 months  b a woman about ur shit instead of a lil ass girl   and say it to me so i can  whoop ur sorry ass  u fucking crackhead whore "
i love the people in my life  my fam and friends r the reason y i can keep lookin forward to better days  smile 
thinks she caught a cold  annoyed   i hate this weather!!
juss got my nails did  lol
did not want to wake up yet  annoyed 
"im done with love  i thought i had found the right one, bt i guess i was wronge like usual its cool tho, on to da nxt one  wink "
im lucky im still young and able to fix the mistakes i've made  and yet old enough to realize this is a life lesson that i had to learn the hard way   
chillen wit my <propfemale>  smile 
i really need a drink  annoyed 
out for the night   any one wnt to make plans juss htc 
well if all goes to plan i should b gettn inkd up this weekend  smile 
makin sum life altering decisions today   
job hunting   wish me luck!!
"got money on my mind, and my mind on my money!!"
damn the bullshit <propfemale> ends   dudes b on sum <propfirst> shit <propfemale> u reject them  stop actn like a bitch n move on  get off it !!!
