bfef7d805e93ac7ee1c0c026432f4dee
happy 2010 everyone!!!  smile 
is finally an shs alum!  smile 
had a great time in the city and looking forward to brigantine in 6 days!!!
is waking up at 6 to leave for the beach at 7    so excited    brigantine for 2 weeks!!!
is having a great time at brigantine and the only thing that will make it perfect is to know who my roommate is (since i already know i'm rooming in m&m) ~ t - 36 days
"is so glad she finally has things falling into place and has 2 amazing countdowns going on    12 days til my birthday, 33 days til lehigh!  smile "
1 week until my birthday and 4 weeks until lehigh    so excited for both!
is tired but had an amazing time in the city! so excited to turn 18 in 4 days and for lehigh 13 in 25  smile 
turning 18 tomorrow!
finally 18!!!  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
12 & 17    soooo excited  smile 
10 & 15
"birthday party in 6, lehigh in 11! so excited  smile "
1 more week!!!
i gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night! lehigh in 5 days  smile 
lehigh tomorrow!!!  smile  soooo excited
is so sad that <propfirst> is going off to college tomorrow and im gonna miss her so much   she has no clue   love  ~jackie
is finally at lehigh and loving it  smile 
can't believe my first class starts in less than an hour!
can't believe lehigh is this amazing!!! tonight was great but tomorrow's gonna be even better  smile 
my phone is actually dead now    great 
had a much better day today than yesterday (especially since i have a functional phone again) but realized that my weekend has to be reorganized since no one goes out on sundays
2nd week of lehigh   
is done with the first day of soccer tryouts    second day is thursday now trying to focus on homework but its not really working
was home for a bbq yesterday but going back to classes today   
hates scheduling stuff because i always get caught in the middle with misinterpretations    sorry about lunch today   
needs to get out and work out to take a break from work   
9 11    always remembered
tgif! hopefully it stops raining before i go out   
i love college!!!
home for the holidays  be back in lehigh on monday
back at lehigh!  smile 
in summit until wednesday morning
back at lehigh!!!  smile 
just came back from the game    lehigh = amazing!
needs to be able to work out again    now  sad 
it's snowing!!!    in mid october   
needs it to be thursday!
omg    just finished watching saw 6    it was so crazy
1 more until #27!!! yankees!!!  smile 
this is the dream    its all i need!
love me hate me say what you want about me
time for the yanks to take it at home!  smile 
well    the philly fans were right about 1 thing    it didn't take the full 7 games for the series to be over #27 goes to us!!!  oh and btw    the yankees win!!!!!! theeee yankees win!
lehigh laff!!!  smile 
why do i have a test tomorrow on lehigh laff week??? i can't wait for tomorrow after 4:15 so i can continue with celebrating   
foreing policy test    done! ready to finally enjoy lehigh laff week!!!
extremely happy right now and loves her friends    they are amazing!!!
bonfire tonight!!!
yeah lehigh!!! we won in overtime    like there was no doubt we'd take it at home  smile 
"so far so good    lehigh schooled lafayette, the weekend was amazing, have no psych this week, and am coming back to the 908 on tuesday   "
happy thanksgiving!
so excited to be back at lehigh tomorrow!
last actual class   
loves how trying to be productive on a friday never works
it's snowing!  smile 
"done with psych forever (thank god)! one down, 2 to go   "
did everything i could to procrastinate    but now i'm in the library for a long time working on something i should have finished before finals week
one more blog to do    then sleepy time!!! (i actually feel productive today)
library + 2 1 hour long breaks (for dinner and workout) = life for the next 6 days until finals are over
looks like i'm not done with psych after all  sad     at least i have my fall schedule completely figured out for next year
i'm still awake after literally no sleep and reading about how terrorism is an effective political tool    this is my life
living my life in the isolated cubicle of the engineering library for another 5 days    then i'm back to the 908
foreign policy in less than 24 hours    fml
<propfemale> at 4    bring it on!
2 tests down    1 + a paper to go
having loads of fun switching between writing about bethlehem steel and reading about terrorism    can't wait until after world politics tomorrow so i can do nothing school related for a full 3 weeks
why am i up right now??? can't wait until 1:15 when i'm finally done with first semester academics!!! heading straight to jersey after my final's done   
done with finals and heading back to jersey!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  smile 
going to sleep a fantasy champion  smile 
happy new year everyone!!!
2011 starting to look good already    going back to lehigh in a week  smile 
so excited for lehigh in 5 days!!!  smile 
back to lehigh in 2 days!!!  smile 
j-e-t-s    jets! jets! jets!
back at lehigh!!!  smile 
rush starts today!  smile  so excited
philanthropy round tomorrow    can't wait for arts & crafts  smile  3 more rounds to go!
last round of rush today! bids come tomorrow morning  smile 
working on my ol application while watching the <propfirst> game    jets in about an hour! j-e-t-s    jets! jets! jets!
first day of classes
why am i so tired after only 2 days of class?
listening to nsync while reading about bin laden    can't get a more special combination than that lol    can't wait to finally go out tonight!
thank god it's finally friday!!!
extremely tired and hates schoolwork    why does the weekend have to be over???
fire alarm just went off    can't get back to sleep
saints!!!  smile 
psych is cancelled today!!!
its an official snow day!!!!!!!!  smile 
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!  smile 
psych = cancelled for tomorrow!  smile  don't have class until 1 surprise 0 now (and hopefully that can get cancelled too!)
just realized that going on facebook while listening to <propfirst> swift on my ipod is not something that's well accepted in fairmont    it's actually kind of intimidating
hopefully next week gets better than this one  annoyed 
just found out that terrorism was cancelled today by sitting in an empty classroom for 10 minutes and realizing no one was waiting outside the room
spring break officially started!  smile 
saw the producers yesterday and it was amazing! now bbq with the fam
poconos in 2 days    so excited  smile 
doing loads of work now but it's all gonna be worth it by tomorrow afternoon when spring break part 2 starts in the poconos
let's go lehigh men's basketball!!! luck *affayette!  smile 
lehigh    welcome to the big dance!!! beat lafayette!
had a good break but sooo excited to go back to lehigh tomorrow!
back in the 610 tomorrow!!!  smile 
yay! it's so nice outside!!!
happy saint <propfemale>'s day everyone!
lehigh still did a great job holding off the #1 seed for a good part of the game  smile ! it's a great day to be a mountain hawk!
1st day of official spring = amazing!
just shows that the weather at lehigh can't be gorgeous forever
one topic down in terrorism    one to go    damn chaim
"yay energy drinks, coffee, and all nighters!!!"
"great night last night with <propfemale> hoexter and <propfirst> murdock , something that made it even cooler = seeing <propfemale> mastroianni and <propfemale> marks"
just found out i was missing half of my work in my agenda so my earlish bed night just went out the window    thursday could not be coming at a better time (especially with no classes on friday)
happy easter everyone! going back to lehigh today  smile 
so excited that my weekend can start in less than 48 hours (30 to be exact) but for now i'm stuck in <propfemale> (aka my second home)
psych test in less than a half hour and then finally get to enjoy the weekend!  smile 
noises off in 2 hours and still feeling aftermath of last night    should be loads of fun
gtl = necessity for today
my life = one big mess
hopefully will feel better if i force myself to believe what i've been hearing for a while - that sleep is overrated
why am i in psych right now???
relay today (and i also find out who i'm hosting) after a great night!
got the exact schedule i wanted!  smile 
"ipe, theories, chinese, arabic, and math 51"
tomorrow afternoon (after 3 surprise 0) needs to happen now!
just finished my last exam until finals and have my english class cancelled for tomorrow  smile  = official start of weekend!!!
sundaze!!!!
last week of classes!  smile  *kinda don't want this semester to end though   
so happy that psych is actually useful in life   my cell is frustrated that it isn't a landline and therefore is taking out its frustration on me = frustration-aggression principle
2 more classes - one tomorrow one friday - then i'm done!
love how my clumsiness never ceases to amaze me
happy anniversary mom and dad!!!  love 
done with classes and its absolutely gorgeous outside    happy 21st mom and dad!  love 
"no phone for today or tomorrow because i don't have a charger (since i stupidly brought my charger to the library, left it there, and it got taken to the lost and found which is apparently closed until monday) *if anyone has a standard verizon charger (aka non-blackberry) i could just borrow for a single quick charge on my phone it would be greatly appreciated  smile "
love how i'm currently listening to my hw playlist in the library in order to motivate me to do work and it's causing the adverse reaction as i'm doing everything else possible other than work
yay overnights in fairmart!
a nice end of the year present = finding out i have an essay on 2 concepts i have no idea about and have 250+ pages of reading to do in order to understand them
it was nice seeing <propfemale> <propmale> today    made me a bit more excited to go back to jersey in 6 days    now back to studying
happy cinco de mayo everyone!
a short attention span = not particularly the best thing when you're trying to write essays on terrorism and healthcare
fml
just spent a half an hour discovering the touch screen computers in <propfemale>'s    hopefully psych went well but so happy its over so i can focus on my more important classes
4 classes down    1 to go    freshman year = officially over in a little less than 12 hours and going back to jersey on wednesday
done with basically everything    just one more test at 7!
done with exams and academics for freshman year!!!
almost done with packing    back in the 908 tomorrow
happy to be back in jersey but miss everyone from lehigh already!
just finished my first day of econ
just came back from <propfirst> hood    now econ for the rest of the day    fun fun
congrats class of 2010!  smile 
"miss lehigh so much right now (all my friends, actually being able to make decisions by myself, not being forced to go to sleep at 9 pm) and need to see people from lehigh really badly asap"
finally not going to get lost anymore  smile !
beach day today    so excited    first one of the summer!
"needs to start the countdown now    roughly 2 weeks until i see <propfemale> preusse, 3 weeks and 2 days until brigantine, 1 month and 13 days until i'm 19, and last but certainly not least 2 months until i'm back at lehigh!"
happy father's day! love you loads and thanks for everything!
econ done on friday morning when i mail in my test    then my summer can finally start  smile 
usa!!!  smile  yeah donavan!
congrats shs seniors class of 2010!!!
econ final in less than an hour    basically fml  sad 
done with econ!  smile 
sooo excited for this week to finally come! city on wednesday with catie liebel and <propfemale> hoexter and <propfemale> preusse coming down to jersey for fourth of july weekend starting on thursday!
still up and watching entourage    can't wait for later on today to see <propfirst> and catie!!!  smile 
great time with dinner in the city with catie liebel and <propfemale> hoexter tonight and can't wait to see <propfemale> preusse tomorrow night bc this long period of separation = not healthy!
sooo happy that <propfirst>'s here on her visit until monday! heading out to the city in like a half hour   
"2 weeks at the beach in 3, birthday in 23, and lehigh in a little more than a month! so excited for this part of the summer!  smile "
miss lehigh sooo much right now! only a month and roughly 10 days left!
brigantine tomorrow for 2 weeks!  smile 
finally starting to get color on vacation! beach day 1 out of 14 complete
"two very nice countdowns to wrap up the summer annoyed only 12 more days until i'm 19 and only a month and 4 days until lehigh (omg no words to describe how happy i am to say that it's coming very soon)"
back home from brigantine    19 in 5 days! lehigh in 27  smile 
finally 19 in 19 hours!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
3 weeks until lehigh!  smile 
gtl in 16 days!  smile 
"happy birthday dad! i love you so much and \you're the best father a daughter coul ever wish for ?  smile "
last countdown of the summer    lehigh in 9 days!!!  smile 
lehigh in a week!
"clothes shopping today, packing tomorrow, lehigh in 2 days!!!"
done with packing and preparing everything for school    lehigh bright and early tomorrow morning!!!  love 
lehigh!!!!!
just finished doing everything from my room    finally can say i'm officially at lehigh!!!!!  smile 
some patterns never fail    starting to reclaim <propfemale> as my second home this early in the semester - i want the weekend to come now so that i can go on a safari for imaginary animals and ride on a camel!
literally have to be in class in 3 hours    no point in sleeping now lol   pulled my first all nighter of the semester and surprisingly not feeling too bad right now
off to pitt for a weekend retreat    back late on sunday  smile 
wtf - reunion 11 5
can't wait until the weekend    until then i'll be living in <propfemale>
phone is not functional again    hopefully will fix it tomorrow after class (for now just fb me if you want to get in touch)
phone's magically working again  smile 
love the fact that the only class i'm taking just for graduation requirement reasons is stopping me from going out tonight because of an 8am test on the friday before pacing break
done with everything productive i had to do before break   just hanging out on campus now until i go to the 908 tomorrow afternoon
back at lehigh  smile 
why was such a cute outfit a waste tonight????
just recently got out of my first spooktacular which was amazing    now have to get back into the real world outside of trick or treating and pumpkin painting and start on my stockpile of work i saved for today  smile 
having a sleepover tonight in fairmart    probably will happen tomorrow too (can't wait until thursday!)
rave cinemas (aka promenade) -> approx 4 <propmale> from lehigh aka 1 hr of our own reenactment of a horror film by car
off to lancaster for ec summit all weekend in a couple of hours!
thanks to summit still have bieber fever stuck in my head    not the most productive thing when you're trying to focus on the bottom-up theory of ir but had such a great time this weekend that i wouldn't have it any other way!
now officially the start of lehigh laff week!  smile 
rule #1: never leave your computer alone in <propfemale> or else some random froshie will force log you off and get rid of all the notes you did and were about to save and print out right after you got your coffee (aka hello all nighter)
just knocked out registration  smile  got lucky for the 2nd semester in a row with being logged out of the system twice and still getting all my first choice classes while 2 out of the 5 only had 10 open spots before registration started    now really need to go out and celebrate lehigh laff week!
"lehigh 2    lafayette 0\ready for the night of champs  smile "
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!  smile  also first snow of the season!
finally have a functioning computer again!!!
need ipe and theories to be over soon so i can start having fun again
needed that power nap so badly    now back to work on my essay
feeling sick right during the last week of classes    just what i need right now
good thing i went to the review that i was debating skipping because i just found out another reason why i dislike math: the final was pushed up from the scheduled time of 8 am on the 16th to 8 am tomorrow morning
1 test between me and winter break
fml until ipe at 4    then back to 908 tomorrow afternoon
j-e-t-s    jets jets jets!!!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!  smile 
its snowing!!! a day late for a white christmas but still nice when you get to stay inside with football all day  smile 
had a great time in nyc with catie moran even though we almost got run over by several cars   buses and thrown into the middle of a random fist fight lol
can't wait to see what 2011 has in store  smile 
jersey shore tonight  smile  lehigh in 3 days  love 
win win situation = jets win vs  manning and the colts & going back to lehigh in a little more than 12 hrs  smile 
finally at lehigh!!!  smile 
first day of rush done  smile 
j e t s    jets jets jets!!! steelers    you're next  smile 
actually gonna be somewhat productive today
one of the few things i would like to change about lehigh: magically make it so that it gets the same weather as the west coast with beaches included
prospects cancelled today! no class until 1  smile 
1st ice day i've ever e playful erienced    i'll take it  smile !
officially a zeta!  smile  ?
happy valentines day everyone!  smile  truly grateful for everyone who's been there for me    this vtines day goes to you!  love 
thursday night with jersey shore and hsm soundtrack in <propfemale>    glorious!
i'm an <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  great night except for the fact i'm covered in yellow paint!!!
cannot wait until tomorrow night when i'm actually able to live in my room again and have access to key objects (i e  my cell charger)  smile 
908 in a couple of hours
gtled (gym tan library) most of break    but so glad to be back at lehigh now  smile 
"cannot wait until thursday after 10 smile 0    i'll finally know where i'm going to be living next year, know if i'll have an ec position, be finished with my lit review and test (also be done with my legit classes for the week in general), and finally be able to relax and enjoy the holiday spirit  smile "
so excited to actually have a place to live now for next year!!!  smile 
does anyone know if kaufmann is back   if he's teaching classes today?
st  <propfemale>'s day officially starts in less than an hour & its absolutely gorgeous outside!  smile 
gonna pull an all-nighter tonight for the one i missed last night  annoyed 
i knew the time had to come soon    officially phoneless until i go to the verizon store to get everything sorted out    at least my phone put up a semi decent fight lol
