f2a92312e0540e551d9be366e8933e0e
is drving saturday and is nervous out of my mind!
"we only got 86,400 seconds in a day, to turn it all around or throw it all away, we gotta tell 'em that we love 'em while we got the <propmale> to say, gotta live like we're dying   "
going scubadiving saturday 
scuba diving is amazing  i take back everything negative i said  even a rock wall looked awesome 
did it  now i just need to think 
enjoys not having any regrets about anything he has ever done 
"it's funny, isn't it? the people who seem the happiest on the outside are usually torn on the inside, leaving the truly optimistic people out in the dark, fumbling for the words that could change the person's attitude, and never finding them "
needs a less depressing status 
loves metal slimes!
is going scubadiving in the grand cayman islands wednesday through sunday  i will see you guys monday!
"thinking of you, wherever you are  we pray for our sorrows to end, and hope that our hearts will blend  now i step forward to realize this wish  and who knows, maybe starting a new journey won't be so hard, or maybe it has already begun  there are many worlds, but they all share the same sky  one sky, one <propfemale> "
"i'm at the airport  saw a typical \gangster\"" and his super-model hot girlfriend playing pokemon waiting for the plane  faith in the world = renewed """
"i'm back from the caymans everyone, you can party now!"
feels like a cloud 
is stuck in a theoretical coffin of nails 
noticed that wishing for twice as much sex when you get none at all is still none   
"my retainer, when placed on a flat surface, is invisible unless light is shined directly on it  my teeth have a ninja holding them in place!"
if i could draw the pictures i see in my head i'd be famous 
\the cake is not a lie," it just tends to stray from the truth   \""\"f2a92312e0540e551d9be366e8933e0e,now knows that the end of the world is coming in the summer of 2011 
is trying to teach his cat to put the lid back down after using the toilet 
noticed that today was friday the 13th and nobody said anything about it 
thanks god for 15 years of life!
thanks all who remembered my birthday!
got his permit 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ky7xg92anry&feature=related  it never fails to bring a smile to my face!
"post a comment with a random number, 1-10!"
thinks the sky is a beautiful color tonight 
"why does every girl i fall for look and act happy on the outside, but actually have deep emotional problems?"
i call mijumaru!
from here until release date i will be doing a countdown to isshu  days remaining: 14 
"just for your information, this is in jst (japanese standard time ) countdown to isshu: days remaining: 14 "
countdown to isshu: days remaining: 13 
countdown to isshu: days remaining: 12 
"my profile pic is a shimama, to any of you who didn't know  countdown to isshu: days remaining: 11 "
"it's a little late, but    countdown to isshu: days remaining: 10 "
gah! i'm sorry that i forgot to update the past few days    countdown to isshu: days remaining: 7 
falcon pawnch! countdown to isshu: days remaining: 6 
we will never forget! send a prayer for the ones who lost their lives today  countdown to isshu: days remaining: 5 
"there are many more new legendaries than i would've liked, but i'm still excited  countdown to isshu: days remaining: 4 "
it's the calm before the nerdstorm  countdown to isshu: days remaining: 3 
"ooh, soft! lulz  gotta love zidane  countdown to isshu: days remaining: 2 "
"i want to be the best, there ever was, to beat all the rest, yeah, that's my cause! electrode, diglett, nidoran?, mankey\venusaur, rattata, fearow, pidgey\seaking, jolteon, dragonite, gastly\ponyta, vaporeon, poliwrath, butterfree!\countdown to isshu: days remaining: 1 5 "
night of the final day  15 hours remain  (any one who gets that reference deserves a cookie!) countdown to isshu: hours remaining: 15 
holy shiz hot balls of flaming jesus juice! black and white are out! wahoo! *heart attack*
i have evolved due to the awesomeness of black and white 
playing games without knowing how to read them ftw!
"unfortunately, you were never that strong in the first place   "
blame the truth on me 
you are my light 
"\now we can fight like real warriors; hand-to-hand! it is the basis of all combat  only a fool trusts his life to a weapon \""\",f2a92312e0540e551d9be366e8933e0e,just got his computer back up  i had to wipe the memory to erase a virus  now for the agonizing process of recovering all the files   
"just reached the mirage arena  i'm gonna beat the dwarf woodlands and the castle before i go, though  wait for me, ven "
just got the first haircut that he likes ever 
is going to try to hook his psp up to the internetz so he can play birth by sleep online 
"life's a test, a game you play  except you can't just have a 'continue' or 'quit' selection made ready for you when you lose  people usually take their lives for granted, or they complain how their life isn't good enough  we were born in this world to serve a purpose  a purpose we choose, whether it's right or wrong  we choose what we do in life, we choose our goal, our reason for living \-<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>"
master xehanort (old version) will be the main villian of kh3! he will return due to his nobody and heartless both being destroyed  sora and riku go to <propfemale> <propmale> for the <propfirst> of mastery exam 
empty root beer makes me sad 
the name's <propfemale>; got it memorized?
never and forever   wink 
"sometimes you get a little chunk\sometimes you get a whopper\but the moment that you're stomach churns\you shouldn't try to stop her\'cause the food you put inside yourself\is not prone to erosion\and the longer that you hold it back,\the bigger the e playful losion "
"best friend, owner, lover, father  rest in peace <propfirst>; you will be missed "
it's a fine day for tea and crumpets! best battle cry ever 
you know your priorities are messed up when you would rather read a sub-par comic than try to figure out what to do with the condor in illusions of gaia out of sheer lack of motivation  i'm pretty sure that's a sign of depression    0 o
life is too short to waste on unhappiness 
my first video game song of the day is up  i'm having to put this as my status to let you guys know because no one will tell me how to tag people 
"\power is a gift given only to those with the confidence to weild it \"""""
female leafeon 
"<propfemale> just killed a mouse, warriors style  i'm so proud!"
is contemplating contacts 
if i could write you a song and make you fall in love then i would already have you under my arm  if i had any musical talent at all 
my new song of the day is out     but fb wouldn't let me tag anyone in it 
zombieland was amazing  in a gorey sort of way 
is very excited for epic <propfirst>!
"just did 666 damage to an enemy, and got a holy water after killing it    i'm confused "
nostalgia is some powerful stuff  the best part? non-addictive 
i have hidden you    between the ticks of the clock  and here we can wile away the moments of eternity    together at last 
"is sufficently terrified by the realization of the true nature of giygas  oh, and the creation of brood mothers "
*sigh* rule 81 is true   
"\only we walk the old road now  travellers    in <propfemale> caravans \"""""
"do not think about purple elephants while reading this! you did, didn't you!?"
"so it's 5:50, and i'm still at school  just thought i'd let the world know  my fingers are so numb i can't feel the keyboard   "
"oh, yes, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you "
why did i think this was a good idea ever?
just wants to sleep  for a long time   
pointless person is pointless because me saying this is pointless!
never say good-bye; it means you will not return  always say see you later 
"if the lamps of linked souls~\point to your heart~\do you hear the echoes now~\stronger than words?~"
"i'm very dissapointed that \like a boss\"" won't play on his phone   """
"\what happened  ?\"" \""you got knocked the crap down  it was funny  lol \"""""
what a great way to start christmas break   
"ha ha, central and robinson have school today!"
"pooh: \why are you always in such a bad mood?\""\",f2a92312e0540e551d9be366e8933e0e,i'm drinking eggnog by the quart  unhealthy? yes  worth it? no doubt 
"i'm perfectly safe! nothing bad will ever happen! especially not right now \   \woops, i died!"
"\there's an ant on my arm    thank you for not biting me but i have to kill you \"""""
"march 6th, 2011  do you have what it takes?"
rofling in the snow 
"hate breeds fear, and fear breeds hate  thus the darkness steals within   "
"just saw tron legacy  it was amazing, but <propfirst> has quite a lot of work to do   "
never try to go backwards down the stairs   
"work it harder,\make it better,\do it faster,\makes us stronger "
"every day you live your life so full of hope,\you shouldn't drag your soul around you like a leather vogue   ~"
me: the space narwhals are coming to kill us all!    hayden: of course  they've been planning this all along 
"\transform and roll out! that's what a ditto does after transforming into a phanpy \""\",f2a92312e0540e551d9be366e8933e0e,"i finished cave story a few minutes ago  it's a wiiware game for 1200 points  if you like side-scrolling platform shooters then you should check this out  even if you don't, like me, then you should still take a look at it "
profile picture  'nuff said 
i'm amazing at the amount of people complaining about boredom due to no school  wouldn't you be more bored there!?
"automated provisioning sucks  i hate you, time <propmale> cable  ;3"
"just heard that the dream world will not be released at the start of black and white  it's supposedly to keep the servers from being overloaded, like what happened in japan, but do they not know that pokemon isn't nearly as popular here as over there   ?"
i do not regret spending the night doing nothing  at all   smile 
i think they should make a pill that gives you the necessary stuff so that you don't have to sleep 
pokemon can be dark when it wants to be  you just have to look past its kiddie outer shell 
"this just in: cave story is coming to the 3ds with more content, 3-d graphics, and overall more epicness  also, a sequel is planned "
learn to english? no shall i not!
"\i'm here for my dance classes  i should warn you    i look darn good in a tutu \"""""
"\if you were going to give up that easily then you never would have chased that dream in the first place \"""""
it would be hard for life to be any better 
europe gets black and white tomorrow  not fair   
can you feel the pull of light and dark? step into a brand new world: black and white!
team plasma are a bunch of hypocrites   
the c-gear and the dream world seems really freakin' complicated 
i found a shiny golett 
"perfection is unattainable, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try our hardest to achieve it and improve ourselves "
was searching for a special picture on here    i never found it 
"good night facebook, and everyone "
