0cc8ddf1d4b45e2995e86676d623171d
frustrated with life  my mouth hurts from these teeth just cant wait to see the oral surgeon on aug 6th   wish it would come sooner!!
almost divorced    yaaaaaa!!!!
having teeth extracted on 8-19-09  i have to have 4 of them out!!!yaaaa     i know it sounds funny to be excited but have already had to much pain to care 
okay! my cat is screwed in the head! she will eat boxelder bugs! but tonight just topped it off of the bugs my cat will eat! she was trying to eat a cricket! i saved it and let it go outside  now i know what she was chasing all over the house today crying  i turned and i said to her was it trying to invade your home? she just meowed at me! lol
in total pain right now  just had oral surgery for the second time in one spot in two weeks  i just feel like kicking and screaming even though i know i cant   sad 
"today has been a great baking day: <propfemale> made pb & j brownies, i made chocolate chip cookies yesterday and molasses cookies today! so now i want a nap! lol"
"yesterday, i didnt get a <propmale> to say \ i got a job!!!\"" working at upstream in fargo nd! yaaaaa! good pay and benefits """
omg    20th street in front of my house is finally starting to look like a partial road instead of a big deep trench! ya!
stuck at home with the flu bug!!!
going out to clean my garage before winter hits  gotta get stuff organized~
<propfemale> is off to school instead of being sick and now i am the one who is sick! again! its going around!
"since, i wasn't on yesterday! i have to say it today! yesterday, a very good friend of mine would have turned 36 years old! but this year is another sad year without her! rip <propfirst> rice!"
3 days to go
i am 30 years old today!!! yaaaa!!!
omg! i feel spoiled!! lol  smile 
"made 4 1 2 dozen chocolate chip cookies! 4 dozen went to my man! today, making sugar and molasses cookies and maybe some peanut butter ones!!"
okay i am starting to get tired! do to work i have been up since 430 am! had t be to work by 6am!!!
sorry for swearing but i feel pretty shitty right now! 3 cracked ribs~ just want to scream sad 
still feeling pretty icky! just hanging in bed most the day with movies and a book! <propfemale> has been trying help me feel better! she is the best at cheering me up!
trying to clean house and get summer clothes to the garage! very hard with 3 cracked ribs and a daughter who has lost her ideas in helping mom out! errr
spent some down time with the love of my life (not my daughter she is the second love of my life!!!)!
happy thanksgiving every one!!!!
going to take my daughter to school then i will be back online! lol  smile 
been making cookies all day today!
nervous    thinking about things i might forget   leaving on a jet train headed for minrot   for christmas! lol
got here now its a blizzard wish i had some mint cookies to go with my blizzard!!
cant wait to get home leaving to day at 9 to go back to fargo  had a great christmas with family here  need to go to my chiropractors office and get readjusted  lol
i am sooo sick of this f'in snow! i want to move back to washington state! please take me back there lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy 2011 everyone!!!!
"packing, getting ready for my mom to come visit next week!"
trying to relax and stay pain free   5 days after surgery resting at home    
"i am trying to be creative in my new apartment  <propfemale> and i just upgraded to a two bedroom  i want my bathroom to be in a design of a water hole with ducks, frogs, and dragon flies  the three types of creatures i love  if you have any ideas let me know "
this adorable little tyke gets himself into a sticky situation when he climbs behind this unmovable couch to find some toys he has thrown back there video url: http annoyed  video yahoo com network 100284668?v=6777887&l laugh 774749
i have been trying to figure out if the theory i base on myself is true to others who were born before there due date or after there due date into another sign  my theory is mainly that if one is born before or after there due date does there due date chart still influence there lives  this would mean that one would have 2 charts instead of one 
going to bed!!
"sometimes, i think people base opinions upon others way before there due! no one truly knows how someone will turn out   as a kid we are given labels and truly i don't think anyone deserves those labels!"
here is mine <propfemale> on urbandictionary com <propfemale>: a very nice person who always has a funny joke to lighten up your day with humour  they will never let you down and they will always have 2 ears to listen and 1 mouth to speak  sometimes they are a blabber mouth and other times they just don't say anything  a <propfemale> is someone you will want to be with forever 
<propfemale> is going to monster trucks tonight! today has been an better day   even though i had a girl back into me today  i completly stopped and honked when i noticed that she was pulling out but she kept going  no damage to either vehicles thank god!!! i am losing big time weight after my surgery  in 3 weeks i have dropped 6 sizes  ya
"dinner with boyfriend, without <propfemale>!"
boyfriend went home to get ready for tomorrow; waiting on <propmale> to show up! <propfemale> had fun at the monster trucks event!
just done cleaning my room and now about to clean my kitchen and get ready for supper!!
i wish that some people could just grow up! i can't believe that there are parents out there that i am friends with that like to threaten there children when the parent doesnt get his her way! how pathetic!!!
it feels good to talk to people i never thought possible!!! didn't realize how great breaking through the barrier was    until now!!!
don't know how i did it but i threw out three rib heads in my back   gosh it hurts  thank god for chiropractors!!!
very happy    passed my permit test! 3 months ill go take my license 
ok repartitioning a laptop   could it get any slower!!!! bored!
last night everytime i bashed facebook on chat i would get an error saying i was abusing facebooks policy   lol    it was freakin slow last night and nothing was loading lol
i really hate facebook chat tonight  cant talk to many people this way   lol   
working on a laptop tonight!!! thank god its not mine   its a friend of a friends and gosh dang does she have alot of shit on this computer!
<propfemale> missed her bus so mom is taking her to school!
been working on refurbishing 4 desktops  its fun to do as a hobby  lol! the next part is getting rid of them  a person only needs so many computers in there place of living  i have 3!
"eating <propfemale> candies   went to the asian market today! gosh, i just love that place  i could spend forever there  thinking of making <propmale> kha tonight! yummi"
my kid is sleep walking again! how can i make it stop!
working on computers tonight  i dont know how many more i can put in my living room  need to get rid of some 
fyi: hey if anyone is looking for a desktop computer i have 10 that are 50 00 a piece  i have 2 home entertainment desktops with good video and graphic cards in them for 100 00 a piece  i also a have 1 17 inch laptop that has 1 gb of ram and 80 gb hard drive  for 275 00!
trying to build my fund for a new vehicle   
i forgot and did a big no no in the land computers  i forgot to check the hd before reinstalling it  er! more work to do!!!
today's fa meeting is now in session  hi my name is <propfemale> and i am a facebook-aholic!
i was listening on the radio today  they said in recent polls that if you check your fb more then twice a day then technically you are addicted 
"today, is supprisingly good  monday, i start training at sei under the mcdonalds account  i will be troubleshooting! excited here!!"
don't get it! i redid my resume a few weeks ago  with that this week i was offered a new position and i have four more interviews this week  what to do? what to do?
"can't wait for friday!!! friends, fun, drinking, fun, lol"
why are some people so ignorant!
i am wondering if anyone uses p2p software to download music and videos etc? if you do   do you use any privacy for isp traffic software? can you please give me some feedback on this!
"i have been upset at <propfemale>'s school now for 4 years  finally, i am switching schools! <propfemale> asked me if she had a choice? i told her \no\""! i had the last straw on friday when the ld teacher told me that as long as <propfemale> was in excel this summer that i have no concerns with her education """
"true story  friends of ours recently rehabbed a house and installed a toilet  they had no problems removing the old toilet and none while installing the new, but in between they had a big surprise  after removing the old toilet, one of the guys stuffed wadded-up paper towels down the waste hole to prevent sewer gas from entering the first floor bathroom "
i wish fb would quit screwing with my chat!!!!!
been working on desktops since noon today! 2 of them are already taken and i have 4 more that i have been working on! lol those are up for grabs for anyone  i love this working at home bit  too bad its only part time!
funny thing happened last night  before i put <propfemale> to bed  i told her i wished it would just thunder and lightning and let the rain come down really good to clear up the humidity here  this morning around 2 or after that it thundered and lightning and rained good  <propfemale> says mom why do your wishes come true? they are simple and easy!
i can't believe it got to be 91 in fargo  i called my mom and in hazen in was only 67  what a total difference!
going to go watch up with <propfemale>!
felt like it got close to 100 today! i just keep getting red on my arms that is  every day more redness occurs  just wish i could tan like my kid  by the end of the summer she looks like an indian and i look like a lobster  lol
"as i awoke this morning, i sent a text to bf cause he is retired military  i thanked him for serving in the military for our freedom  as well as i thank and think of all those i know serving, that are, that have, and that died serving for our freedom!"
"i hate to say something   because then i wouldn't be keeping it safe anymore   i would be living a dangerous life  but how can one join a group that says \guys who hurt women deserve to have there face beaten in \"" when all this person ever did was hurt others  what a two-faced bastard    """
"if you have a wonderful man, who works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, who makes you laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with you, will always pick you up when you're down, who is your world and someone that you're thankful for, then post this to your status, and give the good men       the recognition they deserve   because great men are few and far between and i have one!*** "
i am thankful for fb's security team and their laws on harrassment! thanks!
"today, could be a great day for a swim!"
driving home in the rain with bf! we went to jamestown to drop a computer off!
completed the work of 2 desktop computers  working on a third tonight before calling it a night 
this time i sunburned bad enough it hurt!    thank god my kid loves me  she put allow on my back and shoulders! god bless her!
"you can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel "
"at busy bubbles in fargo, doing laundry    its never quite done "
"okay, we have 45 minutes left of june 14 but i gotta say it! i haven't seen anyone else post it  happy 233rd birthday united states flag! yayaya!"
"listening to <propfirst> marster sing \come as you are\""!"""
"feeling pretty happy with myself, figured out i could put an extra 4 rows of seeding land on farmville if i gave up one row on top for my barns, toys and animals lol   went from 396 acres to 462 acres lol    loving it "
"i do not understand why friends offer themselves up to help and then when the offer is taken up on, the friend says they are busy  why say it if you don't mean it! errr!"
2 days until i head home to hazen to see my parents and spend until monday with them!
"at family reunion in deadwood, sd! i will post pics as soon as i get on my own computer! lol"
just got 7 desktops that i get to refurbish and sell! plus 3 or 4 more 2 weekends ago  i am going to be a busy chickadee  lol
i think i am at the happiest moment of my day! after <propfemale> waking up last night at 1:25am    she has finally crashed! just 20 hours late!
my kid now has what she has wanted all day long  fake nails  she looks like a zebra on the hands but she is happy!
"finally, <propfemale> got her acceptence letter to reinertsen elementary school, in moorhead! she is now excited! she can not wait to find out her who her new teacher is! she is ready for a new start!"
too damn hot wishing for rain!
my living room and kitchen are nice and comfortable but when you go to the hall way and to the bedrooms its freakin hot still  oh well! in the evening it will get nice and cool in the bedrooms since most of the wind is from the south and that is were the windows are in the bedroom! going to the store so i can get my rent paid lol!!!
happy independence day! happy birthday usa! going to buffalo state park with <propfemale> and then to msum for fireworks!
my kid is asleep and its time to relax! http annoyed  chatter com a cx4j5?ref=nf
thinking about when i was sixteen  i watched a movie about a young 16 17 year old girl who wished she could die and how she would do it! i'm glad i didn't but i think we all go through the stage were we dont believe anyone cares! it took me until i lost everything i loved too see i have too much to lose! thank god for the years i was homeless! it makes you wake up and see life in a whole <b>new< b> world!
reading some of the editorials on the things i subscribe to on my twitter site  one is mom logic    it cracks me up and makes me cry at the same time! its got to be good!
gosh im tired   my head isnt helping a bit  i think its the antibiotics that is kicking me in the butt!
"funny thing,i just was checking birth charts on my godson, <propmale>, and my friend <propfemale>'s son, <propmale>! <propmale> and i have the same rising sign in cancer and same <propfemale> in taurus! but the design in my chart is the same as <propmale>'s "
my cat was hysterical early this morning! i am reading the news and it says that they believe funnel clouds are responsible for the havoc the storm caused last night! i feel sorry for lisbon! it sounds like they have an obstacle course to clean up! more like that all the way   i heard!
"your mom is your hero, your best friend and the best mother ever, \whether you are blessed to have your mom still with you, or if she is an\angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone \know you are proud of your mom and you love her  i love you mom!"
i don't understand why woman like to torment themselves by being friends with ex's that were abusive to them! i have a three strike policy and it means forever when your out!  i don't look back i look forward! why should guys like that deserve friends! wtf!!!
"i'm sitting hear in my room reading \growing up firstborn\"" by dr  <propfirst> leman! i have to say i am a fan  i have alot of his books! but i am somewhere between a firstborn and an only because as a child and through adulthood i have created a separation between my siblings and i """
i am feeling this is talk about myself night since realization of stupidity happens quicker then learning something new!
i am working part time right now for centro cultural! i am helping them set up a computer lab this week! wonder what is instore next week !lol
just waking up for a nap! i am very thankful i have a great little girl who knows when her mom needs a nap! thanks <propfemale>
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bullshit, drama queens , liars, & fake people keep this sneeze going!"
"i am reading a new book it is called \one day my soul just opened up\"" by iyanla vanzant  i love her quote in this book  \""remain open  there is something bigger than you know going on here \"""""
very frustrated today! my kid was up at 3am and has not been to bed since! she is very irritating!
"libra woman are  the most feminine of the zodiacal type  it has been said that although she thinks like a man, she reasons like a woman  these woman have a natural ability to make relationships work though self-sufficient, they are not happy alone and usually ave a partner in their lives   ~that could be why i get along better with guys then women! lol~"
@ work! internet still sucks but i got our wireless up and running! ya!
"next thursday, friday, saturday; <propfemale> and i will be in minneapolis with bf and <propfemale>!"
"yesterday, <propfemale> and i had a blast  we both went to the salon and got our hair cuts  then we went to walmart and got some red hair dye; i talked her out of burgandy coloring  after that we went to <propfemale>'s supplies and got some blue <propfemale> so we could streak or chunk our hairs   hers looks great the blue <propfemale> actually turned a purple with her hair and mine blue <propfemale> didnt take  oh well   i wil take pics later!"
pondering how tall will <propfemale> be? that is the thought going through my head right now! she is 9 years old! she is already 4'10 and her shoe size is 8 1 2! she still growing! i bet she will be taller then me!
"gosh,i have alot of work to do! damn, i enjoy it!  lol working on some projects for work plus i have to write a report on our food pantry program!"
"if you date 1000 men, 600 will be ok, 300 will be morons, jagweeds, cads, dickheads, and numbnuts, & 100 will be winners! lol"
"in the last recent months, i had enough swag bucks to turn into $25 00 usd in  paypal  which is nice to have the extra money  anyone who doesnt have swagbucks that would like to have it please email me or tell me through comments and i will send you a referral link!!"
<propfemale> sick! lol 2weeks into school  looks like a lovely winter!
yesterday i was talking to a co-worker and she says <propfemale> your a go-go <propfemale>  yea i guess that makes since cause i am always asking my boss for more work  and i already have lots of work at home to do  i still make time for it all  but now i am getting back in the mind frame to lose weight  centro cultural's fundraiser and the bremer give-to-the-kids challenge starts tuesday the 28th of september 
spending with my bf today since his work has him gone for the whole week!
hoping today is a better day at work   i have been terribly aggrevated! but i have an interview on friday for a position as an administative assistant!
"thanks so far to <propmale>, <propmale> and <propfemale>, <propmale>, rani, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> for wonderful birthday wishes!!"
thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes! although little old ladies were out to make tuna out of me! lol
q: why is the numis network always talking about how much money you make from getting new members to <propfemale> http annoyed  www society me q 1891617 view
"q: if you're a fashion designer,what would be the name of your fashion label? a: jadedmika http annoyed  www society me q 1891618 view"
q: which museum did you like the most? where is it? does it have a website? a: science museum in minnea http annoyed  www society me q 1891621 view
q: who is the best looking man country singer and prettiest woman country singer? a: <propmale> gill in my b http annoyed  www society me q 1891624 view
q: what is your favorite rock song? a: acdc back in black! awesome love it!!! http annoyed  www society me q 1891626 view
"q: no need to have prior e playful erience in order to become a webmaster, is it right?\http annoyed  hoztin com a: l http annoyed  www society me q 1891628 view"
q: how is <propfirst> <propmale> doing? a: who knows although she could teach briston palin a thing or two about  http annoyed  www society me q 1891634 view
"q: i have a relationship and i know that my bf loves me,but sometimes i´m not sure i love him that much http annoyed  www society me q 1891638 view"
q: do u mostly write love or life poetry? a: both! http annoyed  www society me q 1891639 view
q: who was your favorite poet in high school? a: <propmale> <propfirst> poe and <propfirst> frost http annoyed  www society me q 1891640 view
q: what is the best love song past or present? a: come what may from the sound track on moulin rouge http annoyed  www society me q 1891643 view
q: who's your favorite designer?  a: gucci http annoyed  www society me q 1891644 view
q: there's this guy that i like and he likes me back     and i found out that he doest want to ask me o http annoyed  www society me q 1891650 view
q: do you like to be single? a: single is ok! it has its good points and its bad points like every thin http annoyed  www society me q 1891651 view
q: what do you like about the new 2011 chevrolet cruze http annoyed  www chevrolet com cruze  a: its fuel econ http annoyed  www society me q 1891656 view
q: what can u do to really be free? a: freedom is awesome; most of us don't realize how good we have it http annoyed  www society me q 1891669 view
"q: what's the worst thing u have ever done on or to anyone on fb? a: had a relationship with a guy, tha http annoyed  www society me q 1891671 view"
q: the best scary movie of all time past and present? a: poltergiest http annoyed  www society me q 1891672 view
q: do you like <propfirst> swift? a: yes she is a great musician http annoyed  www society me q 1891673 view
"q: i love my bf, he's my world but what happens if this one girl always flirts with him in front of me? http annoyed  www society me q 1891678 view"
"q: i´m so so in love    is 1 year older that me,nd we know both are in love     what should i do?? i lo http annoyed  www society me q 1891680 view"
q: do boys look better in skinny jeans or baggy trousers? a: that is a hard one but i gotta say i like  http annoyed  www society me q 1891683 view
q: who'd win in freestyle eminem or dappy?? a: eminem    anyone can give him shit and he knows how to m http annoyed  www society me q 1891689 view
q: do you know a kind of shoes named slippers???  wink  a: sure everyone does http annoyed  www society me q 1891691 view
q: descibe your dream guy girl a: if i knew what he looked like then he wouldnt be a dream guy! lol http annoyed  www society me q 1891692 view
went to eat pray love    what a wonderful inspiration! totally loved it! so did my boyfriend!
waking up every 3 hours sucks but mint with any pop is nasty although pepsi is most tolerable with mint!
"need imput! i am working on opening my own administrative and computer service business  i have gone through tons of ideal names for my business  this is my recent idea  my kid likes it alot  \lady najera's office & computer services\"" or \""lady najera's office it\""; what do you like! or leave your own idea!"""
i got a few texts from people who think that if i use lady in my business name that people could take it as something sexual! is it too exotic?
idea! i want everyone to participate in this so i get alot of good words! when you think of me: mika: what is the first word that comes to mind! please be clean about it and not cruel!
i got an interview at state bank and trust for a system operator technician! ( remember support earlier temp income before own business gets a move on life!)   its on thursday!
omg my kid is home for 5 days! lol she has off due to parent teacher conferences and teacher training! lol tomorrow starts her lovely 5 day vacation home! what are we to do together! gosh i love this wonderful time we spend together!
"i loved you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face & fell in love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you, & to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious    decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life!"
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only one: to get better i know, that 97% will not post this as their status, be one of the 3% and put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it!"
can't believe its only 10 smile 0pm thought it was much later!
i wish i could sleep well! <propfemale> probably slept good! went to bed at 310 and got up at 715 it sucked! havent sleept well in almost 2 weeks! i think it has to do with wednesday's trip to the cities! lol
55 and rain in minnesota loving it! no s*** word yet!
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, pissy girls from\califorinia but we minnesota girls have fire and ice in our blood!!!! \we can ride 4 wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, fish with the \boys, bake a cake and love with a passion, and if we have an opinion you\       know your gonna hear it!!! repost if your a minnesota girl!!!!"
irritated am i tonight!
on our way to the cities in this bs weather!
just got to u of mn waiting to see the dentist
?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?put this on your status if you have the most awesome daughter(s) in the world?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•?
"thanks to the great friends i have here in fargo-moorhead  i will be able to keep <propfemale> in school instead of taking her with me as i go to minneapolis for another dental appointment! i will be going to minneapolis for 5 more appointments! it was long but it was great to get more information! i guess, i am a unique case when it comes to the denistry school at the university of minnesota!"
i really hope moorhead residents voted for the levy! if it doesn't get passed this time our children will end up going down to 4 days of schooling a week instead of 5 with lots of programs cut!
"today, <propmale> and i were working on wiping computers  he gave me a piece of 2gb ram  he didnt know where it would be best at he told me to try it in my laptop! so i did  i am almost maxing my laptop out on ram  it now has 3 gb of ram in it! i'm so thankful for all the special things my man gives to me!"
today i am on a cleaning spree! i have a small bedroom since i gave <propfemale> the master bedroom when we moved in  after staying up late last night i decided to get on a kick to make my room the most functional room possible  i think i was up until 2 am  then i woke up at 7am and started working on my closet 
another day of 60-65 today in fargo! yayaya
working on rearranging and cleaning my living room and kitchen!
workin on my kitchen this morning! making the layout my own!
what is up with facebook tonight none of my games will open!!! errr
interesting thought to who would make a good director for the remake of the wizard of oz? any interesting ideas? who would you <propfemale> as the characters if you could pick? want to know your ideas?
i hate these freakin migraines! they are from my jaw  i wake up with them and i go to sleep with them! i really hate them!
"today is world hello day! so hello to all you guys! this day began in 1973 in response to the conflict between egypt and <propmale> and to show the importance of personal communication to promote peace  so today, say a nice big hello to everyone (including people you dislike!) to prove to our leaders that conflicts can be resolved by communication, not force!"
"deep in thought today after looking at the obits for minot, nd area!"
thank god my mild headaches go away! i am eating corn beef hash and egg for dinner while <propfemale> and <propmale> got steak!
happy thanks giving too all!
wonders why there are no painkillers for emotional pain?!?
"i may not always stand up for myself   but i will always stand up for my child! you her my child and you will see a kitten, turn into a tigress!!"
i feel soooo sick today and i dont even have the flu   see what stress can do!
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be so he put his arms around you and whispered come with me with tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away although we loved you dearly,we could not make you stay a <propfemale> heart stopped beating,hard working at rest god broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas"
back to single life! lol    this shall be fun! haha
<propfemale> (daughter)  is going through a rough time she really needs lots of words of encouragement and prayer!
if shit isn't pooring in my personal life its pooring in my social life too!
okay on top of all the stress my daughter and i are going through   now i have tonsilitis! sound like fun yet! ugh
i could just b*tch slap some people!
i think that with all the new astrology bs we should just go back to the beginning and use the mayan astrology and calendar then we wouldnt be so messed up!
i am shocked to say that <propfemale> and i have been in the living room since she came back from the movies! so about 5pm  also today has been a good day even with me being sick!
good morning all!
feeling like coughing up a tonsil!
a good friend will comfort you when you cry; but a best friend will drive around for hours with a shovel finding the loser who made you cry 
spending a nice evening with <propfirst> and <propfemale> tonight! vegged out in the living room!
can't believe that my f**king ex-husband is trying to add me on facebook! what a freaking fag!
i think its funny after almost 3 wks of dating my bf; my mom is finally asking all the questions and she doesnt care that he is living with me! lol
"believes that every person we meet leaves a piece of themselves with us - to teach us or to guide us, even if we don't realize it right away"
shocked at the fact <propfemale>'s friend <propfirst> called her tonight from chicago! shows how much he misses her!
watching destination truth on hulu with <propfirst>
sitting here all scratched up from trying to clip my cat's nails    with my daughter trying to be a good daughter and <propfirst> lol
"im frustrated, and dont know what to do!"
"although people treat us like crap some days, when they pass away, one can not hold grudges for if we do it becomes regret! make peace, show respect, walk away knowing you did the right thing!"
"the cemetery of the victims of human cruelty in our century is extended to include yet another vast cemetery, that of the unborn  \pope <propfirst> <propfirst> ii"
"being my facebook friend is a privilege, not a right  abuse the privilege and you will be deleted as a friend  just saying   "
going to the movies with <propfirst>'s parents and pca's!
"just becuz her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry & just becuz she comes off strong, doesn't mean there's nothing wrong   "
i am babying my man right now he smashed his finger!
we almost lost fema!
"definition of tomboy: a girl who can do everything a guy can do, do it better and still look good doing it   smile "
<propfemale> and mom in hallway she is getting tall!
"<propfirst> is sick, <propfemale> is doing well, i am doing well! i made <propmale> kah for supper it is good "
<propfemale>
had a great time with <propfirst>'s parets and siblngs!
its funny to think that i put my blackberry on my bf samsung intensity ii! then <propfirst> (bf) says could you see we wake up and there is baby cell phones in our bed  i said it would have to be samsung saga's cause they look like blackberrys but have the samsung idea!
i think god is teasing us its 39 degrees here and we have a blizzard alert!
when you go into court you are putting yourself in the hands of 12 people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty ~you know who you are~~~~
from mika: <propfemale> has been upset lately! please forgive her for any outbursts she may put on her facebook!!! she is going through alot! this man that she is posting about lately! has been very mean to her and he will get his punishment soon! but before its all over we are going through hell and high waters to fight the defense 
i will be offline most of the day since i will be reinstalling my laptop! hopefully less then 8 hours from facebook  but i will be on my black <propfirst>! good by games of facebook for 8 hours or less!!!!
trying out my new htc aria from at&t!  what a fun new toy!
okay not sure how long it actually took but my laptop is back up and going  it seems to be running faster then it was before!
my daughter being silly!
can't sleep
i love my new htc aria from at&t    just wish we could use our new phones  you know your ready for your new phone when you try to shut off your blackberry by touching its screen! lol
i was told at&t's activation for us isnt until may 2! stinks!
"okay getting off this thing! going to play snow football with <propfemale> and my sweet bf, <propfirst>!"
"love, love and more peaceful love too all my friends!!!!"
to me when it comes to men and child support  it wouldnt bother me so much not to have financial support if the father of the child would at least spend time with the kid  to me that is what kids who have no father want  that is why it is so easy for women to find male father figures  most men what a kid or kids to <propfemale> out with but they dont ever want to have to pay for them 
"you know everything about me  you won't tell anyone my secrets  you are the one person i can't live without \\     i love you mom  smile \\(if you feel the need to repost this go head!)"
when its someone else to bash your best friend is right there with you doing the bashing     yet then we are both considered drama queens  but when we are both driving each other nuts in doing things to hurt each other then  its her friends ganging up on me and her laughing!!! hmmm doesnt sound too even   its only cause im too verbal and she likes to hide behind everyones back!
fog! omg god so bad! where i live at 3 blocks the most visibility! go further south and its only a block visibility! very thick and icky!
went to the dr today for these hives and rashes i have had for 2 months  they gave me allegro and said that for some reason my body is attacking it self and it could go on forever but they are doing some other blood tests and i get to see the dermatologist next week  today i saw the regular dr and the allergist 
that was just so awesome! i filled all of my kid's prescriptions threw the walgreen's android app by scanning all the bar codes  that is neat tool!
i think <propfemale> got into fema's catnip spray! she is acting kinda loopy!
i am so thankful to have such awesome people around me!!!!
its funny that a man can send shivers up my spine with just a single touch to my arm or neck! no man has ever sent shivers down my spine until now    hmm what could this mean  wish to have a clue!
happy white american history month!!!
i am writing in my skin  its hilarious to see what happens next  i have chronic hives and dermographism which means you write in my skin  it shows up in red  too bad tattooing isnt this easy lol!
wondering if a poem can be six pages long?
happy easter!!!
<propfemale> is going through a lot right now and needs some prayers and thoughts filtered her way! she has gone through alot this year and is just needing some added support! i love you <propfemale>!!!
its a day from may and we have snow still popping up! what is up with mother nature this year!!
wonders who else of bin laden's top officials where killed?
sick with a cold thanks to <propfirst> lol
the doctoros are trying out new meds for me with these hives  if they dont work we go to mayo clinic  for treatment  they put me on doxepin10 mg (3) at night (its an anti depressant but it works through histamine blockers ) then i am on 10 mg of zyrtec  so hopefully they can figure it out so i dont have to go to mayo! lol   i just hope that the depression meds wont get me depressed  lol
totally fed up with bs in the area i live    want out!
hmm its funny to see someone i hate create a fake profile to figure out what i am doing and what i am thinking    hmmm what a loser!
after taking all doses of meds and doing what the dr  say  i'm still bashing and hiving! ugg!
there are looser people out there that were once in my life talking crap and irritating me that is why i have changed my profile a bit  for friends and family dont worry when the wind blows over then life will be much better!
laughing so hard  <propfemale> started a screaming fight with <propfirst> and i  i stopped yelling letting <propfirst> take over  she told <propfirst> she is mad and she can do what ever she wants   <propfirst> told her that if she dont learn to respect her mom and the good adults in her life that god will get her! hehe haha lol
looking through vascular disorders that have hives as a symptom 
"i posted some new pics on my chronic days of hives  had some new stuff come up \anyone have any ideas    i am all open for ideas "
"lots of great things have happened today   hopefully this can help <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and i move forward to a wonderful future  i hope all things move in the direction they are suppose to "
tagging pictures to who is actually in them  thank god for alot of great memories! pictures are worth a whole story   they are so awesome to have!
can't wait for this coming weekend  buffalo state park water hole is going to be open  <propfemale> finally gets to leave alone on the idea of going swimming 
<propfirst> and i were just commenting on being kids and being out at 9 o clock at night still playing with our friends when we were kids instead of being in bed  <propfemale> fell asleep around 830p  i just lay there and watch the sun slowly fade away  thinking i am glad <propfemale> doesn't fight me to stay up because the sun is not down yet  i recall a its not dark outside why do i have to go to bed moments in my childhood  lol
in the last few months i have recognized a traitor in my friends group and have moved away from this person  now because i have sheltered a few of my other friends that we have mutually and found that she was just using them to gather information about me 
<propfemale> is sick with bronchitis with a worry of it turning into pneumonia  <propfemale> needs prayers and positive thoughts 
"today, i am just to the point of crying  no matter what i do for <propfemale> its never good enough  for the last few days i have been the butt of her jokes  today i put her in her place over it and i am told i am riping her from the joy of having fun!"
we r in the basement with the rest if the tenants under a tornado warning and no power
"feeling like a <propfemale> vu    the only differences is its a year or more has gone by and its not with my ex, its with <propfirst> yet <propfemale> isnt up freaking out like the last time  i dont know why that ran through my head  just a memory i guess i recall "
moorhead and downtown fargo look horrid 
i was it utmost shock with <propfemale> tonight  tonight she was frustrated and upset and almost lost it  she started yelling at me  i ofcourse yelled back  but while i was yelling to control her i got a wild hair up my butt and said <propfemale> do you like it when mom yells in a yell  she stopped yelling and said no mom  i said then talk to me tell me what is going on at the point <propfirst> and i talked to <propfemale> about her feelings 
i am uploading 72 pics to facebook from my aria  this is the most pics i have done at once  when they are updated i plan to put descriptions on them 
93 degrees today!
i want to just cry  <propfirst> and i have been cleaning house all night  it shows how appreciative <propfemale> is when i ask her nicely to do something  
eating pizza from papa murphy's and relaxing  next we are off to friend adams to help him out! reason: he has helped us out alot these past weeks now we are returning the favor!
i want to send <propfemale> far far away in her room but she wont go   
good night my friend and family on fb 
waiting for my cousin to call me back!
i got killer furbies on my brain    i wonder why    
was thinking of how they could make paranormal activity scarier then what it is  my daughter and i watched the first one a few months ago she sat there and laughed through it  so i was thinking they could have used demons and poltergeists instead  
having pad thai for supper
how i wish <propfemale> would go to sleep  she has been up since 7 am yesterday! she is just having one of those stay ups  hopefully i will get some sleep tonight so i can drive to my mom's tomorrow!
made it to bismarck in 2 hrs and 45min  but now in the boondocks at my moms
went fishing all day with <propfirst> and had an awesome day!
<propfirst> and names are so cool  i have been studying astrology and numberology and how they affect our daily lives  including those who are notorious for crime  if one was to look at for example <propfirst> manson  one would see that something was bound to happen due to name and astrology chart 
"made speghetti for supper, should have seen <propfemale>'s eyes when i brought out the parmeson cheese  she was all googly eyed "
i finally got <propfemale> to go swimming with her friends  lol    they looked like they were having a good o' time when i left the pool!
