929029bf2c5212bfcc402912e22f7351
my dog is hooked on animal planet  it is sooo funny! he stayes glued to the tv when it's on 
is thinking <propfirst> is a butt head   
is wondering if i am loosing my mind   
we need to go to bed! it's 2 surprise 0 in the morning! we are normally asleep by 11!
doesn't want to go to work today    ugh 
i think it sucks that i have to work 6 day weeks for the next 6 weeks     ugh   
is kinda bored  <propfirst> is attached to the hip with his nintendo ds 
thinks it really sucks that she has to work 12 hour days starting tomorrow  on top of working 6 days a week  please! anyone know of any good jobs?
rip <propfirst> swayze
i wish this dang congestion in my chest would go away  it is keeping me awake  arg 
"i feel like absolute crap! this sucks! i felt better yesterday until i got home, then it was down hill from there  woke up at 12 smile 0 and couldn't get to sleep till 2 smile 0  arg!!"
i can't believe <propfirst> and i are up this early! last sunday we were up at 6  today it was 6 smile 0  we're getting old   
"happy thanksgiving everyone! i hope everyone had a wonderful day with lots of great tasting food with loving family members  to all my friends and family, i love you all and hope you are doing well  i am very thankful for each and every one of you!"
"i love the fact that i can go wake <propfirst> up from a nap and he will not move, or talk, but as soon as i send berkley (our dog) up i can hear him talking to berkley and moving around to pet him  i see where i rank    lol "
"my dog has a problem  he'll beg for u to play with him and then he'll act like he's in trouble and ur beating him when u play with him  we don't beat him! he'll go a week or two and be fine and then bam! out of nowhere  then tonight, i was trying to get him to play and i was waving a rope bone in front of him and he kept snipping at it and then running off and hiding  i don't know what to do  someone help!!"
"i am sooo excited to watch new <propfemale>  i am having trouble finding \breaking dawn\"" though  i am so ready to read it!"""
wooooo hooooo!!!!!! <propfirst> won!!! yippee!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i hope everyone had a wonderful day!!
is so tired of hidden innuendos  i love people who leave comments directed towards other people instead of just saying what they need to say   
is dreading baseball season at work  here come the long hours again   
is wishing we could pack up and go somewhere tropical!! i am tired of this weather! it's so gloomy   
happy new year everyone!!
i am so freaking bored 
is seriously thinking about calling in sick today  my head hurts sooo bad! i hate migranes 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i really appreciate them!  love 
i don't understand how there can be a commercial that says that listening to audio books makes you smarter  are you kidding me?
i am so tired of the cold weather! i just keep putting on my coconut lime lotion and looking at pictures of gulf shores  i'll be there soon   
"my car won't start  we think it is the fuel pump  which is around $200 for the parts  and unfortunately the fuel pump is in the fuel tank which means lots of labor  and, on top of that, it won't start  so, we don't even know how we're going to get it anywhere to get it fixed    this sucks!!!"
my car is getting fixed today! yay! maybe i'll get it back tomorrow!
i've lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks on my diet  i am so happy! just have to keep it up!
"i really thought this v-day would be the best because it is <propfirst> and i's 1st v-day since we got married  but, no, nothing    what a crap holiday "
"so yea, i just got home from work    i pulled 15 hours today  yuck!"
is excited to go shooting tomorrow!
is sooooo frustrated with her job  i am not sure how much longer i can handle this    i have not gotten home before 8 in the past 2-3 weeks  <propfirst> is missing me and it's starting to not be worth it anymore   
"is really hoping i feel better tomorrow  i have a kidney infection, and apparently i need a ultrasound because my doctor thinks my gall bladder is going to need to come out  i am finally starting not to hurt so bad  i hope i don't tomorrow   "
is really happy that spring is coming! it is my favorite time of the year!
i am so excited!!!! onerepublic is going to be in russellville this month!! i tried buying tickets but it said they weren't on sale yet    i hope i get to go!!
actually got home early from work!! i am so excited! maybe i can relax and try to get better!
is so tired of working late  especially when it is because other people can't do their jobs right but yet they get to go home and i have to stay late    arg!
is thinking about her family     love 
is fixing to go play in the snow with her husband and dog!
is sooo excited to be off this weekend! and for our hiking trip!!
really wishes people would stop sending her farmville requests  i do not play that game nor will i  i get like 10 of them a day!!
"we're considering finding berkley a new home   surprise ( this makes me extremely sad  he is a really good dog but he's got some issues that are driving <propfirst> and i crazy and making our home environment very hostile  going to try neutering and if that doesn't work then we'll try professional training, but if that doesn't work we may have to resort to our last option  i really, really hope it doesn't come to that   "
is sad that she has to work tomorrow!  surprise (
"was strolling along, taking berkley for a walk when a dog from hell decided to jump his fence! i snatched up berkley and the damn dog lunged at him and ripped a chunk of fur out!! i was so livid that i started kicking at the dog to <propmale> him off  i called <propfirst> and told him to get his butt where i was  i then gave a <propmale> bitch out to the dogs owner  if it happens again there will be hell to pay!"
is in love with swaptree!!! this is the best site i've seen! i've been a member for 2 days and have already traded 3 books  1 for a movie and 2 for books  only had to ship them and pay shipping!! sweet!
is sooo upset that ugly <propfemale> got cancelled! they suck!!! that was my favorite show of all time! how could they!!!!!
thinks that her husband is such a wonderful man  i am so glad i married him!
r i p  <propfirst> gray
"someone hit <propfirst>' car! luckily there is not much damage, only paint marks, but still people should be honest!!"
is soooo happy to be off this weekend!  surprise ) excited about going to the chili cookoff  i haven't been to one since i was little!
wishes her husband was interested in more  he never wants to do anything    i'm bored    anyone want to go shopping call me    
i am free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"believes that <propfemale> is a bitch! it's come back \to you once and it'll definitely do it again "
is so excited to have a 3 day weekend with her hubby!! i normally would be working all this weekend!
thinks it sucks that it is raining today!!
happy 4th everyone!
\shih tzus are not labrador retrievers  they are\,929029bf2c5212bfcc402912e22f7351,is so in love with her hubby!  love 
just gave her dog a bath  and now he is super hyper and wants to play constantly!
<propfemale> & the machine    wow!!
is bored and waiting for her husband to get home!
is really hoping that our decision is a good choice and we don't suffer for this later   
is dreading all the chores and errands i have to do today   
is so mad at her dog 
is so excited about her plans with great friends the next couple of weeks  it is great getting to see and spend time with them again!!
has more chores to do today    blah!
"is wondering what i was thinking taking up scrapbooking again! <propfirst> says that i don't have habits, i have hobbies  well, i am starting to think that maybe a habit would have been cheaper! lol"
sometimes i feel like throwing my hands up in the air  i know i can count on you  sometimes i feel like saying lord i just don't care but you've got the love i need to see me through 
is ready for her hubby to be home from work!
wishes my eye would quit twitching! it has been twitching for 3 days now!! this is getting really annoying!
is so excited to spend some quality time with some great friends!
is getting sick of waiting on wondering    i'm ready to hear the news   
primetime: what would you do? on abc is a great show! tonight's episode was about bosses mistreating employees and people standing up to them  i wish more people would do that!
at least when i go out with friends i can answer my dang phone!!!
"our dog keeps shaking his head  i think it's his ears  this is getting crazy  there is always something with him  either constantly scratching, or chewing, or licking himself  i am getting big dogs from now on  little dogs are too much hassle!!"
is bored     
mccormick discontinued my favorite seafood rub! it was the only kind i could find that wasn't spicy! dang it! now what am i going to eat on my talapia!?!?!
is stressing   
wishes i was sitting on the white sand in gulf shores   
"do\ not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a \",929029bf2c5212bfcc402912e22f7351,is excited to be celebrating her hubby's birthday with him!
is happy!
is stressing again   
"please check out my \my etsy\"" tab on my profile!"""
calm down nerves!
"6 minutes  i can do it, i can do it, i can do it     "
and i did it!! now we just wait!
"i have decided no more getting stepped on by people who think they are higher, and mightier than me  i am sick of it and not taking it anymore "
i added some new stuff to my etsy site  check out my tab on my profile!
i just won a cricut machine on ebay for 67 bucks!!! i am sooooo excited!!!
i just love fighting with my husband first thing in the morning  great start to a great f**king day!
wooo hoooo! great day!
if anyone needs birthday cards or any occasion cards check out my etsy tab on my profile 
"oh, red wine    why do you gotta be so mean?!?"
i wonder if 28 is too old to start dancing   
why does that <propfirst> kardashian chick talk like she's 12?! that is so annoying!
"there is a cat that is hanging around our house  it shows up from time to time but lately it's been here constantly  and it keeps staring at my door  i feel so bad, wish i could give it a home, but i already have berkley  anyone looking for a very, very sweet <propfemale>?"
"wooo\ hooo!!! i am so excited! there is a girl on etsy that makes really \beautiful hair accessories and sells them in boutiques in 6 \states and all over texas and she wants to use my chiffon flowers for \her hair pieces! that is so awesome!!"
freaking a man!! this is a awesome day!! someone is wanting me to make my flowers as napkin rings for her daughters wedding! 150 of them!!! thank you lord!
is not looking forward to spending all day making 2 pans of dressing and 2 pumpkin rolls  ugh 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"i really don't want to wait in line, but i guess i'll have to   "
i remember when i used to enjoy decorating for christmas  i don't even enjoy that anymore   
"change\ your profile pic to your favorite character from your childhood the \goal is to remove all human faces from facebook through monday in \remembrance of innocence lost through violence and crimes against \children "
go bulldogs!!
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!
dance central for xbox kinect is kicking my butt! i have played for 2 hours! this is sooo much fun and i can actually feel a burn! doing this everyday will definitely help!
i really do hate my dog
come on hogs!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i really appreciate them!!
"put this dog on\   * * \\\\ your profile\( (_•_)\\) to show\ _ ''*''\\_ that you are\( _)^(_\\) against animal cruelty!"
<propfirst> is on his way home! just waiting to make sure he makes it safely! now to check on the rest of my family!
"loves the huge, fat flakes falling right now!"
just had a order for 31 flowers!! wow!!
"can't believe they put ozzy and \beiber\"" in the same commercial! that is a disgrace!!"""
"come on packers, don't give it away"
thats two f'd up calls tonight!
way to go packers!!
one of the times record photographers drove by while we were all playing in the snow and took pictures of berkley playing and running in the snow and <propfirst> scraping off his car! maybe one of them will be in the paper! lol
i just got asked to be part of a craft fair! i want to but have no idea how to go about this!!
omg omg omg!!! someone just bought 400 bucks worth of cutouts from me on etsy! holy crap!
i have had 100 sales on etsy!  surprise )
is going to the shooting range today with her hubby!  surprise )
the new movie rio looks awesome!! i can't wait to see this film! i love animation and will i am!
i had a wonderful time at daft craft today! thanks to everyone who participated in making it such a success and so much fun! it was nice meeting new people!
