dea472823a3ca4da68fef5d43e04bfa2
"dillion, the pretty gray cat has gone missing     i am very sad and worried"
1st and 2nd degree burns on my left hand and am out of work until at least monday     not happy 
dr released me to go back to work monday! still sore but should be no lasting effects of the burn
"thanks to all my friends and family that want me to join with them on apps,  but i have started blocking some because i do not really <propfemale> out online enough to play them   sorry, no offense is meant, just not my thing right now "
"i always knew you would \love another day\""  what i did not realize then is that i was \""head over heals\""     there were \""words i couldn't say\"""""
may <propmale> find peace   prayers to his family and all in <propfemale> who know what he has done for all of us!  camelot has lost its <propmale>!
"i took you to \mayberry\"" and have always told you what \""my wish\"" is     and that brings us back to \""these days\"""""
"i used to ask myself \how strong are you now?\""  but too see your \""secret smile\""  i would be \""better now\"""""
"\the man in love with you\"" \""drove all night\"" pass the \""oklahoma texas line\"" on a \""broken road\"" to get to my \""dry county girl\"""""
"if you had to pick one word to describe me, what would it be and why?"
"another drs appointment in the morning, i really hope there is new meds involved and an improvement with it!!!"
increased meds and gave me something new for anxiety attacks      whats next i wonder?????
out in haight looking for lunch     anyone want to join me??  813-789-0392
"is at sfo all alone   missing my puppy, boy, and bay area friends already   thank you all for making it such an awesome trip!!! until we meet again!"
is back in gray amd gloomy tampa bay
allright meds and bed  goodnight <propfemale>
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% wont copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
now knows the light at the end of a tunnel was a train!
yeah my activities are no longer automatically posted to my wall!!!  no one has to <propmale> through my apps crap
can you say hositle work enironment??
time to find that inner peace again!  no more anger! no more anger! no more anger!  i hope!
"knows \the song remembers when    \"""""
song of the day is for good from wicked!!!
why are all my computer techies in other cities?  i need help here!!!!!
its official   reverend <propmale> <propmale>   now to reading up on marriage laws in 6 states and the district!
for those of my friends not playing cafe world     i promise to not go overboard posting things to my wall     i find it annoying when i get too  many so i will not do it to you all   but there may be one or two every now and again 
has to wonder why there is not a privacy setting to post to cafe friends only?  that would make since to me!
"sunshine, pool, naked men and women    am i sure i want to move    yeah nevermind"
"525,600 minutes       i love you boy"
feels at peace  stll have to wonder about some of the people i work with  time to mix a drink and eat something 
after today i only have 30 days at this cluster #%?!  please some one take me away this weekend 
"please please please      go to my profile and click on the \relay for life\"" badge and support me in my walk for the american cancer society!"""
"it is amazing the clarity that comes with anger,  now that anger needs to be released to find my peace   not a hard process, if you just let go   so when you hear a big boom coming from this way just ignore it     i am dropping a shopping mall on someone who desearves it!"
has realized that this is his 5th smokefree 4-20 
20 days and counting!!!
"well its official   the end of this week markes the end of my job here in florida   i will be flying to chicago on the 25th for iml, then heading to st <propfirst> to pick up my stuff and head off to russellvile!  i am so looking forward to this \thank you to all the amazing people i have meet over the last year here in florida!  keep in touch!"
sitting at my gate  thinking how blessed i have been the last few months  there is no way to e playful ress my thanks for sharing your life and home with me 
landed in chicago  now what?
knowing it's over and seeing it is over are entiely two different feelings  and it hurts
off to st <propfirst> this morning!!!!!
made it to st <propfirst> and am very happy to be here  i will be shining at jj's tonight during mr heartland bear contest  come say hi
great night at jj's  it's good to be home
"my father is picking me up this morning to take me \home\""  it has been so great to be back in stl  i will see you all soon"""
made it to the lake and already enjoying the quiet
rainy and relaxing kind of day  i love the lake!!!
"guess what!!!  it is legal, tagged, and insured!!!!  i am mobile!  and just in time i have a job interview tommorrow!!!!!  yeah"
"had a good day today   except, there may be something wrong ith the car under the hood   but i have a couple solid job leads!  so things are still good!!!"
anyone want a house boy?
i have a job!!!  more details later!
at a food show in columbia    let the good times role!!!
i am so tired tonight!  the food show was wonderful and the new boss and i got some great sample and fun things to try!
"cooking today at the boathouse   bands playing, sun is shinning, and the pool will cool you off!!! come out and say \hi\""!"""
hiding from the heat today  have to run to the post office then it's back here before the real heat sets in!!!!
in the morning i go to the celebration of one amazing women's return to the kingdom of <propfemale>  grammy <propfirst> you were a light on earth  the correct and true personification of christian and morman 
prop 8 has been found un-constitutional!!!!
cooking at the boathouse  come say hi!!
"thinking about \mayberry\"" and wonder if a certain friend would like to come for a visit?"""
"three days off    sorta!  off to springfield, mo tommorrow for both pleasure and buisness "
made it to springfield  i am a very person 
i am a very blessed man  the heavens have smiled on me and i am so very humbled   may the person that created this feeling never be parted from my world again 
"overhead in a bar     i didn't see you there, you must have just slid in!!"
"the bad news    it is a quarter till noon  \the good news    i am just getting out of bed!"
checked in at parkville on scruff for iphone
back at the lake at the boat house!!!
"ignorance shines brightest in the dimmest of minds  \-me"
back at the boat house and it is a gorgeous day here at the lake!  come have a drink and some great food
back home in the ville!
did anyone get the plate number of the big red <propmale> truck that ran me over multiple times 
go mizzou
can i have a d surprise ver?
just say no     to drunk posting on fb!!!!
"my ipod thinks i am in ft luaderdale, fl     i wish!  lol"
wish he did not have to go back  thank you <propmale> for working with me this weekend!
checked in at <propmale> city on scruff for iphone
checked in at westgate lanes on scruff for iphone
checked in at home on scruff for iphone
checked in at home on scruff for iphone
"just is  that is all, thank you "
i am really tired of passive- aggressive taunts!!!!  need to get away from it all!
checked in at hastings on scruff for iphone
checked in at walmart on scruff for iphone
checked in at home on scruff for iphone
sleep has yet to <propfemale> me off to neverland!!!
checked in at <propfirst>'s pizza & steakhouse on scruff for iphone
checked in at hy vee on scruff for iphone
checked in at home on scruff for iphone
my phone will be off a couple of days  sorry to anyone who tries to call!  send me an email if you need to talk to me
has decided that crying in a kitchen is acceptable when making french onion soup from scratch!!
"tat, tat, tatting away"
kansas city here i come!!!!
checked in at gladstone mo on scruff for iphone
checked in at gladstone mo on scruff for iphone
checked in at knollwood apartments on scruff for iphone
i have the greatest best friend in the world  i love and miss you more then you know!
i hate long drives at night!!!
there is a new <propfemale> inthe heavens tonight!  i love you grandpa and will miss you deeply!
"ladies and gentleman (lol)\it is official       i just paid for and recieved the keys to my very own apartment!  i am now living near 72nd and n oak in gladstone!\it is a great little one bedroom apartment in a house with a private entrance, kitchen, in apartment storage, and built in bookshelves  i am so excited!"
checked in at knollwood apartments on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at <propfirst>'s donuts on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
good night <propfemale>
checked in at kansas city renaissance festival on scruff for iphone
thanks to wonderful friends i am spending the day outside looking at     
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
down 8 pounds and 2% body fat!!!!
happiness is home backed chocolate chip cookies!!!
down 2 5 lbs and  5%
hi-ho hi-ho it's off to work i go!!!
checked in at <propfirst>'s donuts on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
"i had a really bad and good night all rolled\into one  first the bad     i went to the bar that jaz and i spent a lot of time in before ge passed in 2001     i miss him!  good was able to see my \son\"" perform tonight and he has grown so much  second i have accepted my role in this world!!!!"""
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at barnes & <propmale> on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at barnes & <propmale> on scruff for iphone
checked in at laundroplex on scruff for iphone
we should be at my storage place in chicago by 1 o clock 
"checked in at joliet, illinois on scruff for iphone"
checked in at dekalb oasis on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
is anyone else having facebook app issues or is it just my ipod?
checked in at sidepockets on scruff for iphone
fresh baked bread  so good!
just so you know    having a panic attack in a walmart on a sunday afternoon is so not reccomended  time to take a pill!!!
"let the dough rise for an hour and a half     what to do, what to do!!!"
challah is in the oven baking!!!  it looks so good!!!  i love fondiling bread dough!
thank you for going out with me  just thank you 
i need outta the house    someone come save me!!!
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
it's the end of the world     i have no duct tape
"http annoyed  science nasa gov science-news science-at-nasa 2010 17dec_solsticeeclipse \\blessed solstice to you all  this is the longest night of the year  and to many a night of great power and rebirth  a full lunar eclipse withs it peek at 2:17am cst happens tonight!  take a moment to celebrate!"
so much for a short nap and on the road by noonish  i slept for 10 hours and am leaving now to get gas and get on the road!  so glad i didn't try to drive this morning now!!!
so i made it here awhile ago  safe and sound
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at starbucks coffee on scruff for iphone
pay it forward fun     i promise to send an item made by me to the first 5 people who comment and promise to do the same
i got two moose drool  pint glasses!!!
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
and cue the conversation about cinnamon yet again!!!
"i made homemade crepes this morning filled with a tropical homemade jelly of pineapple, mango, papaya, and orange; the drizzeled it with dark chocolate sauce!"
checked in at sister's house on scruff for iphone
well my car is in a ditch but there was no collision or injuries  anyone know a reliable (cheap) tow company that can get my baby back out?
my car is free!!!! happiness abounds!!!  thank you!!!!
checked in at outabounds on scruff for iphone
pepsi maxx commercial is a big win
packers rock!!!
checked in at jasz's 425 on scruff for iphone
my feet are cold i need my bed warmer
checked in at sprint center on scruff for iphone
rascal flatts baby!!!
<propfirst> young starts it off
laissez <propmale> bons temps rouler
job interview at 2 today!!!  here's to positive thinking!!!
i think that went very well  now to wait till friday for paperwork to be processed to find out for sure!!!
checked in at buddies on scruff for iphone
good news coming     wait for it    
i got the job!
a full day off!!!
i so missed a step somewhere!!!  wtf?
