348a1c8ea5fbec4e7bbd99d244172b6f
thanks for all the birthday wishes     i have the best friends around!!!
going to have a great weekend this weekend    going to see my <propfemale> and then to bloomington for <propmale> and <propfemale>'s reception!!! par-tay!
is sad about the turn of events tonight              sad 
i'm off to see if all things are back on track      as they should be   smile 
i'm off for a week  woo hoo! helping my <propfemale> get ready for his event    and my dad is going to visit   so much to do   so little time
"merril, <propfirst> and i are going to meet my dad and step-mom tomorrow at the morrisonville picnic    woo hoo! (i'm sure nobody even knows where morrisonville, il is    lol) it will be merril's first time meeting my dad and having the wonderful e playful erience of "
"merril, <propfirst> and i are off to the morrisonville picnic to meet up with my dad and step-mom who came from pensacola for the big event! woo hoo!!"
my visit with dad was good    the picinic was       the picnic      it's back to work tonight 
only a few more days until the family gathering    i hope we will be ready in time 
bon-fire cookout at merril's tonight    come one come all!!! call for directions 
well    merril and i had fun anyway                
"woo hoo payday! bills paid now off to the grocery store     yep, it will all be gone by the end of the day! ok, maybe not all but most anyway  smile "
feeling better than last night     off to work for another fun filled night  the count down is on until you better have your cannon ready!
"one more night    then off for a fun filled weekend   relaxing and floating down the river  ahhhhh       ok, ok, getting blasted with a water cannon may not be relaxing, but it's still fun!!! woo hoo!"
home and spent                    
i love when my phone rings and it's my <propfemale> calling!!!
sadden by today's news! my heart goes out to everyone that loved her 
my <propfemale> took me to dinner and a movie tonight  then we had a bit of smooching before he had to head for home    just smooching   get your minds out of the gutter!
the rain needs to stop    i have a garage sale in 25 minutes!!! uuuugh!
wishing i was at the farm today      sad 
how can bejeweled blitz be down? i need a fix!
"one more day then i get to see my sweetie   woo hoo! dang, we live too far away from each other    "
so mad bejewled blitz lost my 100k score yesterday   boo hoo
new things to buy at farmtown     oooooooooooo
had a great day with my <propfemale> yesterday      he did farm work and i did my stuff     we fit together well   smile 
"does anyone out there know what time the st <propfirst> community garage sale is on thrusday, friday and saturday? i need to know what time to put up my garage door so all my valuable merchandise will sell      smile "
so ready for the weekend!!!! best of all i get to see my sweetie tomorrow    and the next several days! it's going to be a busy weekend  beans are being harvested already!!
i'm off 1 night and i'm gonna spend it with my sweetie    cant wait!
uuugh!   that was a busy night!    and another to follow!
well   i'm off to the races   the birth races that is  wish me luck   and any other poor sucker that has to work with me tonight     anyone want to join us? bush? <propfemale>? <propfemale>? anyone?
wow    last 2 nights have whooped me!
any computer geeks out there?   was on the internet when the power went out and now my pc wont connect to the internet at all    (on laptop currently-wireless) so i have some connectivity some how     pc says no driver  i tried restore point but that also failed    uuugh! help!!
i'm back     up and running again      woo hoo!
woooo   hoo   get to see my sweetie today! cant wait    it's been a very long week!!!
off to work      hope its better there!
1 more shift and 1 more night of call   then i'm on vaca     going to be helping with the harvest   cant wait  i love the farm!
off to work   this is the last scheduled night for a week   then i'm off to the farm for harvest! woo hoo!
on vacation starting today!      going to see my sweetie tomorrow    got to help bring in the crops!
off to get the girls checked       wee haw!
ok   i'm so tired of this crap around here      uuugh!
i hate when the day starts out like this     
uuugh! i cant beleive ppl really choose to get up this early!!! and that i have to do it all week!
ahhhhh     the last morning i have to get up at 0630 for work 
dang it! i think bush gave me her headache! i hope you're feeling better now <propfemale>!
can i just say how much i hate this new fb format      uuugh!
anyone able to get bejewled blitz to work tonight? i cant seem to get it to load!    uuurgh!
off to work    hope it a good night and all things go smoothly 
happy halloween everyone! have fun!
i feel down and went boom    along with a stack of stuff in my garage   ouchy!  sad 
one more night     woo hooo! then i'm off for a few  will be at the kankakee gun show with my <propfemale> this weekend    smile 
woo! hooo!! off for a few days      cant wait to see my <propfemale>! tgif!
"i'm watching \you've got mail\""       i'm such a sentimental fool """
"just spent $300 on groceries     good grief! why does food have to be required to sustain life? and more importantly, why do teenages think they need so much of it? they shouldnt need much for sleeping and hanging around playing video games    should they? maybe just a chip (1    ok maybe 2), a slice of bread, and a hot dog    smile "
i ran into an old friend i havent seen in a very long time       i almost forgot what he looked like     but there he was     mr sunshine!! man i missed him   hope he sticks around for a week or 3    lol
if it weren't for bad luck my farmer would not be having any luck at all   yesterday he went to finally finish his harvesting & the combine's rear axle broke  uuugh!  he only had 15 acres left to go    needless to say he's not a happy camper  sad 
baking a pie for adam     making a salad for tomorrow        off to work tonight      then a busy day in zummallen land  happy thanksgiving everyone!
everyone have a great time with family and friends     and be safe in your travels 
word from the farm     another part broke on the combine and only 5 acres left to get in    getting so close  then starts the field work hopefully before any snow 
frustrated             
sounds like he really needs this getaway tomorrow      he's been working into the middle of the night this past week  please mother nature    dont drop too much snow so we cant get there 
you know your headache is a kick-ass headache when it wakes you from your sleep     and today of all days     where are my drugs? gotta bring out the big guns for this one 
<propfemale> christmas to all my wonderful friends and family!
"another rough day with the kiddo yesterday      uuugh! i dont understand why they think we are only out to yell at them and find the things they do wrong  we only really want them to follow the rules and become responsible, kind, honest ppl    and go out in the world to build a happy good life for themselves    why is that so hard to understand?  we really dont like all the drama, fussing, fighting and conflict     "
whew! glad that's over with     can i just say how much i hate puking!!!!!
"<propfirst> 1, 2011, tripped and gashed forehead open, large bruise and abrasions noted  \\not starting off well "
i cant get any pictures to upload   wth?
off to work tonight     i hope the next shift will be able to get in in the morning     or it could be a loooooong one
was white    now none
merril doesnt want me to remind him   but his birthday is this weekend  he said last year that he's not having anymore  if he can stop then i can too!!
gonna put it in 4 wheel drive and make my way to my sweeties farm  hope wish me luck!
helped merril with his gun show all weekend   check  celebrated his birthday by taking him out to dinner    check  put tonights dinner in the crock pot for merril at his house     check  took care of the laundry and the dishes at the farm    check  drove home and picked up <propfirst> from school     check  made dinner and cleaned the kitchen here   check  now all i have to do is go to work tonight at 11pm 
"it's wayback week! retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (or ridiculous) we all were!"
is hoping everyone is alive and well after last night!!! we had tons of fun
uuuugh     my garage door is broken again!! good thing my car was out when it happened and i know a garage door repair guy
woo hoo! my handy-dandy fix-it guy is got my  new garage door going up and down    wee haw!!
a new day and a new start       
i'm not sure i really look like sigourney weaver    but that's what ive been told 
"trust is a hard thing         and when people you are suppose to trust break that trust, lie, or hide things it makes it even harder    sad "
"things that make you say          \hummmm????\"""""
working the tonight and tommorrow night       then off till saturday! weee hawww
"try it it's fun, and i'm bored  go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and copy and paste what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment "
"it's brother sister week!! change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister (or both)! copy and paste this, and let's see how many people love their siblings!!"
"maybe god wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one, so that when we finally meet the person, we will know how to be grateful     i'm grateful"
today's lesson learned     always wait to press sent to e-file your taxes until you have finished your dependants taxes!      ugh!
heading back to work for the next couple of nights      wt mexcian sounds fun    enjoy! have a <propfemale> for me!
"<propfirst>'s week on fb - post a pic of you and your <propfemale> and the date you met    merril and i met on match com     we had our 1st date feb 2, 2007   yep, 3 years ago just this month   smile  this picture was taken in may at the drive-in movies   it's the earliest picture i have of us  and i just have to say     i love him tons!"
"i'm all for being social and friendly      but really, why do pounds have to bring friends with them?"
had a great weekend with my farmer      he's such a sweetie pie
what a busy week    too much stuff to do and not enough time to do it in 
anyone else having issues with fb tonight?
poop! i was hoping for cost containment tonight   booo hooo! isnt that the way  dang murphy's law 
i think i surprised them all    hehehehehe  what a fun weekend! now back to the world of baby-birthin' i go     
off to make dinner so i can head to work tonight     
feeling lost at the moment      not sure what to do     which way to go  <sigh>
i'm on call tonight     wondering if i'll get called in or not??
"off to work tonight     have plenty of \tasks\"" to do tonight     i hope the patients cooperate """
just so you know     they did not cooperate last night  one more night then it's off to see my  love  <propfemale>  love ! woo hoo!
had a good weekend with my <propfemale>  sometimes it's nice just to <propfemale> at home 
"off to work i go    hi-ho, hi-ho, hi-hummm? wonder what the night will bring?"
"today's game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence:     rantoul, illinois"
off to the last day of cleaning and organizing postpartum      man! i'm pooped! have a great st  patties day everyone!
"woke up with a headache today     grrr   think i'll go get my toes done    that will make me feel better i just know it       that and some advil    oh, and maybe some shopping  smile "
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiance or boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything for you, then repost this as your status to give the honest good men out there the recognition that they deserve  because great men are few and far between, and i have one of them ?"
heading to big gun show this weekend at the kankakee fair grounds    merril has extra tables there this weekend so he will be taking a ton of things to sell      one never knows what deals can be had  smile 
ok    this is the only time you'll hear me say to much sunshine but          to much sunshine = bad gun sales  come on people there are great deals today!
"off to work i go       hi-ho, hi-ho, hi-ho!"
omg! what a night that was                           
off to make a coconut pie for my sweetie          such a suise-homemaker
is up to no good                  hehehehehe 
is up to no good tonight                    
"harvest <propfemale> twin drive-in is giving away six flags tickects on facebook  check it out!\"",2010-05-13 02:42:18""",348a1c8ea5fbec4e7bbd99d244172b6f,"looking at new phones    anyone have the droid incredible, droid eris or palm pre plus? any thoughts or comments?"
i wanna know who ordered this monsoon? dont cha know my <propfemale> needs to get his seeds in the ground? what the hey!!!!
ok! i've had just about enough of this!!!! stop already!!!
if anyone got a vidoe from me dont open it   it's spam! hopefully i got it deleted 
lawn mowed- check  firewood collected- check  homemade ice cream freezer dusted off- check  beer iced- check  burgers & brats thawed- check  picnic table put out- check  music being compiled- check  who's ready?     cuz we are 
the rain has just about stopped      bring on the party cookout!
"thank you to <propmale> & <propfemale>, <propfemale> and pastor meyer for coming to our cookout  we had good food, good drinks, great weather        a good time was had by all!"
my <propfemale> and went to the movies this afternoon     then to the flat top to eat     then to tiff and trents new place for a drinky      time to snuggle in for the night  but what a beautiful night it was 
ok     wth happened to my sciatica nerve while i was sleeping? tonight vicodin will have to be my friend!
hobbling off to work     
at this point this pain i'm having is even worse than childbirth  i think my leg is falling off      or maybe i wish it would  i might feel better  if only i could find a comfortable position!
"it's amazing how much better i feel today      after steroids, vicodine, ice, and 24 hours of rest i'm back to 90%   smile "
correction: now that i've been up and moving about let's make that 80% back to normal  but still way better than yesterday 
ooooooooooo    my new droid incredible has arrived!
plan is      drinks at gill st tomorrow about 730pm for a little pre-bday celebration with my friends in b-n  hope to see ya there!
gill st for b-day drinks tonight!! woo hoo!!! wish <propmale> was playing there as well  sad 
looking for a good steakhouse in b-n? suggestions? googled jim's    any thoughts?
moved to shooters    at least there is music here
thanks to my b-n friends for coming out for drinks last night
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! it has started out as a great day      woke up with my sweetie given me birthday kisses  smile   \i'm so lucky to have great friends and a wonderful man in my life "
why does walmart have 25+ lanes but never have more than 3 open?
how did i get so lucky?
uuugh! i just found the sticker renewal form for my car's license plate that e playful ired 5 31  i better find me a sticker today!
weigh in tomorrow     wish me luck!
ate all night    measured short      right on track! let the countdown begin!
"the center for disease control has issued a medical alert about a highly contagious, potentially dangerous virus that is transmitted orally, by hand, and even electronically "
getting ready to head to work    hope it's a good night    i'm grumpy!
off for another fun filled night at work
getting my hair did    lol
better get a nap in before work tonight 
"one more night         let see, bush and <propfirst> were there together so i'm just guessing how it's going to be there     better get my running shoes on!  smile "
lost internet and phone service at home    and connections from my cell isn't working well eithrr
as of tonight i'm single  sad 
today i found out it is really over     i wasn't who he needed anymore or wanted to be with forever  it's so hard when i had no idea that anything was wrong  how can he be all lovey one day and seem not to care the next    it seems so easy for him to throw me away    which really hurts  i wish him happiness always    and i hope he finds that perfect woman that he wants to be with  i still  love  him and will forever!
deleting him from my life is so hard! i absolutely hate it    but it's not my choice 
today has been a rough day    for some reason i was a bit stronger yesterday  day by day i suppose 
soon to be off to work tonight      hopefully will help take my mind off things  <sigh>
i need to get out and be with some people          
off to work               
my head is killing me          uuugh!
huuummm    maybe i'll go get my toes done
"\i believe that when you find love you hold onto it and <propfemale> it because there is nothing finer and it may never come again \"" - unkown"""
"the grass isnt always greener on the other side of the fence and maybe, just maybe the grass you had was great grass even if there were a few dandilions ya had to deal with     i'm just sayin'"
packing for the trip    i wish i was more excited about it than i am  <sigh>
off to the wedding of the year! woo hoo! a time for celebration!
might be a long day      just heard connecting flight is delayed an hour
sitting at the dc airport waiting for our connecting flight
well    we made it  nobody worse for the wear           so far 
i have great friends               smile 
going to the beach for some fun in the sun today!  smile 
sitting at my brother's pool again today soaking up the rays
been awake since 5      just can't turn off the brain at times  guess i should get my stuff packed up for the trip home today 
sitting at the airport in <propfemale> with a thunderstorm going on outside    hummmm
too much lightening to let us on the plane    
finally boarding   only 30 behind
ok   now we are sitting out on the runway and can't take off due to the same storm we had here is now at the layover airport
"but the pilot did say \ i probably could pick my way through the storms but they won't let me\""  what? oh hell no!"""
in indy at last     gonna put car on autopilot
home and mostly unpacked   woo hoo!!!!
it's back to work for me tonight      why do vacation days go by so fast?
guess i better hit the hay    im falling asleep at the keyboard 
you want retro? here ya go
yikes! that thunder boom was loud!
my tummy is not playing nice today
going for a drive     i need out of the house for a while 
my tummy is still not good     puking might make me feel better      plus now my head and neck aren't playing nice-nice either     uugh!
why do cats alwyas have to puke their hairballs up on the carpet    what is wrong with the wood tile floor?
off to bloomington to have a little fun with big on blondes at gill st  better be sure to take my camera    one never knows what photo opportunity will araise!  smile 
off to bed after a fun filled night at work and a morning of skill testing     wee haw!
"gemini (5 21-6 21)nobody said that love was a bouquet of two-dozen red roses, they just said that maybe it would be nice if it were  truthfully: sometimes it's daisies, sometimes it's marigolds, sometimes it's a thorn bush that stings for hours and hours after you've touched it  sometimes it's nettles and sometimes it's narcissus  so go out into that great big garden of feelings and gather your rosebuds or whatever "
no power at my house
wow! never drink long island ice tea specials!
"nothing like a random guy in walmart to boost your ego by saying    \saw you and just had to introduce myself     are you single?\"""""
it's just one thing after another               
i just pasted a house with a christmas tree fully lit up    now that's what i call early!
what to wear? what to wear? such decissions we have to make on a daily basis  lol
is honesty such a hard thing?
"well, here i go again  hope tonight is better than it was last night  wish me luck!"
"well, that date was over in 30 minutes    no connection there  another bust!"
can i just say   :   i hate this kind of dating    everyone is so full of bs!
"thanks to all my st  <propfirst>'s friends being so welcoming to me, accepting of my membership, the wonder food and cookout  hugs to all!"
i guess i better get a few zzzzzzzzzzzz      i've almost been up for 24 hours 
uugh! computer crashed         again!
ok   now today the internet port is working                     wth?
my feeties hurt! it's been a very busy 2 weeks         
must be swamped there     they are doing a call down  i havent been to bed since i got up yesterday at 1500 so didnt think it was a good idea to go in  sorry to my friends who are there  sad 
turned out to be a pretty nice day afterall      sun is shining  smile 
why am i so sleepy tonight???
man! it's <propfemale> out there!      about blew me off the road!
my baby turns 21 today                          sad    he's all grown-up! (so to speak)
i think we are going to blow away here           good news: we dont have to rake any leaves  they are just blowing away to who knows where? lol
"going to a halloween party tonight   treats, drinks and costumes      should be fun!"
at shooters
off to the help catch the babies   how many will come tonight????
"(1 ) go to google maps  (2 ) go to \get directions\"" (3 ) type japan as the start location (4 ) type <propfemale> as the end location  (5 ) go to direction #43  (6 ) laugh and repost"""
guess i better get a nap today     i've got another date tonight 
"off to work shortly    cant wait to see the constuction workers      wait, i mean the construction started on our unit!! i'm taking my camera "
still no word     waiting                  
it's offical    i have been approved!
watching notting hill        
all dressed up and no place to go            
off to work    how many babies will we see tonight?
whoa     my feeties are tired!!
going out to sing a little karaoke tonight     wee haw!
what is up with all the added ad's in the middle of the news feed streams and on both sides of the <propfemale>?
"i am so blessed to have so many things     and thankful for them all  i  love  my family, i  love  my friends, i  love  my church, and i  love  church friends     life is good! happy thanksgiving everyone!"
really??? how come i only seem to get married men interested in dating me    wth is going on these days! 2 more today!
ok that was an interesting night      took a ride through a ditch and cornfield last night    dang ! the roads were slippery!!! luckly stayed up right and was able to drive out 
whew! made it home from church  man   there is lots of drifting going on out there 
ok   now i have to venture out in the cold to go to work     blah! beam me up <propmale>!
wth? it's snowing out here!
i've picked up a runny nose from someplace     i didnt even know i was needing one 
"off to verizon to see whymy phone lost it's \smartness\""            ggggrrrrrr    sad """
my social calendar seems to be getting kinda full these days    smile 
off to take the ekg test    then a bit of shopping! there's a party tonight! woohoo!
work xmas party tonight then it's off to sing some karaoke at senetor's or to listen to <propfemale> sing is more like it   lol
can barely see where the road is    gonna be long trip home 
i am not looking forward to going to work tonight     i'm all warm and cozy inside 
dinner date then maybe some kareoke at senator's            fun times 
well   that date left without even saying goodbye      
off for another date    lets see if this one sticks it out or runs away too cuz i'm really a scary person             boo!
happy birthday jesus! <propfemale> christmas one and all!
doing christmas with the boys     
"ok, who gave me their germs? hummm??? i could have done without them  now my throat and head arent playing nice-nice with the rest of me   sad "
this is not how i e playful ected my year to end     so out with this year and on to the next  hopefully it will be brighter  i wish everyone much happiness and love in the year to come  happy new year!
note to self     dont raise eye brows or make frown faces for a week or so        ouchie
watching the orange bowl     looking for my neice who is on the vt flag team!! lol
my forehead is turning all sorts of geen color     i'm so sexy!  smile 
now my eye is black to go along with my green forehead    i'm too sexy! grrrrrr!
heading out to fat city with some of my girlies tonight    we hear there might be some karaoke going on there    i guess we will see 
only today and tomorrow left of reg meals and foods         
i'm having steak tonight as my last free meal cuz i won't see it for a while and i'll miss it!
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit annoyed if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat ! \remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! \repost if you agree---- i did   !"
going to go singing again tonight with my girls     come join the fun 
wth? something happened to my foot yesterday after my pedi     i think it's broke  can't even get a shoe on without tons of pain  sad 
"well, that eas an interesting night! i can honestly say in 15 years working there i've never had to do that before "
only 10 more days of waiting      
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you    love god and you are not afraid to show it, repost this"
7 days and counting              
i think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die 
map quest really needs to start their directions on # 5  i'm pretty sure i know how to get out of my neighborhood 
4 days    23 hours     40 mins   and a handful of seconds left until i'm gonna need some versed       
there is great need for a sarcasm font 
i'm always slightly terrified when i exit out of word and it asks me if i want to save any changes to my ten-page technical report that i swear i did not make any changes to 
73 hours and counting until surgery     someone come hold my hand!  smile 
i have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
only 22 hours left to wait            
17 hours to go        now where are my pre-op instructions? what time is it that i cant have a drink anymore? eeeegs            
surgery time has just been moved up      oh my!
9 more hours     i should get to bed  maybe i can sleep?
surgery went fine      tummy is a little ouchie     shoulders are more ouchie from the gas  keep falling asleep:        zzzzzz
no school for st <propfirst> tomorrow      i really didnt feel like getting out in this weather anyway so happy to get the no school call
mashed potatoes tasted pretty dang good tonight       
guess it's a good time to be layed up on medical leave     sounds like we wont be getting out for a while 
thank goodness for a guy down the block who had a skidsteer   sent my kid down there to see if he could come do mine next  now im freed from the drift in front of my garage  kids did try but broke the snowshovel in doing so   its mostly ice under all that snow 
i'm pooped!    how come so very little makes me so very pooped? oh wait i know    
watching the green mile     i love this movie!
ok! who ordered all this snow again?
ok   where are all the super bowl parties? i havent heard of 1 person having one    or maybe they just arent telling me       lol
"wants to live in a world where money grows on trees, the house cleans itself, weather is always perfect, love never ends and eating ice cream will make you lose weight "
"how would you pronounce this child's name?\\le-a\""? \",348a1c8ea5fbec4e7bbd99d244172b6f,uuuugh!!!! rear differential just went out on my vehicle      what else can go wrong?  sad                 year 50 has pretty much sucked for the most part!!!!!!
on this day of love be sure to tell the ones you love you love them     they may not be around forever 
i saw a falling <propfemale> tonight on my way home       so cool!
i forgot how much strep throat sucks! i could have gone on forever not being reminded too!  sad 
my tummy is not playing nice nice tonight         uuugh!
it sure was great seeing all my b-n friends last night     hearing <propmale> play    and celebrating my 2 girl's birthdays together!  love  everyone!
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying 
learning to eat to live verses living to eat      sometimes still kinda hard to do 
"dryer hit by lightening       $800+ to fix (not sure replacing the controls boards will fix it, might be more internal damage but cant tell until the boards are fix  those are $800 parts and labor)  buying a new one would be cheaper    guess thats what you get for buying those new fangled ones with all the bells and whistles  lesson learned       sad "
i hate these ad's on here that keep playing even after you mute them !!! dislike!
what a great time with my c-u & b-n friends           love  you all!
heading out the door to biaggi's         it will be my first time to eat there    looking for good food and good company        new e playful eriences all around  smile 
mama's got herself a new dryer   let the laundry brigades commence
