0d0871cc2121d7d5cd99f9fa7c0f3e3b
is lovin' the summer!
saw transformers and fight club for the first time  loved them!!!  smile 
i'm fed up with my friggin' ancient ipod! worthless piece of   !!!@?!
is really sleepy 
says r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>  i'm gonna miss him   long live the <propmale> of pop!
saw transformers: revenge of the fallen! loved it! thumbs up <propfirst> bay   smile 
"is packing for back-to-back trips! one pleasure, one business  gotta love life and summer!"
is headed to new york tomorrow and doesnt want to leave miami again 
is back in miami and it feels so good!
"has a headache from sitting 7 hours for a new hairstyle   annoyed  sucks to be me, i know   "
is ready to start college 
is getting a new piercing 
has a slight headache 
is hoping for that job to come through 
is waiting for that last e playful ensive textbook to arrive   annoyed 
is all kinds of ticked off that the last textbook hasn't arrived! damn amazon on all levels  ugh!
is a day away from starting college 
"is flippin' ready for that 8 am, intro to psychology class   smile "
made it through the first day and is saddened by the e playful erience  wasn't much   annoyed 
needs to sell a textbook and read two long chapters  yay college!  annoyed 
 
has had one of those weeks 
is sailing  (discern that however you wish )
is getting away for the weekend  peace 
 
just heard flyleaf's new single again and got goosebumps  can't wait for the new album release in october!
"is at a crossroads on which opportunity to take  decisions, decisions   smile "
"is back on <propmale> for money, it's a terrible addiction, i know   smile "
has got a new hope and let's pray that this one does go out like the others did 
has got a new hope and let's pray that this one doesn't go out like the others did 
just talked to <propfirst> on the phone and is feelin' better   smile 
"96% on a test, quest for peace <propmale> contest and attending the um game against famu on saturday, what a week!  smile "
is high on a new idea and can't come down 
is sleeping like a fiend nowadays 
got into the <propmale> show! yes! one step closer to that first place cash prize!
is feelin' kind of iffy and kinda sh   well you know 
goin' to the <propmale> show tonight to look at the work and leave before the judging st<propmale>s   smile 
went to <propmale> class and i'm feelin' kinda lifted 
is running out of time for the <propmale> assignment  oh well   
feelin irratiated at not being prepared for my own party saturday 
has finally got days off from class! yes!
has nothing to say in reply to all of the noise going on lately 
 
"smiled more today than the past two days combined  in the words of ice cube, \it was a good day \""  smile """
"is just la, la, la right now "
gotta frame that sick piece that got great critiques today for monday!  smile 
is working toward the weekend   smile 
"not caring, not caring, not caring about anything!"
don't you hate it when the final product never shows the details that came from seven straight hours of working?
the end of the week has arrived and i couldnt be happier that next week will soon be on the horizon   smile 
"the bank account is plunding and hitting a record low, need to find self control again "
looking for a good book but i'm way too picky to read just anything    
"gotta get packing, hey, gotta get packing, hey!"
and     i'm back 
"you and me could write a bad romance! (um, love that song )"
is sleeping off one of her worst headaches to date 
jealousy is just one of the many ways to e playful ress how happy you are for someone   smile 
"ugh, the weekend was a little less than spectacular but the shining, hilarious moments i'll never forget   smile "
"get your insanity in check i tell her, you must!"
"decorated two trees in two days  (oh, yeah, i'm on a roll   smile "
"lovin' winter break, there's so much to do, so many people to see and <propfemale> out with  i love it  it's like christmas for three weeks straight!"
 
"looking up and all around, the world is changing and time is passing  while homework asignments, paintings, drawings come and go and inspiration because the latest addiction, realize that all of it has it's own place and time "
typos suck 
"constantly taking the next step, looking in every direction, wondering where the <propmale> that everyone was talking about could be "
is going to national portfolio day!!!!
just watched the buried life  inspiring  making a list of my own 
falling is the greatest sensation 
"so tired, i can't focus on anything  even the things i actually want to do   sad "
"going, going, rolling and going, going, going   smile "
"i asked for the world and he said, \when you're stronger \"" he'll never give you more than you can handle  amen to that """
"forearms deep in freezing water, in the rain, mixing plaster, using a cake spatchula to frost my assignment  gotta love sculpture class   smile "
"forearms deep in freezing water, in the rain, mixing plaster, using a cake spatchula to frost my assignment  gotta love sculpture class   smile "
"omg, the mountains we climb to reach certain plateaus "
waiting for that acceptance letter   or email 
"be thankful for what you have, because it could be worse "
"bleh, another week "
 
"what a day, what a day "
transfer application process complete  finally   
is havin' a musical affair with kings of <propfirst>  (don't tell my other favorite bands )  laugh 
"tired, tired, tired  -_-"
"man, whatever to yesterday, last night and to the week to come  i wasn't that excited to see you anyways   annoyed "
"sorry for the delay to all, i had no internet all week and only through my phone  thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday   smile  i feel so loved   laugh "
"got that figure drawing assignment on lock, now   that term paper "
it's been 2 days and i have not lifted a finger to find sources for that so-called term paper  well   looks like that won't get done any time soon   annoyed 
"you date before you marry, you test before you buy  visit before you commit  logic "
"fear of the unknown kills most, whether it be our dreams or hopes  as men, we must find the courage to run blindly into the dark "
"my mind, fears, and tendency to over analyze wil be the end of me "
it's done 
the stress has become a full blown headache 
"full day planned: test, finish welding sculpture, barnes & <propmale> and hustling at the food sale in south miami  non-stop from 8am to 6 pm, wish me luck   laugh "
burnt out  can you say pass out 'til noon tomorrow  laters 
 love 
"it's the same bs, and   wait let me check    yes, same time of the year  shit gets old people, let it go already "
it's a dirty free for all 
"submission of <propmale> work is over, now on to the completion of that elusive term paper "
my fingers ache from typing and applying for scholarships  someone stop me now  goodness   annoyed 
south beach 
"ugh, back to regular existence   and school   annoyed "
"when the blood runs thick and the mind becomes sluggish, what remedy hath god given man to cure this?"
updating that little thing called the portfolio 
"off to the student <propmale> exhibtion tonight, i may be late but at least i'll get there "
won overall first prize 
is looking over a book of bernini's work and can't help but hate on a man that's been dead for more than a century   annoyed 
i cannot stand mdc 
"putting together the grand hustle in my mind: $20,000 in four months  the money is gonna come from somewhere, i know it "
is ready to cry because this week is going by slower than any other week in the spring semester 
survived a critique that was announced only ten minutes ahead of time  thank goodness for having work done ahead of time!
is so through with everything  to hell with it all for now 
"damn this! the only problem i have with the business calculus final exam is that the damn test has the balls to actually include business related material  screw the corporate world, you can keep your marginal costs and crap  i'm gonna guess on my final and hope for the best "
has officially completed her first year of college  yay me!
"the voices of my parents in my mind are raising my blood pressure and bringing on a sense of stress over something i had finally calmed myself over  perfect, just before my flight tomorrow morning  thanks mom, thanks dad   annoyed "
"hmmm, i see a successful trip in my near future  take care miami, i'll be back to you on tuesday   smile "
"oooh la la, having fun in vancouver! whooo!"
"last day, decisions to make, pictures taken, friends made, e playful eriences had and a lot of walking   smile "
"made it home, back to hot, humid miami  (i've missed you somewhat )  smile "
decide 
"would love to spill all emotion, all feeling to be empty, careless and no one for a while before the rest of her life begins with one decision "
has made up her mind at last 
 
laziness looks good on me  just one more week before i'm back to class   smile 
i'm soooo   ugh right now  dont even ask me what that means because even i dont know   annoyed 
indifference is a bitch and you can't hate <propfemale> because it was just on your side yesterday 
"aaaahh! new deftones album! yyyess! just what i needed  yes! dammit, yes!"
once and for all    time will see us realign
i'm gonna throw up at the inability to go to sleep right now  it's 5 in the morning!!! i can't sleep! i wanna sleep!
boredom breeds stupidity 
just a few more steps and the goal will be realized   smile 
"class in the morning - what a joy, what a joy this will be   laugh "
"talk about an intense drawing class! for 6 hours and 10 minutes, twice a week, i get to bs in my own mind and on my personal time and work my illustration skills before transfering (hopefully) this fall  what a great start to my summer   smile  gotta love life "
"class tomorrow, then i'm finished for the week "
sent her younger sister off to the senior prom looking like a <propfemale> in lavender   laugh 
this could be fun 
has run out of freakin' gesso and acrylic medium on a piece due tuesday for critique  fml!
what is vector?
i'm not okay  for once i am not okay 
it's been one of those days and i'm just ready to take a book of matches to my entire portfolio 
"hey baby, i'm a rockstar!"
 
considering a walk to southland to watch a movie  i could take the bus but that would defeat the purpose of taking a walk to clear my head   annoyed 
"gotta get back on my hustle, i cannot stay in miami another year  i just can't "
"i've got my days so mixed up  tuesday is looking at me like i'm supposed to know what's going on and wednesday is up in the air, lost "
"dude, seriously? really?"
"had an eventful day out, lookin forward to saturday, about to crash "
i cannot type a scream loud enough to illustrate my utter excitement at the creation of pixar canada  if this is not a sign i dont know what is!  laugh 
"this revelation is like looking up, feeling you're not alone then turning around to realize that not only are you not alone, the other presence is right behind you staring you down "
saturday night was sooo wild  still recuperating 
stress is a bitch 
figured out the answer to completing the series!
"ugh, online registration sucks and i cannot stand being a transfer student, it's like being the half-unwanted, toss-aside-orphan of the family "
"i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now "
"got a pretty good, 20 minute cry out of reading through her  yearbook for the first time "
aaaaahhhh! fml! fml! fml! dammit man!
about to go home and fill my second <propmale> application 
"if all the signs point to one singular course of action, why am i being so difficult looking for the other possible directions?"
fml and <propmale> committees 
"i need a little holiday  i wanna resign from being me for a little, drop my name and runaway to a place where i'm just not <propfemale> "
"blah, blah, fucking blah "
i need more nights out like i had tonight  thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale>   laugh 
"ugh, doing the right thing sucks "
"lol  i'm on a creative high so high, my muse is rollin'   laugh "
being at home alone is getting very old   annoyed 
i am now officially bored 
pretty little liars has the potential to help me make it through the first half of summer   smile 
a day off  thank goodness!
one more day and i'm free!
start the countdown and let the games begin   
cooked my first piece of fish! it was heavily seasoned but hella tasty!  smile 
"a week full of necessity and steps that will take me forward and on to a better place  (ecu, see you in september )"
i really wanted to take that painting class   guess i just have to wait and see   annoyed 
"dude, i really want that painting class  i thought it was just a course i wanted to take, now i really want to paint in the fall "
so far i have done well in maintaining this delicate situation and all it's up-keep  let's hope i can continue to juggle until the act is over 
talk about the mix-up of all mix-ups on the phone just now  i hope i haven't screwed up my chances at recieving the <propmale>  -_-
"the surge of emotion at times over this particular situation is slowly draining me of reason, strength and the will to rest "
"just discovered \work of art\"" on bravo   it's like project runway for artists! why didn't i know about this show????"""
 
"and i'm out   miami, see you when i see you bitch   laugh "
   and i'm back 
dude   like   the idea of finishing atlas shrugged by ayn rand is exciting yet exhausting and i'm only on chapter 2   annoyed 
"when the back-up to your back-up plan to go out and have a fun day fails, it's hard not to wonder, \is it me?\""  annoyed """
   i get points for trying  :[
is feeling a bit hopeless right now 
and the like clouds rolled away and like   everything was better ya know   laugh 
"maaaan, let the pieces fall in order! i know they want to! just do it already "
"as many times as i have sat for 4 hours to watch it, titanic never gets old for me "
all that's left now is to wait for august to find me   smile 
so little time   annoyed 
"ah, fuck, i'm so    idk but stressed just doesn't cut it right now "
"shopping for the braidmaids' dresses, celebration dinner, babysitting, bank account, driving, loans, flight booking, reading, applications, i mean stop me when it's enough "
"stayed up all night, let's see how long i last 'til i pass out somewhere in the house   smile "
is a living zombie   surprise 
yay for the appointment at <propfirst>'s bridal tomorrow (and everything else)  hopefully i'll be alert enough to give my opinion on the dress   smile 
life's a bitch  fuck emotions! ah!
it's everything 
"decisions, decisions "
"like, for real? have i spaced out that much that july has gotten away from me so well? i feel like a spaz, totally and completely   annoyed "
if you really knew me   powerful show  well done mtv 
"the burden of the challenges we choose to face in life will only get tougher from here, and that will make the reward of seeing them conquered even sweeter  one more day   smile "
has finally finished reading atlas shrugged  took a little over three weeks but was well worth the time and effort   smile 
"soooo sleepy, but i have to write the essays     annoyed "
never taken so many naps in one day 
inception is a total mindfuck! i am so impressed   smile 
i feel like i just signed my soul away   sad 
dude      annoyed  *sighs*
 
"i'll say it again, \i don't want to be me right now  not tomorrow or next week as of now \"""""
x games on espn!  smile 
getting things done on time   i miss that feeling 
i am in so much pain i cannot e playful ress how much it hurts to walk  i just wanna lay down dammit!
time to start packing  yes!!!  laugh 
"\i love e playful edia \"" never thought i'd say that   laugh """
five years of <propmale> supplies fits in three small boxes  damn i'm good   smile 
"dude, give me a $100,000 and i'll show you what to do with it "
"omfg! it cannot be this hard to figure out a cell phone plan for vancouver, i mean damn i have to be doin' somethin' wrong here!"
the wedding is on saturday and i can't be happier that it'll soon come and go  finally!
i got my money bitch! i'm leaving!  laugh 
what type of person do i want to be? this is the question to have answered  it'll make surviving and adapting so much easier 
the flight is booked!
on to the wedding reception!
beat to shit from such an eventful day yesterday at the wedding   smile 
"so much packing, hanging out, memories to make before i bid a temporary goodbye to my city   annoyed "
the to-do list just keeps on growing   annoyed 
"oh boy, one less <propmale> daughter after tomorrow   smile  (psst   and it isn't me)"
 
my sister and cousin are flippin crazy 
i am so   frustrated with liars that i just can't understand why they are allowed to even continue existing 
"i am so bored right now, yet i still have so much to do before wednesday "
is missin' the little sister   sad 
"after tomorrow   jeez, if only my brain could figure out my emotions "
i'm slowly giving up on everything  i can't focus while thinking about my flight tomorrow  8 
i won't be sleeping tonight 
day 1: let the adventure begin 
is in vancouver   smile 
"\living your dream is hard to do when you have to leave the ones you love to do it \"""""
"that girl got that number! in 24 hours, i'll be social again with my new phone!"
the new number is now functional  yay me!
<propfirst> pilgrim was sooo entertaining! i loved it   laugh 
"is going grocery shopping today with laura,karla and <propfemale> "
i feel some times i took on more than i can handle   annoyed 
"ah! new sketchbook, new city, new place! dammit i love my life some times!  laugh "
moving day 
"is without internet because of her stupid, old ass laptop  fml "
has awesome friends in vancouver   smile 
the internet is back! i love <propfemale> shneyer!
"great day, met new people, this year is gonna be awesome   laugh "
is off to double orientation this morning 'til noon 
i complicate my life in the strangest ways  things that shouldn't rack my brain still do and the discovery of this does not amaze me in the slightest 
"ugh, school tomorrow  <propmale> history of all things is my first class   annoyed  that's just my life "
"ha ha, first day of class and i never even set foot inside the auditorium  foundation classes, goodness "
"sometimes, you just cannot fake the stupidity that can come out of one's mouth when not thinking   smile "
"one more class to go to and i'm finished for the week  i hope printmaking is interesting  i can't have another boring class, i won't make it "
"weekend! yes!!!  laugh  \homework   boooo  annoyed "
hahahahahahahaha   lol   laugh  (dying lauhing )
time for a semi-all-nighter to reactivate the creative juices!
"oh shit son, an atlas shrugged movie? finally hollywood is making a movie from a worthy novel!  laugh "
what a lazy sunday   
"reading the <propmale> history textbook, i'm surprised at how much i remember and it's been     3 years? 8o oh boy!"
"blah, bl,bl, blah, blah   yeah that was class today  i couldnt not get my mind to focus at all   annoyed "
"and there was 15,000 purple piggies in the sky, as you drove by     laugh "
"thinking up a challenge that involves a sleepness night, a scavenger hunt and maybe a few friends that aren't too obsessed with homework    these are the things i wish for   smile "
rhea+biking+3 slices of pizza+20km= sore knee caps and a good night sleep  -_-
has got all over her assignments on lock  oh yeah! i'm gonna be sitting around bored this week! whoop!  laugh 
"got everything done except those ten sketchbook pages               oh well, i'll figure it out later "
"i have to do my hair, dammit i miss my cousin <propfemale> so much right now   smile "
"coffee night was sooo much fun, i can't begin to report in a facebook status the awesomeness i witnessed tonight!  laugh "
   
goin' for the record of a research paper started and finished in 3 days   smile 
i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one!!!!!
"i wrote 2 research papers in 2 days   long story, i can't believe it  i am such a fuckin' nerd   annoyed "
"ahh, i'm gonna do whatever i want for my assignments  screw requirements and themes  i'm drawing what i want to draw!"
i'm going ice skating tonight  yay!  laugh 
back to the weekly grind   annoyed 
what to type as a status? nothing interesting is happening to me right now  bummer   annoyed 
i move that dash have its own university dammit!
"i'm going to school tomorrow   on saturday, because the school is closed monday for a strange thing called canadian thanksgiving "
"i actually went nowhere near school today, never even set foot outside  to staying in all day watching movies, hooray!!!  laugh "
"lol! we're goin' to hell for the great time we had tonight but hey, at least we had some great laughs to show for it!  laugh "
gotta hate watercolors as if drawing isn't hard enough for some of us  goodness!
"doesnt have class tomorrow, so there's a lot of things that can and will get done tomorrow   laugh  i look forward to it "
"for once, i've got a full weekend   smile  finally "
"ten hours in the print media studio, about half that time i was standing up  my feet, my arms, my mind are exhausted  'til monday printmaking, 'til monday   annoyed "
i tip over when i laugh  ha ha   laugh 
"oh muse! oh <propfemale>'s muse, you're lunch break is over! get back to work!"
"and so the day came that she had to make a decision, and this decision meant goin' back "
i dont think anyone can dislike visual culture more than me at this point   annoyed 
it just got serious 
just came up with a revolutionary idea for a show with <propfemale> monterrosa   this should be fun   laugh 
"my photographic memory has not faded   smile  it works even better when repeating the same song in the background while memorizing  sing the song, or hum the beat and the facts come flooding back  my brain is awesome!  laugh "
"i am sick to death of both of my childrens' books  i dont want to see them after the critique on thursday, i may just mail them to miami   annoyed "
"got that presentation and research paper on lock and finished 'em, yeah bitch!  laugh "
i welcome the weekend and whatever it wants to throw at me   smile 
budgets stress me out  forget accounting man 
"what to do when you have great ideas, but have no time, and no environment to actually bring these things to life? you attend <propmale> school, the massive graveyard for potential masterpieces before your \education\"" sucks the life from all that makes <propmale> enjoyable for you """
i've been giving it all i've got  i can't figure out what to do  do i have to self-destruct to make the marks i deserve? geez 
"got mindless in the studio today  i promise i looked up and it was 2 o'clock, five hours went by without me even noticing and i'm not even tired from working   laugh  yay!"
i dont think i can be more dissatisfied with my education at this point 
 
"going into the studio tomorrow  i'm workin' on so much at once, it feels like i'm not making progress  but all 5 plates, should be completed by the end of the week   smile "
"my fingertips are numb, my hands ache from washing and re-twisting my hair   annoyed "
i cannot seem to get my mind on working on my comic for illustration  i have 3 weeks to do it and i know i shouldnt wait but   ah!  annoyed 
"fml, fml! fuck the printing press handle that smashed the screen of my beloved zune! ugh, i feel terrible for breaking it!!!"
is about to take p<propmale> in a very wide event where many <propmale> students are going to sleep in on our holiday off from school   laugh 
those final 2 intaglio assignments will be completed by this saturday 
"the stuff we get into in this life, should be labeled as a hazard  love, debt, devotion, passion, all of it!"
"i feel so tired, so bored and so creative all at the same time   annoyed "
why must american airlines feel the need to fuck with me and my travel plans?
"omfg! it's snowing! i've seen snow! check that off the list of things to do before i die, hell yeah!  laugh "
the work is done  i can breathe now 
"i fell so many times today, thank you but no thank you snow, i think i want to see warmer climates "
i now own snow boots  hopefully the falling will cease from here 
i miss miami in the worst way 
"i'm in the mood for some torture, maybe a 3 by 6 foot drawing painting for my choice final? i love it "
just updated the ol' <propmale> portfolio and it hasn't grown much   annoyed 
i  am  sick  to  death  of  this  fucking  snow 
"\decisions of this nature are never easy to deal with \""  annoyed """
 
it's alive! i have fixed my zune and replaced the lcd! i have brought it back to the waking world and i will take better care of it from this point forward   smile 
"i haven't been sick in 2 years  i've forgotten how mean and angry, how much i wish the rest of the world would disappear when i'm sick "
"nyquil is amazing  after a sleepless night, i took it and i was passed out, didn't have to blow my nose once  it's <propfemale>!  laugh "
victory muffins and orange juice rock my socks! the hardest final is over now i can focus on being sick and getting over this damn cold 
"half way finished with these things called, \finals\""   laugh  bring it on! i'm ready to be done with this semester and on to more inspiring locations   smile """
i am unnaturally happy for reasons i can't e playful ress clearly  but it could involve being home in just 9 days!  laugh 
"the most epic trip to ups ever, enough said "
just put together an awesome christmas playlist for the flight home  oh yeah   laugh 
all i did was buy a pair of snow boots! why are my suitcases acting like my clothes dont fit when i know they do!!!!! x_x
my genius plan for getting all my clothes to miami will certainly make for an interesting flight   smile 
home 
i have a christmas tree!
happy holidays to all   smile 
finally got my nookcolor working  goodness what a relief   smile 
 
looking forward to a fresh start with a better attitude and mindset   smile 
 
<propfemale> be unto the lord for he is merciful!  laugh  lol
"be careful what you wish for, you just may get it   annoyed "
why does every new york bestseller have to become a motion picture? some books should just stay books  screenplay writers   maybe it's time for new blood if you have to get movie plots from popular teen novels 
watchin' aladdin on abc family  gotta love old school disney   laugh 
i can't be upset with anyone but myself right now 
"just finished watching momento for the first time  now i understand what everyone means when they say you have to see it twice to really get it, even though i think i got most of it down   smile "
"it's a scary place when you're drawing a very detailed portrait and wonder why you're spending your time doing it, then have thoughts of destroying it "
"ah! i'm going to miss coffee night at ecu next week  dammit   annoyed  great times, good talent "
i gotta get better at doing my independent assignments and leave some things unfinished so i have a reason to get up and go to class during the week 
"time to kick back and watch some tv  homework is done, dinner's been cooked, i'm chilling the rest of the night  i'm done "
"if one more person over the age of 25, talks about 'skins' i'm going to scream  the show isn't for you!"
i paid dash a visit today  it was so different going back  the faculty has some fresh faces 
"no matter what, there'll always exist an artist that makes you feel like you aren't doing snit artistically   annoyed "
i just wanna get the piece done so i can stop inhaling dangerous amounts of charcoal 
"ready, ready for that interview! well   almost "
"glee! i confess my unwavering adoration for this show tonight  thriller heads will roll, this mash up should be amazing   laugh "
"never thought it would happen this soon, but i'm misisng vancouver a little more everyday   smile  the friends, the city but nothing else   laugh "
"ugh, got a critique on tuesday and like 2 shows to submit work to  enough already universe, please, cut me some slack, i beg you "
"where is it cosmically written that anyone with some kind of talent is either addicted to a substance, antisocial, mentally unsound or just all around awkward in some way?"
"gotta love it when all your teachers bury you with work, but you know, there's a special place in my heart for the ones that dig the pit for you to stand in   smile "
"so tired from researching, from studying but i know i can write this paper in 2 days if i can just gather all my sources "
the inspiration timed out   annoyed 
mmmm   guava and cheese pastry   surprise 
"8 5 foot wide drawing, why do i do stuff like this?  annoyed "
the <propmale> we  smile 
my eight foot drawing may just becoming my eight foot ink painting because spreading ink on paper is so much easier than shading with nine different pencils 
the cartier-bresson paper is nearly complete! thank god!  laugh 
"my voice is going   thanks dad for giving me a sorry excuse for a cold  no fever, i just can't talk louder than a whisper "
i got into the impressed print show at the backhouse <propmale> complex for next month! oh yeah! my first legit gallery showing! whoop whoop!  laugh 
the joy from seeing a piece come together is always the greatest  makes every other assignment suck less because at least one is going right   smile 
the bday is this week but i've got so much going on i can't even begin to be excited 'til i finish a few things first   annoyed 
my presentation is monday and i still have quite a few loose ends to tie  my fingers will bleed tonight 
"i am two decades old today! yay, i lived to see 20! hip, hip, hooray!"
i'd like to thank el heat for playing an entertaining game and beating los lakers on my birthday! thanks you guys!  laugh 
attending the impressed show at the bakehouse <propmale> complex   smile 
had an amazing time at the bakehouse  i'll definitely be attending more <propmale> openings   smile 
"finished that advanced composition assignment a week early, oh yeah! i hope to keep this up "
it's done!  laugh 
i can't remember when i've been so excited to do work and all it took was finding a <propfemale> scrap of copper and the idea to turn it into a plate   laugh 
just went to the fair and had an amazing time! resting up for saturday when i head back out there again   laugh 
"you have to love the fair, i was so tired when i got in last night and now i'm ready to go back today if i had plans to do so   smile "
six and a half hours retwisting my hair  it was needed but goodness i need a clone to do this for me  o_0
"well done pretty little liars, even i thought this emotional rollercoaster was coming to an end tonight   annoyed  nice twist at the end, not!"
almost ready for the student show 
"just finished a ridiculous amount of work in a week  i'm taking friday off, next week i'll see you when i see you bitch!"
"i am too happy at the fact i got 3 pieces into the student show  there must be something disappointing lurking in my near future to balance this success out  wait for it, wait for it    "
