2ef1f5d911198933a35f9213f64c5503
is not ready to come back from vacation!
is off to work for awhile  then a burger making contest  if i win maybe a trip to florida  
"nope, no trip 4 me"
is getting sick  it's not fun 
black
is exhausted  feels bad her puppy didn't get to play much today  and gets to get up early and do it all over again tomorrow! what a life 
had a good night last night 
doesn't know what she wants to do tonight    think i might go out for a little bit
is going out to peabodys a little later if anyone cares to join   
laundry day!    then maybe some garbage day later?!?!
i am not one to garbage day much    i will get there!
what a day! another lovely day of mid-ing tomorrow! thanks shoes for watching the <propfemale> puppy 
finally   i get to sit down! another long day at work tomorrow! if only i had someone to cuddle with tonight  i'll get my puppy back tomorrow at least 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and  paste this to your status, and put the first entery for your name under  comments   "
"one of the worst days ever! my car got broken into, my face got broken by my dog, i have to fix a window and get a new id by next and a new ss card! yay  i hate my life"
fucking really    i'm on vacation in the south and its snowing   bullshit!
letting the puppy out then off to ugly sweater party!!!
"if your mom is your hero,  whether you are blessed to have her still with you, or if she has gone  to be with the lord, copy and paste this with her name ? ? ? <propfemale> kolpin- not a day goes by when i don't think about you and miss you  mom "
been in bed all day   can't sleep now   oh i hate getting sick!
i can't believe it is march already   time is going so fast   
just got back from a walk with luna   thinking about what to do tonight since i won't make it to the concert  sad 
yay activity  all i can say 
loves rainy days    anyone want to go play in the rain?
what a night!
"thinking about heading downstairs for a drink     anyone want to join me, it's <propfirst>'s pas-tyme  i'm stuck listening to their shitty music anyways  call me"
"exhausted, can't wait until monday! my one day off "
"so it was a good night, got to eat some good food  chill in the chilliness with some crazy friends  and then do alright at some bowlin with amazing peoples  chels and o'kon!"
get to make hula hoops today with walelah!
has three days off  doesn't know what to do with myself  i'm sure i'll think of something!
"sad   the puppy park is closed until tomorrow  at least i got to take her for a nice walk  now going to watch sherlock holmes with <propmale>  then some space risk or battle <propfemale> later  what a day, and i have to finish cleaning  been a busy 3 days "
can't wait for monday!
gosh i love storms! now everything is budding also  i love this weather  as long as it doesn't last to long 
"what a day  got my car looked at only one more day to get it fixed, but while i was walking got to see one of my favorites! timmae i missed you! it was a good day "
had a great day! got to actually catch some butterflies! thanks for everything <propmale>  it was amazing  sorry i broke the butterfly though  i'll to better next time 
"my knees are sore, i lost my phone (hopefully not for long), and got to collect some aquatic plants   (seaweed), but had a good time  and i got a butterfly, it was pretty sweet! glad it was such a nice day out "
is practically done with my transfer  i can't believe i'm almost out of wisconsin  so much left to do and so little time  also got some sweet butterflies yesterday  starting to get a collection    now i just need a case to put them in 
"went blacklighting tonight and got some big ones! yay! now if only i could get a <propfemale> moth, that would make my day!"
"so, saw storms all around me last night while collecting it was pretty sweet  then was almost attacked by a bat and a bird which was scary as hell, but ended up with some pretty sweet moths! now only if i could find a <propfemale> moth!"
just finished my last day of work before i move  i can't believe how fast it went 
ahhh    the movers took all my stuff  i feel lost 
"at the beach today, and off to the aquarium! going to be a good day  oh vacation   why can't you always be   "
ugh    unpacking  what a pain in the butt 
just got scared by a salamandar running close to my foot and jumping  freaked the shit outta me  also got a zebra butterfly today   yay! good day so far 
still not used to this time change crap   why can't i just adjust! one day i'll get there hopefully 
yay! i made some friends today  maybe i won't be completely lonely this weekend  i still miss my wisconsin homies though  hopefully ill get to see you guys soon 
just got a variegated fritillary  my frit collection is starting to get there 
why so emotional    gosh i hate this
"yay  i got my variegated fritillary  i'm starting to get a collection now   damn case, i need more room "
"gosh, this heat is a killer  hopefully my body will get used to it sooner rather than later "
fuck  i'm becoming an drunik again  hopefully it will woerk itrself out
going to go collecting today after i clean up a bit  i hope i get some good ones 
"got a pipevine swallowtail, <propfemale> crescent, and i think an eastern tail blue today  not a bad day  2 new species  yay!"
"god, this is going down tooo good  i love me some captain  becoming a drunk again, good thing i don't work until tomorrow night  hope everyone has a wonderful night  i know i will, even if i don't do anything "
"fuck i'm derunk\aga9jom4"
ready for a weekend of work   hopefully it will go quick   make some money at least 
"god damn the dmv down here is worse than oshkosh  wasted 3 hours today  can't wait for work tomorrow, then hanging out with <propfemale>  hopefully it will be a better day than today!"
"hope everyone had a good summer solstice  summer is now here, everyone enjoy "
"had a stellar dream last night, then woke up and realized that i can't see him for a while and it sucks  why do dreams have to do that you you?"
my day off from work and my back is killing me  this blows  at least i get to do lunch with <propfemale> after forever of trying 
confudled   
happy 4th of july!
excited to come home and visit  yay!
"home in 3 weeks! get to dress up all pretty for a wedding, <propfemale> out with my friends and hopefully go tubing  can't wait!"
off to get nc plates again  hopefully i can find it  then go on a drive until work  maybe collect  should be a good day 
"leave for home in 2 weeks  can't wait, i need some great big hugs, and a spotted cow, they don't have those down here "
what to do on my day off tomorrow    if anyone is bored you should hit me up!
so need something to do tomorrow     get at me if your bored  then home in a little over a week 
"good night last night  get my tan on today, and then off to work later "
"home in a week! doubles the next couple of days, so time should fly by  yaay"
"getting ready to go back to work, then not sure what's happening   get a hold of me if you want to chill   home soon! can't wait!"
can't wait to get a my tan on tomorrow with <propfemale>  if people want to join hit me up  then oil change and start to pack for my trip home  almost there 
"wonderful sun, here i come  mix it up with some liquor too, and boy is it going to be good!"
"a day of busting my ass tomorrow, then homeward bound!!!!"
packing   ugh! then off to work  homeward bound in just a few hours  can't wait!! not looking forward to the drive though   sad 
getting ready for more driving   ugh  at least i get to dress up pretty!
"drove straight through, boy that gets rough  home with the friends  can't wait for camping and tubing   should be a blast!"
"back in the nc  made it to work on time! woot woot! then chilled with the girls for a bit  now off to bed   much needed  work in the morning, then some tanning  can't wait "
had the most amazing week back home  thanks to everyone who made that possible  i love you guys!
"actually got some sleep last night  thank goodness  it felt great, now i don't want to get out of bed  work later  then some relaxation till tomorrow "
what to do tomorrow   meeting at 3  so much time before then 
"another shot of whiskey, can't stop looking at the door\wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before\and i wonder if i ever cross your mind\for me it happens all the time"
its been a roller coaster tonight  not sure what how  i should feel right now     fuck emotions 
this day is taking forever  i hate sitting at home  htc if someone wants to to something till 5  maybe fastlanes after work   ?
dude! i can't believe you came on my mom! i think you might be  the biggest perv in the world right now 
if only yesterday could happen all the time  it was perfect 
"really just wants to sit around and play some board games, or even some cards "
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed\sing like bird, dizzy in my head\spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night"
"ready to relax, then to do it all over again tomorrow  yay, work! i wish   "
"could go for some twilight, risk, or even battlestar or tigris and euphrates    wish i knew people who liked board games down here     "
"here we go, aquarius, pisces, \feel the flow of the fluid as i swim through it to free my my soul  \bush shoved the cane without the glove numbed the pain  \the magic from up above what it does for the brain"
"was that you? looked just like you  strange thangs my imagination might do, take a breath, reflect on what we been through or am i just goin' crazy 'cause i miss you?"
getting ready to clean the car    sad  it'll be worth it when i'm done though  then going to chillax   hopefully some one wants to do something later   i'm losing it in my house 
mama got me drunishwk early tonight  good thing i'll still be <propmale> to get a  goood nites sleep   hi would wou ld have ate something today  yay workkk  can't wait 
"that was bad  thanks mom for getting me drunk  it was nice and early so i'll be sober for work tomorrow  appreciated  should have ate something though  yay work  omg, i don't know how i got that to work so well compared to the last one  i think  just  proof read "
work all day today   yay
what a boring day    getting the laundry done and chilling with the puppy  htc if you want to do something    
"got to talk to my best friend from years ago today  it was wonderful, if only that would have happened before i left "
cooking supper  then relaxing 
work a double today  hopefully we'lll actually get busy 
"how i wish, how i wish you were here \we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year,\running over the same old ground  \what have we found? the same old fears \wish you were here "
"ugh   i hate getting sick  laying in bed getting some rest  volleyball game in the morning, work at night "
"volleyball was so cute, gosh i miss playing  now getting some rest before work "
"i may not be the most attractive, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some things i've done in my past, but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am              or watch me as i walk away! post if you're proud of being you!"
aww   everyone is so sweet  thanks for all the bday wishes  your all the best!
the scavenger hunt was awesome  the girls totally won!
not wanting to go to work later    hopefully make some money though 
had a fantastic night! can't wait to go camping!!!!
"had a good weekend, and got to take a nice walk with my baby today  work later   ugh!"
it's going to be a long couple of days   wish i could just skip them 
"just got done with a long night at work, and getting ready for a longer day tomorrow  missing my homies  can't wait till feb "
"snobby girls come from california  sweet girls come from alabama  but we wi girls have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, drink with the boys and if we have an opinion, you bet your ass you're gonna hear it!! copy and post if you agree"
"been a long night, ready to get some rest  then doing it again tomorrow "
had a good day  got to sleep in a little bit  took the puppy for and walk and baked a cake and dinner  then a long day at work again!
"the love that lasts the longest, is the love that is never returned "
gosh i love full moons  i feel like i should be doing something instead of sitting here though!
"is excited  can't wait to party with the crew tonight up in love valley! gosh, halloween is amazing!"
ugggh    i hate being sick  another night of r&r and hopefully i'll be back on my feet again!
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, what brand name you wear, if your house is a mess, where you live, about your past or if your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking but never question the friendship  re-post if you have at least one true friend    they will know who they are!!"
uggghhhhh           i just want this headache to go away!
"finally    a day off, and i'm going to get to eat some bangin food  excited!"
happy thanksgiving to everyone! relax and have a great day 
"relaxing with the puppy  bout to chill in the hot tub to relax for a <propfemale>, then munch on some leftovers and watch a movie  can't decide which one   "
"just got my new puppy <propfemale>  she is adorable, and now <propfemale> has a friend to play with  excited!!"
lost my phone last night      lame   hopefully find it soon  if you've seen it leave me a message on here plz!
yay! found my phone   again  scatterbrain  open in the am  ready to see my bestie afterwards!
"at least i got to see my bestie <propfemale> <propfemale> murrell before we go on opposite scheduales  going to miss you  we gotta to see each other soon, can't have my withdrawls again     not cool!!!!!"
"<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family  i love you all, and hope you have a great day!"
with my love <propfemale> <propfemale> murrell   getting ready for bed again soon 
"omg    i forgot how much i love atmosphere!!!  jammin out, then getting ready for my day!!!"
"maybe we can speed up the process kill me in my 30s in the name of progress,put me in the dirt than change the topic, some time it seems like the only way to stop it contemplate my departure date, doesn't take a lot to get a lot of us to talk this way  take a shot at me that's all the i'm obligated for, the only guarentee is a walk away "
"this is life, we all scream  praying for dollars and we work for change, its all the same, we all struggle, sometimes you have to say fuck you, when you smile and she doesnt' return it, give her room and don't disturb it, if it makes it hurt less to curse and fight, than go ahead girl you deserve it!"
"just got back from sledding with my girls <propfemale> <propfemale> murrell and <propfemale> kerrick  it was the shittttt, except that pond came up quick  sore as hell, relaxing with <propfemale> now "
"with my love <propfemale> kerrick  chilling in the hot tub, drinking some wine and watching movies "
"with my love <propfemale> kerrick  just had some delicious home made <propmale> and cheese,chillin watchin some tv, followed by wine and hot tub! ready to relax!!!"
bored!!!! someone should come chill with me!
"i think it's great how you used to be great \i can't hate how you choose to relate \but i know you had the potential \i understand why you wanted to let go \a lot of pressure in the middle of those shoulders \and we ain't gettin nothing but older \ain't nothing change but the day we run from \but nobody knows that better than you"
"with my love <propfemale> kerrick  drinking, movies, hot tub    doesn't get much better!!!!"
going dancin with the girls ! to a night of randomness and adventures that we won't be able to forget!!
"went for a nice walk, finishing up some laundry and some pretty little liars! it's a good night!"
"what a crazy hike  quite fun though, gotta love playing in the mud!!!"
