29426adaa0375a19b43f6f97064fe128
ahh     new years was     that's actually a really good question  cause i don't remember 
much better
   
wait  what? ha ha  random!!!
         
mmm  lunchable 
when i wake up early in the morning    lift my head    i'm still yawning    when i'm in the middle of a dream    lay in bed    go to sleeeeeeepppp    
get thicker curtains; sleep the day away 
spaghetti  mmm  maybe  i need more veggies 
hdr: good or bad??? just difficult to get right actually 
the things i do sometimes  makes me wonder   
tonight=fail  ha ha  no doubt  except for the nielsen part 
too much? maybe  he he 
x   x
tired> bedtime
guitar? nice  you gonna be able to play some sweet 'riffs?' if i had known i would have just let you borrow my old camera!
yay
yay  cold  or swine  or just the flu  i don't really care  haha
strep throat or tonsilitis  hopefully i get a doctor's appointment tonight so i can get over this shit  ughhhh     (kaiser sucks btw   )
facinating wikipedia article  codependency  read it  super interesting  haha
">i had hoped that if the hammer fell on anything other than an empty chamber i would feel something other than disappointment \\that is offically the most emo thing i have ever heard  haha"
"http annoyed  www dminorartisan com  \\not sure if epic troll or worst wedding photog ever "
yawn  i'm tired  but metalocalpse is funny 
wade: the only person i know who could possibly run <propmale> osx snow leopard on a pc    wow  haha
terrible cod6 decision: akimbo m9's and riot shield 
brahsome brah  saying hella in so cal would create a total brolocaust  not cool 
bang! btw
"don't ask about the status updates btw  they're both semi-inside-jokes (triple hyphen??)  or, 'common knowlege' supposedly for one "
black hawk down!!!!!
at my house with <propmale> patterson and <propfemale> kinberg watchingblack hawk down!
mmm    fried potatoes 
is my profile pic showing up? it won't show on my computer    
cod 6 multiplayer tonight was     interesting to say the least  haha
scanning old pictures  soooo tedious 
"can't sleep, yet so tired  eh   "
gonna actually upload and tag some photos  wow  not to many though  gotta get to bed 
can  not  sleep  any  more  w  t  f 
25ft hdmi cable from my pc to tv  hell yeah! now to download some movies!
good mood 
"omg  seriously, if you're picking someone up, get out of the car, walk to thier door, and ring the <propfemale>  don't just lay on the horn for five fucking minutes  son of a bitch "
"woo  light stands  all i'm waiting on now are a couple more lights, umbrellas, and someone who wants pictures!"
badass weekend for sure  haha
lights  lights  lights  i love off camera lights!
whee  whoopy 
"nwa- 'straight outta compton,' an album i'd never thought i'd like "
batch processing in photoshop ftw 
omg omg  photoshop actions+batch processing=amazing!!! so much time saved 
fitter  healthier  more productive  a pig  in a cage  on antibiotics 
shopping cart in tj's room  epic night!
la cocina es cerrado! por que!
camera show  my life  is  complete 
sweet  rain  such a mild spring 
weather   love 
god  so  boooooored  and 86 notifications  random  haha
cherrios and a quesadilla  the midnight snack of champions 
hooray for taking pictures 
hmm  refinery pictures  waiting for the light  sitting in front of an old railroad crane  nice breeze  utterly relaxing 
unimaginably epic failure  wow  haha 
woah 
lodi  is  boring 
someone thought i was gay  not the first time  haha
"get home and can't figure out what to eat  throw random shit together  my dinner consisted of a hot dog quesadilla wrap with orange juice, dannon yogurt, and wheat thins "
giant moth in room when i get home  go get two cans of glade air freshener  dual wield them  epic battle ensues 
highlight of my day: cleaning a pile of shit in the mens restroom 
is it a bad thing that i am excited for ddr4 ram in 2012?
jury duty  blew  nap time  now 
me and <propfirst> make good teamates 
but the last game    so close 
"in this order: one stupid decision, an excursion downtown, a closed bridge, and a very unfortunate missed opportunity  that's how my trip home went down "
oh  my  god  it is so freaking hot and humid in here!
<propfirst> robbins  my rediscovery  incredible 
wow  38-4 and we still lost the battle 
beasting with an m16 
i have a reputation  haha  wow 
a mosquito eater? in my room? shit just got real    
nerding-out hxc tonight  simcity4 ftw 
'time ' that song  love it 
"ok  i take a three asprin cause my head hurts  little <propfemale> ones  i accidentally choke a bit because i took them dry  coughed, but they went down  this was about an hour ago  i just now coughed up an asprin  \\so question: is it normal for things to be lodged in your trachea for an hour, without even knowing?"
stuck in my head atm: cygnus    vismund cygnus
so many  zip files    
"\who do you trust?\"" now say that like <propmale> sings it  epic """
<propmale>'s perfect purple pickled pelican pellets        mindfuck 
gift cards  many  guess what i'm gonna buy  camera crap 
i need a new profile pic 
can not  stop  listening  to  this  album 
jazz organ ftw
7ft goth girls need to not stand on the median of pacific ave    
"seriously, is like every fucking coinstar in stockton out of order? 4th freaking machine "
making myself a new fb profile pic tomorrow after dinner  i need someone to drive though  any takers?
<propmale> kaufman: my new hero 
camera shopping  laugh 
fog  fog everywhere 
"woo  4 shirts, under 20  jeans, 16  belt, 8  shoes, 34  34  34  how disproportionate "
i am in awe  fuji hs20  my god the specs       
"up before 8  wtf  guess i should like, accomplish something or stuff "
sleep  i needs it 
riverside? riverside? riverside? yeeee
now there's no li-i-ight  in the darkness of your furthest reaaaches!!
"hey, need some help here  what's that one movie where <propfirst> cera plays the awkward dude?"
so many happy birthdays! thanks everyone!
omigod! so many birthday wishes!! thanks everyone! feels wonderful having so many friends!
oh my god it just dissapeared! it's a ghost car!
do i really need 2870 gb of storage on my pc?
woo  sf 
hahhahaha  the ramrod  hahaahhh  i cn't belicv i aid <propfemale> 
fuck  the  flu 
a simpson's episode i've never seen from season 4? wow  i am shocked 
"\i give to you our 39th president: <propfirst> carter!\"" \""he's history's greatest monster!!!\""\",29426adaa0375a19b43f6f97064fe128,most unproductive nap ever 
new  facebook  pic  needed  badly 
"\it'll go three hundred hectares on a single tank of kerosene\"" \""what country is this car from?\"" \""it doesn't exist anymore \"""""
it's 9pm  fuck consciousness  i'm going to bed early again 
"yo  attn: if you need to get a hold of my don't call me  my sim card is fried, and until i get a new one, facebook will be your only way to reach me  which sucks because i was hard enough to get a hold of by calling "
woo  new sim card  but i lost 99% of my <propfirst>  text me so i can get them back!
'paranormal activity' used infra-sound  wow  wtf  totally not fair 
lost cosmonauts? creepy  also 'taman shud case' for the armchair investigators  good read with lots of weird twists and turns 
