23e24300bed4d467cf8a6604d3c7ea84
"time passes  even when it seems impossible  even when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise  it passes unevenly, in strange lurches and dragging lulls, but pass it does  even for me "
"    if someone puts their ring on your ring finger, are you married?? @_@"
is so over this town and the stresses of school   minus <propfirst>   
is being enthralled by roofing and floor structures     gotta love detailing     
went to the rec tonight with <propfirst> and feel really good right now   laugh 
really wants to go back to bed     stupid programming nobody likes you    
ah    the first snow of the season    
ready to go home for thanksgiving break bring on tuesday!
has so much to do this week       crap
is getting really tired at looking at autocad    
f'n a     have to go to class and studio in this crappy weather while feeling sick    what a great combo
dear whatever made me sick     please go away   i have a studio project to finish and i am starting to miss the taste of real food  please and thank you  your b**** aka <propfirst>
can see the light at the end of the tunnel! back in stl in a week!
needs to figure out plans for tomorrow night    its my last night in manhattan for 8 months!
finished my first semester of my 4th year     now its time for a much needed break and then italy!
thinking about a lot of things       this can't be a good thing
don't know how i pulled off an a in programming but i will take it
<propfemale> christmas!
yet another night alone     i am beginning to become too attached to new <propfemale>
one week and i will be beginning my travels to italy!
leaving for rome today    flights just got reworked and hopefully we make it there tomorrow
arrived in orvieto yesterday    long trip    having a wonderful day walking the town and stuff
the start of my first full week of studies     rome this friday!
so i am a complete nerd     we were talking about the town of volterra and the first thing i think about is new <propfemale> and the volturi
rome was amazing! ah <propfemale>!
another week in orvieto    florence on friday!
ready for this busy week   2 field trips and cooking class oh and the random trip to the police station
omg      love <propmale> and <propfirst>'s house!
herculanium and pompeii wednesday through friday     which means i will have internet 24 hours a day when i am at the hotel!!!!
back from pompei and herculanium its quite beautiful pictures coming soon!
looking forward to the coming weeks and visiting <propfemale>
ran part of the rupe this morning    now to continue my motivation to run   
fml    i think i may have broken my computer and i don't know how to fix it because i don't speak italian!
needs to figure out where the apple store is in rome so i can possibly get my computer fixed    
"so my saturaday in rome was an interesting e playful erience    finally getting my computer fixed should be back up and running next weekend   leaving for <propfemale> tommorrow through saturday   since i won't be online wednesday, happy birthday <propfirst> <propmale>!"
finally have my computer back!!! love being able to communicate again and not being technologically challenged 
screw you sprint     screw you!
"for everyone out there do not ever get sprint service   they are horrible, rude, and mess every single thing up about your account "
so <propfirst> just made me the happiest person on earth right now!
so excited that k-state is in the elite 8    go state!
i am in italy and studio still finds a way to ruin my life   gah!
looking forward to a 4 day weekend
thinking about having theme songs for the day week    
trying to enjoy my last weeks in italy but have so much to look forward to when  i get home and will be glad to get away from the people i am with   
absolutely hates landscape design     there is a reason i went into architecture
officially done with studio time to pack to get ready to come home!!!
"packing is a nightmare right now    heading to <propfemale> tomorrow to catch a night train to <propfirst>, <propfirst> saturday through tuesday back home on tuesday    i also got a new cell phone so if you want me to have your number send me a message on here so i can have it, i do have some peoples from before     ciao italia!"
made it to <propfirst> 3 more days here and then back to the states
amazing day in <propfirst> today     saw so much! home on tuesday!
finally made it back to st louis     its good to be home
do you feel the weight of the world singing sorrow or to you is it just not real cause we all got our own things    i guess
at shakesperes in como      hells to the ya!!!!
chillin by the pool with some beers    damn straight
chillin by the pool drinkin take 2
day one at work over time to go run
"for those who don't know me, i can get a bit crazy have to get my way, yep 24 hours a day'cuz i'm hot like that"
completely soaked from the employee service awards at work      thanks
congratulations to my cousin <propfirst> on getting married today 
today is a good day    i get paid and i get to take in a cardinals game in the peabody box! woot!
manhattan       i'm back     
had an awesome weekend in manhattan      sad to be back home    i miss it already 
"\all girls should have an affair with a french guy     i highly highly recommend it   it's a great way to learn the language and its a great way to get banged \"" - <propfirst> cutrone        i love her"""
going to see wicked at the fox!!!
do da do i am bored   guess that means its time to sleep
high ho high ho it's off to work i go    
going underground at gateway mine today and getting an awesome paycheck
so i am doing nothing on a friday night    this is lame
manhattan look out i am coming back in less than a month     btw i miss you!!!!
totally hot tubbing it with drinks! love friday nights!
do da do     i want ice cream
feels really lonely    time to curl up in bed and sleep   
oddly hungry right now     hmm
why has food been the only thing on my mind recently?
really not happy that the architecture department decided that because of the professors schedules not matching up we have to wait another 2 weeks to find out our studio preferences
it's friday!!! now i just have to get through introducing the ceo of our company at lunch today    no big
successfully introduced the ceo of our company   things went well i think   onto finishing my friday afternoon
stop flicking belly button water on me
listening to italian music that i listened to when in orvieto   i miss italy
so tired from work     blah
totally awesome something corporate concert tonight! best concert ever   
great end to the day! love it!
really wanting to go back to school now!  this is going to be an amazing year!
time to kick my own butt and get healthy by working out and eatting better    
manhattan i hope your ready    cause i will be back tomorrow!!
manhattan     i am offically back!  let me know if you want to do something!
yay i have a temporary fix to my ac problem     ah cool air
so tired     atleast i have no more late night classes the rest of this week
"no means yes like a 1,000 times   "
so excited for my trip planing on going back to italy! planning a short stop in london!  laugh 
ah the ville     how i have missed you!
ah school how i procrastinate on thee
and today was a day just like any other
should go running    hmm what to do    
going for a run need to relax
man i feel much better
totally just ate it in front of my apartment    i am going to blame the lack of sleep
listening to the wicked soundtrack again    i think i may be addicted to it      
keeping everyone who died in the 9 11 attack 9 years ago in my thoughts
go ksu! way to beat mo state 
i have 207 tests to grade by friday on top of everything else    crap
is it bad that i said i needed a drink at 9 am this morning?
can't wait to go to london here in a month    then off to italy again!
the freshman are driving me up a wall   
go state!!! 4 and 0 baby!
making apple pie from scracth    yum
calling it an early night    maybe monday will bring motivation and getting stuff done 
cue the mental breakdown in 5     4     3         
in one week i will be getting ready to head to london and then off to italy again!
let's go k-state! emaw!!!!
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now      "
waiting for my plane to go to chicago and then to london!
london was amazing    then alitalia lost my bags when i arrived in rome   bags are being shipped to orvieto in the next few days    yay for living off of like 2 shirts compared to my 9 others that i picked out to be fashionable here in italy  thanks to <propfemale> croce for helping me out!
sitting in o'hare waiting for my flight to kc    i just want to be back in manhattan
back in manhattan    exhausted after traveling   back to class tomorrow   
i am sure my motivation is gonna come any second now    *crickets chirping*
"close your eyes, \and i will be swimming\lullaby's fill your room, \and i will be singing\singing to only you"
do you ever have one of those days when everything seems wrong? this is one of those days   
let's go k-state! beat texas again!
watching the k-state vs mizzou game makes me miss all the time i spent in columbia with my bestie <propfirst> <propmale>
quite evening in manhattan    looking forward to being back in stl in 1 week!
the school week comes too soon   weekends need to last longer
"today is a good day   crit went well and just got a $1,000 check   heck yes!"
glad that as of tomorrow the week is half over and i get to go home on friday!  much needed time in stl on the way!
in spirit of the season i wanted to say that today i am thankful for ke$ha    no matter what mood i am she always makes it better 
st  <propfirst> bound in t-minus 1 5 hours   
so glad to be home     i have missed you dearly west county!
back to manhattan tomorrow    its bitter sweet   good to get the semester over but bad cause i don't really want to leave
manhattan     i am back    get ready for an awesome end to the semester!
reallly wish i had a monitor i could hook up to my computer so i can watch movies and work at the same time    
"hot and dangerous   \if you’re one of us, then roll with us‘\cause we make the hipsters fall in love\and we’ve got hot-pants on enough\and yes of course because we’re running this town just like a club\and no, you don’t wanna mess with us"
mmmm    potato soup   love it!
i really want to get a puppy    
surprisingly had fun working on cad drawings this afternoon   
really want to go to new york for the bowl game    plus it would be my first trip to new york 
migrane     blah
almost done with the semester only a few things to finish up    i really want to do something    
mmm homemade french onion soup for dinner tonight    1 week left before christmas break
congratulations to all of my friends who graduated today!
great night out with <propfirst> lanae parrish and <propfemale> <propfemale> long  can't wait  to do it again!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well   "
and let the endless grading of the final exam for hde 1 begin     
so glad to be back home for a month   
successfully made my first batches of chocolate and peanut butter fudge    damn i am good!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope everyone enjoys a great day with friends and family 
omg    demi lovato    i lurveeee it!
just got the best news ever    i love you 2011!
really wish things could be as simple and happy as they are in books
hopefully the snow doesn't f up my plans to get back to school    
manhattan     i am back for my last semester! woot! woot!
totally just dominated twilight scene it  bam!
last free night before the semester begins on tuesday       sad 
long last first day     
ugh more snow    really wanting that new car right about now
i need to go to the rec    but the snow is ruining my plans     curse you
everything else in northeast kansas is closed    but no k-state has to have classes
go bears!
another weekend in the books    time to prepare for another week of classes
off to bed    ready for friday and my birthday weekend
wooot!!! good night   need more nights like it
"in honor of my birthday, kansas state university has cancelled classes      your welcome "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes    here is to another great year ahead of me!
so i feel like a <propmale> dumb ass today   
now its time for bed    my 8 surprise 5 class will come too soon    
i miss italy     a year ago i was living there and now i am stuck in the us and getting ready to graduate
mmm   just made gooey butter cookies for tomorrow's party  yum!
going to kc in a week to visit the awesome <propfemale> rogers!
so far i am not feeling very productive today  sad 
"i'll be glad when it is next week sometime that way this horrid week of themed shows, songs, commercials and people's over all displays go back to normal "
another day closes and more work piles on    after saturday i will be glad when this next week is over
exhausted and not in the mood to grade tests but it has to be done
having a great day hanging out with an old friend in kc 
power and light with friends in kc
studio crits saturday    blech
i am hungry and trapped in studio    someone want to bring me food?  smile 
"exhausted from studio work this week   i have spent a total of 15 hours at my apartment this week  plans for the rest of the day finish crits, sleep, and party tonight "
listening to my back in the day playlist    it brings me much happiness
watching hsm2    wow   
got my laser cut files ready for my 1:100 model so i can cut them tomorrow   now lets try and tackle some portfolio stuff
blah    headaches   projects    portfolios   
