1c3cdc5f182d452e85142b680aa4c417
the entourage is now complete!
it's my birthday & i'll do what i want to! going to eat with my girl <propfemale>! then out to the bar later to celebrate with the rest of the september babies!!
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes! and a great birthday last night!!! laugh 
i miss my family     sad 
yep it's the middle of october and it's snowing! typical <propmale> weather!
apparently my family just kicks ass    bottom line! laugh 
i am a proud auntie again! <propfemale> <propfemale> trump-9 lbs  12 oz  22 inches-what a big girl! wish i could be there to hold the angel and give my beautiful sissy a hug! i love my family!
my family has such beautiful children!!! i love my family!
rest in peace grampa <propmale>    
finals week    studying    then home for 2 1 2 weeks!!!
home for christmas break! ah i love christmas time!!
i really really hate people who think they are better than everyone else  people like that need to take a look in the mirror and re-think the way they interact with people!!
"so    i just talk to <propfemale> on the phone and she tells me her boyfriends <propfirst> smith and <propfirst> the \guy\"" (they are from pocahontas as she points out to me) are cracking her up! i gotta love my family!!  laugh """
i love my family! and miss them! i wanna be home!
i really just wanna be home right now
i feel like i'm gonna fall asleep at work right now   
so ready for it to be 11 smile 0 so i can get off work!
today just sucked    can't wait to go home friday!
it better stop snowing so i can go home tomorrow! and actually be able to relax!!!!
home!! smile 
it's almost the weekend! i will be home for easter! one of my favorite holidays!! can't wait! i love my family!!  laugh 
is it bad that i missed mansfield??
"going to see the easter <propfemale> with my sissica, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>! <propfemale> is super excited!  smile "
happy easter everyone! i am so thankful for everything i have!!!  laugh 
working out hardcore today! then volleyball tonight! it's so beautiful out! i can't help but be happy!!!  laugh 
i really do not like tuesdays     
? it's gonna be a good weekend! ?
great weekend!? now i gotta get some work done   
trying to study for spanish with a migraine    not fun at all   
one final down    two to go! then i'm done!!  smile 
all done! graduating on sunday! woohoo!!  and i'd like to thank my loving and supportive family and my wonderful boyfriend! ? i love you guys so much and i couldn't have done it without you!! ?
i'm officially a graduate! and i start in the real world tomorrow morning at 8
so   a couple days of working in the real world    i'm liking it so far smile  let's see how it is with two jobs    that will start next week!
for the next week    75 hours of work    yea it's gonna be a long week! but i'm sure i'm gonna love it!  smile 
wow it's exhausting working more than 80 hours a week every week    but i love my days off! time to spend with my family and aj!  smile 
ugghhhh    working 90 plus hours a week is really tiring    but i do enjoy my jobs  smile 
off to ocean city for a couple days for a family vacation! and it's well needed!  smile 
i'm pretty much never on here  i'm always working  better way to get ahold of me is to call or text  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! and yes it was a great birthday! love you all!
i love my family and i'm so lucky to have all of them in my life!  smile 
"you and i wake up in a jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your statusso i can comment on yours  play along "
