6fd28b4365bc16ee4094947edb8bb586
ahh its good 2 be back on this side of the mason-dixon line
ahh summers here    whoop <propfirst> doo
asta la vista   baby
dude does anyone besides me think the new transformers wase completly awesome!!
"cuz im tnt, im dynamite   oy"
todays ball game   victory! love it
saw the blue angels fly today they rocked!!
moms makin apple pie!!!
i'm sooo sick of rain 
ive had the worst luck today   
needs 2 get a gym membership 
just got done hittin the bike trails
is finally ready for college 
thanks everyone  i actually didnt go on vacation  had to stay home and go to classes
is at school with a headache  so far today has totally sucked 
is supposed to be writing a paper on the slave trade in new york city 
is sick of writing papers 
i hate it when only one <propmale> of ur ear phones works  its really annoying
is hungry 
just furiously typed a 1200 word paper in 1 1 2 hours 
mafia wars is strangly addicting 
i can finally shower in my own house!!
ny yankees   ggrrrrrr 
"status   umm   nope, got nothin"
aahhhhhh!!! this is homework driving me crazy
"subway today  i'm thinkin footlong ovenroasted chicken, toasted, with bacon and chipotle sauce  smile "
has a cold
is frustrated with both his teams 
snow?? seriously?
is feelin kinda sorry for the titans 
i swear if i hear one more thing about <propfemale> goodall or chimpanzees after this week is over i'm gonna go crazy
wnats to het schoolover with so i can go home and eat pie
rule #32 enjoy the little things
oh great now i gotta read a book on buddism    ******* college writing
anyone willing to make bets on the world series yet?
could use some icy hot on my shoulders
enjoy it while it lasts yankees ur goin down next season 
needs a break 
is having venison for dinner
talked about suicide in class today   real positive subject matter  laugh 
colts r goin down tonight
belichek u should have punted
"cant wait for thanksgiving break, and an xbox!"
"sooo many papers, make it stop sad "
aarrggg what the heck    new england looked like a highschool team last night! <propmale>!?? 2 picks!?? cmon
2 papers down 1 to go 
boo ya! after completing his one week power play of furiously writing papers i am 1 week away from the end of semester with nothing but a couple tests in my way
as always im gonna wait till the last second to get everyones presents
ski season is rapidly closing in  if anyone wants me ill be on the slopes all winter 
almost clinched a 70 yd touchdown pass in madden
its about time it started sowing
big final today just wanna get it over with
slopes are finally open! u know where i will b saturday
could use free gas for a year
finally got my grdes back and as it turns out i finished with a 4 0 avg!
skied a black <propfemale> today
ate way too many cookies
i'll bet that in hell your forced to do squats and deadlifts everyday 
skiing was awesome saturday  almost 2 ft of fresh powder!
everyones gotta watch the e trade videos i posted on my profile  hilarious
for some reason mid terms always seem worse than finals 
is po'd
nice day   that i'll be wasting sitting in a classroom all day
u finally get a breath and then find out u have 2 write another paper < playful 
"ok so a guy kills his ex-wife and 2 small kids(the rest is rated r) and then stabs himself, pulls out both his eyeballs in the name of god    legally a paranoid scizophrenic??? uh ya i think so    apparently not in the state of tx though"
its way 2 warm
!estoy contento porque no hay clase de matematicas hoy!
just saw a couple peregrine falcons in binghamton
is sooo tired   darn you <propmale> <propmale>!!
boo-ya!!
is pumped cuz they're makin a new predator movie!!
got his first ticket and is pleading not guilty
who wants to go c repomen this weekend?
3 days till spring break
is on the home stretch of the spring semester 
is watching rambo
is supposed to b writing a bio paper
watched the hurt locker   good movie
well   you gonna pull them pistols or whistle dixi?
old people shouldnt drive   anybody who spends any amount of time on the road should know why
right b4 the big bird i d  exam i'm suddenly the best friend of everyone in lab   interesting
iron man 2 rocked
last spanish class of the semester   ffrrreeeddooommmm!!
<propfemale> needs her own tv so she can watch her retarded movies some where else and so i can play my xbox
3 killer finals one right after the other   im gonna need lots of caffine
knocked out all his finals like <propmale> on crack
cant get enough hd tv
bear grylls is coming out w' a new show   im pumped
"\nobody makes me bleed my own blood\"""""
drank 320 miligrams of caffine   energy drinks   
broke his finger 
surfin the web from my new laptop
hates traffic court
2 many grad partys+ football frisbee volleyball = sore & tired
anybody remember the miracle on ice? fifa 2010 usa v algeria = miracle on grass!
just had a nice juicy medium rare ribeye
"spartans, prepare for <propfemale>!!!"
"ugh   school, nothing else 2 say"
i swear professors know when ur going on vacation and give u as much homework as possible b4 then
"so i got some cards from texas and arizona wishing me happy b-day    i have no clue who these people are, how they would know me, or how they got my address    one other card is in a language ive never even seen b4  ???"
"\i consider myself as a one man wolfpack   \"""""
woot! a+ on my first paper for the semester  good start
"this weekends gonna b crazy, i can feel it "
posting a quote you actually come up with is one thing   but posting lyrics from songs   slighty retarded  but hey dont mind me thats just my opinion  smile 
bear grylls is the man
cant remember my license plate # and my car is all the way across campus
i would rather spend a whole weekend camping in bear infested woods than spend a day walking through new york city  oh hey wait thats what im doing this weekend!
got a job finally
<propfemale> johanson is so talented     laugh 
on facebook in math lab  kids thats on the list of things not to do if you want an a
got a 90 on a test i thought i failed!!
puttin in 8 hours on black fri  whoopdefreakindoo
home stretch for this semester  its gonna be rough
when this semester over its very possible that myself and all my camping gear will disappear for few days
celtic rock rocks
rip-off  every school in the county closes today except bcc 
"little angel on shoulder-\must finish papers and study for finals!\"" little devil on other shoulder-\"" gears of war campaign must be finished!\"" gaahh"""
