d5a44f7a718b80bbad3b72702788b233
it was amazingly exhilirating to play tag and be chased around by my big nine year old son  made me feel like a kid again 
"now that my kid is actually beating me at video games, i feel so old ;-("
canada here we come      wink 
having four kids is simply impossible   back in <propfemale> cali on august 2nd
is back home after an unprecedented three week visit with lil sis  miss you already ya tuta 
happy eid friends and family    
anybody out there interested in going to see surrogates with <propmale> <propmale>?
"ok, then how about couples retreat (the movie)?"
is wondering why she volunteered to organize parties for a classroom full of eight year olds    
halloween party success!!!
<propfemale> loose
is grateful for all the amazing friends in her life    
"how am i  supposed to get christmas shopping done, attend various christmas parties, decorate the house for christmas, run a household, not neglect my nine year old with a toddler sitting on my head????"
thank you girlfriends for your moral support!! i survived this week without totally losing my mind  good luck one and all!
"who knew you could find an awesome museum botanical gardens in redding, california!"
blush
"i am grateful for all the people in my life, where i am in my life, and available to more good than i have ever e playful erienced, realized, or imagined before in my life "
happy 2nd birthday <propfirst> <propfirst> my baby who is not a baby anymore!!
happy year of the tiger everyone!!
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  forget about the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promi   sed it would be worth it "
i love red wine   
life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful 
black eyedpeas and ludacris!!!!!!!
thank you to all my beautiful friends for the love   
"lots of sushi, lots of sake, chocolate covered strawberries, my favorite perfume, hand painted vase, and my favorite boys    perfect mother's day    i am very grateful"
gratitude
i love san <propfirst> especially with great company  smile 
is grateful for gorgeous weather 
is grateful for wonderful friends who take the time and make the effort to say kind and sweet things about me!
loves gnocchi
"my baby's first day at pre-school   first-born at all day camp, i just might cry "
a true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked  - <propmale> meltzer
vamos mexico!!!!!
instruction does not prevent wasted time or mistakes; and mistakes themselves are often the best teachers of all  -<propfirst> <propfirst> froude
happy canada day!!
"as i was trying to discipline him, <propfirst> rolled his eyes, folded his arms across his chest, and turned his back on me!!!"
is in love with
in love with maui!!!
wants to give a big shoutout to emandboys for taking care of <propmale>  you guys rock!!!
is completely relaxed   
"finally, california does a little something right   "
i love <propfirst> rudd!!
advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't  --<propfemale> <propfemale>
feeling blessed to be alive and feeling so loved by so many amazing people  thank you from the bottom of my heart 
"so <propfirst> lost a tooth and says, \i hope the tooth <propfemale> is drunk when she makes the drop-off so she leaves a few hundred dollars instead of a couple of bucks\"""""
i love vodka
"after two days looking for the lost retainer at the bus, school, piano class, gym etc  it turns up hiding under a pillow on the couch!!!"
peace
is it lame for a 32yr old woman to dress up as a butterfly for an adult halloween party?
happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!
"thankful for amazing friends, happy thanksgiving everyone!!"
"love, love, love, love"
