8809d5d219dc826caf892c6e5da4e4f7
happpyy neeeeew yeeeeearrr!!!!
"has deleted any1 i don't really know as i'm \starting over\"" life in general   i may also have found my dad and half brothers and a sis!!!!!!!!!! i'm also in love and pregnant with a baby boy love """
"hasn't been on since i signed up for it a year ago, but realizing that most all family is here   i'm back now for sure   i hope you see this <propfirst>!"
happy mother's day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and isn't it? xoxoxoxox to all mommies  love 
"pressure coming down on me, under pressure   and that is how <propfemale>s are made kids! shine on u crazy <propfemale>!"
pics comin up soon as i'm ready to organize them    love 
"intense!!! you would not believe how all my pain fear and confusion has dissipated! and in time you will see that it is true! i keep crying but today it is because i am so happy and grateful!!! i love you family, and damn <propmale>, you are some amazing man!!! i love you god!!! thank you!!!!!"
"part2)these habits are: the work habit, the health habit, and the study habit  if you are a man and have these habits, and also have the love of a woman who has these same habits, you are in paradise now and here, and so is she \ -<propmale> hubbard"""
"out with the shame! i'm not blaming myself anymore, i accept all that i have been through and put myself through accepting myself as i am today and who i've become  i forgive myself  i'm moving on to become all those positive things i'd always hoped were possible   "
"just found out one of my best friends miscarried, please pray for her<)"
"tryin' to figure out how to make my posts appear where every1's are not just on my profile, i went into privacy settings, so hopefully that worked "
"i like too much music to puts it all , take too long! in time, i guess  love "
"i'm off today! yay!! just woke up 2pm, playin' music for baby boy in my belly, he dances every time!!! what an amazing feeling! &my boyfriend comin' home 5-7pm so gotta get pretty  love  and we goin' to get a delicious healthy publix sub and off to the beach to check out the new <propfemale> gathering, so in love with life these days!"
"me and baby boy are having acorn squash and baked sweet potato fries for lunch, yummers!  love "
"so what the heck is this poke business all about? i'm not sure i wanna be poked? so i'm def not sure i wanna \poke\"" back  annoyed  my boyfriend pokes me and i will bite him  i"""
"just talked 2my daughter on the phone! i need to find things to help her feel good, cuz <propfemale> i asked what gets her really excited like birthday or christmas or favorite book or movie or anything she was havin' trouble thinkin' of stuff  this long distance relationship is sooo hard! wish i could be there to take her to dance class or play in her dress-up box,"
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé, or \boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything \for you, then repost this as your status to give the honest good men\out therethe recognition that they deserve  because great men are \few and far between, and i have one of them ?"
"is so relieved i don't need to get any teeth pulled! just filled! i been waitin to hear that for 6 years! also, i'm gaining plenty of pregnancy weight when i was worried i wasn't gaining enough  such good news today!!!"
"fighting to stay awake til i'm outta work around midnight, damn appointments makin' it so we not gettin' enough sleep! got another tommorow, and the next day and scattered throughout the next few weeks    sooo sleepy and need sunshine & excercise  hurtin' boyyy "
"was only lettin' blood relatives & bff's up in here since i been back & catchin' up (bout a month now), but now lettin' people in i used to go to school wit & ex-co-wrokers, so what it is?"
gettin' dissed? i hate when people can't say it to your face(book in this case) or answer the phone to let you know  i deserve way better  their loss!
"just woke up from trying to nap, couldn't get to deep sleep though  i dub the rest of the day \chill day\"" after what has just been \""hell week\"""""
"since i couldn't sleep the day away like i planned too not being able to sleep, i did most everything that needed to be done around the house, u kno, dishes, laundry,mop sweep, all that good good, now the house smells great and i got a 2mile walk in today home from my prenantal appt, shower time now boooyy! i feel a world better, now if i could just make up with him ?"
thinks it's really lame you can't order food 11pm-? anywhere  me & my bf both work 'til 11 smile 0 and that is our dinner time  i really want chinese food 
biggest peeve: judging judgement 
"just saw district 9, avatar, and we bought the fountain and watched last night and we bought the secratery is for tonight  love  i def reccommend the 3 we saw "
"don't you look at me so smug\and say i'm goin bad \who are you to judge me\and the life that i live?\i know that i'm not perfect\and that i don't claim to be \so before you point your fingers,\be sure your hands are clean \judge not\before you judge yourself \judge not\if you're not ready for judgement  \the road of life is rocky\and you may stumble too \so while you talk about me,\some1 else is judging you "
"must be taken in small doses  wink  i can be a social dits, but the love is there  love "
"\it is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society \"" -<propmale> hemingway"""
"needs idea's for my daughter's birthday june 12th!!! i gotta send something to oregon from florida or wherever will send it to oregon and want it to be super special!!! she going to be 9 years old, help!!! i got about $150 to spend on somethin', lots of things or a big thing or both? idk  she loves animals, aquamarine&hotpink, the book the magic treehouse"
"havin' a mood swing of anger, not just pregnancy related and trying to not become too despondent, like my horoscope suggests  how did it know?"
my replacement phone just arrived!! yayyy!!
"not getting enough sleep makes me tooo emotional 7 kickin' my pregnant ass  5&1 2 more hours to go at work, yawn!! it's like workn 2 jobs these every other day morning appt's & workn' 'til midnight  it hurttss  get to play catch up tommorow though & sleep in until work  smile "
"name comment (a) special talent(s) you have! i love to spell and be my bf's spell-check  smile  lol! i love to dig for the truth, then turn it into love, your turn!"
"can't find mah phone charger  looked all over and hit that point where i realize to stop looking, and it will turn up someplace likely right in front of my face "
working on my birth plan  hooo boy 
"is cut-off of fb for several hours, oh no! i actually gotta go live my liiife  lol! gotta get & the shower & get pretty for <propmale>, then cook a healthy dinner, & we goin' tooo the movies (shrek forever after 3d)  cuz i needs to get the h*ck outta the house already  then, our first day off 2gether in, like, forever!! woot woot!!!"
"shrek 3d was awesome!!!! was alot of fun! now our 1st day off 2gether in 4ever! going out for a crawfish lunch after havin' just chilled @his grandparents house (finally saw some baby pics, whatta cutie!! wink , then? walk on the beach?  laugh   smile  love him (them)sosososo much!!!"
"keeping busy with honest and loving priorities and actually getting somewhere?  laugh  i can run circles around my demons now, they just can't keep up  who's laughin' now, b*tches?"
"another one of those days i worked until midnight, couldn't get to sleep, woke up for an early appt 830am, workin until midnight tonight and it's a very busy day, my eyes burn, i'm cranky, and can barely think   haven't even had lunch yet  oh, they just called me for lunch  wish i could nap, but i'd crash to hard and not get up  only a little over 3 hours to go   owieeeeeee   "
"probably shouldn't facebook on no sleep, but how else am i gonna stay awake as long as i have too?"
"my job really needs people 4 xtra hours, but i'm <propfemale> exhausted!! *so conflicted* i'm sorry, but the old me would have taken a shot or popped a valum and sucked it up, but i don't have that option pregnant, rest is my only release & much needed! working full-time until midnight and all these damn early morning appts like a 2nd job"
"silence is golden \duct tape is silver  \ballgags come in a variety of coordinating colors   playful "
just got back from my first ever trip to the flea market with my bf's fam  i've always wanted to go and i'm so glad we did!! loved it! and so happy with what we got! now work til 11 smile 0  playful 
"happy father's day to the man who did his best to raise me, and to the biological father who made me, and to the father of my little girl, but most of all, to god, and the amazing man he sent to me and did and does everything they couldn't and who is also my best friend, my lover, and father to our baby boy inside my tummy  you are already such a great daddy to our son! i love you, <propmale>!!!"
"i'm 7 months prego! 12 more weeks (about 84 days) to go, archimedes! i can't wait to see that precious little face! i can't wait to be your mommy and take good care of you! >impatient<"
"loves watchin' wife swap ! having his love makes me so happy, and it's so much easier to be happy about the little things    easily amused & content  love "
   withdrawn   
"doesn't have anything nice to say  so,   "
"1 cup frozen berries, 1 & 1 4 cup silk vanilla soymilk, 6-8 oz plain all-natural yogurt, blend & enjoy! k, let's see how it tastes   "
"just got netflix & i must say, it's pretty kickass!!"
"changing my name soon, do you think i'm being paranoid not wanting my real name on here anymore? i had it up there so a certain someone could find me if they were looking, well, i found them and it didn't really matter, so   "
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started  you don't have to get it right, you just have to get it going! and, boy are me and my man doing a great job of keepin' it movin' and shakin'  playful  love you, <propmale>!!!!"
"woooow  i am loving my new 2nd job!!! so far, it's waaay better than my first, and i liked my first, but this? i think i am in loove "
sexy sex or boring death  playful 
"he get all bent outta shape <propfemale> boys flirt wit me((lotsa dudes dig preggo chicks, believe it or not  playful ) & i don't flirt <propfemale> i gotta man) then goes & flirts wit other girls  i'm not mad he flirt, i'm mad he makes a big deal when they throw me compliments <propfemale> he does the same  grrr!! men!! and yes, this absolutely does make me feel better  playful "
"   just doesn't have the energy to move 4ward until that very important piece of mail arrives   too bummed  i should move 4ward anyway, but the disheartenment is 2 draining   please be there tommorow   i'm <propfemale> exhausted  running on empty   "
"  is having contractions non-stop today, but not close enough together to go to the hospital  i think this is what they call false labor   they're uncomfortable enough i can't do much but wait & see   my backkk  sad  i had to quit my 2nd job today because i can't work through one   thought it might've been time, but prolly need to just take it easy until?   "
anybody know of a great place for sushi here in clearwater or nearby city?
"lots of birthday's today!! wow! wish baby boy could come today, but now we need him to wait until tuesday afternoon at least  smile "
baby archimades was born 7-13-10 7:51 am 9lb3oz 19and 1 2in tall
"i'll be putting up pictures soon, they're on several camera's all over the place   i'm enjoying our son too much to take the time to do it yet though  soon!"
"has a panic attack before i go to work  everytime  y? i like my job, so wtf?! does anyone else here get panic attacks? it's why i don't drive too among other things "
"i haven't been here for a looong time, sorry! soooo busy!!! hopefully i'll get settled into my new life more and be able to make time for this every so often again  i miss it!\so, sorry if i haven't messaged you back, ask for my number if you reeeally miss me  playful  much easier to speaker phone with baby boy  love "
i got engaged for christmas!!!!!! pics of the ring comin' soon!  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!! was the best christmas i ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i gotta pick a name for my etsy store, but can't think a nuffin'  hmph  once you pick a name on there, it yours for life  pressure  hmm   "
"'bout to watch the lifetime movie premier \the craigslist killer\"" anybody else?"""
"yooo gabba gabba! yoo gabba gabba! yo gabba gabba gabba! gooooo!!!  playful  it's a breakfast party in my tummy, go bacon go bacon!"
gonna make an appt  with p-tech to see if i get to go back to school  wish me luck!
"it has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy   but you will always love them   re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends"
>frustrated< i was hoping ptech had a daycare center on-campus & from what i've researched it looks like they don't  or anyschools for that matter  sad 
"ugh! i can't wait til tue  when we go check out school for me! i'm really lonely and isolated  i love having a baby, but i need to get in school so i can make some friends and get a life! i'm done hibernating  go away winter  go away  i really miss making my own money too  my home-business is taking too long to take off  still don't drive  that don't help  gotta get <propmale> to teach me to drive! over this! over it!!!"
four loko
"how do you request friendship of people you don't know but want to on here??? i see people doin' all the time on here   ths person is now friends with this person this person and this person, but i know they don't know that person  grrr "
philanthropy  thas wassup 
"weellll, at least i'm back in g e d  classes >again< just have to do my math, then i'm back to school 10 years later  playful  i really wanna go for apparel design, but i might be stcuk with interior design or culinary arts since those choices are within walking distance which eliminates the need for child-care  smile "
"~?~be very careful when you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a mans rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, and next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree! ! ! !~?~ "
