b04e8d33d065f6be9daf425a1e948a45
we finally made it onto the web  yeehaw
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy "
sometimes there is just not enough coffee in the world!
i love being me   im pretty sure cas likes being her   life is good   i want some <propfemale>   <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>
i am sooooooo sick of being cold!!!!!!
we had our routine doctor's visit yesterday and everything is still going good!  baby's heartbeat and kicks are strong (he kicked hard while our doctor was listening to his heart)   25 weeks along and going strong!
it is freaking cold out   if  i didnt know better id think we were living in minnesota  wait a second  i       im not sure     where am i           i think i need some sleep 
<propmale> is currently becoming whiskey drunk and bullet proof         but my time is coming!!!
it's finally friday!!!!  what a long ass week!
"today i woke up feeling great   the baby's kicking like crazy, my step daughters running around like maniacs, and my wonderful husband should be home from work in a bit   yep   today is a great day! (cas)"
12 hour shifts are really lame and stuff  like i totally dont like them
ever feel like you're surrounded by idiots?!?  (cas)
i want taco johns! (cas)
missed my bus into work this morning and had to drive!  guess no naps for me    grrrrrr! (cas)
lookin forward to spending some time w my hubby this weekend  12-hour shifts suck!  he's been at work more than at home this week  sad   (cas)
i am so sick of winter!!  total cabin fever at the matthies' houshold!!! (cas)
it's <propmale>'s birthday!!!  happy birthday <propfemale>!  i love you (cas)
gettin crunk and nasty in the valley yall   its 26 an' countin'   fo sho
28 weeks today! finally in the third trimester and in the home stretch   yay  smile   (cas)
"ever notice that when you have stuff going on over the weekend, it doesn't even feel like you get a weekend       you run around all weekend and then back to work on monday   where's the relaxation in that?!?  i think for the next few weekends after this, we are just going to stay home and be lazy!!! (cas)"
aww yeah brothers and sisters  the whole matthies family is going out tonight   gonna tear <propfirst> <propfemale> to pieces   hope to see everyone out tonight   love you all 
sooooooooooo sleepy         (cas)
"people talking but they just dont know, whats in my heart and why i love you so, i love you baby like a miner loves gold, c'mon sugar let the good times roll                             \jimi hendrix\"""""
prenatal class tonight and all day tomorrow   are they worth the time and money?? (cas)
completed our prenatal class   i'm actually very happy we went   it was a bit long to sit through but it was also very informative and interesting!  (cas)
i seemed to have misplaced my motivation today    let me know if you find it! (cas)
"oh yeah, got our tickets for project earth   im excited"
e playful ecting mothers families everywhere!  i think we may be in the midst of the next baby boom!!  wink   congrats to all who are e playful ecting a little one  smile  (cas)
grrrrrr      need more sleep!  guess i should get used to running on little to no sleep tho! (cas)
after working 12 hour shifts all week and then 7 on saturday i think im ready to quit my job and start up that commune i have been dreaming of   no work all play   thats my motto   whos in? p s  dont tell cas
32 weeks today!  (cas)
happy st  <propfemale>'s day to all!  drink a couple for me  wink   (cas)
finally got the bedroom and back porch gutted and some of the new outlets and wiring is done!!  our house is a complete mess but will be worth it in the end! (cas)
found out last night that we have to completely tear down the back porch and rebuild  sad   a little disappointing and more e playful ensive but better safe than sorry i guess   (cas)
"since starting our remodeling, the power steering in <propmale>'s car has gone out and our male cat has gotten another uti   damn perfect timing! (cas)"
"today is poets day!       (piss on everyone tomorrow's saturday) hahahaha, i love it  wink  (cas)"
"feeling a bit overwhelmed   34 wks along, house is a mess, credit line balance going up fast, and not sleeping well   trying to keep the end result in mind but can't shake the feeling of being in over my head        (cas)"
finally got some decent sleep last night   really helps with the windows open!  love the fresh air!! (cas)
had to bring in our male cat to be put down this morning   he wasn't getting any better and we couldn't stand to see him suffer anymore   i'm a total mess      so hard to lose an animal   especially when they are thought of and treated like your own children   rest in peace baby boy       we miss you so much already it hurts    (cas)
this is becoming one of the longest days of my life       i hate when time passes this slowly! (cas)
"so glad it's friday   been a very long week!  i find that the closer i am to delivery, the less focused i've become   can't seem to concentrate on anything at work       (cas)"
i seem to have put on my crabby pants again today      sad   (cas)
"all went well at our doctor's appointment yesterday   baby's in the correct position, head is down and fluid levels are good   now we wait        even though i'm completely miserable, i'm trying very hard to be patient these last few weeks      key word \trying \"" (cas)"""
white iron band tonight!!!!!  can't wait!!! (cas)
"2 yrs ago today, i married the love of my life   <propmale>, you are such a wonderful husband and father   i am so happy that you are in my life   we've made it through all the good and bad so far, and i know that our love is stronger for it   you drive me absolutely nuts sometimes   well, most of the time  wink   but i can't picture a life without you   i love you with all my heart <propfemale>   happy anniversary, kisses! (cas)"
"37 wks!!  o man am i ready to not be pregnant anymore   just look at that belly (below)!  haha, definately a lot to <propfemale> around  wink  (cas)"
too tired to concentrate at work    makes for a long day   (cas)
so sick of stupid people!!!!!! (cas)
dilation has started!!  now hopefully it will keep progressing and not just sit there       (cas)
man i'm really not liking my job right now    and that's so not normal for me  i just don't want to be here at all   quite the negative attitude i have       (cas)
looks like it's going to be a beautiful day!  wish there were windows in my office     (cas)
had a great time at my baby shower w my co-workers last night!  they went all out and spoiled the hell out of the baby and me  wink   love the girls i work w !!!! (cas)
we're in the final days!!!  everyone cross your fingers and toes so that he comes on time and not late!  (cas)
the last post we posted was like 4 hours before cas went into labor   we are all at home now doing well   i am probably the proudest father in the world   cas is doing really well and i think she will be a good mom  thanks for all the well wishes  pics will be here soon 
"well the wait is finally over!  on may 4, 2010 lynden <propmale> matthies was brought into this world by emergency c-section at 6:22 a m   although he gave us quite a scare, he is a beautiful, healthy baby   he was 6 lbs 14 oz and 19 1 2 in   he looks just like his daddy and i couldn't be happier!!  i never knew you could fall in love with something so fast    it's very emotional!  (cas)"
first day without my hubby at home w me and lynden  sad   it was sooooo good to finally spend time together     but i guess that doesn't pay the bills   (cas)
ok  so lynden seems to have his days and nights mixed up  sad   he sleeps all day and is up and very fussy all night long       gonna try to keep him up more today to see if that helps  (cas)
we had a much better night last night   i actually got to sleep in my own bed and not on the couch!! (cas)
looks like it's going to be a beautiful day   perfect weather for showing lynden off to family and friends  smile   (cas)
poor baby boy has been screaming all day     he finally just passed out on his blanket   hopefully he'll get some good sleep (at least for a couple hours anyway)  (cas)
whew    lynden got some good sleep throughout the night   maybe i'll have a happy baby today  wink  (cas)
day 2 of screaming baby   we have one good day for every 2 bad days   i need ear plugs desperately  wink   (cas)
so cute      lynden and daddy are sleepin in the recliner   love it!  (cas)
having an off day today        wish i could shake it  (cas)
i love my little boy but mama desparately needs more sleep     ! (cas)
we had a very fussy night   lynden can't decide if he likes his swing or not   he seems to take a while to get use to things   silly picky little boy      (cas)
got a full night of sleep!  <propmale> gave me the night off and got up for every feeding   love my husband!! (cas)
i really want to buy some new clothes but am frustrated with how things are fitting me (or not fitting me) right now   not used to having the left over baby weight    hope it goes away soon  (cas)
harvest fest o harvest fest   how you drain my wallet yet raise my spirits   are we going?  let me drink on it   and again and again 
i absolutely hate dealing with insurance companies!!  i swear they don't make any sense and give you the run around    soooooooo aggravating!  (cas)
so lynden will only sleep w me or in his swing (depending on his mood)   i cannot get him into his bassinet for the life of me    (cas)
i should really pick up the old guitar again and this time stick w it       (cas)
getting my hair done at 3 and then grandma <propfemale> is picking up lynden at 5 for an overnight stay so i can go to my chief residents' graduation party   i'm way excited! (cas)
"2 weeks til project earth   first and possibly only fest of the year   we really gotta make it count, not that i have ever been let down   rain or shine we drink all the time "
"oh lover, lover, lover you don't treat me no good no more       woke up with that song in my head   lynden and i always dance to it! (cas)"
project earth tomorrow bitches   pre party tonight but the matthies clan sadly will not be in  attendance  at least not the spring valley branch of the ever e playful anding tree   hope its a good time  <propmale> <propmale> matthies will however be tearing a new path through the park tomorrow   git down or git gone   g-yah
well we survived the weekend   kinda scary being out in a tent with tornado weather all around   good thing we were all way to drunk        all things considered   it was a damn good time at project earth! (cas)
"\you leave home and you move on and you do the best you can; i got lost in this 'ol world and forgot who i am     if i could just come in i swear i'll leave; won't take nothin but a memory from the house that built me\""  great song and so true in many cases     (cas)"""
first day back to work tomorrow   pretty stressed about the whole thing really   mornings will be crazy now with getting lynden ready for the day and getting the girls and him off to daycare   i was already getting up at 5 for work before he was born   wonder how early i'll be getting up now       not to mention he still gets up every 2 to 3 hours a night         (cas)
this morning went smoothly but getting up at 4 a m  is not fun! (cas)
sooooo glad it's friday   i'm completely exhausted and i miss spending time with my baby boy  (cas)
had a great time at my baby shower   thanks bunches to my sister-in-law and mom for hosting it!! it was soooooo good to see some friends i haven't seen in ages   love you all!! (cas)
lynden finally slept through the night!!!  maybe he felt bad cuz he had me up at 2 smile 0 a m  yesterday and wouldn't go back to sleep       way hard to stay awake at work   i was exhausted        (cas)
this day is moving soooo slowly        dreaming of changing into comfy clothes and drinking an ice cold beer   mmmmmmmmm        (cas)
"a good man was lost today    \we bow our heads, and raise our glasses, \on this day lord you can kiss our asses   \taken too young,  no <propmale> for goodbyes, \though the body is down the soul shall arise \\good bye old friend   allways in my heart and many others \p s  penguins always did make me smile "
"my eyes are swollen, my heart is broken, i just can't accept that you're gone   you were always there for me and were the greatest of friends   love you much and may you rest in peace  (cas)"
woke up this morning to be slapped with the realization that it wasn't a bad dream    it's real   my heart aches for you <propmale> g   so many emotions running through me   i can't help but want to be angry that you were taken   such a wonderful person should not have gone like that   this is so unfair    i just can't take it  (cas)
\\n*$*\\nnbk\\n*$*
"oh <propmale> boy, the pipes the pipes are calling \\n*$*\\nnbk\\n*$*"
why do i always feel the need to sugarcoat everything    really need to learn how to just spit the shit out      grrrrrrr  (cas)
o for fucks sakes!!!!!  aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh (cas)
baby dont wanna sleep 
"\i feel like pound sign question <propfirst> <propfemale> exclamation point;  don't give a blank and whole lotta other choice words i can't say; today i feel like pound sign question <propfirst> <propfemale> exclamation point\""  (cas)"""
feeling a bit off today     must be the weather     i hope       (cas)
"trouble, oh trouble set me free   i have seen your face and its too much, too much for me "
beautiful mornin for a walk with the doggie  gonna do some trout fishin with my <propmale>   sounds like a good day 
love the quiet of the morning while drinking my coffee   so peaceful      this will change in about an hour once all the kids wake up!  (cas)
roadhouse is a great 2 a m  movie everyone knows <propfirst> swaze was is and always will be a badass       oh yeah   \\n\\nnobody puts baby in the corner!!!!!
really need things to get back to normal     (cas)
sometimes i just feel like a hole would be  a rather cozy place to be 
\love, love you let me down\b04e laugh 33d065f6be9daf425a1e948a45,job hunting sucks balls   but it is pretty fuckin sweet not rolling around in cheese all day
"baby boy doesn't like to lay down for daddy, mommy has the magic touch       or a towel soaked in ether   smile "
some people are so full of shit! (cas)
"whoa, hold the phone        our son is 3 month's old today!  good lord, where is my head today    ?  3 months wow  such a big boy!  mommy loves you baby! (cas)"
things are starting to look up       hope it stays that way! (cas)
beautiful morning for the big trout to be bitin   gonna catch the big boy today \\ncole\\nis\\ngood
"hmmmmmm, today's gonna be a great fucking day        (cas)"
so i learned how to shock nightcrawlers today   pretty neat seein them all come squirmin up out of the ground 
had a great time at <propfemale>'s bachelorette party on saturday   turns out pole dancing is pretty painful   my entire body is sore and i think my thighs are permanenty bruised   ouch!  (cas)
good god!  and i thought i was anal        (cas)
"so little mr  lynden decided that he wanted to get up three times during the night    ugh it's like he's a month old again   then <propmale>'s car blew a tire and the damn thing is rusted on so he can't even change it   now we have to get it towed to <propfirst>'s auto and fixed   oh yeah, and did i mention were are broke      not a good way to start a friday  (cas)"
"had such a good weekend   finally got to spend some quality time together as a family   i swear we hardly ever see each other anymore     kind of sad when you think about it   but, unfortunately, family time doesn't pay the bills  sad   (cas)"
woke up on the crabby ass side of the bed today boys and girls!  grrrrrrrrrrr  (cas)
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter as long as i'm laughin with you    (cas)
"i have one nerve left and everybody is on it!!!!!!!  what a shitty, shitty week at the office so far! (cas)"
wish i was at home suggling up with my little family     (cas)
"last day of work for the week!  pack our things baby, we're comin \home\""!!!!!  (cas)"""
 sad   baby boy has his first cold   poor thing      (cas)
well lynden and i seem to have caught little miss ryanne's cold   hopefully daddy doesn't get it too      ugh!  (cas)
grrrrr      (cas)
so very happy it is friday  smile   (cas)
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner 4 dark circles, salon cuts 4 ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  lets see how many moms repost this  moms who don't care about what they gave up but love what they got in return  repost this if you're a mom and love your kid(s)! i would give my life up for them!!"
"if cookies could solve problems, today would be my lucky day     (cas)"
"your son will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your heart\for a lifetime  it's national \son's week\"" so if you have a son that\",b04e laugh 33d065f6be9daf425a1e948a45,so glad it's friday   lots to do before lynden's baptism on sunday      (cas)
lynden did so well at the baptism!  i got all teary-eyed when the pastor carried him around the church for everyone to see   so proud of our baby boy!! (cas)
    be your best friend; tell the truth; and overuse i love you; go to work; do your best; and don't outsmart your common sense; never let your prayin knees get lazy; and love like crazy      (cas)
oh lynden   mama loves you with all her heart but could you please start sleeping through the night again       (cas)
soooooo lynden tried peas for the first time last night       and he did not like them!  he had more peas on his bib than he ever had in his mouth   but he did make the most hilarious faces  wink   we'll see how he does tonight     (cas)
i think i scared lynden off when i gave him peas   now he won't even eat any cereal  sad   (cas)
mmmmmmmm      taco <propfemale> is de-freakin-licious!  but i think i ate tooooooo much  sad   (cas)
well squash was a success!  (cas)
thank you friday for finally arriving    now could you please fast forward to 4 o'clock? thanks much      (cas)
i love twix bars!!!!!!  (cas)
"why is it that the \easy way out\"" is always so damn tempting          (cas)"""
"i've carried a baby within my body, i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed owies, been peed on, puked on, lived on three hours of sleep each night and more  my body isn't perfect and smooth, its stretched and a little softer in places than i'd like but when i look in the    mirror   i see a mom and there is   no greater honor   or blessing! make this your status if you're proud to be a mom!! (cas)"
"<propfirst> and ryanne are 8 years old today!!!  happy birthday girls, we love you!! (cas)"
"i have carried a human life inside my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have been puked, peed & pooped on  i've woken up to a hungry baby & stayed up all night with a sick baby, but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror, i see a mommy, and there is no greater honor blessing  make this your status if you are proud to be a mommy?? (cas)"
lots to do today before <propfemale> and jd's wedding tomorrow!  good thing <propmale>'s home to take care of most of it before we have to hit the road   sooooo excited for the festivities tonight and tomorrow   better not forget to pick up my dress before we leave town    !  (cas)
"had a fantastic time at <propfemale> and jd's wedding on saturday!  the wedding was beautiful   <propfirst>, hedi, and kontz      thanks for letting me <propfemale> and pester you until the wee hours of the morning!  sorry to keep you up so late  wink   good to see everyone!! (cas)"
wahoo!  <propmale> and lynden are visiting <propmale>'s dad tonight so i have the house all to myself   and my big plans are            sleep!! (cas)
wish i was at home hangin with my hubby and kiddos           (cas)
sooooo sleeeeeeppyyy    yawn    (cas)
"there are moments in life when you wish you could \bring someone down from heaven and spend the day with them just one \more time  i know i have someone (actually more than one) i would love to do that with     if\you have someone, copy and paste this to your status to remember \all who are not here - gone but never forgotten xxx  (cas)"
"i am seriously lacking motivation today      ugh, it's gonna be a long day  (cas)"
halloween day at daycare today   thanks to <propfemale> for getting lynden his jack-o-lantern outfit    he'll be soooooo cute! (cas)
some people's attitudes disgust me    (cas)
happy 2nd birthday to my beautiful niece <propfemale> <propfemale> amanson!!  we love you! (cas)
happy 6 months to our wonderful baby boy!  mommy and daddy love you lynden  smile   (cas)
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly"
ho-hum        (cas)
lookin forward to a couple delicious birthday beers after work!  what a monday       ! (cas)
thanks for the fabulous birthday wishes guys!!  the beers were wonderful  wink   (cas)
"age3: my mom is the best! age7: mom i love you  age10: mom whatever    age16: omg my mom is so annoying  age18: i wanna leave this house  age25: mom, you were right  age35: i wanna go back to my mom's house  age50: i don't wanna lose my mom  age70: i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me  *post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your mom  mom i love you   (cas)"
"i work 24 hours a day  why? because im a mommy  i am a cook, a cleaner, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid, security, and a comforter  i dont get holidays, sick pay, or a day off  i work through the day and some of the night, i am on call at all hours  i am underpaid and overworked  now tell me your job is harder then mine  repost if you are blessed enough to be a mommy! ?  (cas)"
what a horribly gloomy day    ! (cas)
up down up down     missing someone hurts so bad sometimes     (cas)
thinking i need to go to church  (cas)
curling up on the couch sounds amazing right now     too bad our baby boy doesn't like to suggle yet  sad     he's just too damn busy! (cas)
so freakin hungry    !!  must be wantin to fatten up for the winter  wink   (cas)
"frick, fricken, frickety frick!  aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!  hmmmm   nope   still don't feel better grrr! (cas)"
last day of work then i'll be on a much needed vacation all next week!!!  i think i'll probably sleep   and sleep     and sleep some more! (cas)
jewelery!      i love love l-o-v-e my husband!!!!  thanks for all the wonderful gifts honey   kisses! (cas)
last day of work this week  smile   can't wait to bring in the new year with <propmale> and the kids!!  hoping this year is going to be the best yet!!  happy new year to everyone  (cas)
ha!  some people really suck! (cas)
 smile  things are starting to look up       (cas)
really don't like when lynden's sick   our poor little baby has had a fever for the past 2 days  sad   (cas)
"time is passing way too s-l-o-w-l-y today, ugh! (cas)"
"hungry, hungry, hungry all the freakin time  what the heck is my problem, ugh! (cas)"
"it has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy but you will    always love them  you know who you are   re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends"
soooooo our son moves his body across the floor on his tummy like a side-winder snake and wants nothing to do w crawling     i'm a little worried      (cas)
went and had my eyes dilated             pretty sure my brain fell out  (cas)
"ok, who let the crazies out?!?  (cas)"
oh quit being a noodle!! (cas)
"       how do we stay so long together, when everybody, everybody said we never would, and just when i, i start to think they're right, that love has died, there you go makin my heart beat again         (cas)"
"ok ladies, need some input   lynden is almost 9 months old and still only sleeps for about 5 hrs or so before waking up at night   at this age, should i continue to go to his room or let him \cry it out\""?  (cas)"""
this too shall pass       (cas)
"if your dad is a hard working man and is your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or is just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad!  (cas)"
feeling overdue for some good luck  (cas)
soooooooo sleepy   yawn   (cas)
"mmmmm, why is dove chocolate so freakin delicious?! (cas)"
i give up! (cas)
lynden is 9 months old today!!  we love our big boy! (cas)
"mmmmmmmm, girl scout cookies! (cas)"
this last half hour is taking forever!!! (cas)
"happy birthday to my goofy husband!  hope you have a wonderfuly day babe, love you! (cas)"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
looks like im wearing shorts today  its a freaking heat wave 
tell em all where to go and how to get there! (cas)
ready to go home to my boys  smile    (cas)
"feels like no matter how hard i try, or what i do, things just never go well  big smiles "
"well, i gave lynden his first haircut last night   he cried a little but, overall, did really well!  i'm so proud of our big boy!! (cas)"
"hmmmm, what motivation i had is now gone   of course, this throbbing headache certainly isn't helping     definitely ready for the work day to be over  (cas)"
people needn't be so damn rude  (cas)
feelin bad for stealing my wifes soda out of her lunch bag  bad husband 
thinks a wife is a glorious  gift  love you baby 
"ugh!  <propmale> has been getting sick for the past two days, lynden has thrown up a couple of times, and one of the animals puked on the floor yesterday   can i come stay with someone for a while!?! (cas)"
finally feelin better    ate some food today and managed to keep it down 
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's sons week! if you have a handsome son or sons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"anger he smiles, towering in shiny metallic purple armor  <propfemale> jealousy, envy, waits behind him  her fiery green gown sneers at the grassy ground "
somebody p-l-e-a-s-e make it 5 o'clock already!!!  i can feel myself aging    (cas)
goin to pick up lyndens pics then off to visit coles dad  feels good to get out of the house   (cas)
visited ooahs baby yeasterday  she is so <propfemale>  want new baby 
 smile   i love my husband  (cas)
so sick of petty bullshit     grow up! (cas)
"ugh, i ate way too much      feel disgusting   why must food taste so delicious?! (cas)"
"working for pennies is my favorite thing in the world next to having my fingernails pulled out with pliers  oh sweet financial distress, how you brighten life "
long wrekend  barely got to see my wife   now a long week of work   i miss being home with lynden all day 
listenin to some <propfirst> kershaw and <propmale> <propmale> this mornin  good tunes by good dudes means good moods 
eatin rainbow stew with a silver spoon  ha <propfemale> <propfemale> 
i miss my wife 
baby boy must be having another growth spurt    he's been waking up fightin mad and hungry around 2 a m  for the past couple of days   mama's tired    (cas)
wish i could celebrate today   lil too <propfemale> i think 
mmmmmmmm      see's <propfemale>  smile   (cas)
read an article on cnn this morning bout an elementary student who brought a bunch of cocaine to school and shared it with a bunch of 8 + 9 year olds  wow 
seen new york is gonna hit 70° today   lucky bastards 
come on 5 o'clock! (cas)
glad to be done with work for the week finally  one day off and back to the grind 
good mornin  all you beautiful should are em enjoying this beautiful weather
oops  should = souls  damn sunday mornin typos
<propfirst> won't start   shitty  (cas)
ugh!  it's gonna be a shitty day  (cas)
"oh boy, what a mess   <propfirst> has to be towed to rochester since no place in spring valley has the diagnostic equipment for a newer (2006) ford   <propmale> will be huge   buick's steering column is f***ed up and had to get a flat tire patched this morning   this on top of all our extremely bad financial situation has me without a shred of hope   just can't catch a break    (cas)"
onward and upward
this too shall pass or at least turn off soon 
i don't remember a time when payday was a good day 
"so, so, sooooooooooooooo tired  (cas)"
finally took some pics of the bedroom that has been done for quite some time now   my dad did a wonderful job! (cas)
\sometimes i wish i lived in an airstream\,b04e laugh 33d065f6be9daf425a1e948a45,ouch!  finally got the estimate on the buick   very painful    (cas)
so the transmission blew out on the <propfirst> this weekend     just not our month for vehicles i guess       (cas)
