388ab88c7c84d029395cd8a62a525eb3
don't let schooling interfere with your education 
would you be my cuddle <propmale>?
stoop kid never leaves his stoop!
"i could use a hero right now, you could use someone to save someone like me"
yay for sleep deprivation!
whyyy am i awake right nooow
hooray for chemical burns!
"the screen on my phone \is staying blank, so i can't see any of my texts at all"
fuck sleep! i don't need it
gonna be watching my niece for the entire day for monday  smile 
"everybody is wrong about everything, just about all the time "
"brand new phone and number but lost all my contacts, so just text your name to me 260 615 3964"
"i have so much to worry and stress about but i still think i am the luckiest girl in the world right now, getting to sleep with this amazing guy every night by my side"
"summer looovin, had me a blaaast  wink "
i need to get outta here
hanging out with <propfemale>!
creepy sixty-five year old men hitting on me at work= sexy
sittin in the park and watchin the sun come up
gonna go <propfemale> with <propfemale> since <propfirst> is a retarded weinerrrr
laying <propfemale> hammock at the checkout <propfirst> in krogers with my aviators on  i wonder if they'll notice if i fall asleep
can anybody give me a clue or at least let me buy a vowel or something?
i guess i'm not that lucky
i just got paid! who wants to do something?
hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  smile 
dinner with <propmale>  smile 
tonight was a shpadoinkle night!  laugh  thanks yous guys
just bought season 1 and 2 of the best show ever skins!
"well that was fun, now it's off to sleep and then off to do some serious stuff"
let's go    fuck kids
"mormans make the best pornos, hands down"
"like a someboady, fuck you bic!"
"at night, i would lay in my twin bed, and wonder where my brother was"
"you're wrong, just sit there in your wrongness and be wrong"
comment on this shit so i can talk to yous
i was dead at the time!
i was on the moon     with <propmale>
would you be my cuddle <propmale>?
"watching madman, be jealous bitches"
i got someone to pull over cause they thought i was the cops  hahahahaha
i just don't know what to do with myself
"i gotta bad feeling about something, not sure what it is though"
text me? 615 3964  or comment on this? because i'm bored at work until midnight 
"no no mr  truck driver  you do not tell me what the fuck is up, i'm tellin you what the fuck is up  haha, i like my job sometimes"
"swares there's no difference between the lies and compliments,it's all the same if everybody leaves her"
"gonna get muh hair did tomorrow! maybe i should just shave all of it off, it gets in my way anyways"
at the movies!
i'm armed now bitches!
"take my advice, because i never do, lol"
i'm gonna rape you until you cum dust!
it looks like i gave a smurf a hand job
avoiding multiple exes         mission  accomplished!
take no regard to anything i say until i go to sleep tonight because i'm not gonna remember anything
"after the fists through windows, fire extinguishers, losing shit, and bike stealing from the past weekend, i think i'll be fine just sleeping tonight"
"i can read minds, but only if it's <propfemale> <propmale>'s mind"
fuck! sugar rush! shit!
i'm gonna shake you like a fresh glowstick
"i don't have to work tonight, so text or call meh!"
camping is in-tents!
party at <propfemale>'s! come ova      now! or text or call me cause her phone isn't working 615 3964
women age like fine wine      alone in a cellar
my mom poured a pot of water on my head because she was in a bad mood  so i threw the pot at her head  good fucking morning
"i need some cheering up, something fun to do"
"well, fuck me"
girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do
this day was amazing
can somebody come pick me up?
well   that was fun
"\a black guy is not gonna shoot two white girls      if anything we're gonna get raped\""-jessica <propmale>"""
"it's not easy, but it's worth it"
these people are way too excited about my dad here
i feel like i've been sitting in time out for 10 hours straight   i hate my job
"my sister hit on a random guy on her street for me while i'm in her pj's at her house,haha,how awkward"
i got paid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"who wants to party? i'm buyin, lol"
"\i guess i have a nomad as a daughter\""-my father"""
i havn't even been at work for an hour and i already can't take sitting in this godddamn chair in this goddamn room for another 8 hours
"nevermind, i found a <propmale> size sharpie  laugh "
"nevermind, i got yelled at"
"here goes the battle of epic proportions to stay awake at work from a sleepless night, always my favorite"
damn it    shoulda worn make up today
"this woman just called me by the wrong name and made me walk what felt like a mile, fuck that bitch"
i set my hopes too high when i don't even want to
goin a huntin for some ghosts!
happy 1st birthday to <propfemale>!
maybe i'll just play dead for a while
"one more day, it'll probably be horrible"
19 years and 9 months ago my mom forgot to take her birth control one fateful day
"i want death, death for my birthday!  laugh "
"hopefully going to that show in <propmale> tomorrow, if i can get <propfemale> to answer her phone"
"yeah i know, i had a lot to drink on my birthday, but it's the fault of all you guys"
"someone told me like i look like a <propfemale> porn <propfemale> named <propfemale> <propfemale>, i don't know how i should handle this haha"
"my sister's about to take a drug test, i shouted \good luck!\"" in the parking lot"""
toad gets all the bitches
is in desperate need of some company
i get to cuddle with my boytoy all night long  laugh 
<propfemale> meh ha meh haaaaa!
i had to take my puppy back home  sad 
what a depressing night
"i don't need a therapist, i need a whipping boy"
watchin smackdown bitches
my imagination just needs to shut the fuck up
i can't fucking win
i want a man with a plan and ambition    not a fool with a pussy hit mission
i'm getting my car back!
"loving is fine if you have plenty of time\\for walking on stilts at the edge of your mind"
"movies at <propmale> point, woo hoo"
"new mission: <propfirst> needs a room mate  guy or girl, it doesn't matter to me  anybody interested?"
i really wanna get a shit load of people together and play kickball
"i need somewhere to go and something to do, i'd rather not be alone all night long"
"so my mother basically called me a whore, guess that shows how well she knows me"
"walkin down calhoun  why, you might ask? because i fucking can!"
i found looney tunes on demand  laugh 
uh oh spaghetti-os!
so bored     i need     to go    do something         anything
still    so      boreded
"i'm hoping i'll have my car by friday, then i can go anywhere my gas tank will let me  smile "
there's gonna be a fucking <propfirst> bieber movie
i have enough money to get my car back  laugh 
"free movie, free drinks, and free popcorn  thanks <propfirst>  smile "
question of my lifetime: should i or should i not move to <propmale>?
just ordered pizza online  for some odd reason it felt extremely liberating
"welp, this time next week i'll be living in a different state, bye everybody"
"no matter what situation, my father always seems to \know a guy\"""""
"there's frost outside, this sucks"
only two more days to say goodbye to me
men can make an addiction out of anything
"never thought i'd say this, but i need my fucking cat right now!"
"goodbye 96 acura legend, and hello mister 09 ford focus  as far as i'm concerned, my mother can officially suck it"
goodbye fort <propmale>
tomtom is trying to sabotage me
drinking baileys with my daddy  laugh 
"i got a car, laptop, and a gps in the same day  i think imma bout to go into shock"
it'll all work out eventually
"having a blasty blast with my web cam  i get internetz tomorrow, so somebody better talk to me on this thing"
"gah, i'm bored"
conan!
so i get to work at an <propmale> institute a k a  heaven
somebody needs to save copper
"why do women not like me around 90% of the time? i'm really nice, i promise  just get to know me"
"damnit guys, stop inviting me to parties that i can't go to  it's depressing"
"unlike other females, i will not be empathetic for your sorry existence"
"my father just received a chocolate present from a clothing store, he is way too loyal of a customer"
"i shouldn't have even left my room today, or even thought about attempting to live through this day"
currently viewing mentally disabled people clean a bank
my dad just told me that i need to take more advantage of my looks    thanks for the advice
"i sware i'm about to strangle these guys, i'm just not in the mood for philisophical and psychological discussions right now"
will you stop being so green with envy
imagine sitting in a room with nothing in it for 15 hours straight     because this is the torture that is my life at the moment
i just think it would be fun to listen to every conversation that has ever been had about me while i wasn't around
"i guess i have admirers at the <propmale> college, good lord"
maddy is here                               
why must my father dance to rap when he's drunk in public
it's my mother's birthday today     yay?
"i love waking up to my dad making me breakfast, asking me how i liked my martinis over the weekend, and then giving me 40 bucks    talk about fucking heavenly"
just because i'm a security guard does not make me a fucking gps
"i am not a fucking tour guide of <propmale>, and i'm pretty sure these people don't want me to be since i don't know where i am half of the time anyways"
when was the last time you did something for the first time?
"somebody is going to fucking die this week, and it's going to be one of you"
i discovered my least favorite word today: should
"i'm gonna shoot her, i'm gonna shoot her"
i think i'm getting sick  sad 
"the city of <propmale> is shutting down for today, and now i get to drive in the blizzard back home"
"luckily, most crazy homeless people can't afford guns"
"yes, i am your security guard  i'm guarding your ass, and i'm gonna look fucking good doing it"
it's too early for a scavenger hunt at a triple a
"an older gentleman came in to buy a map because he's surprising his wife with a trip to italy for christmas, how fucking sweet can you get"
scary mall in east <propmale>     everyone smells like coco butter!
"they don't let pets in here, but i've had a cockatoo if ya know what i'm sayin"
this is going to be the best christmas ever
"i'm watching animal cops  someone needs to stop me, now"
i got a miraculous bra     it's taking a while to get used to how big this thing makes my tits
i feel so bad for the black woman in that dominoes commercial
i feel so bad for the black woman in that domino's commercial
"in the back kitchen of a travel agency, there is an orange coffin just sitting on the floor   wtf"
"my dad found out that if you put shower curtains in a washing machine, the curtains are gonna come out with holes in them"
why are there retarded cleaning crews everywhere i go?
i just mopped a hallway filled with pepto bismol
drunk people trying to crash my car is not cool
i get onto netflix and on the recently watched section the movies strictly sexual and i am a sex addict popped up       god damn it dad
"i told myself not to go into the fucking pet store, so what do i do? go into the fucking pet store"
"classic smash bros , drinks, and pizza is what i call a perfect night"
hookers deserve a lifetime acievement award
"i'm gonna go see the broadway musical, the book of morman, in new york! omfg i love my dad, i've never been this spoiled before"
"go ahead, add me on skype= ashleynicolefry"
"i feel dread, for no reason  i hate it when this happens"
i put your picture away!
i have the worst sleep patterns
"i wanna live till i die\no more \no less "
the us version of skins can suck my ding-a-ling!
"i'm coming to the fort tomorrow, so be prepared"
"nobody really cares if your miserable, so you might as well be happy"
i'm watching fraggle rock! this is gonna be a good day
"here's to the nights that turned into mornings, and to the friends who turned into family  love "
i actually alomst died today
professor oak knows nothing about the composition of photography!
orgy at my sister's house! come on ova!
we live in perverted times
wtf blizzard
"i've been drug through hell, and it is not right that anyone should feel the need to drag me through any more of it"
driving to fort <propmale>    see ya in a few hours
no single girl should ever go to a mall the first two weeks of february
fort <propmale>    it's just like living in an ice cube
i need something to do!
this is going to be a terrible week
shut up <propfemale> streisand!
"i didn't eat before work, i think i might die from hunger tonight"
someone should go  in the auditorium and get me some food
thank you zeus almighty and the stars above for the food i have just received
coloring in coloring books is serious business
"going to see menopause: the musical with my mother, the audience is only full of old women"
"just shoot me when i go into menopause, please"
"oh, what the hell"
"sorry fort <propmale>, but your parties just lost big time"
how can grown people be so damn rude
"and remember ladies, a relationship is a living prison!"
apparently wearing shape-ups for ten hours is not something you're supposed to do when you first wear them    my calves hurt so much right now
"i love being at a gas station at 3 in the morning with a bunch of huge, drunk black guys harassing me"
"if there's a prize for rotten judgement, i guess i've already won that "
i have to just bite my tongue
how do you write a paper on how your mother is a terrible person in a professional manner?
i just woke up  damn it
so     extremely     utterly     excruciatingly          bored
i am so extremely pissed off right now
life without you would be like a broken pencil   pointless 
i wanna bag you like some groceries
so much win right now!
"i hear a ruckus, so i open up the 3rd floor blinds to see a man's face right there   it was maintenance"
this is so fucking weird      i am still definitely not used to being hit on
i need something to do
"at pf changs with muh dad, who won't stop picking on me"
and now i'm back to boredom
god damn it  did everybody go to that rave tonight?
"i have ocd because if i see a fogged up mirror or glass, i absolutely have to draw a penis on it, no matter what"
i'm now positive that i can legitimately self diagnose myself as fucking retarded
"reading all my old myspace shit, my friends are so stupid  smile "
apparently i have a very sick sense of humor   i guess i should thank my guy friends in fort <propmale> for being such awful influences
i just wanna go home  sad 
"i could have said some nasty things, but it wouldn't have mattered anyways  \not my problem anymore "
"roses are red,\violets are blue,\i have a gun,\get in the <propfirst> "
"welp, i feel awful today"
my sleep schedule is fucked beyond belief now
"time for my least favorite thing on the planet\\   fucking shoe shopping"
"my dad is out on a date, and i am stuck alone and at home \\i feel cool "
"alright, this is getting ridiculous"
even though this doesn't happen anymore    i feel like i'm grounded
"i'm not interested, and i doubt you'll convince me to be"
i am pissed the fuck off   
"well, i guess i can't go home this weekend either  someone needs to just kill me now"
"unless you've lived my life, you have no fucking right to have any opinion about me or judge what the fuck i do "
at least i have the mentally challenged cleaning crew
"my mother is acting caring towards me, it's really creeping me out and i'm not sure how to react"
it's got that old people and burning coffee smell    i really hope i don't throw up
"going home right now, and the first thing i'm gonna see is <propfemale> danger <propmale>'s smiling face"
this indiana toll booth machine and i have a neverending feud going on
"wow, i didn't e playful ect that \and now i get to cuddle in bed with my boytoy all day  laugh "
"<propmale> vowles made me a cd\i  love  him"
i love the une playful ected fun i have at home
"rip <propfirst> sudderth, i had some really great times with you"
"\your new site is heavily hispanic\""= drive with your windows up and doors locked"""
"i don't mind coming to work, but this eight hour wait to go home is just bullshit!"
"damn it, i forgot the commitment it takes to take care of a new piercing"
"an old indian man just came up to me, already knew my name and offered me anything i want if i go to his store across the street "
"this is the absolute worst case of \i told you so\"" that can possibly happen"""
"allergies just hit me, and they're bitchslappin the shit outta me"
strawburry  sad 
my body hates me
"and again, recently watched on netflix: all american orgy\my father really needs to stop this "
i've been accepted into baldwin <propmale>    finally
"i purposely don't do my make up or hair and wear a terrible uniform, but i'm still getting hit on by old men at work    gotdamn it"
