8b8fa7fb437a405e5b25090adefeb0a9
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms   i have you in my heart ? - repost if you have someone in heaven "
"i'm posting this in memory of a 19 year old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this    in memory of all fallen soldiers!!"
hummm
having to work on the week end sucks!!!!!
man i hate having to work on the weekend!  i need a new job     or better yet to hit the lottery   
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke, your house is a mess, you are drunk as a skunk, or your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one      true friend!!!!!!!!"
yeah i just got my first humming bird for the season this afternoon   
its sucks when your weekend is a tuesday and a thursday   
i miss my lil tinkpot when she is with her daddy!  sad 
yes its thursday i get to see my lil tinkie
well its friday most folks say yes its finally here!  not me my weekend is a monday and a    friday--------next friday  lol its all good at least i have a job! yes i count my blessings
i just tried hummas for the first time hey its good! i like the garlic one   
thinks that some people come into our lifes for a reason    we may not know why but in due time it all comes to light
nothing like a heart to heart with your daughter   
happy 19th  birthday <propfirst>   i love you!
damn 0700 to 1830 is a long day  foodlion tryn to kill me i think!
i survived a 30 hour party and a trip to the beach all after working 10 hours  but i sure am feeling it!!!! but your daughters 19th birthday only comes one time   
ok back to reality back to work! i think i can i think i can     go do this !
"god bless out troops and their families! \thank you for keeping us safe and free!"
"there's a certain pleasure in feeling well-grounded, and this moment would make a firm foundation for whatever you choose to build upon it  if your plans are already made, it's time for the cornerstone to be laid  go with what you've got, as there's a no-frills feeling that's saying keep it simple, take it slow "
always trust your instincts   90% of the time you are right in what you feel inside!
ready to go back to germany its to damn hot here    
   
"nothing like an \unplanned\"" trip to the beach just to feel the ocean breeze and walk in the sand"""
happy fathers day to all the fathers out there! any man can make a  baby  but it takes a real man to do right by his child   
is it friday yet?
its about time my friday got here!  im ready to party all weekend long    happy birthday to my g-friend <propfemale>!
germany kicking ass 4-1
"there\comes a time in life when you have to walk away from all the pointless \drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who\make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good \life is too short to be anything but happy  repost if you agree  "
"let every one of your friends know you love them  even if you think they don't love you back, you would be amazed at what those three little words and a smile can do  and just in case i'm gone tomorrow  \i love ya!!! \live today because tomorrow is not promised"
i owe i owe off to work i go    
ya have to love customer service    this lady accused me of be prejudice! what makes people do that? any idea?????? please e playful lain to me why folks do that   
enough is enough its pretty bad when your whole body hurts! from cleaning something that is not even yours! i need a new job     now!
omg i though i was hurting from scrubbing the floor    move a whole house of stuff in two days and find places to put it hurts your head!  lol gotta do what cha gotta do!
im almost done making 2 houses (1)home thank god for giving me the strength
"damn i hate the first of the month! why cause if you have my job you have to work more than ever, just to keep up at the same lil bit of pay  sad truly sad! can someone teach me how to not work so hard?"
ok they must have made a mistake with the schedule at work! im off tomorrow!  omg  its going to snow   
dont answer the phone <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ok ok back to work      only if i have too! feeling a lil sick \cough cough\"" sneeze"""
can someone tell me why people have to be so deep in your business! i guess you learn who you can tell things and who you cant  pretty damn sad    what is the purpose?
"<propfemale> likes if you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass! on ? "
ok i thought i was doing a good thing buying an older house!  well after putting in a whole new septic tank and drain field that takes up the whole back yard and now the damn well is screwed up no water for 2 days now    i know i made a mistake now buying an older house! this is just out of control     would like to set it on fire and run away to germany and never to be seen in the us again!!!!!
vacation! half g of crown   
two steps forward and 3 back just cant get ahead!
new job today! cant wait to learn all about capital one! yyesssss
ok i gotta get used to this new schedule! still up at 12 smile 0am   
nothing like homemade real <propmale> food!  thank <propfemale>     we love you
"my mom made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me crazy at times    moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether she's here with you, or in heaven  love you mom!"
im in shock! i cant believe this    count your blessings and tell everyone how much you love them cause your next minute is not promised to you    my prayers go out to <propmale> and <propfirst> may god be with you to comfort and guide you threw these tuff times 
"ok wanted to know how to make my package of <propmale> bread can not read it and too much to type in bablefish to translate!  marian,sandy <propfemale> ,<propfemale>, <propfemale> help its  bauernkruste  mit sauerteig & hefe"
ok and we are off to making homemade <propmale> bread!  thank you <propfemale>!!!!
"ok my <propmale> bread was good and it will get better with more practice!  dinner was great! if i could only learn to make a laugein kressant \spelling\"""""
"a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier- once in 1 year a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to defend their country; a soldier,actually    keeps that promise  repost if you support our men and women in uniform"
keep your head up and look to the stars! only look back to realize the mistakes you might have made   
can i make it? will i make it? doubting myself! is this want i really want?
"there are moments in life where you wish you could bring someone down from \heaven and spend the day with them just one more time  i know i have \someone i would love to do that with      if you have someone, copy and \paste this to your status to remember all who are not here"
"ok last day of training! new desk new people new hours and i sure hope i got it all   pray with me that i can really do this job, god please give me the knowledge to do this job!"
thank you for all the support! ash thank you for my beautiful flowers and desk newhome away from home  i love you with all my heart!
ok if everyday could be like yesturday i would be so happy  work went very well! prayers do work!  thank you god for showing me the way!
god has blessed me in so many way! thank you lord   
thank you lord~ thank you~thank you lord~thank you~thank you lord~
"special needs kids are not sick or gross, they only want what we all want: to be accepted and loved  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour? its special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a                unique      way: we all need love !!!!!"
i love my children!!!!!!!
"watching animal planet can anyone tell me why people treat animals like this? omg the owners need to be starved to death or made to fight until one is deads, just like they treated their animals! stupid ass people in the world   "
"my husband has made me laugh  he has wiped my tears  he has hugged me \tight  he has watched me succeed  he has seen me fail  he has cheered me\on  he has kept me going strong  my husband is a promise from god that i will have a friend forever  put this as your status if you love your husband "
just want to thank god for the wonderful house full of people that came from afar and near  thank you god for giving me the abilities to prepare the food for 14 people with many left overs! thank you lord for blessing me and my family in so many ways!
blessed!
"ok out of all my fb friends and family what is the best cell phone handy on the market today and \why\"" what do you like or dislike about this  phone     thanks oh yeah i have verizon as my carrier if that makes a different"""
"you know what i was just looking at my friends list i am so blessed to have so many different cultures and life styles in my friends that makes me very proud to be excepted as \me\""  thank you"""
ok ok ok i gotta go to sleep i gotta go to work in the morning      ok ok one more drink  just a night cap          wonderful night      
blessed blessed blessed in so so so many ways       shall i count the ways
"to all my facebook friends--will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec  6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx  24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family"
"happy birthday to my very smart handsome young man! \happy birthday <propfirst>"
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family!
omg a droid phone toooo  much   for me!!!!  where is the on and off button   
hey im getting used to it! hey i found facebook! lol the simplist things that can make me smile sometimes   
sitting here in the waiting room   praying out loud that mom does ok with this surgery! 35 minutes and counting til i can see her   
mom is home and resting  thank you for all the prayers  thank you lord for blessing us with another day 
played a game of chess with my son and won played a game of chess with my husband and lost  they played and my son won      moral of the story everyone wins!
can anyone tell me why there are people out there that would steal from someone instead of working to earn an honest living in life    how do these people sleep at night? do they really think they will get into heaven living their life this way? god bless us all here on earth and give us the proper knowledge to do the right thing!
"just want to remind all my friends and family as well    to tell the ones you love, that you love them now while you have a <propmale>  dont wait! no one can promise you your next breath  rip my friend and neighbor! you will me missed by many  my thoughts a prayers go out to your family "
rip <propmale> i will truly miss you   
ok <propmale> was late this evening but he stomped his feet 2 times like usual then knocked on the back door of the sunroom to come in and say hello    yes he maybe gone from here but i know his spirit is still here with us
ok <propfemale> go to sleep    your getting tired    your gettting sleeeeepy         yeah right its only 1245 am  grrrr why cant i go to sleep like a normal person?
ok to all my <propmale> friends    i just tried couscous  grieß (semolina) for the first time  i see there are many different ways to eat this or use in a recipe  whats your favorite???
thank you all for the birthday wishes! i feel blessed to have so many wonderful friends 
i want to thank each and everyone here and around the world for all the happy birthday wishes  may god continue to bless us all and watch over us 
oh my here we go with a new schedule 0900 to 2000 is a l   o   n   g   day! but i can do this   
"ok ok ok 1 more 10 hour shift ahead of me i can do this, i will do this with gods help of course! thank you lord for letting me see one more day "
"nothing like looking up old class mates, old friends etc   "
ok gotta do these 4 (10's) loven the 3 days off but i just aint feeling these long ass days ahead  what does it take to get used to a 10 hour day????  anyone know!
having sick babies is one of the worse feelings a parent grandparent can have 
lesser of two evils can i come to work tomorrow???
"this bug is baddddd now daddys got it      \the iron man that is never sick\"""""
ok i can do this 10 hour shift with a lil help from upstairs! lord thank you for waking me up this morning and please see me through this weak feeling very long day  and please bless my family and friends 
oh my goodness     im still so sick     no mom is sick too  please just make it go away!
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me a little crazy at times  but moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you have a wonderful mom whom you love; either here with you or in heaven! ?"
so very glad my grandbaby is doing much better  thanks for all the prays and get well wishes   its a bad feeling when the lil ones get sick and you cant fix it!
instincts are almost always rights      so trust them
