343f0c02dee524c050d0cf41affec7f2
sanity? what need do i have for such a useless thing as that?
my zanpakuto's shi-kai would be called the crimson death and would be called out with 'eviscerate'  its ban-kai would be the crushing crimson dragon  its natural form would be a red dragon skeleton named kondaiyu 
noooooo!!!! its true! its true!!! why!?!?!?
el oh el smiley face
"too many great games to get into, this is what i getting for showing up late to the party  devil may cry 1-4, <propfemale> wars force unleashed, the matrix, god of war 1-3 and i know there are more   "
watashi wa will desu 
im a bawss!
?????????•?????????¶§?????????
reign over the frosted heavens! hyorinmaruuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you'd like to think that, wouldn't you   "
has been killed to death
"turn everything in the universe into ash, ryujin jaaka!"
uh oh!
"people always say the truth will set them free, but the truth gets a lot of people in trouble "
no means no!
sigh
wooooooooooooo the panthers finally wised up and axed delhomo! this is a great day!!!!!
lost my phone  lost my phooone!
"new phone, same #, everyone call me so i can get ur #s again   ! (actually a desparate ploy for somebody, anybody to call me   ) hahaha sob! im so lonely!"
"i knew it i totally called it, got my new phone yesterday, just found the old one 2day    ahhh life and its wonderful ironies    i love some good quality irony, even if its @ my own e playful ense"
beeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"u know that one person who totally over-posts? everything theyre doing, every little thought or 'clever' little thing? yeah waaaayy annoying    stop it already!! ur not that important!! go outside for a while! sheesh   "
nothin like some double tapping to make you sound like a pro   
"<propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, dougie fresh u guys are awesome, and even u <propfemale>    ;p"
"i dont know   im not sure   i cant b certain   oh well, screw it   "
i am this sculpture  i am always this sculpture 
"shout out to my awesome front of housers, biggie smalls, kimbo slice, jane-way, lil mama, maddy, nicoli, megamus maximus, boo-bear, danny-girl, and the aimster    u guys rock for putting up w me! shut up <propfirst>   "
will bayrd is         perpetually malfeased
4g63 swap! red to black swap! wrecked + old =    awesome?
"beach, gym, bein philisophocal, chillin, hangin out w friends, playin guitar, making spiritual progress, chillin, working on my car, seein movies and uhhhhh chillin  if it wasnt for church on sunday id have no idea what day it is    its awesome"
im only 1 16th naragansett native american but i still got an indian name   the tribe elders decided i should be 'free spirit'  there you go   
"today is an infamously historic day for <propfemale>   on september 11th, 2001 islamic extremists attacked our great country, killing over three thousand citizens   whether we agree with the war or not, they are still our soldiers out there, and god bless them and keep them  thanks grampa, rip  go <propfemale> "
"'you do not have a soul; you are a soul that has a body \ -c s lewis"""
thanx everybody for the birthday wishes    yeah the big two-eight is upon me as i draw inexorably closer to the dreaded 30    oh well     hahaha
a thousand curses   
zao
"i have in my possesion the hottest naturally grown pepper in the world, the ghost jholokia  i must proceed w caution if i am 2 survive   "
"name that quote! -'stay away from women! now, if you get any urges that you can't supress with hard liquor    use this!'"
"who am i? -nickname 'shiro', ultimate bankai=hyorinmaru daiguren, and im young w aquamarine eyes   !"
"who am i? my name in japanese means 'silver', i like to 'pierce' and 'impale' people, and my taicho's bankai utilizes genjutsu   !"
"who am i? my sword's human form is an amazon woman and a young boy in white \i grew up in the rukon district "
"\its up there in prov- uh proverbs that e playful lain it! its right up there in proverbs! 'the mind of the simple is decieved   '   they saympah!!!!\"""""
who am i? (4 <propfemale>) i have no shikai or bankai   my unleashed power takes the form of a giant yellow skull  my vice captain has pink hair  im crazy 
who am i? i am a former member of soul society   i utilize rainbow prism jutsu  i was only cool enough to be in an arc 
"vex me no more, o temptress"
"two phones, neither of them are working, nice irony"
"phone is finally working, sweet"
its snowstorm 2011!! apparantly we live in anarctica not wrightsville beach   
met the rock at gold's gym on racine last week    he is on location filming j2tce2    talked to him! hes a real cool guy! wrks out w his brother  his body double for stunts in the movie goes there too! looks just like him!
