68f7f544577605e90ab63f458b400065
"if you haven't seen the new transformers yet, shame on you  go see it "
wants to buy a new life at target  except for july 8th and 14th  i'll keep those days 
i've gotten into a strange habit of doing paint-by-numbers    is that normal for a 16-year-old?
"i feel stupid for saying so, but i'm starting to get anxious for school to start   annoyed "
i'm making a cake today!!
"i'm jobless, my head hurts, my bed's a mess, and i'm going to lagoon on saturday "
it's about time i get a really big bar of hershey's chocolate  i think i deserve one  and i don't really feel like taking the act at 8am tomorrow  i need to hibernate 
i'm thinking i need to rethink my life  like maybe save time for reading big books instead of reading the last half in sparknotes the night before the plot summary is due  annoyed 
"whatever happened to simplicity? does that all just go out the door once you hit a certain age? or am i just defective? haha  maybe that's why i want to be a psychologist: to figure out my own issues  <propfemale> <propfemale>, i think you're right "
"if you buy the <propfemale> trek dvd, watch it, then go straight to the gag reel  oh my heck  i freaking love <propmale> quinto at the end!!! (and everywhere else, of course  laugh )"
today should be friday  but it isn't  and i have to do homework  and i don't want to  but bones is on tonight  i think i'll procrastinate a bit longer   
i'm cold  i'm cranky  i'm tired  i think i need a big long break   laugh 
"lately i've noticed that i get, hear, notice, etc  something new and if i like it, i get totally obsessed about it  then like a month later, i have no interest for it  is there something wrong with me?"
i got a death glare from ms  parrish today    i can't help it if i think that <propfemale> eyre is funny! i mean come on! it's dang hilarious!
"hearing voices, one of which was close at hand, she withdrew her head and glanced from behind the window-curtains "
"at this point, i'm glad i have bangs  (nobody can see the massive zit on my forehead)  laugh "
"wma - mp3 converter: opens in 13 days    uhm, i think i'll just download a different converter    in the meantime, maybe a complaint email could be called for "
i love babies  especially ones that are related to me   smile 
i'm so excited for new beginnings this year!! eep!  smile 
do i really have to go to school tomorrow? i want it to be over already  annoyed 
so b-days pretty much rock now  i have parrish twice and seminary  oh my goodness life rocks   smile 
buying selling college books is a nightmare    and i'm not even in college!  annoyed 
i have a dislike button!!!! too bad it doesn't work for google chrome    only firefox 
my college algebra book is coming!!! with a solutions <propmale>!!! happy day  smile 
so my finger joint hurts for no reason at all    i'm sad 
i hate headaches  annoyed 
"so i really want to go to band tour this year, but i have no job and no money  any ideas for fundraising?  smile "
why can't the scholarship deadlines be march 1st? or even april 1st?
i have no words  annoyed 
<propfirst> swift wins grammy album of the year!!! woo!! i love her  smile 
sobe lifewater for 99 cents??? stocking up!
"so i decided, hey, maybe i'll watch some of the original <propfemale> trek on youtube  buffering sucks  and it keeps skipping  oh well  i'll just suffer "
is anyone taking ms  parrish's advice and not going to her class because the colts lost? i'm debating   
"i guess my life is all about memorizing now    new beginnings, canterbury tales    next up: hamlet's soliloquy  joy "
"go to urbandictionary com, type your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
myrvin can actually steer now  and he doesn't moan  i don't think i can call him moaning myrvin anymore   sad 
thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday!! it was a fantabulous day!
"no school on friday    and half of the day will be spent driving  yay! i can catch up on march madness! and maybe some mayor of casterbridge, but most likely just the bom "
off to a day of driving and walking around!!!
i am officially going to attend suu in the fall  yay me!
"homeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomeworkhomework wait, what's that?"
orangeade  mmmm 
"<propfemale> in freakin' wonderland!!! in  laugh  3d! can life get any better? i submit that it can! ha, okay, so for a <propmale> <propmale> movie, it definitely could have been creepier scarier <propmale>ier  but <propfirst> depp with very large green eyes was fun to look at  smile "
college!!! can i graduate this place yet?
i hate being sick  sad 
my hands smell like downy    it's making me gag > playful 
"if anyone is going to suu and needs a roommate, let me know  also, if you know anyone who is going to suu and needs a roommate, please let me know   laugh "
st  <propfirst> in exactly one week!! woo! vacation!
have i ever said how much i love animal crackers??
countdown to st  george: 7 days   
countdown to st  george: 4 days   
"i thought i knew, but now i'm not so sure   "
"i'd like to think it's all over, but then i'd be lying to myself "
"someone needs to call up the college board and tell them to switch the psych and lit tests  if they did that, life would be balanced again   smile "
"<propmale> nickleby was amazing! i wish i could watch you all act all over again several times, haha  awesome work guys!"
"hello? yes, superman? feel free to swoop by anytime "
"i get criticized for listening to owl city in my car for over 3 months, but you know what? he's the only singer i can listen to repeatedly and not get bored  that's why his music is always in my cd player! if you don't like it, stay out of my car  so there   laugh "
i love how it's after 8 o' clock and it's still <propfemale> outside    life is good  smile 
"just for the record, iceberg's cake shake is nothing like coldstone's cake batter  do not waste your time with it "
just found out the dress we were making for me is for short people who have no bust whatsoever  thanks a lot simplicity  > indecision 
"i think this stupid application just sent everyone in my friends some invite, so feel free to ignore it  sorry  annoyed "
"my day wasn't very good today, and then i found a good dress for tomorrow night  now all is well  smile "
i really don't want to write 3 essays    anyone willing to for a dollar?  laugh 
i think i'm the only person on facebook because i'm the only person with nothing to do on friday night  i'm pathetic  sad 
i need something to do  i'm buzzing around the house like a <propfemale>  annoyed 
"i just spent an hour with hatchlings    well, at least all my pets are fed and happy  laugh "
"dear ap literature class 4b,\our video failed so we only have raw footage to show you  be prepared for the rawest (and hilariousest) video ever shown \love, <propfemale>  smile "
"two down, two to go  plus, my stupid portfolio  > sad "
"still plowing through my portfolio    i don't think i'll have time for my math assignments  annoyed  yay, procrastination!!!"
i'm feeling kind of bored  and i don't know if i want to sleep or do something fun 
"in the arms of my love i'm flying\over mountain and meadow and glen\and i like it so well that for all i can tell\i may never come down again\i may never come down to earth again"
"we are all a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutual weirdness and call it love "
''oh my gosh! the square root of soon is never!''
i'm going to be different and talk about something besides graduation  i'm going to college in three months!!!
"i'd rather have a runny nose than a sore throat  oh darn, i don't get to pick  i get both, lucky me  oh and bonus! have a headache on the side "
so on the first day of summer vacation (monday) i got increasingly sick and i still feel crappy  so much for sunshine  sad 
i think i might crack and try the good old remedy: chicken noodle soup 
turns out i have a viral upper respiratory infection  blech  what a fantastic summer   
i must have really needed those 13 and a half hours of sleep  i've never had so many fun dreams   smile 
"i'm driving for 3 hours all by myself tomorrow  in the morning, no less "
i need a party   indecision 
"i just finished my resume so if anyone knows anybody who's hiring desperate future college students, let me know   smile "
i hate it when my tan skin peels away and makes me white again   sad 
i must be insane  i'm seeing eclipse 
<propmale> is a lot more attractive in eclipse  and not just because his former accent came out a bit  wink 
straight from the mind of celeste: what do you do when something you've chased after for so long suddenly becomes unattainable and you have to give up? what happens next?
does anyone want to go get frosties from <propfemale>'s tonight?
i need some bona fide social interaction  like that face-to-face stuff that doesn't happen anymore  maybe a happy gathering tomorrow?  smile 
dixon woodruff happy freakin' birthday you old man!!!
folderol and fiddle <propfirst> <propfirst>  fiddly faddly foodle  all the dreamers in the world are crazy in the noodle 
"my room smells a bit like wet dog  i'm not sure why  my room is neither wet, nor doggy  but apparently it's wet-doggy "
being virtuous isn't just about what you don't do; it's also about what you do do 
you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest 
folderol and fiddle <propfirst> <propfirst>  fiddly faddly foddle  all the wishes in the world are poppycock and twaddle 
"for the rest of the week, each day i'm going to put an inspirational quote or idea that i found at girls' camp  sister <propfemale> <propmale> came and talked to us!!!!"
"first quote idea from girls' camp is a go: \let your lower lights keep glowing so the seaman can find his way \"""""
"i found a free program a bit like photoshop, but the stupid thing can't take away zits right  sad "
"dear iceberg,\thank you for finally giving me the shake i wanted after you so obviously didn't give it to me last time \love, <propfemale>  smile "
i want some new shoes 
i have a blister on my thumb from sharpening all of my colored pencils  amazing what coloring books can motivate one to do 
i have done the unforgivable: i have started writing    gasp! a vampire novel   playful 
"i love pandora, but it's killing my computer > playful "
"i've decided that if i don't marry a bona fide nerd, my life won't be complete "
"linguini: \i have a ra-  a ra-a-a   \""\",68f7f544577605e90ab63f458b400065,just found all my elementary school class pictures    it makes me wonder where all these kids are now  ha 
"if you love me, you'll know what my favorite color is  smile "
people drive all sucky-like 
"so our internet is down    and i'm using my mom's sidekick to tell you all this  by the way, <propfemale> was amazing for its first night  come see it!"
does anyone want to go see a movie with me tomorrow? text me if yes  smile 
happy birthday <propmale> potter!  smile 
nothing can rain on my parade  so i don't need an umbrella  smile 
"showtunes     smile  right now: be our guest  ah, musicals  gotta love 'em "
<propmale> mis is on showtunes!!!!! that just made my week worth it  smile 
"and now for \celeste says something clever \""\",68f7f544577605e90ab63f458b400065,i'm thinking maybe an iceberg shake and movie night either thursday or friday    who's with me?  smile 
had to turn down a job offer today     sad 
whatever happened to fun on a friday night? is anyone interested in relieving me of boredom   ? please?  smile 
matinee anyone?
"me: what is 3 in binary?\chacha: the binary number 11 is 1 * 2 + 1 * 1 = 1 * 21 + 1 * 20 which in decimal is 3 \me: why does cha cha suck at giving me the answer i want?\chacha: i am sorry that you feel that way  if you feel that you did now have your question answered properly call 1-800-820-0827  thanks!\gee chacha, i feel so satisfied with my wasted texts and time "
everything is funny at 2'o clock in the morning  especially putting a stethoscope on your nose and sniffing 
i finally finished super <propfirst> galaxy (number one) with <propfirst> and <propmale> and i got the 121st <propfemale>  i feel strangely accomplished 
spider creeping along my puppies poster 15 inches from my face    now my card's envelope has spider guts on it    ew  that thing was creepy 
"colorado, here i come!!! taking the ugly way through wyoming so we can get there an hour and a half sooner  yay, boredom!"
on the way home    i wish we could've stayed in colorado springs longer  sad 
i'm leaving my home of 16 years  i'll miss taylorsville and everyone in it! i love you all! text me every once in a while  smile 
"i would go on phineas' and ferb's coolest coaster ever  minus the snakes, mud, and car wash "
i now have my computer and internet up and running  smile  hellooooo college life!
first day of college tomorrow! first class: intro to fiction  this is going to be great  smile 
"i already love my intro to fiction class  only downside is that it's ednet and my teacher's on a tv  but at least i can still ask questions there  it makes me miss ms  parrish  ah, literature  smile "
"okay boys men male types, this is for you  i was thinking about ye olden tymes where courtship and marriage was a lot different than nowadays  so, given that info, if you were about to propose to the girl of your dreams (in this <propfemale>), would you ask her father for permission first?"
only in utah would your uncle aunt be younger than you 
i might have a job  surprise 
i do have a job!!
"did you tell <propfirst> that you loved him? did you say, ''<propfirst>, i love you''?"
statistics is going to be fun  six people in the whole class  yay   smile  plus i already know some stuff from psych 
i have to write an essay for 4 surprise 0 and i don't even know if it should be informative or persuasive and my teacher won't respond to my email  sad 
"update: my teacher still hasn't answered my email, so i'm plowing ahead with an informative essay because i'm pretty sure it's not very productive to persuade someone that the constitutional convention happened "
government  bleh 
"if you put a microphone in front of mick jagger and <propfirst> <propfirst>, who would eat it first?"
i'm <propmale> <propmale>  go to bed 
"you know those kids with shaggy hair that hangs in their eyes who have to flip their heads every 10 seconds to get it out of their eyes? i bet if you put six of them in a car, it'd flip over within a minute "
"it's the end of the world as we know it, and i feel fine    except for the fact that i have to go to government "
"miracles are like meatballs, because nobody can exactly agree on what they are made of, where they come from, or how often they should appear  --lemony snicket"
pandora: 80's pop radio=best radio ever
"i started reaching for the package of oreos and the tv said \help us try to rid the world of a million bad snacks!\"" the universe is trying to tell me something """
i'm getting kind of sick of all the malapropism people are embodying nowadays 
"i never realized how obnoxious the song \america\"" from west side story is  yeesh """
galileo! figaro! magnific surprise h-oh-oooohhhhh!!!
\the e playful ression 'shiver me timbers!' comes from the society of pirates," who enjoy using interesting e playful ressions almost as much as jumping aboard other people's ships and stealing their valuables \"" --lemony snicket\"68f7f544577605e90ab63f458b400065,haircuts and kittens make me happy  smile 
"i watched \if you really knew me (challenge day)\"" on mtv today    what a change  i actually cried  i wish every school in <propfemale> could get that <propmale> """
my bones are full of glee   smile 
"got a flu shot today  it's a bit unsettling to feel the liquid enter my flesh  plus, i bled a bit more than usual and now there's a <propfemale> scab on my arm  joy   smile "
"this is the part where i say something clever or quote someone else's clever saying  i'm coming up blank  oh, so i'm reading the inkheart series again   i forgot how beautifully those words are put together     smile  pure joy"
politics should just die  because i hate writing about them 
"\why do grown-ups think it's easier for children to bear secrets than the truth? don't they know about the horror stories we imagine to e playful lain the secrets?\"""""
once upon a time i had to run a mile and a half because fitness for life is required in college  the end 
the one thing i miss about high school is that the person sitting next to you doesn't smell like cigarette smoke 
"individual \\in-duh-vi-joo-wuhl\\ [n] : a singular person distinguished from others by a special quality [syn  character, original, unique, one self] "
"as some of you may know, i posted a comment about babies yesterday  i apologize to anyone who was offended by it  it was just something that was said in humor, not seriously  i only posted it to share the hilarity of it because i would never want babies to die, and i'm sure everyone else feels the same way  i'm sorry "
"anyone remember <propmale>'s lab? and the way he said \luh-bore-uh-tory\""? and <propfemale> always wishing she was a fanciful unicorn? what happened to good wholesome shows like that?"""
"colorado, here i come   smile "
it's a barbarity that clarity is a rarity 
"vista security: you are coming to a sad realization  cancel or allow?\pc:     allow "
i love sewing  my dress is going to be fantastic  in every sense of the word   smile 
the sunset is gorgeous tonight  enjoy it kids  smile 
"you know you've had too much <propfemale> when    you close your eyes and imagine frodo baggins with anime eyes  \how do you know when you've had too much <propfemale>?"
"i think i need a movie party in the near future \\ps: i got a job!!"
\maurice and ralston? i'm glad dad got so fun and creative with naming\,68f7f544577605e90ab63f458b400065,"i have aeropostale coupons! they're 30% off (excluding markdowns, of course) and valid between next thursday the 18th and sunday the 21st  even if you don't want clothes, you could get socks, slippers, scarves, or jewelry  let me know if you're interested!"
"i love primary programs  singing off-key, mumbling lines, screaming the right words at the wrong time    ah, children "
can't sleep  writing a book is like having a song stuck in your head and it won't go away until you sing it  looks like i'll have to write before i can sleep   
"life really is a bowl of cherries  it's a really good thing, it's before you know it, and if you take it all at once, it'll just come back to haunt you "
"although it should have been previously known to all, i am a nerd  and this fact is only being further evidenced by the fact that i'm currently awaiting hp7 "
"people are like nail polishes  they're all different colors and come from different companies, but they all smell the same "
i'm very tempted to run outside and consume a very large handful of fresh snow 
been working black friday at aero  i never thought bagging clothes would be so fun  but i guess the people around me contributed to the fun factor! free beaar!!
"so i've noticed that my last six statuses have been updated by text    haha  hello, computer  yes, i still love you  smile  let me wipe off that dust a bit   "
it's december tomorrow  o o
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood! the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
i love being wide awake when my alarm goes off  i should get ten hours of sleep more often   smile 
so much to say    no one to say it to  dear diary   
i got the day off today! i think i'll celebrate with a little <propfirst> kart later   
<propfirst> mouse pajamas!!!
"i have discovered that epic <propfirst> is, indeed, epic  i have also discovered that i still can't play super <propfirst> bros  no matter what the format is "
he laughed  this feels like <propmale> high all over again    except i'm wittier now   smile 
