9abe0a8aef2a08e09f2fd6d90c9cc62e
awesome party!!! the best ever!!!!! it rocked!!  laugh 
"goodbye 14, hello 15   man, that year flew by!!"
"yum, gobstoppers"
<propfemale> is good   in the mouth (my new phrase)  smile 
i like      nachos  smile 
skittles  yum  smile 
"roller coasters go rawr, and fast and weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!"
"yay, i have an inner nerd!!  smile "
"omg, why is everyone dieing?????"
i really bored    sad 
"omg, i have an inner nerd, and an inner dork!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"omg, i have awesome mints! they're so awesome"
let's gather 'round the campfire and sing our campfire song! our c-a-m-p-f-i-r-e-s-o-n-g song!!!!
happy 4th of july!!!
i am sooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored  annoyed 
has some awesome earrings!!!!  laugh 
wish i had a cell phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  kiss (
is kinda looking forward to indiana beach tomorrow   
is sad  kiss (
"just listening to my tunes, wondering what it all means    "
"had an awesome time yesturday, making fun of the unborn w  <propfemale>!!  laugh  that was great!!"
my computer keeps messing up!!!!  sad 
band: an evil organization made to take away teens' summer and make them more obedient
is super stoked for cedar point!!!!!!!  laugh 
has the attention span of a goldfish
life's good  things are falling into place  smile 
why is no one on at one a m!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 with a one on the end: that's our trademark!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
let's all keep it g rated
unattended children will be given an e playful resso and a free puppy
"is sad  kiss ( <propfirst>,,, why'd u quit??????"
remember when we used to count down the hours and minutes until we'd see each other  and every minute seemed like an eternity and we couldn't stand to be apart   
needs some new music to listen to    any suggestions?
saw typhani last night at penn compitition!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
i know i can't turn back time and i know i can't change the past but i can't help but wonder:     what if      
gold!!!!!!1 o what now?????  playful 
it's pretty bad when u wanna punch out a smiley face for seeming too overly-happy
feels like a pile of crap  annoyed 
feels ripped off   annoyed  does no one understand the values of friendship anymore?
is it sad that i don't even care anymore?
loves that anything and everything i say gets changed into something entirely different
"likes hitting the \share\"" button without writing anything first"""
you love me but you don't know who i am  i'm torn between this life i lead and where i stand
can't stop thinking about him    wish we could <propfemale> out    annoyed 
canday is gud in the mouth  playful 
the universal name for black and white cats must be mo
"had an awesome time yesturday yelling <propfemale> christmas at cars that passed, singing random christmas songs while we walked and yelling happy hanaka to the cop who passed by    good times"
"if today was your last day, tomorrow was too late, could you say goodbye to yesturday?"
"oh joy  it's like a 10-foot hair monster developed out of the drain, barfed on me then died, and breaking apart, fell on me   annoyed "
wow  who knew listening to the same calm song repeatedly would make me so hyper????
"yay, youtube  laugh "
let's agree to disagree about agreeing to disagree
"the only thing that scares me more than space aliens is the idea that there aren't any space aliens  we can't be the best that creation has to offer  i pray we're not all there is  if so, we're in big trouble   -<propfemale> degeneres"
wee i'm a <propfemale>! tweet tweet - words of randomness
"awesome random circles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 press: up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter, then left click  yeah, awesome"
i want to tell you i'm sorry  i want to tell you i love you and i was wrong    but every time i look at you my mind swims with what i want to say to you  and i think that you must hate me for everything
"if you and i woke up and found ourselves in jail together, using only 4 words, what would you say to me? (copy and paste this to your status to see what kind of responses you get!)"
getting killed by <propfirst>     there's an app for that  smile 
"so i love how a side effect of antidepressants is thoughts of suicide  yay, let's take antidepressants to get more depressed! sounds like a plan!  laugh "
"<propfirst>, why must u fail me???"
i feel so depressified 
"cuz yeah, we're nerds like that  laugh "
a boat's a boat but the mistery box can be anything  it could even be a freaking boat  you know how much we wanted one of those 
"when people ask if they can help me, i sadly shake my head and say \nope   no one can \"""""
i think i got a splinter inside my tongue ouch     don't ask
"you'll shoot your eye out, kid "
"yay, psyco maniac face!!!! > laugh "
"what happened to all the good cartoons? <propmale>'s lab, cow & chicken, <propfirst> bravo, catdog?"
"if zombies are already dead, then what are they considered when they're killed?"
happy  smile 
ugh  can it be monday already?
a cure for my soleful fries  laugh 
"how about a dope breakdancing flick, my homie"
our minds have minds of their own -<propfemale> tipton the awesome
"my mind: a fail so epic, it's almost a win"
"whenever life's got you down, just think \at least i'm not a magikarp\"""""
pancakes  annoyed 
weapon of choice: spatula > laugh 
bum bum bum        *~muffins~*
sir-washeshishands-alot
actually can't wait for school tomorrow! keeping my fingers crossed
rock and roll mcdonalds!
hanging with the awesomest person in zee world: my unbiological sis!!  laugh 
you just had to shoot that guy   
"and so my head shall e playful lode, scattering my random thoughts all over the world for all to see "
eleventy-seven  laugh 
when people say vacuums suck   is it a good or bad thing?
happy first day of summer vacation!
stalking is an ugly word  i'd like to consider it obsessivly shadowing
what's up with youtube having commercials? if i wanted to see that i'd just watch tv   
repeatedly poking people on facebook    haha    i have no life  laugh 
i lost
horror movies rock  laugh 
true happiness is not out of reach  you just must stretch farther and farther everyday and one day you'll realize you finally can reach and just must go for it~  love 
a wonderful day lays ahead with lovely suprises and words unsaid  love 
once upon a time there was an ugly barnacle  he was so ugly that everybody died  the end
can't wait for tonight  smile 
shouldn't have had a v-8! those things are nasty!  annoyed 
i declare war on life! i will not stop fighting until i have taken my last breath
pop-its make me feel like a wizard!!!  laugh 
"oh, when xboxes freeze the movie     wink "
facebook makes me feel like a stalker     > laugh 
purple highlights!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  came out awesome!!!  laugh 
feels special  laugh  (no not special <propmale>   )
it's a rare and sad day when i find nothing interresting about facebook     annoyed 
"yes, phone, i am aware you're low on battery  i was aware 20 beeps ago!!!!"
you know it's late when you look at the clock and consider it early   
"brother: \what should i sell?\""\",9abe0a8aef2a08e09f2fd6d90c9cc62e,needs to either punch or hug someone    not completely sure yet    but both would be nice  smile 
i like your beard  wink 
just had a change fight with my brother  it was awesome!!!!!!  laugh  fun fact of the day: quarters hurt
"my trust, broken again   who can i trust anymore???"
i'm not a talking tree
hmm    band tomorrow  annoyed  i guess it's not all bad   can't wait to see everyone again  smile 
"band was actually pretty good today  i missed you, <propfirst>!"
"oh, the wonders of bubblewrap ~  love "
skittles!!!! yum  smile 
band camp tomorrow  smile 
just had the time of my life! oh how i love band
i didn't run into the wall!    it looked lonely so i thought i'd give it a hug
"likes starting conversations with \i'm not a talking tree\"""""
satchel!
"if green i was, like yoda i would feel"
"some say everything in life is <propfemale>'s will  if that's the case, if i find this <propfemale>, they're going to be in a world of pain  "
i've found that doing my best to focus on helping others makes life seem so much better
i wish i had the strength to say what needs to be said  i wish i had the strength to do what needs to be done  i just wish i could be a stronger person than what i am
it's not official until it's on facebook
hey you dang woodchucks! quit chucking my wood!!!
"every ending is a new beginning  every beginning is a new <propmale> to learn, grow, and improve"
redbull  wink 
27 pokes   i feel loved  joyful 
happy cornchip toenails that play family feud  smile 
christmas already?? how'd that happen? 0 0 oh well <propfemale> christmas  smile 
"get in the bowl  \-you get in the bowl "
"\there's only one thing i want to change about you\"" he said \""your last name\""  love """
"if something seems too good to be true, it's best to shoot it, just in case"
i can't please the entire world  so just let me live my life
red bull
