7a78400fd38c5e51f3ceebb30b5f224e
"love is like paint  it makes things beautiful when you spread it, but it will dry up if you don't use it "
"according to greek mythology, humans were originally created with 4 legs, 4 arms and a head with two faces  zeus, fearing their power, separated them into two beings, condemning them to spend their lives searching for their other half"
is obsessed with her new phone
appalachian mountains
is home  smile 
is sore 
single girl swag
hydroplaning = bad    very badd
harvard here i come
like a bossssssss
last first day of sacred heart
team <propfemale>
is sick    but not with swine flu
senior retreat!
mosh trust fall     check
live it up    drink it down
was barked at by a truck full of middle aged men
i am    <propfemale> fierce
got 15 hours of sleep
finished her ten <propfemale> paper! woo!
come to life teen at st  <propmale> of rome tonight
ballin - the act of being fly
lsu
"cutt-off jeans, can you get with that?"
sweatshirts are finally in  smile )
is behind bars l l l angola
is sore    but it was worth it
o mater our mother   
lsu
superbowl bound
personal foul     unnecessary roughnessssss
is dancing in the moonlight
no school tomorrow
new obsession = glee
got into tulane woooooo
swimming state runnerup
10-0
gave all her hair to locks of love
why does <propfemale> remove every single tag???
found her wallet!!!
exams    not the way i would choose to spend my saturday morning
has finally e playful erienced what it's like to be inside of a cloud
(500) days of summer
it's a new <propfemale> it's a new day it's a new life for me and i'm feeling good
is eating homemade crawfish <propfemale>
would love to know who put post its all over her car
i believe
what am i? a potted plant?
<propfemale> and <propfemale> are my life
"i may not know what my future holds, but i know who holds my future"
"as we go on, we remember all the times we've had together  and, as our lives changes, come whatever we will still be friends forever "
suck it lakers  playful 
homeeeeeeee
italyyy
"\il profondo mistero di cio che stai dicendo mi infuoca il cuore \""\",7a78400fd38c5e51f3ceebb30b5f224e,uga
sickkkk
"murphy's law: when everything that can possibly go wrong, goes wrong"
"save tonight and fight the break of <propfemale>  come tomorrow, tomorrow i'll be gone"
"today, i watched a student whip out his razor scooter and proceed to his next class  man, those college boys sure know how to get around   "
hanging on <propfemale>     go dawgs!
back in athens
start strong
who dat
90% is just showing up
in new orleans the heart of the city's in the superdome
missing dahlonega    freshley retreat was so much fun
i like it on my desk
"peace, love, and go bulldawgs"
obsessed with red bull    who dat!
how 'bout dem dawgs
whaddup <propfemale>
my room is infested with lady bugssss
snow flurries yayayayayayy
home for the holidayzzzzz
i know there's sunshine beyond that rain  i know there's good times beyond that pain  i close my eyes and i can see a better day    i close my eyes and pray   
"we're all programmed to believe that if a guy acts like a total jerk, that means he likes you"
it's snowing!!! like realllly snowing!
he's like a jesus fortune cookie - <propfemale> mctier
"you know what? just don’t talk about the biebs, okay? you don’t know the biebs, you don’t understand the biebs  or his hair "
