f02d9f6b43a59387f04f1dce1fbf6a10
"i'm gonna learn how to belch  i am so determined!! lol oh, happy new years btw "
need   sleep   
i finally made the choice to trust my father  something i have avoided for years 
busy day  i'm just looking forward to the <propmale> <propmale>!  laugh  gotta love bowling
i have the best boyfriend ever  can't help but brag  ^^
"according to a gaia thread, i'm not attractive at all   laugh  gotta love the general discussion forum  haha"
way way waaay too excited   laugh   laugh  crazy!
"i had the most amazing dream  i know where my life is headed, and what was in that dream makes every e playful erience perfectly worth it  i can hardly wait   laugh   love "
"pain like no other, but i'll wait forever   love "
camping was pretty fun  i know some rather crazy people  d= lol
"so, dump my boyfriend and leave my job for him eh? what a way to make a girl angry  only if i had less than half a brain would i have thought twice about saying no "
i get to see my brother! i'z excited 
a bunch more pics from camping and warm springs trip yet to upload  pshaw! much love~
the graduation ceremony was blehhh but my friends are out of highschool now! (yay) comments pics and i luv u forevar  love 
"blasty blast with <propfemale>, even tho he's only 16 & i'll never let him live it down!! mwaha love ya boi  miss ya <propfemale> (i'ma tackle you soon) and piggy, hope to see you again soon girly   love   love "
movies and then crashin at nya's place again   laugh  don't need sunshine when ya got a sister as awesome as mine   love  sister bacon pawns
orgasmic   beyond   imagination   laugh  damn <propmale> of persia gets unrealistic hopes up! dx
somebody talk to me  text  message  call  add  -much love
long  hot  8 hours  work  that say enough? d= i'm gonna fling myself in that icy cold river!  laugh 
happy independence day!! does my flag offend you? dial 1-800-eat-shit  love   love   love  god bless <propfemale> lol
"i sometimes wonder if life is worth it anymore, when i look in the mirror and think before i know it, \i hate you \"""""
happy to hear from my boi and talk to him  love   love   love 
it's a beautiful day
happy birthday mom!!! you're the sweetest person i know   love   love 
it's <propfemale> birthdai  love  19  love 
thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday  i love you! i had a great time yesterday & this morning   smile 
i'm alive  what more can i say?
"horror trailers make me giggle! ~ adrenaline and speed; can't get any better than that ~ being in the middle of a tug-a-war, not so much ~ boom boom babay !!  wink "
i need someone to <propfemale> out with today! i wanna jump off the corvallis bridge  text call me  love 
bamf! i have way too much energy   laugh  we need a rockin club around here dang it 
took a walk downtown  # of people nailed by cops: 5  # of people that honked: 3  # of people that yelled: 2  gotta love friday nights   love 
 love  <propfemale> nua neamh!  love 
how could it happen? or rather what happened? i'm so happy a smile is put to shame for lack of e playful ression   love  finally broke above the choking water to see the sunrise again   love 
beo laidir - dilis <propmale> bhas - i ndia a chuirim mo mhuinin   can't decide which for a tattoo  oh well  slàinte mhath!  love 
bonfire tonight  yay  finally found the song i was looking for!! [the offspring- come out and play)
"reality, you sure can be a b!tch "
i'm a redhead now betches! =p pic soon
"\if only the lighting was better! i could take a picture of that sweet ass \"" <propfemale> sure knows how to make a girl feel special  thanks love  lol"""
crazy train! all aboooaaarrrrdddd -- i can't wait to see you again moe! i'm gonna tackle you tonight and idc if you don't get home till 3am  lol cuz i luvs u  love 
dance class tonight    meh  i'm wondering if it's actually gonna be fun?
i luvs my moe  so happy that you're back  -- my day was upside down but now it's turned right around   smile 
 love   love  my boi
"so many roads and so little time to discover them all  ever wish you could change the past? look at now like you might from the future, and change the today that will become tomorrow, with a future lacking only one thing: regrets "
"next time i see a missing link evolution picture i'm gonna yell, \i know that guy!\"" cuz my guy friends are better apes than monkeys themselves sometimes  lol"""
we're so ninja  they never even suspected he spent the night   laugh 
"isn't chaos the happening of what you never e playful ected would? did a story ever emerge chaos  then the end; period  let's scramble the brains, though there's no peace of mind in crazy "
"never watch another's step, for losing sight of where your own feet tread  in other words, judge someone else mutha fucka "
"some driver flashed me 10! oh my giggles, i feel so loved now   laugh "
i'm going hunting and camping     woot    smile 
innerlight feat ariga yada- fade away    that song makes me feel like a happy go lucky little kid every time  lol
it's everywhere i see  it's devastation  it's at it's finest 
i'm not dead!  laugh 
"okay, a cowboy hat & boots with my silk bathrobe for a costume   or just a bathrobe and slippers? your vote matters  lol don't vote and you kill a kitten  jk"
my halloween was epic terrible  you all killed a mass amount of kittens btw 
one day can seem like eternity! i'm excited   laugh 
wow  wow is all i can say   surprise 
"i'ma go to the movies tonight  an' i'ma hopefully do something moronically funny to make moe laugh till either he pees his pants or we annoy everyone in the theater  sláinte, amadán!"
"turns out everyone else in the theater was crackin too, so it was a blasty blast "
"\i use big words because    i like to watch your eye twitch \""  laugh """
"really? you had to go and be a douche bag on a buddypoke app? airman, you're such a little girl  i really hope life helps you grow some balls  or a spine  either one would be a huge improvement for you "
"need coffee much today  @__@ even without, it's a good day   laugh "
snow  i love the snow  very much!!!  smile 
i actually get to see geo again  laugh  so excited that it's ridiculous  missed my boi
yesterday was one of the awesome days i wouldn't trade for nothin   joyful 
silent as a witness 
"conventional night consisting of bowling, paintballing, snowball fights, parking lot doughnuts, and crash-landed snow angels  dodged all but one snowball (fear the inner ninja)  love you, moe!"
happy thanksgiving  love   love 
cowgirls are going down   laugh 
happy dose injected into my veins while i was sleeping or something??  laugh   love   love  i want to go hiking or have a wwiii snowball fight 
the lead singer of abused romance singed my panties! lol  love  trapt concert was epic 
"the oppressor, stimulator  i'm a soldier in a blood war, do remember  no illusions, i am everything you always wanted    let it die- ozzy- dubstep"
"if only the sun would rise and oceans dry, i'd walk the lonely <propmale>  if only by grace i kissed your smile, would awake my faith like a child  gah, such a love-sick puppy  i feel ridiculous  haha"
sheesh  i wonder when my body is gonna get tired of coughing and just keel over  @__@
<propfemale> and sprite!  heart-broken 
a continent and ocean aren't too far to cross    are they? that's not tooooo much of a gap for a relationship     surprise 
"ah, so many good laughs and good times   love "
"it's such a bitterness i can't describe  another enemy has been revealed to me  how come i wasn't able to see, another vampire sucking out my life   just wait, wait for the smile i'll have when i pick the world up and drop it on your fucking heads "
"póg mo thóin, amadán  laugh  filleann an feall ar an bhfeallaire"
"i'd wish upon a <propfemale>, if only i could know who you are "
"cronaím thú, a stór  love "
i am so excited! goodbye soon  laugh 
let's hop that plane  love 
"ak, just like montana so far   smile "
"what's on my mind? a stor is on my mind, and i think i'm twitterpated   wink "
sometimes i wonder    i wonder about everything 
he said he was heartless because he gave me his heart   love 
"the only good in my hellish day- i almost caused a 3 car pile-up by waiting to cross the road   laugh  for all the rest, f***k it all!  love "
poking spree: complete 
who knew that a coffee shop visit on a boring monday morning could be so interesting   surprise 
"gotta love it when your boyfriend begins a letter with, \i saw you on here and you are totally hot and id really like to get to know you\"" lol  love """
i am so beat after today  eh  
"love me, ámharach grá  cuz the <propfemale> die hard   wink "
have i found an intellectual conversation?? no way    i thought those <propmale> old things were dead and gone   surprise 
damn it all
last day at my work made me so sad   sad 
"some may die, others be born  and here we find ourselves looking for the difference between actually living life and merely being alive "
took a shower with my baby bird and it was so cute!!
"i need to find a crazy party for tomorrow  if anybody knows anything, hit me up   love "
"i'd prefer no questions, condolences, or remorseful words posted commented  just good things  thank you "
"saol, sult, searc  love "
"so friday night i learned that i have three amazing friends who will quite literally hold my hair back when i'm smashed aka human volcano and <propfemale> me to a couch at 3am  filpiggy, mcconnernonner, and momo, i gave you guys ridiculous nicknames and you still love me  you're the best!  love   love "
went to the duck pond  good idea  accidentally dropped phone in  bad idea  uhhh it's somewhere in the pond now  x_x sooo hopefully i can get a new one tomorrow   heart-broken 
"i hope every single person on my friends list has an absolutely fantastic day, no matter where you are, how well i know you, or what you are doing  we only get to live this day once   love "
did i really just hide from the delivery man? yes    yes i did  lol
