9979033a2fb32ab4ba679f406f76e3d6
loves sleeping til noon everyday! i highly recommend this graduation thing!
why do i watch extreme makeover: home edition? <propmale> makes me cry every time!
so i think i lost my phone last night  this sucks!
found my phone! yay!
anyone down for bingo tomorrow night around 5 smile 0? it could be fun!!
and a couple girl friends are going to see <propfemale> lambert at the <propfemale> <propfemale> county fair in <propfemale> <propfirst>  anyone care to come with? you just have to pay for admission to the fair!
"we get the apartment! the terrible twosome will be at it again  oh, and our amazing dogs   oh, and <propmale>! jk, i love you <propmale>  yay us!"
"so still super stoked for the new apartment, but also excited for <propfemale> lambert tonight! let me know if you wanna join us!"
"so, in the last week i have seen <propfemale> lambert, <propmale> mcgraw, and lady antebellum   all amazing! so why stop there? <propmale> turner and <propmale> <propmale> are play the free stage in hanford on the 8th for a $5 fair admission! i am down for a little road trip! anyone w"
not such a great day  thinking i need some comfort food and a movie date at home with moo!
"is convinced if she could go on cmt's singing <propfemale>, she could win the 10k   i know all these songs they keep f-ing up!!!"
thinks it's time to turn on notebook or twilight (probably both) and clean the room so the packing can begin!
"is wasting her life away staying up late and sleeping in, so i think i am gonna start my packing now!"
still working on her room  i think these boxes keep refilling themselves! ahhhh
"clean room, puppy training, shower, bakari, then back to the never ending mess in my room!!!"
"finally got her roommates to watch twilight, but <propmale> keeps trying to ruin it by trying to make things dirty by saying <propfirst> and <propfemale> are gonna do it in the back of <propfirst>'s hatchback and saying that <propfirst> and <propfemale> are wolves! we're gonna fight!"
"for having four brothers, i sure don't seem to understand boys! sheesh, ready to be shipped off to africa where the only boys i'm worried about are the one's who i'm teaching!!! aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh! when will i ever learn?"
"did you ever take the time to think about who i might be? where i've been what i'm thinking who i love what i've seen  one more car out on the road there you might pass on your way home  someone's sister, someones wife or just some bitch who's probably got no life  (i love love love the wreckers!!!)"
needs some good times this week!
got a new iphone and can't begin to wrap her mind around all the cool stuff it can do! yay!!
"needs a little help  i think i'm gonna buy one of those mini laptops, but i need to back up all the stuff from my current laptop   i have a desktop so i can do it before i get the new one, but i have no idea how to do that or if it's better to wait til i get the new one   let me know if you can be of assistance!"
home sweet home!
"so even though i am home trying to relax, i had 4 hours of dental work done so my mouth is just feeling good enough to talk normally   let me know if you wanna do something tonight since i have to leave tomorrow!"
"is in sac again this weekend! last weekend i was in a lot of pain, so if you have time let me know and lets make it happen!"
"wtf! if you are gonna accept my resume, why do you ask for all of my education and job e playful erience informtain?!? some people have been working since they were 15 and rarely only one job at a time!"
thinks she needs a night out    karaoke tomorrow anyone?
i feel like the flowers in this vase  he just brought them home one day 'ain't they beautiful' he said  they've been here in the kitchen and the water's turning gray  they're sittin in the vase but now they're dead  dead flowers 
really needs a pick me up after these last few days weeks   but i think i am gonna see my mom and <propfirst> and have an amazing night with the girlies on saturday   let's hope that does the trick!!
"i've been going to bed earlier and waking up at a decent hour all week, and not even on purpose! does this mean i really am becoming a big girl? i guess tuesday will be the real test   "
"matt: \let's walk down bubble gum alley just once!\"" tash: \""no! we'll catch a cold or disease or something!\"""""
"i'm the kinda girl that kisses her dog on the mouth  yup, that's right!"
"derick: \devin! when are we pumpin' a carvin'?\"""""
just wached that thing you do for the first time in years! i forgot how much i love that movieeee!!!!
"so, i didn't get the job i was hoping for  sad  but i have other job offers and more than one other option  spain for a year?"
my fucking head hurts!!!
anyone going to the soccer game tonight?
making the playlist for <propfirst>'s 80's party! eeeep!!!!
"hmmm, what to do today? clean up a bit, tutor, pay some bills     oh, i am cohosting a karaoke show tonight! kind of exciting!!"
"excited to head back to slo tomorrow, but where will i be in a month? 30 day notice is in!"
"popcorn, raspberry passion tea, and the sounds of across the universe streaming from my tv  what more could a girl ask for?"
"i love slo, so nice to be home! a lot of big stuff coming up this week! time to see what fate has in store   "
can't sleep! too much is up in the air right now to slow my brain down!
"can't believe these last few days actually happened, but i knew from the beginning how it would turn out, just can't understand why i never trust my first instinct  a new day and new opportunities lie ahead for me, and nothing nor anyone will slow me down!"
excited for the new apartment and a fun filled weekend!!
time to start packing  thank goodness i don't have that much stuff this time around! i really hope this is my last move for a while!!!
"so, <propmale> is adjusting nicely to a nice inside home life with love, but moo is not so pleased he has to share his mommy's attention!"
this rainy weather is making being a bum so much easier! i swear i was on the track to having a regular big-girl sleeping schedule and filling out my aplications again  dang it!
has pretty much done nothing with her whole day! really time to get up and do work!
"alrighty, fun weekend ahead, heading home early next week    things are looking better!!"
so my mom is in the er waiting to get her appendix out   they don't even have a room for her yet so she's waiting on a gurney near the ambulance entrance by herself! i know it's a routine procedure but i feel helpless being so far away from her and pissed that no one stayed with her   she has stayed in the er with us more than once and no one stayed with her!
has to wake up at 6 am tomorrow to take the pups to get fixed! this is not going to be easy! anyone awake at that ungodly hour feel free to give me a little wake up call!  smile 
spent all day biking in the beautiful weather and shopping! i don't know how the day could get much better!  smile 
is getting couches tomorrow! yay for not having to sit on folding lawn chairs that just had beer spilled on them!!!
peace corps application complete! now just need my letters of rec submitted    kinda scary
moo just gave <propmale> kisses!! today is a good day!  smile 
had an early morning and it ran a lot smoother thanks to a special very sweet someone!  smile  very good day so far!
so the boys played for about 2 hours without incident today (really played together!)  before we all fell asleep together! we're still not perfect but it is getting better everyday and i am so happy i didn't give up <propmale>!
way to start the season giants! anyone want to meet me in sf for sunday's game?
"hates when you buy something from the store, get charged for it, but somehow it does not make it home in your bag!! looks like two more days without allergy medicine for me  sad  hmmmph"
"just pulled my first tick off of moo since becoming a dog mommy  it was scary, but i did it without having to call anyone or even google it! i feel accomplished  now i guess i shoud go check myself    wish me luck!"
"yesterday was day 5 of no fights for my dogs, i got a very exciting job offer, and had a lovely ladies night! i feel great and know good things are coming!"
my first week as a real adult wore me out!! so excited for good times today!!
"aw, thanks for all the birthday wishes guys! i am so blessed! can't wait to go home this weekend to see my fam and friends!!"
really thinks it's a birthday cake and wine kind of night! anyone care to join me?
"\1  i love sitting on your lap! 2  i'm gonna go pee    not on you \"""""
is using her one day off to get stuff done around the house  anyone feel like going to the dog park and playing catch later?
so much to do on my day off  let's get 'er done!
"what am i supposed to do when you play it so cool and i got the hots for you?!\lookie who is stumblin, ooh, you got that something, boy i wanna be where you are!\and i'm gunnin' for ya, can't even fall for some other man, cause brother man, you know how to get hip to my heart"
"oh pride and prejudice, how i have missed you! but why do i torture myself so?"
"god works in mysterious ways  gotta drive to sac asap to get stuff taken care of  i know i need to be home, but not excited for what awaits me  i love you big grandpa and i miss you so much already "
wants to run away  who's coming with me?
"so baby hold on tight, don't let go\just hold on to the love we're making\cause baby when the ground starts shaking\you've got to know\when you've got a good thing"
"had an amazing dream about <propmale> (not the dog) last night!! it has put me in such a good mood today! and no, it was not dirty, totally g-rated!"
"today my fourtune cookie read, \birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues\"" aka if men would just keep their mouths shut more often they wouldn't be in trouble as much!!"""
such an amazing weekend! i am a blessed girl!
anybody wanna go to bingo tomorrow?
<propfirst> <propfirst> tuesday night + <propfirst> urban last night x by the giants being on fire = a happy miss <propfemale>!  smile 
<propfemale> is gonna play the free stage in ventura on monday  anyone down to head down there with me?
just discovered <propmale> <propmale> iii and is in love!
<propfemale> tonight!!!!!!!!! eeeeeeep!
(and still ) i don't know what's happening!
had a dream about cuddling with <propmale> posey last night  what does this mean for <propmale> and i?
got my cleats! august 30th could not get here quick enough! let's just hope i remember how to dribble a soccer ball!
need a girls night tonight! can someone please come cheer me up?!?
"well i was supposed to wash my car, but now sushi sounds so good! decisions decisions   "
"live like there is no tomorrow, love like there is not one second left, and count all your blessings until they're gone  ?"
"so much to do these next two days! gotta get ready for my game now, so here's to hoping i remember how to play and don't break an ankle!!"
i scored!!! i don't think i've ever even played forward before! and cause i'm a girl it counted as 2! yippie for me!!!
"well, as much as i hate to say it, go dodgers!"
what?!?!? since when did slo transit get double decker buses?
"just got told i had a \magical smile\""! that's a new one!!"""
"i know everyone is obsessed with football today, but anyone wanna go to sushyia or laguna grill with me to watch the giants game?"
"really needs to get off her butt and do something productive today, but what to do?"
looks like i'm going to the giants game tomorrow  anyone else interested?!?
can we please spread these runs out across more of our games so we can stay in 1st?!?
just bought her ticket to puerto <propmale>!! thanks <propfirst> r dunn and <propfemale> kilpatrick-dunn for inviting me along!
"honestly guys, i love these hit parades, but please spread out the runs  we should not be dropping games to the brewers or cubs  especially not this late in the season!!!"
"2 games up feels good, real good!!!"
"i don't have to worry, 'bout things that i don't have, cause if i ain't got nothin i got nothin to hold me back"
back from puerto <propmale>! can't wait to get home to see my pups!!
netfilx on my phone? this is sure to take my bum status to a new low!
you never lose by loving  you always lose by holding back 
"just put $400 worth of shoes on craigslist  that's what i am selling them for, not what they cost, and those are just the ones i don't wear anymore  hello, my name is <propfemale>, and i am a shopaholic!"
"don't count the days, make the days count!"
phuck the phillies! we're going to the world series!!!
looks like i'm going to be in sac a lot next month! hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> out catch up keep me company while i'm home sweet home!  smile 
everybody hits tonight! even <propmale>!!!
"ugh, too much anxiety and excitement in too many aspects of my life  i need to start calming things down and getting back to good "
"new day, new best quote: \curvy girls do it better  only a dog wants a bone\"" well said!"""
blue cue tonight? i think so!
"2 am and i'm still awake, writing a song if i get it all down on paper, it's no longer inside of me, threatening the life it belongs to"
ladies night tonight!
"keak has decided my bathroom is an obstacle course and she doesn't want me to pet her, she just wants to rub her head on my legs in between her acrobatics  crazy <propfemale>!"
"i know you haven't made you mind up yet, but i would never do you wrong  i've known it from the moment that we met, no doubt in my mind where you belong!"
"the winds of change are blowing wild and free, you ain't seen nothing like me yet! i could make you happy make your dreams come true, nothing that i wouldn't do  go to the ends of the earth for you, to make you feel my love!"
"in every life we have some trouble, but when you worry, you make it double  don't worry, be happy!"
"uribe, i will miss you as a giant, but did you really have to go to the dodgers?  sad "
"(while checking out ratcheting wrenches at sears today) me: \why would you ever need one that big? mine's way smaller and i hardly ever use it  mine's probably smaller than that one actually    that's what he said\"" mike: \""i don't think he would ever say that\"""""
"was gonna talk shit about the giants resigning burrell, but i just read an article about the deal on mlb com and i love him even more than just for his good looks now!"
"so <propmale> was doing his crazy backwards sneeze today, then made a noise like he was trying to hack something up, then just keeled over to the side all four legs stiff in the air! i grabbed him and he started kissing me, then he went on a hike, so i guess he's fine  but that was the scariest thing i've ever seen!"
"looks like rain starting tonight for through the 23rd, so i guess i'm heading home early! sac friends, i'll be in town for over a week, so get ready!!!"
so all this rain and wind is making it seem like there is even less to do in sac  anyone have any suggestions to keep a girl entertained?
"i am the luckiest girl in the world! not sure what i did to deserve this, but sure glad i did it! loving those in my life and all i am blessed with!"
is it a bad sign when you spending you lunch hour of your first day at a new job applying for other jobs? apparently because today was my third day there and i turned in my notice  annoyed 
"i was being so productive, then my vacuum stopped working  must  keep  cleaning   "
"“those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart do not know how to laugh either \ <propfemale> meir"""
the preschool found a replacement for me so i don't have to go back!! yippie! interview tonight  hope it works out!!
"deryn, you are mean! you really shouldn't call <propfirst> a retard  it's offensive to people with developmental disabilities "
what a difference a year can make!!  smile 
anyone interested in going to see <propfirst> <propmale> at the ranch tomorrow?
"for as much as she stumbled she's running  for as much as she runs she's still here  always hoping to find something quicker than heaven, to make the darkness of her days disappear "
off to fan fest!! eeeep!!!!
"of course you can disagree with me, everyone is entitled to be wrong "
"just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have "
"up already, showered and dressed  honestly not even sure what to do with myself this early in the day   "
my aunt just told me i am grounded because i pointed out that i got ided for wine at trader <propfirst>'s and she didn't 
in sac for the week   thinking of checking out the glass turtle thursday night with <propfirst> mcneil  anyone else interested?
partying in sac is so different from partying in slo!!!
"so, is it time for spring training yet? i'm feigning!"
"love me when i least deserve it, because that's when i need it most! (thanks <propfemale>!!)"
how does one get motivated to do anything on a day like this?
has anyone else in slo seen the grandpa on the red motorized bicycle? pretty sure i'm in love (sorry <propfirst>)!
just read an article about a farm supervisor taking a plea deal in a case where a pregnant teen working pruning grapes died because the supervisor failed to provide her shade and water  he has to preform 40 hours of community service  disgusted!
sleeping beauty is the best <propfemale> ever  f*** <propfemale>!
on my way to vegas  way to stress a girl out!!
"has anyone else seen <propmale>'s new facial hair and greasy slicked back pony tail look? if he doesn't clean himself up quick, i may very well be leaving him for <propmale> sanchez, just sayin   "
"when we're younger, we have friends out of convenience  now that i am older, i realize my best friends are the ones that are inconvenient, but i bust my butt to be there for them anyway  funny how things change   "
definitely just saw <propfirst> mchale pushing his kid around in his stroller at disneyland!
woke up to the boys playing in their crate  smile  wish i would have taken the divider out sooner!!
"why'd you call me to day, with nothing new to stay? you pretend that it's just hello, but you know what it does to me to see your number on the phone  so what do you want, what do you want, what do you want from me?"
on our way down to sd for the weekend! so nice to get away for bit  smile 
completely overwhelmed by all of the sweet birthday wishes! thank you all so much for adding to my special day  it was an amazing birthday!!
just cheered out loud at j sanchez's rbi and my sleeping pups all jumped in fear  oops
i've really been wanting to join a softball team here in slo   anyone know of a team that needs a girl?  or maybe if we can get enough people that want to play we can start our own team with park and rec?
on my way to the giants game with my mommy for mother's day  i think she's more excited than i am!!
