167c6365122972d349a4187459656ac5
hmmm     tacos    yes    tacos     
where'd ya go? i miss ya so   seems like it's been forever that you've been gone   
i dont mind where u come from as long as u come 2 me i dont like illusions i cant see them clearly i dont care no i wouldnt dare 2 fix the twist in u    i dont mind i dont care as long as ur here  go ahead and tell me u'll leave again u'll just come back runnin holdin ur scarred heart in hand its all the same and i'll take u 4 who u r if u take me 4 everything  it's all the same   (sick puppies-all the same)
"<(\)"""
o o my brain is throbbing! - - i blame the penguins     freakin' penguins    
i'm sorry i'm bad i'm sorry you're blue i'm sorry bout all the things i said to you and i know i cant take it back i love how you kiss i love all your sounds and baby the way you make my world go 'round and i just wanted to say i'm sorry    i'm sorry baby   i'm sorry baby yeah    i'm sorry      i'm sorry by buckcherry 
i cant wrap my mind around being so old and everyone growing up    stop it!! all of you no more growing up!!!
dying and cutting my hair    right now     what should i do? help!!!!
i hate boyz   they confuse me    and piss me off    and most just make me want to beat them    why must they do this?   
what color should i do my hair!!!!!! pink? pink and black? black? red and black? purple? i wont do blue ever again    i dont like grey hair    and imma do my whole head so it's gotta be good! i really wanna do pink but idk if i should do black too?     help!
chillin at tri's    her and <propmale> as passed out in her bed    i be allllll alone v v pooy    hahaha i'll just play me some facebook games  laugh 
i dyed my hair all pretty  laugh  woot!!!
is really tired    and isn't sure where to go from here    maybe i'll just sleep on it    well    in a few more hours of being bored     =s
this year sucks    can we go back to last year?    i dont wanna grow up    
i love the <propfemale> in wonderland soundtrack  smile  it's almost as good as the movie  laugh 
i told myself i wont miss you but i remember what it feels like beside you i really miss your hair in my face     and i think you should know this you deserve much better than me    ---better than me-hinder
my ears itch!!! o o freaking gauges       blah!!!!  x 2!!!!
 smile  rhi&&austin  love   laugh 
everystarfallbroughtu2tearsagainwertheveryhurtusold&whatstheworstutakewithevery love ubreak&likethebladeustainwelli'vebeenholdingontonightcanuhearmerunearmecanwepretend2leave&thenwellmeetagainwhenbothcarscollidewhatstheworstthaticouldsaythingsrbetterifistaysolong&goodnightsolong&goodnightwellifucarryallthiswaythingsrbetterifistaysolong&goodnightsolong&goodnight~helena-mcr
what's the worst that i could say? things are better if i stay  so long and good night so long and good night  can you hear me? are you near me? can we pretend to meet and meet again and then when both our cars collide   
i love how you kiss i love all your sounds and baby the way you make my world go round and i just wanted to say i'm sorry  this time i think i'm to blame it's harder to get through the days and you get old and blame turns to shame cuz everything inside it never comes out right and when i see you cry it makes me wanna die   buckcherry sorry  
babysitting for 8 hours tonight    i dont know who the survivors will be   i dont think that i will be one of them    i'll just keep thinking of clicks hilarious stories from last night   gosh    what weird dreams i had    lol!
ppl are lame    things suck    i'm tired  annoyed  is it friday yet? =[
"i woke up this morning i thought it was monday and was grumpy until i realized it was wednesday and then i was bummed out that it wasn't friday   curses to the days that aren't friday, saturday or sunday   "
 laugh  woo hoo!! tomorrow actually is friday  laugh  freedom!!!!  now i dont have to wake up and be grumpy that it's not the weekend or almost the weekend  smile 
you press the knife against your heart you say that i love you so much you must kill me now  i love you so much you must kill me now  if i was your vampire       love 
"doyouknowwhat'sworthfightingforwhenit'snotworthdyingfor doesittakeyourbreathaway&youfeelyourselfsuffocatingdoesthepainweighoutthepride&you lookforaplacetohide didsomeonebreakyour  love  inside?you'reinruins one,21gunslaydownyourarmsgiveupthefight one21gunsthrowupyourarmsintothesky you&i whenyou'reattheendoftheroad&youlostallsenseofcontrol &yourthoughtshavetakentheirtoll yourfaithwalksonbrokenglass!"
 sad  no one wants to talk to me    now i'm sad      sad  and there's a scary something or other in the ceiling!!! o o ehhhhhhhhhhhhh not happy  crying 
"stalked a school bus from watertown to good old lebanon where it turned into the gentilman's club hahaha then had a code red bottle in my shirt and walked around town with <propfirst> and <propfirst> and had <propfirst> \snort coke off my boobs\"" while walking  saw dom while walking and he didn't know what was up with my awesome huge boobs hahaha! good night  laugh  pictures are coming  playful """
seems like doomsday's come early this year  the last angel has gone  i cant remember the last time i cried  the last angel has gone  i cant remember the last time i cried          look how pretty she is when she falls down now there's no beauty if bleeding mascara lips are quivering like a withering <propfemale> she's back again!-- feeling the atreyu tonight  playful 
i've had enough it's time 4 something real  i dont respect the words ur speaking     so how does it feel 2 know that someone's kid in the  love  of <propfemale> has blood on their hands fighting 2 defend ur rights so u can maintain a lifestyle that insults his families existance well where i'm from we have a special solute we aim high in the air towards all those assholes who spend their days pointing fingers  fuck u!
ow   ow    ow     two <propmale> after two years of no running   ow   ow    ow    ahhhhhhh  annoyed 
"i dont know how i feel besides the throbbing    i am good, bad, tired, sad, exhausted, nervous, and just plain confused    i think i am off to the shower   i need to rest my legs and my head"
is gonna go make a giant sock and chill out(legs hurrrtt) hit me out on da cell  peace yo!  smile 
if you want me to leave you alone you just gotta tell me you dont have to avoid talking to me completely    really? whatever dood  
i'm sorry i cant be perfect    please dont turn your back i cant believe it's hard  just to talk to you but you dont understand  nothing lasts forever  i'm sorry i cant be perfect 
"sometimes it's hard to talk to you cuz i dont know what to e playful ect    if i dont try to talk to you, you think something's up  if i try to hard to talk to you, you think i'm annoying or suffocating you  what can i do to just make you happy?  annoyed "
ur lipstick his collar dont bother angel i know exactly what goes on!    & will u tell all ur friends u got ur gun to my head! this was all was only wishful thinking lets go! hoping for the best just hoping nothing happens a thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins i will never ask if u dont ever tell me i know u well enough to know u never loved me why cant i feel anything from anyone other than u   
 smile  four more days of school two real days and two exam days  smile  piece of cake  laugh  imma be in the real world! o o scary thought that one day my generation will rule the world    cant wait til 2012 where the world will be saved  wink  ha! bring it on world!!
"phone no work right now    no message after da beep      annoyed   \a day of class and two of exams    after that? party time  smile "
omfg reallyyyy  annoyed  my phone stilllll isn't working    this is going to be a longggg night    and i'm going to wake up with like    100000 text messages  annoyed  fml     f you t-mobile     
woot woot! phone's back up and running  smile        until the next storm    two more days of high school!!!!!
is gonna cannon ball right into the real world tomorrow at 3 surprise 5pm  smile  the world is ours for the taking!
never gotta go back to high school  smile  sounds good but it hasn't hit me yet  smile  wellll i'm glad to be on summer vacation all the same  laugh  gonna sleep in til 3 in the afternoon and not have to do homework  smile  very happy very happy  smile 
don'thanguponmecausei'mhunguponyoudon'ttellmehowtofeellikeyoualways doiknowyou'rerightidon'twannafightisthishowourstoryendsoranewchapterbegins?asthedaysrollbycan'thelpmyselfjustsitandwonderwhywasitsomethingisaidsomethingididmygirlyourwiltedrosesmakemecryasentimentalsignofrejectionasifollowthechordtoyourvoiceasitringsonthroughyourvoiceclearlyreceptive likethedaywemetiknew  
had a good walk with <propfirst> and <propmale> with the puppies and <propfemale> for a bit  got eaten my mosquitos but well worth it  smile  good night overall  smile 
is going to mount olympus tomorrow  smile  very exciting  smile  never been there    imma get me a tan  laugh  bring on the suntan lotion! if not    imma fry like crazy! haha no more pale for me  smile  and bring on the rides  laugh  imma get soooo sick  laugh 
off running  smile  catch you all later  smile 
" laugh  welll! this morning i went to mount olympus & went on a million rollarcoasters, went bungee jumping with <propfirst> & then chilled in the waterpark    smile  i went out to babysit & found out i will be able to bar tend at the baby's parents' new bar  it opens the day after my 18th birthday  smile  so i'm going to have a job straight after i turn 18 & get my bar tending license  smile  now that's what i call a good day!"
is gonna sleep great tonight  smile 
so many scholarships    jeez    i've applied for a gazzillion! i hope i win something    it'd make me feel less of a loser for not being ready for this already    imma need like 5 jobs over the summer to be able to pay for all this  annoyed  anyone have any other sites i could use for scholarships?
good day today  cant wait what tomorrow brings  loving the summer time weather 
this world will never b what i e playful ected & if i dont belong who would have guessed it i will not leave alone everything that i own 2 make u feel like its not 2 late its never 2 late even if i say itll b all right still i hear u say u want 2 end ur life & now again we try to just stay alive  maybe well turn it around cuz its not 2 late  its never 2 late  this song is stuck in <propfemale> head  annoyed  hopes its in urs now 2  joyful 
why are things so confusing    i wish i just knew what was going on  sad 
dont <propfemale> up on me cuz i'm <propmale> up on you dont tell me how to feel like you always do  i know your right and i dont wanna fight  is this how our story ends or our new chapter begins     your wilted roses make me cry  a sentimental sign of rejection  as i fallow the chord to your voice     (disconnected- red jumpsuit app )
dont judge me cuz i like to eat fruitloops at 11 at night as my supper    this is just when i get hungry!  laugh  lol stupid headache    go awayyyyyy  annoyed 
 smile 
birthday countdown til 18--10 days!!!      sad day! i thought i had til tomorrow but nooooo my mom just texted me saying they'll be home around 9     meh! there goes my last vacation day  annoyed  imma miss this   
my phone is broked!!!!  sad  i lost my service  sad  makes me sad  sad  so if i'm not messaging you back and you texted me   that's whyyy  annoyed  stupid t-mobile!!!
who loves likes offspring and can drive?  smile 
my mom's boob is on my head!!!! mooom!!! get offff meeeeeee!!!!!
happy birthday <propfirst>  smile  you know i love you!!  laugh 
offspring tomorrow!! going with zach hoof and <propfemale> mccrory!  love  gonna be fun  smile 
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????this?is?my?brain?24 7????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??i stay wrecked and jealous for this for this simple reason i just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life  ?? my finger on the trigger or me face down down across your floor  well just as long as this thing's loaded     ??
"    how the time passes     how the years fly     i cant believe i'm already 18    it's starting to hit me now looking back at photos from years ago     jeez     o o\"",2010-07-08 04:55:44""",167c6365122972d349a4187459656ac5,can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars   i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars i could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right noww    
just gonna stand there and watch me burn that's alright because i like the way it hurts just gonna stand there and hear me cry that's alright because i love the way you lie i love the way you lie     love 
i remember years ago someone told me long ago i should take caution when it comes to love i did   i did    you were strong and i was not my illusion my mistake i was careless i forgot i did     tell them i was happy  and now my heart is broken all my scars are open tell them what i hoped would be impossible   
"this may sound really strange and horrible but i think i want to be a pole dancer to pay off college and such    lmao i'll have a night job and a day job  hair dresser by day, pole dancer by night     wtf! <propfirst> totally persuaded me  playful "
ok! taking a pole    hehehe umm!! wait! ok! i want to take a pole dancing class! if you think i should like this    i you dont think so comment why i shouldn't  i need to weigh the pros and cons   
so    ummm    i totally dyed my hair bright    red     like    pink fire truck  laugh  lmao it's kindapink tinted    i like it    boy   this is gonna be funny tomorrow morning when i totally forget about it wake up  go downstairs and my mom freaks  laugh  lmao hope she likes it  laugh 
today has already been very eventful    note to self! do not make father laugh when he is drinking coffee   may cause projectiles   
water is for fishes and pussies! i drink nails and glass and then wash it down with dirt!!! you think you can mess with me!?!?
imma moose!
and up until now i have sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness   
 love  i love popsicles  joyful  sooooo  good  smile 
just gona stand there&watch me burn but thts alright cause i like the way it hurts just gona stand there&hear me cry but thts alright cause i love the way u lie i love the way u lie i cnt tell u what it really is i can only tell u what it feels like&right now its a steal knife in my wind pipe i cnt breathe i still fight while i can fight as long as the wrong feels like i'm in flight high off of love drunk on my hate 
yyou're a fuckkin stationn wagon!!! youu just dont understand! you just dont get it!!!
every choice we make every road we take every interaction starts a chain reaction we'r both affected when we least e playful ect it n then when we touched n it
all connected
every choice we make every road we take every interaction starts a chain reaction we'r both affected when we least e playful ect it n then when we touched!
tooooo mmmuuuucccchhhh ssstttrrreeesssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!! > sad 
"just leave me alone!!! if i dont reply to anything you send me, get the hint i dont wanna talk to you  end of story "
"i <propmale> another story  something to get off my chest  my life is kinda boring  need somthing that i can confess til all my sleeves are stai<propmale> red  from all the truth that i've said come by it i honestly swear i thought you saw me wink, no? i've been on the brink so tell me what you want to hear something that'll like those ears   "
is so bored she wants to watch her sleeping fat cat     wow    this is pitiful      annoyed  entertainment?   
?  she dies  at the end of the world or the last thing i see you are never coming home never coming home could i should i?     and all the things that you never ever told me and all the smiles that are ever gonna haunt me    ? if i fall   if i fall   down!  ?
"according to you i'm stupid, i'm useless, i cant do anything right  according to you i'm difficult, hard to please, forever changing my mind   but according to him! i'm beautiful, incredible, he cant get me outta his head! according to him, i'm funny, irresistible, everything he ever wanted!     love "
needs ideas for painting!!! i bought all new stuff so i could paint today because i've been drawing a lot lately    and now i colored it so now i need more ideas    and i'm not moving this weekend  smile  next weekend   smile  one more week to bother people 
painting   message me 
done painting    why do i bother i'm not good at making <propmale>   i'm a musician!  kinda   oh jeez  annoyed 
lonely    
"i need another story  something to get off my chest  my life is kinda boring  i need something that i can confess  til all my sleeves are stained red from all the truth that i've said come by it honestly i swear thought you saw me wink no, i've been on the brink so tell me what you want to hear something that'll light those ears sick of all the insincere  "
i bleed my heart on this paper for u so u can see what i cant say i'm dying here cuz i cant say what i want to i bleed my heart out just for u     love 
r i p  fishy      damn u mink!!!!!!!! damn you!!!!!!!
"have you ever hated yourself for staring at the phone?youre whole life waiting on the ring to prove youre not alonehave you ever been touch so gently you had to cry?have you ever invited a stranger to come inside?\its only half past the point of oblivionthe hourglass on the tablethe walk before the runthe breathe before the kissand the fear before the flameshave you ever felt this way?   "
on my way to <propfemale>    hit me up before 1! and if it's after 1    i'll reply later i suppose ^-^
in mad town all night  smile  if you wanna chill hit me up!  laugh 
so    freakin    busy o o ahhh!!! lmao  i cant wait to sleep tonight  smile  but! i must stay up to at least midnight  smile  just cuz  laugh 
take their life away leave them nothing left inside <propfemale> ur own hav died&theres no more pride <propfemale> ur soul is frozen is tht enough? <propfemale> ur love is broken 1000 times  
hey dad look@me think back&talk 2 me did i grow up accordin 2 plan&do u think i'm wastin my time doing things i wana do but it hurts <propfemale> u disapprove all along 
"maybe i know, somewhere deep in my soul that love never lasts and we've got to find other ways to make it alone keep a straight face\and i've always lived like this keeping a comfortable, distance and up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness\because none of it was ever worth the risk\well, you, are, the only exception    love "
it's a quarter after one i'm all alone and i need you now     annoyed  yes  <propfirst> swift  
when i see your face  there's not a thing that i would change cuz you're amazing just the way you are  love 
i love madison  smile  buyin a soda some guy is about2get 1 2 asks me if its workin i say it is  he comment on my clothes&gave me an adorable top from his new store!  love 
tootally just saw a comorant(bird) catch and kill and eat a fish!!!! coolest thing <propfemale>!!!! it dives in the river to catch fish!!!! sooo cooool!!!!!!
best thing bout tonight's that we're not fighting  could it be thaty we have been this way before  i know you dont think that i am trying i know you're waring thin down to the core   but hold your breath cuz tonight will be the night that i will fall for you over again   love  you're impossible to find   love 
&i wonder if i ever cross ur mind 4 me it happens all da time its a 1 4after1im all alone&i need u now said i wouldnt call but i lost all control&i need u now  
  fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter u r the best thing that's ever been mine    no1 no guy that i've met before makes me feel so right&secure 
in <propfemale>   monday i don't have anything to do    hit me up if ya wanna chill   annoyed 
"you know all the things we talk bout u no they stay on my mind    i'm fallin,i'm falllin, i'm falin down  "
i need ya here but ur always so far away    my heart beats for u beats for u! i need ya here but ur out there on ur own!  annoyed 
i love rainbows    smile  whoever doesn't love rainbows    are terrorists!
thank god the week is done i feel like a zombie brought back2life  cuz baby 2nite the dj got us fallin in love again so dance like its da last night of ur life 
so   there's totally like 4 coons outside my window  eatin compost  yeah i mean really?cant they go eat something else? cute little things up close!^-^
soooo     i got a good pound of hair cut off my head  laugh 
v v bad day    going to bed  night  
i was thinkin bout me  thinkin bout us  what we're gonna be  open my eyes  it was just a dream     if you ever loved somebody put your hands up  
iwasthinkinboutmethinkinboutuswhatwegonnabopenmyeyes&itwasjustadream  if u ever loved somebody put ur hands up! if u find urself wishin u cud give em everythin 
i need you here but your always so far away     my heart beats for you   beats for you  
my coon came back  laugh  they've been gone 4 a while  smile  but he's back or she   o o 1 time multiple   the rest of the times   only 1  so weird  laugh  but! i missed em! love 
til all my sleeves r stained red from all the truth i've said  tell me what u wanna hear something thatll like those ears    im gonna give all my secrets away 
"hey! who wants a free hair cut, i need two female victims and 4 male victims! i also need a brave soul to let me give them a free perm! please! i need victims!!"
gotta live like we're dying! who would u call with your last goodbyes? you never know a good thing til it's gone  turn it all around or throw it all away!(song)
if hippies are all about peace and love? then call me a damn hippie!  love 
    it's by dicks      and mennards!
i was thinkin bout me  thinkin bout us what we gonna be  open my eyes it was only just a dream if you ever loved somebody put your hands up   give em everythin 
these fuckin black clouds keep fallowin me around i'm not afraid to take a stand  everybody come take my hand  holla if u feel like u've been down the same road
i'm starting2believe that the oceans much like u cuz it gives&it takes away    between the devil&the deep blue sea   the open water is an aweful thing  
we shall not b moved except by a child w no socks&shoes except by woman dyin from a loss of food except by a freedom fighta bleedin on a cross4uweshallnotbmoved
so stand up we shall not be moved except by a child with no socks or shoes if you got more to give then you've got to prove put your hands up and i'll copy you 
if you've ever loved somebody put your hands up   if you if ever loved somebody put your hands up  if you were willing to give them everything    
*school*  annoyed  it's now my life    
oh therapy can you please fill a void? am i retarded or am i just overjoyed?    nobody's perfect and i stand accused   
it's something unpredictable but in the end is right  i hope you had the time of your life    for what it's worth it was worth all the while  
please sleep my darling sleep ur death by information wont disturb the peace on distant stars u'll close ur eyes&c me a little death makes life more meaningful 
so much to say so little time4me   it makes sense2u all these things u do u got it all figured out  i cant do anything right u don't no me stay outta my life!!!
have u met ur god? does he know i'm in pain? does he even have any plans 4 me 2 c u again morning sadness oh we meet again pack ur bags cuz we've leavin 2nite  
and my heart hangs from this noose like your footsteps in crowded rooms   catch a glimps from her empty stare   our lives wont mean anything  chapterxiiblink182
"am i supposed2b happy? all i've ever wanted it comes with a price   u said u would die4me u must live 4me2  u said that u would die4me  cat&mouse, red jumpsuit "
i was thinkin bout me thinkin bout us what we gonna be? open my eyes yeah it was only just a dream   i cant think   my love my life   he was so easy to love   
"i'm an aminist    therefore i dont want u 2 send me invitations 2 b ''saved'' on facebook, in real life or in any way  so kindly screw off  thanks!!!"
skill of the day      my bellybutton ring's ball fell down the drain      do i have bad luck or am i just that special that i can manage to do that?  
"i remember our first kiss, the butterflies, i no u felt em too    theres something u gotta no b4 we say goodbye    it is not ur fault it was never ur fault   "
cuz all we've been thru after all this time i'm comin home2u i reach towards the sky i said my goodbyes my love always w  u now i wont question y so many have died
it's raining   and i'm wearing a fur coat   i'm gonna smell like wet bitch for grandma    awesome   
theyll remember only our smiles cuz thats all theyve seen once it dried when we r found r the tears of which we have drown as we were so perfect so happy   
i told myself i wont miss you but i remember what it feels like beside you    and i think you should know this   you deserve much better than me   
time goes by&god knows i try2carry on but life decide not2hide feelings inside even tho they hurt sometimes i forget2remember u its easy2lock away these pains  
howtimejustpassesicantbelievehowmuchimissulifekeeps blowin past us i cant believe that ur not w  me   i lost u in the darkness a place tht i have since become  
howtimejustpassesicantbelievehowmuchimissulifekeeps blowin past us i cant believe that ur not w  me   i lost u in the darkness a place tht i have since become  
i am trying to be what you're dying to see  nothing but no trust and i am so fucked up! let it all burn i will burn first  just let me burn it's what i deserve 
these lies r leading me astray its2much4me2stay i dont wanna live this <propfemale> it goes on endlessly icu so please stay strong ill sing u1last song&then im gone 
we get so sick oh so sick we never wantd all this medication4the kids with no reason2live all we've ever wanted was a place2call our home!weryoung but we have love 
please take me by the hand its so cold out tonight if young love is just a game i must have missed the kick off this worlds an ugly place but ur so beautiful2me
with every mistake we must surely be learning    i look at u all ooooo still my guitar gently weeps   
omfg 5 day weekend on thanksgiving!!!!!!!
what color should i dye my hair? been thinking bout b v or staying at an r o  smile  maybe a level 6 or stay around a 7? i dunno ;p
how wonderful life is now that you're here  love 
i dont even think i could eat the amount you make me want to vomit      laugh 
there ain't no rest for the wicked money dont grow on trees i got bills to pay we got mouths to feed there ain't nothing in this world for free and no i cant slow down no i cant hold back and you know i wish we could no there ain't no rest for the wicked til we close our eyes for gooood
i told myself i wont miss you but i remember what it feels like beside you    and i think you should know this   you deserve much better than me   
color model  need one  something simple preferably  november 20th  text  call  facebook  please?  smile  thanks 
and my heart hangs from this noose like ur footsteps in crowded rooms   catch a glimps from her empty stare   our lives wont mean anything  chapterxiiiblink182 
you know something is going right when you feel as happy as i do  love 
the search is on once more   i need a color model   next saturday     i'll tell you details if you are interested  text or message me on facebook 
when im god every1 dies!without the threat of death there is no reason2live@all i'm wide awake da more i sleep u'll understand when im dead  no salvation marman
rest in peace grandma       annoyed 
and i no its not ur time but byebye&word2the wise when the fire dies    baby dont cry cuz u have my heart@least4the most part cuz everybody's gonna die sometime
seriously! ppl! i need a color model!  annoyed  if no one goes for this i'm gonna steal one of my friends randomly
in the streets u walk u hide ur face    they say it doesnt happen tht often but it's happening right now im writin u this letter so u can cry urself2sleep2night
byebye miss americanpie drove my chevy2the levy but the levy was dry good ol boys drinkin whiskey&rye singin thisll b the day tht i diex2 the day the music died
it's 4 surprise 3&i cant sleep w o u next2me i toss&turn like the sea if i drown 2nite bring me back2life breathe ur breath in me the only thing i still believe in is u
summer air reminds me of feelins of ur love &wat it was lyk when we were together alone walkin along da beach u were <propfemale> far from reach&held me thru <propfemale> weather
helpppp helppppppp does anyone want a siberian husky??????? she's a beautiful dog!! two different color eyes    she just needs a nice home with no other dogs (or cats!!!  annoyed )
"who wants a haircolor this week(end) sometimeeee!! text, message or calllllllll  love "
"time grabs u by the wrist directs u where2goso make the best of this test&dont ask whyits not a question but a lesson learned in time\its something unpredictable but in the end its righti hope u had the time of ur life so take the photographs&still frames in ur mindhang it on a shelf in good health&good timetattoos of memories&dead skin on trial4what its worth it was worth all the while"
 love  criss angel  love   joyful 
fuck migraines    and cramps    just    yeah   fuck em   
"all i wanna do it (bang bang bang bang) and (ka-ching) and take yo moneh!\some some some some i murder some some some i let go some some some i murder some some i let go"
snapple fact 816 in ancient greece throwing an apple to a woman was considered a marriage proposal   awwwwww  laugh 
need a wax? haircut? hair color? facial? manicure? i should be able have ppl schedule for me at aveda vici <propfemale>  first appointment starts the 17! book now  laugh 
i'm pretty sure everyone on the bus thinks i'm a creeper looking at their haircuts   especially the men cuts when they see me staring with a confused look    confidential 
redbull!
need a wax? haircut? hair color? facial? manicure? i am able have ppl schedule 4 me @ aveda vici <propfemale>  first appointment starts the 16! book now! 16082503100
"you want a haircut   you want a hair cut    you want a color and a cut    you need a freaking hair cut now!!! call this and get one!!! 16082503100\noooooowwwwww  joyful  dont forget to request cute little <propfemale>!!  love "
wow this snows bad  cant see a foot in front of me  not  this is bullshit 
sing it4me i cant erase the stupid things i say ur better than me i struggle just2find a better way so here we r fightin&tryin2hide da scars ill b home 2nite   
bleh   mid terms   
ruin is a gift  ruin is a gift of transformation  everything manages to build itself back up again 
 confidential  i'm on the floor tomorrow  passed my mid terms   now the real work  confidential  it's sink or swim  
 laugh  who wants a kitten!?
when im alone time goes so slow i need u here with me&how my mistakes made ur love break still need u here w  me so baby im here now i can breathe  
omfg!!!!!!!i got an ipad!!!!!!! score!!!! thanks mommy thanks daddy!!!!!!!!!
i wanna be there for you someone you can come to i wanna be there for you someone you can come to    flyleaf
if u were dead or still alive i don't care i don't care i don't caree
these wounds won't seem to heal this pain is just too real there's just so much that time can not erase  i held your hand thru all of these years    evenascense my immortal
"my ipad can eat your iphone mom, eat it!!!!!!!"
i sit here locked inside my head remembering everythin u said  the silence gets us nowhere gets us nowhere way 2 fast   but u don't know how 2 listen and let me make my decision  ur insults and ur curses make me feel like im not a person  cuz i'm fucked up cuz u r 
i'm starting2believe the oceans much like u cuz it gives&it takes away    i'm starting 2 believe the oceans much like u cuz it gives & it takes away    
<propfemale> larson is awesome 
dear god the only thing i ask of u is2hold her when i'm not around when i'm much2far away  pictures&some memories will have2help me thru  i'm missin u again  
omg ultra hickups go away!
the governor is an ass bag 
sweet  my mouth tastes like blood    stupid wisdom teeth   
just fuck off!
weird   i crawled into bed at 11:11 on 1 11 11
"can we live a life of peace&happiness? i don't think so!   this is how, this is how it's gonna end, end! every1 is waiting here4every1 leave me alone "
my love always w  you    &w  all these things we do it doesnt matta when im comin home2u&w  all that weve been thru after all this time im comin home2u  
she wears hi heals i wear sneakers shes cheer cap'n&im on the bleachers dreamin bout the day when u wake up&find tht wat ur lookin4has been here the whole time 
 laugh  oh my gosh!  laugh  could this be the end of winter?  laugh  it may! i hear a cardinal singing from a tree on campus!  laugh 
"so here i am, r u ready? come on let me hold u, touch u, feel u, always, kiss u, taste u, all night, always, and i'll miss ur laugh, ur smile   blink 182 always"
holy cheese and crackers batman!! why is there a donut in your underwear?! and why are there peanuts and soap in the waffles?!    the world will never know o o   why has rhi lost her mind? because she hates the snow    hooray for jello!!!  love         and now i want to go to a cupcakary    yes   a cupcakary    why have you wasted your time reading this? because you're just as bored as i am!  laugh   love 
the thot of gettin older&regrettin things tht i have done only1thin made me notice how i failed2keep my precious1&i no tht ur w me always it still maks me cry  
weeeeeeeeeeeeeffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! i got wifi today!!!! thank you @thos and @<propfemale> burke!!
and it's been awhile since i've gone and fucked things up just like i always do and it's been awhile but all that shit seems to disappear when i'm with you love      and it's been awhile since i could hold my head up high and it's been awhile since i said i'm sorry    
there's just too much that time can not erase   you cry i wipe away all of your tears you scream i fight away all of your fears n i held your hand thru all of those years n you still have all of me   
"sometimes i'm a selfish fake\ur always a true friend\i don't deserve u\cuz i'm not there4u\oh, i wish i would b\i wanna b there4u,\b some1 u can come2\swirling shades of blue\slow dancing in ur eyes\the sun kisses the earth\and i hush my urge to cry\cuz i hear the whispered words\within ur masterpiece beautiful\speak the unspeakable phrase\i love u2\i wanna be there4u\be someone u can come2"
look!!! pantielanch!!!!
and crawling on the planets face some insects called the human race lost in time and lost in space  and meaning 
"dear me <propmale>, i suggest you best start your filing for unemployment  because i'm sure my little sister would do a better job  and i do believe everyone at the capitol monday, yesterday and today would definitely agree \sincerely,\<propfemale> janaka watts"
stand up!!! fight for your rights!!!!! dont let them pass this <propmale>!!!! come to the rally at the capitol!!!! fight with me until we win!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"dad: i'm gonna walk around the capitol\me: oooo!! i'll come too! \(protected identity): yeah she's a real walker    \me: (angry eyes in a calm quite voice) don't you ever say that again, ever    "
omg  i just saw <propfirst> <propmale>!
well   i've managed to scream <propfemale> much that i've gone ahead and lost my voice    where'd that thing run off to now   
lithium    don't wanna know what it feels like without lithium    come to bed don't make me sleep alone   wonder what's wrong with me lithium don't wanna lock me up inside without lithium    don't let it lay me down this time   can't break free   anything is better than to be alone   lithium   i'm gonna let it go  
the sun is gone&the flowers rot words are spaces between us  &i shoulda been down when u made me insecure ao break me down if it makes u feel right hate me now if it keeps u alright   cuz i'm so much more than meets the eye&i'm the 1 that u can never trust  & i could have tried&devoted my life to the both of us but i wasted my time when the worlds we had was urs
fight club
i'm so tired of being here suppressed by all my childish fears&if u have2leave i wish that u would just leave ur presence still lingers here&it won't leave me alone these wounds won't seem2heal this pain is just too real there's just2much that time cannot erase when u cried i'd wipe away all of ur tears when u'd scream i'd fight away all of ur fears&i held ur hand through all of these years but u still have all of me
"if you could only see the way she loves me\then maybe you would understand\why i feel this way about our love\and what i must do\if you could only see how blue her eyes can be when she says\when she says she loves me\well you got your reasons\and you got your lies\and you got your manipulations\they cut me down to size\sayin' you love but you don't\you give your love but you won't"
so here we r fighting&trying2hide the scars i'll b home 2nite take a breath&softly say goodbye the lonely road the <propfemale> ride    ur better than me  
&id give up4ever2touch ucuz i no that u feel the same now ur the closest2heaven that ill ever b&i dont want2go home right now  i just dont want2miss u2nite&i dont want the world2c me cuz i dont think that theyd understand when everythins made2b broken i just want u2no who i am&u cant fight the tears that aint comin or the moment of the truth in ur lies when everythin feels lik the movies yeah u bleed just2no ur alive
hey <propfirst>  screw us and we multiply  kill the <propmale> douche bag 
http annoyed  motherjones com mojo 2011 02 wisconsin-scott-walker-koch-prank
http annoyed  kevan org jh rhiannon+janaka+watts
"rhi: im gonnna take u home and feed u and water u and keep u under my bed and take u home to madison!\joc:        im not gonna sleep with you    "
cuz i'm broke     cuz i don't feel like i am strong enough  
#10000 by three jacks is awesome   you should check it out!
"she's coming over like a suicide\and it's the same old trip, the same old trip as before\another over bearing suicide\and it's the same old trip, the same old trip\she's coming over wearing genocide\and its the same old trip, the same old trip as before\another complicating suicide\and it's the same old trip, the same old trip as before, as before"
"you better lose yourself in the music, the moment \you own it, you better never let it go go \you only get one shot, do not miss your <propmale> to blow \this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo\this soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping \this world is mine for the ta<propmale> \make me <propmale>, as we move toward a, new world order \a normal life is boring, but superstardoms close to post mortem"
there ain't no rest4the wicked until we close our eyes4good     give me all you got i want ur money not ur life but if u try2make a move i wont think twice    
the last thing i wanna do is hurt you      but it's still on my to do list    
supermoon tomorrow night! supermoon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
watching as a crow builds it's nest on a used across the street   wicked cool  smile 
the sun is gone and the flowers rot     so break me down me down if it makes u feel right and hate me now if it keeps you alright    cuz i'm so much more than meets the eye    hate me break me down  
"why is everything the way it is     i'm sick of the fighting, bullshit and lying that happens around me  if i get treated how i treat others i never knew i was such an asshole  i just dont understand it    "
