e6e70ae98feac22704c89b64f573997e
is happy it's 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 love 's the movie up seen in 2 times already and is ready to take any one to see it a third!
7 more long days till summer
"oh yay, i am going to to a spelling <propfemale> today  joy"
is thinking that my school system is really running out of ideas in these last to weeks!
happy fathers day ppl!
there's no joy in these kids  that's why every one of them has a myspace <propfemale>! -glee
being part of something special makes you special  wright?
last day of school!
summer!
rip <propfirst> <propmale>  we will remeber you evey time we here a tribute of you or someone brings you up in conversation 
loves camp 
hates the cold  it is summer can't it just be nice out!!!! we already had a horrible winter please mother nature don't ruin my short 9 month summer!
happy 4th!!!!
if this rain never stops i am going to be very mad!
i got socks from life is good for my silver award project  wahooo!
cirque du soliel is amazing!  smile 
loves summer 
wants a good hat  i would love one that is not girly  grrr why do girls hats have to be so anoying!?
is on a camping trip! yay will be back thursday! see you then 
i got a cool hat!
"tommorow is medeival day  i think i am gogin to be a <propfemale>, or maybe a witch  suggestions?"
going to san <propfirst> in two days!
i am either in california or going there  be back in 2 weeks! miss u!
is now in san fransico and went to pixar yesterday and had a blast!
went to alcatraz and thankfully came back!  smile  loving san <propfemale> 
had great dinner  amazing chocolate  solved many puzzels  laughed    good day
miss camp but love travel  why do i have to miss color war every year? san fancisco is still awesome 
misses dunkin doughnuts 
wants dunkin donuts!
a person is a person no matter how small  or tall for that matter 
a good comment should be repeted 5 times   preferably daily-dady <propfirst>
back at home!
i like the heat but what where did this come from?
on team 8-1 mr sargent! who does everyones else have?
summer is slowly coming to an end  noooooo!
went to maine with <propfirst>  whats new? for me    nothing 
 love  summer 09
wants something exiting to happen  now that camp is over i am filled with strange bits and ends to do 
got new glasses yay! they are blue and brown and sparkly  all the things i too keep me satisfied for now 
going to the 4-h fair! yay cute animals!
just had the relization that summer is almost over 
last day of summer '09!
back to school 
i am the type of person who trips over a pebble  boy i am a klutz 
yay it is a long weekend!
got lots of new music! the things that keep me happy   smile 
"is now 13!! hah just what the world needs, another teenager!"
back to school 
loves when there is goof things to watch on  t v!
loves when there are good things to watch on t v!
my bat mitzvah is tommorow! yay?!!!
today is my bat mitzvah cerimony!
done with my bat mitzvah  on to the next event 
i have a new phone! yay!
hates having seasonal alergys 
is exited for things to start up again 
yom kippur!
starts a new swim team! yay!
is swimming 
forgot her love for toy story but found it again yesterday 
is going on the river trip for school  yay?!?
"well either the glass is half full, or you were glasses -d w read"
loves being warm 
had an awesome time in new york!
it's snowing! nooo it's october!!!!!
"is going to andrews bar mitzvah! mazel tov \cousin\""!"""
is auditioning for the music man on tuesday!
"is confused  is is raining or snowing, or both??"
is happy for a long weekend!
is going to becca's bat mitzvah!
is confused by the new facebook 
is a pebble in the sea of dreams  maybe not    
it's almost halloween yay!
"happy halloween! not only do i get <propfemale>, and to dress up but i have a swim meet! yay"
is no longer a pirate 
is amazed by the about of tests i have tommorow  i don't like the end of terms 
had my first (and hopefully last) <propmale> football injury  i got a cut on my eyelid from gym and had to go to the er room  now i have superglue on my eye joy! now that takes talent 
is professor <propfirst> hill!
went swimming today  whats new?
saw fiddler on the roof in boston yesterday it was amazing!
changed my language on facebook to pirate  yarrr!
went to the salvation army during school  it was awesome!
is mature in a spastic kind of fashion 
had the best disney cruise ever! miss you guys!  smile 
is always preocupied with something    mostly ice cream -karoline
is off to another swim meet!
went shopping for my hannakah presents  thanks mom and bubbie!
had a half day even thought it is still snowing 
is amazed by this crazy weather 
"happy hannukah! for the first night ? i got chapstick  yah, thats correct tremble in fear "
got a fuzzy new sweatshirt  go warm!
had a satisfying day  first 4 hours of swimming and then an amazing hannukah party!
is going to a big swim meet  go sea wolves!
loves the little kids who say out loud what you have been thinking all along  (look it's <propfirst> mouse!)
is on vacation!
is going to make cookies with my grandma  yum!  love 
is going shopping! yay giftcards!
is waiting for it to be 2010 
happy new year!
it's a new year  just an fyi if you didn't already know 
wants to be in florida  yay february!
is exited to <propfemale> how to snowboard this weekend    yah  i'm suprised too 
"saw, and loved, the musical in the heights   love "
is proud to say that i cleaned out my room  10 trash bags later     i can get new stuff! love 
"is declaring her love for hot chocolate, my favorite drink ever "
is cold  very cold 
"is having a very full day  first volunteering at the <propmale> wish project, then going to my swim meet, then going to a party!"
is amazed and exited  my swim team is undefeated!!!!! all we have left is sectionals! go sea wolves!
is going to sectionals!!!!
is in disney world!!!!!!  smile 
is loving disney world!
is back home 
is going back to reality (but truthfully wish i wasn't) 
rip joy the happiest little guinea pig around 
whats on your mind?
happy purim!
"saw, and loved, <propfemale> and wonderland!!!  love "
is amazed by the insane amount of rain  rain rain go away  come again another day 
seventy six trombones led the big parade   
"smarter than a speeding bullet, furrier than a powerful locomotive, able to leap tall sandwiches in a single bound! look   up in the sky! it's an eggplant! it's a meatball! it's   supergrover!"
just found out that my first day of high school is also my birthday   
is missing bread   
"loves warm weather, it really does wonders for my optimism "
is home from quebec!
is working on my history poster     slowly 
got new converse yayyyy!
is it summer yet?
getting new clothes 4 summer!
is exited for six flags tomorrow!
"our chorus got gold at the great east festival, and the orchestra got platinum! great job mccarthy!!!"
going to mitzvah day  hooray! (yes i'm a poet and i know it)
the countdown commences    8 days left of school 
is soooo exited for the glee finale! 7 days left of school   
has step and can't go to school till friday   sad  i feel icky  6 days left of school!
"has strep throat,(and can't spell)but feeling a lot better! can't wait for tomorrow!"
just fyi  4 days left of school!!!!
no need to freak anyone out but 3 days  3 days until i am finally done with 4 long years at mccarthy!!!! yes!
2 days  tommorow is canobie lake park yay!!!
1 day 
last day of school!
summer vacation 2010!
omg seeing toy story 3!
is away! see you all when i get back home!!!
is going (or already in) japan! yay!!!! i promise to tell you all about it when i come back!
"is loving tokyo disneyland! and there is this cute disney bear named duffy and a girl bear named <propfemale>  they are everywhere!!!! the even stranger part? they are \from\"" the cape cod part of disney!"""
has officially lost track of time  switching time zones is hard but going over the international date line in just incredibly confusing 
is now in kyoto! yay!
has seen many shrines and temples they are all so pretty and old 
is off to tokyo!
is in tokyo! so busy!!!
hmm that looks like chicken! chicken liver    never again!
happy 4th of july!! say oh and ah for me 
"1 more full day of japan! camp on monday  i apologize in advance, i will be totally jet lagged "
is coming home!
is in california and soon on my way to boston 
is home from japan!
is going to camp tomorrow! cit 2010
camp!
over talia's!!! yayyyyyy!
loves the sun but not the sunburns 
loves pirate day!
needs to think of a new status    
campppp!
lets go white cavemen! color war!!!
camp hadar!
is sooooo exited to go white water rafting!
white water rafting trip= so mutch fun!!!
is sooo exited for the cit overnight!
has painted my nails with 5 different colors  beat that 
i need to stop hurting myself   
last day of camp! nooooooo!!!!!
camp hadar forever   smile 
swim team hell week is well    hell week 
last day of hell week!
can't think of a status  i guess this will have to do 
"sometimes in my tears i drown, but i never let it get me down  so when negativity surrounds i know some day it will all turn around   love  one day "
is seeing wicked on sunday! omg!!!  love 
omg!!! b-day sleepover!!
seeing wicked tomorrow!
last day of summer! tomorrow     1st day of chelmsford high school and my birthday!
shouldn't be awake right now but is     happy birthday!
thanks for all the birthday wishes- i feel special!
happy new year!!!
you know you are in high school when waking up at 7 surprise 0 in the morning sounds like heaven 
is going to the life is good festival! wooot!
"has exactly 200 friends, wow!"
half day! a k a go to school and come back when i should have just woken up 
"\let it go this too shall pass!\"" -okay go!"""
loves <propfemale> bareilles's new album! new music+sam= i won't be listening to anyone for a good month 
omg glee on tuesday!
glee!  love 
just keep swimming   
is going shopping!!!!
glee  enough said 
"wishes to inform the seasons to stop changing  not only would it make me much happier, i also wouldn't have my allergies "
zebra duck tape= best invention ever 
"i'm singing in the rain, just singing in the rain what a glorious felling i'm -clap- happy again!(okay maybe not so happy but definitely singing)"
busy weekend! yay!
bought the phineas and ferb album  enough said 
"d w : it's not real, it's just an <propmale> legend  vecita: what's that? d w : it's a made up story your uncle <propmale> tells you  vecita: but i don't have an uncle <propmale>  d w : there is no uncle <propmale>, vecita! he's an <propmale> legend, too!"
happy halloween!!!
yay! no school tomorrow!
got toy story 3 on dvd!!!!  love 
was so confused  i woke up at 5 smile 0 in the morning and it was light out!! thank you daylight savings time  you really made my day  
is updating from my dad's new android phone! so cool!
got a new phone!!  smile 
manamana-doot doot do do do- thanks dad
"\we stepin' in   \"" go freshman! (fail)"""
thanksgiving!
happy thanksgiving!
i will take over the world one canoe store at a time- <propfemale> hammond  love  thanksgiving!
thank you black friday! the <propfirst> family now has a wii 
chanukkah already what!!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on facebook till monday, december 6th  support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status  guess who mine is!"
"\summer stinks and winter's waiting  welcome to new york! boy ain't nature fascinating when you'se gotta walk?\""-newsies love """
hannukah!
is it friday? yes? no  hopefully!!!!- i want it to be winter vacation 
wonders how she got to be so talented  i scraped myself yet again 
will it really snow?
saw tron legacy! it was awesome!
vacation time! happiness!
got a mini cupcake maker  it is even more amazing then it sounds 
my new year's resolution? think of a better new year's resolution next year 
why does my heat have to go out? i hate cold =p 
little big planet 2 is coming out really soon! yes!!!!!
analogies are to stupid as english is to torture 
thank you very much snow  i appreciate your great timing this year 
no school! that is the only call i like to get at 5 o'clock in the morning 
went to new hampshire on a girl scout camping trip and screamed scenic vista  smile 
"can't remember having a full week of school  well, that's life in new england i guess "
"is wondering where all this snow came from and where the heck we are going to put it  oh well, i love a good snow day!"
more snow  what are we going to do with it now?
"truth is    i don't understand why everyone posts \truth is\"" """
"happy valentines day! (in advance) now, go out sing a cheesy love song, buy some chocolate, and make a complete love sick fool of yourself "
not all roses are red  never seen violets that are blue  it's called poetic license  are you a poet too?
back home from disney world  why does it have to be so cold?
i think the snow monster has attacked  again  how is this much snow even possible at one time!
happy platypus day!
seeing <propfirst> poppins in boston! thats supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious!
half day!
"pokemon is not my life, but it is many other peoples lives, including my brothers  therefor, it has turned into the background music of my life "
happy 44th anniversary pirates of the caribbean in disneyland!
the snow is melting  yes!
previous status taken back  why is is snowing again!
my e playful lanation for this random snow storm? mother nature has a cruel sense of humor  hey new england you think it's spring? hah!
