56606a4d340f044f403ec5dd3d8c3c84
"just hiked 1 mile into the air at the colorado springs incline!  man was that tough!  after that, i didn't cheat like some of them others, i hiked down the backside 3 <propmale>   it hurts now "
"well, picked up a majority of my deployment gear today, man there was a lot of stuff!  it cost about $1500 and the lady said she thinks i didn't get everything because for my location, it is around $2500!  wow!  i'll take pictures and maybe post them later!  we'll see!"
sweet!  this week the **** said we are going to work on safety so there is no work for me to do other than safety stuff!  yeah   oh wait   i'm the accident prone guy   man i'm screwed!
"finally posted some photos!  so no more complaining you peoples! also, manami broke her arm and has to wear a cast for 10 days   that is the big pink think in a few of the photos "
"i love it how people think that just because the roads are icy that they don't have to stop at red lights!  brilliant people, really!"
updated my photos with some recent pictures   they aren't within the last few months but at least not a year old (some of them are though) 
so bored here in afghanistan   my job is just to sit infront of a computer and do nothing!  we have to wait for other people to show up to do our job but waiting sucks!
"on a type of vacation trip around the afghanistan bases getting some learning stuff done, not bad considering i get to fly in helicopters and stuff a lot to get around    laugh \\also, just recently hit the double-digits on my time left, now i have less that 99 days till i should be heading home!"
"in bagram now, getting some training so i don't have a constant internet connection   kind of an interesting trip so far, saw some interesting things and enjoyed the chopper rides   finally rode on a shinuck (can't spell!)   man was it loud!"
"access to facebook from my work area is not working thanks to the pakistan government blocking it for the entire country of pakistan  i found a (non-relyable) work around but i'm not going to rely on it  i'll try and accept friend requests when i can but no games and such  with that being said, if you post a message to me on my wall, i can reply to it via email so please post comments all you want "
"huh, strange but facebook is working again, for now!  lets see if that works out more in the long run "
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to \the republic for which it stands; one nation under god indivisble,with \<propfemale> and justice for all \ repost if you think our country &\",56606a4d340f044f403ec5dd3d8c3c84,"kind of bored of games that require you to have friends to play!  done with fv, cw, and any other one i am dependant upon my friends to help with!  nothing against friends helping, just hate to be dependant upon others!"
the building i live in is getting worked on   isn't so bad except when they are working directly above where you sleep!  even ear plugs don't help!  might have to change my sleeping habits a bit till the roof is finished!
"counting down the days, less than 80 days left till i can hold my wife and daughter in my arms!"
"yeah, nothing to do today but clean up!  so excited!   laugh "
building is almost completed! no more running 100 yards to the restroom!  so happy!
just around 60 days left here in this fun place!  can't wait to get back home!  ;p
internet here sucks!  can't wait to get back to civilization once again!
"happy 4th of july, hope everyone is having a wonderful time!  if you get pictures of the fireworks, post them so i can see them as well   ;p"
"stupid internet is slow here now, can't really do any of the games here   sudoku, a wonderful time filler, alas it is no more for me!"
"kind of cranky this morning, got about 3 1 2 hours sleep   my own fault for staying up so late but was hoping to sleep another hour at least!  stupid fires guys doing a practice mission!"
"in a great mood!  a long time exchange student friend just sent me a friend invite, <propmale> seydel!  haven't heard from him in a long time!"
"sweet!  now i don't have to worry about who's friends with <propfirst>, well unless you let her use your fb account then you're just stupid    laugh   love the block this person feature!   laugh "
"man, this running all the time stuff starts to wear on you    sad   hip is hurting now, is that a sign of old age?   laugh "
"for when i get back to civilization that isn't in the dark ages, what movies am i going to need to watch?  i've heard a lot of people talk about different movies so if you could help out by listing a few to see that would be great!"
"around 45 days left and starting to go crazy missing my wonderful wife and daughter!  can't wait to see them and hold them once again   feel bad for the army guys who will be here 6 months longer than me, 1 more perk for being af!"
"pregnant women are funny to me, you make any comment about weight and they blow up   doesn't matter if you don't know they are pregnant and have never met or seen them, they still blow up for the comment "
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's \not contagious  they want what we all want- to be accepted  most of you \won't copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on your \status for at least an hour? it's special education week and this is in \   honor of all the kids who need a little ex      tra help and understanding  \please post"
yes!  i get to ride in a black hawk!  hopefully have some pics to post later!
loves sitting around doing nothing for about 3 hours to learn there are no flights for you the next day and you could have been sleeping that whole time!  this was from 2000 hrs till 0030 hrs!  i got stuck watching oprah and dr  <propmale> because the pax term guys wouldn't change the channel!  isn't that cruel and inhumane treatment?
"the good part about not having a flight today, i get to visit the bazaar and pick up a few movies!  last airbender, the unthinkable, dispicable me, and a few others    laugh "
"back at fob tillman, kind of glad to be home again   the food sucks but this place is the best around here in afghanistan "
"watched the twilight: eclipse, not a bad movie though some parts were corny "
" sad  treadmill at my current base is broken, now i have to find another way to get some good cardio in   stairmaster or eliptical, hate them both    sad "
"more internet issues now, not sure how often i can get online and chat   sad "
treadmill still broke but the eliptical works just fine!  kicked my but and did 3 1 <propmale> in 29:44 and climbed 3963 feet!
time for my run and then bed!  under 30 days out now (give or take 5) and loving it!
"just around 20 to 25 days left here then i'll be home!  the first 7 months went by fast, why is this last month going so slowly!   sad "
"amarillo get together!  around the beginning of september, i plan on taking a trip to amarillo to visit friends and family, i'll post a date for a get together (for those wishing) to meet up at <propfirst>'s taco (is that the right name?)   just a friendly fyi "
"well, i'm finally home!  now to get the silly things done with work so i can start my r&r and see when i can take my leave to head to illinois!"
"trip around texas and other states to visit friends has to be put off for a long time now, have to fix the house up after a flood from roots getting into the sewer lines    sad   still going to illinois though \\pictures of the 'clean up' will be posted tomorrow "
"i saw the funniest bumper ever today, and when i say bumper, i mean it!  it wasn't a large bumper sticker, it was the entire bumper!  this 70 year old man was driving a prius with his bumper saying obama but spelled out like this, \one big ass mistake america \""  i'm going out on a limb and say he didn't like obama's decisions!   laugh """
home now and planning a trip to amarillo either starting tomorrow or sometime next week but need help   what days work for everyone to meet up for a night of fun?  let me know!
"well, planning to visit amarillo from wednesday through saturday   i figured a night at <propfirst>'s tacos on friday should be nice "
"alright, in amarillo now and wondering what to do first   i do know that friday is going to be a <propfirst> taco day but what is the best time to show up?  neill, you got that answer?   laugh \\also, what is everyone up to the next couple of days?  anyone up for meeting up?"
"sweet!  i have to miss my niece's volleyball game because <propfirst> is going to be there, nothing is worse than having to change your plans to visit family because of her   now nothing to do for 1 1 2 hours, about "
"friday, september 9, 2010, at <propfirst> tacos   my wife and i will be there from around 6 pm till when ever so hope to see a bunch of people!"
"had a great night last night! <propfirst> tacos is awesome!  thank you <propmale> for the wonderful <propfirst> taco e playful erience   thank you <propmale> for the wonderful night afterwards, he helped me enjoy my night of freedom and i met a strangely familiar biker by the name of <propfirst>, which ended the night wonderfully!  the middle details are a bit muddled though i remember drinking a few drinks i never drank before    smile "
home sweet home   no more long driving for a few months!
"when it floods, it floods!  yesterday it flooded again and we had to have the company come out and fix it once again!  this time, we found the problem (hopefully for good) and should have it fixed, we just have to work with the insurance to get it fixed   here's to failed plans due to une playful ected e playful enses!"
"<propfemale> is back from japan now so we are all at least a complete family, even with the problems of our house we are all happy being together "
"february 21, 2011"
"yeah, about $4500 to fix the pipes inside the house, now to figure out how to fix the pipes outside the house without going completely poor!   laugh "
passed my pt test with 89 2    8 more points and i would be in the excellent category with a day off work but damn that 7 seconds extra on my run!  12 surprise 3 isn't too bad but not my best!   sad 
"yeah, snow!  now it feels like it is getting closer to december!   laugh "
<propmale> potter was awesome!
"i hate military tests!  i actually study some this year, take the stupid test, feel like i destroyed it, and find out i bombed it!  wtf!  i give up on military style tests!"
"beware!  tons of snow coming to the colorado springs area!  beware!\\that was yesterday's warning   and today   \\no snow!  none!  what a let down!  i was hoping to at least sleep in a little bit more this morning    sad "
now state and federal agencies should be ok with my name! judge thought it was rediculous that i had to show up to get it done through the court system when i already did it when i joined the military! at least 1 person thinks like me on this!
yea!  got my colorado state license!  now i can get colorado residence and take classes for $400 less a credit!  sweet!
"just got done helping track <propfemale> on his route through russia and australia area   if you or your kids want to get updates on <propfemale>, go to http annoyed  www noradsanta org  or call 877-hi norad (446-6723),"
<propfemale> christmas!
there is snow in colorado springs!  yeah!  pictures and video to come later!
"don't drink & drive & don't ride with anybody who does  tipsy tow offered by aaa: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk self and your car home for free  save this no  1-800-222-4357  repost please"
"strong fathers, strong daughters by <propfemale> meeker is freakin' awesome!  i think all fathers should be required to read it once they have a daughter!  thank you <propfirst> martinez for recommending it to me to read, well worth it!"
the bears whooping the seahawks butts! woohoo!!!
i just signed into gameloft live!: http annoyed  www gameloftlive com! add me as your friend to play with me and win trophies: my username is jwpgentry  and check out gameloft on facebook: http annoyed  www facebook com gameloft!
yeah! punt that ball gp!
sack baby!
forte is literally carrying the bears! can't anyone else help out?
touchdown!
stupid move 26!
"damn, i hate greenbay!"
"sick from something, worse i have ever been! hope its only 24 hois!"
"so, little freaked put right now  my daughter, who loves bath time and loves bubble bath time even more got totally freaked out in the middle of her bubble bath saying she was scared "
"up all night with a sick kid, not fun! good thing i'm off work today "
just made a portuguese soup and a tortilla soup to walk out the door for class and not get a bite if either one! smelled so good too!
"got a new car the other day, traded in the truck  went from 14 mpg to a wonderful 33 mpg, and that is in town!"
"ever need to send a fax but don't have a fax machine?  pamfax is freaking awesome and does just that for you, through skype   only problem is that you would need a scanner or a soft copy of the file you wish to fax   if you have a scanner, then this isn't a bad thing to have in case the stupid company needs paperwork faxed and not scanned "
"i hate my fireplace! i think it needs cleaning  every time i use it, the smile comes into the house instead of out! sets off the alarm and i have to air out my house  ironically, i light a fire to heat up the house and airing it out makes it cold "
"nap time!  having kids ruins the idea of no naps through the day, now they are just wonderful little breaks!"
"need to visit amarillo more often, feel like i am missing so much there  is this the start of a midlife crisis? haha   "
"well, what a great day!  i either broke my toe or just dislocated it!  either way i set it back and it's starting to swell!  the funny thing is that it didn't really hurt until 5 minutes later, now it really hurts!"
"foot definitely looks broken!  tried taking pictures but they were blurry, going to try again later "
"well, x-ray proved it, the toe is broken!"
"shit, why am i going through school to be a nurse when i'm already a doctor?  http annoyed  www gentrypbs com"
"donated to help japan, used the groupon com donation site  if you can afford to help, please do! they sure could use our help!"
"it's daughters week! if you have a beautiful daughter that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
"yeah!  <propfemale> is pregnant!  only a couple of weeks along so no idea what the gender is, can't wait!  estimated due date is around december 21, 2011!"
"in amarillo visiting sick grandmother, leaving either sunday afternoon or monday morning  just an fyi to all "
"at <propfirst> taco, come down if you can  leaving today, very short visit  grandma in hospital but she is doing ok "
parted my hair on the side like i did in hs because the wife 'liked' it that way  now she tells me the it makes me look much older now  isn't that a bad thing?
heading home now 
