aad31b05c12811a5dc6d07c5c1896c3c
i so don't know what to do i need help majorly lol
"never trust anyone that says \trust me\"" most the time they don't mean it!"""
when you like love someone   hold onto them they could easily slip away
life ain't always beautiful or easy  we all need to learn this
when you think you wanna give up things all into place   well for me they do
like it matters
"do people just sit around nd ask themselves \whose life can i screw up today?\"" or do they ask \""who do i wanna make miserable?\"""""
yay! the wonderful world of thinkin   gotta love it  smile )
"i finally put it all together, but nothing really lasts forever i had to make a choice that was not mine, i had to say goodbye for the last time    call me shinedown"
never know what you find out if u actually pay attention (- smile 
you need to get on chat hehe ( : )
hehe jk    i'm like so hyper and don't know why lolz yay tomorro is thursday day before friday yay anyone else as happy as meh lolz lolz  ( : )
drama! drama! drama! gotta love it
to all my farmville friends i need 6 more presents for my tree plz   thanks
why is you can tell someone how you feel and them not give a damn well im sick and tired of tellin people how i feel and them not even show a sense in caring well im through with my feelings for now on
nvm   sittin her messaging rober and tlkin to ean  smile )
how much hurt can one person feel? anybody
one    two    three   what comes after three???
omg your so stupid shut up
save your heart for someone worth dying for (mayday parade)  smile : smile 
i hope you fall in a hole and choke on a pickle!!!
today is gonna be another yea whatever days 
when you think about sayin something shut up its gonna come out wrong
my day was great up until about 6 surprise 0pm ugh i wanna cry
whether you know him or not please keep <propfirst> <propfirst> and his family in your prayers  he ain't really having a very good year so far  just please keep him and his family in your prayers they need it
"i get knocked down, but i get up again  you're never gonna keep me down!!"
when you say ur my best friend mean it before you go and make me look like a liar   
some people are    so freakin stupid
i have super powers i just don't wanna show you!
"i think i'm ready to reveal my \super powers\""  smile : smile """
attention: <propfemale> your a biff hehe love you bunches
i need all the items to build my stable if any of u could please help  thanks
idc what you say anymore  say what you want about me  just know i know your sayin it out of hatred
the more you put me down  the stronger you're making me  thanks <propfirst> and <propfirst>
sat what you want  i dnt care  everytime you kill me  i am born again  the more you put me down the stronger you make me  thanks seriously
say what you want  i don't care  everytime you kill me  i am born again  the more you put me down the stronger you make me  thanks seriously
i cant stand sittin here and listenin to how they treat him its so wrong if there was something i could do or say to stop it id do it in a heartbeat    he knows who im talkin bout too hope things work out for you 
no matter what i do or who im with i always get hurt
lookin forward to a good day i hope
redneck <propmale>  he got a real loud stereo  with a big gun rack  displayed in the back of his pick-up truck  haha  gotta love rednecks and their ringtones   smile 
i'm just so glad you think you know whats best for me and how i can do so much better than [him] well i got news for you you don't know whats best for me and you don't know who is best for me so just keep your 2 cents to yourself i'm sorry    let me live my own life and date who i want to you have no control over me!
i don't care anymore  its whatever launches your rocket ship   smile 
wow i just found out that i do not have the ability to concentrate on the most simplist things wow am i that dumb?? answer: possibly
people stop using big words with me  i take them as insults  partly cuz they make me feel stupid   sad 
wow  no matter how much he hurts u ur still with him wow u must be one stupid chick he done it once he will just do it again ur stupid
i tried to tell you  but you didn't listen  he's gonna do it again  and when he does don't cry to me  its your fault  you're so stupid  once a cheater always 1
so much for being my best friend  do you even know what best friend means
<propmale> you can't make a whore a house wife  but nice effort  good luck  smile   i found my imaginary gold fish!?
"dear boy, i wanna see you hit me  go ahead and do it and see how many people come after you!"
ha  my get on my good side  didn't know i had one of there!  smile 
not everyone couple is meant to stay together  you walk in  you walk out  you find someone better than the last  if you haven't yet you will   smile 
keep talkin your crap  go ahead hit me <propfirst>  get irrate  i don't care anymore 
omg since when did forever and always turn into now and then?
dramatically speaking     leave me alone  i have heard enough from the peanut gallery   smile 
dramatically speaking    shut up!
hopefully its gonna be a good day   smile  we can only hope   smile 
this is pure torture!
well this is fun!
i wish i never met you!
everything that you said was a lie boy  that's the reason i'm sayin goodbye!  smile 
i gotta feeling that today is gonna be a good day    well except for the eoc blah!
i'm sick and tired of being put in the middle of you two  just tell him the truth stop playin with his head and heart 
omg dude you can't sing  shut up! your killin my hearing and the poor chickens
you won't melt  crap floats  stop your crying
"that which don't kill you, makes you stronger"
my mommy is proud of me for making a 100 on my spanish test   smile   love 
angels live in the hearts of those who dare to love  smile  smile 
"what i wouldn't do to get this all over with and him to leave me alone and stop tellin me what i \did\"" that i didn't really do  does that make sense?"""
you can take this president project and shove it its supposed to be a group project and im doing all the work but thats what you e playful ect when your the only girl in the group dang teachers
you is the gorilla glue for my heart   smile   love 
i've gotz the sweetest boyfriend eber!
dude grow a set and then do me a favor and grow up and shut up!
peace in progress my butt  i'm not makin peace with anyone who annoys the heck outta me
"what part of \i have a boyfriend\"" don't you get!?"""
"get mad, call names, call me a cunt, whore, slut    whatever comes to your mind, just know i'm not gonna stoop down to your level  it don't hurt me  i'm the better person   smile  ilyb"
he loves me just the way i am!  smile   love 
i'm not crazy i just look and seem that way!  love 
i'm a banana!
well then    
i just love how little kids freak just cuz its raining oh my gosh we're all gonna die ah boo who! get over it
blah saturday school tomorrow its gonna be a long 4 hours
"life's like a box of chocolates, you never know what ya gone get!   [{forrest gump}]"
been together a month and loving it  smile  [{ily}]
if you don't want people thinking your a slut then keep your legs closed and your business to yourself  we don't wanna know who you did  or who you lost it to 
i love how just because i have a boyfriend i lose a friend wow what cruel people don't they get it? if not then why?
have you ever just glanced at someone and automatically get annoyed or just know you won't like them? boy i do   smile 
me and <propfemale> painting     uh oh this can't be good
wow he sleeps forever
well that didnt last long month and a week was it hmm makes me wonder   
they lol'd me  smile  smile 
back in beebe going to see my daddy for a few if he's home and awake  i love my mommy and daddy
kinda thinkin that i don't wanna stay here again   
almost fell asleep on the trampoline out in the sun  not a good idea 
i love how forever and always ends up to be  never again
"i will be so glad when school is out, so i don't have to put up with all these ________  (fill in the blank)"
i love how people think they know everything 
"i love how when a couple breaks up and they say \we can still be friends\"" but they wnt talk to u  haha be friends  do they know what it means?"""
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now  i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this 
<propmale> don't pick your nose  i'm not i'm scratching  scratchin what? your brain? ya its huge!
wow cats are good lol
hopefully today will be a good day   smile 
benchwarmer! lol this movie never get old!
i am: 1 annoying 2 ur bff 3 amazing 4 crzy 5 retarded 6 ugly 7 beautiful 8 stupid 9 a genius 10 hot fwd to see wat ur friends thnk bout u!
played in the rain now i gotta study study study  wish me luck tomorrow on my tests 
she better pray to whoever she prays to that she don't talk to me like she did yesterday 
yay people with attitudes gotta love em
blah blah blah blah
wow that test was long
wow leave school in a good mood and come home not so happy
waiting on the ol' guy to come on if he be hungry smile  i love you daddy!!
do do do do do do do la de da de do
i'd like to help you    but i just can't help stupid people!!
i'd like to help you    but i just can't fix stupid!!
i'd like to help you    but i just can't help stupid people!!
last day of my freshman year! gonna be there an hour then comin home! hopefully i'll be a sophmore next year!
"i just love how i saw the wrong thing and my \friends\"" delete me  what kinda friend are you if you do that?"""
oompa loompa doopity do i got a perfect puzzle for you  oompa loompa doopity de if you're wise you'll listen to me--the oompa loompa song!
well hmm   blah blah blah
today ain't my day to care what people say or think   oh wait that's everyday!!!
"if you don't have anything nice to say, come sit with me in the corner and we can talk about people together!  smile   love  ily"
you don't know me  so don't judge me  i don't care what has happeneed before  that is the past  this is apparently the future forget get the past  ohmigosh 
today i feel like #?*! don't a blank and a whole lotta other choice words i can't say  #?*!%@?~#?*!
"just gave my (brother's) dog a bath, and it wasn't as bad as i thought  lazy butt just sat there; well untill i let him out of the bath!  smile "
thinkin that boyfriend of mine should call me   smile 
sometimes i think should keep my mouth shut and not speak up of what i feel    
on the phone with my boyyfrandd!!!!  smile  smile 
just because facebook says we're friends don't mean i really like you!!  love  lol  smile 
umm   well idk  maybe i should keep my thoughts inside the head!
i fell asleep and had a dream but when i woke up the saddest thing happened   -->i forgot it<---
"don't screw this up for me, oh wait i'm doin a good job of that myself"
"well friend you could ever take it the hard way and accept i have a boyfriend and it's not you, or you can do what you normally do and go off on me   take your pick, but remember i don't care either way i have become immune to the things you say to me so they don't hurt anymore \--->end of story<---"
"people need to grow up   seriously\--->end of conversation<---"
"really people leave me alone i'm so glad you think you know more about me then me! you don't know half of my life or any at all, so stay out of my life and stop tellin lies on me just because you're jealous i'm happy with someone that ain't you\--->end of story love <---\--->stay outta my life<---"
"kinda wondering how long its gonna take me to realize that stuff that just gets out of the oven is >hott< especial metal type pans!!\--->i'm so smart love <---"
"you say i'ma mess, i say it just comes natural smile   love \--->end o' story<---"
"oh you're cool    haahaa never gets old   smile   love  \--->end of story<---"
"if he can't handle me at my worst, he sure as heck don't deserve me at my best   smile  smile  smile   love  i  love  u!!"
"dear <propfirst>, don't poke me again! lol  love     please   ily!"
gosh i hate stupid people   shh i'm tryin to hide from them  there everywhere!!!!!
i love how you're a psycho tryin to come between me and my boyfriend  keep tryin <propmale>   gotta psycho <propfirst>   where's <propmale> when you need him??
"life don't go quite like you planned it we try so hard to understand it irrefutable, indisputable fact is, it happens that way!! --->end of discussion<---"
omg  i'm tired of you tryin to make me choose between you and my boyfriend  i chose to be your friend  ain't that enough  your guilt trip ain't working  i'm tired of it  i'm done  your just pushing a friend away 
"me apologize? for what? being me? sayin what i felt? choosing my boyfriend over a psycho like you? sorry, but i'm not gonna apologize for who i am and or choosing my boyfriend over you! i don't even wanna be caught up in you and you're threats and your lies   uhh buh bye!!  love "
wow it amazes me how people think they know me better then i know myself 
i'm so sick and tired of people tellin me i'm gonna do something that i'm not gonna do   so do me a favor and leave me alone and stop tellin me i'm gonna do something i know i won't do
"just like my mommy and daddy  make people mad and they block me haha  is it supposed to make me mad? haha it just makes me laugh and say, \oh you're cool!\"""""
"why of course i'm out of my mind, it's dark and scary in there!!!"
i found out some interesting stuff today
i have hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia      look it up  smile  i had to
i love really long words have short meanings; like ({hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: fear of long word})  love  its crazy  smile 
"puods??\ o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? \?uo??u???? s??d????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l\\"
i'm really tired of people askin me what is wrong  if there was something wrong i'm sure you would know
so much for having a good day!
wow it's amazing what symbols can do!???(?_?)???
"nothing is too good\ to be true, you just gotta know what you have  because you never know \what you have til he she it is gone   annoyed "
i love how you find a song on the radio you really like and hope when its over they'll tell you the name    then they don't! i hate this!!
put that in your juice box and suck it!  love   smile 
i really wish people would stop doubting me!
"i love how i go with my friend to shop and someone follows me cuz i'm walkin around cuz i ain't gettin anything  man, stupid people"
frickin 3am n people addin me   crazy people  smile   love 
haha no one would like your status so yo had to  haha that cracks me up!!!  love   smile 
wow i should really keep my mouth shut!!  sad 
"smile today, because tomorrow it only gets worse  hehe"
"giggle giggle, laugh laugh, quack!!"
so i have heard that i am not a nice person  oh well i'm sorry! not   smile   love 
i think you should know this    i hate you  ohkay hate is a strong willed word so i really really really don't like you!  love 
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> is a dork   for sure
{my sister's keeper} by far the saddest movie i've ever seen  sad 
"just thought you should know <propfirst> i don't like your \friends\"" {jussayyin}"""
did your hair get sick of you and leave?
i can't believe you just said that! you cussed!!!
and now i'm thinking two is better than one!! amazing song!!  love   smile 
i wish people would just leave me and <propfirst> alone
paging dr  faggot    dr  faggot
kid you better stop poking me!! you knw who u are
"you wanna marry a fictional character? that's so adorable, not  you need a counselor!!"
i'll be a home to your homeless heart
i think it is so funny how your girlfriend is worse then me and yet you call me a whore? oh you're cool bahaha  it don't bother me cause i know the truth
so there's this guy  he decides to threaten me  does this make him cool or does it make him feel tough threatening a minor?
on the phone with the boyfriend and his mommy
this is a test!!! only a test!
where's the smart geniuses when you need them?
since when did asking why become a crime?
oh my <propfemale>
i love how certain people think they know everything  when in reality they don't know as much as they think they do 
"its not caring  its called hatred, they just sound the same "
"so today i found out i had an \evil eye\"" and if i stare at someone long enough in a certain way i'd scare the crap out of them  lol what a day """
bird is the word
"all these people getting in wrecks and or dying, its crazy"
you've got to be blind if you don't see it     
a guy worth crying for won't make you cry 
"you claim you're hurt  well, keep it up or you'll be real hurt"
wow     that's all there is to say   
i'm sorry you feel that way
how much longer could a book be? geez
       i don't even know what to say
"where there's smoke, there's fire!"
"i built a wall not to block you out, but to see if you love me enough to climb over it!"
how does that make you feel?
i would like to help you out  which way did you come in 
why do people think i'm so mean? just because i don't say what you wanna hear don't make me mean 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis-- ha yaa try saying that 10 times fast lol
you're my bff-- best frenemy forever!
its sprinkling  ha  ain't i observant? and people say i don't pay attention 
you wanna get inside my head? ha you don't wanna know what i think about you 
"*sigh* what a day, what a day "
my skin is my disguise   smile 
"i'm not perfect, but neither are you  i've never been perfect, but neither have you "
"when you finally let go of the past, something better comes along  smile  smile "
i've gotz the most amazing friends **<propfemale> and <propfemale>** and another special someone smile  you know who you are smile 
i won't apologize for who i am 
"i want to insult you, but you are just way too stupid to insult  don't cry because its over  smile because it happened "
make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before 
who are you when i'm not lookin'??
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
ha that was funny  smile  fun times fun times
"darlin, it's not me, it's you!"
what would <propfemale> say about this
"i guess all you can do is point out any wrong i've ever done to you, did i ever do anything that was good??"
i love when people text you and ask you who you are  shouldn't they know you before they text you??
you have been hackedd by aleecciaaasmitthhh  i freaken love you && your colurfull bobbypinss smile 
"how come when something don't go a certain way that person has to turn to \i'm gonna go buy new razors and have a blood bath\"" is life really that bad for some  looks like you could go for a life change"""
i wish you wouldn't remember my number    your my past  stay in my past  why text me now? ain't there people where you live now to talk to?
i just want everyone to know there is a stalker creeper and he is adding teenage girls beware of him
"dear \friend\""",\aad31b05c12811a5dc6d07c5c1896c3c,"can't we all just get along: me and her, me and you, and you and her? our friendship is stronger then that  we been friends this long, why ruin it now??  sad "
how about we keep our personal life uh what's the word? oh yeah  personal!!
ugh! leave me out of this!
old man winter found out that mother nature was cheating on him so now he is super mad!
my favorite game: point out <propfemale>'s faults  we all have faults  why just point out mine?
thank you to all the peoples that wished me a happy birthday   smile 
another excuse  but i don't care  i don't need you!
"you say you're my best friend, but treat me like dirt! what a friend! and you wonder why you're losing all your friends  open your eyes!  annoyed "
"i'm probably gonna lose a friend over that, but it has to be done "
10? facts about you? 1 ) you're reading my? status  2 ) ?you're realizing that's a stupid fact  4 ) you didn't notice i skipped three  5 ) ?you're checking now  6 )? you're thinking  7 ?) you're still reading? my status  9 ?) you didn't realize? i skipped? eight  10 ) you're?? checking again?? and? thinking about why you fell for it again ?? smile ? 11 ?) you? didn't realize there's only? supposed to be? ten facts  smile 
"when it gets tough, is quitting and giving up really the answer?"
i'm done  i tried  i give up on you now      
you can't help someone that don't want help     i don't know what else to do or say to you  
i love my mommy and daddy  smile  now you can't say i don't love you pops  smile 
is blocking me supposed to hurt me?
"i love how people can judge someone else when they don't even know them  \don't judge a book by its cover\"" haha yeah right """
