8b49afb6c3eae94e2a17c0bab77014ad
"sweeeet fucking shit, so much fun last night, haha"
new life goal acquired?
life goal possibly close to achievement?
"kind of hatin on my friends, possibly work tomorrow if it rains, if it doesn't come visit me at my shit job  also: new-new life goal achieved in the form of a sparkly bouncy ball "
"grounded for two days?  thanks, mom "
why am i always up at like 1 smile 0 in the morning for no good reason?
trying to figure out how the fuck i'm supposed to provide cover fire if the fuckers refuse to retreat not matter how much ammo i'm wasting  medal of honor: frontline = fail 
recording the rain and thunder in <propfirst>'s basement  hold shit that was a loud one 
recording the rain and thunder in <propfirst>'s basement  holy shit that was a loud one 
"work 'week' halfway done, haha   come visit me tomorrow, losers   10-4, then excitement to follow "
home for once   anyone know if there's community band tomorrow?
hanging out with <propfemale> todayy
our desperate search for pumpernickel bread has come to an end 
trying to look for lyrics i can use as a status to represent the emotions i'm feeling right noww 
dinner with my grandma tonight  love  then to <propfirst>'s for work all friggin weekend 
dinner with my grandma tonight  love 3 then to <propfirst>'s for work all friggin weekend 
boardwalk to waste money; work tomorrow then party with the family in lavallette 
"umm wow, way to be mature "
"at the <propmale> store with <propfemale>, then home for the first time in almost a week "
"gahhhh forgot that there's nothing to do at home!  anyone who's free tomorrow, feel free to save me from the utter boredom i'll be forced to suffer "
"so where's the love, where's the love, where's the love, where's the love, where's the love tonight?"
downloading shhiiiitloads of music
so i tried to charge my camera battery for like 15 minutes before realizing the battery was in the charger the wrong way
"okay, scratch that   i tried to charge my battery for 15 minutes, then another 5 before realizing it was still in the charger wrong  annoyed   it's not my day, i guess "
"you know, most people who go to sleep at 3 in the morning at least get to sleep until noon   but not in my house  annoyed "
so my old laptop managed to stay alive long enough for me to transfer all of the files and music i wanted from it  sweet shit!
there's cotton <propfemale> in my cake batter 
going out with carmie then crazy nightttsss
"working 10-4, either visit me at the beach or text <propfirst>'s phone to <propfemale> out afterward    and by the way, if anyone feels like driving me home later, feel free to let me know =p"
<propmale> potter tonight (because i'm a loser =p) then sleeping @ cronins!!
"nothing tomorrow, work friday through sunday  annoyed  oh friggin joy "
"ap scores in    3's in calc and spanish, 1 in physics (duh)    overall fail "
"hello housing assignment, fuck yes <propmale> hall, fuck yes room with a view "
"watching haunting in connecticut with <propfemale>, cait, rach, then work tomorrow 10-4, hanging with <propfirst> after?"
oh my god  there will be no sleeping tonight due to fucking scariness 
"<propfirst> sleeps with her eyes open and rolled into the back of her head    it's creepy   regardless, work 10-4 (no shit) then    stufff "
"leaving <propfemale>'s in like 10 minutes, then going home?  no ideaa what i'm doing today (possibly playing a shitload of halo 2    who knows  annoyed ) "
i have classes three days a fucking week  i love my lifeee   love 3
"today was full of adventures, getting lost and driving 45 minutes for a sub-par <propfemale> shop   tonight was full of rainy car rides, half-price apps, and getting freaked out in a park at one a m "
"haha, fuck all of this 'drama,' if you could even call it that   fucking badfish tomorrow at the pony with my bestie  love 3"
badfish was a m a z i n g  and we met the lead singe afterwards  love 3  work 10-4 then 'family dinner' plus one 
"so last night was interesting     love 3 fight club  stuck in beach for at least a few hours today, call <propfirst> if you need me =p"
"hmm, back home for like 15 minutes and already getting bitched at "
"lalala, sitting around all day, then sushi with my grandma for dinner  love 3"
just spent two hours in <propfemale>'s secret with my biffle   love 33
umm so yeah  sitting at <propfirst>'s house    why is there nothing to do in this town?
"we've made mistakes like this, and i'm just learning; and i'm just learning   your face is white in spinning lights; your face is light and cocaine white "
living in toms river is stressful  no power from like 6 last night until 4 in the morning    because tornados are cool 
"work 10-4, then still grounded the rest of today    parole tomorrow, though  smile "
"going to see orphan with <propfirst>, back whenever  smile "
"breakfast with <propfirst>, then going somewhere    we're not totally sure where yet, haha "
"woke up kinda late    wasting away the day with antm but no cookies   dinner with grandma and sprint store, but i'm not getting my hopes up "
my mom is mulching the yard listening to 'if you seek <propfemale>'    why can't i have a normal family?
spontaneous contact!     hanging out with carmielove  love 3
nothing's quite the same now; i just say your name now   but it's not so bad   you're only the best i ever had 
jesus fucking shit my birthday is tomorrow    when the fuck did it get this close?
thanks for all of the love!
"because all great days start out like shit   hershey with cam and carm, park today, blink tonight "
"blink was amazing, yet damp =p  got in at 4 45 last night cus that's how cool kids roll, then woke up at 10 because i'm a fucking idiot   "
"so not only did <propfirst> get a peanut thrown at her by a monkey named pixie, but <propfemale> got spat at by a deer and a donkey within a 5 minute span   i, however, successfully avoided geese all day  score!"
oh i'm sorry apparently it sneezed into her mouth  my bad 
had an amazing weekend  love 3
what should i name my zune?
since everyone else is doing it    9 days!  smile 
"high on painkillers, fucking strep throat   annoyed "
4 days to get better  annoyed 
"3 days, starting to feel better  smile ]"
holy shit    two days    it just hit me!! sooo excited  love 3
just minced <propfemale> after taking my prednisone and didn't cut myself at all! woohoo for knife skills after taking meds  smile ]
stevens tomorrow!!  text if you wanna see me before i leave; out and about all day  smile 
laptop's getting packed away    next update's coming from hoboken tomorrow  smile  i'll miss you guys  love 3
"just ate some yogurt, chilling before heading out to 'undergraduate academics presentation'    fun?"
"keeps waking up at 7 30  this has to stop, dammit "
"home for the weekend, going back up sundayish   let me know if you wanna <propfemale> out while i'm down =p"
so back in hoboken by the way   watching <propfirst> and kumar in my dorm  gotta love it 
"if i don't put these sunchips away quick, they're gonna be gone in like 5 minutes "
"first class calc in an hour, then intro to computer something at noon, more computer crap at 2 then intro to music and tech at 6 15  smile "
"oo i lied, two hours   sweet, first class at 11 =  love 3"
pretty much loving the weather and the fact that i don't have any more classes until 4 45
music department meeting then nothing the rest of the day    wtf free time?
"don't want to sound stereotypical, but i fear i must, cus i miss my baby  love 3"
"didn't hate music history today   hooray!  hour break then calc, then nothing until 5ish   e playful loring?  perhaps "
so we pretty much made the entire 5th floor of <propmale> into a trance party  jealous much?
"update: dance party continuing in room with closed door  smile  attack attack!, nirvana, and techno remixes of everything you can imagine "
"at rider with cait, then back in beach for the weekend!  hit me up if you're around "
"umm so last night was interesting, and by interesting i mean i love <propfemale> and <propfemale>  love 3 haha  sooo much fun!  visiting cammielove at tcnj then back to stevens!"
everyone needs to fucking stop talking about the vmas 
"i love college  heading off to bed, class in 5 5 hours @ noon  note to self: there's a bagel in the microwave for breakfast  smile "
less than 48 hours 
less than 24 hours 
loves being tagged in <propfemale> garcia's status  love 3
so ask me what i did tonight 
you don't even understand how angry i am that my class overlapped with the house premiere and i have to wait until tomorrow to watch it online 
"have the wrong calc book again  grasghsjkghadfgdfa  surrendering, officially   inevitably going to suck ass at the easiest class in the world because i can't do the stupid homework "
just accidentally exited out of 18 tabs on firefox    fuck 
"so i never really made it to sleep  decided giong to a diner in the city at 2am was a good idea   met some interesting people on the path, watched a movie on a laptop in the diner, overall successful night morning "
lololol possibly best weekend ever?
i just lost the game 
1 94 pints of cum is the current world record for amount swallowed  i could totally beat that 
i fucking love my friends 
fuck programming 
less than 24 hours until my early-ass-fucking train gets into beach  love 3
i love having no class today 
"if anyone has skype, add me!: twitcherific"
"grarggg feel like shit, not going to class today   sitting in thompson's room reading mlia? pretty much "
"sitting outside in the cold while i'm sick?  probably not the best idea  talking to tylerlove on trilian, then hopefully doing this essay that was due 2 weeks ago  go college!"
"wow, thompson  not too creative, eh?  revenge will be sweet    and witty "
hookah outside of <propmale> 
finally working on that music history essay? possibly  drinking <propfirst> adams octoberfest? fuck yes  once again: i love college 
"musictech midterm bullshit tonight; cramming for that, figuring out an epic halloween costume, mehh    too much shit to do "
kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke  joyful 
"what the fuck, thompson   way to change my status again  i declare war "
polacks are a lie 
forgot about how amazing emulators are 
"remember, remember the 5th of november  the gunpowder, treason, and plot  i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot "
sitting by a fan while wearing contacts is probably a bad idea   eyes <propfemale> dry  annoyed 
"not enough sleep  annoyed     music history test, then back to sleep, cus i'm a music <propmale>, and everyone knows we don't actually do work "
"<propfemale> is spiting me for yesterday's status   way too much shit to do: tech guys to fix a program, voice lessons, student services, <propmale> lab, class, train   fml "
"donedonedonedoneee with my week! to <propfirst>'s tonight, waking up early as shit to register for classes, then who knows   smile "
"vive y dejar vivir  pero, el amigo as <propfemale> condon en el bolsillo "
no one's online this goddamn early for me to rant to  annoyed 
"it goes in one ear, and right out the other; i'm only playing music cus you know that i love it "
"homee btw   well, at least at <propfirst>'s, which is pretty much home, anyway   bonfire, sleepover with my loves, game in the morning, then two thanksgiving dinners, and finally rest, lol "
"breathe out, so i can breathe you in    and hold you in "
back at school at ~6 30    beginning the countdown to winter break  annoyed 
fuck music tech    for the 4th time in a row    umm yeah  intelligent decision 
"<propfemale> close to being done   one night, then one day, 3 classes, then happiness  love 3"
i like how half of my room is going to be a fort in the near future  this is what happens when <propfemale> has to study  love 3
because cool kids say 'bro' so it rhymes with 's<propfemale>'
watched 11 episodes of lost over the last 24 hours  new obsession?  i'd say so 
"how i wish; how i wish you were here   we're just two lost souls, swimming in a fishbowl year after year "
do not fucking understand how reason functions   fuck music tech   i'm gonna be the only person ever to switch from music to engineering at this rate  annoyed 
because the weekend before finals is a good time to decide to stay up until past 4 playing flash games  annoyed  kinda done with the whole 'school' thing right about now 
is actually accomplishing something    wow  i'm gonna say it's thanks to cky filling my room with sexy vocals and angsty guitar   new favorite band?    possibly!
"\i'm in a toasty mood!\"" - <propfemale> nguyen"""
"i guess it's good that i already accepted that i'm going to fail my music history final  also: skyline looks amazing at 6 30 am, but i'm bitter that i had to wake up early enough to find this out "
"typing an essay for my exam?    and just became a fan of a <propfemale> during my communications final, after being instructed to go on facebook  this is my life "
"hahahahahaha  umm packing, studying, life is pretty good   infected mushroom makes a lot of sense right now   and no, i'm not on acid   love 333333"
slept from 6pm-2am then 7am-11   clearly i lead an extremely interesting life 
"playing flash games while watching <propfirst> play fallout 3   next: snack + lotr tt   umm life's pretty chill right now   thanks, snow "
"it's like a rule that every time i get something pierced, everything in the world has to smack into it the next day   annoyed  ear=pain, but adorable, haha"
"happy fucking new year, bitches  love 3"
"\i always wanted to be a shipbuilder \"""""
wideee awake since 8 in the morning   maybe this 'getting up for class' thing won't be as hard this semester 
i'm    done with class for the day?    already?  what the fuck am i supposed to do for the rest of the day?!
i am officially no longer friends with <propfirst> thompson because he is a smartass douchefuck 
c2gs 
"ashes, ashes, we all fall down "
"missed my train last night, and thus my 9 30 and 11 classes, lol   back to hoboken soon, then fallout until my 6 15 "
"\the highest form of patriotism is to be skeptical of the official truth \"""""
does anyone in the general hoboken area have a spare calculator i can borrow for a couple weeks?
my new hobby is taking the ball out of my lip ring and flipping the ring upside-down 
"i find it unfortunate that 80% of the time since this semester started that i'm at school, i've felt like shit   probably not going to quijong, probably going to sleep  annoyed "
"to see you when i wake up is a gift i didn't think could be real  to know that you feel the same as i do is a three-fold, utopian dream  you do something to me that i can't e playful lain, so would i be out of line if i said \i miss you\""?"""
i am officially celebrating my 10th martian birthday on june 1st 
i have way too much free time; anyone care to suggest some good tv shows for me to download? =p
"\give the fbi your shoes!\"""""
"\you know what you people lack?    whimsy   it's a genuine handicap \"""""
why does no one like snow anymore?
"actually watched the superbowl and- get this- enjoyed it! also, thank you saints for winning  smile "
"sometimes it hurts just as much to see your friends suffer as it does to suffer yourself   remember that i love you, in that non-creepy, platonic way  love 3"
"they're not horses, they're unicorns "
"\why are you wearing a hat that dispenses beer?\"" \""hot tub plus cold beer equals warm beer  hat equals solution\"""""
"started hacking at my freezer with a saw trying to get some of the ice out   20 minutes later, i have cold hands, a bent saw, and a freezer that's still mostly ice "
"\i think it shows a basic lack of humanity to push a monkey    no wonder someone killed him \"""""
i went to the most amazing curling party ever last night  love 3
<propfemale>'s fish is transexual 
i mosh harder than the guys   smile  cage was amazing; i totally groped the lead singer   epic win 
thank <propmale> for soybeans    so tasty!
i love days when it's socially acceptable to wear way too much green eyeshadow 
<propfemale> close to spring break!  i just wanna get the fuck out of here 
getting ice cream with <propfemale> cus we're cool like that 
"\all they do out there is go cow tipping    and go bowling   who goes bowling?!\"" -caittt"""
watching the kid's choice awards with the sister   what fun!
watching south park with <propfirst>   life at home: exciting as ever 
switched to the church-friendly jeweled stud  hooray for atheists going to easter vigil!
happy zombie jesus day!
"\and now i know words unspoken were just broken after all \"""""
probably gonna do some sketching tonight since i haven't in like forever and that makes me a sad bre 
today i realized i actually don't like happy endings 
"so many torrents, so little time "
"\love never dies a natural death  it dies because we don't know how to replenish its source  it dies of blindness and errors and betrayls   it dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness; of withering; of tarnishing \"" -anais nin"""
"\i know the spark inside your eyes was just the match i used to set myself on fire \"""""
mommy's birthday today  love 3
holyyy shit just finished downloading blue sky noise    fucking amazing!  love 3circa 
"\you must be a muneca if you're still standing still \"""""
'the day i pick video games over pussy is the day i die!'- random guy at the inlet 
"\   she put a rottenheimer in his mobile home \"""""
"fuck my life, my torrents aren't working "
"finally backed up all of my music (at least the music from the arbiter) on <propmale>   success! next step: try to get <propmale> to stay on for more than 10 minutes in order to copy all of the old zeppelin that may or may not have already been copied onto <propfirst>     \   sweet lord, my technology is stressful "
r i p  rodriguez  you will be missed  love 3
every afternoon dirty goats bite eachother
"just made fliers to put up in the neighborhood    because dammit, if i can't get a real job, maybe i can at least convince people that i can be useful!"
"just seriously listened to relapse for the first time    holy shit, it's actually an amazing album   oh, and fuck you, i love eminem "
"i should probably, like, go home sometime soon   maybe today?  still have fliers to put up, and an interview at <propfemale>'s secret tomorrow!  smile "
"surprise adventure with the boyfriend, then attending his band practice "
i keep forgetting what day of the week it is 
\what the strag will think is that any man who can hitch the length and\,8b49afb6c3eae94e2a17c0bab77014ad,"<propfemale>'s secret called    training thursday from 11-3   i spy with my green eyes, a job for <propfemale>!  love 3 sofuckinghappyomgfreakingoutwheeeee!"
<propfirst> and i are both sitting in his room playing pokemon (silver and <propfemale>) on emulators   my cyndaquil just grew to level 6  we are losers 
"sicky mcsickface, sitting around watching tv on the arbiter and playing <propfemale> on an emulator "
"dear immune system annoyed please do a better job of fighting off whatever is still making me feel yucky so i can feel better for training tomorrow \sincerely, \bre "
oh lawdy   training tomorrow 11-3 
playin' pokemans 
when the fuck did it get to be 3am?
"just had an awesome day at work  smile  diner foods for late dinner, day off tomorrow!"
fuuuuck  i would feel like shit the night before my third day of work  annoyed 
"\   and say the hard life did this to me \"""""
"work 4-10 today, 5-10 tomorrow  come visit?"
cleaning <propfirst>'s room  annoyed 
asymmetry  love 3
"memorial graduation tonight, congrats you guys!"
"work work work: today 5-close, tomorrow 12-close "
"first comment on this picks my starter pokemon for emerald \also: (and i don't care if i sound like a loser)    ohhh muh lawd, eclipse tonight @ midnight bitches "
four hours until fallout 3's done downloading  i know what i'm doing for the next few weeks!  smile 
"\there's a toilet on the side of the road!\"" \""that is a commode \"" \""    there's a commode on the side of the road!    omg that rhymes!\"""""
"\there were moments when he looked on evil simply as a mode through which he could realise his <propfemale> of the beautiful \"""""
"it always seem like i work constantly until my paycheck comes in  then it seems like i barely work at all    today 5-10, tomorrow 4-8 then no work for the rest of the week!"
haha i win i hacked and win hehe i love you bre  laugh  love <propfemale>
"attention internet: if you have nothing better to do tonight, you simply must come see common courtesy perform at the stone pony  tickets are a mere ten dollars (my that's ine playful ensive!) and the band and i would absolutely love it if you could make it "
"well, it was a good night for a while "
"\guess who else has vertigo!\"""""
"finally starting to feel a bit better, even though i did manage to almost fall down a flight of stairs earlier "
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everybody  smile "
"even though my\vertigo acted up and i couldn't go to gravity hill, i still had an\amazing birthday! thanks to all of my friends who made it possible\ love 3"
"whoever invented a seven in the morning and decided it would be a good time to make me wake up in the summer, you can suck it "
hangin out with my bestie <propfemale> dering tonight! my life is complete  love 
is planning something epic with <propfirst> aschenbach 
"i haven't been getting, like, any texts lately, even when i know they're being sent, <propfemale> umm i guess no one bother texting me for a while "
"\look at me now: i'm on the tracks with my back toward the last train leaving town \"""""
"only good part about everyone leaving for school: i get to see people post things like, \just got done with classes for the dayy!!\"" when i've just woken up """
"mall with <propfirst> for a few before work, 5 30-close today, then off all next week for first week of classes  smile "
"ughh classes start tomorrow  no classes before 2, thank god, but still- i'm actually going to school again  annoyed "
"freaking out because my baby the arbiter is finally fully functional again, with a brand new hard drive and charger  smile   oh, and also cus i get to see some cool kids this weekend  love 3"
"honestly, this has pretty much just been a good weekend so far "
"it's gotten to the point where my dreams are so vivid, that when i wake up, i can't really tell what's real "
aparently i've been playing fallout with my laptop on 'power saver' for the last few days   perhaps my makeshift cooling system was not as necessary as i thought 
"love hurts, but sometimes it's a good hurt, and it feels like i'm alive "
hurt my fucking back and i still have one full <propmale> project and half of another left to do for tomorrow morning  fuuuuun 
cannot even describe how excited i am about this weekend  love 3
groovy uv 
"we're on a ferry, motherfucker, don't you ever forget "
"october is national velociraptor awareness month! did you know that velociraptor attack is the 3rd leading cause of death for men age 27-29? learn all the facts, and protect yourself and your family "
just downloaded eight new scary movies  the rest of my week is going to consist of a lot of converting + burning for sunday 
"\killing for peace is like fucking for chastity\"""""
i almost forgot the fifth of november 
greek yogurt and granola  love 3
"vs 4-close, then sleep-over with cait, <propfemale>, and mr  captain   love "
"\we're ridiculously sober \"""""
all i really want for christmas is a college in new jersey that offers both math and anthropology <propmale>s and the ability to double <propmale> in those aforementioned     that and a pony 
vs tomorrow 4pm-midnight at the earliest  fuck black friday 
watching <propfemale>'s secret fashion show with <propfirst>  love 3
"nope, sorry, body  no time for sleep tonight  too much shit to do "
"still feeling shitty  hopefully gonna make it to class tonight  regardless, class tomorrow until 4, vs 6-close "
my tongue has now become a platform for your lies 
my heart saw the things that my eyes couldn't see
i don't have work until saturday  what the fuck am i supposed to do with all of this newly-acquired spare time?!
just bought a 2 terabyte external hard drive  good use of scholarship money? i sure as hell think so   smile 
stayed up late enough for the infomercials to start up on comedy central for the third night in a row  fuck the infomercials 
"\soon the water starting to boil; now i flinched and we all float face down \"""""
"okay, facebook  first you force me to change to the new profile, then you delete my 'quotes' then you make me change my languages like 5 times before it sticks  fuck you "
is it bad that 4am's actually the earliest i've gone to sleep in the past couple weeks?
probably spending my entire day playing new vegas  who says being sick has to be a bad thing?
why have i basically been sick for 2 weeks straight with like 4 different things? fuck the winter 
"occ all day, class at 2, 3 30, and 6 30  brb killing self "
"seriously, i have to at least start trying to get to sleep before 4am "
"sometimes i can't tell if it's vertigo, or sleep deprivation "
i am wearing a plaxico jersey  i am the epitome of class 
apparently walking around at 2 in the morning in the rain is frowned upon by brielle cops  that or <propfirst> lumberjack smith and i are just suspicious 
"\you're like a hot air balloon    you're full of hot air \"" -<propmale> sandoval"""
spending my entire <propfirst>'s day in class is better than feeling like i have to do something romantic with the boyfriend because society says i must 
i never thought i'd be able to find someone who could tolerate me this fucking long  threeyears love 
i just came out of the mutherfuckin' old school 
sooo i'm officially the worst mango slicer ever  just ask the seven stitches in my left hand 
have you seen my pokemans?
"thank god pokemon is for a mobile console, or i'd never be leaving my house again "
"current party: victini (1 smile , smugleaf (21), sawk (22), sandile (22), blitzle (21), panpour (1 smile   you jelly?"
think my professors would mind if i played a little pokemans in class?
i love facebook  i get to see petty people bitch about stupid shit after a huge natural disaster  glad you care more about yourself than an entire country  my heart goes out to japan love 
just bought soulsilver for myself and heartgold for <propfirst> for when we finish black and white =p
"\i'm the master chief of pancakes \"" -<propfirst>"""
i feel like i'm gonna pass out  i wish i could eat  annoyed \
