411d1dd104fca10c8228eef7794b63e4
back to illinois today
6 days down   3 to go
how did the cubs do it again   haha its about time they were on somewhat of a roll
im going to kick <propfirst> mcglynn out of my house
im guna put <propfirst> mcglynn out of my house
had a disappointing day but what an e playful erience to play with some great players   guess ill get them next time
just got done chillin out by the pool   cookin a pizza then right back in
cubs need to stop playing bad!!
countdown til cancun mexico     5 months
happy 21st aud
back to the hills tommorow   thank god im out of rockridge
all moved in     let the good times roll
really    did we really have to come back to the campus when there was nothing to do????
did anyone see <propfemale> rida mackin on ms  venzuela
man vs  wild              fuck yea!!!
indian hills security cop   2 words for you   fuck you
da bears!!!!
3 nights in a row getting kicked out of the weight room    lets get it together hills
is really glad that i didnt watch the illini get their ass raped by missou    would of made my day worse
just got served subway from 2 drunk women who were fuckin weird
fuck my tv blew up and doesnt work anymore!!!!!!!!!
wanting to ski right now     change it up a bit
just noticed in every local ottumwa commercial their slogan is ill treat u right
tourney tommorow    career fest is feeling in full force for tommorow
done with the hasley cup   once again illinois takes it up the butt by iowa
da bears!!!!
4 picks cutler??? really
got my passport for cancun!! only 3 months left
i hate biology     what is the point of it
bear grylls nearly dies from a log breaking 50 feet off the ground     dodges a ship   what can stop him??
its the weekend!!!!!hell yea
down in kansas     middle of nowhere
coach hagen: all just a bunch of pussies
that was the worst conditions ive ever played in
welcome to the good life    its the weekend
watchin the office    fuckin brilliant
there was no fire alarm last night!!!!haha
even though im not a lions fan      its about time they wina game
stressed out from all the homework     shouldnt of procrastinated
get some!!!!!!!!!!
if i fall if if die know i lived the fullest   if i fall if i died know i missed them missin bullets   im on the pursit of happyiness ill be fine once i get it in
really needs to learn to log off his computer
hahaha    out in the cold with a few brews in me      love it
4 hours of biology     woopie
oh yes its the weekend   now i dont have class til next thursday     thank god
all that money lil <propmale> has made off of drugs and guns is guna buy him a husband in prison      what an idiot
im on the pursuit of happiness   ill be fine once i get it in   ill be good    tell me what u know bout dreamin
all the crazy s&@* i did tonight    those will be the best memories
the high life is about celebrating not seperating
ready for another one of monsons hellish workouts
finally its the weekend
bulls win    good start
countdown to beers and deers   10 days
im feelin a sleepless night
five day weekend    nice
workout     watch tv    typical life at hills
goin to spain this summer    very nice
its guna be a good day tator
7 hours in the stand     not a single deer shows up
<propfirst> gould is the bears best player by far     quite sad
oh college  how u are getting really old
deers and beers part 2 this weekend     miss iowa next weekend    not a bad two weeks
18 days til out of the cold and off to cancun
holy sh@% show last night
goin to ames today for miss iowa     good luck k doe
tired of the homework     break cant be here soon enough
one day until skiing   its about time
round 2 tonight
goin skiing
lost my wallet skiing ugh
havin christmas with the family   guna have my toes in the water ass in the sand in 3 days
cancun tommorow
1800   burn it   burn it!!!
back to hills   no more 85 degree days for a few months
just caught hypothermia in my dorm room
night classes cancelled   ready to get this week over and go skiing
watchin nip tuck
did someone say beers??
bama!!
well stayin at hills for the weekend
bored out of my mind
geekin
intramurals tonight
5 <propfemale>  in the stand      all it took
layin back listening to some goo goo dolls    cant be bothered
goin to south <propfemale> tommorow to see <propmale> and chelle hopefully its goin to be warm there
hahahaha what a good night
leavin for south <propfemale> today whoop whoop
fml today
weekend at hills     what to do??
x games tonight!!
<propfirst> white is the man!
bout to watch the x games    see if <propfirst> white can win three in a row
the buried life
time to dominate at some intramural b-ball
getting really tired of procrastinating
its time to make a trip i think to arizona
ready for next weekend to be here already
let it snow   and hopefully not have school tommorow
going to ic tommorow!!
bday weekend up in iowa city about to start
lettin the fists fly in ic!
thanks for the bday wishes everybody
come on <propfirst> white!
tiger woods should not be apologizing for being p  i  m  p
ready for ill st  this weekend!!!
back here at this hell hole full of snow
is ready for sunday to be here and to be down in texas!
is 84 good??
finally back in iowa after a long week in texas
its time for a new computer
"wind, rain     u know it spring golf"
lookin forward to spending spring break in mississippi
hey chicago what do u say the cubs are going to win today
watching womens basketball     frankly id rather watch paint dry
back in o-town after a good week in illinois
come on <propfirst>!!!
cant wait to go out on the river in my parents new boat
once it hits ur lips it tastes so good!
is a 29 shot lead after the first round good?
obama why are you coming to hills while i wont be here?
coach hagen: were guna slit their throats and tear out their hearts and stomp on them lol
dollar pitchers+iowa city=one epic night
only 2 days left and then goodbye hills its been fun
goodbye hills its been great
been in moline airport since 430 this morning feeling the after effects of a long night lol
life    i need to figure you out
watchin the waterboy maybe one of the best movies of all time
golf course then to menards now back to fishing
nothin worse than driving and a big wolf spider crawls up your leg and then freak out in the middle of the road while dodging traffic   yes i just got done doing that
illinois today spain tommorow!!!!
holding the american flag tonight was something that i will never forget!!
cant wait to get back to the states    i really hate antequa golf
now that the tournament is over let the beer fest begin!!!!
good to be back home from the long trip over to spain
seems like a good day to be on the river
watchin half baked    great movie
alright rain thats enough
all signed up for the jdc qualifer now to pull out some rounds
going boating for the afternoon!
its guna be a messy night tonight
summer needs to last forever
late night munchies
missin keokuk room 103
bout to end this current 7 game losing streak in pool ball     well if i lose it doesnt matter plenty of booze with the friends
i think the tiger woods <propfemale> just might be over
hangin out by the pool
needs to be out on the river very soon
listening to samie adams    hes the man to say the least
golfing and boating tommorow im living the good life
thursday night can not be here soon enough
i'm <propmale> burgandy??
here we go
sleep sounds good
nothing feels better than winning
"\if you dont like lighthouses you suck\"""""
going to get another car     so  long grocery getter lol
less than a week left in illinois then off to south <propfemale>
going to be an epic night
last day in illinois     its been a good ride
beer pong having different rules here in the south         not a fan
school starting today      i really could of used a few more days of summer
procrastinating     nothings changed
what i would do to go boating right now
what is pain          french bread
tv sounds so much better than playing golf at the moment
heading up to maryland   first acc tourney
well ill be seeing you illinois in june instead of april                 which is fine
bears vs packers      i think thats a little more important than reading a text book
living at the library today     not how i pictured today
wendys giving out free ice cream    legit
thanks for the free point <propfirst>
leaving for nc state tourney tommorow
going to the alabama south <propfemale> game on saturday
drove back from columbia at 5 in the morning   im wrecked for the rest of the day
its going to be a rough two months not going to a golf course
"jackass 3d tonight, that's fine"
hates working on ten <propfemale> papers    cant wait to be done with english
watching the new season of the inbetweeners
hit the links for the first time today for a while     to bad i had to pay
going to an alcohol class tonight     why cant <propfemale> be like every other country and have the legal age at 18?
only another month left til im back in the qc    counting the days down
strength and honor
stepped on an ant hill today didnt even notice the 100 ants on my legs until they all stung    worst pain ever
thirsty thursday couldnt come at a better time
charleston for the weekend!
decision to make this week or next=stressful
needs another fall break because the first wasnt enough
tripped and fell down on the last few steps of a stairway     thank god no one was around to see an epic fail
going to be a leatherneck next semester!
needs a nap desperatly after a great night last night     <propfirst> morrison you will be missed
"my apartment literally smells of <propmale> mahoganey, now i just need the leatherbound books"
tgif and im out of class
manny pac=greatness
is that gunshots i hear firing outside of my dorm room    love living in a neighborhood where all they want for christmas are the charges dropped
going to the links to practice a bit on the short game
"relax people, monday night football is on tonight"
"listening to cudi, cant be bothered with anything tonight"
going to usc vs  <propfirst> tomorrow   then <propfemale> and matts bday   sets up for one more epic day
im sorry liver but today isnt over
only a few more days until break!!
transcripts are finally taken care of    cant wait to play some competitve golf again next semester
getting ready to fly back home
home and ready for a few great days
food poisoning in atlanta airport      lovely
anyone intersted in buying a set of mizuno irons for 100 bucks??
tiger actually has a lead again hes prob going to reward himself with a prostitute after the round     good to have u back tiger
16-1 for beer pong for the night    ran the table  needless to say i rock
this weekend wasnt a bad way to go out   only one more week of finals then peace out florence   we had some great times
traded the ap2s for a set of nike vs      best decision of my life
pumping the calories    ive been worthless all week
alright i think its time to play the <propfirst> game for the hell of it
studying hard<procrastinating
i swear to god if the people downstairs dont stop playing their rap at full volume im going to do the ultimate tweak on them
congrats to my big sis and <propfirst> for becoming engaged   ur wedding is going to be crazy!
last round in sc today   then heading home on monday   looking foward to absoltely no school for over a month and hanging out with a few great friends
ready to get the last final over with
doing the last final and then coming home    then up to macomb
finally visiting westerns campus and the new apartment tomorrow
time to hit the slopes!
tin cup
<propfirst> <propfemale> ur my hero
wall street was unreal
finally hunting season tomorrow
about to watch <propfirst>y <propfirst> snipe some people
hopefully not going to break a leg skiing today
just made plans to head to ottumwa next week
don't be silly <propfirst> peterson
wow oregon you suck at running the ball tonight
great     dog just barfed on my foot
one month to the day until freedom!!
got that really bad itch to get back out on the course
finally heading to macomb tomorrow!!
hello   how bout that ride in? i guess thats y they call it sin city
this weekend cant get here soon enough
tgif
connor gillund= the man
nothing like <propmale> iv to start the day
"hey chicago what do u say, them bears are going to win today"
thank god monday is over   goin back to bed
didnt realize how the road right on campus is like real life frogger
42 00 dollar parking ticket   for having my sticker in the back of my car than the front   are you serious wiu parking cop??
its five o clock somewhere
going to be in vegas on my 21st bday   but since we have a practice round the next day i cant celebrate there      torture
can it be feb 19th yet??
look out <propfirst> kaymer and <propfirst> westwood cause tiger is going to take back number one before the masters
14 inches of snow is supposed to fall with 40 mph winds   i guess a short week would be alright
vegas trip really needs to get here asap
alright western another day off would be useful
vegas one week   21st bday party the next   its going to be a good february!
new tosh 0!!
weekend is finally here   and vegas!!
