2ba0841d0359889f9eb2500225f0bdc0
"misses everyone  misses hanging out with her girlfriends and doing the most awesome, stupid things possible "
"is posting for once in her life  and i mean once as in probably not again for a looong time  so enjoy it, batch "
i hate my profile picture  it's so old and pooptastic! that's all 
"when i grow up, i'm going to be the heir of a bazzilian-dollar dragon franchise -- that way i won't have to do anything, and i'll get to fly around and not be stressed out ever again  yeth "
"doncha just love people who leave after the first song, and go just to say they went?"
i've got a splinter   sad 
"i am officially no longer a high school kid \but i've still got a splinter "
i got a droid for graduation! it is beautiful 
"i think if i had to chose between <propfirst> and my droid, i would only chose <propfirst> if he promised to get me a new one   smile "
i love alias   smile 
"my beloved steampunk trousers have been bought, the steampunk poster is framed and <propmale>, and my second prototype sp ring is going well  it's good to be obsessed"
"only four more days in my house, then it's off to big-kid land!"
i got my steampunk bustle trousers in from london aaaahhhh!!! so excited 
riding my motorcycle about at last   smile 
so this one thing is happening tonight    if you know i'm nervous excited ahhh!! *shhh secret*
marriage is a punishment for shoplifting in some countries 
"awesome thing #1: i got two little kitties!\awesome thing #2: starcraft ii is out in a week!"
"i just got starcraft ii!!! if i'm mia the next few days, i'm not dead    just epicly slaughtering!"
this post is not at all unique but    omg inception was amazing!!!!
aw zach's leaving   sad 
does anyone love the wheel of time too?
the best kind of perfection comes right before the break down 
i love starcraft   
i shall not let philosophy defeat me!
"poor naku   sad   one of my dogs died last night  he was a husky and had permanent bordetella, and then he ate a toad and i guess he just    died "
"your face-saving promises, whispered like prayers - i don't need them  i don't need them "
my cat is so    freaking    cute!
is pregnant!
"i am not pregnant  prepare to be very painfully raped, <propfirst> naylor!"
i'm    a crazy person  i think about things too much  why can't i just be happy all the time?
oh my! the hive cluster is under attack!
i am so damn happy right now and i have no reason for it - except perhaps this chocolate doughnut with sprinkles 
getting married is like getting a tattoo on your face 
i want to cut my hair so    bad   
philisophical enlightenment is so tasty!
i seem to be channeling uma thermon  which is    scary 
democracy is so    difficult  sometimes i just want to slap everyone and announce myself dictator  i'd be much easier that way 
"this is about to really, really suck "
my schoolwork is interfering with my house watching and starcraft playing time  i want    so    bad   
my nose is uber stuffed up   sad 
i feel miserable   sad  i just wish i could breathe  and stop coughing  then i'd be happy 
i got an excellent compliment today - apparently i'm the <propfemale> flowers of nmsu  hells yeah 
"there's a cat being boarded where i work who leaves bloody footprints when it walks  her owners ripped out her claws and then left her here to find a home  de-clawing is a horrible, painful procedure that can leave cats aggressive and afraid  it is equal to female circumcision to me, though done for no misguided religious or medical reasons; it is a mutilation done because lazy owners think \cat's can't be trained \"""""
"this is definitely the girliest post ever and i'm probably going to get no responses, but i'm curious: what's all ya'lls favorite romance movie?"
what would be your speciality in a zombie apocalypse? -- my result: commando  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 384373 referrals status?aid=1419114507
"i like it spilling everywhere, especially in the backseat "
"i've decided to learn quenya, which is the more simple of the two tolkienian elvish dialects    anyone wanna learn too?"
grr  i guess i shouldn't take it personally when someone does the dishonerable thing  but it sure pisses me off 
i wanna see the owl movie! anyone wanna see it with me?
"\a soul: something i can't destroy with a flame-thrower \"" \",2ba0841d0359889f9eb2500225f0bdc0,i think i'm going to go alone to new york for 4 weeks this summer for a film thing    god i hope it works out!
"i asked <propfirst> what he would do if i died, and he paused, stared deep into my eyes, and whispered, \i'd masturbate  a lot \""\",2ba0841d0359889f9eb2500225f0bdc0,"so holy crap  it's official  a thousand years from now, next summer, i am going to be living in washington heights alone for a month!"
i want some gloves that fit me like a glove  soft leather with little buttons along the wrist    why are they so hard to find?
"i've been listening to the avatar soundtrack, and i was again struck by how moving, beautiful, and utterly unoriginal it is  wtf, <propfirst> horner? stop stealing your own themes!"
"i am starting to panic  my steampunk costume is not complete, and it may not be by halloween because of the us postal service!"
please be on the lookout for this extremely dangerous terrorist: mustaf herod apyur poupr 
it isn't fair how inaccesible free <propfemale> is to those above 13 on halloween  i think i'm more dependant on <propfemale> now  damn the establishment!
"i just took a stupid facebook quiz to count how many questions there were, and completely forgot to count how many questions there were  goddammah "
"my zerg unit quiz is almost done! it should be up and running in about 3 hours  be sure to take it and tell me what you think - the time i have spent on the stupid thing is ridiculous, bordering on an obsession  i just love    starcraft    so much   "
"maybe deep down we're all incredibly selfish, inconsiderate bastards with an overwhelming sense of entitlement  the 'unconditional' clause in love really sucks "
"i've never been at a boxing match before, but damn  this is so exciting! i may be hooked "
i've finished the sixth season of house finally    my mind is blown  must start watching the seventh on hulu!
"i got into the class i wanted! it's all exclusive because 4,000 undergraduates are in cmi, and i only had two of the three prerequisites, but they let me in anyway! woo! (i only had to break a few kneecaps    *cough* what?)"
sometimes you close your eyes and see the place where you used to live when you were young 
i'm making <propmale> potter wands    they shall be badass 
"you know what i wish? i wish my goddamn boyfriend who i've lived with for six months and dated for a thousand years would add me on facebook as a friend! not to mention change his status from single, or un-privatize his account  grrr   frowny "
<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows! who's going to the premiere? cause i can make you wands if you want  they're legit 
"guess what?\\    what?\\<propmale> potter!"
"only 18 more minutes    ah! after 6 hours, this is excruciating "
"the deathly hallows was really damn good, and worth it, but i sure wish i was sleeping right now "
"i've seen your flag on the marble arch, but love is not a victory march - it's a cold and it's a broken, \hallelujah \"""""
i think the best part of thanksgiving is no school for a week  the actual holiday is kind of lame 
"i was on deviantart, and i discovered this amazingly sexy guy who only does self-portraits  omg he's so hot  all women (and some men i know) must see  dublenkofff is the username  urgh, i feel like a stalker   playful "
my hair is so short!
"the last ten minutes have been terrible  i was 25 cents short to buy anything for lunch, my steampunk earrings broke, and i dropped my laptop and now it has a huge dent chip combo on the side  amazingly, everything still functions  but now i'm stuck here, sad and hungry "
"change\ your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal? to not see a human face on facebook til monday 12 6  join the \fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same "
"it's kind of ironic how i spent so much time and energy trying to look like a girl only to get treated like a man, and now that i look like a man i'm finally getting treated like a girl  fun times "
"finals = fuck my life  \i'm never taking 18 credits again  \   except for next semester   playful "
i don't really want to be awake anymore    but comedy central netflix style is so awesome 
"i love me some phoenix force, i really do, but endsong wasn't technically a cartoon and i used to love she-ra  so here we go "
"i'm so tired  i have never so grossly underestimated the difficulty of a project before  it's due tomorrow afternoon and i have another final in the morning so i have to finish it tonight  i'm on hour 17 of working on this, as unbelievable as that is, and have at least another hour ahead of me  i don't want to anymore  no no no no no!!"
i have to go take my math final now  i really don't want to  but i must    not    fail   
"4 finals down, 1 to go  please god, let me have gotten a c on my algebra final - hell, i'll even take a b "
"damnit! i wanted to play starcraft ii with <propfirst>, but he'd rather watch zac play assassin's creed: brotherhood  watching is fun, but playing is so much better! (hehe)"
"no more finals weeeee! i think i did well too, so i should be keeping my scholarship despite math  mwahaha!"
fuck battlenet's servers fuck them fuck them ahhhhh!!!!
i've been obsessively checking mynmsu every time i've gotten a <propmale> for the last three days    post grades damn you! i can't handle this suspense!
so much fable iii! but my grades still aren't up so today could be better  grrr 
"so apparently some quest dumbass cut a <propmale> internet line, and nmsu has extended their final grade report to december 15th  which, despite the fact it is now december 15th, still aren't up  curses!"
"i am feeling so incredibly neglected and left out  the only thing anyone's said to me in hours is, \hey"," why are you still awake?\""\"2ba0841d0359889f9eb2500225f0bdc0,"if i'm gonna get my balls blown off for a word, then my word is 'poontang' "
so    i rocked this semester  totally passed math  thank god 
tron was like a raver's wet dream  <propmale> bridges is such a bamf  must see in 3d 
"i was reading through my old journals, and i was once so    eloquent  i used to think i was so silly, but looking back, i think i was wiser then in many ways than i am now  i think i felt more then - the years since have just made me numb "
black swan so amazing 
"i just got 'pulled over' for watching some badass song-synced christmas lights on a house  just sitting there, jamming, along with a few other die-hards, and a cop pulls me over  fun part, i didn't have my license - funner part, i didn't get a ticket  i really do like christmas   smile "
"my <propfemale> cousin picked up a paper guitar this morning and busted out with some perfectly pitched niel young - \heart of gold \"" hells yeah """
"hey world! new year's <propfemale> party, my old house, 10 surprise 0  there shall be bonfire and a catapult and games and things going boom  let me know if you want directions "
i really wish i was sleeping right now 
"<propmale> has finally described the craziness that is my mom and two uncles: chaotic, unproductive energy "
aw zach's gone    goddameh 
 crying 
"i'm gonna dye my hair again, but this time all by myself! ahhh!"
you come beating like moth's wings - spastic and violently  whipping me into a storm; shaking me down to the core 
i want need to write a script i can film this semester  but i have no ideas or inspiration  it's really frustrating   frowny 
let's see how creative my facebook friends are: leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be 1 word  smile  then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word & not copy    that's no fun!!
"i love <propmale>, but fuck <propmale>  i searched for the word 'door', and in four different online translators, there were at least 10 different answers in <propmale>  when i'd translate them back i'd get english words like 'wing', 'casement', 'blade', 'grand piano', and, oh yeah, 'door' - all for the same <propmale> word!"
<propfirst> turns into such a crazy bitch when we start losing at starcraft ii    men take their games way too seriously 
i'm surrownded by men in girl pants 
"i want house desperately  why would they wait a full month between episodes just for christmas and whatnot? i know actors are people too, but come on "
house tomorrow finally ahhhh!
"so, to men  what do you like doing for <propfirst>'s? besides getting laid  i was thinking some paintball this year, cause we went dirtbiking last time    any suggestions?"
dear sickness: suck my <propmale> 
you know what pisses me off? almost everyone i know having no idea what their actual religious beliefs are 
"i just got my nails done  they are very pretty, i have to admit, and the clicking sound they make as i type may be satisfying enough to outweigh the irritation from all the other things i am now unable to do because of them "
"aw, tropic thunder  how i love and appreciate thee "
"i need to cut my hair again, and shorter then last time i think  i'm starting to look like a pre-adolescent sk8tr wannabe "
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this"
so holy crap  my power has finally come back on  it's amazing how much snow can seem like the zombie apocalypse 
"i never thought i'd say this, but thank you el paso electric for being so shitty  another day of rest and catch-up for me!"
"like an idiot, though i was completely aware of the rolling blackouts, i didn't think to get candles or flashlights or anything  thank god it came on again - that was just awkward "
"i am so excited for battle angel, the live-action adaptation of my favorite manga  best part? it's being directed by <propfirst> <propfirst>  even better part? <propfirst> <propfirst> put so much energy into developing the software behind avatar because he also wanted to make battle angel <propfemale> "
"*sigh* biting through, as always  maybe someday things will just be right without me bending and breaking for my stupid life to function "
anyone do the p90x workout?
must    cut    all hair    off   
"yesterday, i was running around in a t-shirt  today, it's snowing  fuck you new mexico weather "
"what i've learned about long term relationships annoyed any small annoyance, like a paper cut, will become gangrenous and life-threatening if unattended  hopefully you'll be able to amputate before it poisons the heart "
"you probably know this, because you are my friend and therefore awesome, but in case you don't annoyed <propmale> defranco rocks my socks "
"christmas just happened  except better  mister <propmale> <propfirst>, my amazing uncle, got me a army-worthy gas mask and a --ready for this?-- leather flight cap from wwii! it's so old and used and fucking beautiful  i love gun shows   "
"i need help  my chemical romance is confusing me  i wiki'd them within the last few months, and i read about how their new album was coming out and there had been lots of people in black robes to announce it (possibly; little hazy on that one)  then i was told in lab monday that they'd dropped a new album in the last few months  but wiki knows nothing, which makes me think it isn't true   \help!"
"i want a girl with uninterrupted prosperity\who uses a machete to cut through red tape\with fingernails that shine like justice\and a voice that is dark like tinted glass"
"we has ferrets  we has hermin melvil and kerrigan <propfemale> of blades  we has cutest thingies ever \vash the stampede doesn't know what to do "
"last night i asked <propfirst> what he thought of my new hair color, and he looked at me for a while, frowned, and said \pretty\"" before returning to his laptop \",2ba0841d0359889f9eb2500225f0bdc0,i just remembered i have to pay a ticket by 4 1    damn 
suckerpunch was pretty cool  i recommend seeing it  but it wasn't as cool as it should have been 
"i'd love my life to 'feel like the movies ' it's that sensation that fuels all the passion and drive i've ever had  maybe i bleed to know i'm alive  or maybe i bleed to feel more like the movies, to feel something better than existence  maybe i just want you to know who i am  and what i'm capable of "
i just spent 30 minutes doing some suave hair style thingy online  *sigh*
i want to start wearing dresses and skirts  i really do  but they're just so restrictive and    girly 
