04dfbb76ffdcb0e29727a76f16738ec0
anyone on here play heroes of newerth?
"decided to give facebook a try since no one seems to use myspace anymore, but man its so confusing over here haha "
"so i tracked down some old friends i have not spoken to in years, lets hope they give me another <propmale>   finally manned up and gave my number to this girl also, lets hope she gives me a <propmale> also haha!"
"getting pretty tired of my job to be honest   i schedualed my vacation and its coming up soon, we will see how a break goes but i feel like i am ready to move on "
 egnahc a rof keew nuf a eb dluohs   tas no etats fo tuo morf ni gnimoc si dneirf ym   emit noitacav sti neht dna krow fo keew erom 1
"so i just got off the phone with my mom, she said they lost their house  they dont know how long they have to move out yet, stupid recession "
"that softball game was a disgrace   certain people had a total lack of hussle i swear, why ask to play certain spots if your just going to stand there and watch the game, theres a bench for a reason "
i never really considered myself a freak   but i love to freak!
"lots of driving yesterday, but despite being super tired all day i am glad i made my friend happy for the trip   updating facebook a little more, started talking to this one chicka, she seems pretty cool so far, maybe she will text me lol   **hint hint**"
all i know is we better have a real team tonight at softball   none of that slacker b s from last game 
we are looking for 1 more person to go to elitches with us tomarrow   i will pay for your ticket and everything to get in   just need 1 more to make it even   text me or mail me here   970-380-7602   hurry 
"still looking for 1 more for elitches   we are leaving in an hour or two   text me if you want to go, its free   970-380-7602"
ok we found a 4th person at last   thanks for all that participated lol 
"kind of tired, was a long day in the sun yesterday   facebook seems so plain, but its a million times more active then myspace, i like talking to all these new people "
"well my schedual is clear until tuesday night, hit me up if you want to do anything   btw its hot as hell right now, my goodness!"
"ok to hell with this, i am heading to walmart to pick up a couple fans   its too damn hot "
vote for me   i need to beat this ugly baby - http annoyed  www myyearbook com battles ?battleid=27831623
"well i am pretty much screwed, somehow my rent money is missing 10 dollars today   check my bank account and they let me withdraw more then i had somehow, now they add a 24 dollar charge every 3 days i dont cover it, and i dont get any money until the 19th   to hell with this!"
"someone <propfemale> me $70 dollars until the 19th   things got all messed up here, i am pretty screwed at the moment "
"playing s4 with a <propmale> of mine, might go get some hitting practice in later   damn i blew so much money, it sucks "
"bored, wishing a friend of mine would come back on, would be cool to finish our conversation from earlier "
"waiting on a song, i think its going to be amazing!!!"
may all your dreaming fill the empty sky!
"going to sleep i am so tired   slept 3 hours yesterday, and then worked all night   hopefully when i get up i will find a nice present in my inbox, and my mailbox lol!"
"its nice to see even after a year of not talking, some people are still just as childish as ever   grow up already, life goes on either way!"
"so i just got to work, the parking lot is so flooded my pants are soaked to the knees, try working in a cooler with wet socks n shoes on!!!"
"not looking forward to going to work tonight, been pretty frustrated with that place for quite some time now   i literally have to convince and drag myself there every night "
"so i am on lunch break, going 2 see if i can stay for a 12, and i cant get ahold of amber   what the hell  "
"hell yeah!!  tonight it was like a whole new team out there   nice hits, nice catches, nice plays   it was nice to pull out the w!"
"hell yeah!!!  just got my check and there is about 100 dollars more then i was e playful ecting, this is going 2 help alot"
"heading into work, i really dont feel like going lol   looking forward to tomorrows game, hopefully it does not get cancelled or rain   lets hope some crap is different at work tonight, i really feel like quitting!"
so tomorrow is the big 25th birthday everyone waits their whole life for   hello insurance break!!!
"now you will never know what i never knew, but i'll keep on waiting for you, because what i dont know    i see in you!"
"so life is totally different for me now   everything is changing and its all for the better i just feel it   i have not had this in my life, this feeling, this enjoyment in many years   i just hope i can be who i need to be and never lose this feeling   on a side note the softball tournaments are this weekend, i have a good feeling about this!"
"so the internet has been shut off for a couple weeks, sorry for not ever getting back to anyone   anyways things are turning around now though, so it should be back on by the end of the month i hope   things are looking real good actually, i am pretty damn happy!"
someone give me a lot of money   or like a 100 bucks at least   peace and love!
"so we are in the middle of moving everything to the new apartment   its bigger, and in the basement so its supposed to be much cooler   we shall see   we took a break to print off directions and check the updates   which i have none, awsome   anyways peace and love!"
"so we drove 8 hours to kansas to get the baby, his dad breaks the court agreement and refuses to give him to us   so he is in contempt of court, he then turns around and attacks me   in self defense i wrestle him to the ground and submit him with a headlock from behind   the cops show up and charge us both with battery   got to go all the way back for court at the end of the month   was a pretty awsome weekend "
"so we just dropped 540 dollars on a lawyer fee   i really hope this all works out for us   we are working hard and keeping positive but it seems like life is fighting us every single inch, even down to the little things   well we cant pull out now   so wish us luck!"
"so i feel like things are finally going to start going right again   as long as we keep working hard, everything will go great for us   i really am happy right now   had the 3d ultrasound yesterday, crazy but awsome   she is almost 27 weeks   buy us presents lol!"
"so we left sunday for the 9 hour drive to kansas   got to court and they dropped all charges, no jail time, no fines, or anything   <propfemale> and i got to spend two days with the little man <propmale>   all of that i am very happy about, and am really thankful for   however, my mom called and one of my grandmothers passed away, i hope she is in a better place   r i p grandma <propfemale> "
getting ready and heading to the funeral 
"so we came back from the funeral   it went well, i e playful ected more people but who knows i guess   i plan on updating my pictures soon i think   <propfemale> is on me all the time about putting some of my 200 pictures online from my phone haha   well take a great day, peace and love!"
"hurting pretty bad for money right now, if anyone can help i would appreciate it   please contact me via email, have not had a phone in a while   thanks!"
"happy thanksgiving everyone, god bless!"
"just got off the phone with the doctor, they are saying i tested positive for my <propfemale> blood test, which is a test for auto immune diseases   they have not told me any details, i have an appointment on monday to discuss a \health care plan\"""""
"so the doctor is telling me i have lupus    but i am not so sure   i read the results and there was multiple diseases it \could be\"" so who knows   i am supposed to see a specialized in a couple weeks   for now i am on steroids """
so we just got back from the ob and they are saying the baby has dropped pretty low   they are saying she isn't going to make it until the due date   so they bumped up the c-section   having a baby pretty soon 
"december 10th, 2010 - everything changes today, baby <propfirst> is on the way   next time i post i will be in daddy mode   wish us luck we are headed to the hospital "
"so i am back from the hospital for a few hours   everything when great with the <propfemale> and <propfirst>   if everything keeps going perfect, they will be coming home tomarrow   i uploaded one picture, we have tons more but for right now i gave you a teaser lol   god bless!"
so we just got home with <propfirst>   both him and <propfemale> are doing great   it feels good to finally be home with my family   i am sure we will be getting pictures up within a few days   right now everyone is just relaxing!
"we are headed back to the hospital   <propfemale> has been having a lot of stomach pains lately, got some testing done and they said she needs to get admitted to the hospital asap   they have to put her on iv antibiotics and possibly do emergency surgery "
