c5ddfc76f70977c9bbd6c2152cac6cea
this new year starts with me working the graveyard shift =|
is so tired   graveyard shift at the <propmale> county sheriffs office!
is getting very familiar with the graveyard!
lets go jets lock it up tonight!
my ******* knee is messed up
"happy thanksgiving everyone!!! so much to be thankful for god, our lord jesus christ, my amazing wifre and wonderful friends and family!"
"is still full from family #1's thanksgivin dinner, off to eat again later at family #2's house   not a bad problem to have!!!"
working the graveyard tonight   
is at work!
on the graveyard!!!
working the graveyard!
bored!!!
this day was wasted    so bored   
graveyard shift tonight!
working the graveyard!
on the graveyard!
this graveyard shift is almost over!!!
at work since 1 surprise 0 pm and will be here till 12 surprise 0 am    annoyed 
is ready for this shift to be over with!!!! just an hour to  laugh 
ready to hit the hay!!! this graveyard shifts is kicking my a**  but i dont mind the money at all$$$
ughhhh graveyard shift!
tired     working the graveyard    
working the graveyard!
at work!
so sleepy    must   fight   urge   to   passout at work lol!
at work and very tired!
pulling the graveyard shift at the sheriffs office and working an extra four hours    bored!!
only 2 more hours left of my 12 hour shift!!!
at work!
everyone please be careful if you try to go out tonight i dont want to get a call from you that you wrecked    at work!!!!
everyone be careful today  dont risk it unless you absolutley have to   trust me it aint worth it!!!!
working the graveyard
tired and bored lol      working the graveyard with no sleep!
wishing i was at home suggled up with kaylynn asleep!
is at work bored lol   but its better to be bored than busy!
is hungry!!!
is tired at work!!!
tired and bored at work!!!  sad 
"the all-time series stands at yankees 1,117 wins, red sox 933 wins    just saying  laugh "
i do believe my yankees are wwhoopin the redsox muahahaha
the yankees win!!!
"is bout to be off work, reckon ill actually get some normal sleep time in tonight! can't wait for his baby boy to be born!!!loves kaylynn!!! laugh "
if sabathia throws a no hitter ill die lol!!! go yanks!
the fourth kind is one awesome movie
has been at work since 4 p m  and dont get off until 4 a m      bored and hungry and just a <propmale> tired    
is ready to get off work only 40 more minutes   theb time to snuggle with my wonderful wife who is probably snoring away lol!
is really ready to be off work!
my jets just keep gettin better and beter we signed <propfirst> <propfirst>!
guess i have to like the broncos a little now since they drafted tebow!!!
is ready to go to bed   only one more hour left tell i'm off work!
hates the rain!
glad i got the next couple of days off to spend with my wife!
not a good night!
is wishing this graveyard shift was over!
does not feel good at all  sad 
it was a little busy for the midnight shift   can wait tell i'm off work so i can see kaylynn  laugh 
ready to be off work 6 more hours!
my heart stopped i thought that tip was  going in   my lakers prevail thank goodness!
is ready for this shift to be over with 1hr left!
going to snuggle with kaylynn
just letting everyone know who's power is out we at the <propmale> so have called <propfirst> electric and they do know about the outage
loves kaylynn!
"your not just my wife, your not just my lover, your my also my very best friend! i love you kaylynn <propfemale> case!!!"
bored    at work!
at work   
"i wasted my fists, i wasted my arms, hell these tattoos will slowly fade, wasted my strength, and i wasted my youth, and i'd trade the rest of my days - lucero"
just 4 1 2 more hours left tell im off work    really ready for the weekend!
is ready to be off work!
our god is an awesome god!
so freakin bored!
bored   at work   
so tired   just one more hour til i'm off work!
kobe and my lakers are stomping the suns!
<propmale> artest at the buzzer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! freaking awesome!!!!!!
at the <propmale> <propmale> high playing ball    wish more ppl would show
my lakers vs the celtics   lakers all the way baby!!!
just did some p90x!!! omg i am going to regret it in the morning!
"so p90x has totally kicked my a** and my blackberry is messed up, and i'm at work really tired    *sigh*"
welcome to the lake show   kobe and the boys r gunna take care of business   lets go lakers!!!!!!
like i said boston can't handle kobe!
ready to be off work    long night    
at work    not feeling all that well   wish i wa sat home in bed with my wife 
holy crap!!! strasburg is a beast   14k's 0 walks in his first <propmale> league game   wow!
d-fish and kobe taking care of business once again   go lakers!
is ready to be off work   tired    had a good day with kaylynn yesterday on her 20th birthday   even though we both did not feel real good   ready to hit the hay when i get home!
posada with the grand slam!!!go yankees!
let's go lake show!!! it's kobe time!!!
looks like kobe and the gang is gunna take care of business! game 7 kobe is gunna end it!
is at work   ready for game 7 lakers vs  celtics   kobe and the lake show all the way!
game 7 is about to start    kobe is going to show the world how a real champion does it! go lakers!
come on kobe get it together and finish this!
here comes kobe!!!!!!!!!!!!
lakers win lakers win lakers win hahahaha i am so freaking happy!!! kobe got ring number 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!what an awesome game!!!!!!kobe is the best ever!!!!!!
is at work    
is at work  bored and tired    
just 2 more hours and i'm off work!
is at work    tired   ugh!
tired   hungry   bored   and at work with 6 1 2 hours left to go    sad 
is at work    
could really go for some mcdonalds!!!!!!!
only 2 1 2 more hours till i'm off work    tired!
just 1 more hour and then i get to go home and crash!
kaylynn and i are having the baby shower today for hudson <propmale> case at shoneys restaraunt in <propmale> it starts at 2 surprise 0 pm this afternoon!
had a good day with my wife and family   about to get off work!
at work til' 4    hope today goes by fast!
headache!
at work    bored   tired    
much to young to feel this damn old!
bored!!!
at the house bored           
does not want to go to work tonight at all      
just woke up    
bored!
at home   so bored i even washed the dishes  indecision 
last night of work at the <propmale> county sheriffs office  sad     but then off to a new start at <propmale> police department of friday!
proud of city council and judge <propfirst> moore!
rip <propfirst> steinbrenner! we'll miss you boss
let's go american league
y
lol that y lol is a typo   never meant to even update my status
in clarksville!
droid!
finally 21!!!
thank you everyone for the bday wishes!
"the best keep getting better\   my yankees got <propmale> berkman and <propfirst> kearns sweet !!!!!!!"
so my yankees got
"so my yankees got <propmale> berkman, <propfirst> kearns, and <propfirst> wood    can u say repeat!!!!!"
anyone selling an xbox 360 pr ps3
at the hospital with kaylynn   inducing her tomorrow!!!  smile 
"changed baby hudsons first diaper! hudson and kaylynn are doing great    thank you god for an amazing wife, thank you for my wonderful baby boy; and thank you for my wonderful family and friends    god is great!"
how by my jets defense baby
at home with kaylynn n hudson    n squeaks!
touchdown  gators!!!
gator chomp <<<<<<< go gators!!!
awesome win for my j e t s jets jets jets!!!!
"is missing kaylynn and hudson, wish i was at home with my babies instead of at work  sad "
how bout my gators!!!
"when i c ur face, there's not a thing i wud change, cuz ur amazing, just the way u r, n when u smile, the whole world stops n stares for a while, cuz girl ur amazing, just the way u r  i luv u kaylynn so much!!!"
lets go jets! great way to start a game!
how bout those jets!
let's go gators!
how bout thos jets baby!
well my yankees got the broom out and swept away those pesky twins!!!
j e t s jets jets jets!!!
relaxing with my beautiful wife and precious son  smile 
bout to watch the yankees game with hudson!
the yankees win!!!
jets win again!!!!!!!!
i love buffalo hot wings even if it is 8 o'clock in the morn
come on yanks its do or die!
the yankees win!!!!!!!!!!!!!! still alive baby!!!
is praying my yankees send this series to game 7   and that kidder is not watching the game lol!
lets go lakers!
let's go giants get revenger for my yankees!
r i p <propfirst> richardson   you will be missed  sad 
"it is kaylynn and i's 1 year wedding aniversary, i am so thankful for an amazing wife like her   i love you kaylynn <propfemale> case with all my heart!"
"me, kaylynn, and hudson are  getting ready to go to go jasper,missouri with <propfirst> and <propfemale> to see grandma!"
"is sad my gators lost, but atleast i was right about auburn winning the sec west "
"j e t s jets jets jets     winner, winner, chicken dinner!"
"is watching \we were soldiers\"" with hudson    it's his first war movie!"""
"how bout sanchise and my jets baby   clutch    j e t s  jets, jets, jets!!!!!!!"
family   friends   turkey   stuffing   pie   deviled eggs   cool weather   and football    god i love thanksgiving   i'm so thankful!
dreaming of the new xbox 360 with kinect    that is my christmas wish list   
a great ending to a good thanksgiving   j e t s jets jets jets win again!
is anyone interested in buying a treadmill   its in excellent condition and has hardly been used    
i am not a cheifs fan but   dwayne bowe is a beast!
"is excited for the new episode of \the walking dead\"" tonight!"""
ready to watch my jets on monday night football!!!
i am still proud to be a florida gators even after a down year   i am not gonna turn my back on them when the going gets tough unlike urban meyer!
106 we were best buds as kids and now were all grown up   am glad we found each other on facebook as adults
you know the drill on the number game   put # in my box lol
#13 your the love of my life i am so proud to be your husband and you and hudson make my day everytime i wake up and see you both  laugh 
#22 you were very outgoing and fun in high school and are a good friend i am happy we both have great kids!
#12 even though ur a redsox fan ur still one of my best buds!
#947 you've always been outspoken and lil on the wild side    and i remember when u made me <propfirst> and <propmale> watch the <propmale> horror picture so     annoyed 
#88 i remember in elementry you were taller then me and i was jealous   girls should not be taller then guys lol
#4 what can i say growing up you were my best friend    i am proud to say were both married to wonderful ppl and have sweet little sons
#22 ur awesome i love you like a sisiter  laugh 
let's go jets   and go tebow   
"j e t s jets, jets, jets!!!!  redemption!"
"national lampoon's christmas vacation and supper with my great wife and son, then have to get ready for work! (gotta love the midnight shift)"
poor little hudson has rsv bronchiolitis   but he is doin good and has to use a little inhaler for a while   poor lil guy  sad 
"how bout those razor\hacks\"" lol"""
"tendinitis in my left rotator cuff   it's painful  \but gettin some meds"
the cab is heeeeere!!!!
should be sleeping   but this rotator cuff tendinitis won't let me!
come on jets let's get on the board!
lt baby!!!!!
jets win jets win jets win jets win!!!!!
really needs 4 wheel drive
has a great wife! i love you kaylynn!!!
so ready for my jets to open a can on the patriots!
how bout my jets now!!!!
is so proud of my jets making it to the afc championship game but   nothing else matters but making it to the superbowl   so let's go j e t s jets jets jets!!!!
its game time! j e t s  jets jets jets!!!!!!
jets baby!!!
great challenge <propmale> <propfirst>!
has the best wife  smile 
"*green bay* never thought i would say that   but i hate pittsburgh, at least the packers have <propfirst> woodson!"
sick! go packer d!
black eyed peas    awful!!!
happy valentines day to my wonderful wife kaylynn!
this is one awesome daytona 500!    go 88!!!
i sure hope <propmale> doesn't win!
2011 daytona 500 = epic
"epic dayton 500 earlier, nba all-star game later, and kaylynn and hudson will be home in just a bit after being gone all weekend in paragould = really good day!"
can't wait for kaylynn and hudson to be back in a couple of days! i miss you and love you both so much!
give the ball to kemba and just clear out!
kemba <propmale> is unstoppable   and that is why uconn will be the national champions    atleast they better be for my brackets sake!
"hahaha, it's more like jimmer fredont! lol"
"what keeps me keeping the faith, what makes me believe i can, family man! they're a world my world revolves around, my sacred piece of solid ground, the flesh and bone that gives me strength to stand! their a fire in my driving on, the drive behind my coming home, the living, breathing, reason that i am, a family man!!!"
opening day win for my yankees! awesome!!!
