9dd5cb916449c68b91c67cf133a4770c
hopeing for a snow day tomorrow : )
studying 4 chem  sad 
just got back from a mclaughlin promotion graduation
"i saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because i couldn't make up my mind which of the figs i would choose   i wanted each and every one of them, but choosing one meant losing all the rest, and, as i sat there, unable"
has a sunburn
just got her driver's lisence
early release is awsome : )
so cloudy : (
procrastinating on homework and studying : [
: (
not feeling so good : (
does anyone get how to do the sin cos tan limits for calc?
whenever you look at the stars remeber that you're part of one : )
"thinks 3h and 45 mins sats are way too long and mind numbing  by the time you reach section 10 your brain is saying \ok screw it i give up\"""""
waiting for <propfemale>
i've been absent all week can someone please tell me how to find average velocity  i already know that velocity is the derivative of position 
does anyone know if the chem lab is do tomorrow or not?
is finally a u s citizen not a u s permanent resident : )
and a bunch of other people were put on fire in chem today  i  love  cool chem e playful eriments !!!
what was the volume of o2 in the lab? was it related to the volume of h2o?
"the facebook trick! press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, right click, up, down and circles will appear! it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you!"
sounds of laughter shades of life  are ringing through my open ears  exciting and inviting me  limitless undying love which  shines around me like a million suns  it calls me on and on across the universe
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
gezuar 28 nentorin !
having a very difficult time with my college essay : [
christams vacation countdown: 3 days
christmas vacation countdown: 2 days
ms  thibebault's chem class don't forget to bring in food tomorrow for the party 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes : )  te gjithve shum flm per urimet ju puth fort <propfemale> larg : )
mariposa ilusionada
tiger's love pepper  they hate cinnamon 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure!
they've created a punctuation <propfirst> for sarcasm  it's called sarc<propfirst> 
likes the sound of trains passing by
i'm the only krisjela that exists on facebook lol
full <propfemale>
"back from seeing dear <propfirst>, now just watching <propmale> potter "
please please please let it be a snow day tomorrow
"one more very busy, busy day until february vacation"
"2 economics tests, a 2 chapter test in chem, 101 lines of poetry, a calc review sheet all due tomorrow : ( fml"
watching <propmale> gump
snow when there's no school is like uggs in july     useless
thinks <propfirst> collins has amazing driving skills : ) lol
another earthquake but this time in chile  how unfortunate and sad : (
we might not have school tomorrow according to wmur????
got into unh
"getting tired of seeing those \click become a fan to unvail\"" groups"""
saw a plane flying awfully close and my heart stoped beating for a fraction of a second 
gezuar diten e veres
finished a powerpoint and a 5 <propfemale> report 
all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream
had a really nice day
"happy is the heart that still feels pain, darkness drains and light will come again  swing open up your chest and let it in, just let the love, love, love begin "
love you mom  love  happy mother's day!
perfect weather for a nap
i could listen to moonlight sonata forever
congratulations! i will miss all of you  it's going to feel weird waking up on monday and not having to hurry up and find a parking spot   it's going to feel weird not seeing your faces anymore: (
had an awsome day : )
germanyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!
mosquitos and i have a love hate relationship  they  love  me and i hate them 
massive headache
germany!!!!!!!!!!!
germanyyyyyyyyyy 4-0 !!!!!!!!!
it's orange outside 
http annoyed  www comcast net articles news-general 20100722 us stung by jellyfish 
waiting for <propfemale> kalioras : )
"screws fall out all the time, it's an imperfect world "
why is it that when one thing goes wrong all other things decide to go wrong at the same time?
just woke up from a dream within a dream and the first thing that came to mind was inception 
tired 
in boston for orientation tomorrow : d
1 more week    
finished packing : ) spending time with my family for a while 
attempted ballroom tango 
has the most awesome roomate ever ayrten <propfirst>
8 a m calculus will be the death of me one of these days 
procrastination will come back and bite you in the a site   (one of a ribosome's three binding sites)  should have learned this a week ago 
got a 100 on my calculus quizz : d
i like it on the floor
home sweet home = )
hates biology!!!!!!!
i'm a satellite heart lost in the dark 
yay for two midterms and a lab report due on the same day 
"brother(s)\week: if you have a brother who has made you laugh, pulled your \hair,stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you \succeed,saw you fall (or tripped you), picked you back up, cheered you \on, made you strong, then copy & paste this to your status "
misses <propfemale> kalioras
"i think my mother has misinterpreted the meaning of the word \redneck\"" because she just refered to a guy with red hair as a \""redneck\"" """
discovered that soy milk is less disgusting than regular milk and it's almost tasty 
no laptop  i might not make it through the week 
i can finally use my laptop again!
watching beauty and the beast  love 
loves sneezing
gezuar 28 nëntorin!
oh i believe in yesterday
misses <propfemale> kalioras and can't wait to be home  1 more weeek 
3 essays and 6 more chapters of chemistry  challenge accepted!
home 
nap time 
my mother just asked me what year i was born   majlinda shishko
i'm here and nowhere wishing to be everywhere 
thunderstorm  love 
"hardy-weinberg equilibrium equation, i've finally got you all figured out!"
"i’m afraid sometimes you’ll play lonely games too, games you can’t win because you'll play against you "
better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie 
