2710799336a63137bf6e8fb551d64517
boooooooooo
is finally getting into this whole facebook thing   i guess   about as much as i was into myspace 
just found what may be the best occupation ever   i want this job   i crave this job 
is in a funk   not bueno 
"jeeze, what a stroke of horrible luck   too much stress, too sick   blah, blah, blah   at least the pie was good "
"why can't zombie stories ever work out like <propfemale> zombies?  everyone in the universe dies   that's what zombies do, they kill everything   god coming down to stop them?  nope, he geats eaten too and now you've got demi-god zombies   but what ends up happening?  damn zombies get a conscience and stop their warpath   i just want zombies who lay waste to everything "
i miss my kiki!  waaaah!
"i'm surrounded by idiots, what do i do?!"
just submitted my first story to a magazine   hope it goes well 
"woo, a day without sleep!  rumspringa!!  woooooo!!"
"whether a man lives or dies in vain can be measured only by the way he faces his own problems, by the success or failure of the inner conflict within his own soul "
is a manly man for comforting his woman in her time of need!
boku wa keizan desu 
i eat the uncertainty principle for breakfast   i was born the original loose cannon   and i am one feather-pluckin' walrus!  koo koo ka-freakin' choo!
"why are social networking sites so hard to keep up with?  i gotta finish ultimate alliance 2, but its suckery is keeping e from my goal   boo on downgrading the last-gen version!  where are my costumes?  where is the voice acting?  why is deadpool full of fail?  i'm convinced it ain't deadpool, it's some lame version   like dead man <propmale> from age of apocalypse, god he sucked "
"it's business time!  when i'm down to my socks you know it's business time, that's why they're called business socks, baby!"
"i was trying to find something quirky and myserious about my feelings   then i realized what a crock of shit that it is   <propmale> <propfirst> poe, <propmale> gable, <propfirst> <propfirst> and all those guys can eat their artsy, creative meanderings with a heaping pile of anal evacuation   i'm gonna say what they couldn't  my life is shit   people make my life shit   everyone sucks and you're all going to die one day "
is this the real life?  or is this just fantasy?
"eff facebook's limit, bottom line is: i'm tempted to bash my head open because this thing is drivin' me crazy "
"things shinichi does not like (a brief rant): people covering my favorite bands, aka keane, him, lacuna coil, breaking <propmale>, evanescence and in flames (and oh man in flames, you did two bands of mine, you twats) trying to sing <propfemale>, depeche mode and nirvana and choking on it like a hardcore cock-gagging porno "
i'm not hearin' the same old music in the air   everything's a different tune now 
"well, for better or for worse, colorado here i come "
i gave her the d   uh!
"eff yeah, second day of working out   stretching, too, getting back my flexibility "
i'm prayin' for tidal waves   i wanna see the ground give way   i wanna watch it all go down 
"dropped my damn phone, now the damn thing is acting all schizo "
<propfirst> rollins is my hero!!
dropped my freakin' phone and now it's busted and it looks like i just have to shell out money for a new one   there will be shouting and stomping in the angry dome!
who wants in on my new top secret operation?  it shall be called operation <propmale> bateman 
i just want to say that i have nothing to say 
zombieland  love  an american werewolf in london  love  silent hill  love 
misses his person
"i might die of laughter, i just saw drag me to hell "
"venti is not large   venti means 20, tall is technically a large and grande is spanish for large   congratulations, you're now stupid in three different languages "
and he doesn't afraid of anything 
"it just keeps gettin' worse and worse, don't it?  like a snowball of doom "
i've given you sunlight!  i've given you rain!  looks like you're not happy unless i open a vein!
"momentarily out of action, temporarily outta gas "
<propfirst> clooney was best before he hit big (i e  clooney in from dusk 'til <propfemale>)
"tired of gettin' fucked, fucked over, fucked up, bitched out, bitched at, bitched about and shit on   someone is gonna get their ass pulverized in a minute "
"but now you can kiss my ass goodbye, feel good are you satisfied?  do you feel like suicide? is your conscience all right, does it plague you at night? do you feel good, feel good?  oh <propfemale>, you resonate   resonate deeply "
i have ataraxia 
it's mah birthday and i'll cry if i want to!
"here's a summary of events: i've had a migraine for a week and counting, cujo is a messed up book, the cell is awesome, dragonball <propfemale> kicks butt, i'm watching the entire batman series from tas to beyond, i've started on needful things and i'm lonely!"
wedding singer about sums it up 
"you shouldn't shoot me, <propfirst>   my grandmother shot me once   once "
bartender is such a classy anime   makes ya' feel all dapper 
"dear friend!  goodbye   no tears, in my eyes!  so sad   it ends   as it began "
ninja assassin was awesome   love seeing sho kosugi work his magic and of course korean pop sensation rain is always a treat 
"i'm not evil, i'm just good lookin' "
i have a jar with spiders   i just had a jumping spider until today when i added in a yellow sack spider   now i just have a jumping spider again   because he ate the yellow sack's face 
"tell my tale to those who ask   tell it truthfully, the evil deeds along with the good, and let me be judged accordingly  the rest   is silence   "
got a guitar for my birthday   now i'm finally learnin' to play 
finally deciding to go through with this crazy college business   hopefully by next year i will be out of idaho!  wish me luck!
every girl has a sleep button   i speak the truth 
the gods of music frown upon me today 
i take it back   god just frowned on me in general today 
just saw a fight better the wrestling and ufc combined 
"i met the local chief meteorologist for the news today, then i'm gonna go bowling and when i get back, i'm gonna settle back down and start up on a book   shaping up to be a good day "
"i'm a fraid i can't let you do that, <propfemale> fox!"
i watched the new arkham asylum 2 trailer three times  then i came 
is this a religion disguised as a joke? or is this a joke disguised as a religion in sensible shoes?
i love orgy 
i have made my deadline  tremble in fear to all you naysayers for i have written the first chapter to my book  faster than the speed of love 
"an inversion has fallen over my neighborhood and it's the third day we've had with non-stop fog  it almost makes me think this poor little town is worth staying at, but i know i gotta leave and roll out with the mist "
"insomnia, you bitch "
i finally won at scrabble  over 180 points in the end  the english language was my whore tonight 
"years ago when i was younger, i kinda like a girl i knew  she was mine and we were sweethearts  that was then, but then it's true "
"i don't understand all this bullshit love for most love songs  does anyone listen to the lyrics or do they just hear the soft voice and the words \i love her\"" sprikled throughout? most of it's depressing as hell with abusive chicks who step on ya' balls!"""
"a pondersome thing, is it worse to have the person you love die and live with the memory of them? or to have the person you love just walk out on you and you get to live alongside that person's life as they share it with someone else? one's a shock value that hurts immensely at first and then wanes and the other's a constant reminder that you have to hurtle every time you see that person "
"shitty end to a shitty day  oh <propfemale>, if only i shared your optimism of tomorrows "
"what's all this i hear about snow in colorado?! it's a slap in the face that makes me go, \wait   i want to go back there why?!\"""""
learning to play <propmale> petty's learning to fly  wish me luck 'cause god knows i ain't got the skill 
i suspiciously had a good night's rest and a good dream to go with it  what's goin' on here?
"see, they don't give a fuck about you, like i do "
"ah, a nice hot cup of green tea and a big bowl of udon with a day of novel writing ahead  it's a good afternoon "
just got a haircut  boo yah 
"i feel like a hermit of hermits  never leaving my room and staying up all hours of the night with only my computer screen lighting my keyboard so i can type away  next thing i know, i'll grow a hump and a scraggly beard "
jeeze peep show is hilarious 
what? so now just because we're working i can't smoke my crack?
i have sat through all five seasons of peep show  i feel strangely british and hate <propfirst> <propfirst>   
i just gave a talk for the first time in over a year tonight  i think i've earned this beer 
i've decided that i am going to learn to play country and start my own famous country band! and we're going to call ourselves the rinky chinks and our country won't be about american country! oh no! it's going to be about the rice patties of japan!
i laughed at domestic abuse  and i'm not sorry 
"i just watched it and it makes me wish i had some supernatural wicked beast in my childhood that haunted me for the rest of my life  man, i never have the good stuff happen to me  no kaiju attacks, no serial killers, no elder gods, no nothin' "
"man, i freakin' miss the x-files  <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> duchovny, come back you guys!"
it has come to my attention that i should make a deadpool mask so that i don't just have a picture of him  i must do this soon 
apparently i'm a cowboy now  and now i must dance to wild west 
"i have seen something, something, something dark side  now <propmale> can get off my back "
annoying people are annoying  *insert mildly irritated face here*
"i never thought the sentence \she does this thing with a horse that you just have to see to understand   \"" would come from my mouth  then i saw bayonetta """
"[insert totally useless, douchebaggy information so everyone on my friendlist can see that i'm busy doing something i may or may not enjoy and want to insight conversation because things like \hi\"" or \""how's it goin?\"" have become totally obsolete]"""
"i wish cheaters could have been how i broke up   i would have been able to meet <propfirst> greco  i just wanted to be on cheaters, man!"
"colorado, here i come "
i am the lord of the harvest! bring it down! bring it down! i just stole the souls of pikachu using the <propfe<propfemale>le> <propfemale> technique from <propfemale> of doom and i am filled with righteousness!
"i got a thing about girls that say \aboot\"" """
what else could i say? everyone is gay 
ex-treme dating is brutal  you have your exes trying to drive your date to leave you after meeting? i mean c'mon! harsh 
"so much for <propfemale> wars day, my freakin' empire strikes back tape is warped or something  at least i have all of <propmale> vs  spenny "
you do not understand the power of the yarb yarb! fear the yarb yarb's hunger! for he only eats used tampons!
"pacman comin' through, straight huntin' for fruit, eatin' pills like a wakawaka comin' for you!"
"late last night and the night before, tommyknockers, tommyknockers knocking at the door  i want to go out, don't know if i can, 'cause i'm so afraid of the tommyknocker man "
today i have beaten sonic the hedgehog 2  i am putting this game on my list of games i will never touch again  along with ninja gaiden  no one should ever have to say the words i did 
"dr  farthing finally got his gambling addiction, but the bookies beat him to death anyway  so he's dead   that's it!"
i am going to have my name officially changed to buddha mczen 
"hey kids! if you're gonna do crack, do the one on your girlfriend's back!"
turtles forever is the freakin' best turtles movie ever 
nunchaku fuck!
i just shaved and i will tell you this: it looks like a trident 
i have only two words: watchmen sequel 
i look just like him 
i have seen repo! the genetic opera  i now wish to be a repo man  and bone <propfemale> brightman with her huge robotic eyes 
i'm reliving my angry beaver days  god i love this show 
"buying my ticket today or tomorrow  march 15th, colorado is getting its number one asian back! 3:15 pm will be the end of the world!"
sleep is betraying me again!
"my beer looked about as lonely as i did, sitting all alone in the fridge  now we're beeeeeest friends "
"finally goin' to bed  but not to sleep, oh no  time now to sit and play final fantasy iv until the sun comes up  not only do i need to level up, but i also need 100,000 <propmale> and i've only got 34,000  fml "
"i like to come up with time travel plots not for adventure, but for monetary gain  sorta like biff, but i'd much rather take the dreamcast back to sega when it first came out and sell them their own idea and ensure sega's dominance in the gaming industry  then when aliens finally come to earth, i take their technology back to sega in the beginning yet again and make them like sony and microsoft  who's with me?"
"oh shit, i sat on my balls!"
snake? i thought you would be a little taller   
finally some progress on final fantasy iv! and all that money grubbing put me about 10 levels ahead of the game's curve 
i will get her in a zero suit samus outfit if it's the last thing i do 
"cheaters marathon on <propfirst>'s day?! yes, sir and may i please have some more? i feel bad for the losers some of these guys are with, glad i'm not in a relationshit anymore "
"sentimental moment approaching, initiating preemptive wedgie  doink!"
"sometimes, just sometimes i get tired of hearing myself talk  and i wanna slug me in the face, too  i just drone on and on, sometimes i just don't know when to shut up! and that's why i have to kill you   so i can pay my freaking phone <propmale>!"
i just heard the wonderland song they play for the new <propfemale> movie  i think the singer shattered the looking glass  painful 
"i'm fairly, almost certain for sure that every phase of my life is leading me in the direction of opening a mercenary business  i'm going to get business cards just to be safe "
she is the most badass girl i know  officially 
you know you're loved when you get a box of cookies in the mail with a sweet letter 
old school red hot chili peppers makes me want to dirty things 
"what's in the box? jesus christ, what's in the box?!"
you know auto tune has become a plague when even batman uses it 
"i hate how i can't tell when a girl is underage, i tell 'em 'you know you're a nice piece of ass' and their daddy punches me in the face "
"lying to yourself again, suicidal imbecile, think about and put it on the faultline  what will it take to get through to you, precious?"
bwwaaaaaaahhhh! no pickles?!
tonight  you 
"epic beard man, wherever you are, you are a hero "
it's terrifying when the mcduffee brothers are on at the same time 
"february 26th sucks  it's two hours into the day and it already sucks  balls, balls, balls, balls  fuck "
my day was just made perfect by some sweet words and a song 
"and with the passing of the 25th and 26th, i am at peace with everything "
"i just wanted to see some free titties   but there just ain't no such thing as free titties, is there?"
"three more weeks, colorado  i may never leave you again, my sweet "
"ah, son! i got paid, son! i'm riiiiiich, biatch!"
"hell yeah, they got some cheap apartments  this trip is looking more and more permanent "
"man, <propmale> and carloz, you guys are darth vader posers  you're both lucky i don't force choke the two of you "
"my back hurts as bad as zombie nazi pirates raping my daughter while they point and make fun of me using a bad japanese accent  i take that back, it hurts worse than that  it hurts like my daughter just found out she was pregnant and told me she was keeping the baby  my daughter is keeping her zombie nazi pirate baby, that's how bad my back hurts "
i hate dumbing myself down for retards 
sometimes i really wish i could write for the deadpool comics   
"god, that wonderland movie is so horrible looking   freaking <propfirst> depp "
"last night my computer died in the middle of a project i was doing  i wasn't half as mad as i thought i would be and it made me realize that it's probably because it wasn't that important to begin with  not as important as some unfinished business i have  writer's block, i banish you!"
my spider jar is a graveyard of exoskeletons and crushed dreams of escape and survival  until next spider season   until next spider season 
"it's boring, but eurotrip's whole plot could have been avoided if <propmale> had just made a new email address and emailed <propfemale>  kids these days "
"i used to have a sister in this world, the only one out of all those closest to me  now i just see a stranger parading around in her skin; tricking me, manipulating me  that's not my sister  not anymore "
"you guys don't hate 10,000 orcs in your way to mt  doom nearly as much as i do  trust me on this one "
less than a hundred hours until i'm in colorado 
"and now i, the wonderful <propfirst>, presents: things i wish i could become a fan of, but can't because the <propfemale> doesn't exist: moshing while brushing my teeth "
today is bullshit  forecast is predicting more bullshit  don't e playful ect any sunshine 'cause it's covered by all the bullshit 
even everclear doesn't tank me  i wish it didn't take me going solo on hard liquor to get drunk 
"apparently being smart doesn't really work out for a lot of people, huh? dumbasses "
gimme that christian side hug!
i love it when a plan comes together 
"it's time for another things i wish i could become a fan of, but can't  because the <propfemale> doesn't exist, with your wonderful host, me, cody: waking up under the covers and guessing what direction i'm facing "
you guys are fucking boring  i'm gonna go find some new friends 
"for some reason, i just really wish i had stayed buzzed the rest of the day  being sober is balls "
today is a day for seven samurai  i'm gonna rock out with my koku out 
watch in stark horror as you travel across planes and dimensions to behold the new threat of our <propfemale>! <propfemale> at the sheer insanity as one of our greatest musical artists is replaced by another! terrify your minds with the uprising of   frank sinistra! the evil clone dopple ganger from another dimension of <propfirst> sinatra! he's coming for you starfest!
"<propfirst> now presents \things i wish i could become a fan of but can't because the <propfemale> doesn't exist\"": hating when people bring personal drama to the internets for all to see """
"for once there actually was a <propfemale> i could become a fan of  or like at least  oh ladies, you have no idea "
"god damn, i need to get laid  hanging out with girls is just about the worst punishment a man can put himself through "
"i was made for lovin' you, baby, you were made for lovin' me!"
"phones are so dumb, splash a little water on them and they freak out and die "
"feed me, <propmale>, feed me now "
"i got in touch with my roots last night and performed one of my country's famed past times: karaoke  i rocked the shit out of <propfirst>'s mom and freddie'd it up with crazy little thing called love  i made girls dance, bitches  i made them dance "
"oh god, stop! just stop getting closer to saturday! someone get me a freeze <propfirst>!"
"i've said it once and i'll say it again, you guys are fucking boring  except <propmale>  he was in a car accident  that's exciting news  rest of ya' just suck man balls "
this man knows how to dance the dance of lust 
today is a day for silence  let my actions speak loud and clear 
"i've seen   blue skies! through the tears in my eyes   and i realize, i'm going home "
"today's the day  the operations i was running during this little vacation were operations spider on the wall and free love  spider on the wall worked brilliantly, however my ability to pull free love out of my hat crashed and burned  failure is a bittersweet pill when success runs the risk of death "
"everything considered, today was pretty decent  found out i'm loved "
"if you've suffered enough i can understand what you're thinking of, i can see the pain that you're frightened of  and i'm only here to bring you free love "
i need a new obsession 
"well, i'm all enrolled  it's an all or nothing gamble and i'm an all or nothing kind of guy "
"hi, i'm dorkus mcdingle douche "
"and now <propfirst> presents \things i wish i could become a fan of but can't because it doesn't exist!\"": hating when friends lose all their mystery and you can predict their actions and words  way to be douches """
i don't wanna miss a thing and come down can blend seamlessly together   it's almost terrifying 
you know what gets me hot and bothered? what really gets my engine revved up and ready to go? what makes me crave some decadent sin? do you want to know? me  that's right  me  in new work out clothes  if there ever was a man so effable   
you know what i just did? i bought two cds  two  i don't even remember the last cd i actually bought  i love the music that much that i threw money at the artist 
"hellfag? only if you count that one blowjob i got from your mom after her sex change, which, by the way, ended my stupid fat girl fetish "
"and now <propfirst> presents another chapter of \things i wish i could become a fan of but can't because the <propfemale> doesn't exist\"": that fiery rage you get when a girl's abused by her father boyfriend husband """
"like the dog returns to its vomit, so does the fool to his folly "
"among my regrets while in colorado, was that i never showed anyone the sure thing "
dear god   when did girls get boring? am i losing it?
blindsided  completely 
"what a fucking horrible night  glad it's over, god damnit "
i think i tore a tit muscle   
"what do you mean you cannot understand me? i am french, i speak the language of love! why, if you cannot understand me, then you do not understand love!"
"you want an e playful lanation? i got one for you, it's like my right hand on a saturday night, \it beats the hell out of me!\"""""
"the internet is like that bully who holds you down and talks about how he did your mom  only instead of me, it's my childhood  and instead of my mom, it's <propfirst> bravo  or rugrats  or tmnt  i'm going to go cry now "
"i think i will get a picture of one of you guys' face on my butt  to show that we are great friends  maybe i'll pick at random or hold some twisted contest where you all fight to have a spot on my ass   but either way, someone's face is goin' on there "
"and so i have completed the first unit of my training  cower, little fools!"
ha  lesbians 
i have opened up my own business and so the game begins  all i need now are my work clothes and clients 
i just now realized that i have some of the weirdest dreams when i take tylenol pm 
"i don't have time to pay attention to any of you, i'm far too busy bein'   delicious "
"<propfemale> dressed you this morning, my friend! and now fear is trying to tug your pants off and if you let it, then you'll be standing there cold and naked with fear laughing at your dangling unmentionables!"
i would just like to remind everyone that about this time last year i was given an email asking me to participate in an audition to be featured as a foot ninja in the next teenage mutant ninja turtles movie  i still cry about that dream never being realized   
"there, i have liked god on facebook  i want my bigger <propmale> and guinness now, please "
"i now have the entire oingo boingo discography  if <propmale> elfman's band did it, i have it  i can die happy "
"and now <propfirst> presents another installment of \things i wish i could become a fan of but can't because the <propfemale> doesn't exist\"": real martial arts  ffs """
pineapples!
so does not want to move to pueblo   
what a horrible night to have a curse 
"let it be known that today was truly the day rule 34 ruined my life and destroyed my entire perception of sex, sanctity of childhood and future mental health regarding both  june 21st was a dark, dark day "
today is definitely one of those days 
and now tonight is definitely one of those nights 
"i am determined to get an animal and name it science! and i will say it with a great rising voice! as if i were saying \welcome! to the world of tomorroooooow!\"""""
"oh, you know what you did  you fuckin' know what you did "
it was so beautiful 
"man, all this constant e playful osure to radiation is making me thirsty   "
i wish i had a cait sith   
"ah, i love when a plan comes together "
"man, some days i really wish the zombie apocalypse would happen and all the people i don't like get eaten "
"i don't have natural talent, there's nothing i've ever been good at the first time i did it  all these people getting celled prodigies and genius for putting no effort into things, keh! i'm a genius, too! i'm a genius of hard work!"
"she's a lady, whoa, whoa-whoa, she's a lady! talkin' 'bout that little lady! and the lady is mine!"
today i'm feeling rather pensive and nostalgic  for once i can't be assed to be an ass 
i am beating down sections and units and quizzes in my school left and right  i will be certified in no time!
"i hate tacos  i really, really hate tacos "
"through sheer willpower, a bad night became awesome  fear my mental abilities to turn the tide of whatever mood befalls my mortal frame!"
i find it hilarious that i'm studying fitness while eating a poor man's cinnabon 
"one thing i have always enjoyed about fourth of july is looking down the street at sunset and seeing e playful losions go off, smoke illuminating under street lights and people running up and down the block as yards set ablaze with e playful losions going off in the sky  it's a very soothing apocalyptic atmosphere "
today? one of the best days i've ever had 
i should create a workout based on training like the saiyans are coming 
bang! dead kid! mama's cryin' while she takes your drawings off the fridge!
"normally i scoff and then brutally insult people when they say i'm not manly enough, especially when the people they tell me i should be more like are hardly any more manly than myself, often times even less so because they assume to know everything about me , but after today i have found that i can indeed be more manly and have begun taking lessons from <propmale> mustafa himself  my top hat off to you, sir "
"after a very heated shouting match argument that took place entirely in my head, i feel much better about things!"
"nostalgia, it's not always a good thing "
it's the internet! i can say bitch!
i want to destroy something beautiful 
"today is the beginning of russian bear 5000's overtake of my soul  i'f i'm not ripping phone booths out of the ground and able to <propmale> them for blocks then i want my money back, russia "
"why don't you have anything to drink? choose one to making you better feeling! oh you japan, you're so intentionally innocent "
"what's up for today? evil dead, evil dead 2, army of darkness, drag me to hell, my name is <propmale> and zombieland  today is a day for deadites "
this is uncomfortable and semi-sexual 
"mmm, what's that delicious smell? it smells like bullshit "
"who's a good, clean boy? i am, oh yes, i am "
"there is a new kitten in this house and i had three names i was deciding on  project manhattan (seems so appropriate since my family is japanese), something racist (because it's a black cat) and a cat named science! (what isn't cool about that?) guess which i picked "
this is a quest for knowledge! and   semi-sexual deeds!
"it took me over a week, but i finished the longest part of my course  sleep time will be yummy time "
"all right, who wants to touch my mighty clogmonger?"
i realize i have not said many witty things as of late  i will now substitute my humor for humor from urbandictionary  prepare yourselves for the most insensitive and offensive definitions to ever grace your presence 
i love all my friends  especially that sexy one i talk to every morning  but i don't love you  you know who you are  bastard 
i hear they've started calling me sexy now 
i have the biggest urge to watch all of the x-files again   how i miss you <propfemale> <propmale> 
"well, i've got this real moron thing i do, it's called thinking "
"i'm waitin' for my invitation to arrive, i'm goin' to a party where no one's still alive "
"the ladies come for the entertainment, but they stay for <propfirst>'s clogmonger "
"nokia: a company with a wide range of phones  some you can drop in the toilet twenty times and get a decades use out of them, while others break the moment you push the on button \\\my phone fell into the latter category  i sweated on my phone and it broke  it slipped out of my hand and onto my desk and it broke  i licked the battery and it got fried   wait what?\"""""
i'm famous for being famous 
"he's a swindler and a chizzler, he's a liar, a crier, a grump, a frump, a user a boozer and   i hate him "
"\oh batman! i have like   100 lady boners for you!\"""""
"jeeze, you guys have been real boring lately "
"ah, the <propfemale> of travel  tomorrow is the big trip "
i live! again!
bad medicine has been stuck in my head all day   thanks  you know who you are 
"i see how it is, it's going to be one of those days today, huh? well played, <propfemale>, well played "
what a personals ad from me looks like: \single asian guy seeks single girl for preparation for impending zombie apocalypse  must have emotional detachment to bite victims," know how to handle firearms and use swords  not abject to repopulating the world once we single handedly kill off the zombies  cute is a plus \""\"2710799336a63137bf6e8fb551d64517,"*whistles* that was a bachelor weekend if i ever had one  and i've had quite a few  good times, just wish it was, you know   on the weekend "
"i need another dream that had the perfect soundtrack  that mashup of don't wanna miss a thing and come down was an awesome dream, but there's gotta be another one floating in my head "
i am on a computer without a certain key that begins words <propmale> and ove  the perfect time to substitute them with r's  unfortunatery my passwords have r's in them   
i can't be in a rerationship with myserf   but i rove myserf so much   
"i know what you're thinking, but it's not what you think it is  i'm running on a treadmill after you, i'm running on a treadmill now!"
"forget your singalongs and your lullabies, surrender to the city of the fireflies, dance with the devil in beat with the band to hell with all of you hand-in-hand! but now it's time to be gone forever!"
"<propfemale>, the <propfemale> tale's over, you should know, you got the scars to prove it  and your skin isn't as soft as it used to, but i don't care, come on you said it, baby "
"i see the bad and i see the good, this is no mere dichotomy because both are in perfect <propfemale>, it all just depends on my mood "
"love, gimme love, gimme love! i don't need it, but i'll take what i want from your heart and i'll keep it in a bag, in a box, with an x on the floor "
you bastards! give me back my hand! give me back my hand!
i don't necessarily fight crime so much as i   take care of problems that need to be solved with violence 
"this temptation, it gets-ah outrageous, it's such a sensation, a little bit contagious!"
"i don't know what i love more, creating the operation or successfully pulling it off  oh drawing board, how i love thee "
"ah, the <propfemale> of october is upon me  the season of autumn is shown in, the animals retreat for winter, the landscape changes <propfemale>ryday and that bone-deep chill settles in  it's my favorite time of the year and october is the usher  and like <propfemale>ry year, i have high hopes for me and my favorite month  very high hopes   "
"well i ain't evil, i'm just good lookin', start a little fire and baby, start cookin'!"
"i hate when i start a trend and only losers follow it, abuse it and then pass it off as their own thing  do you know how that makes me look? cryin' shame, i tell you "
i generally like everybody i meet  then i get to know them  i generally hate everyone i know 
y'know what? i ain't gonna slap ya' around  i'm bored slappin' ya' around  i'm bored with it 
"tonight felt like one of those scenes in an 80's movie  yeah, that justly describes it "
"baby, you must be crazy foolin' with a man like me, 'cause i roll my dice with a heart of ice!"
"right until the ends of the earth, i will get no sleep until i've found you to tell you   "
"today? yeah, today was all about me kicking ass at everything  october 19th shall hereby be known as the day of victory "
"oh life, you have a funny, funny way of turning a terrible night into a wonderful morning all because of one little thing  now to some time reading before passing out "
my new favorite hobby? reading lovecraft in one hand and doing hammer curls with the other 
in the sky with paisley llamas!
"things that make me happy: coming home on time \\things that make me fail to e playful ress my disdain in human words: manager tells me she doesn't allow shift switching  thanks daughter of <propmale> kelso, thanks "
you know what's a great system? school makes me work out and working out makes me want to do school 
"chocolate cake and egg nog, you do the soul good "
"oh the grand irony  i do four aisles and take two and a half hours on my last one and get chewed out for being slow  then i'm the first to leave work  you, madam, are a psychotic biddy "
"operation crank a success  survived bowling, work and now morning activities  thank you, spike, you nasty, nasty tasting concoction  heart rate still comparable to sexual tension, though   may need to look into that   woops, here comes 5-hour energy!"
'tis the night women dress like whores! whores will be whores and i will smite them with my jolly cane and they can rot in jolly hell!
"i can get used to watching a zombie apocalypse every week  thank you, the walking dead "
"forget <propfirst> evans as captain <propfemale>, you know who i would cast? <propfirst> mcduffee "
"son of a gum chewing, funk monster! why the fruit does all this funny stuff happen to me!? forget my life! always surrounded by miserable failing clods  like this whole world just likes to bend me over and find me in the alps, like i'm some? sort of shlock receptacle  well as far as i care, these miserable cows can have a fancy barbecue, with a god damn pig!"
"so long october, you month of wonder and perfection  hello november   back in the swing of making my life suck, i see "
"the darkness must go down the river of? night's dreaming, flow morpheus slow, let the sun and light come streaming into my life!"
"tried using snow to make me late to work, huh? well played, november, well played  it's on now, winter!"
it's official  my old batman shirt is my lucky shirt 
"this is how i shall always remember you, surrounded by winter, forever young, forever beautiful "
encyclopedia dramatica ruined my whole day 
today was a day of rock 'n' roll jammin' 
"honestly, i'm mostly disappointed  it shows zero character  you're a <propmale>  you're a <propmale>  and you, madam, are a <propmale> "
"today marks the day i officially had full cause and justification of using bender's voice and shouting \cheese it!\"" at work  it felt great """
lame   
"hmm, 70's or 80's? which do i want to listen to today?"
i have just bought something i have always meant to buy   
quote of the day from work: what were you two doing in the freezer? touching weiners together?
"work quote of the day: \you got any naked pictures of your girlfriend?\"" \""no   why?\"" \""you wanna buy some?\"""""
"work quote of the day: if you're serious for the girl then you need to stop playin' games and grab her, lay a kiss on her and tell her how you really feel - i want to penetrate you  and then you let me know ahead of time so i can get a camera and watch her slap you and take a picture "
