c0d5bb3c5426357642d24bd5dd74406f
"hmm, needs plans for the fourth of july  im open to suggestions   text?"
   reading? text 
this summer is quite boring  text?
"hey all dramies! in case you missed yesterday's meeting, there is a new notes <propfemale> on our website ( http annoyed  phhsdc yolasite com notes php ) check it out!"
it's 105 degrees  ughhhhh 
i don't go on fb enough  maybe i should start 
i've been thinking of creative cupcake recipes  who wants to help me make some?
sytycd!  love 
"watching work of <propmale>, this show makes me so inspired "
just saw ms  conn à the gym  haha 
"biffy just fell down the steps, is belting gaga, and having a conniption over what to wear  mlia "
"<propfirst> wall is the most amazing person & choreographer, his routine w  <propfirst> & <propfemale> made me bawl "
"so, anyone else hardcore excited for the degrassi: the boiling point premiere on monday? i am "
off to brooklyn  smile 
i got my permit  smile 
super excited about my mini vaca tomorrow! here we go beach! be back sunday!
home from a great mini vaca w  my baby sis  love  i'm pretty tan  it makes me happy 
summerland marathon? i think so 
oh wow  lol 
the line between love and hate is so faint its hard to believe it exists 
"sooo, i really wanna go see <propfirst> st  cloud  who wants to go?"
so   i want to do something tonight 
tyce d'orio sounds like tasty oreo 
slay the slore!
writing a story   ish 
this whole writing thing is actually working out  lol  win 
frozen watermelon is magical 
holy crap   it is a smurf from hell!
"just drove my mom to work, lol  picking out new glasses today "
"life is a show, in every shape of a rainbow "
pajamas are fuzzy
channel 177 is my life
"so, anyone else psyched but super nervous about the season finale of degrassi: the boiling point?"
"to all of my friends who are entering the college life, i will always love you no matter what, never forget that, & have an amazing time!  love "
on the road with <propfirst> & santino= my dream come true 
team veggie tales  ftw!
"so, i know its only september   but i can feel fall coming and that makes me so happy "
"sooo, i really wanna see easy a  can't wait till sept  17! lol"
"so, starbucks should be open like, 24-7, then life would be complete "
i officially already hate school   and it hasn't started yet 
attn: does anyone have powdered sugar? this is important 
ughhh  i have such a bad fever  why must my body decide to fall apart now?
"i want to see easy a, sooo badly  its a little bit of an obsession "
<propfirst> <propfemale> ginsberg & i have the best convos ever  love 
"w  <propfirst> getting his haircut, busy day  smile  then party tonighttt "
i like it by the door 
new hope  love  then babysitting later tonight  text all day 
"snooks is takin some fistpumpin' good pics with her boo boo, jwoww  love "
watching scooby-doo and the witch's ghost  love this movie!
stop making gremlin sounds!
"\meh\"" is the perfect word to describe how i feel right now """
attn all drama clubers participating in halloween at the hills: check your emails  love you all   love 
watching the wedding channel to distract myself from the pain radiating from my mouth  text me please 
is it really only 5:40? it feels so much later  maybe because i'm stuck in this house all day 
"yo  <propfemale>, i got a webcam  hit me up "
