0aa788d7e354fd71c6f5e1e0dbec6829
"hey everyone, i'm totally lost when it comes to facebook   smile "
can't figure out how to make the little bar on the bottom come back 
story of my life: i might get fired  brilliant    i'm trying so hard  how am i going to fare in the real world if i can't keep a job busing tables in a diner?
just bought a pair of audio technica ath-em7gm headphones from japan  my life is complete   
just realized that one of his pupils are bigger than the other one  that can't be good!
is sick of switching schools 
darnit! i can't go to the reunion!
"does anyone remember when i dropped my camera on the floor during camp? yeah, it ended up deleting the last picture i took, somehow  oops  |3"
wants his piano back    ;;
is bad at killing demons 
"i have to hand it to good seeders  after searching for months for something i needed, i finally found a torrent that had the file i was looking for  unfortunately, it was 3 years old, so i doubted anyone still was seeding said torrent  i was wrong  one lo"
"currently suffering from a mind block on a project i'm doing, ergh    i can't figure out how to continue from here "
can't    see    at all 
i'm going to go see district 9 at 1:45  i'm excited!
i feel    overwhelmed  i hope nobody feels like i'm ignoring them  i'm trying my best to talk to everyone 
things are not going well!
"why does working as a busboy take so much out of me?    god, how am i ever going to survive in the real world "
m 
"how do you say \i'm in love \"" in japanese?"""
"saw my friend <propfemale> in mcdonalds today  ah, it's so nice to see familiar faces  ^^"
"has eaten nothing but toast, <propfemale> bars, and soda from mcdonalds the past 2 days  i'm very healthy!"
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke just because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
majestic  amazing  rawr! kaleidoscope! bwehehe   
"well, 11th grade starts tomorrow morning    i'm going to die  i want to go back to mccann "
first day of school over  is it summer yet? x3
it's these rare moments that i wish i could e playful erience more  it's all good 
i saw 9 at the mall last night  critique? it was too short  ):
i want to play tropico 3  island simulation! woo!  laugh  (has loved the tycoon games since he was little )
pep rally at hoosac valley tomorrow  i'm wearing green and yellow  x3
i am sick and tired of big brother watching through the cameras in the ceiling at me 
i gotta stop playing these facebook games    it's going to eat me aliiiiive!  laugh 
bought a tracfone  it's coming in the mail soon  need <propfirst>   smile 
???   
i don't want to be confirmed  why? i just don't agree with the catholic religions beliefs  i do not want to be a part of this 
spent all my free cell phone minutes setting up my voicemail  haaah   
"hey guys, my cell finally came in  leave your number here so i can add you, if you'd like, and add me if you wanna!  playful  1 413 446 1364"
what's pictionary?
everyone seems so interested in their sixth sense today 
for all those zombie game lovers out there: left 4 dead 2 is now available for pre-order on steam!
i made my cell phone ringtone a tune from pokemon  i feel    oddly fulfilled 
fridays are like every other day after school for me  i wish i lived in at least a suburb or something   laugh 
i wanna go back to mccann    more than you even know  i'm dying over here 
is now addicted to the slightly damned webcomic  these furries are going to be the death of me 
"\i invented this game myself! you toss a rock in the air   \"" \""   and then you try to catch it!\"" \""   \"" \""   *bonk* owchie   \"" -buwaro"""
i feel chubby 
i'm just going to go play facebook games until 11 pm now       geeeez    life is so boring 
"i just heard a song that stirred deep-seated memories within me  wow, what a blast   "
"you know you need a new laptop battery when it's discharging faster than it can charge, and thus, dying while it's plugged into the wall!"
nnngh    i want to go somewhere! i need to get out of the house 
"a note from my father, found on the counter this morning when i awoke  \dear ding-dong boys: <propfemale> mother & <propfemale> has run away 2 join the cirkus  i has been gont go to be in parade in boston as <propfemale> of the prom  i will beat miss & ms  thing home by a few hours so dont make mess ok? dad\"""""
what am i supposed to say? ack   
oops 
i'm going to be a moogle doctor for halloween  is that okay?
who is this <propfirst> kid?! how dare he take my seat?! grrr   
i got my hair dyed and cut today 
my camera sucks 
ice cream ?
one of my friends has swine flu  i'm serious 
just learned about the difference between dating and being in a relationship 
-gasp- i have no food to serve in cafe world! ; ;
tonight ended on a good note with 90% of the people i was having conversations with  i feel    i feel content 
everyone is so different 
i keep telling myself that i'm going to hate this school - that i'm never going to get attached it  why is it so hard to not make friends?
my moogle hat came in the mail! ?
"open your eyes, you indifferent lack of emotion "
"we're all trapped in a maze of relationships, it seems  -sighs and stares at the ceiling-"
feels like his hair is wider than his waist    both of which are not good 
"i had the best time i've had in a long time, tonight  the dance was fantastic, and i had extreme bouts of nostalgia throughout the entire thing    i've never felt so warm, but that may be due to the fact that i was wearing 3 layers of clothing and a costume in a sweltering hot room with 90 other people, dancing for 2 hours straight  still   love "
oops  i was supposed to pay my friend back for that dance ticket   
"what's wine in a box, <propfemale>?"
"leap the precipice already, you darned nooblet!"
uke! *raises hand*
fucking ay  i always get into the worst situations 
my diet pepsi tastes like spagetti-os 
i think you can't be friends with everyone  if only i had realized that so much sooner  oof   
has a spaz attack about his hair  sigh  x_x
"stayed up late to play left 4 dead 2 the moment it came out - but it appears that's not happening tonight  oh, hell, now that math test tomorrow is going to eat me alive "
feels special 
avenue q  for now 
"i found a used tampon in the toilet in work, today  t_t remember that i'm a guy, people "
dating is the fruit which breaks your friends apart! i can't freaking take it! you're all a bunch of fools! why should i wait for it to 'settle down' when it happened in the first place?! this is what happens when you start envying every single person in your circle of friends!    i hate being the neutral one  i hope you all burn in hell 
(   i hope they like me )
sometimes i wonder why i keep running after things that are impossible to achieve  am i determined or just really stubborn?
"he who has a multi-faceted soul, he who speaks in riddles on his facebook status, i am "
"thinks it's funny how some of his friends in it really have no freaking idea what they're doing  we're in 11th grade, people! no, memory and hard drive space are not the same thing "
chord progression chord progression chord progression!
"i know i say some really corny things, sometimes  ^^~"
left 4 dead 2's main menu music sounds like railroad tycoon 
i wish i had nicer hair  >>;
do people actually like jewfros?
"you know how i said that i got my license? well, that's 50% true  i passed the road test with no strikes, so technically i got it, but i didn't have the right form, so i needed to get that and bring it home, with the $70 you need to get a license in my wallet  a week later, today, my mom finally decides she'll take me to get it  my $70 is gone, somehow  i hate you, wallet, and i hate you, hoosac! so much for driving "
"\   the sky  end of book one \"""""
"and yet distance and the rough spots in life are what brings us together in the end  i bid you well, my friends "
i'm ready for a day off  are you ready for a day off?
"if i get out of this alive, i am never, ever second-guessing myself again "
"for some reason i feel the need to text: \hi there!\"" to whoever is standing near me at that moment  just to make them stare at me in confusion  <propfemale> <propfemale>   """
"finding myself repeating the same daily routine, everyday  i need to get off this mountain and start living at one point "
i'm getting a strong <propfemale> megami tensei-esq  vibe from this trilogy    which is making me love it all the more  end of book two 
a little independence would be nice  just a little 
mom    i am not adding you to my facebook  deal with it 
don't say something nice about me  i won't leave you alone 
"today, i was described as arrogant "
"ah, fuck the depressing stuff  i love music  it always makes me feel better   smile  generic, i know, but whatever   playful "
"what's right, what's wrong, what to do, what do i do   ?"
ahh    fishsticks 
mom says my new sweatshirt looks faggish  mehh  -shrug-
chances of a return to mccann: good  chances of a return to mccann in one piece: bad 
"i love staying up late  parts of my brain that are off during the day are activated, and i am able to focus on anything and everything that involves on thinking about the world, as long as i have my music  this is fantastic "
"i have to stop watching animation movies  hell, i want to steal the brains of whoever writes these things "
i'm liking the non-existent efc   laugh 
"just learn<propmale> that my mom spent my savings account money to pay for driver's <propmale>, my permit, and my license, which i didn't really care about to begin with  thanks, mom  savings gone "
"apparently, my mom looked through all of my friends and is now bashing me for having friends who have different religious beliefs than her  swell!  smile  all of my statuses have to do with my mom, now  it's depressing, haha "
piano's busted   
memories can weigh you down  but hell if i don't keep trying to get this to work right up until february 2nd 
"haha, i just can't find a single video game i can get into   playful "
"i'm not sure if going to work feeling ill is the best idea  oh, well "
"although i have a ton of homework to do today, i feel fantastic for whatever reason  ^^ i hate you, hormones "
"homework finished    i am so completely burnt out, it's not even funny   laugh "
i just had the best nachoes ever   love 
"is confused about random facebook notification spam #8472: \ smile  omg! zombies are coming!\"""""
"mom, i want to be a composer  that means you have to let me actually play the piano in the living room sometimes, even if it 'annoys the hell out of' you "
"i got a bag of buffalo wing flavoured peanuts, and a bag of \wicked hot chipotle\"" flavoured peanuts!"""
feeling pretty    dead 
i never thought i'd be excited about getting to meet a political figure  i'm going to meet the mayor!
"a little dissapointed, but okay nonetheless  (one more week, and how my life goes for the next year and a half is set in stone )"
the roomba is eating my feet  -_-
"cruddy, demoralizing, short haircut  t_t;"
"everyone is so awkward and sad, tonight  come on, guys, cheer up "
"reverie is not only an amazing word, but is the perfect word to describe the activity the takes up the large majority of my everyday life "
"new router, hehehe  ^^"
hahaha! i feel like shit! wooo!
it's hard to sound interested in the nfl   laugh 
"i kinda like the new facebook, to be honest  it's rather sexy "
can't sleep  warrrraiiigggfeelterrrrible  laugh 
turmoil 
applied to a summer college program at ithaca college in ny  <propfemale> la ithaca!
"no, you're ugly  > sad "
"i'm stir crazy, stark mad, and violently ill  errrraaaghhh   laugh "
"darn you, summer college acceptance essays! you're not fun to write after staying up until 4 in the morning!"
i have a new found love for orange juice 
i hate imaginary <propfirst> 
"lol  my birthday cake: \happy birthday donte\"""""
do people just have some subconscious need to touch a person with curly hair's hair over and over and over? >_o
"2 surprise 0 am: hello  thank you for coming  my name is <propmale> <propfirst> \blunt\"" vittone """
"hate to be downy sounding, but geez, is mccann bittersweet "
new sims e playful ansion pack! yes!
i woke up this morning and freaked out because i thought my room was filled with smoke  turns out that my eyes just wouldn't open up all the way at first  sigh  >>;
"\combine a picture of you a friend and see how your kid would look without the mess!\"" lol wat """
"so, apparently we don't have to go to school tuesday because of bpa? huh? someone confirm this for me, i didn't know about this  d:"
mm    nitrous monster    it's like a party in my mouth   laugh 
"walking a 1 4 mile, at night, alone, is incredibly unnerving  <_>;"
"somebody, like, spray air freshener in my eyes or something "
"hello, my name is <propmale> vittone, and i am absolutely fed up with berkshire county  good day   smile "
"living in savoy kinda hinders, you know, doing anything "
i'd like flannel more if everybody wasn't wearing it now  hrmm   
"wishes his house would sell faster so he can move out of this dumpy, backwater town "
i wish i had gone to snow ball  t_t
"wants to make a sky lantern, like they do in indonesia "
high religious figures that are part of the catholic religion continue to make me retch 
how to train your dragon was ridiculously fun   smile 
"hey, i blogged about life! why don't you mosey on over and give it a quick read "
zebra blackjack? uh    i think facebook is running out of ideas 
"is having trouble finding positive things about mccann and is honestly regretting his decision, at least in a personal sense "
"so, uhh, my mcdonalds food wrapper melted to my desk a little because the food in it was so hot   confidential  whoops "
"today, i ate a turtle  whole  raw "
"i need more money, darnit   confidential  maybe i should put in an application at <propfirst>'s for this summer "
"spent the day in northampton with a few friends, and looked at e playful ensive clothes that i can't afford in urban outfitters   laugh  it was fun!"
"why does all of the important fun stuff happen at the same time? sheesh, i don't own a freaking cloning machine   "
i'm surrounded by idiots  =|
so sick 
going to school today - however much my body protests 
i like the eye picture because my skin isn't the colour of old paste 
"\to boldly go where no one has gone before \""  smile   love """
"my high, happy, confident mood is over and done with  back to low, quiet, and introverted "
"\c'mere <propfemale> i wanna kill you\"""""
dear all customer service representatives: please stop referring to me as ma'am  thank you 
missed lunch yesterday  lost 4 pounds  wtf?
that new axe twist scent smells like sprite or <propfemale> mist or something 
does anyone else keep getting friend requests from random 20-something girls with suggestive pictures?  indecision 
tired? depressed? then try giant sword! slash the living fuck out of anybody you want and bask in the warm feeling   smile  -is not entirely sadistic  not entirely -
plans destroyed  depression yes  things never work out quite the way you wish they would 
last day of sunday school  good; i hope i never have to do that again   laugh 
it's not good when 70-year old women call you sexy  not good 
did anyone of you go to crooked? how was it?
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaage!
i'm going to the carnival  wewt 
"i cleaned out my bookcase, and found some old green day, good <propfemale>, and <propfirst> <propfirst> albums  yeeeeeeahh"
"\om nom nom nom nom nom ow \"""""
"i need glasses! auugh, why does nothing look good on me"
i <propfirst> an awesome face on the watermelon in the fridge 
sims 3 ambitions get  love 
sad
i'm not through yet!
"tornado watch, again? the hell?"
surfer werewolf? no? how about a zombie ballonist? super scribblenauts   smile 
"there's a lot of different personalities in it, which is cool  unfortunately, it makes everyone hate each other   confidential "
"hey, you! yeah, you, class of 2011! grow the hell up "
"oh, forgive me for not wearing clothing that's from [insert trendy store here] "
"my hermit crab is hanging upside down on a log suspended in the cage, and moving along the bottom of it   surprise "
"just realized that he may have left his hat at the summer camp, t  i,  he went to  last july  d'oh  ><;"
i really wish i could get myself to be interested in watching playing sports sometimes  =[
i just saw toy story 3   smile  it was awesome!
"blarrrg, i am not excited about finals monday and tuesday "
why is it so humid -sob-
it's over! muahaha! now i get 5 days of summer vacation before i go back to school - in new york!
heading to ithaca college for 3 weeks - in about an hour! wish me luck!
just inhaled half of a pool's worth of water  -~-;
"top story in the ithaca journal: \we're sick of albany's shenanigans!\"""""
is wearing pants and flip flops  i feel like a rebel   smile 
"no, google maps, i do not want directions from fairbanks, alaska to the middle of brazil!"
"this college thing is a blast other than the blaring *doof, doof, doof* music in the dorm room next to mine!  laugh  *bangs head on the wall*"
"i buy a fan, and suddenly it's dropped from 90 degrees to 50 degrees, everyday "
"\snake bursts after gobbling gator\"" - \""the burmese python tried to swallow its fearsome rival whole but then \",0aa78 laugh 7e354fd71c6f5e1e0dbec6829,just ordered from wings over ithaca on campusfood http annoyed  campusfood com
"my hair, eet's gone!"
"professor gossa: \i liked your hair better the other way  <propmale> <propmale> would be very upset   \"""""
i think i've already got a centimeter of my hair back    it's like a freaking plague   laugh 
i'm melting i'm mellllltiiing  dx
campusfood com is going to be the death of me 
"yay, darien lake tomorrow! please don't rain "
every single status i see is girls saying how much they hate guys  =[
i'm going to screw up my directing so bad  dx
yeeeeah octopus
i can't believe i haven't been home for almost 3 weeks  o o
3 weeks went by so fast  :[
"sitting at home watching <propfemale> trek at midnight, eating some ritz crackers  i suppose things don't change that much  ><"
is anyone going to that beach battery thing on friday at onata lake that can give me a ride?
random rural massachusetts-ian kid in the middle of a bunch of city kids? yarrrr  d:
quit comparing yourself to others  just because you got played shitty cards doesn't mean you have the right to take it out on everybody else 
"just found a blog all about taking mris of food, such as cucumbers "
i got a lg cosmos - pretty nifty little phone   laugh  anyway  my new phone number is 14138845273  cheers!
"tired, tired, tired, bed  nuh   "
"the can of air freshener in my bathroom says that it's effective against aids and hepatitis b  ladies and gentlemen, i have found the cures!"
testing the texteration phone thingy 
testerating the texteration mechanic on the phone   laugh 
just ran out of <propfemale> trek episodes to watch    fuck  =[
"you know what's amazing? depending on the clothing i wear, different groups of people suddenly think i'm cool enough to talk to  what is this? i should go around wearing the 'save the whales' t-shirt more often, just so i can get snobby looks out of you fakers "
i think the protoss and e laugh eath would get along well  kudos to anyone who gets it 
dancing to the frogger (1997) soundtrack in the kitchen while cooking a pizza   laugh 
"can i say something is \really sobering\"" if i haven't had a drink in my life?"""
ow    jeans too small    need new jeans    >_o
i already broke the ipod touch i got off ebay  i gotta stop touching things 
enjoyed my first day of karate   smile 
my hermit crab died     sad 
"come on, ipod, i want to play fruit ninja! *hiss*"
going to watch cats and dogs   laugh 
"when does school start again? seriously, i need some variety here, even if it's just different chapters in a textbook "
i'm allergic to polyester?! wtf? so painful   
drank <propmale> grey tea - it nade me feel like <propfirst> luc picard   laugh  and there's a british family at table 29!
why are there so many cucumbers in the refrigerator?!
my personality has more curls than your personality  >:i
simcity deluxe is sooo much fun  :b die sims die! muahaha!
you darn kids today with your newfangled gadgets and nic-nacs and what-not! when i was your age the price of bread today!
"everytime i open the freezer, something hard and frozen falls out and hits me on the foot! ><"
"i need to get a new bag for school - preferably a messenger bag  i like those  i've been looking around, but i can't find a website with a good selection   -  halp?"
"\no! no! noooooo don't let him hug you!\"""""
why are shoes more e playful ensive than actual clothing?
just played some intense piano    my arrrrms  ~_~
"it doesn't matter if i force my voice to be deeper or not, i always sound funny  :i"
it seems that i've exhausted my usefulness 
\oh goood," my stomach hurts sooo bad   \""\"0aa78 laugh 7e354fd71c6f5e1e0dbec6829,"oooh, don't put gladware in the microwave   "
"\what do you mean a diary is called a journal if you're a guy? why didn't anyone ever tell me this?!\"""""
"first day of school was pretty swell  o: it was so hot, though  ;~; keep voting for that skate park, people!"
"being a jerk doesn't make you cool, you selfish morons  > <"
"i love it how absolutely everything stops in the diner when a double rainbow appears in the sky, and everyone goes outside to take pictures of it  >w<"
writing journal entries makes me feel fuzzy   playful 
"when your soda tastes like liquid cardboard with a little salt, you know you're sick   annoyed "
sick and miserable  fffffuuuuck   annoyed 
"is talking in his sleep, apparently   annoyed "
i don't get why the jerks and douchebags who run around my school openly insulting their 'friends' behind their backs are the most liked 
"bad hair day? nah, my hair is just a rebel "
it's funny - i have a feeling that a lot of people in my school brag about playing sports  just so they have an excuse for their superiority complex  >w>
"\the hostess will seat you \"" i have to get a \""host\"" sign    it's demoralizing to stand here with this sign   laugh """
i listen to classical music at night 
"my computer yelled in the middle of shop: \the quick brown fox--\"" stupid google translate   laugh """
looking at jupiter through a telescope   smile  i can see four moons as well  it's awesome!
"i'm going to check out the university of new haven tomorrow, so i won't be in school  woo hoo~ stay away, ccna discovery 2  x_x"
the ice cream truck i just walked past was giving away free ice cream and stuff! snow cooone 
i love it how the world ends in the 15 minutes that facebook was down 
i can't fit my hair into my hat  ><
"yeah, i just played civilization for 3 hours straight!    bah   laugh "
i like the salty breeze there is when you're within a mile or two of the ocean 
"concussion! fuck, ow "
"i caved and bought civilization 5  the demo just wasn't enough, even though my computer isn't powerful enough to really run it all that well  :< time to tweak the graphics settings!"
i can now break apples in half with my finger  thanks <propfirst>   laugh 
i'd worry about the sats i have to take on saturday more if my eyes didn't feel like they were going to fall out of my head aggh 
"\you're just angry because my hair is poofier than your hair \"""""
"i had some freshmen tell me that i look like <propmale> <propmale>, today    -shudder-"
"et tu, <propmale>? then fall caesar  *nuclear bomb* \caesar has been defeated \"""""
"big, important, college acceptance-based, standardized test today! and then work  and then most likely passing out from mental and physical anguish "
"someone said hi to me as i exited phs this morning  i don't know who it was, because i didn't see them  this depresses me "
"oops, forgot to eat again   -  yay!"
pssst    shibboleet 
"i wonder what people would say if i asked them to describe why they're wearing purple, today, in one word  defiance? solidarity? pride? support?"
"you know, i'm slowly starting to see why everybody else is finding shop rather irritating "
"apparently, i accidentally quoted coldplay  who is coldplay?  - "
i hope college is more than just high school that you have to pay for 
il m<propmale>e incarnato  di fronte <propmale> buio  allegoria di nerezza  nerezza <propmale>l'interno di negativita?  these songs sure are cheery for having such dark names  ;w;
sat scores come in tomorrow  guuuh  ;-;
"1810    geez, it had be right in the middle  now, i can't be furious or delighted   _ "
i'm on the bus with <propfirst> crews in all caps 
\   \,0aa78 laugh 7e354fd71c6f5e1e0dbec6829,"oh, god    oh, god, i have little mermaid songs stuck in my head "
don't activate that one month free trial of netflix  you'll regret it with all of your being  ;w;
ice skating in north adams  i'm going to break a bone by the end of the night   annoyed 
"-looks out window- wow, it's getting late, i should probably take a shower and get to be--oh wait it's only 5 pm, nevermind "
i didn't know that they actually made wonka brand chocolate! dude!
"going to see megamind at the mall tonight, probably alone  d'oh   - "
these ritz crackers taste like bacon 
"fuck, boiler's out  :< no hot water "
finding waves upon waves of bad reviews for the colleges that you want to go to is never uplifting 
agh why are my windows open
seniorpaperseniorpaperseniorpaperseniorpaper    *sizzle*
yahoo! i got accepted into the university of new haven!
happy mashed potato day! i looove mashed potatoes 
"just got a $16,000 presidental scholarship and a $1,000 writing award for college next year! thank yooou, new haven    ;w;"
"capitalism, hooo!--wait, no, i suck at this  ;-;"
"\it's not my fault that i didn't grow up on vulcan like you squints \"" \""i    don't know what that means \"""""
"dentist appointment for 3 hours due to brother, sister, and father, immediately followed by a financial aid meeting?! come on, i want to eat  d:"
subsubsubsubsubsubsubsubsubnet!
it's december! change your profile picture to a pokemon or the government will come to your house and eat your face 
"booth: \we don't make zombies  (talking about catholicism versus voodoo)\""\",0aa78 laugh 7e354fd71c6f5e1e0dbec6829,getting a pair of much needed glasses  i'll be able to recognize people when they're more than 3 feet away! >w<
<propfirst> bravo was the best show 
"i'm astounded  the mayor of west haven, connecticut is \mayor picard\""  i love it! >w<"""
werewolves with british accents are pretty amazing 
"\the quickest way to make time pass is to go unconscious \"" falling asleep in class is justified!  w"""
"gagh  i hate it when i think i turned in an assignment, but i really didn't  so much for that a "
"i wish my goddamned divorced parents would move into different houses, already  this is getting absolutely ridiculous "
my brachium is concave! d:
i just wasted 45 minutes talking to myself in the mirror  the hell?
"the one day i forget a hat, i have to walk in 30 mph winds! ><"
got a new watch for christmas - it ticks!  surprise 
nintendogs and cats   smile  yes!
"is eating at <propfemale> tuesday's, where they don't have onion straws anymore nooooooo!"
this sprite tastes like vegetables   
i suck at just dance 
i got my <propfemale> trek communicator working  >w>
frozen 
"was it snowing really hard or something? because i just woke up and it's like there's    nothing  whatever, snow day! :b"
fourth place in internetworking! bahaha    i'm actually pretty happy about that  i have a gap in my education! yeah! \\o 
i hope the town snow plows break down overnight or something 
"arrg! i have to stop anticipating snow days, because they don't happen - where's my coffee   "
"i'm losing molecular cohesion! at least, my mind is "
click on the lightwell!
is learning how to cook 
"you're going to get devoured, 1-inch thick scholarship packet! even if it does lead to a stiff neck for the next week!"
there's that one house on north summer st  in adams that's going to be reaaaally mad 
coffee makes me feel horrible  (excruciating stomach pain) d:
i'm making a status update about my negative mood 
i love dove-brand soap 
"cleaning out my bookcases, finally  finding a lot of stuff from <propmale>  it's good nostalgia "
"if you and your 16 friends want to come eat at the diner, don't do it 15 minutes before we close, okay?"
"whilst cleaning out my room, i discovered that i have accidentally stolen science and history books from at least 4 grades "
"aaah, another wonderful week of pain and torture!  smile  (school, not bdsm, be quiet )"
where'd this nervous breakdown come from?
"augh, what possessed me to start reading homestuck "
"i keep accidentally dressing in the primary colors  you're not waking me up enough, coffee!"
"ups is ridiculous  oooh, there's a slight breeze and a dusting of snow on the ground! i can't deliver your packages for the umpteenth time!"
i'm going to go make coffee at midnight!
"didn't even know what a hazelnut was until today  as it turns out, they're delicious   laugh "
my progress report says that i failed gym for not wearing clothes  d:
just got my financial award letter from university of new haven - i'm very happy with the amount  c:
1:58    1:59    3 surprise 0  arg 
"\historians admit making up the ottoman empire\"""""
"go away, relentless facial hair -razor razor razor-"
every day is a bad hair day   sad 
"is reading the \it gets better\"" book """
i don't understand why or how people link homosexuality with promiscuity and pedophilia  and also the devil  i mean    honestly  ignorant fools!
i guess we're    getting 20 inches of snow? i'm dumbfounded 
just had a great time at the 411 in the 413 event at hancock shaker village   laugh 
being sick sucks!
"o gravity, thou <propmale> a he<propmale>less bitch "
annnd suddenly i'm as nervous as hell about college again 
"you know, i've really grow accustomed to shit hitting the fan  urrruaagh "
is eating at panchos! it's delicious   smile 
wants cookies 
"is improvising a cake  woo! my frosting is going to be whipped cream, chocolate syrup, some nesquik powder, and    i dunno  i hope it tastes good "
i wish there was a supermarket in savoy  i want to buy some avocados 
i ran my hands back through my hair once and it tripled in volume   sad 
listening to christmas music  fuck 
