067519c69d0284a6ee98cdbf1a66143b
all i have to say is    wow!
i'll stand by you   
 wink  351-3805
rain  love 
i don't wanna give up 
is hungry!
i love sleeping in the r  love  a  love  i  love  n!!!!
"sittin in my hot house, moondogs game later then going to <propfirst>'s  smile "
ice cream  smile 
?  love   its a hell of a good day to die  love  ?
is pumped to see the lancers win tonight in the lake <propfemale> parade!  smile 
is thinking of that boy  love 
 smile 
haha slut!
i want to kiss you but if i do i might miss you  love 
what are you going to do with that thing?
"i wanna kiss you but if i do i might miss you, babe"
is ready for bed!
is it the weekend yet?
is making banana bread for her mom's birthday!  smile 
"is eating, gettin ready, then goin out!"
is really hot!
has a feelin that tonight is goin to be a good night! call text  wink 
this is making my head hurt!!!!!
"is gettin ready, then out for the night! goin to <propfirst> in the am for the parade  smile "
is goin to a birthday party and then who knows?
is blah!
is bored! going to a birthday party later then who knows?
fml
" love  you jump, i jump "
mmmmm bored 
asshole!
"is goin to bed, i hope that the weekend is better then my week   sad "
"is around the house,maybe goin to the land later "
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and i  it can be anything you want it to be good or bad  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised what people remember about yo"
happy 4th of july!
is goin to bed after a long day out at the land!  smile 
i rather do nothing and be happy then do something that i hate 
is really tired 
is goin to watch a moive and go to bed!
wants to go swimming!
is bored!
lets play a love game  love 
wishes she could go to the cities for the parade tonight  sad 
wants chicken nuggets!
is goin to have some raspberry jello!  smile 
i  love  rain 
"don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful  they all can get fucked, just stay true to you   love "
sometimes hates watching love movies cuz it just makes her sad after   
"thinks its time to say \ good night!\"""""
"so there is this boy, that i just can't stop thinking of  love "
is thinking about tryin out for minn brass
"cleaning, gettin ready then workin out for a bit "
is sick of filling out job apps but is going to get more 
?shine
:: follow your  love  ::
fundays is lame!
"is bored! goin to watch a movie,maybe have some ice cream    "
"is getting ready,goin shopping, then who knows   "
is ? burned  sad 
needs a nap    fireworks tonight?
doesn't feel good 
"is gettin ready, runnin around town then who knows"
" love  i guess you just never know   love  <propfirst> you are in my prayers, i love you "
rest in peace <propfirst> <propfemale>  love 
"is sick to her stomach     rip <propfirst>, i miss you already  love  ilu"
its hard to be strong when all i can think about is how she is gone  tryin to keep a smile on and having the faith that one day we will meet again  love  <propfirst>
"is better, tryin to have faith  i think i need to get out of the house, pie in the park if it doesn't rain!  love  rip ash love you"
"is better, tryin to have faith  i think i need to get out of the house, pie in the park if it doesn't rain! ? rip ash love you haha ps i hate <propmale> potter!"
i hate <propmale> potter!  smile  lol rip ash ilu
wants the week to be over and done with!  love  rip ash ilu
is goin to see if she can sleep tonight  ilu ash
watch over us all my <propfemale>  love  ilu
this is the worst and the longest week ever! rip ash ilu
learn as if you were going to live forever  live as if you were going to die tomorrow  --mahatma gandhi  > the past week has really made me think about life and really grow  thank you to all my friends i love you all  < <propfirst> you will never be forgotten!
learn as if you were going to live forever  live as if you were going to die tomorrow  --mahatma gandhi  love ash
is goin to watch a movie and go to bed early tomorrow is goin to be really long and really hard! love you ash  love  rest in peace
is gettin ready for something she is really not ready to go to! rip ilu ash
is not ready for this but here we go    rip ash  love  ilu
"is pretty tired, its been a longgg hardd week  but what doesn't kill us make us stronger  going to try and sleep before tomorrow  rest in peace <propfirst> baby i love you to the <propfemale> and back  love "
she is in a better place now  rest in peace <propfirst>  love 
that was the lonnngest week of my life!
is gettin ready and then who knows? give me a call or text   love ash
doesn't feel so good 
i love rain don't you?
wants to go swimming   smile 
thinks its time for bed! good night to all   smile 
"is getting ready, eating, cleaning and maybe goin to the pit "
cleaning and watchin oprah!
"life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets  so love the people who treat you right, forget about the ones who don't and believe that eveything happens for a reason  if you get a <propmale>, take it, if it changes your life  let it! nobody said i"
"<propfirst> saved my life  she taught me everything  about life, hope and the long journey ahead  i'll always miss her  but her love is like the wind  i can't see it, but i can feel it   love  rip watching a walk to remember and going to bed text me   3513805"
"is relaxing then cleaning, and cooking "
is goin to her sisters 
is goin to watch the karate kid  love 
is doin nothing!
is goin to shower and get ready then finding something to do  hit me up   
is doin her hair and makeup then maybe goin to bingo
is bored! text me plz    
wishes sometimes life was like a cook book with everything planned out for you   
is goin to call it a night!
is relaxing at home give me a call text if you want to do something 
"is gettin ready, watchin secert life and then goin out for dinner   then idk"
is at home    maybe goin out in a bit 
is tryin to find something to do call or text me 3513805    
is eating some lunch and then gettin ready for the day 
wants to get her hair cut and colored!  smile 
"i told myself i won't miss you, but i remember what it feels like beside you  love "
is goin to watch a movie and call it a night!
"is goin to take nap, goin to bingo and then out with my girl later "
is goin to bingo then out with my girl   laugh 
rain  love 
"is goin shopping, then gettin my hair colored and cut  laugh "
is showering and getting ready!
i guess i found out my true friends   
is goin to bed after a fun night   thanks to my true friends   love 
a real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out    
"is getting ready, cleaning a little, then goin out to the land!  smile "
is lovin life  love  gettin ready then out with the girls for the night!  smile  hit me up 
is goin out with you the girls!  smile  <propfirst> <propfemale>  love  i miss ya girl wish you were here  rip
"i don't care if i never see you again  i'll be alright! take this final piece of advice and get yourself together,but either way baby, i'm gone   i'm so over it, i've been there and back   love "
i always thought i could trust you  but i guess that's not the case  all the years that i loved you  you were out there playing the games  > live this down  love  papa roach 
wow what a long day   im goin to finish it off with the ppl who make me smile!  smile 
is out on the town with my girl! hit me up 
is goin out to the land then to bingo later 
is goin to play some bingo and them maybe goin out with the girls!
can't wait for the week to start!  smile 
is getting ready then running around town looking for a job!
is relaxing at home  text me 
is i don't know    
is goin to big dogs and then who knows  text me 
is making a cd then goin to bed early   goin to moa all day torn with the girls!  smile 
is goin to bed and then goin to moa in the morning!  smile 
is goin to moa for the day!
"is home, maybe goin to take a nap "
is gettin ready and find something to do in this lame ass town!
is goin to watch make it or break it again!! hehe i love love love that show  smile  then off to bed     
is goin to the lake with my girl!  smile  textme 
"is getting ready, goin to rounders then who knows  textme "
<propmale>'s world its party time excellent <propmale>'s world its party time excellent!!!!  love 
is goin to get ready for the day! textme 
is really bored!
"is getting ready,packing,and maybe cleaning a bit "
is goin to jackpot with the whole family!!!  laugh 
is relaxing and then getting ready for steph's party!  smile 
really really really wants to go to mudvayne on wed!!!!!!!!
secert life!!!!  laugh 
had a good night now off to bed  smile 
lol i love love love you too!  smile 
one day till the concert!
is cleaning the basement!!! fun fun     not
has now been cleaning the basement for 3 hours     and its not even half way done! kill me now please
can't wait for mudvayne!!!!  smile 
is getting ready and runnin around town before the concert!  smile 
mudvayne concert  love  was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
got a job!  smile  goin out of town till sat then i have my frist night of work!!!!!
is home just relaxing for now   might go out later with the girls!
is thinking if there is anything to do in the lame ass town?!
is off to bed! good night
is relaxing at home for a bit 
is off to her first night of work!!!  laugh  then goin out afterwords  wish me luck
just got done with her first night of work   it went pretty good  now goin for the night  hit me up 3513805
does not feel good  sad  goin to bingo then maybe goin out later if i feel better 
is getting ready then out for the night   i hope i feel better 
is bored at home    
is getting ready then who knows text me     
is gettin ready and then goin to see my em and baby <propmale>!
is relaxing at home waiting for secert life and make it or break ir!  smile 
"is watching secert life & make it or break it , then idk "
"is goin to bed   it only tues, this week is goin to go soooo slow!  sad "
is bored     text me
is relaxing at home      text me 
is wanting to know whats goin on tonight? text me 
is getting ready then finding something to do in this lame ass town!      text me   love 
is out for the night!                               text me   love 
even if it kills me im gonna smile   love 
is getting ready for work tonight!
come play bingo        i work tonight!  smile 
egg rolls  smile 
"is relaxing at home,getting ready,goin to work and then out with my girl!       text me  love "
is gettin ready for work and such     
is working!  smile  then goin out for the night      hit me up 
fucking sick   i don't want to see that shit! lol goin out for the night and tryin to get that pic out of my head   smile 
woo hoo for friday!  smile 
"is gettin ready, making dinner then goin out for the night!  smile "
em is coming over with baby <propmale>! goin out later    hit me up  love 
"is gettin ready, work 5 smile 0 to 9ish then goin out      "
is really tired    goin to watch a movie and call it a night 
is being lazy till she has to work 5 smile 0 to 8ish    
is getting ready then off to work     
is working till 8 smile 0ish and then who knows after that  textme 
"is goin to have a lame night at home     cuz everyone starts school in the am, but not me  smile "
whats goin on tonight?
"is really in the mood to sit around a fire, listen to some music and <propfemale> with friends     "
is goin crazy because i am sooooo bored out of my mind! haha  smile 
mmmm watching a movieee and goin to bed!  love 
is relaxing at home      
is getting ready and then goin to see <propfirst>      
"is getting ready, goin to my interview at 9 then goin out after that  smile "
is goin to her interview!!!!!  smile  then goin out after words    wish me luck!
"i hope you don't mind, i hope you don't mind that i put down in words   how wonderful life is now that your in the world  love "
is goin bingo then out with the girls!  smile 
is still really tired  sad 
no work and no play makes me a dull boy 
is listen to mudvayne! lol
"is goin to bed, gotta rest up for the weekend!  love "
is goin camping for the night with family and friends!  smile 
is goin to work and then out for the night!  smile 
"is taking a nap, goin to work and then 2nd interview!"
is goin to my 2nd interview and then maybe goin out! t c me  smile 
started with a perfect kiss then we could feel the poison set in  perfect couldn't keep this love alive  love 
is gettin ready and then goin out for the night!
is relaxing at home watching a movie 
till next year     so long my sweet summer   love 
is relaxing at home and maybe goin later    text me 
is watching a knight's tale with <propmale> ledger!  love 
is goin out with my bre!  love 
"is relaxing at home, getting ready, work 6 smile 0- 9 smile 0 then goin out afterwords "
"is getting ready,working bingo then goin out after   textme "
bedtime  the end 
is goin to a meeting then working on some flag moves for my colorguard!!!!!!!  smile 
is goin camping and maybe hitting up some parties later  text me 
whats goin on tonight? textme 
is working then who knows what the night will bring    textme 
is pretty sleepy  maybe i will take a nap 
wants to do something     textme 
is bored    textme 
loving you isn't really something i should do - shouldn't wanna spend my time with you - that i should try to be strong - but baby you're the right kind of wrong  love 
is getting ready and then goin to work for a bit 
"is going shopping for work clothes    first day in the am, im so excited!"
is really excited for her first day of work! 9am on 9 9 09 lol
"is watching pretty women, maybe a nap  wrokin bingo later "
around 2 - working at the club  then who knows      
"had a really long day    goin to bed, workin at fridays ,shopping,then working bingo! fun fun ?!"
"is getting ready, and then goin out for the rest of the night  text me "
woot woot for the weekend! i wish i didn't have to work 12 - 9pm torn   sad 
well im out! peace  smile 
is working 12- 9pm 
is goin to bed its been a really lonnng day 
is working 6 to close 
is getting ready and then working 4 smile 0 to 8!  smile 
is working again tonight!  smile 
the notebook = l  love  v e
is getting ready and then running around doin some errands 
is working bingo! and then goin out with everyone afterwords 
"is tanning, getting ready, goin to work then goin out with my girl!  smile "
has monday off  yay!
is so tired  goin to relax in the tanning bed and then go to bed! yay for not having to work torn   smile 
is loving the rainy day on her day off   smile 
has her first colorguard class in the am! woot woot
"is goin to bed, i have to be in waterville at 715 for my first colorguard class!  smile  working at fridays 12 to 7      then who knows "
is really tired  the end 
is pretty tired but i need to go out for a bit 
is already sick of working 3 jobs  booo
"crawling in my skin these wounds, they will not heal fear is how i fall confusing what is real  linkin park  love  crawling "
kinda feels sick     i hope i feel better before work   sad 
just got home from shopping with bre! now im goin to get ready and then goin to work from 4 smile 0 to 7 smile 0ish    text me if you wanna <propfemale> out tonight   wink 
feels like shit    but still goin to work 5 smile 0 to 11  sad   then goin out with bre!
just got off work   now goin out with my girls! peace 
"is getting ready, eating and then goin to work "
its wayy to cold for my liking    cleaning the house for my mom on my day off 
is really colddd 
is goin to bed soon  colorguard class at 7 smile 0am then working at fridays 11:45 to 7ish  and its pay day so i will be doin some shopping too!  smile 
"its been a really lonnggg day    im goin to curl up with a blanket and watch a movie, maybe tan too before bed "
"doesn't have to work tonight, so im goin to play some bingo!  smile "
is working bingo then goin out 
is getting ready to go out with the birthday girl! happy bithday breah!  love 
whats goin on tonight? text me  smile 
is goin out for the night!
is working bingo then who knows 
wishes it could be next weekend right now 
theres nothing like a great monday to start the week!
is getting ready then who knows 
"is getting ready, gettin my pay check, goin to the bank, cleaning my car then working bingo "
is working bingo then who knows  text me
needs a new third job!
is working bingo then goin out afterwords 
"what a lame day    goin to bed, lunch with breah, job searching, cleaning, then goin out! yay friday baby "
goin out with the girls  hit me up!
is not feeling too good today  annoyed 
is having dinner with the rents then goin out with bre later!  smile  text me 
is having some soup like breah told me to and then gettin some rest 
is relaxing at home    might go to mystic tonight 
is watching a movie in bed and falling asleep 
is gettin ready and then goin out for a bit 
"is watching <propfemale>, takin a nap then hangin out with my girl!"
3 months today  sad 
"is taking a nap, getting ready, hanging out with bre and goin to see <propfirst> "
is watching baby <propmale> then hanging out with bre when she gets off work 
is getting ready and then goin to work     
"is getting ready, working 6 smile 0 - 9 smile 0ish then who knows? textme "
is bored watin to go out for the night!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, boom boom   love  goin out text me "
is working bingo   smile 
is getting ready and then goin out later with tiff and bre 
fuck it 
is bored so i spend my time on picnik 
what a long weekend     goin to watch a movie then go to bed 
got the job!  smile 
is picking up breah and then goin out! check ya later  smile 
is goin to bed  first day at my new job in the am   
"is goin to bed  colorguard @ 7 smile 0, crab deck @ 9:45 and then bingo @ 6 smile 0! yay for working all 3 jobs "
i think im in love with sleeping   love 
is kinda freaked out after reading about 12 21 2012 
is working bingo and then goin out with my girls!
movie night with my girls!
feels like shit!
"is still sick   goin to bed, working bingo, getting my hair done by my mommy  smile  then goin out wtih my girls to party it up  hey you only live once right?"
has the day off!  smile 
"is getting ready, working at the crab deck and then goin out with the girls!  smile "
goin out with my 3 amigos!  smile  text me 
movie night with the girls!
gettin some shut eye  night kids 
"is getting ready, working bingo and then hangin out with my girls "
i miss her so much   sad 
"goin to bed, i hope i feel better in the am    workin and then goin to see ash   sad  4 months      "
"whats goin on tonight? getting ready  then goin out, textme "
is really cold!
fml the end 
is getting ready then out  text me 
"no, the party don't start until i walk in   love "
wow what a weekend 
"is goin to work, then maybe havin a movie night to end a great weekend  text me "
movie night with my girls 
bedtime 
working 2 to 7 then who knows  text me 
going to get some taco <propfemale>!  smile 
really bored  text me 
"really needs to go to bed  working till 2 torn, then who knows "
i wanna dance in the rain with you   love 
can't sleep again! text me 
"7 hours of work down, 4 more to go    then who knows what the night will bring text me "
pumpkin cheesecake!
working black friday 12-8 and then goin out with my girls! text me 
is tired as hell from this crazy weekend! hangin out with bre and <propmale>  working bingo at 6 smile 0 and then movie night?
question: hey how do you wake up lady gaga? answer: pokerface
i don't know what to think anymore 
is working then who knows 
i want your love 
is hoping for the best   sad 
needs to go to bed but has too much on her mind  working in the am and then cleaning afterwords oh and can't forget girls night with the family!
what happens on my bus stays on my bus 
goin to see blindside with the fam!
feels sick  sad 
is it the weekend yet?
where's my cheese?
shot me  ahhh today is going to suck   sad 
"working tll 2, naping, workin again and then the weekend begins! textme "
it is sooo beautiful outside!  smile 
"tanning, goin to work and then who knows  textme "
had a day from hell! but then again i did find $10      resting up for the wild weekend ahead   smile 
got her nose pierced!  smile 
call me mr flinetstone i can make your bedrock 
meet me halfway 
i worry too much!    sad 
this winter is gonna to suck i can already till     i have a cold again  boo  sad 
is happy that she doesn't work today 
is sick of sitting at home! text me 
goin out! text me 
is getting ready workin bingo then goin over to breah's for thirsty thursday!text me 
is so ready for this weekend!  smile 
whats goin on tonight? text me 
why do i even try anymore?
is off to job #2 and then goin out till the sun comes up 
"now, now - we goin till they kick us out, out  or the police shut us down, down  police shut us down, down  po-po shut us down "
thinks last night was crazy!
is making dinner and watchin a movie
is getting ready then goin x-mas shopping 
is done christmas shopping! yaya now goin to my sister's for the night!  smile 
woot woot 
"is chillin with <propfemale> , working bingo at 6 and then movie night later "
snow snow snow
laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live   love 
is with the fam 
is home from xmas with the fam now goin to watch a movie a play with my new phone!
"nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending  love "
wants to do something fun tonight! text me  smile 
is working 930 to 330 then workin bingo at 630     
is doin some much needed cleaning    
 smile 
5 days!  laugh 
is workin till 7 then goin out for <propmale>'s bday!  laugh  text me 
"\never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about \"""""
one day! yay  laugh 
is cleaning the kitchen for dinner  annoyed 
doesn't want to sit at home tonight    
is goin out tonight i don't care anyone says!  smile  text me 
bedtime 
is working till 7 then who knows    textme 
is in a really good mood! i can't wait to see my <propfemale>  smile 
 smile 
"is getting ready, gettin my pay check, lookin at a house and then workin bingo "
hopes that we get the house!  laugh 
is workin till 7     
is workin 11-5 and then bingo 530-9ish  sad 
"oh, this is the start of something good  don't you agree?"
is sick of trying to find a house!
peace & love  goodnight love 
is gettin ready then goin to get a pedicure!  smile 
is working till 7ish and then goin out with my girls!  love 
is going to tan and then get ready 
i'll never be the person you want me to be   love 
is not in a good mood  annoyed 
is it summer yet?
just walk away make it easier on yourself 
is at the crab deck workin away    
where everything was everything but everything is over  everything could be everything if only we were older 
is in a pickle!
woot woot workin till 7 and then packin cuz im moving out this weekend!  smile 
is done packing! now i just have to move it all       
"is workin till 7 at the crab deck, goin to a bingo meeting and then goin home to relax with the roomies!  smile "
is ready to go home and relax!
is working at the crab deck till 430 and then hangin out with my sista for a bit while she is in town!  smile 
its just one of those days where i just want to do nothing!
is workin till 7 smile 0 at the deck then havin a movie night at her place   smile 
yeah <propmale> i have the day off   smile 
is relaxing at the apt  goin to eat some goody!  smile 
"what good is a life, with no one to share  love "
"is workin, then goin to work out, maybe taking a nap and then working bingo tonight     "
is having ppl over tonight!  smile  text me 
is taking the pain away!  smile 
is in sooo much pain its not even funny!  sad 
is working till 2 and then who knows? text me 
its going to be a long day     is it the weekend yet?
"is workin till 7, getting ready then out       lets hope that theres no 5-0 tonight!"
im not the girl behind the red door anymore     
once again if i want something done i have to do it myself     
i'm in love with somebody  found someone who completes me  i'm in love with somebody and it's not you!  love 
its just one of those days   
does not feel good!  sad 
is stressed out!
last day of work till monday     
party is at my place tonight!  wink  text or call me 
the fun is over gotta go back to work tonight       rest in peace lexi  love 
is goin back to bed     work at 2 smile 0 
has too much on her mind to sleep    
needs energy      
turn back on the broken hearted  love  some things are just meant to be  love  i still believe that we got a <propmale>  love  i still believe that we got a <propmale> to be  love  too much is never enough  love  and too little to never enough        
yay its friday! im ready to party!  smile 
its only goodbye for now      rip lexi <propfirst>
is going to have some ice cream and watch a movie    
walk the line is on!  love 
is working a double today  annoyed  but hey on the bright side i have tormmorrow off 
whats goin on tonight?
yeah oh yeah i want to rise today and change this world 
goodnight to all 
is almost off work and then its time to win some $ at bingo   smile 
all i can say is show me the money!
cause perfect didn't feel so perfect     
woop woop friday!  laugh 
yep im done till next week!
on the counter 
whatever dude 
is in love with her new hair do!  smile 
is in the mood to go for a drive    
is working till 7ish     
wants to gamble!  laugh 
i like it rough  cuz i'd rather feel pain then nothing at all   
i made it 
b i n g o !
doesn't feel good at all    
"is making a cd, showering and cleaning up the crib a bit  text me "
wow what a crazy weekend!
live ? laugh ? love ?
it's no suprise to me i am my own worst enemy 
hmmm what to do tonight?
is working ten + hours today     great! is it friday yet?
is so ready for her 5 days off!  laugh 
yeah duh dude!
are you happy now?
is making drinner for the roomies!  laugh 
this time baby i'll be bulletproof  love 
what to do on my last day off?
is pretty pumped for the concert tonight!  laugh 
is blah    
is hangin out at home tonight 
yep yep  its the weekend!  smile 
yay for working ten hours today! not
you never know how much you really love a person until they're not there   love 
headace to the <propmale>   
has the day off!
gettin something to eat with my girl and then gettin out of this lame town for the night!
is havin ppl over  text me 
has a cold    great!
goin to the lake!
i made it!  smile 
is very thankful 
is so ready for the weekend!  smile 
happy birthday urka! i love ya big sis!  laugh 
is goin mini golfing and then maybe gettin some dinner afterwords!  laugh 
is out to lunch with the girls!  smile 
is thinkin a nap is much needed!
is off to work   
is workin till 7ish then goin shopping to find a dress to wear to candys wedding!  smile 
is workin all day and then goin to candys wedding!  smile 
is workin tll 7ish then goin out!
is goin to watch a movie and then go to bed   
i hate mondays   
is not having a good day!  sad 
hmm two words true blood!  smile 
is sick of feeling like shit    good thing i have the day off torn 
is chillen at home today with the girls   text me 
"is for sure hittin up the lake today, then workin bingo later "
its the weekend!  smile 
is glowing 
is thinkin about goin back to school this fall     but idk
red white &blue 
goin up to <propfirst> with the fam!  smile 
congrats to the lancers!     its about time!!!!!  smile 
i could really go for an orange muffin right now!
is looking at a house today!   i hope we like it cuz im sick of looking 
making lemon bars for camping this weekend!  smile 
is eating lunch and then goin to the lake!  smile 
my toe hurts!  sad 
whats goin on tonight?
i pray all your dreams never come true 
<propfirst> <propfemale> schendel  love 
is missing my baby girl <propfirst> <propfemale> schendel!     goin to have a couple drinks at my place tonight  text me if you wanna come over 
has the day off!
fml!
is goin to the lake for the day!
im done!
what goes around comes around      
its time for me to fly  love 
"well, i never saw it coming  i should've started running a long, long time ago  and i never thought i'd doubt you, i'm better off without you "
is taking a brake from packing by watchin some good old tv on the couch!
"cause all the bullshit, it made me strong     "
moving day    
"is so happy to be done!    nap,work,then who knows "
is really tired goin to watch a movie and go to bed    goin to the lake with my fav girls torn!  smile  oh life is good agian 
just got back from the lake and lunch with tif now goin to relaxe before i work bingo tonight    text me!
is unpacking all day    and then working bingo tonight 
"love has given me wings, so i must fly "
"is bored   maybe goin out dont really know yet, let me know if anything is goin on  wink "
is working all day  annoyed 
hit me up im ready to party!  wink 
wow i feel like shit and i didn't even go out last night    
are you happy now?
 laugh 
is gettin ready then off to work    
and i'm the one you can never trust 'cause wounds are ways to reveal us and yeah i could have tried and devoted my life to both of us but what a waste of my time when the world we have is yours    
fuck them all    
what goes around comes around 
"just got back from lunch with tif, now goin to take a nap, try to unpack and then gettin ready to go out tonight!  smile  text me"
 laugh 
words just can not e playful lain what you do to me   
yeah yeah can't wait for the weekend to start!  smile 
is goin to jackpot baby! woo hoo  smile 
i miss everything about you 
is so ready to have a night out on the town!  smile 
is getting ready and then doin some shopping!
"is making lunch, doin some cleaning, then getting ready for tonight!  smile "
when you see my face i hope it gives you hell 
hmm true blood!  smile 
work    
secret life  love 
"ugh    goin to bed, workin in the am "
kinda wishes that she went back to school this fall    
hmm wow what a weekend!
i see your blue eyes everytime i close mine   love 
coloring my hair and watchin secret life  love 
deal or no deal haha
wow i just spend wayyy to much money at walmart! lol
the days are long thinkin about you  love 
yayy got my hair cut from my amazing mom today oh and a wax too!  smile  workin bingo tonight and maybe out goin after  who knows what the night will bring!
watching a movie and then goin to beddd!  yayy for the weekend!  smile  bring on the fun   
is watching a movie and then goin to bed   workin in the am  annoyed 
omg just had the worst night at work  i want to hurt someone right about now  jackass!
is having some soup and then goin to bed    after 3 smile 0pm torn my weekend starts!
doesn't feel good    working and then going home to sleep 
is thinkin about buying a camera today?!
"this is love my sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever!"
is working til 345 at the deck then taking a nap then off to work bingo tonight  annoyed 
is goin to bed torn is goin to be another lonng day!  annoyed 
my bags are packed   time to get out of this lame town!
"and i just can't keep living this way  so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage  i'm standing up, imma face my demons  i'm manning up, imma hold my ground  i've had enough, now i'm so fed up  time to put my life back together right now   love "
"tanning, getting ready, then work at 3 smile 0 "
bedtime  love 
don't let the fear of striking keep you from playing the game   love 
is loving the rain!  laugh 
 laugh 
"the wizard of oz summed up real men quite well  the scarecrow had no brains, tin man had no heart, lion was a coward, and the wizard was a liar!"
i love how every song on my computer has a memory     
movie night with tif  love 
is making chocolate covered strawberries!  smile 
is drinking a glass of oj and goin off to bed!
you sunk my battleship!
almost done with work for the week!    playing bingo with my girl <propfemale> portillo and then who know after that!  smile 
is super tired    
<propfirst> <propfemale> schendel  love 
working bingo then who knows    
well i rather see a dog fight than a cat fight!    
tanning  love 
i think i just heard my bed call my name 
wow i feel like shit i hate being sick     
woot woot i won $1000!  smile 
gettin my hairs did!    then playin bingo tonight text me if u wanna come 
fml!
mystic here we come!  smile 
"somewhere over that rainbow \\all skies are blue, oh \\and where dreams \\that you dare to dream \\really do come true "
monday madness!  smile 
is goin to get a wax and then maybe buying a new phone today!!!  smile 
birds flyin high
it seems like every day’s the same and i’m left to discover on my own 
is playing bingo and then movie night with the crew!  smile 
new phone!  smile  love it
cuz who i am is who i've been 
this sucks i have no voice  sad 
woot woot for friday!  smile 
chillen with the crew 
first time im home all weekend    getting ready and then workin bingo  annoyed 
nothing but your t-shirt on   love 
wow this day is going so slow!
mighty monday  smile 
mmm hot coffee!
is workin til 7ish and then goin to play bingo with the girls!  smile  wish me luck! lol
hello weekend! i missed you   smile 
oh na na whats my name?
playing bingo with breah  smile 
what else is going to go wrong today?
wow what a day!
ambox for the night with my fav 
is workin till 7ish and then xmas with my girlsss!  smile 
its goin to be a long day  annoyed            
is overwhelmed with stress!
"yeah, uh huh, you know what it is "
happy 21st birthday to my baby girl <propfemale> wilmes! i love you bestie   love 
is doing some homework   and then goin to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> wilmes  smile 
hello four day weekend!  smile 
is getting ready then goin out for the night!
doing some homework and then off to work bingo    
time to hit the hay    woop woop for torn being thursday!
"yeah, uh huh, you know what it is "
"just cleaned the house, now goin to get my pay check     then playin bingo later tonight!  smile "
"im shiny and i know, dont know why you wannna blow it "
is off to go work bingo     
"homework,nap,work      "
wow what is the world coming to   the packer won the superbowl! dislike!!!!
is going out to dinner for my dads birthday! and then watching hawaii 5 0  laugh 
doin some homework and then working      annoyed 
"homework,naptime,work, and then playing b i n g o!"
is going to get her taxes done today!
man it feels good to be a gangster 
"homework, homework and more homework!  annoyed "
cleaning my car out     then working 
< live laugh love > happy 21st birthday <propfirst> <propfemale> schendel! i love and miss you <propfemale>   love 
off to work     then going out later   wink 
is doing some homework and then goin to bed    no school or work torn!  smile 
you had me at hello  love 
30 days!!!! he he ha ha
is working till 7 and then playing bargo with my mom!
i bet you wish you had me back    
today sucks 
mighty monday with <propmale> schulze and <propfemale> wilmes!!!!!!!  love 
happy march to everyone!  love 
whoop whoop for spring break 2k11 baby!!!!
work       open to close  annoyed 
long day   feel like shit!
dmw  love 
i hate being sick!
whoop whoop friday!
i might be bad but im perfectly good at it!  wink 
love is evil spell it backwards ill show ya 
10 days!  smile 
first tattoo done!  smile 
tryin to keep my <propfemale> up    
o m g 2 days!  smile 
gettin my nails & toes did for my birthday!  smile  thanks mom!!!
jackpot! im going to hit it!  wink 
wow what a weekend!  smile 
thats how its done son 
ha ha not cool!
hello weekend!  wink 
bingo and a bloody <propfirst>!  smile 
epic weekend with the girls!  smile 
monday night tv  love 
