4217fa9f3265f03682c5c35bb46804b2
about to travel to roanoke for a couple of days   what fun   court best practices conference 
"i hope everyone enjoys and cherishes the joy, chaos, and dysfunction of their families over the holidays "
"happy birthday to my superhero, overachieving daughter!  i love you!"
i need more neighbors in farmville   my animals are overcrowded   help!
"please pray for my family   my sister, <propfemale> viar suffered a massive brain hemmorhage tuesday night and never regained conciousness,  she is on life support   she has a wonderful devoted husband and 3 children ages 6, 8 and 9 "
"look on \praying for <propfemale> viar\"" to view all the wonderful comments about my sister   we lost her yesterday and this has been one of the toughest times of our lives   it's really amazing how the community has come forth with love and support and we have been so grateful """
a friend has created a wonderful facebook group called in loving memory of <propfemale> viar   i have read some of the comments and all i can say is thank you 
"i hope everyone will enjoy the easter weekend, and the beautiful weather!"
you know you're tired when you can't get your front door to unlock because you're using your office key   
i need to e playful and my chicken house and need help from everyone please 
my wonderful daughter sent a beautiful itty bitty bonsai tree to me for mother's day   and it's a litle gardenia tree (one of my favorites)  now   i hope i don't kill the itty bitty tree 
"i love the movie \love actually\"" for christmas!!!!"""
hey!  do this to help the tots!
my exceptional daughter has a birthday today!  she spent the day off with her children   that's all she wanted   she's ridiculously energetic and i'm so proud of her!
"and i heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight  <propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a goodnight   "
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  re-post if this made you smile 
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted, your approx credit score, home value, income, age  remove yourself by searching your name, find the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy button to remove yourself  copy & re-post so your friends are aware "
the game is afoot!
"“absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it kindles the great "
"sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without your brothers and or sisters protesting, it is so!!"
turn on the news people!  this is so tragic for for japan!
