9e80dbb8354a78d1fe7c403315505350
happy new years  smile 
hasn't been in facebook ever [:
loves watching scrubs and being done with homework for the day  smile 
ap physics test tomorrow! haha i'm gonna need some <propmale> luck [:
wants to go to a haunted house smile 
going to the mountains with my family  smile 
fantastic day today!  smile 
wants to move out  now 
p s  i don't care and now my friends are mad at me  kthanksbye 
hates the weather
"feeling better than earlier smile  still bummed though, stomach is killing me though d:"
hmm thinking about going to the haunted house tonight  smile 
remind me again why i work instead of sitting around sleeping like everyone else?? lol
has a headache  annoyed 
"wants to see \where the wild things are\"" soooo bad  smile )"""
wants to see paranormal activity [: d-now tonight!!  laugh 
"\if eyes could speak   \""  smile """
sick ):
wants to take a tylenol  playful   but i already had like 4 d: being sick is laaaame  still excited for the weekend  smile 
bleeegh  playful  stomach ache and headache waiting for the tylenol to kick in
slept all day and feels slightly better  smile 
superb weekend  smile  looves spontaneous road trips and friends visiting from out-of-town  smile )
took a nap today  smile 
oh work is fun  smile 
just threw up  groooss  sad 
bout to take a nap  smile 
just realized i missed free t-shirts at church d:  work was pretty fun though i suppose  smile 
finished my math homework  now just to finish this essay  playful 
"finished with my essay, feeling pretty confident  smile  also mangaed to organize my room somewhat, i feel tonight was productive  smile )"
fantastic weekend ( smile 
getting a new-new phone tuesday or wednesday  smile )
"today was 98% fantastic  smile  the 2% that wasn't so great was also fixed by my fantastic friends, and tamales   smile )"
slept 12 hours today  smile  feeling not exaughsted for the first time in foreveeer
"hmm so today was one of those days that started off bad, got progressively worse, better, way better, way worse, and then finally got good again  day well spent   smile "
my friends are jerks  haha so lucky i love them  night ( smile 
so i got a voicemail today with some guys singing me 'under the sea' completely made my day  smile 
i wish i knew if tomorrow was an a day or a b day  smile 
new pictures  smile 
upset stomach annoyed aame
hmm <propfemale> 4 5 on my research paper  nearly complete!  smile 
completely finished with my paper  smile 
"spent my night after work wrapping presents with mother, it was a good day   smile "
bedtime smile  night world
"dear burkburnett weather, if you are going to insist on being completely freezing every time i work, at least have the decency to snow and postpone school  sincerely, macey"
feeling sick  playful 
feeling gross and upset   today just went bad fast
today was much better than yesterday  smile 
attempting to study for ap history?? oh this should be interesting   smile 
"my pomegranate has gone bad, terribly sad  d:"
study session number two: as unsuccessful as number 1
making a ginormous card for <propfemale> [:
readiness level for ap physics = 0
"at danielles  laugh  super sleepy, time for bed???"
i honestly believe physics is going to ruin my life 
watching <propmale> potter the fourth   smile  <propfemale> has convinced me to read all of the books  i feel like i'll be reading till i'm dead 
debating on whether or not to buy a present   it's e playful ensive   playful  but kind of amazing
snow on christmas would definitely make my life   smile 
life-made  ph my gosh i love snow  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
made an igloo- feeling successful  smile 
random fact: asians love blue water 
finished with the first <propmale> potter  smile  now i have to find the second one  playful 
was kind of fantastic at skiing today (;
"just got back from colorado, completely amazing  smile "
hook 'em horns  smile 
"\just be pretty but naïve   \"""""
"just got in, very tired and i have many questions rushing through my mind  smile "
shopping drains me  haha  smile 
sick  playful  enjoyed a school free day though  smile 
today: superb-okay-awful-good  smile i definitely laughed a looot today  smile 
took a nap  smile  time for math homework!
"\i've used the style and the pickup lines and every cliche just to find someone like you\""  smile """
off to <propfirst>  smile 
oh procrastination  smile 
so i got one of those nifty formspring things?  smile  i am completely clueless what the purpose of it is 
completely overwhelmed  annoyed 
first basketball game this year for me  it was fun!  smile 
"not gonna lie, pretty curious who my look alike would be  haha but eeehh   smile "
made several banana pancakes with <propfirst> today  laugh 
sophies burritos with friends tomorrow morning  smile  i'm much more excited than i should be
"\the book of love is long and boring and written very long    \""  smile """
drinking <propfemale> ale out of a champagne glass to feel fancy  happy february 14th everyone  smile 
watch you spin around in your highest heels     smile 
"giving up physics for lent, great idea right? smile "
sick again  annoyed  someone should bring me soup and cough drops smile 
cooking homemade brownies smile 
officially got rid of my formspring  i feel pretty awesome right now (; haha
"so to end what was a nearly perfect day, a argument and getting my phone taken away  only for the night  hopefully some progress was made "
had quite a fun day  smile 
show tonight smile 
so the show was pretty fantastic  smile  now i'm exhausted!
multicolored nails make me smile  smile 
having a blissful birthday smile 
i'd like to think my world is a wonderland 
spending the next five hours in an ap physics session   yaaaay   pahaha
time to start getting ready! haha oh dear  smile  mmm someone tell baughman it's after noon  [:
sick again  playful 
finally registered for the act and sat oh june is just looking so fun  (-:
working 4-10 today because that is how i prefer to use my weekends :-]
hmm had my first ap test today and it wasn't that hard  smile 
i often find myself wishing my life had background music
"my brothers and dad cooked steaks for dinner ( annoyed but the 8 year old made mine and now my stomach hurts  oooh dear  smile "
i was in a dunking booth   smile 
"mmm bedtime  smile  \french final tomorrow  playful  and ap physics boat float!  laugh "
won the ap physics boat float  laugh 
posters made for the class of 2010  smile 
made pink darlings  smile 
would be out having fun but i have the sat tomorrow! boo
"a recruiter from baylor called me today at work, made my day  smile "
completely finished with my ethics paper  smile 
starting job number four tomorrow  smile 
"watching espn, i need to <propfemale> out with more girls"
do i want an iphone or a blackberry??
getting an iphone 4   smile ))
had pink darling orientation today  smile 
"off to bridgeport in the morning, bye burk  smile "
finally home  smile 
and that cellular will be the death of us i swear    smile 
i think if i were given the <propmale> to own any animal i would want a giraffe or an elephant  smile 
completed my first full day at the hospital today  smile 
oooh i am really blessed with the friends i have  smile 
celebrating shark week with bacon and banana pancakes with <propfemale>  smile 
oooh not feeling well at all today
oooh gosh does anyone know when d-now is?
hmm thinking about going on a run
cool i'm not allowed to go outside  really? wow 
"schedule!  smile \1 6   ap english 4\2  ap calculus\3  anatomy\4  humn services\6 10  work program\7  ap stats\8  economics\9  ap biology\any classes?  smile "
oh gosh getting my wisdom teeth taken out in 8 hours! wish me luck  smile 
oh gosh i don't feel good at all now
oh i really wish i could eat regular food right now! i want some pizza  
oooh <propfirst> in the morning!  smile 
in <propfirst> with the family  smile 
eating a salad designed by <propfemale>  smile 
"oh geeze i don't know if i want to go to d-now, hmmm!"
loving d-now sooo much  smile 
chocolate gravy at <propfemale>'s with the youth group   smile 
"my little brother and his friend are walking around the house singing soul sista, sooooo cute!  smile "
finally starting to really apply for colleges   it seems so crazy that we've gotten to this point   smile 
soooo upset with my lack of a sweater vest  d:
had so much fun at tan-tan's birthdaaay!  smile 
so i've decided i'm completely horrible at stocksquest 
finished my english project and made a 31 on the act   smile 
hmm six months    smile 
nhs meeting tomorrow for anyone who didn't know! also last day to sign up for mud volleyball   smile 
"<propfemale> ready for tomorrow!!  smile \look for me in my fantabulous alien costume!  wink "
ahh such a busy day!! mud volleyball tomorrow  smile 
sooo tired! but i just loved today  smile 
just threw up   oh nooooo!
i just don't want to do my ap bilogy abstract 
love how i got singled out in ap english when selvidge mentioned geniuses with no common sense  hahaha  smile 
siiiick  sad 
"had such a good day  smile  so proud of our guys  smile \now it's time for bed! busy day tomorrooow"
"every time i try to fill out applications for college my computer freezes up \it's a sign!  smile "
<propfemale> i really want to have a <propmale> potter marathon?? hahahooohmy  smile 
buried life!  smile 
ready to burn this calculus book 
ooh i lovelovelove this cool weather  smile 
\you know," they say hobos are pretty nice people   \"" - tania dominguez\"9e80dbb8354a7 laugh 1fe7c403315505350,movie with some girls from pals (love how i'm not in the class  smile  ) starbucks and <propfemale> hubabard!  laugh  oh it's going to be a good weekend  smile 
well i'll trample my pride and tell the whole world to dance with me   
officially accepted into baylor!  smile 
<propmale> potter!!
only a day that started out like today could end like this 
had fun at work todaaay   smile 
going to <propfirst>  smile 
oh this family   smile 
scrubs  smile 
sex and other drugs with <propfirst>  smile 
"correction, i'm going to see the movie love and other drugs with <propfirst>  smile "
watching <propfemale> in wonderland  smile 
"sooo everyone made fun of me for my status today   \you know what? i can laugh at myself so it's whatever hahah  smile "
pitiful people are pitiful   wink 
looooved looking around baylor today   smile 
why what's up sleeping at a decent hour??
"guess who's going to win at ap calculus tomorrow?? \proobably not me      wink "
"alright anatomy, you and economics are all that's left  time for a break   smile "
kicking off winter break with christmas cartoons on abc family   smile 
on the road to chickasha  smile 
guess who's on facebook via their brand new laptop??  smile 
time for church!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
<propfirst> over for christmas with the family  smile 
i'm a mess i confess that i'm nothing without you   ?
hey <propmale>! the movie   smile 
doesn't know which toms to geeeet 
glad to be back home  smile 
school would make me sick   annoyed 
then this one doesn't want to admit she's fallen in love   
listening to fun  smile 
had a pretty great day today so far  smile 
my name is <propmale> and i like to party 
would loove to sit around and be lazy today  too bad i work 12-7    annoyed 
gets to sleep in because of my doctor's appointment tomorroooow   smile 
i could listen to <propfirst> mayer all day   smile 
"i can believe anything, provided that it is quite incredible "
what a daaay 
nonsense  you're only saying never because no one ever has 
i cannot sleep  bluhh 
doing nothing today   smile 
can't find a bracelet i waant 
ohh goodness here we go  : )
home  smile 
what did one triangle say to the other?
<propfirst> is coming over to watch a movie  smile 
really? it's snow  not the end of the world 
i really don't see the appeal in <propfirst> cera 
mmm hot apple cider   smile 
these silly little wounds will never mend  i feel so far from where i've been 
   <propfemale> we don't have school tomorrow? kfdx says we have no school tursday  whatever that means 
wow i'm so sick of minority only scholarships 
"just a day, just an ordinary day   "
watching the last song
you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be 
ohh heeey research paper    
"ronni: oh my gosh look at thiiiis\me:    ronni   we're on the phone  \ronni: oh yeaaaah"
what!? did we just become best friends?!
this is a niiice research paper 
i honestly just don't feel like sleeping
<propfirst> carrion is a loser 
too much chocolaaate   
i love this weatherr  smile 
political cartoons- done   smile 
mmm i can't wait for next year   smile 
had a pretty great day   smile 
watching space jam   smile 
college stresses me ooout 
i want to travel   
"\there is discord in the garden tonight \"""""
dang   annoyed 
sooo tired 
no school tomorrow  smile 
tangled  ?  smile 
43 more minutes of be 17!  smile 
juuust got home  probably the best birthday i've ever had  thankyou so much everyone   smile 
i'm pretty great at just dance   wink 
like vines we intertwined   smile 
"\we could leave this town and run forever  \"""""
thankyou so much everyone!  smile 
had a spectacular day!  smile 
too many thoughts
exhausted!
