9505e4814f3242ae6b5959c93d861c77
"chillin with the kids and keepin my head up in this new year, damn this one better start get better!!"
sometimes it just feels good    
still gettin used to this facebook thing i was always on myspace  it's amazing what some people can write on here and get away with it  guess as long as those worthless people stay off my stuff this will be an alright place to connect with old friends and it's amazing how fast that happens!!
amazing how when you've about givin up the phone rings     
"omg the snow!! damn actually like when i was a kid, whats that they said bout global warming?"
"told him he was addicted to sweets, said that's why he's addicted to me  damn i feel like a school girl!"
"fun night last night got to go to little rodneys going away party, he's heading to the army  today not so good two of my three kids puking, damn "
1  a word that describes me is ________  2  if you really know me then you know that i love ________  3  but i cant stand ________  copy and paste this in your status to see what people have to say 
play along: if you seen me in the back of a police cruiser what would you think i had been arrested for?
1  a word that describes me is ________  2  if you really know me then you know that i love ________  3  but i cant stand ________  copy and paste this in your status to see what people have to say 
"in the bath, in the bed"
"play along: you see me in the back of a police cruiser, what do you think i was arrested for?"
in the bath
ready for friday!!!!!!!!!
"omg i know the feeling, come august 19th <propmale> will be 7 and 4 days later on the 23rd <propfemale> will be 5 then september 15th a j  will be 8 and i feel like i just had them!! every birthday all i can see when i look at them is the first time i held them!"
ready for the weekend!! <propfemale> with <propfemale> and spend some time with my <propmale>!!!
"damn, monday!?!?!?"
"everyone watches the sunset, anyone ever turn around to watch the <propfemale> rise?"
me and <propfemale> and <propmale> went to rodeo last night   my first time   definately goin again   hope they got more than 8 seconds in em    lol
"a true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if your home is tidy or not, if your car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect    a true friend just loves you for you! (repost this if you have at least one true friend )i love you all ogf my friends"
if you are brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3  talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: cool  7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute  
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms,    i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven "
is having very naughty thoughts about one of her facebook friends  bet ya can't guess who!!
"wanted     single man     description     talk , dark , handsome and has to come with a <propmale> not be one x"
"hey parking lot party at am vets in <propmale> tomorrow    food, band (<propmale> p and the family tree), games, and celebrating turning the big 3-0   open to public   so come on out and help me get trashed!!! starts at 6"
holy crap guys    brought 30 in the right way for sure     
is not feeling herself to today     anyone else wanna try????  
is rocking a level of awesomeness rarely before seen in humans 
friends and condoms have something in common       they both protect you when things get hard 
wonders what blind people think about when they masturbate???
pokeme if u ever had a crush on me  like this status if u think im a good friend  inbox me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we have had good memories    now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status
sometimes things in life r hard 2 swallow    like eatin a shit sandwich    and people will e playful ect u 2 smile like it's tasty    and keep feedin it 2 u    damn it i'm full!!!!
happy fathers day to the real daddys out there    whether u made em or just raised em like my daddy     cause we all know makin em don't make u a daddy    
has just found out that dwarfs cannot use tampons because they trip over the string  annoyed 
gonna ride in a poke run 2morrow    then <propmale> p and the family tree at am vets after     woohooo    what a day planned    can't wait    so excited!!!!
has recently learned u can fire a bottle rocket from ur but cheeks so long as u don't clench them   that can cause burns     
"placeof\ birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to knowwhere\ your fb friends were born  copy & paste this on your profile,then\ put your place of birth at the end of this sentence    defiance ohio"
had my wisdom teeth extracted today and the skin that goes from under the tongue to the bottom of my mouth removed so if next time u c me i am senseless and my tongues hanging like a dogs u know what happened    seriously folks even with the good drugs   my tongue is killing me!!!
"this onto your wall and see what people rate you  (1) crazy (2) wish we\went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable (6) sexy (7) strong \( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy (13) funny (14) \awesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute(1 smile  best friend (19) silly\    (20) i want to get to know you better  smile   playful  come on show me what you think of me!!!!!! if you dare   lol?????"
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me \succeed, seen me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me\crazy at times   moms are a promise from god that you will have a \friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether \she is here with you, or in heaven "
on the washer!
everyone coming against me in one fn week!!!!wtf? try to be good 2 people and they shit in ur fn face     best off bein the hermit i think    so if you dont c me out for a while    guess u know i've lost my cool    thats best off not seen to the public!!!!
kinda stuck between whiskey and redbull!
caught somewhere between a memory and a dream        
sick of u and ur bull   kinda makes me wanna hurl   hermit life her i come     stupid shit yeah im done    
face fears and overcome demons       yup what an agenda for a day    damn horoscope   
11:11 you are one of my fav people in the world cuz yup we do think alike and damn thats awesome and scary at the same time   u know how to make me smile and pick me up when u didnt know i was down   if not for you and your family i dont know where i'd b today    yes ive always got ur back and i love you dearly     
k so i was checkin out peoples shit and the whole leave a number in my messages and i'll tell ya what i think of ya actually was gettin fun    so leave a number between 1 and 1000 in mine and i will tell ya on my wall what i think of ya!  are ya brave enough?
"500: damn i've known u had an interest in me but sorry i'm kinda wrapped up in something   well, someone at the moment "
8: <propfemale> shit the things i could put on here! damn what boring years id have had without you! had my back but was always willing to put me in my place when i needed it to and for that i thank you more than you'll ever know! i dont care how long we go without talkin or seein each other we can pick up where we left off like we just seen each other the day b4  i love you girl   thanks for being u!
!24: funny im thinkin of sneakin smokes and some special gum in the cafeteria lunch line!! do you remember that   taste like chicken? funny 2 think of fv u always said if u got outta there ud be somethin   congrats u did it! you was always a great laugh and a lotta fun    miss ya
69: ha ha ha remember the prank i tried to pull with the sex survey and u knew my voice? 2 fn funny! now u take me back to jr high! always liked bullshittin with u! we were both good at it! and 1 of the few trustworthy people in that hole!
"88: funny i think more of martys than fv  my big quiet <propmale> who danced with me and never left his bar stool, u r fuckin great!"
"7878 u r the shit! no one makes a drink like you, hangs like you and still kicks like you  u r one of my fave people    miss ya!"
if u take a crotch shot and send it is it considered junk mail?
77: sonic sonic sonic and bout the sweetest person in that hole! miss hollerin at ya!
"something's gotten into you today, gemini  an iconoclastic imp inside you is determined to tear down every convention, especially in the <propmale> world  why are you so furious with orthodoxy? did you dream that an imitator stole one of your ideas and made a fortune with it? if you were an <propmale> critic, we would e playful ect you to sing the praises of the vanguard    hahahahaha"
10 years 2mrw nite! damn im ready!
i'm not in this world to live up to your e playful ectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine     -<propmale> <propfirst>-
ever wonder why ur worst decisions  make ur best stories?
what was once a happy set of encounters leaves a thorn in my side and a biter taste in my mouth      
u ever needed something real? something there? something to feel and all you grab is air? have u ever felt rejection? have u ever felt real pain? can u change ur souls direction? can u really know ur sane?
"i'm not afraid 2 live i'm not afraid 2 die and i can only give what i see inside and u can only take what i give of me and u can only win when i'm not afraid 2 lose    \---days of the new-whimsical---"
"i'm not afraid 2 live i'm not afraid 2 die and i can only give what i see inside and u can only take what i give of me and u can only win when i'm not afraid 2 lose    \---days of the new-whimsical---"
its a great thing when u can spill ur guts 2 some1 and still wake up smilin cuz u know they dont look at u any differently than before they heard your reall story
damn what a weekend   a decent friday   an excellent saturday     and a rocked out sunday watchin taproot and some other damn good bands in toledo at headliners    who could ask for more?
a bird with clipped wings can sing but can no longer fly    
"the thing that gets to me is you'll never really see and the thing that freaks me out is i'll always be in doubt so take my hands and come with me and we'll change reallity         cranberries, animal instinct"
someone told me today that they appreciate me     funny    i didn't realize how bad i needed to hear it   
my thought r so fleeting my mind should be arrested for speeding    the scarriest parts the fall through the funnel   theres got to be light at the end of the tunnel
im sure i found myself again and it feels great     i cant believe i had ever lost control of my fate
amazing how many haters there are and how many people have lashed out at me on christmas <propfemale>    guess if all u got is hate its all u got 2 give in the season of giving eh? no matter   they dont get me down    just give me something to laugh at! <propfemale> christmas bitches!!!!!!
funny u just want to make it through the holidays and really y? i was happy to see them come and then it hit me that it seems its a lot of struggle for something people just dont appreciate anymore because theyve forgot what the holidays are about! at least i have 1 person in my life who was their to just be there and cared enough to look at me and say <propfemale> christmas and mean it!!! thanks i know u know who u r!!!!!
everytime i c a mattress on a car roof i think a hooker must be making a house call
wooohooo! just got started on my new laptop! my mom is awesome! i think i gotta be the most spoiled 30 year old i know! thanks mom!
ever just want 2 disapear? think im about 2  come on friday  after that i'll catch u all on the flip side  annoyed \
"poof be gone 2010, im ready to make a new start again!"
what a new years! so glad i seen u <propfirst>! and as usual always get to run n2 some haters! haha luv it! nothin lasts 4ever tho and 2day was shit     least i got those who can make me smile even on days like 2day! 4 the rest of ya   bring it on!
"some people watch things happen, some people make things happen, me, i can't figure out what the hell happened     "
tired of nobodies thinkin they have any say n my life + tryin 2 affect me + my somebodies    keep tryin u accomplish nothin but givin me somethin 2 laugh about  smile 
story of my life   i didnt plan it   it just happened
"anyplace is better, starting from zero, got nothin 2 lose, maybe we'll make something, but me myself i got nothin to prove     we gotta make a decision leave tonight or live and die this way     i had a feeling i belonged, a feeling i could be someone      "
"now watch me rise up and leave all the ashes u made out of me when you said that we were wrong, life goes on just look how wrong i could be"
"i couldnt tell fact from fiction or if the dream was true, my only sure prediction in this world was you, i'd touch your features inchlyl beard love and dared the cost, the sented spiel reeled me unreal and i found my senses lost"
"all my life i've been searchin for somethin, somethin never comes, never leads to nothing  nothing satifiesbut im getting close, closer to the prize at the end of the rope  all night long i dream of the day, when it comes around , then its taken away  leaves me with the feeling i feel the most  the feeling comes to life when i see your ghost "
"someday im finally gonna let go, 'cause i know there's a better way  and i wanna know whats over that rainbow, i wanna get outta here someday,,,,"
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for   fear    of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
so i got to listen to my bro spend the night and morning puking      i swear if he shares i'll kill him!
"im done trying, im done fighting, whatever will be will be, gotta accept that or im never gonna be free    "
everything thats coming n2 ur life u r attracting n2 ur life  and its attracted 2 u by virtue of the images ur holding n ur mind  whatever is going on n ur mind u r attracting 2 u    every thought of urs iis a real thing-a force
"ok so i was heading to <propmale> with my daughter and felt something a little odd in the car, barely pull in the drive and the whole car kinda lurches and stops, i take a look and my front drivers tire is completely sideways  i think if we'd have been going down the road we would have wrecked and been seriously injured or worse  thank god for keeping a hand on us  now i just gotta figure out what to do about my car!"
"whomever called the <propmale> about yesterdays post, he will not allow me to have his number and therefore does not get the priviledge off a phone call for anything whether the kids are involved or not i take care of me and mine just fine with the help of my family( thank god)  i've had enough harrassment for a lifetime don't give him a door people don't i deserve some peace after all this time?"
"and the only hand that reaches is the one alone  you've been cheating my friend, tell me whos heart is bleeding again? cause once n a while you'd b better off listening to the fool for a change     "
darkness is a harsh term dont u think and yet it dominates all i see  its not the calm or long that'll change this heart but the welcome i recieve with the restart
got my avett brothers tickets! yeah! cant wait!
"if you love me; comment my status \if you think im a good friend; like this \if you have ever had a crush on me; poke me \if you hate me; message me and tell me why \copy this to your status; if your not scared"
i jumped on <propmale> <propmale> in your bathroom because thats how i roll 
"today might be one of the most fortunate days of your life, gemini  everything you've been striving for - romance, money, creative fulfillment - could fall into place at various times today  e playful ect exciting calls bringing good news  a lover could offer congratulations  the only downside is that all the stimulation could leave you exhausted  never mind  you will sleep well!"
"avett brothers, here i come!"
avett brothers was fkn amazing! only dissappointment  did not play weight of lies
seeing the avett brothers last night was absolutely amazing! <propfirst> mayfield parade put on quite a show 2! one of my fave bands with one of my fave friends     what an adventure! that's the way 2 do it! can't wait 4 my next adventure     
"         i am a handful          i am strong willed,i am independent,i am outspoken, i tell it like it is  i make mistakes,i am sometimes out of control,i am at times hard to handle,i give and love with all my heart   if you can't accept me at my worst then you most definitely do not deserve me at my best    ladies if you are a handful and not afraid to admit it i will see this as your status?"
crazy is not talking to yourself or even answering yourself   it's asking yourself to repeat yourself because you weren't paying attention
yeah gotta work! gonna be a fun drive! wish me luck! gonna have a good time after! can't wait! works worth it when you the right person is coming in 2 c u!
one of those days were u wake up and realize i shoulda been listening to my friends (og)  yup u were right  dont worry  im not wrapped anymore     cuz u know i was  my eyes were opened and im not sad  actually a great e playful erience  and if i cant keep what i got now    well hell new always comes along     
"wtf? how you send a 5 year old girl to there dads, get them back, and he's decided to take scissors to her bangs? isn't the girls hair on the mother? so pissed right now, all that growing time and pain in the ass between stage all over again! guess she's gonna get that short do i talked her out of "
"damn, stress about more than i can handle, somethings gotta give, gota find  a place for me and kids 2 move and finding something i can afford seems impossible! ugh!"
"somedays you're the windshield, somedays you're the bug             "
yoga!
"oooohhh its warmed up the moons big as hell im in a mood and me and my girls headin out     watch out people, watch out    "
stop all
funny sometimes how things turn around when u least e playful ect it      
