3e9ddda1b5b5431d7ddf368268fb472b
"had fun playing the wii with mom and dad on new years <propfemale> at our annual family party, then text my bff <propfemale> all night! happy new years to everyone!"
4 more days till i go see paramore and no doubt! can't wait        
the heat is making me sweat to death! d:
tired after a long but fun day  went in the pool with <propfemale> and had fun at her house afterward  hope it doesn't storm tomorrow 
since when was august this hot? i'm sweating to death here 
what a storm today!
halloween 09 ws freezing cold!
"i can't wait till we start making all our yummy christmas cookies    mmmmmmmm  aunty moo i bet the kids can't wait until our christmas <propfemale> party  mom has all kinda games to play and fun stuff and dad can't wait for all the good food,lol"
"i love syfy's <propfemale>, it was amazing "
just added deftones to my phone  i am very happy now   laugh 
aunty mare sorry i didn't see your post about your vid  u have 2 keep reposting it   sorry  i am watching mom's fav movie you got mail for like the 2millionth time and she cracks me up  she knows every line and every scene in the movie     lol  she is 2 funny!
what's on your mind? for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! ;~} i sure am grateful for mine and my m i l everyday
"nice to know just how much she loves me, she takes care of me and deals with my many mood swings   love  u mom "
"simply in love with evanescence's new song, can not wait for their new  album this year   love "
thank you aunty nono for the new jeans! that was very nice of u and i love them!!!
happy <propfirst>'s day 2 my family and most of all 2 my mom and dad who r the best ever! thank u 4 giving me so much love and sharing all your love with me every day! i love you <propmale> and penguin <-----------  love     gabi
is it thursday yet?
fun day  can't wait until summer 
i hate storms 
i need something to pass the time for four months  i hate cliffhangers!
"<propfemale> took me to see sex and the city today, i kind of enjoyed it "
"got my two front teeth fixed, i can finally smile again without looking like a dork  i'll never bite my nails again "
"i watched the shining for the first time last night, i can gladly say that i am buying the book soon "
"i'm dying from all this heat, thank god i got that haircut "
i can't wait to start working at barnes & <propmale> next year   love 
i swear my friends spoil me too much   love 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes 
this non stop weather change is giving me whiplash 
i am proud to say that i am finally taller than my mother 
"went shopping with my mom today, then went to applebees  i amazed my waitress with my appetite  had a great time with my parents at lunch "
<propfemale> christmas!
"i woke up with my headphones on and music blasting, how i don't strangle myself in my sleep is beyond me "
