cf853a1e4485c86521e4c6cfdac76d47
tired of people thinking that they are something but they are nothing in my world 
want to be treated like a <propfemale> so that i can treat him like a <propmale> 
wished that i felt truly loved     
going to bed   live  laugh  love
going to sleep    finally  good night fb!
going to the casino to kick start my birthday
it's my birthday!!! fine @ 29; blessed at all times!  tnk everyone for the birthday wishes 
got my final grade on my project management class; thought it was an a but it is a b+   i still thank god any how!!!
my husband sucks!  he went to see the fight and didn't even think of me!  i wanted to see that fight too  sad 
had a blast at flirty girl fitness!
praying that a change comes soon 
happy birthday j!
trying to ace these finals!  on break from 11-24 to 1-4-10!
am glad that the school board wants to see a band program in my child's school district and wants me to facilitate the program!  great things in education!
calling all band members:  i need you to email me a testimony of your e playful erience in band and how it benefited your life   i am trying to get this music program up and running for district 168 
"getting ready to bake these pies and cakes   thank you god for providing me with all these beautiful people that i know and love   i love you all and for the people i haven't seen in ages, hit me up or call me "
havin' a ball with my fam!
feeling lonley   missing you 
need peace in my heart   fighting demons right now   god give me strength 
ready for a change in environment   like some place warm 
start school again next week   almost done!
time to change me   work on me lord!!!
"happy new year   may god continue to bless you in whatever   praying that this year is my year for peace, love, and a change for the better   i love everyone "
on fb with my wii!
"so sick   chest pains, hacking cough, the whole nine   hope i am better for work tomorrow "
i had lunch with a football player in my bathroom because that is how i roll 
my poor child has been keeping me busy since he is sick   has a high grade temp and all   i tried to keep him away from me but the bug got him too   i hope i can get some sleep   been in the hospital all afternoon 
in pain   i slipped at work and my knee is throbbing    this is not how i wanted to start my monday 
walking like a cripple   i am so tired of this   i hate seeing everybody walking normally and i feel like a turtle 
my niece hope is on the deer!  lol
being blessed with changes   ready to move forward 
"looking for all my friends that went to <propfirst> elementary school on the west side of chicago   umeko, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> hit me up "
mentally preparing myself for surgery   i will be fine because god is my surgeon!
well the surgery is done and now it is time to recover 
got a c in my class   three more classes to go and i walk across the stage june 13th at 8am at the allstate arena 
the devil keeps attacking me   i never got over my pneumonia and it came back in full force   this will be over and god is in control of this battle!
need to free my mind   i have so many storms going on that i can't see the rainbow   god work with me and i will receive whatever you have in store!  i have trust you this long   there is no turning back!
frustrated 
need a change of scenery   ready to make moves 
"getting my mind and my goals together and if god has it in his plan, i will not let anyone stop me from following his plan "
"happy  mother's day 365 days a year because we never stop being mothers   to all the fathers having to be mothers, you will receive you blessings on your day   i love you all!"
really enjoying life with my sons   everyday is a blessing from god   three more weeks and i will be walking across the stage with my masters in hand   thank god!  hallelujah!
"if i worked for a company that was commissioned based, would anyone support my dream?"
"couldn't do it   i am not in my season to do it just yet   god work with, on and through me "
geting ready to take my finals!  i walk across that stage next sunday!!!!  thank you lord for being there for me!!!!  ready for more blessings to pour down 
"for all my fb fam, you are all invited to partake one of the greatest accomplishments of my life   i am graduating at the allstate arena on june 13th at 8am in rosemont, il  if you would like to attend, please send me a message "
"one class down, one more to go "
i graduate tomorrow!!!!   thank you lord!!!
i did it!  i am now a depaul alum (got my masters baby)  i thank god for this!!!!
"happy father's day to all the great fathers out there that have stood up, fought, and struggled to see their children succeed   you all deserve the credit 365 days a year   love you dads!"
living and loving life!
now on to bigger and better things   my god said a change is gonna come 
ready for new opportunities to come into my life   time for a change   will my past be a hinderance or a opportunity to my future?  who is ready to go with me?
"i've had some good days, and i've had some hills to climb, i've had some weary days, and lonely nights, but when i look around, and when i think things over, all of my good days, outweigh my bad days, so i won\t complain!!!  thank you lord for tearing me down in order to properly build me up in your love """
need some satisfaction in my life   ready to move   will the one i want move with me?
i love hanging out with my cuzzo tenille   she is truly one of my besties   can't wait to embark on my new chapter in life   thank you god 
"once we learn how to love ourselves, we will be able to love others   why fight for land that will never belong to you?  fight for peace, equality, and love   stop acting like crabs and uplift each other   there is too many angles losing the battle against the new kkk (krazies killing kids)   lord, your people are ready to put on the armor of christ!"
my baby girl has now grown up as a young woman and has gone away to cali to pursue her dream   lord continue to bless her and us as we send her off coveted in your blood   i can't wait to visit my shawnypoo and i can't wait to start my journey as well   ga here i come!
"thank you all for the many blessings and well wishes on my birthday   you all have indeed been a pivotable part o my life and without god bringing you to me, i will not be the person that i am today   i love you all and thanks again   i am finally 30!"
enjoyed <propfemale> and miami but i am ready to go home to my husband and boys (the main men in my life) 
"i had a ball at the <propfemale> hudson birthday gospel celebration   i got to see my cousin keke perform with jtroop, listen to some great gospel artists and give god the praise, honor and <propfemale>   thank you <propfirst> for inviting me   it really uplifted my spirits   love ya!"
"the love that i have for my husband and boys is the same love that i have for god-unfaltering, unconditional, and unwavering   no one can change that "
glad me niece is finally enjoying life
so much to do in so little time 
it has been thirteen years since i have been with my hubby  happy anniversary!
well i have to have surgery again on my knee  it's time to take it easy 
tired   
two more weeks before i have surgery again on this knee  ugh  lord strengthen me 
i love me some @<propfirst> burnett  thank you for making me happy  to god be the <propfemale> 
i voted today!
tomorrow is the day  pray for my strength  love ya!
i thank god i am ok but i am in a lot of pain 
i can't wait to see my sisters tomorrow and in two weeks  i am in pain but am feeling so loved  thank you god for placing them in my life 
my sis <propfemale> is in town  i can't wait to see her and the fam  i am ready to bond with all my sisters and brothers  i love you all 
celebrating my hubby's birthday  i love you dear 
sitting here thanking god that he has provided me with strong family and friends and has given me the strength to deal with anything that comes my way  a change is soon coming and i am ready!
i wish this weather would stop hurting my knee and that it will stop swelling like a balloon 
