2b73fd2859f8480031f945ec91589b94
got senor pics today! cant wait for the other half on tuesday
cant wait for homecoming    soooo much to do
kissed <propmale> on new years  annoyed 
poppin bottles!!  where u at?!  ha    put it down on meeehhh!!!  smile 
drunlk as a skunk tryin not to act a fool infront ofd my mom right now loll   hahaha
on my way to celebration!!!
i hate easter
"\she aint got nothin on me\"""""
"\i look so good without you\"""""
is   hangiun out with an old friend  smile     love it!
gettin my hair did!!  laugh 
is on my way to another photoshoot with <propfirst>!  smile 
"\i just want     two   big      bbq sauces! teeheeteehee\"" <propfirst> is sooo funny!"""
has to take pics of the frshmen baseball game  playful 
its weird that i have 3 moms   
need a new blackberry!!!!  help
"i feel sick and lonely, as time goes on it gets worse   and this love turns to hate"
"\ i could really use a wish right now\"""""
hangin at brandons  lookin for somethin to do  smile 
my mom turned 54 today    wow!
i'm done with hs 
i won't be here forever    lifes to sort to be waiting around and being compared to others  i have 70 more years of happiness to look forward too   why waste another day?!
picking up <propfirst> at 8am  ughhh
lovin life
rdy 4 a good time!  woo whoo!
is there a ring on my finger?    i didn't think so!
started school  its awful! but tonight is girls night so i'm pretty excited    rdy 4 whatever!
its a fuckin perfect day!  smile 
headin to e-rap tonight   supposed to rain but let's hope it doesn't     fingers crossed!
have u ever met someone really cool that u knew u could nvr be with    bad feeling
me n fam bought <propfemale> some b-day balloons and sent them to heaven today  miss ya tiff!
fun anyone who wants to look at pictures and make fun of me check out my i-photos from thee web cam  smile 
just finished an english paper   ugh! maybe ill finally get some rest!
"lonely and empty   y is it everyone i love never stays in my life?    its like there's a revolving door that says \men in karas life enter here\"""""
thanks <propfemale> for being my cheech! you've always been there for me  smile   luv ya girly
i miss him
once again he dragged my heart around until i hated him   i guess his mission was accomplished   can't wait till alittle time passes and he sees (once again)  what he just lost 
she'll nvr be me  just another home wrecker
on to the next!  tee <propfemale>  laugh 
tell me what ya'll think of my new hair color    id love the feedback!  smile 
hey ya'll follow me on twitter! my name is karamlang and my email is karebear_lotsofluv@hotmail com
wow  smile 
yesterday started out shitty and ended in a pleasant surprise   this morning i woke up and realized  that i'm going to be ok  and i actually might have a shot at true happiness
glad ur doing good     ill make sure to invite u to my wedding?
"absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it "
dont feel all that great now     thnks wagon wheel!
tried to sleep    not working out too well   too much on my mind  smile 
"turned on the tv to the fuckin stupid axe commercial about the balls    ya know    being cleaned     fucking dumb     \what about my ball sac?\"" uuggghhhh"""
almost got into an accident on the way to school    really scary!  speed limit went from 70 to 45 in 1 <propfemale>  would've been fine if the cars infront of me didnt all come to a complete halt
did u know    when ur stomach growls or hurts b c ur hungry its contracting (trying to digest something that isnt there) and when ur nauseated its the stomach acid  eating away at the lining in ur stomach (tryin to digest something that isnt there)   just my info for ya'll today     eat when ur hungry!!!   lol
satiety= sense of fullness
weird guy thats in love w  me keeps staring at me     hope he doesnt come sit nxt to me    keeps looking at this empty seat nxt to me  scary
"right now we're learning \the physiology of sex\""   nice!  good work mrs  bruner!"""
"right now we're learning \the physiology of sex\""   nice!  good work mrs  bruner!"""
"just in: having sex makes u live longer\believe it or not: men have sex for emotional connection (subconsciously of course)"
class is over 45 <propfemale> early!   yah!
"dear meijers gas station, why the giraffe? i don't get it  "
"dear carrabbas italian grill, sry i'm early again (by an hour)  i don't have a life!  but atleast i can bug my manager <propfirst>! \como se dice??? \"""""
works over!  smile  finally
"watching my super psycho sweet 16 2    dont know why, its lame"
anyone wanna come w  me to hobners tonight? dont wanna be the only sober one
<propfirst> <propmale> ganger     i think u should put the past behind u    swallow your pride and come to hobs w  me    js
"hoping the <propfemale> thats \supposed\"" to come back to me is really good     i need something great to brighten my gloomy day"""
thanks <propfirst> and coty for making me laugh last night    needed it!  highlight of my night was def  the drunkin coty falling down the whole flight of stairs
why do i feel like im loosing in this game called life? can't anything ever be good     and stay that way?        my revolving door is swinging  sad 
"\i see you runnin round town with the girl i love and im like fuck you!\""  lalala      lub this song!!!"""
"\in another life maybe we'd be some hot couple    but not in this one \"" -<propmale> wentz 06'"""
nolie cannoli      i need u to cheer me up    miss spanish class  sad 
cant sleep     tried thou  now watching 50 first dates    love it
just had thanksgiving-ish dinner and celebrating my b-day at my grandmas    soooo bored!  atleast my day won't get any worse from this morning    had to deal w  my screaming mother and then a dumb meth head yelling at me  i hate today
i hate research papers!!!!
"dear <propmale> hoppes, yes i do like it wet    lol   u should know that!      lol  jp"
the thunder is sooooo loud! hope the power doesn't go out (knock on wood)   but i love the rain    its much needed
no no no no!!!!!!!!!!!! my dish is goin out!   on a night when the soup is actually sorta funny!  sad 
gave up on my research paper    tv is out     someone plz entertain me  smile   ????
"<propfemale> u just made me laugh hard for the 1st time in a long time      \twat waffle\"" lol   more like mexican oompa loompa  lol"""
"watching \i didnt know i was pregnant\"" it scares me bad  sad """
after all the tornado watch warnings its finally nice out    really <propfemale>   but i like it  smile   more like chicago this way
"my 2 favorite songs    i whip my hair-willow smith  and   double vision- 3 oh!3\  but especially double vision   amazing  smile "
just <propfemale> w  the guys    hilarious!!!
"dear mitch,alex and <propmale>,   squishmo!!!"
soooo what is squishmo again??????
so   i decided to stop by and see <propfemale> today after class   her car was outta gas  we had to buy gas and a gas can that took us 5 <propfemale> to open and 15 <propfemale> to get the nozzle on and took 2 people to help us   smile   feel like an idiot and a good friend all in one  smile  luv u cheech!
"did gtl today     sorta    laundry (work clothes), gym (yoga mat and buns of steel), and tanning= electric sunshine!  feelin fresh 2 death!  lol"
"dear me,  sleep now!!!!!     no?      ok"
came to class to find out that our exam is today     fuck my life        psychology exams suck ass!!!
herd to old songs on the way to school today     goodies- <propfemale> and let me love you- <propfirst>        forgot how much i loved these songs  smile 
mcdonalds breakfast    sixth sense   brownies    my saturday night!!  smile 
"\i see dead people  \"""""
"<propmale> with my gurls   <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonight last night   good time,good friends!"
had a prty good night with my carrabbamicos !!!  smile 
fuck asher roth   he's obviously an idiot b c college sucks     i hate college
"home alone for 3 more days      sad   and no, that is not an invitation for the creepers to come over!!!!!"
"dear corey,\u suck and ur phone sucks    this better not be another lonely night  sad "
had an amazing night!  smile   smile   smile    hopefully tomorrow will be just as good if not better       
smitten
just in (psy class): studies show love is more important then money and the number one factor for happiness is        love and marriage
"you always  find love when your not looking for it      \im a happy lady!!!"
waiting for a certain someone to get outta work and make my night wonderful  smile         waiting killz meee!!!
my pills r kickin in   yes!! sweet victory
havin a wonderful time with my amazing man!!!  smile 
mmmmmm    i love going to bed after kissing you    comfort  smile 
feeling sick from the meds     spinning    stomach crampage    someone help me
"just took a little nap to wake up to suicide statistics       if you are a male, have a small history of depression, history of alcohol abuse and own a gun     suicide is more likely       i know alot of males like that  sad  sad "
"\when god closes a door he opens a window\"""""
really really sad     just cried over something dumb     plan a is a no go     guess ill just party instead!
"sad yet again    long day at work     body aches     another long day tomorrow and no one to comfort me  sad    not very happy or optimistic lately    \fml!!!!!!"
"? find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you <propfemale> up on him, who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep   wait for the boy who kisses your forehead, who holds your hand in front of his friends, who thinks your just as pretty without any makeup on       the one who turns to his friends and says thats her       ?"
have to keep reminding myself that ur just a boy       tell myself ur like all the rest     and that if you arnt in my life i'll be ok      
waiting for <propfirst> to get here for some quality time     excited  smile 
finish paper   make banana bread muffins    shower   then bed? nah prob not
"how did i get soooo lucky to not work tomorrow??? school, shopping then <propmale> potter at midnight    so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!"
my friday night sucked asssss    had to finish a paper and hw by midnight and started at 9   didnt get to see my man and my friends were lame  tomorrow (i mean today) should be great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! getting sooooo excited  laugh 
"hate being disappointed, mad at myself for not following my own rules  \put down some walls    regretting it deeply   wheres my knight in shinning armor?????"
"\you sit on a throne of lies\""    \""you smell like beef and cheese you dont smell like santa\""  lol    i  love  elf! sooo funny"""
"siting at home watch rear window (1954) and eating dark choco mms  smile      \almost died on the highway tonight  \prob wont hear from my man tonight       good night?     so far no!"
and just when ya think ya got it figured out you realize its life
stuck at carrabbas    keys in my locked car!!!! arrgghhh  i'm cold and pissed off
feel like crying      no   balling!!!!   sad 
why is it that whenever im in a room full of people your the only thing on my mind???     and id trade all of those people for just you      smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!! should be a good one  laugh 
"dear friends,\had a good birthday   thanks for the birthday wishes everyone, love you all!!  \xoxo - karebear"
standing in a long line    i hate shopping alone on bf! sorta scary
"i'm cold, my feet hurt and i'm annoyed!!!  but atleast the people i love will have a good christmas  smile "
"why is it im always waiting??????? \probably will hear another excuse soon   argghh  sad "
"your playful attitude is apt to be opposed by someone who refuses to see things your way, sagittarius  walk away from those who aren't committed to helping the situation  it could be that there are people who purposefully try to sabotage your plans  you're too smart to fall into this trap  prove to others that even though you may be happy, it doesn't mean you're gullible   -my horoscope"
"ever wish u could smack someone upside the head and be like \what are you doing dummy?! dont be an idiot!!!\"""""
love how blue my eyes get after i've been crying
i said         yes!!!!!!!     love 
"hangin with <propfemale> tonight    excited!!!\seeing my man tomorrow     happy lady     0 smile    love   love   love   love "
"my love got rust in his eye   \why is everything that happens to him soooo random????\oh man, im in for a wild ride!!!!!  smile  \dear god, give me strength and <propfemale> to deal with this crazy random strange funny hairy sarcastic man i call my boyfriend!!! thanks!     love "
"rip <propmale>    u will be missed u had alot of potential and a very smart guy\ love  u brucey!!!!!!  sad "
"i was really down in the dumps    and then i realized that i dont live my life for other people   for acceptance or to win their approval \i live my life for one person only and thats god    only he can pass judgment upon me   \others opinions shouldn't matter    im not living my life to please those around me"
"\dont say that just yet give the lil guy a chance\"" -<propfirst> w \",2b73fd2859f8480031f945ec91589b94,"im going thru that whole \overly tired\"" thing\",2b73fd2859f8480031f945ec91589b94,"siting in class    trying to get my mind off all the bull shit   not working so well,   hopefully i hear from my man soon   over thinking again!!"
"dear cameron,\why did u de-friend me???      really?"
"soooo for all the people who love me and worry about    don't    i can take care of myself  i have a great boyfriend    i may make status' about crying and so on but i was just emotional last night and being a drama <propfemale>  it wasn't him, he does his best to make me happy and treats me well so just b c i say something dont think he is an asshole ect ect b c hes not   hes amazing    nuff said"
drinking a beer to ease the pain and its not  sad 
had some r n r    feeeeeellin sooo good  i'm chosolate wasateddd!  hahaha
does it make u feel good to know you broke my heart?     that ur not a man but a coward   y even start something u couldn't finish?  why waste my time?  i feel dumb but u look even more dumb for doing this to me   
"prayed with my dad a little bit ago    \god will help me thru this bull shit just like he always does   \i just wish the pain would stop so maybe i can get some sleep tonight  sad \wish i would've listened to my head instead of my heart"
psalm 12 6:5    thanks dad  smile 
"prayed with my dad a little bit ago    god will help me thru this bull shit just like he always does   i just wish the pain would stop so maybe i can get some sleep tonight  sad wish i would've listened to my head instead of my heart\wish i wouldn\t have fallen into your trap    lies"""
"broken hearts are like strippers     they suck     \lol  smile "
going to get some chow at dennys w  ambular  mmmm so hungry
romans 5: 1-5   love 
5678: ur a bitch!!! lol and i love you    im glad u can deal with my crack adicted assss!!!!!  smile  we've been friends for sooo long its amazing! gladv ur back to stay  smile   smile   smile   smile 
14: u made me a great sandwhich!!!! (literally) and ur pretty cool chill  love    smile 
55: i think we dated b4  ? lol i think i made u a heart shaped cookie?  ur a good dude with a big heart
"\soooo    i got fucked in the ass yesterday    it was against my will but he didn't know that    it could be b c instead of saying no i just kept saying yes!!!!\""   lol jp!"""
"really wish i could let go of everything    i'm over it, i'm not upset anymore and ready to move on  its just hard when i have sooo many questions and nothing makes sence !!!!    i really didn't deserve all this bull shit     lesson learned   annoyed "
"74: cute guy that i haven't seen in forever     smile   there's been times when i've hated u, but u were my 1st older hs guy crush!  remember the trampoline?  hahahaha"
"420: my lil smokin man, we had some good times, funny dude   miss it lotz"
"4: nice dude, pretty funny too!   if i remember correctly u blush a lot lol"
121: i have soooo much to say about you  love   the best way to sum it up is    lol    haha  def on my list of top ten ppl ill always remember! and u make me smile
good thing i looked at my schedule didn't realize i fuckin work tonight! wow!
1991: u act like a little bitch sometimes lol but i still love u    u really look out for me care  miss ya <propmale>!
"so ive been thinking   \carrabbas (in lansing) should really have a reality show    there are so many \made for tv\"" people there it rediculous", theres always drama whether its friends or relationships etc   i think it would seriously be epic!\2b73fd2859f8480031f945ec91589b94,"blaming others for the pain we feel each time someone fails to live up to our e playful ectations is no different than burning our tongue on coffee that's too hot to swallow, and then calling our cup an idiot! - guy finley"
"don't regret the one before you    he showed me everything i dont want, don't regret you    you showed me what i want, and somehow brought me back to god,\won't regret the next one because now im smarter and stronger and won't accept the bull shit that the two before gave me        smile "
"sick to my stomach     hating this game called life!\soooo bored! \this weekend should be good thou, going on some \dates\""  smile """
"yes i am single, and no that does not mean i am available to you   \stop stalking me    leave me alone !  smile    please    and thank you"
if i was a book my cover would be a lie    
beware: fucking idiots on the road today!!!      mood= pissed off !
"feeling really        alone annnnd     empty   oh god i hate feeling like this  sad       wish i was going to sleep tonight so could turn off my brain for awhile, instead i'm studying    wow"
"sooooo bored!\watching back to the future for the 1st time   not bad  smile "
just woke up    which means ill be up the rest of the night   great!
wow my horoscope for today is fucking amazing!!!!!!   good day to be a sag     smile 
"\im hood\"" - <propfirst> mcnutterbutter   hahahahahaha"""
had rare steak at logans w  my girl <propfemale>    it was sooo good! now x-mas shopping and home to get rdy for work  playful 
"what am i fucking doing?!     oh ya, being fuckin dumb!"
"<propfirst> just made me swear that id call him in a half hour       he made me \swear on my vagina\"" lol  so if i don't call him that means??????   annoyed """
forgot to put inception on my christmas list      anyone wanna get it for me?????    smile      pretty plz??
"love how amtv is christmas music redone    coldplay, <propfirst> brown, tlc, destinys child     niiiiiiiiiccceeelly done mtv!!!!!!!!"
new jersey shore <propfirst> 6th!!!!!!! helllllz ya     iiitttttssss t-shhhirt tiiiimmmmee!!!!!!!  smile 
beneath the makeup and behind the smile is just a girl who wishes for the world!  love 
"my scars signify a time in my life when i was lost and alone, my heart beat reminds me that i'm still here and my happiness is represented by my smile and the future i face    smile "
"my mom just called me a bitch 5 times       pissed me off    hate that word!!!!!! then to make me feel \better\"" she showed me a doctored pic of a baby with a huge penis     god i just wanna     falcon punch her!!!!!!"""
wondering how ppl get sooo good at lying and being two faced? doesnt it get tiring after awhile? putting up a front like that?????     glad im not that person  smile 
i feel like the grinch today         nuff said
your playin with fire    and honestly      i hope you get burned  smile   baha
<propfemale>- its just so hot!    meh- its b c ur boobs are so big!  haha
"me- hola!    <propfemale>-no!     me- wakey,wakey (jumps up n down)         <propfemale>- ur a twat waffle                    omg i  love  herrrrrrr!!!"
layin here with <propfirst>    its weird
gettin my new tat at 6!!!  sooo scared
<propfemale>-dude did u eat tonight   me- no dude i'm hungry       <propfemale>- i know i'm so hungry but nothing is open but choke n puke! haha     (mcdonalds)   gotta luv her!  smile 
"my news feed is filled with 2010 shit    anoying!!  ok, we all know tomorrow is a new year (2011) we all want it to be a better year and yes     we are all going to party it up or try to   enough already ppl!"
glad im moving on with my life    moving onward and upward  smile 
"why is everyone \in a relationship\"" nowww???  i thought this shit happens around spring time???????    whats wrong with everyone!  annoyed """
at dennys with <propfirst>   of course he's not gunna eat    he's just gunna watch me eat!  playful  
"the lady at arbys drive thru said she put a \dab of vanilla on my chocolate shake for a little decoration\""   ya right bitch! lol   (another wtf moment)   haha"""
waitin for <propmale> to get hear  smile 
"arrrgghh  sammi is such a stuck bitch   its like, \why don't u jus leave u dumb broad? ur bf doesn't even want u there!\""     team j woww  meatballs!"""
even thou im now a scorpio (was a sagittarius) i was actually born 2 months early so with the new dates in place my original b-day is now a sagittarius       hell yah i love my zodiac!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
with my wifey eatin breakfast (aka: marias tacos) then tanning!  laugh 
my wifey got surgery today and bled all over!  now we eat flap jacks! (accent voice)    mmmmmmm yumm
well isn't that the pot calling the kettle black  haha    hypocrites r the bessst  smile 
soooooo fuckin mad right now!
"i'm bout to be done with this   whatever \this\"" issss > sad """
throwin in the towel    i give up
why is it that a couple months ago everything always worked out for me?? and now its like no matter what i do i just get dumped on?!    i guess im just not good enough anymore    maybe i lost my game
"\and ill be left here waitin with my heart on my sleeve  \"""""
"i don't feel any better today    last night felt like a midget was jumping on my heart  today i'm layin hear feeling the after effects,  defeated "
"fyi ladies       sometimes the so called \nice guys\"" are wayyyy worse then the bad ones     be careful!!!!!"""
"so i don't get what i do wrong, i'm not clingy, needy or whiny, i don't need to see someone everyday and don't ask a lot of someone  i don't spend all their money i'm independent and have a good head on my shoulders  i can make u laugh, comfort u and i'm not a bitch  i'm very understanding and  all i ask for is common courtesy is that too much to ask for? ?"
"sooo the show skins is so bad its good   its like the o c  but more scandalous and the cast is closer to their actual age   lesbians, sex scenes, weed, drinking, more drugs,stealing, and clever one liners! new fav"
apparently ppl don't understand my most recent status and feel the need to comment on it or just be rude bitches     idk y the things that i say matter so much?  so to sum it all up    all i ask for outta someone is common courtesy  nuff said   thanks
"\i might have been drinking but i  wasn't mutha fuckin driving\""   bahaha hanging w  smith and mcnutt  laugh """
borrrrrrreeeddd!!!!!!!!
so somehow i got valentines day off    yippie?
so i punch <propfirst> in the face and he tickles me    what gives? ha
i just got punched in the face twice    jus buildin up stamina  smile  
"me -\don't! i'm a fuckin flower \""    idiot- \""ur gunna be a broken fuckin flower!\""   me-  surprise """
how is it that i got to see all my besties today? 1st <propfemale> then <propfemale> then <propfemale> now linds n <propfirst>     lucky girrl  smile  
yay! i got monday off!!      now what to doooo??   hmm
forgot how hard it is to sleep with someone who snores!  arrgghh!   smile   had a great night thou!
watchin jumanji    its     oh kayy (i guess)
omg! my fav couple in the whole universe are getting a divorce!   waaahh!  this is no bueno     i can't go on!!!
layin in bed watchin disney movies w  my ladies :j
"\where the wild things are\"" is a stupid fucking movie!  seriously!"""
applebees has the worst steak ever!!   ewwww 
just saw a carrabbas commercial  laugh  
"sooo scared     i was just sittin in my room and i hear the garage door, i call my mom and she's in bed    the garage door closed by itself?   freaked the fuck out  hopefully i don't get brutally murdered tonight  annoyed "
wooowwww!
feeling goood    not excited for the drive home   ugghh
its my day off!   so i'm hanging with my friends today      k thanks!
"went to dinner, did some serious shopping and rented movies with my favorite lady!  good day off  (considering it was the only one we had off together)"
"\ i sell propane and propane accessories \"" lol"""
raspberry! lol
"feeling really sick, can't sleep  hope i can find someone to work for me tomorrow so i can go see the doc "
i just caught some random guy starin at me  annoyed  uggghhh   no!
i'm on a drug    its called <propfirst> sheen !
i jus had a sing-a-long with boyfriend! (my <propfemale>)  excited for the day!!!!  smile  
u can play ur games but just remember     i play better!  smile 
eating a raspberry cheesecake cookie from subway    its amazing!!!
people make me laugh  facebook is ridiculous!
longest night of my life!  sooooooo tired   nap after meeting w  satin  playful 
"\and i have em right where i want him\""     score!"""
"this guy just keeps fucking talking!!! 1st its money, then its job, then its his mom, then its cream for his nostrils, then he's worried about being a server who serves alcohol   get the fuck outta here and shut ur mouth so i can go home and take a nap!!  thanks  "
at dennys w  the wifey! mmm
"watch the movie the family man with <propfirst> n linds       god, i  love  this movie!  smile "
muy cansado!
watchin baseball    highlights?   confused  annoyed 
all by myself    watching catfish   its weird!!  (the movie lol)
just woke up from the best dream ever!!!     mmmmm  smile 
suinroof open  jammin to 94 1  good day  smile 
"\i'm sorry but ur application for the 8inch or more club has been denied   \""   hahaha"""
seriously just had a bad fucking night    my fav  most e playful ensive shoes got stolen   i saved this asshole from going to jail and repays me with douchebag-ery    now i have a migraine   glad to be with my buds right now though  smile 
thuper duper exthited for tonight!! lol
really?!
19 more days  smile  
really mad     hate when ppl get after me and push my buttons when i'm just tryin to be nice!
watchin the ring with <propfirst> n linds    creeped out!   annoyed 
movie night with <propfirst> n my lindser   waiting for ambular !  smile 
"from the words of great <propfemale> \if all else fails get naked\"" """
thinking and listening to lips of an angel over and over    love 
wish i could just hate you    my life would be sooo much easier   sad 
eating egg rolls and sushi w  mama <propfemale>!  smile   i have a great momma
crazy night    but atleast i got to spend it with u   love 
i  love  sugarland
