8180f5ef5ef41a8f948fa5f0cc75f90b
just call me <propfemale> 
i need a flexible job that will work with my crazy schedule!
trying not to let it get to me!
tired of waiting of waiting for the ex to do what he was court ordered to do   i hope he fries in court!
tired of waiting for the ex to do what he was court ordered to do   i hope he fries in court!
letting go and letting god!
hoping for a miracle!
knows there is true hope in christ jesus!!!
very fortunate to have my son!!!  missing him like crazy!!! knows there is true hope in christ jesus!!!
missing <propmale> so much!  i want him back home where he belongs!
so excited <propmale> is coming home for the week for vbs!  looking forward to school so <propmale> will be home more permanently!
missing <propmale>   awaiting his return!
"class, life, getting by     want more   you only get out what you put in   something to consider   suppose i should take my own advice "
happy birthday to my sweet 7 year old little man!
so ready for the holidays!!  <propfemale> christmas all!  and happy new year!
"happy new year!  wishing a blessed, successful, and peaceful year in 2011 to all of you on facebook!"
just want to say thank you to all of you who wished me a happy birthday!  so sorry i haven't been able to do this before now   a lack of computer and internet at home is the culprit!  god bless!!
branching out    hoping to find some long lost friends    and news ones!
needs to get out more!
so tired and stressed!  completely drained!  i need sweet oblivion for a few days!
loving my family and my friends and keeping myself open to a harmless flirtation 
had a blast spending father's day with my family!  the only drawback was that my son was with his father instead of with us 
"wants somone, but only the right one "
miserable  yet not   confused   overwhelmed  yet underwhelmed   stressed   completely mixed up 
broken but beautiful
"love me    hate me    either way, you're thinking about me!"
happy independence day!!!
"enjoyed the fireworks last night and spending time with my kid, sister, and her kids   it was cool getting to <propfemale> with <propfemale> for a little while   it's been too long "
"everyone goes through stress   it's when you reach the point of hysteria that you have to stop, breathe, and allow that stress to ease away before it completely consumes you   the best way i have found to do this is just to allow god to take my burderns and let him deal with any problem i have zero control over   it helps me sleep better at night knowing he doesn't sleep and is continuously working in my favor!"
i want to find somone to love who will love me and my son in return 
"today sucks, like most days "
"soon leaving to pick up my son from his dad's, then a weekend with him all to myself!  i'm actually looking forward to having the summer over and school back in session so i can have him on a daily basis again   summer visitation just sucks!"
god is so good!  he has blessed me so completely that i'm consumed with his joy and don't quite know what to think!  all i know is that he has my praise!!!
"feelin' down   missing my 10 year reunion this coming sat   i want to go, but things just didn't come together where i could   big bummer "
when will all the drama end?
"god is so good!  my ex has continually tried to seek custody of our son, but all three times, he has lost   today, we had our forth custody trial and my ex realized he would meet yet again with defeat   so we reached an agreement before the trial and i still retain custody!  praise be to jesus!  thank you, lord!"
"===aacchoo!!!==== ?(-???•?)? if you're allergic to bullshit, drama, games, liars, & fake ass people     keep this sneeze going!"
in so much pain!  i gotta get this hernia fixed!
never is a promise   and i'll never need a lie 
"i find it rather amusing that i can put a status on my profile, then find that facebook will delete said status after a few days without my permission "
"working, working, working!  i enjoy my job   but i stay busy, busy, busy!  lol"
i love my life!  i love being a mom!  i love my classes!  i love my job!  life is good!
fall break for my son starts tomorrow and he's spending it with his dad   so not looking forward to <propmale> being gone   hit me up if ya wanna <propfemale>   i will need the distraction 
"i really have awesome friends   they've really come through for me, keeping me company and hanging with me while <propmale> is at his dad's   especially <propfirst>, who has shared his son's with me when i'm not at work or school   aiden and <propmale> are so wonderful!  i've fallen for them   can't wait to see them again today after work!"
"blessed with truly awesome friends, my chosen family!"
celebrating <propmale>'s birthday today because he'll be at his dad's on the actual day (oct  30th)   so excited!  can't wait for the party   been preparing for it all day!  yay!  happy (early) birthday to my sweet <propmale>!
got a new haircut!  i'll add pictures soon 
"got a new haircut!  pictures in newest pictures of yours truly album, at the bottom "
"hard to believe my little baby is 8!  how the years have flown!  happy birthday, <propmale>, my sweet <propmale>!"
"eight years ago today, my life changed completely   i became a mom, the most rewarding and best accomplishment i shall ever have   happy birthday, <propmale>!"
i wonder if he's interested   the way he looks at me makes me think he might be   i wish he'd let me know if he's considering me as a potential 
blessed with so many people who love me and that i can call framily (friends that are family )
"about to give a tour to 60 8th graders here at roane state   i've never done it before and just got asked moments ago   so i figure, how hard can it be???"
spent a few hours folding and organizing my niece's and nephew's clothes   very much enjoyed the time spent with lilyan as i organized her dresser while she <propmale> up clothes in the closet!
\who do you think you are?  runnin' 'round leaving scars," collecting your jar of hearts   you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul   don't come back for me   don't come back at all   who do you think you are?\""  \"8180f5ef5ef41a8f948fa5f0cc75f90b,"in school, you learn your lesson, then get tested   in life, you get tested, then learn your lesson!"
"to all my fb friends: have a happy, warm, and safe thanksgiving!!"
had such an awesome and joyful time today with family and friends!  and i got to hold aiden alot!!  he's such a sweet and precious baby!  almost 3 months old   i'm truly thankful for all the people i was able to share my thanksgiving day with 
"if during our lives, we were only allowed one best friend, i would choose my sister "
"true love comes from my son  it's pure, sincere, and has no boundaries!!"
"having a blast with my son, family, and friends   i love you guys!  you know who you are!  stay safe!  true blue!"
thank you all for the plethora of birthday wishes!!!
pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you    can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one    mom!!"
another snow day for the kids and there is hardly any snow to speak of   my son is going to forget what school is like   maybe i should take him to class with me   well   maybe not!
happy  laugh  life is good 
new med very potent and making me extremely drowsy!  hope all it will take is getting used to it for the effects to become milder 
"<propmale> had the stomach flu yesterday, but after sleeping almost 16 hours straight, he is back to his normal, sweet self!  so relieved!  i hate it when my little guy is sick!"
it is amazing how one simple post can cause such an uproar!
"i'm teaching myself how to knit in order to complement my crochet   i've got the knit stitch down and am having so much fun   my friend <propfemale>, who gave me help on how to incorporate my crochet style into knitting, told me that my work looked really good   her one criticism: chillax the stitch!  it's still a bit too tight and can be loosened for easier flow   i'm lovin' this!"
can't wait 'til next weekend!!!  gatlinburg and the titanic museum with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!  so excited!!!
"so excited!  can't wait for this weekend!  we've got the tickets set up and the room reserved and in three days time, em, <propfemale> and i will be e playful eriencing the titanic in gatlinburg!  yay!!!"
"so, so, so excited!  today's the day!  it's finally here!  titanic museum, here we come!!!"
"at the hotel in pigeon forge!  just got back from ihop and i am full!  we are having so much fun!  i am so glad we did this!  em, <propfemale>, i love you girls so much!"
titanic museum today!  woot woot!  what we could see of it as we drove by was so awesome!  can't wait to get inside and take pictures!
titanic was so awesome!!!!  it was so freakin' amazing!  so much better than i imagined!  we had so much fun and were completely awestruck!!!  everyone should e playful erience titanic at least once!
you know you've had a thoroughly successfull trip when you come home completely exhausted and completely sore!
"i'm so happy today!  my son is getting the help he needs to do better in school   i'm surrounded by people i love and who love me   i've got my coffee    yeah, life is good!"
"feeling so blah today   love the weather, but i think it's taking its toll on me today   fatigue, slightly sore throat, slight chest congestion    i hope it disappears as the day wears on "
"\blueberry\"""""
"very sadly, most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour??? its special education week, and this is in honor of all the children who need a little extra help, <propfemale> & understanding  thanks ?"
wanna go home and sleep!  looking forward to the weekend though!
