b75f21dd0cd7279b63fe1fea28061889
twenty ten?  where the hell is my flying car?  i feel cheated 
disappointed in my mountie's today    oh well    
i'm beginning to see a light at the end of this long dark hot <propfirst> tunnel 
they should promote me straight to colonel or sergeant <propmale> 
i saw a dust devil today about 2000 feet high and about a half mile across   it was neat 
omg!  it's 1 smile 0  i'm laying here reading and this huge camel spider crawls down the wall and hops on my bed   yikes!!
i am packing my gear    
got a certificate of achievement from command here today   that was kinda neat 
has officially finished his duty here   it's been signed over to another unit   now i'm waiting for a chopper to take my first leg of the journey home 
is stuck for a little while   killing time till i catch the big bird home 
is trying to get out of iraq   where's my damn plane?
is stuck because of horrible dust storms   i haven't seen the sun in two days!
hasn't seen the sun in three days now 
"dust dust go away, come again some day after i freaking leave!!!"
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>      
air is clear and planes are flying     woot   now where's mine?
"iraq is like disneyland, really    "
yesterday at the dining facility it was pilipeno night   hmmmm   
"\i got a job at the airport    parking jets    i think they are gonna let me go though   i keep locking the keys in the cockpit   the they caught me the other day with an eighty foot ladder and a coat hanger in the window \""  - <propfirst> wright"""
someone is always fucking something up so we can't go home   sigh     
groundhog day?
i hear stirrings of a flight   hmmmm   
"barring anything stupid happening, and this is the army, i should have boots on ground in the good ole usa on the 16th!  hooray!"
still haven't left!!!  dust     grrrr 
sitting waiting to board my flight out of iraq   bout time   
it feels good to be home!
"there's no place like home, there's no place like home   is this home?"
just got back from wild wonderful   had a great time seeing family and old friends   should they be playing those 80's songs on the oldies stations?
i come home from iraq and it won't stop raining   what kind of shit is that?
"a 16 year old boy on my son's football team died today due to complications of heat stroke   my son is confused and devastated   such a young life ended much too soon   it appears to be quite the medical mystery, as when he was afflicted it was 75 degrees"
"in gatlinburg, tennessee for a getaway weekend   yea!"
"smokey mountain brewery  nine brews, nine 5 ounce samplers, $7 00   hell  yeah!   the <propfemale> gap wheat and the cherokee red ale were awesome "
"fort campbell high wins both of their opening scrimmage games during the football jamboree  next friday, the lights go on for the regular season  i smell a third championship in the making  conar was a beast!"
block leave is  over   i gotta go play soldier 05 smile 0 in the morning 
does this mean i have to pack away my white clothes soon?
can someone gift me a goat please?
someone farmville me a passion fruit tree!  i don't have that one!
wvu is playing as well as i've seen them play in a long time   can they keep it up?  go mountaineers!
"rephrase, sec referees fucking suck    they are stealing this game from us   have they even called a penalty on auburn?"
no team can win a game giving away five turnovers 
"well, the mountaineers tried to give that one away    oh well, a win is a win   the second half was much better than the first "
"thank each and every one of you for your veterans day greetings   the sacrifices we make are ones we choose to make and are proud to make them    we each have our reasons for serving but in the end, the result is the same   i always feel those that came before me deserve the most credit   many of them made the ultimate sacrifice    freedom is not free   it's paid for by the blood of patriots "
fort campbell high school plays second round of the playoffs tonight against our old rivals trigg country   i'm e playful ecting quite a game 
"fort campbell 41, trigg county 7    ah yes     "
"fort campbell 28, <propmale> 21    21 yd touchdown pass for the win with 14 5 seconds remaining   conar was a beast on defense with 5 solo tackles "
"with or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things  but for good people to do evil things, that takes religion "
"religon is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false and by the rulers as useful   everyone enjoy your families and friends today!"
fort campbell high wins the state division title against <propmale> county 30-16   we advance to the championship game in bowling green at wku stadium next friday at 3 pm against louisville desales    wvu knocked off pitt as well! woot!   it was a good night!!!!
i saw an segment on tv today about how to control holiday 'overspending'  how about we just don't spend? seems like such a waste of time and money to supposedly show people we love them with trinkets  how about just tellling them you love them and spend time with them? sigh   
"climatologist <propfirst> holden to congress     he argued we can solve the problem  but the challenge here is that most of the public — including members of congress — struggle to understand even the basic science  and now, the leaked emails raise doubts about some of the climate scientists  figures    "
fort campbell high plays for the 2a state championship today in bowling green against louisville desales at 3 p m  cst    conar is starting defensive line   go falcons!
woot!  i won a chinese cultural e-mail lottery!  i will 'get the sum of 500000 00 united states dollars' as soon as i give them my information!   oh lucky day!
fort campbell high school is 2009 undefeated class 2a state champions   we beat louisville desales 29-9   conar played an awesome game   he now has three state rings   go falcons!
"the mounties tried to loose that one, good thing rutgers sucks!  now i'm going shopping to buy pitt some tissues    muhahaha!"
"let's remember the sacrifices that were made starting 58 years ago    i agonized over a 15 month deployment, yet some of the men that fought world war ii were gone for 3 or more years    those were some hard people "
"<propfemale> had her second wrestling match last night, she's improving!   she was fearless and lasted almost the entire first period   she would have done better if her knee hadn't got slammed   i'm proud of her "
"yes, do you have <propmale> <propfirst> in a can?          well, you better let him out    hmmmm, that doesn't work so well anymore does it?"
"no snow for tennesee   of course, i have to drive to wv on the 23rd   they should have it cleaned up by then    i spent last christmas in iraq, no snow there either "
"back in wv for the holidays   good to see family and friends   went to the wvu game last night, go eers!  happy holiday's to you and yours everyone "
new years with the norovirus    what a good start 
hmmm   i think i'm going to haiti      i had to pick water operations as my mos 
"ok, no haiti for me   i'm too close to my window for leaving the army so i get to stay here in our rear detachment   this of course didn't stop my chain of command from having me pull 24 hour operations yesterday in preperations    i haven't been this sore and tired in a long time "
i've decided i don't believe in gravity    you can't show it's existance so it must not exist 
thanks everyone for the birthday greetings!
moving to northern wv very soon     need networking!!!  looking for a job   anyone have any leads?
<propmale> <propfirst> 2012?   hmmm   at least he's a true conservative 
thursday is my last day as a soldier   where has the time gone?
i am now offically a civilian   what an interesting three years 
"we've a full tank of fuel, half a pack of cigarettes, 555 <propmale> to morgantown, it's dark and i'm wearing sunglasses "
back in morgantown    anyone up for some board gaming?
"gulf states threatened by epic oil spill, massive flooding in tennesee, kentucky and georgia   sounds like god's punishment for voting republican   ha!"
bee--you--tiff-full day    
"according to the nhtsa, since 9 11,  over 375,000 americans have died on our nations highways    how many have died by terrorist attacks?   we need to get our priorities fixed "
read this you az immigration law lovers    
"<propfirst> nixon, 1968    hmmm    things are kinda the same aren't they?"
stupid vampires 
i need a new photo   that one is getting old 
"i was thinking i should head to the gulf with a bucket and something to collect oil   i could sell it to bp by the bucketfull and make a few dollars    why not, can't find a job    anyone want to invest $70,000?   i'll give you 5% over the next two years "
"wow, capitialism is inherently evil    we need to kill it "
why is it republicans didn't worry about debt reduction until after they lost power?
i had a juvenile bald eagle sitting in my driveway today   i think he was hunting chipmunks   what a surprise!
i need crew people   it's work   $12 00 hr and usually a lot of overtime    it's dirty!
"i tried to start an atheist militant group   problem is, we can't find any good reasons to kill people "
"i find it ironic that the \tea party\"" takes its name from a group of revolutionist terrorists that destroyed the property and stock of a private company in boston harbor """
hawks 41-9 over elkins    conar played his best game this season   he was crushing guys   he pancaked one huge defensive lineman so hard i swear the stadium shook   hawks are now 4-0 
university high was down 7-21 vs  hedgesville at half time  we won 35-28!  hedgesville made a valiant effort on a last minute drive after recovering the onside kick with about a minute to go  it was 4th and 3 on the 11 yard line with 15 seconds and we batted down the attempted pass for the tie  hawks won and ruined homecoming for hedgesville 
university high defeats fairmont senior 14-13 
university beats <propfirst> <propfirst> 48-14    conar sprains his ankle in his very last offensive play   sigh      he's got a few weeks before playoffs 
"university high over <propmale> high 47-8    university moves on to the mohawk bowl against morgantown next week   conar didn't play, they didn't need him, but he should be a go for next game "
"three interceptions and a plethora of sacks,  wvu can't beat anyone with that performance   the defense only allowed one touchdown but the offense has to score   the first two drives of the game were perfect   then nothing "
why is it people think the government can do something about unemployment?  the government neither controls nor causes it   i don't get this view 
"well, that was kind of pointless   i guess everyone will vote for 'change' again in two years "
i lost my write in bid to become surveyor for monongalia country   i received exactly one vote 
"the claim: the united states will be \spending a whopping $200 million per day\"" on president barack obama's trip to <propfemale>  \",b75f21dd0cd7279b63fe1fea28061889,"a suspected case of bacterial meningitis comes out of university high \school in monongalia county, that leaves one 16 year old man dead \\ the name of the deceased student has not been released, but officials \from the monongalia county health department say anyone who had casual \contact with the man are not recommended for treatment at this time \\really?   who was it?"
"i heard today you can't spell \dallas cowboys\"" without \""blow ass\"" """
"wow!  i heard this today    \\both countries were 'operating on stereotypes that have outlived their \usefulness', us president barack obama said on monday in response to a \question on outsourcing and what <propfemale> would get from the deals struck \in mumbai \\ what?  has everyone lost their minds?  can we send anyone to govern that has the people's best interest?   either that or i'm filling out my emigration papers "
"the united states is so advanced, we flush our waste and wash our sidewalks with drinking water   be thankful you have potable water flowing from you taps "
wikileaks: making the world a more interesting place!
"i'm about to declare my own republic   you know, like <propfirst> did "
i swear i have a japanese exchange student living in my house 
the president says things are 'improving' in afganistan   really?  they should be after 10 freaking years!!!
why is it the wealthy that always suggest a flat income tax?
is this crap over yet?  happy holidays everyone 
someone send <propmale> <propmale> a dvd of my name is <propmale> 
i had a guy <propmale> me across a parking lot in his car because he didn't think i waited long enough at a four way stop   he made a big mistake 
holy crap!  thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone    you know you're getting old when the present you liked the most was a new blood pressure monitor   sigh   
<propfemale> won her first match!  she place third in the tourney in her weight class!
looks like we've lost our house   i got the fha inspector from hell   him and the seller's incompetence has cost me a nice house 
20 years with my wonderful wife   i think she's stuck with me   lucky girl!
"we got our house!  just when it looked like it was a goner we rebounded and closed on the 17th   let the destruction begin   i've already torn out all the carpets, the oak hardwood is beautiful   she's 102 years old, but a grand ole gal "
"anyone remember \the money pit\""?"""
