74019acc10bd87c95cb6aff0cc0e16c6
"ugh!! hate that spring break is almost over, why can't it be longer huh why!       smile "
"thanks to everybody whos excepted me as thier friend, love you all   mauh!!"
tim  must  die!!!
mmm u just love twix
regrets skipping that one day of math class -_-
cant wait to leave  these two days have been torture
cheddar jalapeno cheetos  mmmm
how i love taking ice cold shower   wasn't torture at all   
at costco  bring on tha free samples!! lol
"don't be hatin'---\                                b-rad"
"don't you want somebody to love, don't you need somebody to love, wouldn't you love somebody to love, you better find somebody to love"
thinks its that time of night where everything is funny lol
"and suddenly i become a part of your past, i'm becoming the part that don't last, i'm losing you and its effortless   "
"  i can feel something inside me say, i really don't think you're strong enough  "
watching killer  with  ashton kutcher!!!  smile ))
thinks that everything should b wrapped n bacon
"you're so vain, you probably think this song is about you, you're so vain, i'll bet you think this song is about you, don't you? don't you?"
  you just keep me hangin' on  
has not afraid on repeat  love 
  we all fall down   like toy soldiers  
wishes some ice cream would magically appear in the freezer
finally got some ice cream  smile 
is watching <propfirst> the menace  smile 
mmmm   how i love papa <propfirst>'s pizza  joyful 
is watching beauty & the beast  smile )
waaaaaallll-eeeee!!  laugh 
"if you lose the moment, you might lose a lot, so why not   why not"
watchin the jungle book  smile 
is gonna tell you about the bird!!!
haha i love the <propfirst> and stewie episode
cheesecake  smile 
"ready or not, coffee cake here i come!!!"
finally found that stupid <propfemale> bee  was just about 2 go completely insane
is having a laugh attack watching <propmale> cook videos on youtube  laugh 
just saw a spider hop along my pillow n disappear  no  i'm not paranoid at all
almost died in the shower -_-
and now we wait   
the breakfast club  love 
now watching candyman  laugh 
<propfemale>  love 
the iron giant and ice cream  both amazing  laugh 
would kill for some grapes right now  mainly tha green ones lol  laugh 
  set adrift on memory bliss of you  
stupid printer -_-    think i need some ice cream now
goodbye houston  next destination  san <propfirst>
was very productive today  now  2 watch lion <propmale> 1 1 2  laugh 
omg there was a wasp in here  thank goodness it flew out window  almost died  now to worry bout tha orange lizard i saw a few minutes ago   how i love dorms
how i miss food -_-
inuyasha  love 
"sock'em boppers (sock'em boppers), more fun than a pillow fight!!!!"
"everybody in the whole cell block, was dancing to the jailhouse rock!!"
  you are not the father!!  
"yay!! passed my first test of tha semester wooo  no no, please stop applauding your're embarrassing me lol"
yay
destination reached!!  laugh 
that camry commercial grinds my gears  can u say annoying -_-
watching avatar  laugh 
"man, its like sometimes  i don't care bout nothin"
ha  just found me 5 bucks!!  laugh 
my so-called life  love 
"now let me clear my throat, how mercy babe, i hope you don't mind  laugh "
reeeeeeaaaalllly want to go to a haunted house  like  really really  you don't even knnnoww!!!
fb chat   i hate youuu!!!
watcing friday  laugh 
is currently standing outside  5 minutes ago i was soundlessly asleep in bed  thank you sooo much fire alarm  troubled 
today i would like to thank the fire alarm from the bottom of my heart for going off at 5 smile 0 in the morning > sad 
glee  love 
"if you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it or let it go "
was watching hell's kitchen n fire alarm comes on   thank you sooo much!!
wishes she had some ice cream  troubled 
"don't be so serious  if you can't laugh at yourself, call me   i'll laugh at you "
made it back to <propmale>  laugh 
ihop!!  laugh 
i'm what wllis was talkin about!!!  laugh 
ragin cajun  love i guess drivin around <propmale> lost was worth it  laugh 
back in san <propfirst> and back to having no food   yay  
beauty & the beast   love 
toy story 3  love 
4 more days til im on a airplane for tha very first time  all by my lonesome  kinda excited lol  smile 
-_- now i hav to get in that shower  thanks alot roomy -_-
"just got my wish list returned from <propfemale>  the note attached said, lmao   no!  laugh "
woooo done with finals and i fly 2 <propfirst> 2mmorow  smile 
and now we wait for tha airoplane  smile 
well that was fun  smile 
is a sophisticated traveler now!
nooo  wiiirree  hannnngerrs !!!! lol   laugh 
watching courage the cowardly dog  laugh 
kings of <propfirst>  love 
watching despicable me  laugh    laugh 
"if you have not seen despicable me, you need to drop everything you're doing and go watch it now   like  seriously!!"
"it's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not  so start believing in yourself!"
outside n snow!!!
so  not a good idea 2 go out with no gloves on  fingers almost fell off  surprise 
be good to yourself because the longest relationship you will ever have in life is with yourself
<propfemale> fiercethong
go karts!!!  laugh 
i like lollipops  playful 
ugh  my roommate is really dragging out this moving out of dorm thing waaaay out -_-
so she's finally moved out  yes!!!!  laugh 
watching megamind  laugh 
exactly 2 months  laugh 
i hate when i accidently skip a question on scantron and hav to go back and re do everything  -_-
omg mr  & ms g's soul food place was amazingly good  if i lived on this side of town i'd be big as a house haha  laugh 
nothing like samples at costco's  lol  laugh 
ugh someone save me from this spider on the ceiling   its gonna swallow me whole i just know it  surprise 
"your words of wisdom for today   \elephants don't swat flies -- r kelly"
yay 19-0 lol
