56c1dd6f9247d7c7f6a99f1720df8534
finally--dinner time!
time for bed   
ready for some homework!
dreading gmu parking in the morning   
lunch break   
meeting up with nicci smile 
parking wasn't as bad as i thought it would be today       it was worse   took me 40 mins to get out of the parking lot   then    every buffett fan was heading to nissan pavillion via 66!
"finally, home from work  tgif!"
like old times    friday night football--lhs game 
enjoying the peace and quiet   
baking cookies smile 
"can't wait  bbq, swimming, atvs & fishing   then the after party  smile "
work on labor day  sad 
   
enjoying my day off!
"two of the best things about fall coming soon: pumpkin spice lattes and pro football (yeah, i know, weird combo) "
<propfirst> is on call tonight  sad 
lovely homework time  smile 
class all day   
is excited because she has the day off tomorrow!
sleep is good smile  then traffic in the a m   annoyed 
home sweet home 
has the entire weekend off!! wooo hooo!
"catch up today    cleaning house, hw, dal game tonight "
waiting for my better half to get home smile 
house!
research annoyed 
is having pancakes for dinner smile 
mmm   coffee smile 
is trying to decide if she should continue doing homework or take the lazy route and find something else to do   
wants suggestions for a great restaurant to celebrate an anniversary 
 love 
is thankful that the weekend is almost here   
dinner and a movie   
is content 
taking my lil' sis out tonight smile 
i  love  pj's!!
chore day!
where has the weekend gone??
"homework, house, <propfirst> game--all at the same time   i don't know how i'm going to do it all   "
homework-check   house-check   game time!
how 'bout them cowboys!
class today   
no <propmale> for quiet time   paul's nephew is staying over tonight smile 
"study, study, study "
exam
it's finally time for some r&r 
homework day   
homework break    off to remington for some atv and dirtbike riding 
is it over already?
"5, really? you're killing me romo   "
yay! the work day is over    time for more homework 
class til 4 smile 0 smile 
mc d's for dinner    yuck 
has the day off with plenty of homework to do annoyed 
needs motivation
"1 class down, 1 to go    then maybe <propfemale> can get some chicken noodle soup on the way home  smile "
"the weekend is finally here! top fuel drag racing tomorrow, first time    hope its good!"
the usual sunday routine  homework housework 
getting ready for dinner at <propmale> and krystall's   i get to see little robert smile 
chicken noodle soup for my lil sis smile 
lots of coffee for lots of studying!
exam in the a m   i wish i could take it now and get it over with   
organizing   
baking a spice cake w  cream cheese frosting and brownies for dessert tonight  yum!
got off work early today and is enjoying the quiet time smile 
swamped with homework 
it's b-e-a-utiful outside!
"class today, then meeting up with nicci smile "
what am i going to do tonight?
waiting 
is happy the rain has finally subsided 
today is all planned out and sunday will be gone before i know it 
baking a chocolate cake for krystall's birthday tomorrow 
is running around like she's crazy today   many errands to run and lots of homework to do!
carving pumpkins tonight   can't wait!!
phew    glad the school part of the week is over   
hates moments that are extremely awkward!
halloween party!!!!
cleaning 
visiting my mom tonight smile 
just registered for my last 3 classes for spring 2010 to complete my degree!
"hr exam, wish me luck smile "
wishes she could see <propmale> cook at the patriot center on friday!
<propfirst> is buying me dinner smile 
miss him already 
i can handle rain and i can handle the cold   cold and rainy? not so much   
is happy she is finally home 
scrabble anyone?
stayed up too late last night   now it's time to get some work done!
***meteor shower tonight***
is procrastinating 
really wants a nap!!
taking <propfemale> to see new moon smile 
it is going to be a looooong saturday night!!
just got called into work    tons of fun smile 
"starting thanksgiving the right way    ha! work 6a-10a   work hard, play harder smile "
needs a break from reality 
i want sleep!!
bought another fish this morning    i'm going to need a bigger tank!!
an afternoon nap on my rainy day off?  i don't see why not   
i don't think i could ever get tired of having breakfast for dinner love 
i wonder how many people are stocking up on milk and toilet paper because of some snow flakes in the weather forecast    ha!
fajitas smile 
sunday= f love   love  tball
final exams coming up    the beginning of the end!
procrastinating    making an itunes playlist for saturday night instead of working on my paper!
the pressure is on   
phew    the most difficult exam is over    only 2 left!
cupcakes!
( sad hristmas party smile 
really can't wait until exams are over so i can do some christmas shopping!! if anyone has gift ideas let me know!!
free lunch @ chick-fil-a in warrenton between noon and 1pm! paid for by one hour heating and air conditioning 
is ready to ace the last exam of the semester 
is thankful for jeeps in snowy weather!
is jealous of the people who are done with their christmas shopping!
watching four christmases with <propfemale> smith   it's scary how much it resembles our christmas!
happy birthday mom smile 
happy birthday <propfemale> khoury smith smile 
"swimming in a sea of tape, bows, and wrapping paper! when will it end?!"
nothing much to eat    settling for domino's smile ~
i have a good feeling about 2010 wink 
celebrating the new year with a great group   smile 
is thankful that new year's <propfemale> 2010 fell on a friday    two whole days to sleep it off!
*how 'bout 'em?*
finally getting a break and enjoying three whole days off of work  laugh 
so much for my time off  i spoke too soon    just got called in to work!
food 
and the color is    you wish playful 
is laughing at the people who are freezing their butts off because they now have to smoke outside of the restaurant  laugh 
homemade pizza and football with the fam!
that's my boys
it's time for some rest and relaxation!
is seeing avatar tonight with nicci robinson laugh 
facebook is being stubborn tonight and won't let me have a new profile pic annoyed 
doesn't like it when things don't go as planned sad 
sleep is goooood   
thank god it's saturday   fridays are overrated!
 love  <propfirst>'s red hot sauce
it's the beginning of the end  the last semester has begun   
double date with nicci robinson!
only two things on the agenda for this lazy sunday   food and football 
"i had my doubts about the <propfemale> mccarthy's \your shape\"" for wii but now that i've got a routine down it is kicking my butt!"""
my ipod decided it was a <propmale> petty kind of day smile 
is thankful for the beautiful snow and the delicious dinner at osaka for her birthday  thank you for all of the birthday wishes smile 
 love  oodles of noodles
snow schmoe    bring it on 
take a demo test    http annoyed  implicit harvard edu implicit demo 
up and out the door early this morning!
i really wish i didn't have to be at work at 6am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all done playing in the snow for now it's time for super <propfirst> bros  wii    unless of course the power goes out   again 
i found something productive to do     both of our 2009 tax returns are now complete smile 
new orleans!
call me crazy    but i'm not sick of the snow yet like everybody else is!
super psyched that our summer vacation to florida is booked!
"spaghetti, garlic bread, and sangria for dinner!!"
it's days like this that make me reeeaallly want a hammock!
is going to a lovely sheetz meeting   
on my way to the land of nod 
going for a ride in the chevelle smile 
 love  starbucks doubleshot 
thank you rain for calming down the pollen!
i wish i was a morning person 
trying to overcome senioritis
 love  hearts for vt  love 
why does time fly by only when you're having fun? let's get this work day over with already!
music makes everything better 
poker time  wink 
riding atvs on the countryside  smile 
 love  earth day  smile 
up early for work    already planning for a nap afterwards  
i can't believe i told <propfirst> i'd buy him a street bike helmet for his birthday  what did i get myself in to? at least one safety issue is out of the way   
likes to have a plan to follow but doesn't like to make the plan 
loves waking up before 6 am on saturday    not!
would like to wish <propfirst> a happy birthday even though he doesn't have a fb!
"as i was walking through the parking lot this morning, a car drove through a puddle right next to me    jeans are soaked  it's going to be a great day "
less than 3 weeks of classes left! let's do this!
"great friends, great wine, great time!"
double espresso is a must for this monday morning 
the final countdown    9 days until graduation!
there's nothing like getting off of work early!
iron man 2 with mom and sis  smile 
i love you mom!
only one exam left and i'm free!
done with college! finally free!
graduation ceremony tonight! celebrating all weekend!
doing some reverse shopping today  for some reason most items i buy look better in the store!
the older i get the more i miss the feeling of being bored 
is excited 
just had my car painted and then i have to drive through a hail storm  fml
friday!
had an excellent night with the ladies smile 
mowing the grass and definitely getting in the pool when i'm finished!
dinner with mom and sis  smile 
bloomin' onion
at the dc zoo today!
museum hopping in dc today  smile 
ready to start a brand new week and put last week behind me 
dreaming about florida    7 more weeks!
it's a blasty blast!
after work i plan on celebrating the first day of summer by the pool with a piña colada in my hand  smile  who's with me?
has not yet had a fresh garden tomato this season  who is holding out on me????
<propfemale>  me  eclipse  12 surprise 7 a m   smile 
at the circus (sheetz) until 3  then it's time to kick of the usa celebrations   smile 
enjoyed watching great meadow's fireworks for free on dad's lawn  smile 
i need to buy a few good books to read on my trip in august   any recommendations?
everything is starting to come together     smile 
i really love to pack up all of my stuff and move at least once a year  ha! not!  working on move number eight since 2004  ahhhhhhhh!
wow  one more day at sheetz  i can't believe it 
moving is done! only two more rooms to paint and i'm off for 3 weeks!! pompano beach here we come!
who is ready for vacation? that would be me! flying down to florida tomorrow   smile 
had an awesome dinner @ <propfirst>'s crab shack  now we're off to the tiki bar!
leaving the sunshine state    back to fauquier   
playing in the dirt today    potting my new plants!
last party of summer tonight!  smile 
still in my pjs sipping coffee! finishing chores here and there  i love sundays!
first day at my new job 
our new living room set arrived! good-bye camp chairs!
bonfire out in the sticks!
port and dark chocolate    mmmm   
snf
"is going to kidnap <propmale> dyrdek's bulldog, meaty! i want another bulldog  annoyed "
is one lucky girl  celebrating 8 years with <propfirst> <propfirst> this weekend   smile 
"enough is enough! kendyl, you are going to stop being lazy and start the p90x routine! (i'm trying  to motivate myself   )"
great day for riding atvs
heartache  we all miss you    love   tj   love 
enjoying my first gingerbread latte of the season  it's all about the little things  smile 
had fun staying up all night with nicci robinson playing video games    just like old times!!
is it thursday yet?! i can't wait to drown all of my food in gravy!!
"family, friends, food, & football!!"
thanks to <propfirst> we have our first christmas tree up (it only took 8 years)!  he even spent hours at the store helping me pick out the decorations - love him!
heat wave in northern va - 48 degrees and <propfemale>! time for an iced coffee 
yep i caved    watching american idol and yes i might be enjoying it   
just had my last day at my current job  now i have ten days off until i start my new job  woo hoo!
i have to be honest - those waving towels are terribly annoying 
i can't imagine having several brain surgeries in a few months and then re-learning everything at the age of 64  i hope my 'mugga' gets better soon 
"alright snow    i can handle you    hot wings (franks of course), a bottle of wine, and some netflix  go ahead, snow me in!"
30 minutes early for the first day at my new job  let's get started already!
hell yeah!!
chocolate milk with dinner - it's not just for kids people!
margaritas!
"wow   the license plate on the vehicle in front of me \luv vajj\"""""
drove home scared on flooded roads with a tornado warning  treated red lights like stop signs even if i was going straight  rules change when nature strikes!
freaked out - fell asleep watching 2012 last night only to wake up to watch the earthquake in japan on the news 
waited 8 years to get engaged and now i don't even feel like planning a wedding  vegas is starting to sound better and better! ha!
"pandora radio, thank you for keeping me sane in this small, quiet office "
coffee isn't doing its job today  moving on to espresso & cream 
taco smell for lunch  slept in this a m  instead of making my lunch  annoyed 
bacon & eggs 
i never thought i'd say this but i miss the days when i was younger and complained about being bored  i would love to have a few hours of boredom again!
