5e6d887e4f9e782a6001e99af1640308
why can't i just teleport home? the 5 hour drive is gonna kill me   
sleep
the irony of having a surgeon whose first case with me was putting an olecranon plate in and now he is going to be getting the same plate put into him by his partners  ice skating is dangerous people 
packing & running errands & packing   
"in anguilla, went to veya last night  the chef's tasting menu was amazing"
farmville peoples - send chickens! i need 20   
"last day in anguilla     sad  but i get to go <propfemale> in annapolis & <propfemale> as soon as i get back  okay, technically i get to go watch tv in lounges and freeze in ors    but hey, better then an office! but no beach   very sad "
i come home from anguilla and find my lil brother is visiting from texas   
foiled again   
blarney
using only 4 words tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together  then copy & paste this to your own fb status & see the responses you get!
"ok    lets ignore the obvious problems with the name ipad for now - what's with the cutesy dork need for twin names - ipod & ipad, really? seriously? apple fail !!!"
just finished watching lord of the rings - two towers  the monologue dialogue never gets old 
okay okay    we get it    really - stop trying to kill us with an ice age to make a point already!!!
is wondering who is going to katsucon next week 
got home at 3pm to batten down the hatches - got a call at 4pm for medical equipment for emergency add-on tonight - drive to annapolis not bad  drive back home took me back to my childhood  weeeeeeeee - slip and slide civic style - but no boom 
there is no road   
there are no cars   
"go saints! the onside kick was priceless, but now a 2 point conversion    sweet "
who knew ice age was a prophetic movie?
<propfirst> - you and i are going back to anguilla and looking for work  just as soon as the airports reopen    i'll risk the hurricanes! - now taking applications for roommates   
"sorry bout no ting <propfemale> - <propfirst> just told me about the store outside d c , just so you know who to blame!"
the ipad   1 step down from the ibra
"greatest horror movie i've seen in awhile - \jesus camp\""  christians everywhere beware who is teaching your kids - it could be these people """
no incumbents without term limits!
"notice to weatherman - no more precipitation - liguid or solid - in <propfemale>, please "
"engineers help advance technology  teachers help make people smarter  mechanics help make cars better  scientists help us understand the world we live in  doctors help make people better  you know - i dislike weathermen who never make the weather better, politicians who never help anyone but themselves & journalists who just never help "
boycott mexico - their cops will plant drugs on you when you are drunk and then make you pay a bribe to not go to jail  mexican cops like bribes - the drug cartel's bribe the cops so they can kill people in broad daylight  when the drug cartels own the cops it is open season on tourists with money to be extorted 
decisions decisions
does not like needles
wants to go see the <propfemale> blossoms
will be out late working tomorrow - case delayed from 1pm start to 5pm start - all my fault too - i suggested having 2 surgeons for a really messed up shoulder - motorcycles : supporting medical sales people everywhere 
wants to know what is hypochondrial dna?
has just discovered pastafarians
is loving being back in blacksburg
just finished watching district 9 again
loves the fact one brother has a dog named <propmale> & another has a dog named bear
"is exhausted  an ulna shortening, clavicle and surprise last minute rush between hospital & office & back for a smashed elbow makes for a twelve hour day "
"is in lake placid, new york"
had some amazing scallops and enjoyed chatting with my cousins and the rest of the extended family 
escaped the giant mutant alligator's clutches just in the <propmale> of time 
is about to do in some particularly annoying brain cells with some delicious delicious alcohol
mmmm   chocolate milk 
just got remind<propmale> why kids should take sex <propmale> in school - highly religious parents that shelter or homeschool your children beware - you too could end up with a grandchild nam<propmale> - placenta !
studying - dinner - studying
patellar reflex & hormones  anatomy & physiology one almost over - next week anatomy & physiology two 
anatomy & physiology completed - part 2 of 4 credits in 5 weeks starts monday    where is the alcohol?
"is taking over the world - taking requests now, apply below "
wants a cookie
can has cheezeburger?
is glad to still have three brothers    people please remember to pay attention to stop signs and not park your suv's on top of other vehicles 
is very thankful to have an organized professor this time around
needs more portals
is hunting a bronze dragon - and when i find him   
"thinks that when you give the government the right to legislate and impose your beliefs on others, you lose the right to object when the other extreme does the same    vote problem solving moderates in and fire the crazies already  bad tactics are bad tactics no matter which nut is using them "
really wants <propmale> to start already
is done with second summer class and now waits for fall semester    and for <propfirst> to make up his dang mind   atlanta or anguilla   atlanta or anguilla   
has decided for <propfirst> - we are going to anguilla  now he just needs to decide where we are staying  playful 
"wants a modern day boycott to reign in the banks - find credit unions to join - transfer all bank accounts to those credit unions and get credit cards from them or go to cash if your cards add annual fees or other creative ways to rip you off \\customers ditching them equals better business ethics to get those customers back - not that i would go back - credit unions are just better "
mmmmm- sushi
anyone else want to learn to scuba dive?
wants an ice cream sandwich
wants a brother who actually buys ice cream sandwiches
"'s mother always told their that if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all   too bad i was never any good at listening to my mom   "
"i've always had a hard time getting up when it's dark outside \ but in space, it's always dark \ [morosely] i know  i know "
"we are dreamers, shapers, singers, and makers  we study the mysteries of laser and circuit, <propfemale> and scanner, holographic demons and invocation of equations  these are the tools we employ, and we know many things "
"every day, here and at home, we are warned about the enemy  but who is the enemy? is it the alien? well, we are all alien to one another  is it the one who believes differently than we do? no, oh no, my friends  the enemy is fear  the enemy is ignorance  the enemy is the one who tells you that you must hate that which is different  because, in the end, that hate will turn on you  and that same hate will destroy you "
"is back from atlanta, <propfemale> and now has to drive from blacksburg, va to columbia"
responsible journalism - the new oxymoron
wants to see what a rally to restore sanity looks like
wants a mint chocolate chip cookie
"fever, exhaustion and ickiness and some neighbor has decided to use up the last of their fireworks - anyone with spare energy and homicidal tendencies wanna come <propfemale> out on my street?"
says welcome to the facebook holdout that finally joined  playful 
wants to know what happened to fall   hot - hot - hot - freezing! fall is supposed to be three months not two weeks   
it is all about covalent bonds baby
beer beer beer beer beer
how amazing acupuncture is - better then drugs!
misses <propmale>
is watching a hot man make chili - mmm mmm good
"drove back from blacksburg, got together with the whole family and now off again to study for school   "
blah blah blah
10 30 10
darker than black
1996 vs  2010 microbiology is much more boring the second time around   
deer park or dasani?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes
just one more test left this round
"\we live in hard times - not end times\"""""
"is in indiana, <propfemale>"
happy thanksgiving & beware black friday
i am alive   
woohoo - no shoveling for me  smile 
"interesting dilemma - if one set of bigoted nuts killed the other bigoted nuts at westboro baptist church, would the survivors protest at their members funerals? and where would we fit all the \karmas a bitch\"" signs?"""
best text message ever - no phones - <propfirst> in pennsylvania gets on wow and tells will in <propfemale> to go to my house and tell me to contact him already and therefore - facebook   
happy for egypt
"if you've never changed your mind about anything in your life, pinch yourself - you may be dead "
wondering - what restaurant has the best pizza in columbia?
how delicious would general tso's or sesame chicken pizza be?
mmmmm   blanchard's goat cheese dip   
"sees sushi, mandatory nurse school meeting and a long drive to goat cheese dip in my future"
"for the first time in 176,000 <propmale> i had to have my baby towed   soooo sad   i almost cried - until the giggles took over    who the hell ever has to tow a car for a broken windshield wiper motor?!?!?!?!?!"
"stethoscope, penlight, bandage scissors, <propfirst> clamp, retarded white shoes? check  next up - drug test, criminal background check, double ppd, and whatever else i am forgetting   now for some wow"
sooooo   any bets on osama bin laden's first words after death?
sushi
now has a key so her dad can't lock her out when she wants to come visit the cats at 1am - ha! i win 
contemplating the consequences of mowing the lawn without picking up all the sticks in the yard   dang trees littering up my yard
