944c1ce77e9b7c3dfeb6d4c7f79705a6
just got engaged last saturday (6 20)  smile 
"i found out that im gonna have a baby   due date is april 1, 2010!"
new pictures of <propmale> <propfirst> <propfemale>!!!
i love waking up to someone talking my ear off and they can't even say a word  love 
lowe's = suck!    me = exhausted  sad 
"sleeping, playing with my baby when he wakes me up  smile  then work 2-10  sad "
"working 4-11, then finally four days off!!!"
"taking <propmale> to meet his cousin, then going to see dinner for schmucks with my love!  love "
dinner for schmucks was perhaps the most hilarious movie i have seen in a very long time  smile  i  love  <propmale> carell
work 4-10   again  i  heart-broken  lowes 
"sleeping, playing with <propmale> when i wake up, getting ready for work, taking <propmale> to see his grandma for her birthday, then work 6-10 "
"exhausted from work  <propmale>'s exhausted from partying at grandma's  i get to work at 7am and he gets to    well, be a baby and sleep whenever he wants  i'm so jealous   "
trying not to procrastinate  eating some corn flakes and then working on homework for a couple hours before bed! hopefully i'm not woken up a million times tonight  annoyed 
"taking care of a baby + working on homework = nothing getting done for school\\ this is going to be a very long semester o o"
ahh why do babies like to wake up at 7 surprise 0am???
suddenly exhausted  sleeping until <propmale> decides to wake me up with his silly talk that i cannot understand  love 
"shower, picking my love up from work, grocery store, and then getting my hair cut!!  love  love "
school  annoyed 
working on homework at 10 surprise 0 on a saturday night  and what would i rather be doing?     sleeping! what happened to doing fun stuff? lol
omg transferring pictures from my old phone sucks!
wow if anything else could fucking go wrong    
ahh peace and quiet   i guess making the baby think that the vacuum will eat him unless he calms down and takes a nap really works   
super bored  <propmale> is sleeping  no one to play with  *sigh*
*sigh* when will the homework end???
fuck homework! i am going to sleep   will just have to teach <propmale> about computer systems and business management tomorrow  
"getting ready, work 4-10  heart-broken  can't i just stay home and sleep??"
"turned in my homework with 1 minute to spare   sleeping  probably getting up around 7 cause trentasaurus likes to get up early, and then i'm gonna start packing  smile "
construction zones on rt 2 suck  annoyed 
packing! cause i'm moving! yay!
anyone know of any cat groomers that will cut a long hair cat for less than $50???
"getting ready, work 4-10, home to pack some stuff, then sleeping  love "
"getting ready, work 4-10, home to sleep, then working again 7-2!  heart-broken "
i  love  supernatural
exhausted  i'm going to just crawl under a rock and die   just for a little bit though lol 
working on some homework packing playing with <propmale>  love 
"what the stuff?! \\putting trentasaurus to bed   eating a salami sandwich and cheez-its   packing some more   sleep  love "
"\you son of a blee-blob!!!\"""""
getting ready    working 4-10    packing up the rest of the apartment    gonna start moving tomorrow!!!  love  love 
"just got home, exhausted from moving heavy shit all day  and i forgot my ear plugs so now i have to listen to snoring all night  sad "
i am exhausted  did not accomplish anything today  going to bed  sad 
finally done moving to the new apartment  now i just have to unpack everything    i am never moving again!  annoyed 
trents cutting his first tooth  smile 
my car is a pos 
omgosh i hate wisdom teeth  annoyed  can anything else suck before the day ends??
\and if i'm addicted to loving you\,944c1ce77e9b7c3dfeb6d4c7f79705a6,it was funny that the old guy that lives below me was blaring rap music while he cleaned his car   but now im just irritated because <propmale> needs to take his nap
i  heart-broken  tension headaches   
sleep   work 8-5   homeworkkk!
*sigh* i am not going to sleep well tonight   <propmale> is sleeping in his own room like a big boy  sad 
"yeah, so <propmale>'s sleeping in mommy's room  smile  i'm not ready yet lol"
sleeping! don't have work or school tomorrow!!  love  love 
"cleaning unpacking, washing laundry at mom's' then who knows"
i can't sleep  annoyed 
ugh tired crying baby + sick tired mommy = crap 
"sleeping, then working at 7 smile 0am    if i could, i would go into hibernation because that's how exhausted i am  heart-broken "
so <propmale> wore his dinosaur costume to go pumpkin picking today  and then he cried because i took it off of him  smile 
sleep  love   love 
"watching pawn stars, then getting ready to go to the midnight release of fallout: vegas with my love  smile "
grrr i can't figure out how to turn on this stupid heater!
take a nap or <propfemale> up pictures   ?
yeah one pint of blood in exchange for a chipotle burrito is definitly worth it  smile 
i  heart-broken  school 
"it's mom week, post the date & time when you became a mom \\<propmale> <propfirst> 04-09-10 @ 8:29a m   love  love "
yay got to sleep in til almost 9 smile 0!! i love my fiance  love 
stupid ebay    going to sleep
shower getting ready work 4-10
is wearing angry upset sad pants 
"watching supernatural with my love, sleeping, working at 7am!!  love "
"angry pants, check!  heart-broken "
taking two tests and working on a buttload of homework    school = lameness
"ahhh fuck homework for keeping me away from my nice, warm bed!"
"getting ready, trying to waste some time, fable iii midnight release!!!  smile "
playing fable when i should be sleeping  love 
"getting ready, work from 4-10  annoyed  wish i could just stay home!"
playing some fable then sleeping  smile 
school :[
doing a flip into the air and landing on a guys shoulders just to snap his neck with my thighs is why i  love  fable  smile 
"mom's house, then up to the costume contest and the parade, then taking <propmale> and <propmale> trick-or-treating!!  love "
just realized how old i am getting when i don't recognize anyone in the marching band anymore lol
had a great halloween! now back to school and work :[
"extremely tired  washing dishes, making something to eat, working on homework, skipping class?"
feels like poo! working on my buttload of homework  hopefully i can go to sleep before midnight!
"finally finished this dumb ass report for my business management class, and it won't let me submit it online because i am 17 minutes late  fuck  school  sleeping "
my hands hurt  doing homework  hoping to sleep soon 
so apparently =4*$c$15*b4^2 is the proper formula for calculating the surface area of mercury on my microsoft excel homework  wtf?! i need to go to bed   
feeling sick  sad  snuggling up in my warm blankets and taking a trip to dreamland  smile 
"doing dishes, showering, picking up my love from work!  love "
"homework, then possibly some fable??  smile "
"mmmm homemade hot chocolate, adventure time, and homework  love "
"watching tv and waiting for <propmale> to wake up, picking up black ops for my love, then work 4-10  sad "
"happy veteran's day! thanks to the brave men and women who have served and are serving our country now, especially my brothers, <propmale> and <propfirst>, and my dad  love "
fable then sleep  love 
"*sigh* stressed, tired, need to sleep so i can get up bright and early to work at 8am "
yeah so a 45 minute nap turned into almost two and a half hours  eating a pb&j and going back to sleep 
trying to motivate myself to do homework    uber lame 
"hot bubble bath, then bedtime  love "
just got home  working 6 smile 0-3 surprise 0  yay!
"exhausted  going to sleep soon  work in the morning, then homework  sad "
trying to motivate myself to do my homework  then sleep because i am exhausted 
this has been a terrible morning > sad 
"happy turkey day!! making a double-layer pumpkin cheesecake  smile  playing with <propmale>, getting ready, then to mom's for dinner!!  love   love "
"working 4-10, home to sleep, then working 7-4!"
today has sucked royally  trying to get this homework done real fast and then going to bed 
ugh tension headache and angry pants   i need to go back to bed   
i feel horrible 
bed  doctors appointment in the morning 
"<propmale> crawling toward me in the kitchen crying because i am \taking to long\"" to make breakfast made my morning  smile  but i'm sure it will get old real quick lol"""
ahh one final done    now home to work on homework before bed 
"i should be writing a report for my business class, but i am tired and feel like crap so i will just say fuck you and goodnight  love "
this snow is awesome!!  laugh 
"half assing my way through this business report, hopefully in bed by midnight, working 7-2  smile "
have to be up in 4 and a half hours and i'm not even tired  sad 
"taking <propmale> to grandma's house, then going to see <propmale> potter with my love  love "
"omgosh 3 exams  down, 1 to go    kill me "
"hellz yeah, done with all my finals  smile  going to bed! selling my books back in the morning!!"
putting up the christmas tree and watching supernatural  smile 
"ahhhh finally done washing dishes!  smile  taking a shower, getting ready, running errands, picking my love up from work, then working 4-10!"
going to moms house to put up the christmas tree!  love 
"ahhhh finally home! and now that my hands and arms hurt from fake pine tree branches, i am off to bed!  smile "
working 4-10  i am exhausteddd!
"exhausted!! sleeping, working at 7a m  can't wait to hear 50 kids banging hammers all at the same time  annoyed "
watching last week's episode of the walking dead then sleeping  working 8-2 in the morning  smile 
danger days = awesomeness  smile 
long ass day! finally going to sleep  annoyed 
sleeping  working 7-4  last build&grow clinic for this silly christmas train!!
"long day, super tired  sleeping then working 8-5!"
making christmas cookies at mom's house!  smile 
finally done baking cookies  now i am going to try to get some sleep  smile 
"yay! done wrapping presents (that i have), now to get ready, working 4-10, more christmas shopping (kill me, please) "
yeah this whole christmas shopping at 11 surprise 0pm is a horrible idea  especially when i have no clue what to get for someone to give to someone else  ahhh!
off to the grandmas' houses for christmas <propfemale>!!  smile 
"yay! now all the presents are wrapped! eating <propfemale>'s christmas cookies, then going to bed  smile "
"<propfemale> christmas!!! this has been, by far, the best christmas ever!  smile "
had a great christmas! now the living room is all cleaned up and my 4 1 2 ft tree has already been put away!    was it too soon   ?
"getting ready, <propfemale> garden with my love, then work  smile "
work 4-10  laaame 
"? if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world      who isn't perfect, but perfect for you     who works hard and would do anything for you     who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, and who you could not live without      then post this as your status ?"
