91046b3abebb94fddbf7c800cdfacdef
who needs to get drunk and have a huge party on new years <propfemale> to have a good time? to prove  my point me and <propmale> danced out side like idiots for the first 20 mins of 2010  epic you might ask? and the answer is yes 
its 10 outside and im wearing a t-shirt? somthing is very wrong with me 
"super nintendo, sega <propfemale> when i was dead broke, man i couldn't picture this 50 inch screen, money green leather sofa got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur phone <propmale> about two g's flat no need to worry, my accountant handles that and my whole crew is loungin' celebratin' every day, no more public housin' thinkin' back on my one-room shack now my mom pimps a ac' with minks on her back"
just got done with my morning workout! im not doing anything for the rest of the day
im i the only person that likes the cold 
i wish i had money 
i have a facebook? haha
got accepted to state!
just balls 
im bored lets go do something people!
and mills a party man? i thnk not
pretty epic last couple of weeks meet some great new friends!
"day number two people (today, i pulled over to help an attractive girl on the highway in the middle of nowhere  when i asked if she needed help she told me she was going to try starting her car one more time  she then started to make fake engine noises and told me that she was good to go and that i should be on my way  fml)"
defin <propmale> mills in one word?                 it would have to be   epic 
"i missed yesterdays fml so we will do two today? 3 today, i sneezed in the shower  when i got out, i got a text from my creepy old neighbor saying \bless you\""  fml"""
does anyone know who the hell <propfemale> myers is?
the roads suck  but it is fun sliding all over the place if you ask me 
i don't think it gets much more fun than doing donuts in a astro <propfirst> 
<propfemale> murphy died yesterday? that sucks 
<propfemale> christmas! but why does it have to be at 6 o'clock in the morning people?
got aids?
looking for a job sucks!!! i need that cash flow people 
syfy came out with a new series called the midnight meat train  sounds like a bad porno name to me 
new pics people  comment away!
fuck new years
nothing like working on getting my g e d
10 down 40 to go people!
dose anyone know where i can watch house m d online for free?
house is like crack  you watch one episode and say to yourself you should prob go do something and then next thing you know 10 hours have past and you don't know where the time went 
i hate the dentist  the only cool thing is half of my face is numb  but i was eating and bit a hole through my lip  everything cool somehow leads to pain i dont get it 
fml? i think so
going to put a job app in  cross your fingers people!
i think i got called gay by a gay guy today? i was confused
my absolute favorite weather of all time is rain  love love love it 
i have one word for the last 6 months of my life  and the word is   fuck 
my head feels like it is going to e playful lode!!!!
i think i'm addicted to working out  i mean i only go 6 days a week  haha
why do people like this fag? hes like 12!  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed xusavw3mvk&feature=fvw
i might be a lot things but egotistical i am not 
going to play pool tonight
we are going to all get raped with 9 inches of snow 
fml?
my sinuses are messed up  it feels like im being stabbed in the back of my eye  and not to mention the headache ive had for 3 days straight 
the womans canadian hockey team is getting there gold medals taken away and given to the u s because of the way the canadians celebrated there win last night  thats just proves how stupid they are  go u s!
im hungry
"well my mom is in the hospital with pneumonia, plus cancer  how shitty is that?"
u s a!!! canada sucks
fuck 
these next 7 days are going to suck!!!!!
really needs someone to talk to  annoyed 
wings game tonight
i just got done with my 18 hole discgolf sesh and it was cold  and now i have a cough  its kinda gay
its so nice out today  i think discgolf is a good idea 
got my new drivers licence today  its 10 o'clock my mail comes at 4 smile 0  im slightly confused 
just got done playing hudson mills  played the 24 shorts and shot 10 over  so not to bad i guess
i guess not everyone can have there own 18 hole disc golf course in there back yard  ha
its raining!!!!!!!!!! spring here we come baby
"o brother, where <propmale> thou, is on  i need someone to give me a good back rub"
"shitty day  try to throw some discs, way to <propfemale> sooo i sat around alllll day "
"going scuba diving with queenan tomorrow, after going on a boat with <propfirst> and payton"
hangin out with <propfirst> tomorrow  and possible epic brighton trip? the world may never know 
made 20 bucks working for grandma curry today!
i keep pimpin to get in the bitch panties!
wow ive had about enough of this shit 
i hit a deer  it was soooo cool!!!
"great fucking day today  discgolf,work, more discgolf  oh and i finally got my fucking house!"
work tomorrow at 6! hyped
<propfemale> fucking believable
work work work  then hangin out with the girly friend
work tomorrow at 11
going to the secretary of state tomorrow then getting couch for me and queenans new house and then scuba diving and then work at 6 
off to work
i fucking hate morning!
eat lunch then going to skate <propfemale> arbor and then work at 6
does anyone want to buy an ipod nano 8g with camera? 50 bucks sounds good
wtf mate?
work at 6  then idk what im doing
work at 9 surprise 0 a m  tomorrow
hey everybody im looking for a roommate  300 a month plus utilities  its 1600 square feet with 5 beedrooms  <propfemale> hit me up asap
"i am the master of the c l i t! i am the c l i t commander! remember that, commander of all c l i t s! when it comes down to business, this is what i do  i pinch it like this  ooh you little fuck  then i rub my nose with it   hahahahhaa"
got fucked at work today  was going to work a 6 hour shit and only worked 2  get your shit together bennigans 
blah blah blah blah
17 days till i get my house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i found a teck deck under my bed today  haha
hey everybody im selling my nike sb's i have 4 pairs i can sell so hit me up if you're  interested i'll sell them for cheep! hit me up 
"why is everybody today like waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :,[ i dont want to read your life story"
work at 8 going to skate till then  call me 
hp sesh till work 
new picture
way to be a bitch
getting a new rib tattoo tomorrow  <propfemale> hyped!
started work at my new job today  come out and see me 
ahhhhilovemyself smile 
got the new house if you want to come over tonight hit me 1810-599-2164 
its hot as balls out  im going to go skate 
who wants to hangout tomorrow?
ditched twice in two days  thank you!
new phone 15172929016 text me i need <propfirst>
payton and <propfirst> are coming over woo!!
im so over sanding!!
anyone that has a rebal flag should die 
i have the day off today! text me if you wanna hangout  517-292-9016
painting my house all day today then i get to go to work at 7  funnnn
jessies eting subwy in my ear
"made a sick fucking fire pit today, it took me 4 hours  but guess what i have to move it because my grandpa dosent want to work around it, fucking great  and i smashed my finger"
my bonfires not cool enough for you?!! i might cry
bonfire at my house tomorrow  text me for info 1517-292-9016
nevermind bonfires a nooo go
god why do people stess them selfs over the little stuff in life?
cillin at the fire you can join if you like  5172929016
me and <propmale> played fire fighter yesterday  it was kinda scary haha
dear <propfirst> and payton come over tonight!!
sellingg raspberrys  then bonfire 
"had a great day, till i got the news that i always feared was coming "
it always amazes how people go back to there old ways when they now it didnt fucking work the first time 
on a hour break from work  its raining like and i park in the very back of the parking lot  looks like im getting wet  haha
crazy night  but good too
shitty day so far  maybe some gta will make it better  text  5172929016
paint!!!
at <propfemale> arbor hospital with my mom  sad 
karas is over!!
party tonight!
finally getting  my sleeve done!! so hyped!!!!!!!
i dont know what to do today 
i fucking love busch!!! hahahahaha!
so fucking pissed right now! i wanna fight someone
shitty day  i love it cause it started to get good and then my <propfirst> takes a huge shit right on my chest!!!fuck this!
fuck!!!!!!!!
i feel like straight up death  my phone is broken and i have to work at 2
chillin at bennigans till <propmale> gets of work then <propmale> park
me and <propmale> just got done working on our party barn  it looks fucking sweet! caant wait ttill thursday!!!!!!
i was just sitting at my camp fire and ik herd a screeching  noise so me <propmale> and dhammell looked at the road and there was this suv all over the road and they took out my mail box wtf hahaha
shower the 45 <propfemale> drive work till 8 then         dance of!! not really though it would be fun!
i totally just got a job working for chacha!!!
"so i was standing out side uptown coffee house today, and i herd to like 11 year olds talking about having sex with people  like what the hell is wrong with this world?"
a great day! not!! thanks to <propmale> im fucking sick and i cant even eat anything! fuck off
i think i need more tattoos 
i want a 3d tattoo
is it bad that the more tattoos i get the more i want? haha
save the <propfemale> <propfemale>'s? i think yes 
so the sound system i want in my <propfirst> is going to cost me almost 900 bucks haha
am i th only one that thinks the old navy commercials are weird?
my arm has been twitching all day!! why?
i hate my life right now!!!!!!!!!!!! i just need to go skate
anyone wanna buy a 40 inch magnavox hdtv? i was thinking $350  or best offer 
does anyone have a drum set that they would trade for a tv?
i  love  v-8 fruit juice
just fond my fav young jezzy album ever! the inspiration baby!!!
ho new selling a car could be so hard
what is there to do tonight?
its finally snowing!!!!!! good start to the day if you ask me
almost died atlest a half a dozen times while driving to work today  granted its like a 15 <propfemale> drive but thats beside the point  i almost died people! haha
got my job back at outback today! and now the fun begins 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis(oh it a real word)
ok so i need something to do tonight! hit me up  517-292-9016
i declare sunday as new trick day 
full lunar eclipse tonight! the <propfemale> is supposed to turn red!!! trippy
you know what sucks is christmas is nothing in my family becasue we alwasy do everything befor and now im stuck with nothing to do all day!
idk if anyone else did this or saw the 7 fire trucks flying down oak grove but me being me i had to follow  them and it was so worth it 
well worth it ha
i have a very good feeling it going to be a fairly epic night
i love how i try to do somthing really nice for someone i really care about it all blows up in my face! last time i ever tell anyone anything 
last day of 2010  and i just g+ot of work soooo i get to go to sleep and wake up and go back to work till about the same time happy new year haha
have tomorrow off gotta wake up at 8 to through wood in the basement!! you have no idea 
ok so i pretty much feel like i should take 2011 with heist and get everything ive always wanted
"mills: i think we should be spy's \queenan: yes! we would make great spys \mills: because we are both stealthy! \queenan: and very tall and hansom!!! \mills: do you know the first rule of spying? \queenan:          tall and hansom?\mills: we would suck as spy's\queenan: yeah pretty much \\that just went down hahaha"
i just answered my house phone like this (thank you for calling outback steakhouse in brighton thins is <propfirst> how can i help you? ) im turning into my mother hahahaha
you know you have a great job when you can go to work very angry and leeave in a great mood 
getting a new rib tattoo today  then work at 5! haha
"relationships should never be taken seriously  oh were dating! cool i don't give a fuck  all that ever happens is they slowly start to weezil  there way in to everything you do  and the next thing you know your pussy whipped  just listen to your homie for once lift up your skirt grab your balls and move on! be a real nigga\we made a pack  bros before hoes nigga!\love nigga mills"
"work tonight at 7  it is a monday but knowing outback we will prob be on like a 1 hr wait all night  but tomorrow off, and then wednesday moving back into my house!!!!! party? maybe , hahaha"
i love having my own house
hey i dont work today! (lame)  i have this huge house to myself (even more lame) anyone wanna chill? 517-292-9016 text me or call me! do something im going crazy here people
