c1847a4af95aaac8851ba4b844f7555d
is sad that he must soon change his pic back to normal tomorrow   but totally psyched about tonight!!! happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is a little bit sick   but is still happy that he had such a great weekend!
wants everyone to wish him luck  don't ask why   just do it!!!
is getting his motorcycle license today!!!
"i'm now finally able to legally drive my badass scooter, and it's raining   wtf?"
is super excited for knights action park next week!!!
can't wait for this weekend!!! nights action park   here i come!
is painting like a mo-fo!
ad one hell of a night at the blink 182 concert!!!
might have some recuperating to do from last night   
had a great time last night at his party   success!
is wondering if his computer should be making that sound    me thinks not   
is trying to find waldo   where the hell could he be?
wants illinois to stop sucking    = (
was bummed about the game last night   but the night was totally redeemed when the neighbors threw a flaming chair off the fourth story balcony   priceless   
"hopes he gets over this cold, so that he can go to his cake decorating class this friday   "
invites everyone to his 21st birthday party next saturday!!!
can't wait for cake decorating tonight 6-8
has had a couple of long nights   takin' it easy tonight  interview tomorrow   wish me luck!
is gettin' ready for his interview!
is rockin' his freakin' face off   
is pretty sure that it's time to watch tv and fall asleep   
is super duper excited about his birthday this weekend!
"did awesome on his first interview, and is now heading back for the second interview at 3  wish him luck   again!"
just got the job   wooohooo!!! and now   this weekend is for celebrating   
just tanned for the first time ever   it wasn't as exciting as he hoped it would be   
"is getting ready for his birthday party tonight  if you wanna come, give him a call (217) 412-8942  it's gonna be epic  smile "
is so freakin' excited about his birfday!!!
had the most epic birthday party of all time last night!!!
"had a great weekend, but now it's time for work   ughhh"
is ready for a nap   
had a great night last night    and can't wait to do it again!  smile 
just got off work   and can't wait to do nothing!  smile 
just saw an amazing cover band tonight   and has absolutely no voice left   the way it should be!
is on a mission to pay rent money by 5pm   wish me luck!
"wishes <propfirst> a happy birthday, and hope he enjoyed his party last night   i know i did!"
is thinking about what he's going to do tonight   
haha   420   
"is having a pretty good week so far  work is going well, piano man was fun, and i got a wedding this weekend   smile "
"got in his first scooter accident  he lost a turn signal and a rear light, sustained a bruised right butt cheek, but was luckily able to walk away from it   everyfin is okay   smile "
is gonna take it easy tonight  maybe watch a movie and just relax   smile 
is wondering how advanced civilizations would be if we didn't require so much fuggin' sleep   
is so glad he found a ride to work   awww yeah!!! no busses today!  smile 
"just realized that he parties much more than he once thought   (pianoman tuesdays, beer pong thursdays, and then of course friday and saturday are just   well, friday and saturday)"
can't wait for the v-ball game tonight! pack the place!!!
is having a great week so far  thanks to all my friends and co-workers that make my life better than yours   
is really really late for work   but has to wait for his jeans in the dryer   ughhh fml
had an amazing night last night    oh my god  and now can't wait for tonight! happy halloweenies!!!
had such a great weekend  thanks to everyone that made it the best halloween ever!!!
is wakin' up early tomorrow to go donate some plasma! $50 here i come!
just found out that all the homeless people and crackheads show up first to donate plasma   and the legit poeples like me haz to wait another day     sad 
had a long day at work today   and would like very much to chilax tonight   
"loves pianoman   but more importantly, his amazing friends! i love you guys!!!"
is totally psyched that his dad just stopped by to give him his very own alcohol breathalizer!!!
"loves his family, his job, and his friends more than anything in the whole world   i wouldn't trade any of you for the world!"
can't wait for thanksgiving   but isn't excited to work on black friday   let's just hope no one get's trampled to death this year   
is happy despite all the stress   smile 
"had a great day off, but now it's back to work! good luck on your exams everybody!!!"
"still calls his mom \mommy\"" and is proud of that fact!  smile  i love you mommy!"""
is so lucky to have such awesome co-workers! i love you guys!
wishes everyone a happy christmas <propfemale>!!!
p s    shout out to anyone who might have gone to the er last night! i heart you whole bunches!
wishes everyone a <propfemale> christmas!!!
has the best friends and co-workers in the world!!!
is awesome   
had the best weekend ever!!!
"\everyone from atwood is a slut!\"""""
needs this day off today   
could use a nap   
has several days off next week  would anyone like to do something?
who wants to do something tomorrow?
loves his friends and family so much! you guys mean the world to me xoxo's
thought of the coolest and bestest and most awesome 21st birthday cake to make for charly   it's gonna be epic!
just finished the second batch of cakes for charly's birthday   mmmmmm smells good!
is waiting for the last batch of cakes to get out of the oven so that he can finally start the decorations! mwahahahahhah
enjoyed one of the best birthday parties ever last night!!!
is wondering if anyone got a really good picture of that cake   ?
is baking a <propfirst>'s day cake  smile 
wants a hug 
wishes everyone a happy <propfirst>'s day!
had a wonderful night getting to know someone new  smile 
is happy that things are going so well in life  smile 
unofficial!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
wants to thank everyone for making this the greatest unofficial ever!!!  xoxo
is going frolfing the third time this week  oh god   i love my life!
had a great night with great friends  i love you guys!
has work   then bpt!  smile 
is thinkin about his future   hrmmm do i wanna be an astronaut or a monster truck driver?
is so effin' jacked and tan right now! arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is gonna rock some bp tonight!
is thinking about someone right now   and i think she knows who she is!  smile 
"hey everyone   i leave for texas on monday, so if you're free sat night please come to my going away party! txt me for details (217-412-8942)"
"is safely in <propfirst> texas   whew, thanks grayhound!"
misses his baby   
has had tacos at least three times this week   and is still not tired of them  thank god they're cheap and delicious  i gotta give it to those hispanics   they sure do make good food   
misses his cute <propfemale> store girl   
has four days until he officially becomes     a guinnea pig!
loves his mommy very very much! happy mother's day!!!
may or may not be returning to il with an extra limb    hooray for modern science!!!
will be $3200 richer in 15 days  god bless human guinnea pigs  smile 
"wow   13 blood draws in one day, my poor little veins are crying   "
is totally lookin forward to the summer being over so he can play d&d with his roomies    and grace   if she wants to   or anyone else   as long as it's not <propfirst> peters
can't wait to see his cute <propfemale> store girl again!!!
is pretty much awesome   at everything   all the time   
offers his condolences to the cowley family 
is so excited that he gets to see his two favorite ladies next month!!!
is *super duper* excited that he gets to see his two favorite ladies    ha suck it!
is counting the days till his cute <propfemale> store girl comes to visit!!!
"totally watched \cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs\"" last nigh by himself   and it was awesome!!!"""
five    count 'em   five days till i see my cute <propfemale> store girl!!
2 days till grace leaves   and 3 days till i can hold her  smile 
"well   by the time i wake up tomorrow, my cute <propfemale> store girl will be entering texas!!! and by 10:42am she'll be in my arms     eeeek i'm so excited!!!"
"i have been reunited with my cute <propfemale> store girl, and thus begins the greatest vacation ever!!!"
"just had the most amazing week ever with his cute <propfemale> store girl  we e playful erienced a little bit of mexican-american culture, watched the sun set over a lake from 350 ft  while sipping a pina colada, took a midnight stroll down the beach in the moonlight while camping along the gulf of mexico on padre island    best vacation ever!!!"
really misses his guitar    *sad face*
"picks   \ \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh toq25vbkso\\for the song of the day"
fainting goats montage!!!
"misses his cute coffee shop girl, and is very excited for his bruver joshy!!!"
is very very happy  smile 
"is back in chambana, rockin' it up like no one's business!!! boooya!\\(flat-top tonight   woot woot!)"
"has had a wonderful week with his sweet coffee shop girl, friends, and family! i love you guys!\\(and to all my u of i friends   i can't freakin' wait for you guys to get back!!!)"
got pulled over last night and had to do a sobriety test   completely sober!
"totally watched \all dogs go to heaven\"" \",c1847a4af95aaac8851ba4b844f7555d,"has been singing \africa\"" all week long   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=acca5mpmp9a"""
"had a wonderful night with his cute coffee shop girl  and also, if anyone would like to come to flat-top on saturday afternoon for his birthday, he would enjoy anyone everyone's company  smile "
"birthday lunch at flat-top!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\\(om-nom nom x infinity)"
had a great day with everyone yesterday! thank you to everyone who came out for my b-day!
"enjoyed his birthday, and thanks everyone who wished him a happy one  smile "
"really wishes that <propfemale> zellweger would stop making movies, so he wouldn't feel like he needs to e playful lain why she shouldn't be making more movies   "
loves his sweet coffee shop girl more every day  smile 
had a super fantastic harroween with his cute coffee shop girl  smile 
", despite how much he absolutely hates country music   is stuper duperty psyched about having texas roadhouse for lunch today    yyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhaaaaaawwww!!!!!!"
is gonna have a super fantastic wonderful evening with his adorable coffee shop girl  smile 
is vurry vurry sick   and wishes he didn't need to <propfemale> a roll of toilett paper with him around the house   
"\sometimes when i start to feel sick   i just stop being sick and be awesome instead  true story \"" -<propmale> stinson"""
had the bestest christmas ever with his family and sweet coffee shop girl!
"is celebrating \laundry time!!!\"""""
"   dear wisdom tooth,\   i hate you  please hurry up and come in so i can eat solid food again   "
"dear people on unemployment, welfare, government aid, food stamps, section 8 housing, and all illegal (non-tax paying) immigrants            \\please work legitimate jobs and pay taxes so that i don't have to support you now and then have to worry about there being no more aid left when i'm in my 50's    \\sincerely, someone who cares what happens to this country "
"just glanced over and saw that over 600,000 people have \liked\"" 'big mommas: like father like son'   and was saddened   and disappointed in the direction <propfemale>'s going   """
"is sitting on an upside down trash can in the middle of a verizon store, making sure no one steals these shiny new iphones "
is very very tired   
is officially engaged to the girl of his dreams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just watched ep 1 season 5 of dexter   and holy cow  what a tear jerker   
"has a question for you   \\grilled cheese sammich or cheese toasty?\\soda or pop?\\potatoes or taters?"
is awesome 
had a fantastic night of sleep  smile 
tits!!!
thinks it's about time to go to bed   
