54108e8d006fbcebd06df1f8548cd2f2
is trying out his newly fixed laptop on his brand new lcd projector  yay!
dillydally shillyshally
"first <propfirst> <propmale>, and now <propfirst> mays?! what is happening?!"
"back from rockbridge! such a good week, minus the sunburn   playful "
watched braveheart for the first time today  great movie!  laugh 
is procrastinating on his psychological analysis   
can't believe there are only 2 days left of summer     sad 
cannot sleep   
had a cowboy crunch then found out the bridge is finally open! great day!  laugh 
why does facebook keep logging me off?!  playful 
working tonight     sad 
bored bored bored
is procrastinating with sleeping    someone text me?  laugh 
just downloaded somewhere around 500 techno songs    wow hahaha
just moved his projector from the basement to his room  finally playing live again    ah the happiness!
fumf!
doesn't feel too good   sad 
goin to d c  today!
's adrenaline is super pumpin!
"figures if he cared about pop culture and mainstream music, then he would care about kanye being a big ol' jerk    i just had to join in on the hate kanye i see goin around!"
watching always <propfemale> in philadelphia tonight! can't wait!
is thinking about cutting off most of his hair   
off to mcclure!
wonders why he goes to the pumpkin fest every year   
go phillies!
is excited for the australian pink <propmale> show tonight!
all along the eastern shore put your circuits in the sea this is what the world is for making electricity
australian pink <propmale> > the machine holy crap that was an amazing show!
"i'm a curse and i'm a sound,  when i open up my mouth,  there's a reason i don't win,  i don't know how to begin"
"just noticed that i have a facebook friend \cookie mc weaksauce \"" when did i accept this creature?! awesome name though   """
who all seen the leprechaun say yeah!
phillies wave: „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øºlet's go phillies!¤¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨let's go phillies¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø let's go phillies!º¤„ø¤º°let's go phillies!„ø¤º   °¨ ¨°º¤keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º - phillies wave: „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øºlet's go phillies!¤¤º°¨
is ridiculously pissed right now  failed my driver's test cuz the instructor was a moron 
should have his license right now  damn you old miserable instructor!
bounce fun plex is amazing!
"\we can dance if we want to  we can leave your friends behind  'cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance well they're no friends of mine\"""""
i love starting each year with the worst holiday and ending with the best holiday  makes christmas soooo much better!
"that's life, that's what all the people say \you're riding high in april,\shot down in may\but i know i'm gonna change that tune,\when i'm back on top, back on top in june "
"you put my picture in a box, it was the one inside your locket  what happened to the keys that used to jingle in your pocket?"
"who's this guy? mr  balloons  mr  balloon hands  no way, no way  get real "
"what a lame weekend  so much snow, and to make everything worse, my computer crashed  sad "
why do you keep changing facebook!?
valuable lesson learned today: never work at a popular restaurant on valentine's day!
official total count of decorums orders gavel-bangs last night issued by italy from 8-8:10     28  calm down dude
anyone else going to the university of pittsburgh next year? cuz i know of no one so far 
toy story 3 looks fantastic! my 19th birthday will be awesome!
off to breakaway! wooooooo!
is annoyed by the freakin fan pages that make you join and send a bunch of requests before you can see what it says   
i've got five fingers on each hand for every mistake that i've made
so clash of the titans was a pretty solid movie i guess  i see no reason why it's in 3d though  
"what i don't understand is    when you owe a bookie a lot of money, and he, say, blows off one of your toes, you still owe him the money  doesn't seem fair to me  especially when he's gonna kill me in four days anyway "
really really wish i didn't have to do a current event for econ  lame  sad 
off to penn state for the day!
finally done with my econ book report! only took 3 hours    what a waste
"oh econ, why must you give me so much unnecessary work???  annoyed "
isn't looking forward to the ap psych test on tuesday at all    haven't even looked at psych stuff in months  annoyed 
just saw the most epic jeep  looked like it had been in a bad accident and the exterior was replaced with different colored sheet metal  oh and there were no doors and some old dude with a huge beard driving  made my day
i admit that i'm just a fool for you  i'm just a fool for you   
stellar kart was pretty awesome!
just heard my dad whistling the hoverround music hahahaha
wrote most of my anchorman-themed graduation speech for css and finished my interning essay in like 5 minutes  woohoo! off to senior club!!!
"jaws clenched tight we talked all night, oh but what the hell did we say? the good times are killing me "
never thought he'd be sad to leave east penn   
feels weird now that high school is over   
"so if this mortal kombat movie trailer is real, then it's going to be amazing!"
"graduation: it didn't come soon enough, but now that it's here, it seems bittersweet  i'll miss ya east penn! never thought i'd say that  "
it was a good run class of 2010  i love you guys and i'll miss you a whole bunch 
uncle <propmale>'s corncob pipe!
"why is it that when you have a bag of starburst, that bag is pretty much filled with the crappiest flavor????"
wishes breaking <propmale> had a summer tour goin on now    i would love to see them 
i'm finally doin it    watching lord of the rings again tonight 
wow    i'm 19   
just finished watching the extended version of the first lord of the rings    it has 26 minutes of credits hahahaha
toy story 3 was amazing   
goldeneye is being remade for wii    oh man am i excited!!
just discovered an acoustic foo fighters version of blackbird 
phillies game was freaking awesome!!!!
im a gaybo
hates being sick   
cyanide and happiness iphone app = greatest app ever!
braveheart + shark week = <propfirst> and <propfemale>
college in 11 days  weird   
cya later harrisburg   
just found out pitt has a quidditch club and a humans vs zombies club  score!
four cop cars outside of my window arresting what i e playful ect to be a drunk driver at 2 am  they must have nothing better to do  i love pittsburgh hahaha
just witnessed pitt engineering students start a wave in pirates stadium that went around the stadium 3 whole times! hahahah it was awesome!
off to ohio!!
just beat ocarina of time!!!! such a good game
"what is this, a school for ants?!?!"
just rediscovered robot unicorn attack  my night is gone   
inception blew my mind   
neato burrito beats qdoba any day   
just witnessed my friend win a free cheese steak by completing a rubix cube in front of the shop's owner  it took him less than 2 minutes  it was awesome hahaha
stupid engineering essay    go away!
finally finished my paper! yay!!!!
chemistry exam tomorrow is gonna suck!
"as a college student, i have discovered the usefulness of a nap "
"only one exam lies between me and camp hill, pennsylvania!"
"dear physics exam,\\please don't hurt me too much \\love,\<propfirst>"
back to pittsburgh 
"why is it so freakin hot in pittsburgh?!?! \\p s   <propfirst> pilgrim is a fantastic movie "
"fog! fog! the fog machine, idiot! ass   "
just watched adventureland and zombieland as well as some ridiculously creepy flash animations  think salad fingers x100  i'd say my night was a success 
i hate calc homework!
"right when i'm most vulnerable, wolfram <propfemale>'s server decides to go down  damn!"
august burns red does a fantastic cover of toxic  
"dear calculus,\\i hate you  \\hate,\<propfirst>"
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh lose yankees lose!
battle royale is a crazy movie!
just heard a gun fight outside his window right down the street! holy crap!
time to get destroyed by this engineering paper   
techno makes everything better 
"dear shitty college writing instructors,\if you are going to give a poor grade on a paper, e playful lain why!\don't give me a few \awkward word choice\"" or \""repeating words\"" and then give me a 68  tell me what i did wrong! can't very well fix it if i don't know what i did wrong """
it's sad that <propmale> capa is my most visited website on google chrome   sad 
best engineering analysis class ever    40 minutes long 
11:11 make a wish! i wish no-shave-november would get here sooner!
"just had to sit through a 3 minute advertisement, on hulu, for what looks like the worst tv show ever  of course it's a reality show  it's called downsized and it's about a bankrupt family trying to be smart with money, but it's on tv so they're obviously not too poor anymore  will reality tv e playful loit anything? i think so  "
"obama: stop putting your shitty shitty advertisements on youtube and hulu  you're a terrible president, we know that  you're just looking more and more desperate as time goes on  nothing will stop your downward spiral  oh wait, you could be a good president  like that will ever happen  "
i know the world would be a better place if i woke up tomorrow and <propfemale> pelosi was no longer the speaker of the house 
"noooooooooo why does lil <propmale> have to be released from prison?! now i have to hear his terrible \music\"" non stop again and hear people talk about him """
<propfemale> mantooth is a saint!
"sign up for a free month of gamefly! never buy a bad game again  free shipping, and no late fees! http annoyed  gamefly tellapal com a clk rpncj"
why is my chat box on the left side of the screen???
today is just a terrible day 
"just saw the greatest thing ever from his window annoyed 4 people with a cardboard box (that looked like a truck) around them running down forbes  meanwhile, a woman is behind them beeping her horn like crazy and screaming at them  hahahahaha"
oh my god!!! we're having a fire   sale!!
that is not how chickens sound! they do not clap!
"you and me, we come from different worlds  you like to laugh at me when i look at other girls "
i'm finding it really hard to study physics
"i swear every time i listen to the album dear agony by breaking <propmale>, it just gets better and better "
physics exam just destroyed me 
cowboys and aliens looks like the coolest freakin movie!!! can't wait!
they're taking the hobbits to isengard!
i like turtles
i'm a sexy boy  wink 
"i think it's time we blow this scene\get everybody and the stuff together\ok?\3, 2, 1 annoyed let's jam"
i hate you so much trig integrals!
"hello calculus  hopefully we'll be good friends by the end of this weekend, but that's doubtful "
time for cowboy bebop? yes please!
"just went downtown and back an hour before physics, and still have time to make it to class  day siezed!"
totally just got afro picks for secret <propfemale>  good day 
someone left a baby! ignore me!
"elder scrolls 5 skyrim?!?! november 11, 2011?!?! \i can't wait!!!!"
"alright calculus, let's do this!"
"hello central pennsylvania, how are you? you've been missed "
been home for break for one day and it's already amazing  man i missed home   
<propfemale> christmas!
hello pittsburgh! how have ya been?
"so i just go at <propfemale> <propfemale> outfit and it is a little bit too small, do you think that anyone will care if my vag is showing?"
