4fd13462c01232aa1520f9dfa05a5616
just when you think you know someone they surprise the hell out of you?????????
i knew it was comin but not so soon  what am i going to do??
"made it thru the first day, how many more??"
there is only one thing that is ever on my mind or should i say one person     
new job!!! great hours!!!! good pay!!!! what more could you ask for??
i have to work tonight  boooooo but only til 8 then to the familys for fun & pictures ; )
"the economy is suffering bad when jobs are lost daily, gas is e playful ensive for no reason and the fireworks sucked!!!!!!!! ( compared to last year)"
good news for my love!!! hopefully he'll get the help he needs and then life will go according to me!!
"i hate being so busy and rushed , i hate moving , i hate breaking my word , and i hate feeling obligated      im just so stressed     aaaahhhhh"
i do love one thing    homemade apricot jelly
"so i got the wrong class at school and transferred to a new one but its one i took already and its hard     english   i know you're all laughing but lets see one person dissect a sentence, verb, subject, clause, predicate and so on       i feel so dumb  : ("
aaahhhh english is killing me!!!!!
"ah another day in english, what will in not learn today?? oh looking for a new place to live anyone know any places for rent on the e??"
"i  heard a fable once about he sun going on a journey to find its source, and how the <propfemale> wept without its lovers warm gaze          "
monday  monday baaadaaa baaddaaaa
i hate waiting for the cable guy        
should be doing homework        lalala-lalala-laaalaaalaaalaaaa
ok time to go do homework     english      no habla ingles       
its hump day!!!! half way done with this week  yay
f*#@ in cable guy better come today i waited all day last time 
just learned an awesome new trick on my computer firefox rocks         
i love school!!!!! but can't wait il im done to make that money 
school days     work nights          all of it blends together to make my life    yay me!!!! right???
today has already been a fab day about to get better   
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  and no one should be denied insurance for a pre-existing condition  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
trying to decide what i am going to do with all the free time i am going to have during the day      anyone have any good ideas???
finally rid of the black cloud in my life   i thank god he saw me through it  i thought he didnt but he did and now the sun shines again 
"5 years ago today, i buried my daddy         8:: sad "
i love jus hangin with my besty sippin on something refreshing in the middle of the day into the night        what a good day     
school again  i know some day im going to wake up and be done  hmmmmmm when is that day?
damn it trying to take the innnitiative and it fails      you can never fail if you never quit trying        
should be doing school work but         playing on facebook in funner 
tomorrow is the start of a new beginning!!!!! im so excited!!!!!!!! life just keeps getting better and better
yes!!!!!!!! got a new job yay!!!!!!!!  2 weeks here i go 
"somethings we don't talk about, rather do without      just hold a smile            "
what if?? just what if??
so i have class on logic in thinking  does anyone have any clue about this subject??? im a little lost      all the help would be great     
"good food, fabulous friends and apricot hefeweizen yummy!!!!!"
im soooo nervous  you would think having done this a couple times i would be a pro with no fear but deception is always scary           here i go 
"ima get you high today, cause it's friday, you aint got no job and aint got shit to do         nikka        "
so people's lives are so misfortunate and rather than rise above their misfortune they instill it upon the lives of their innocent children 
hmmmm what happens to the whistle blower at a new job?? 
"so it's saturday, it's snowing, and i have to write a huge paper for school  what a day  thank god i can escape to facebook           "
im addicted
gosh business law sucks a$$  i don't get this legal jargon!!!!!!!!!!
oooo eeeee ooooo aahhaahh ting tang  walla walla bing bang                yay!!!!!!
"i'll have to say, today was a good day           "
why cant some people just do what they say they're gonna do and why cant others just do what needs to be done  i cant wait to be done with school 
whats next????
why must my friends want to shop at the gateway  its soooooo cold 
guess i'll do some good ole homework for sociology  at least the business law homework is done that class sucks!!!
"ugh, i dont feel good          "
lmao got my little nephew hooked on facebook        too funny 
oooooo its almost christmas!!!!!!!! cant wait to see my baby's face when she sees what <propfemale> brought her           
wishin my baby was home with me on this cold night  damn why i gotta share?
"i hate driving in the snow, at least i got 4 wheel drive "
wrapped all my presents despite being sick  ugh i feel like shyt  but at least the stress of shopping is done  now i can nurse myself back to healthy 
my daughter insists on torchering the dog  then wonders why the dog bites her fingers          wish she would get it you reap what you sow       lol
"<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good , no no no great night  ho ho ho "
"just got done playing <propfemale>, had to eat some cookies and drink some milk and leave my baby her dsi  why does <propfemale> get all the credit for all my hard work  lucky guy ; )"
oh snap on facebook with my daughters dsi  thats the shit!!!!
"hope everyone had a great christmas , i know my family did        thanks to all the people in my life who have made me better, some of you dont know it but if you know me then you have in some way changed my life  thank you "
"so i am actively learning the class, grace and style behind wine and and finding it to be a drink i really enjoy            "
aaahhh it's a new <propfemale>      it's a new day  happy new year's to all my friends and family 
looks like it's going to be seattle in february  so excited!!!!
gd morning fb  time to start my 12 hour day  i cant wait for it to end 
"sometimes we find out in life that some people are here for a moment ,someare here for a season most are here for a reason and a few last a lifetime  who are they?"
what better to do with your life than learn new things       
going to chicago to do a research study with top doctors in pediatrics      so excited what a great oppportunity 
walking makesme feel so good why didn't i always do this?
to be a part of something that's bigger than you gives you a greater sense of self worth 
lunchin wit the ladies     apricot hefeweizen here i come 
found my lil brother finally!!!!! never thought i would see or talk to him again  today is a great day        
"loving memory of every cancer patient,  family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the one's  who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone  who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? ?  april is cancer awareness month "
ready to be done with work        but i'm not
my babys gonna be an american idol  = )
hmmmmm      i wonder what its gonna be like  if it ever happens!!!!
is chillaxin after a very stressful day yesterday
thank god sum1 invented cell phones & the internet or i'd be so bored at the laundry mat what did we do before them?
damn got an early class & my ass is wide awake  anyone out there?
how did i ever make it to class on 3 hours of sleep?
"it's sisters week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh,wiped your tears,watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status ***i love my sisters all of them     smile "
almost done with work  ready 4 the weekend!!
what would the world be like if no one really truly loved us?    i know what mine would be like 
i sit and ponder all the reasons why i would even try     then i think to myself life is about sacrifices you can make them now or pay for them later 
"monday, monday        ba da da dadaaaa  monday monday  back to school  what a long day i have a head of me 6 hours of class then work   boooo mondays "
so i learned how alcohol affects ur nerve transmissions & why drunk ppl act the way the do when they drink now i feel guilty when i drink   damn it sometimes ignorance is bliss!!!
uuuggghhh  my head is on serious overload 
hope everything goes as planned  eeeekkk i'm so nervous 
there's no turning back now
it's friday i just got off work aint got shit to do i think ima          you already know
huge test tomorrow & i cant focus on studying to save my life 
"today started off to be a terrible, horrible no good very bad day  but then the sun came and shined some light on my darkness  my prayers were answered"
sometimes i feel like im all alone in this mind with no answers to my problems only hope for better days  it's at my finger tips but i just can't reach it  ooo so close to the end yet so far from sanity 
"      hey i'm on a mission, no matter wat the condition   forget ur personal issues whn u go wat i've been thru  hey if u believe it then u can concieve it!"
mmmm apricot hefeweizen  yummy in my tummy
omg  not only is my appt at the ass crack of <propfemale>  the doctor is running late  i'm so tired  i could of caught 10 more minz of sleep  uuugghhh!
got the good shit now  finally more energy  look world there's no stoppin me now!!
dr <propfemale> says men who prey on vulnerable women are classified as sociopaths  finally i figured out its not me its them!! thanks dr <propfemale>
"me likey the indian food      naan, chicken biryani, dal  wat u know bout that!!!"
yay!! jus got a new job!! whoooo whoooo
"i'm different i can't base what i'm gon be off of what everybody isn't  they don't listen just whispering behind my back no vision, lack of ambition so whack        "
goin to orientation for my new job  yea <propmale>  it'll be nice to work in a clinic that is organized and well managed  can't say much for clinic 6 besides the pay is good  sad = (
today is the greatest day i've ever known             
ha ha today is the greatest day i've ever known     
oh how i love the smell of rain
the hole that's left in ur heart frm lost loves is greater than the black hole in space       
workin on the holiday but no holiday pay  what a jipp!!!
"people come into our lives for a reason, why then are some so toxic they leave you scarred   who sent them? and why?"
in my world when it rains it snows like a white out blizzard and i can't see any hope in the clearing          
i'm thankful for the people in my life who see my true colors       those that don't assume too much 
goin to see <propfemale> sykes in wendover        so excited!!!!!!!
"<propfemale> sykes was so funny  i had the best time ever! good food , great drinks & the bestest of friends! thanks <propfemale> & angel!!!"
so glad the wknd is coming       
i love my job!! how many people can say that?
damn an hour and a half of minutes later       fuck!
another day of extended phone call times     why do they play such horrible music?? i think it's to keep you call while you wait on eternal hold   all i can do is hurry up and wait 
rainy days are so calming sometimes        just the sound of the droplets in a constant pattern   what a melodic sound 
working hungover sucks!! working to get the hangover is good times!!
omg  this is the worst sinus infection of my life 
ok so i'm on antibiotics & i still feel like shit  wtf 
what if ur grandmother or grandfather was won in a poker game?
t minus 38 days and counting to a new me            
"scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far      "
love the smell of clean
eeekkkk!!
"heat on 80, in sweats,under the covers & i'm still freezing     "
totally had a flat tire this morning when i came out to go to work  what a way to start the day! hope it gets better 
hmmmm why are they all the same???? grrrrrrr!!!!!!!
totally love time & a half sundays  love 
"so my cute little 5 year old patient picks her sticker for being a gd patient and she says \ why do they call her snow white if she is not snowy & her dress is not white?\""  any ideas?"""
uuugggghhhh!!!!! i cant stand this shit  what do they want?
"i can't believe i did it again, broke my damn ankle foot  wtf!"
so psyched for my big night!! broken or not
