2ae87ddd2131b0a3e48ee72e25d88ec0
check out my farm! and can someone please send me a cow for my dairy farm?
<propfirst> at 3
send me some more farmville presents! you can open them for a few more days  you can open your presents now  check out my farm i got some cool things 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everyone! presents tomorrow! can't wait for everyone to see what we got them!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! time to open presents today!
tired of spending every saturday morning working!
"working on my horse stable and i still need all the parts, can everyone help me out and send me some?"
why is it always my luck that on the day it snows i have planned to visit my farthest office from my house!
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family, then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve             because great men are few and far between, and i have one!"
need to go find the perfect gift for my husband today!
"found the perfect gift for our anniversary, can't wait for him to see it!"
off to see the dentist to fix my tooth  not my favorite place!
can everyone please send me items for my maison in farmville? there isn't much time left to build it!
happy easter everyone!!
can someone send me the seagull in farmville? i sent you each one    
urg! have the worst allergies and sinus issues today!
mothers day this weekend!! undra is taking me somewhere special as a surprise! whoo-hoo! i can't wait i need the break    
had this headache for two days now  when is it going to go away??
chinese for dinner  friday night take out is my favorite dinner of the week!
happy mother's day everyone!!!!
"you never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have    "
"waiting for my truck to be fixed, boring!!!!!"
took the family to the aquarium  the buluga whale was adorble and so friendly!
i need more olives for my tuscan wedding can everyone send me some??
why is it the things you want most in life never  turn out your way?
i hate sunday afternoon because it means your weekend is coming to an end 
man this weekend flew by! spent the weekend with my wonderful husband who took me to some great places!
went to mystic aquarium  i love the buluga whale! also went to the shops at mystic  it was the the perfect day with my husband!
why is it when you can barely handle what is on your plate now life hands you a pile of crap that just puts you over the edge?
it may be that my sole purpose in life is simply to be kind to others  and why aren't certain people ok with that??
just came back from having a facial  skin feels great but jeez when did facials start costing 100 bucks!
"life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets  so, love the people who treat you right, forgive the ones that don't and believe that everything happens for a reason  if you get a <propmale>, take it  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said it would be easy they just promised it would be worth it!"
hey everyone i need four more boards to complete my haunted house in farmville  can everyone send me one?
back from vacation in washington dc  it was amazing! we saw all the monuments  the great museums and did tons of shopping  everyone had a blast  but glad to be home in our own home     
ugh! have the worst cold  i feel like crap!!!!
whoo-hoo! <propmale> potter comes out in 5 days!!!! i can't wait  we are going to see it on saturday  i am sure it will be packed!!!!
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change  the courage to change the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference  \and boy do i ever need this help today!"
saw <propmale> potter this morning  there was over 300 people waiting in line at 9 smile 0am! it was awesome though!!!! can't wait for the final one to come out in july!
happy thanksgiving to all my wonderful friends and family!!!!!! ok so i am cooking the turkey this year  lots of pressure i better get it right or my family will never let me live it down!!!!!!!!
i totally wish we were off tomorrow  the day is going to feel like it is taking forever!!!
shopping for christmas tomorrow!! whooooo - hoooooo
"went christmas shopping at the outlets, got some amazing deals!!!!"
"holy crap it is only 16 days until christmas and 13 days until my birthday!!!!!! my most favorite time of the year, i am so excited!!!!!!!"
just finished putting the tree up with hubby and the kids  it looks great  now we need to start wrapping gifts but i am tired from shopping all day!
up at 5am  did my work that is due  then cleaned the house  then just finished wrapping presents  marq and keng were a big help  e playful ecially <propfemale> she has been a huge help all weekend!!! thanks keng!
still have tons of shopping to do for the kids and undra! need to get that done this week and get everything wrapped because then the following week is christmas!!!
unless your name is google stop acting like you fu***** know everything!
"most people have a 1000 wishes for xmas, a cancer patient has 1, to get better  in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting, or has survived cancer - copy this as your status   "
uggggg! this week is going to feel like forever because i want christmas to get here!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!! hope it is going to be an amazing day for everyone!!!
ok on day three now of this stomach virus that i came down with  am finally starting to actually feel human again! i will be very happy once i am back to 100% 
seriuosly another 18 inches of snow!!! when is this going to end  getting to work in this is such a pain!
"ok, my son came home with a bad report card  so he is grounded  no laptop, ipod, cell phone, ps3  so why do i feel like the bad guy when he is the one no getting the grades he needs to  i hate punishing my kids  i think it make me feel worse than they do "
went to the outlets today! it was mobbed! but got a new coach of course so i am happy!!!
just got a new iphone! whoo hoo i am loving it!!
