bffa022706c45ebf6ed025c1df76195a
is heading to europe for a year  he hopes he can stay in touch with everyone!
needs phone <propfirst>!!!
loves my family!
thinks the next warning label the surgeon general should mandate ought to be attached to life 
"is still trying to figure everything out, but it's getting better "
is totally dreaming of powder!!!
feels slightly better about the lsat   slightly
is off to the real world casting call tomorrow  keep your fingers (and toes) crossed!!!
hopes it's warm saturday    
wishes the public at large would realize what is so wrong about their ability to vote away a minority group's civil rights  so much for american ideals 
is very intimidated by the scores in the 25-75th percentile range for the top 20 law schools' applicants last year 
"feels like he's wasted so much time, but now he's got to make up for it double-time!!!"
is free 
wants everyone to know that deadmau5 is the future of dance music 
is now chasing after <propfirst> lautner and will settle for nothing less!
only has one more facebook friend to make before he has 420  who will be the lucky boy or girl?
is going to see his name in lights someday 
is missing <propfirst> rivera's one appearance in d c  for the lsat  damn responsibility!!!
really does not understand men  or does he really and is just trying to put more to it than is there?
is taking the most hellacious test of his life today 
survived the lsat  now he just has to deal with a month-long waiting period for the results 
loves the fact that some neurotic parents surely bought zhu zhu pets in order to keep their kids somehow safer than they would've been if they had had a real rodent and that now it has come out that at least one version of the pets is toxic  classic!!!
"cannot believe how unwilling west <propfemale>'s leaders and \captains of industry\"" are to acknowledge the need to begin incremental change in and the science of energy policy """
is digitalic 
wants all the irresponsible students of morgantown to know that vice is having 2 4 1 drinks all night on saturday  check off the good deed of the day!!!
"wonders if anyone has a copy of the most recent wvu drum ensemble cd  if so, please get ahold of me!"
cannot wait for the premiere of the buried life!!!
is in the zeitgeist movement 
"believes a healthy, constructive skepticism of our government is necessary to keep our nation thriving  the problem of today is that we get so discouraged by the way things are that we accept it instead of believing we can eventually make something better "
wants <propfemale> to wake up  the story we were fed about 9 11 is being torn apart  add up the evidence that has been suppressed!
is loving life  can't wait to play <propfemale>!!!
"wants everyone to take my profile picture as a lesson  if you have large labia, don't wear sluttily tight pants in a color that readily shows shadows  otherwise people like me will take pictures of your blatantly obvious camel toe  thanks!!!"
is so ready for 2010!
got a freaking 170 on the lsat  98th percentile bitches!!!
keeps having to pinch himself to make sure the last month hasn't been a dream 
"thinks guilt should cease to be utilized as a deterrent  the guiltee either will rebel against the guilter and will feel an unending hatred against them or will forever go through life a quivering mass of flesh unable to do anything meaningful  there is a reason evolution made us a species that learns from e playful erience, and maybe if we were a little less overbearing we could thin out the population a little bit!"
"is about as significant in the cosmic scheme of things as a camel toe is to this world  remember that everything is relative, and try to practice humility in 2010  happy new year!!!"
had an incredible weekend  now back to reality! job search 2 01!!!
might actually have a use for all those dress clothes he's been collecting  woohoo!!!
thinks <propfirst> <propfirst> definitely is into gaia  yay!!!
is going to have a very good upcoming week 
has to get some slope time in soon  i mean just look at those badass new goggles! sequins?!?!
wants to get in on the girls' game  grey today (boring i know) 
wants to just sleep and wait for gnomes to do everything he needs done 
"amazingly is working at a nice pace  a fun, very long weekend is possible!!!"
is so ready to feel the burn of the first time of the season on the slopes!!!
is super sore! so worth it!!!
thinks there should be a minimum maturity level reached before individuals gain total access to the internet  it is a powerful informational tool that small minds obviously cannot handle 
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure (tho that would be nice) but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will    you be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a day "
"is dreaming of surf, sand, and a tan!!!"
wishes for once there weren't a battle waiting at every turn 
"is on a mission to find out what mcdonald's does with all those extra, now useless top buns that lose their partners because of you barbarians who eat big macs  oh the bun-ity(like humanity, get it?)!!!"
is carrying the fire 
has a sore nose and isn't quite sure why  probably an indication of a fun weekend 
wants to crawl under a rock 
"is a little concerned that he's already getting used to working midnights  whatever! being a vampire has always been a dream, so now all he needs to worry about is the drinking blood thing (drawing it is definitely not an issue lol) "
feels left out of doppelganger week because he's never been told he looks like anyone else 
enjoys trying to act like a meteorologist by looking at radar maps!
is snowed in up here yet again  are the cosmos trying to tell me something?
got dug out of the snow but wishes the wilkinsburg plows would've waited one more day   
wishes <propfirst>'s day took place during a warmer time of the year  oh wait! that might actually allow some people to escape its blatant consumerism 
is content  strange!
wants to know why two <propmale> storms in a row stalled and changed direction in very similar ways and locations in the span of a week  can anyone shed some light on this?
is back in the 'burgh 
wishes wishing did any good 
is definitely making the most of the year off before law school  this boy will have to behave and maintain scholarship requirements once august arrives   sad 
"wonders why it's only after responsibility is exhibited that it is e playful ected from us  isn't that a little messed up from the way it should be? americans aim way too low, and we get what we ask for "
"is really about to join farmville? those darn, pesky hearts    "
is trying to figure out his wardrobe for this weekend 
"is getting over emotional while watching abc shows online  oh yes, it's man period time!!!"
hates when he sees a picture of a hot guy and then comes to find out the guy's a child molester or a rapist 
needs a dart board to help him make some important decisions 
is off to st  <propfirst> tomorrow to interview for a scholarship  keep your fingers crossed!!!
only has 12 more days to wait for umf!!!
will be on his way to miami this time next week  w00t!
is ready for the madness 
"in 3 days 13 hours 47 minutes 5 seconds the world will end  not really, but it could be earth-shattering!"
is leaving for miami  80 degrees and <propfemale>? that'll do!!!
2 tickets to the world's largest electronic music festival (which eventually sold out for the first time in its history): $400  a round of drinks for 2 at said festival: $20  having the most incredible birthday celebration yet with an amazing boyfriend: priceless!!!
would just like to thank his mother today for delaying her induction so that i would be born on april 2  you'll never know how much it means to me that i am not an april fool!
wants to send a big ol' thank you to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!!! who wants to party belatedly in pittsburgh next weekend? hit me up    
wonders what kind of underhanded tactics massey energy will use to influence this investigation  coal companies don't care about west <propfemale> or their employees  all that matters to them is using and abusing the state's resources (both mineral and human) for profitability  there's already been so much irreparable damage done  let's wake up and get behind the development of alternatives for all our good!!!
"massey energy: a perfect example of the type of business to which our governor would love to open the mountain state  <propfirst> manchin and <propmale> blankenship, and man with whom he is clearly in bed, can both go f*ck themselves as far as i'm concerned "
kickin' pants!!!
sends out a huge thank you to everyone who celebrated my birthday with me  sorry i'm evidently a wimp and couldn't be social longer!!!
of a year ago would tell <propfirst> of the present to stfu in disbelief if he told him all the facts of his life today 
had a guest cuss him out tonight because he could not locate the remote control in his room  is it really that hard to operate a television manually? maybe this mindset is just one of many reasons our country is so overweight 
"is so excited to introduce <propfirst> to his world  should <propfirst> be afraid, very afraid?"
wants to break out the swimwear already! the sandcastle passes didn't help with the <propfemale> issue    
has e playful erienced an acceleration of sorts in his life lately  now it seems like there's even less time in every day! (like there was ever enough to begin with!!!)
only did it for a ski chalet!  laugh 
lives for the weekend 
"so <propfirst> <propmale> rekers, a co-founder of the conservative and extremely anti-gay family research council, was found to have taken a european vacation with a gay escort hired from rentboy com  rekers says he hired the man to <propfemale> heavy luggage  i bet rekers knows how to handle some large equipment too! so who's next in the homophobe coming out party?"
isn't it strange how you're unable to regret past unfortunate decisions once things in your life start to click because any change in your path would've resulted in a different present position?
is feeling the brotherly love!
cannot wait for some sleep!
plans to enjoy the calm before the summer activity storm 
"loves all celestial bodies, but the <propfemale> will always have the strongest hold over his fascination "
has so much stuff to accomplish today that normally it could fill up 3-4 days!
had a very successful day  now off to a legal gay marriage in d c !!!
"gave his key card to a cab driver as a tip, jumped onto a giant drag <propfemale> like a baby koala, and really needs a liver transplant (well, not really)  that was officially the best wedding ever!!!"
is so excited to e playful erience pittsburgh pride for the first time!
wonders who will be the most tragic mess of all tonight at pride in the streets  he has a very strong feeling about someone in particular   
had a good warm up with pittsburgh's pride  now it's time for the real party!
wishes people would stop inviting him to scams to receive free crap  when will you learn it won't work?
is so glad that his weekend starts in 24 minutes!
truly is the lucky one 
either immediately needs to find a way to stop bag tagging himself or is going to buy a cup!
is and will always be proud!
cannot help thinking of all the blatant hypocrisy surrounding independence day celebrations 
loves his new phone! finally out of the stone age!!!
can't believe there's only a week left   
only has 2 more midnight shifts to work!
needs pinched!
is going to have a long couple of days    
"lost one of his most loyal and understanding friends today  rest in peace, snickers  we'll all miss you!!!"
wishes he could slow the summer down!
cannot wait to have internet access within his domicile!
loves that a <propfemale> appointee just ruled prop 8 unconstitutional 
is surprisingly pleased with his fall semester schedule!
begins real classes at law school today  hope the optimism is still around by 5pm!
"is amazingly surviving! however, only two classes have started thus far "
begins the first big boy week of law school today 
is ready for some snowboarding now  can we skip all the leaves and allergies and just bring on the powder?!
"thinks there's an annoying \devil's advocate\"" girl in every class """
"thinks the ruling on the unconstitutionality of dadt is wonderful, if extremely late  it's a shame the actors in our system often wait for public opinion to turn before becoming willing to do the right thing "
loves being able to begin the week with rapping about <propfirst> maclaine <propmale> in contracts 
"to anyone who's ever said i like to argue for argument's sake: 1  i sincerely apologize, for i never intended to be that person; and 2  i wish you could e playful erience the people i'm around now and tell me that i'm nothing compared to them!"
completed his first shift as a volunteer escort for the philadelphia women's center and now feels justified in wasting the rest of his weekend!
"realizes that tragedies are often spiraling combinations of uncontrollable coincidences but also hopes that lessons can be taken and retained from them  otherwise, they will have occurred in vain "
"loves that the river, which used to be only 2 blocks away from the apartment, is now a block closer  where did <propfirst> drive go?!"
"fail of the day: woman at the gym while still exercising on an elliptical tries to change shirts by putting one on over the other and then pulling the original off (i don't know how this is done, but it's an <propmale> many women have perfected) and instead flashes the whole gym  why not walk the 20 feet to the locker room?!"
"finds it interesting that all of this lgbt awareness is being stirred up and hopes that this time tragedy can actually be utilized to bring about revolutionary good, contrasted with the incremental change we settle for because we've been led to believe it is all straight <propfemale> is able to take "
does not get men's skinny jeans  period 
will be out and about in morgantown tonight  come see me!
"is celebrating 9 years out of the closet this year  it's never easy, but it does get easier every day  happy national coming out day!"
just finished his first law school exam  ugh   this was supposed to be the easy one!
is definitely looking forward to the weekend 
just saw <propfirst> matthews on campus  so cool!
philadelphia: where even the ambulances break down 
really hopes the election results aren't as dismal as everyone is predicting them to be 
"is dumbfounded that someone could make skinny jeans look baggy, especially considering the fact that he can't force his upper legs into a pair "
is beginning to realize his relative mediocrity  is this adulthood?
"can't wait to watch \the human centipede!!!\"""""
can identify the sound of velveeta shells being poured into boiling water while asleep 
has a dependency on sunglasses 
is still mesmerized by the rockettes  happy thanksgiving!!!
"if all war is won in the heart, how can one have a successful strategy if one's opponent is characterized as heartless?"
"really wishes people who block their number would leave a voicemail, as it would make it much easier to identify who has called "
lives on the street where side mirrors go to die 
is and will be the sweatpants <propmale> for the next two weeks 
just keeps thinkin' of the slopes    
"does his best to support shadow economies, especially around the holidays "
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
can someone please tell me who said big sideburns are ok again?
is back home in wv for christmas and will be in dc for new years  get in touch or come find me!!!
has a severe lack of motivation to do anything school related 
happy new year's <propfemale>!!! i hope this year's celebration is as amazing as last's!
second semester starts tomorrow  is it spring break yet?!
"let it snow! i'm fine as long as my car doesn't get smashed; the street i live on could very easily produce the next icy road youtube phenomenon, though "
often longs for dairy when consuming chinese food 
"i, along with the rest of <propfemale>, realize sammi is definitely not being a sweetheart  however, has anyone else noticed the situation's dorsal fin?"
hates it when someone doesn't know the answer to a question and instead of admitting as much attempts to hide the fact with circular logic 
finds it distressing that the city coats his and all other minor streets around him in rock salt prior to the start of snowfall (to the point of it feeling like a gravel road) while arterial routes in north philly are often covered in packed snow days after a storm 
"happy birthday, roe v  <propmale>!!!"
goal for this weekend: get a new snowboarding picture!
"it's a winter wonderland, and septa is paralysed!"
"if driving in philly on a normal day is like bumper cars, can i call tonight a demolition derby?!"
"not cool, <propfemale>  very not cool!!!"
"so <propfemale> decided to have a normal schedule yesterday after the city got 15 inches of snow in 24 hours, but somehow found reason to delay opening today for no apparent reason  i've heard of a lot of stupid decisons; however, the combination of these two takes the cake!"
how is <propmale> marley releasing yet another album if he has been dead 30 years?!
"if men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament "
potentially life-changing interview today; gaga in a week; snowgasm '11 in two  what could be better?
battlestar galactica rules!
i don't care what anyone says gaga  you still got it and rock out like no other! 5 days!!!
"how do we justify the criminalization of victimless crimes when the frac act, which is an essential step in protecting the health of perhaps millions as well as our fresh water supply, stalls in committee? i very strongly recommend both the film \gasland\"" and a personal investigation into the array of consequences stemming from such criminalization """
"50 hours to curtains, miss germanotta!"
"tickets: check! paws: check! four loko (original formula): check! watch out gaga, i'm comin' for ya!"
is extremely concerned that the only stamps available at my local post office commemorate <propfemale>  thank goodness i don't need to utilize the postal service more often!
the four hour interview is finished  now for the waiting game    
the middle children of the world keep it running!
law school: the perfect cure for idealism 
"new catchphrase (with every letter enunciated and said with a gravelly, crack smoke-damaged voice): \winning!\"" - <propfirst> sheen"""
"mullets, <propfemale> packs, jeggings, and <propfirst> sheen: the four horsemen of the apocalypse "
sometimes rhcp music is the only appropriate remedy 
ready for some beach time!
rejection letter: not the best start to spring break 
why does it all of a sudden seem like utility lines are sprouting shoes and facebook typing is really hard?
