654b24d7a7668572fd933b9de8b89d46
"it's official  i'm going to be a veterinary assistant  i start at francklin tech in august  the shop i've worked at for over 2 years might be going out of business so because i'm on partial unemployment, the state is paying for my school  so everyone needs to coming shopping   smile "
"\i love you   do you love me ? please please ! i wanna hold you in (  )\"""""
the <propmale> walk was amazing tonight found an old picture of <propfirst> at a photography showing  i had so much fun helping my mom and my sister  my little sis sold 6 paintings! i'm so proud of her  can't wait to see what she come up with for next month's <propmale> walk 
just found a teeny worm on one of my blueberries and now i'm wondering how many worms i ate while scarfing them down !p
"people   innocent until proven guilty!!! and if it's innocent, i hope that <propmale> never sees the nasty things that people are already saying about him \\\an eye for an eye makes the world blind\"" - confucius"""
"so, i'm walking my dogs this morning and a police officer stops to tell me my dog is beautiful  he proceeds to let me know that we will see a lot more of them in the neighborhood because crime has risen drastically in the last month in our area  he tells me to make sure to keep my doors locked even when i am at home! thank god we are moving to webb city in less than 2 weeks!"
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes  this will be my last year in my 20's so i better make the most of it! next year i look forward to being a hot 30 year old lolol! love you all   smile 
"so i\m getting ready to put on the cup suit and dance in front of quiznos in webb city>>>>>>>>>>>come by and honk and take a pic and send it to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(and stop in for a sandwich)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i\""m gonna bust a move!!!!!!"""
a part of me misses you sometimes but then the other parts slap that part around 
"right now a vet tech is helping a <propfemale> become a mother, is holding the paw of a dying dog, is inserting an iv into a kitten, is listening to an owner tell a story and is missing their pets while caring for yours  vet techs save lives  re-post if you are a vet tech or appreciate one "
"just finishes my first day volunteering at the animal shelter  boy is it hard work  got to walk a dog, then bath 2 and walk them, then folded a bunch of laundry  someone told me that the first dog i washed was found on the side of the hwy in a bag duct-taped shut with the word \horrible\"" written on it  how terrible is that!!!! he was such a sweet dog just needed a little training and some love """
happy halloweennnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"did my first clinical hours in surgery at the humane society  12 spay and neuters, 8 hours, then school for 5 more and all with having a cold on top of it  boy am i exhausted but i sure learned a lot and i'm ready for more 12 hour days   smile "
had an awesome day walking the dogs and taking their pics for pet frinder at the humane society  there are sooooo many cute and cuddly dog there right now  go adopt one!!!! and i'm looking for something for us to do tonight  who is playing and where r some good local shows?????
"i have never been so greatful and so thankful in my whole life!!! all my hard work is paying of and i just found out this morning that my school is going to be completely payed for!!!(i balled like a baby all the way home) i am on top of the world and i have definatly found my calling in life! this is going to be the best thanksgiving ever!!!\p s  i love <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
my class gets to walk the adoptable dogs in the joplin and webb city christmas parade this year! it will be sooo much fun! come out and wave us on  hope these little guys get a warm home for the holidays  take one home  smile 
"if anyone has a ukulayle to get rid of, my sis is looking for one  smile "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!!!!
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my real fb friends to comment on this status about how you first met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same! you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours    "
"road trip time! my teacher, <propfemale>, and i have volunteered to drive the shelter <propfirst> to kc to take some dogs to a rescue group  those lucky dogs! leavin in an hour and can't wait!  smile "
wow who'd a thought you e playful erience all 4 seasons in the same week and have them be out of order  just got back from walkin the kiddos up to quiznos to visit dad and back  everyone in the neighborhood is on their poarch and grillin out  i opened some windows in the house and turned the heat off  zippadeedooda zippadeeyay my oh my what a wonderful day!
ok facebook friends   we're having a love connection at aarc on friday & saturday  most pets are only $14 and many of them are already fixed! too few adoptions and too many coming in  it's our valentines special  please share this post and lets get these guys a home 
i am acting like a grown-up but i don't feel like one   
4-way stops are so cool  for about 4 seconds strangers have a universal mutual respect for eachother and take turns  vert aww inspiring in a way    smile 
i know it's awful but      i love american idol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"crackers, cheese, homemade apple chips, champagne, <propfirst>, & oscars= perfect date night  smile !"
i really miss the keystone 
i got a new phone!!! for those of you i haven't text my new number to yet or you would like to have it messege me! i have lost some <propfirst> in the phone transaction  oh and send me free ringtons lol!
just found out the un playful ected show at quincey magoo's is 18 and up so hope to see everyonr there!!!
"yayyy!!! i get to do my internship clinicals at main st  pet care  i'm so excited, i get to go job shadow tomorow and meet everyone then start on the 18th  maybe they will hire me when i graduate and get my cva?"
"well it's official  my sister, beka, and i are making an emergency flight to pheonix to see our dad in the hospital  he has been in icu since monday afternoon  pancreatitis then kindney failure  i will miss my <propfirst> so much "
