e4d081d90d501a6ba15268d3b174571b
yo peeps on facebook     wats up
what's up my brother from another mother  what's up my sister from a different mister 
no more braces!!!!!!! finally got those suckers off!!!!!! > laugh  freeeeeeeeeeeeeedom
hapy new year u crazy sob s  laugh 
somebody save me from the boredom!!! d:
omg!!! my voice is completely gone!!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  thank you x2  laugh 
"summer is boooooooring!!!!!\help me!!!!\wat should i do!?!?!!?"
"dont eat those new fizzle skittles d annoyed they buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurn"
<propfemale> got locked out of our house and was forced to sleep in snow creek park!!!!! mwahahahhahahahahaha > laugh 
just found this cool <propmale> high school in northern michigan  i totally want to go to it!!!! and its a boarding school     surprise 
omg!! thunder lightning and rainbows!!!! is it the apocalypse?!!!?!? it was purty though  playful 
whoo! finally posted up that damn youtube video!! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=0lkinggtjlc a short film i directed for my cousin  happy steph? enjoy  laugh 
im hatin' summer!!!!!!   so bored   cant wait till the next skool year starts  laugh  woot!!! link crew and mustang update!!! gonna be a busy year  playful 
todays my birthday ohnoes!!!! im oooooooooooooold d laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh :     anywho    thanx to everyone who wished me a happy b-day!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  i  love  all of you!!!!
forgot something    im now in san fransisco!!!! with my big sis and bro!!! gonna do lots of stuff and take lots of pics!!  laugh  so far   im having fun  smile 
oh my gawd!!! i was slicing cheese with my sis for breakfast and i went <propmale> cruegar on my finger!!!! i cut it like an executioner would with a guillotine!!!!   so   much    blood     feelig   dizzy     curse you cheeese!!!!! -passes out- x_x
gater's bitches better be using jimmys!!!!- will ferrell
"going back home from san <propfemale>  gonna be there for a bit, then going to the river with my cousins    wat an eventful summer  laugh "
just came back from laughlin   holy-shit    alot of stuff happened d:   nothing bad   saw <propfirst> pilgrim v s the world   those directors must've been on acid!!! that movie was colorful!!! i was barfing up skittles after watching it!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"cant wait till the first mustang update!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh \september 28th"
"duuuuuuude!!!! i need to go to the faaaaaair!!!!!! i wanna go sooooo badly d annoyed -sigh- no one to go with  playful "
"hahahahahaahha!!!!! today was a good day!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh \i passed my drivers test!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh \clear the road!!!! maniac driver coming through!!!!"
"havent been doing so good since thursday night  playful  i got tonsilitis again and thats why i couldnt go to skool on friday  sad \but its ok my parents are taking good care of me  smile \and i finally got my ukulele today  laugh \now im gonna learn how to play it  laugh "
"i just love this cold weather\it's about damn time it started raining!!!!!! \hypothermia here i come!!!!!!!  laugh "
just got a new fone   laugh  can u peeps that hav my number message me yours so i can put it in  k thanx
wtf is wrong with mother nature!!! one minute i'm freezing my ass off the next one is i'm sweating like a pig!! dx omjizzle
<propfemale> freakin' christmas to all youz people still on facebook!!! and i better see u all next damn year!!! with love your crazy ass friend <propfemale>  laugh 
just almost ran over a squirrel on my way home d: little bastard wouldn't get outta my way!!!! my exact words: aaah u effin squirrel!!!! d:
i love tylerrrrrrrrrrrr
wtf!?!? first squirrels now cats!!!!! d: damn cat ran right in front of my car while i was driving d: my response: ahhh! effin cat!!! (sounds familiar huh)  playful 
did a dare where i had to eat a whole spoon of cinnamon for ten bucks d: effin threw that shit up along with waffles  laugh  got ten bucks though so   yah!!!!
"at sixflags withh aubrey!!!!!!!!!!\yeeeeeeea boooooooooi!!!!!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh "
have a damn headache feeling nauseated dizzy and i don't wanna throwup!!!!!!! d: omgoooooood!!!!! wats wrong with me d laugh  laugh :
"just got back from <propmale> camp\it was fun but im hella glad to b speaking english again  laugh "
omg!!!!!! just watched the movie called the mad!!!!!! most retarted funny horror film <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
had a good day at skool today  but for sum reason i feel depressed and i don't know why  sad    where's a doctor when i need one dx
"hit my head on a friggin hanging wooden fish!!!! dx\got a friggin headache now d laugh  laugh  laugh x"
pulled a muscle in my back   sad  hurts like a bitch to move around dx  i dunno wat to dooooo d:
i love my bffl <propmale> delgado
"ate sum coffee beans  playful \that does not taste like coffee!!!!!! dx"
getting fat off of strawberries!! best way for anyone to go  wink 
"watched a <propfirst> bowie interview with <propfemale> degeneres  laugh \fav quotes by bowie: \around 17 i realized that i was a mime trapped in a mans body   around 18 i realized i was a monk trapped in a mimes body \""  laugh  oh bowie  laugh  oh and \""cat whiskers\"" !!!!!!  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh   laugh """
"just bought labyrinth on dvd!!!!!!!!\jareth: well? squeel \me: squeel!!!!!!"
whoohoo!!!! my fone is now up and functional!!!!!!  laugh     for now   mwahahaha > smile 
"just knocked over my cup of milk d annoyed they say its no good crying over spilt milk\but i just fell over in tears dx"
