9cb8f9594fcc572cbc5334a4e9fd9b95
got tool concert tics for my daughter and i!!!!!!
headed to farmers market  love this time of year!
"had a great father's day with my daughter! on vacation this week and seeing tool concert wednesday with tool's #1 fan, my daughter  life is good  for now "
going to tool concert tonight with my daughter! gonna be soooo awesome!
headed to the farmer's market  wanna score stuff to make pico de gallo 
had a great day with my daughter on barren fork river in tahlequah  love summer and <propfemale>!
mr mojo risin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this sucks! had an allergic reaction and right cheek and lips are swollen like a mf  i look like a chipmunk! happens once a year  allergic to something  don't know what 
hey! huge thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday!!!!!
gone camping!
<propmale> is so cool!
in just four days my life has changed so much!
"i don't think i will set my fb status to \single\"" forever!!!"""
"man i'm glad to be someone's \man\""!"""
looking forward to spending time with my gf and daughter this wkend! my gf is so beautiful and i have missed her this week!
think i have found the meaning of life  don't ask what it is but i know!
"so glad tomorrow is my last 12hr shift for the week! i feel like my week doesn't really start till i get those hard days over  it's all good no matter what tho, i have <propfemale>     "
"tomorrow is monday  i hate that day with a passion but i have a very sweet,talented, awesome daughter that i love more than anything! i have a beautiful, wonderful, woman that rocks my world  i have a great understanding friend that is still here in my life  hell i even have a great exwife! f monday i can deal with it!"
i'm stranded!
first day of spring is march 20th  come on spring! i get my first bees in april  better days ahead!!
"first time in a very, very long time that i'm looking forward to celebrating <propfirst>'s day! celebrating early this weekend,"
can't believe my daughter is in nyc right now! she's playing in a orchestra at carnegie hall saturday night! amazing! proud of you <propfemale>!
i'm thinking i got it good! i have a wonderful daughter and a super hot wonderful gf! i'm happy!
i'm made for lovin weekends and this weekend is made for lovin!
i love being with my daughter! she makes me laugh and feel so happy and so proud! i love being with my gf <propfemale>! she makes me feel content and gives me goosebumps and butterflies in my stomach!
yea! got monday over!!!!!!!!
yea! got tuesday over!!!!!!!! i have to admit tho i work with some cool girls and that makes the day go by better! just miss my favorite girl! you know who!!!!
