8a262c75a966b2323fad7dae698d8d10
i think people should give mj a break he was one of the best muso's of all time!!
watchin mates play alone in the dark 4 hehe worst drivers ever!
meetin up with friends from uni  go the auslan teehee  wink 
ncis rules!!!!
mmmmmmmm music rules!!!
what's on your mind?for everyone who doesnt have me on msn add me!!! mysterious_angel180@hotmail com  laugh  laugh 
relaxin while the bf has band practice
celebrating coz i finished my essay even if it is 3 days late lol  laugh 
i love 'go' its got all the awesome shows that aren't on tv anymore
did nothin but watch movies today   
the weather is awesome hail then shine then rain then more hail  laugh 
so glad to finish work!
watching deathnote on youtube yeah!
stargate dvd series woop  laugh 
hey guys on friday the 30th theres going to be a battle of the bands type thing over at <propfemale>'s hotel in ringwood    tickets are $12 and there are 6 bands playing if anyone's interested let me know thx its gonna be awesome  laugh 
heading to auslan to learn some more sign langiage yay  laugh 
goin to watch live bands at <propfemale>'s hotel in ringwood on the 30th anyone wanna come?
watching fringe on go yay
goddamn stupid end of year asssignments didnt we do well enough through the semester already??
kfc for tea woop!
resident evil 2 & 3 on go god i love that channel  laugh 
deathnote misa: i wouldnt dream about a world without light l: yes that would be dark hahahahhahahahahahaha misa is talkin about light the person  laugh 
saw 'the invention of lying' last night pretty good  laugh 
remembered how quiet it is at night
"saw \daybreakers\"" today at the cinemas a very good vampire show"""
had fun hangin out with <propfemale> and her gang tonight hope you had a great birthday  laugh  laugh 
watching 4x4 home movies  smile 
feels like doing absolutely nothing today what sundays were made for
thinks the thunder is getting really loud  annoyed 
is watching pitch black on telly awesome show go riddick  laugh 
watching alien vs predator2 which side do you choose??
is watching the men's figure skating  laugh 
just saw shutter island it's the best movie with a really clever twist ;p
haha love those 'improving vegemite' ads imagine vegemite lollipops and bubblegum!!  laugh d
attending the international pillow fight in the city april 3rd hahaha  laugh 
just watched predator2 ; pretty action packed!!  wink 
hmmmm wondering what to do now   
haha didnt bother with uni today made me much happier  laugh 
happy st <propfirst>'s day everyone go the green!!
la de da de da     
"its sisters week!! if you have a sister who makes your life interesting, fun and is a blessing in your life  a sister who generally makes life worth living by being around  copy and paste this as your status, to prove how much you love your sister!"
hmm whats on telly at 3 30?
la de dade da gonna watch some movies  wink 
arrghhh the hoplessness of finding info for essays  annoyed 
"watchin \what a girl wants\"" so cute  smile """
have to go to uni tomo gahh why cant i just finish stuff when i want to rather than having deadlines     but then again id probably never do it otherwise  annoyed 
just walked up to roxburgh college   wow at the memory flashbacks!!
i love <propmale> n cheese mmmm heaven  playful 
first day at uni  smile  mmm smell the eagerness ;p
mwha hahaha i am back online  laugh  wink 
wants to dye the top layer of her hair purple but tryin to think of colours other than black for the bottom    suggestions??
mwah haha i have dyed my hair purple!!! will post pics soon  playful 
got her p's today  smile 
just watched cutthroat island still one of the best movies i have ever seen i love it  laugh 
is having her lil brother stay with her a couple of days yay gaming fun ;p
has anyone played project zero?? awesome horror-survival game  laugh 
hanging out in echuca with my bestest cousin hehe  laugh 
is trying to think up songs for my party suggestions??
goodnight everyone  smile 
loves 'man on fire' awesome movie!
