087ca9d15b1de098fba6f47d228f48c2
i feel a bit like a burnt marshmallow  ugh 
vacation in 9 days!
i just dropped 100 00 on stairs for her aging doccie doodle doesn’t have to strain to get onto the furniture  my baby is getting old  :^{
i got my chl in the mail today  yay!
lucky rabbit is doubtful she's going to get the job she just applied for 
i feel like poop on a stick  i'm not ahppy i had to tuck my tail between my leggs and go home early 
"is donating my status to <propfemale> http annoyed  www aspca org lola, a dog at the aspca who needs a new home "
is home sick
i need a nap
happy happy x mas people!
life is crazy and im bloody tired
just got home for walking for relay for life in the pear <propfemale> parade  ugh  so tired 
has an interview to do some face to face sales for a change on wednesday  could i be getting out of the call center??? maybe 
so i left centurylink as of yesterday  waiting for my employee nmbr to start my fancy new job at the gym  woot 
is cpr and aed certified now  go me 
"'s legs are sore from dancing  i've been needing to go work out  however, im gonna consider this a work out "
"is getting thrown to the wolves  \close out\"" is the busiest oz day  they need all hands on deck  i have hands  fairly untrained hands  should be chaotic  good thing i don't have a red hoodie      so    fake it till ya make it  woot woot"""
no more parrot  they picked hime up today 
ugh  work stress  gotta love it 
   saturday night workouts  gonna be sore tomorrow but i'm gonna sleep great tonight 
busy day ahead  woof
is <propfemale> over dating  dying alone is not only beginning to look better and better but also like more of a possibility every day 
is feeling pretty happy 
is a strong believer that a solid night sleep is a damn near cure all    coffee picks up the rest of the slack 
almost done cleaning  i've only been working on it for 3 hours  ugh ;^p
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming  what do we do? we swim swim  la la la"
"i'd like to voice my appreciation for caffeine  caffeine, my very good friend, without you i would be so much less productive  my life runs so much smoother with you in it than if you were not i'm certain  you are always there for me to keep my eyes open, my neurons shooting and my mood lifted  caffeine, i appreciate you and everything you do  i just wanted you to know "
bought a bike today     yep 
i want chocolate  real bad    but i'm home and not leaving  oh well 
thinks skype is super awesome!
has a amazing 98 honda as a loaner car while my toyota is made all pretty again 
my back tire flatted out  now that it is off i can see i drove over a screw  so now i get to drive on a donut  oh joy
today was my last day at oz  onward!
i will eat your soul
i need a freaking job! ugh    stupie
yay summer rain and the fourth season of <propmale>  oh yeah   and cuddles! ;^p
"is officially on the government teat, so is slightly less stressed, however bored as hell  now to go buy laundry soap and really ripe banana\s to make banana bread  woot!"""
have a interview @ 2  happy thoughts!
nerf gun fights in the apartment on a friday night with my <propmale> butt  pretty much awesome 
i pleased that things are taking a turn for the better  i'll be starting my new job very soon  and <propmale> just got a job at century link  yay!
is dying  so sick 
is all moved except for the washer dryer which <propmale> (being the amazing boyfriend that he is)will get to some time this next week  *joy* thank gawd-ess
is happy to have most the holiday shopping out of the way 
"is feeling sickish and tired, but can't sleep    soooo    more meddies! then sleepy "
i'm sooo excited 
