cdebeeeec5c1093b7ba4a90965cdbf2a
i love apples and cheese!
oh ugh   waaaaayyyy too much to do   i can't take it any more!!! lol
ugh   so tired   i just ran   2 whole <propmale>!!  wow i'm out of shape   : (
well that frowny face didn't work out well     
i      hate    dial-up       crying 
soooo     bored   
ugh school tomorrow   on the upside   yay for being a senior!!!! lol
ugh   sleepy   hate homework    
   intoxicated ants always fall to the left   just thought you'd like to know   
sssslllleeeeeepppp         
oh   hum   reading candide   what is that about you ask?  i'm not really sure      
ugh   dear god   i don't think i've ever been this completely miserable in my life    
i feel numb   well it's better than hurting   
uuugggggghhhhhhhhhhh                                
my computer is kinda freakin out   grrr    
i know its late   but in case any one would care to reply    what's the chem homework?
feels sick   
i think i speak for most everyone out there when i say    homecoming sucks    sad 
finally!!! my wireless is working   !
okay so i wasn't there when the english essay was assigned   so what time period are the poems we are picking from?  someone help me? please?
anyone out there that can tell me what time period the poem we are supposed to do the essay on is?  i wasn't there when she gave the assignment   pweeeaaassse?
men are stupid   and i hate them  lol
i   love   rain      laugh 
calc test tomorrow   how   happyful         sad 
i hate writing college essays    uggghhhh      
can anyone tell me the chem homework? i wrote down the wrong <propfemale>  sad 
gurgle      glup    glurp   glllleeeeep   !
feels very sick    
hey   can anyone tell me what the chem test is over?
halloween in two days   ugh   such unhappiness    sad 
not to be a downer but   i hate my life    
calc test      grrrrrrrrr
english essay    unhappiness    
this chem homework!!! what the bloody &*$#^*^# $#%%!!! i definently don't have anything like this in my notes    
i'm so glad it's friday     
taking the calc test home sounded like a great idea    until it actually came time to do it    
grrrr    choir  taking over  life       crying 
i hate take home math tests   
wishes she had a phone 
just to get this straight   for a metathesis reaction all we do is a double replacement   right?    anyone out there that can confirm this?   
chocolate!!!!
speech and debate    grrr
trying to teach my myself how to play guitar   and failing    sad 
i have so many things to do   and i can't do any of them because the medicine my doctor gave me makes me confuussedd and unable to thinkeded straight   hhhmmm homework     i feel   like  i'm  on   drugs    
mmm bacon    
im not really the paint your nails type of person   so when i just did   i ended up with nail polish all over my nails   and all in between   
is not excited for menopause   
success!!!!! i just managed to get through an entire song on my guitar only looking at my chord chart a couple times! an entire song!  lol and my hand only collapsed once  laugh 
i loved my sugar seahorse cookies   then i bit off their heads and ated them all  smile 
"so much to do, so much to do, so very very much to do!"
gurgleleedee
ugh   felix left for vietnam last night   and i won't be able to talk to him for like a whole month!! i feel so utterly miserable right now   and lonely   and sad 
homemade hot chocolate and cake batter cookies   almost good enough to make up for all of this chemistry homework    
my daddy went back to work in california   and now i'm sad   
my new favorite movie currently   is breakfast at tiffany's  it's amazing and i recommend it
i wish i had blue skin and luminescent white dots everywhere    
blurp
"ugh   i'm feeling that weird sort of mood where i'm not really happy, and not really sad   just bleh   and i don't like it    "
uuuugggghhhh english essay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sometimes    i hate calculus 
what chapter are we doing in chem?  6?
my elbow   it hurts     uuuggghhh      
i love the snow    but why must it be so cold?????
sooo sleepy     must study   grrrr   i hate finals 
ugh   some people choose to make my life way more complicated than it needs to be    
"one day left of finals    one last horrible day  ugh!! i'm dreading you, friday tests!!!!!"
i think i just broke my toe    
my crab is eating my starfish   wonderful 
likes pineapples   
memorizing sucks    
ugh   valentine's day tomorrow   definitely not my favorite day in the world   
at first i liked the idea of taking my test home   now that it's time to do it i don't think it's such a great idea anymore   
poop on my pee
baaaaaaaaanana!
"i'm incredibly happy for the weekend, but also incredibly sad   because it means more time for scholarship stuff     sad "
i feel really crappy right now    and i'm not entirely sure why   ugh
ugh   its almost 12 and i have no clue why i'm still up    soooo   tirredddd        
so sleepy    i don't even know what time i got to bed last night      sad 
i hate scholarships    
ugh    i'm dreading friday      
sitting at home memorizing a stupid paragraph for stupid choir that a stupid person volunteered me for   grrr    i'm so angry  
i am eating peanut butter   and it is good 
i'm so booorrrreeedddddddd    !
writing my english essay     ugh    
ugh   i hate men  and i hate relationships   and i'm sick and tired of the pain   i've just decided that i want nothing to do with any of the above 
gurgle
just ran out side and literally danced in the rain   well actually jumped around like an idiot   and now i look like i've just dived into a swimming pool!  it was fun   laugh 
"i'm just going to say in reply to the large mass of happy birthdays i received, thank you!  i would have replied earlier but my computer has been down the last three days   it works now though!  kind of   "
"hallo!  ich spreche deutsch, weil niemand weiss, was ich sagen     laugh "
i was serving myself some soup for dinner   and i somehow dropped my bowl into the soup   it was loud and splashed hot soup water all over my hands   it hurt   i have confirmed the notion that i am an accident prone klutz    
whoa    headrush   
    hiccup       
"i tried to grate cheese   instead, i grated my finger   bummer "
i think i'm getting sick   my stomach hurts    i'm freezing (though i have a blanket and the heaters on)    and my face is really super flushed   ugh   and right before the ap tests too    sad 
violins are such pretty instruments   i love them   i wish i could play one   i tried to teach myself once   i failed   miserably 
my dog now officially has only three legs   sad 
i cannot breathe   my nose is plugged   sadness 
i think i'm dying a bit inside   this essay is murdering me   its hard to write an essay when you have no opinion whatsoever on the topic    
i have to start addressing graduation invitations    who ever invented these things?  ugh    
    itunes doesn't have the beatles   they're all tribute bands   i'm angry 
"that chemistry test literally ate me alive   it gobbled me up, chewed a bit, and then spit me back out   then, while i was still screaming, it repeated the process "
getting my hair cut later today    and i don't know if i want to stay roughly the same length   go kinda short   or be adventurous and hack it all off   ugh   any suggestions? lol
going to missoula tomorrow to ride in a horse thing   i get to ride around in my pretty spanish dress   i'm rather excited 
tomorrow's monday again   i'm sick of monday   can't we just skip to saturday?
calculus test tomorrow   urg 
a few more days   just a few more days   
"i have a sore under my lip    and i now have so much orajel on it, i feel like i have a mouth full of novocain   it feels funny     smile  <that's me trying to smile at you with a numb lip   hehe"
"looking at all my graduation photos, either i am the weirdest looking person in the world, or i just don't photograph well   i'm going to hope for the latter "
"so   i definitely got my hair cut even shorter today    and by short, i mean short   lol"
ahh   i'm loving not having school to go to  smile 
uck    it's hot   way too hot   i hate heat 
ugh   sometimes i just want to curl up and not exist for awhile   it would be so nice     
"just got attacked by a smoothie   i was trying to drink it out of a cup, and it got stuck   i tilted the cup back   a little too far   smoothie up my nose, down my shirt, all over the couch   very cold    d'x"
that was the strangest thunderstorm ever     and soooo cool!!!  laugh 
i lost my phone   bummer 
i have mosquito bites on my legs   that are literally softball sized!  that's not normal 
its really depressing when you have to go pick your dog up from the vet   in a small tin box   
i definitely got lost in the woods as i was hiking back down from the top of mt saint mary's   scariest thing ever!
ahhh!!! the onion!!!! it burns   !
"my feet!  i'm pretty sure if i cut them off and walked on the stubs, it wouldn't be any less painful "
ugh   class in half an hour   i   do   not   wanna   go!   laugh 
this is the longest day ever        
my head is on fire   not literally   but still   on fire! lol
icky icky me feel sicky    sad 
friday!!!
i love my puppy   smile 
so   turns out i forgot my phone in <propfirst>   bummer 
i have to figure out how to get to walmart so i can get lights for my bike   i have church at seven and it's dark by then!  it is terrifying riding my bike in the dark   i did it once   i almost died 
i ate too much pizza   now my stomach hurts   bummer 
i have an extreme craving for some pumpkin pie and some hot chocolate   mmmmm   
i am flying over lake michigan right now!!
yor ahn ahhshole 
i'm pretty happy about my poem for <propmale>   in <propmale> of course   it's pretty awesome!!
the first couple layers were just absorbing   now its softness!
<propmale> cheng
oh my goodness   i am fairly certain this frosting is either frozen or ice cream 
homework   not cool 
car broke  in the middle of the parking lot  no good   sad 
it's snowing in my room!
<propmale> cheng is soooo hot
